 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Yeah , this is Roky _ I checked all the connections . I don 't know why all the power 's down out here . I 'm gonna have to come in and get some more equipment . Yeah , yeah . Yeah , I 'll need several of those . All right ! Um ... I don 't wanna scare you , but ... I think I 'm madly in love with you . I mean , you 're all I think about . You 're my whole world . Harold , I like you a lot too , but this is our first date . I mean , I think that we need more time to get to know one another . ( engine dies ) What happened ? ( Harold gasps ) Oh , my God ! ( girl ) Harold ! What are those things ? ( Harold ) How the hell should I know ? ( growls ) ( roars ) - Jack , what is that thing ? - How the hell should I know ? I had never thought much about it before . I guess that 's because I felt like such an alien myself , _ _ _ _ .that to be concerned with aliens from ... other planets , _ _ . Hthatjust seemed so ... redundant . I 'd never considered it much myself before I started this job . Yes , now , if I understand it correctly _ .your partner is the actual expert ? Yes , and I feel that I must apologise for his refusal to speak with you , Mr Chung . I must admit , I probably wouldn 't have myself if I wasn 't such an admirer of your work . The Lonely Buddha is one of my favourite novels . And here I was thinking you were just some brainy beauty . Now I find out that you also have ... good taste . Why did you write a book on alien abduction if you 're not that interested in the subject ? Actually , it was my publisher 's idea . At first I was reluctant , until I realised that I had an opportunity here ... _ .to create an entirely new literary genre : a nonfiction science fiction . Now , see , that gimmick alone will guarantee its landing on the best-seller list . In snort , to answer your question ... money . Just as long as you 're attempting to record the truth . God , no ! How can I possibly do that ? - What do you mean ? - I spent three months in Klass County . Everybody has a different version of what " truly " happened . Truth is as subjective as reality . That will help explain why , when people talk about their UFO experiences , ... _ .they always start off with " l know how crazy this is gonna sound , but ... " So , you 're here to get my version of the truth ? Exactly . Now , when did you first find out about the case ? Well , not right away , of course . Um ... Not enough time had elapsed to consider it a missing persons case ... _ .before the girl was found the following morning . She was suffering from what my partner calls " missing time She recalled nothing of the previous night , nor how she had arrived at her whereabouts . Her body exhibited signs of physical abuse , ... _ .and all of her clothes were on inside out and backwards . Hm . Have I had my share of mornings like that ( ! ) But these are the characteristics of someone who has , uh ... Do you prefer the term " abductee " or " experiencer " ? Actually , I prefer neither , but my partner uses " abductee " . My preference is for the other . " l 'vejust had a , uh ... little alien experience " ... _ .as opposed to " I 've just been abducted ! " Regardless , the girl was considered neither at the time . She appeared more to be the victim of date rape than anything else . She was given a physical exam and her statement was taken . Later that night , she received her " visitation ( 93595 ) ( tap at window ) ( 93595 ) - Oh , Chrissy , thank God you 're all right . - How dare you come here ? - Chrissy , I did everything I could ! - Don 't I know it , you bastard ! - Chrissy , don 't you remember ? - ( man ) Who the hell 's out there , damn it ? ! Chrissy , I love you ! ( Scully ) The girl 's father informed the police , who apprehended the boy back at his home . We ... We were abducted by aliens . You don 't sound so sure of it . It all seems so crazy . And I don 't know why Chrissy doesn 't remember it . Are you willing to take a lie-detector test to prove you were abducted by aliens ? Yes , I am . Well , too bad ! Cos I don 't need no lie detector to tell me ... _ .the only thing you were abducted by were your rampaging hormones , you punk ! ( Chung ) But he did take a test , and passed it ? ( Scully ) And he stuck to his story until we got there . If she says I raped her , then I guess I raped her . You don 't sound so sure of that . It all seems so crazy . And I don 't know why Chrissy remembers it that way . Would you be willing to take a lie-detector test to prove that you raped her ? - No . I 'm not . - Well , that 's too bad . The next rape you experience will probably be your own ... in prison . ( Scully ) That should have ended our interrogation . But Mulder brought the girl in for questioning . Are you having trouble sleeping ? Are you experiencing muscle pains ? Vision problems ? Nose bleeds ? When you look at a particular object , _ _ _ _ .do you receive the sudden flash that you 're looking at something else - an alien 's face ? Yes ! ( Scully ) My partner was convinced she had what he calls " Post-Abduction Syndrome " _ ( Chung ) You don 't believe in that ? ( Scully ) I think stress of any kind can cause all of those physical ailments . In any case , Mulder convinced the girl and her parents to let her be hypnotised . What is your opinion of hypnosis ? I know that it has its therapeutic value , but it has never been proven to enhance memory . In fact , it actually worsens it , . _ _ _ .since people in that state are prone to confabulation When I was doing research for my book The Caligarian Candidate ... One of the greatest thrillers ever written . Thank you . I was interested in how the CIA , _ _ . _ .when conducting their MKULTRA mind-control experiments ... _ .back in the ' 50s , ... _ .had no idea how hypnosis worked . - Or what it was . - No one still knows . Still , as a storyteller , .. _ .. I 'm fascinated . How a person 's sense of consciousness can be so transformed ... _ .by nothing more magical than listening to words . Mere words . You are feeling very sleepy . Very relaxed . As your body calmly drifts ... _ .deeper and deeper into a state of peaceful relaxation , .. _ _ .you will respond only to the sound of my voice . ( hypnotist ) Chrissy ? Can you recall where you are ? ( Chrissy ) I 'm in a room ... _ .on a spaceship , . _ _ _ .surrounded by aliens . ( hypnotist ) What do the aliens look like ? ( Chrissy ) They 're small . But their heads and their eyes are big . They 're grey . - ( hypnotist ) Are you alone ? - ( Chrissy ) No . Harold 's on another table . But ... he seems really out of it . Like he 's not really there . What are the aliens doing now ? They seem to be ... arguing . I can sort of hear them , but I can 't understand what they 're saying . Except the leaden I can understand him . When the leader speaks to you , does his mouth move ? ( Chrissy ) No . But I hear him in my head . ( hypnotist ) What does he say ? ( Chrissy ) That this is for the good of my planet , but ... ( hypnotist ) But what ? ( Chrissy ) I don 't like what he 's doing . it 's like he 's inside my mind , like ... _ .like he 's stealing my memories . The description of the aliens , the physical exam , ... _ .a human being that appears switched off , it 's characteristic of a typical abduction . That 's my problem with it , IVlulder . it 's all a little too typical . Abduction lore has become so prevalent ... _ .that if you ask someone to imagine being abducted , they 'd concoct that exact scenario . Yeah , if it were only one person . We have two individuals , each verifying the other 's story . Well , thanks a lot ! You really bleeped up this case . - He didn 't actually say " bleeped " . He said ... - I 'm familiar with , uh ... _ .Detective Manners 's colourful phraseology . - Are you gonna hold the boy ? - You bet your blankety-blank bleep I am ! - The victim seems to confirm his alibi . - The hell she did ! Those kids ' stories couldn 't be more bleepin ' different . ( screaming ) A aghg Chrissy ? Chrissy ? ( screaming continues ) What do you want with us ? - What do you want with us ? ! - How did the alien respond ? Well ... all he did was ... What ... ? - What 's happening ? - Don 'tworry. it 'll be OK . I 'm here to protect you . I 'll never let anything happen to you . ( roaring ) ( Chrissy screams ) What was the other alien - the grey - what was it doing during all this ? He was just ... talking . Telepathically ? No . In English . He just kept saying the same thing over and over again . This is not happening . This is not happening . This is not happening . This is ... Would you shut up already ? ! ( roaring ) ( Harold screams ) This is not happening . This is not happening . I don 't know where I was taken , because the whole time I was like this ... in pain . Because the other alien was conducting torturous experiments on you ? No . No , it was like ... You know when you 're a kid ... _ .and you tore the legs off a bug for no reason ? I guess I was the bug . Anyways , the next thing I remember , I was suddenly outside , .. _ _ .like I was flying through the air . - Then what ? - Then I think I hit the ground . When I came to , I ran to Chrissy 's to make sure she was there , and that she was OK . Harold . Did you and Chrissy engage in consensual sexual intercourse that night ? If her father finds out , I 'm a dead man . He said it happened before the abduction . And so what if they had sex ? So we know that it wasn 't an alien that probed her . You 've got two kids having sex before they 're mature enough to handle it . So you think all this is just a case of sexual trauma ? It 's a lot more plausible than an alien abduction . Especially in light of their contradictory stories . Hey ! I just got a call from some crazy bleep-head ... _ .claiming he was an eyewitness to this abduction . You feel like talking to this blank-hole ? I know how crazy all this sounds , but I don 't care . What I have to say has to be said . Why did you wait till now to tell us this ? Two kids ' lives may be affected by it . Well , it 's bigger than a couple of kids . It has to do with the entire planet , the universe , and who knows what-all ? - Why don 't you tell us what happened ? - This. it 's all here . After seeing what I saw that night , I rushed home and wrote it all down . 48 hours straight . I didn 't wanna forget a single detail . But I feel I should warn you . I don 't wanna be overly dramatic , _ _ . _ .but by looking at this you 're putting your lives in danger . - Why is that ? - Last night the weirdest thing happened . ( clattering ) No other object has been misidentified as a flying saucer ... _ .more often then the planet Venus . Really ? That ... was when I realised something was weird . At which point ? Normally , if two strangers drive into my garage , I tell ' em to get the hell out of it . But this time I didn 't ! It was like I was in a trance or somethin ' _ - What did these men look like ? - Usually I 'm good with faces . But I just remember how they were dressed . All in black ? - How 'd you know ? - Since the ' 50s , _ _ . _ .people who 've had close encounters have reported visitations from " IVIen in Black " . But , you know , myths about men in black garments ... _ .have been recorded throughout history , in many cultures . The Celtic legends are filled with trickster men in black , . _ _ _ .and now anyone who encounters them becomes enchanted . I 'm not sure that modern reconstruction of fairy tales ... _ .lends any more credence to Roky 's testimony . Even the former leader ... _ .of your United States of America , James Earl Carter Jr , .. _ _ .thought he saw a UFO once . But it 's been proven he only saw the planet Venus . - I 'm a Republican . - Venus was at its peak brilliance last night . You probably thought you saw something up in the sky other than Venus , _ _ . _ .but I assure you , it was Venus . I know ... _ .what I saw . Your scientists have yet to discover now neural networks create self-consciousness , _ _ _ _ .let alone now the human brain processes two-dimensional retinal images ... _ .into the three-dimensional phenomenon known as perception . Yet you somehow brazenly declare : " Seeing is believing " ? Mr Crikenson , your scientific illiteracy makes me shudder . And I wouldn 't flaunt your ignorance by telling anyone ... _ .that you saw anything last night other than the planet Venus . Because if you do , you 're a dead man . You can 't threaten me . Must did . This is what they wanted me not to show anyone . Now , if you 'll excuse me ... I have to go pack . - If we need you , where can we find you ? - You won 't find me . " l sat in my stalled truck , frozen in terror , _ _ _ .. watching , as this third alien attacked the other two grey aliens . " " And then it happened . The thing that for ever changed my life . " ( roaring ) ( roaring ) ( distorted ) Roky ! Roky ! Be thou not afraid . - No harm will come unto thee . - What do you want with me ? Your efforts are needed for the sur \ / ival of all earthlings . - Well , how can I do that ? - Come . I shall showethu . Ll - - thee-ll " Before I knew it , I was aboard the hover vessel and was heading into inner space , _ _ _ _ .toward the earth 's molten core , for that is the domain of the third alien , _ _ _ _ .whose name , he soon told me , was Lord Kinbote . " Roky showed signs of being what is known as a fantasy-prone personality . Agent Scully , you are so kind-hearted . - He 's a nut ! I just read his manifesto . - How did you get a copy ? One was sent to my publisher 's _ I don 't know what was most disturbing - his description of the inner-core reincarnated souls ' sex orgy , _ . _ _ .or the fact that the whole thing is written in screenplay format . It definitely was peculiar . Surely your partner didn 't believe any of it ? Mulder 's had his share of peculiar notions . He 's not inclined to dismiss anything outright . - Mulder , you 're nuts ! - I 'm not saying he isn 't delusional . I 'm suggesting that state was triggered by something he witnessed that night . Part of his story verifies the boy 's version . The only account that doesn 't add up is the girl 's . - Who are you calling ? - I 'm gonna have her re-hypnotised . Re-hypnotised ? What for ? To see if her account is what she really remembers . You are feeling very sleepy . Very relaxed . As your body calmly drifts ... _ .deeper and deeper into a state of peaceful relaxation , .. _ _ .you will respond only to the sound of my voice . ( Scully ) So , the girl was put under again to see if she could comlrm the boy 's story . And , as I suspected she might under such conditions , she did . The whole time it 's beating me , I 'm like this . And then I 'm ... I 'm flying through the air . Now what 's happening ? Some men are lifting me off the ground . - IVlen in air-force uniforms . - Air force ? Where are you now , Chrissy ? ( Chrissy ) I 'm in a room , in an ofHce . I 'm surrounded by men . Some are in uniforms . Some are in suits . The one closest to me looks like a docton - He 's talking to me . - ( hypnotist ) What is he saying ? You 're feeling very sleepy . Very relaxed . ( Chrissy ) I don 't remember : - ( hypnotist ) What are the other men doing ? - ( Chrissy ) Arguing . Ask her if the third alien had a Russian accent . This is way beyond their capabilities . This is way beyond our capabilities . Ask if she knows where the saucer went to . - How is she gonna know that ? - Have we located the others ? We 're combing the area , but this weather makes it tough . Au right . Rinse her out , and give her the usual abduction rigamarole ( hypnotist ) What is the doctor doing now ? ( Chrissy ) He 's telling me this is for the good of my country . I don 't like what he 's doing . He 's stealing my memories . I think you and the hypnotherapist were leading her , _ _ . _ .and that there was more confabulation in the second version . I think you 're wrong . But I think you 're right about ... _ .this case not having anything to do with aliens . I got a call from some crazy blankety-blank , claiming he found a real live dead alien body . I know how crazy this is gonna sound , but ... _ .I wanna be abducted by aliens . Why ? Whatever for ? I hate this town . I hate ... people . I just wanna be taken away to some place where I ... _ .I don 't have to worry about finding a job . - So you were out in the field that night ? - Looking for UFOs . ( boy ) There 'd been some recent sightings there , so I was hoping to stumble across one . A aghg Now , I 've read every book ever written about UFOs and aliens , - -- _ .not because I had to , but because I wanted to . I should have known to just go get my video camera then , - - . _ .instead of " notifying the proper authorities " . ( Chung ) What was wrong with doing that ? ( boy ) The proper authorities showed up with a couple of Men in Black . One of them was disguised as a woman , but wasn 't pulling it off Like , her hair was red , ... _ .but it was a little too red , you know ? And the other one - the tall , lanky one - his face was so blank and expressionless , he didn 't even seem human . I ... I think he was a " mandroid " _ The only time he reacted was when he saw the dead body . ( ye / PS ) Yeah , that 's a bleepin ' dead alien body if I ever bleepin ' saw one . ( Scully ) Wrap it up . You never saw this . This didn 't happen . You tell anyone , you 're a dead man . - He said I said what ? - He claimed you threatened him . That 's ridiculous ! I 'm _ .. And besides , we allowed him to view the autopsy . Whoa ! - Hey ! Hey ! - You can 't suppress the truth ! The people have a right to know ! Roswell . Roswell ! Hey ! Does that camera work ? Is this actual footage of the alien autopsy ... _ .or simply a well-made hoax ? So this is footage of the actual autopsy you performed ? It 's so embarrassing . Who is that mysterious man who seems to be overseeing the proceedings ? And what secret government agency does this autopsy doctor work for ? But , see , whoever got a hold of this footage edited it in such a way ... _ .as to delete all the significant findings . There appear to be two layers of epidermis . There 's a metal strip ... that runs just under the top layer , down the ... It 's a zipper . You mean it ... it 's just a dead human being ? Well ... Well , then , who is this bleep ? I don 't know , but I bet we can find his ID from the military database . - Have you seen our video cameraman ? - No , but I found our alien 's ID . You were right , IVlulder . Air Force Major Robert Vallee . That was fast . Agent Mulder ? We were notified one of our officers was here under your custody ? Who notified you ? Major Vallee 's AWOL , sir . Our orders are to escort him back to the base . The major is dead . His body is being detained for investigation . - Investigation into what , ma 'am ? - Possible kidnapping . - May we at least view the body ? - I don 't see why n ... No . But you can talk to the other AWOL pilot that was brought in with him . Lieutenant Jack Sheaf fer is in your custody ? That 's right . Yeah , he 's right down ... here . Oh . He was here just a few minutes ago . I ... I guess he 's still AWOL . You wanna take a look at Vallee ? Hm . Guess he 's still AWOL . - So what else is new ? - I gotta find that video guy . - ( Scully ) The wound is situated left.-. - ( knock at door ) Who is it ? Hey ! You Crucially . _ What do you think you 're doin ' ? Hey , I ... You have no right to suppress this ! Roswell ! Roswell ! ( boy ) I was unconscious for .. I don 't know how long . And the only reason I came to was ... - Where 's the tape ? - They took it ! - Who ? ! - The other IVlen in Black . If I find out you lied to me , you 're a dead man . And then he left . I never saw any of them again . Aren 't you nervous telling me all this , after receiving all those death threats ? I didn 't spend years playing Dungeons and Dragons ... _ .and not learn a little something about courage . Hm . ( Scully ) After not recovering the tape , Mulder headed back to the motel . That 's when his account of things gets a little ... odd . Lieutenant Jack Sheaf fer ? This is not happening ! It 's not happening ! This is not happening . It 's not happening . It 's not happening . The Germans projected the image of the Virgin Mary ... _ .over French trenches in World War I. The enemy 's always willing to fire upon an invading force , ... _ .but on a holy miracle ? Or on visitors from outer space ? Yeah . The enemy sees an American recon plane , they start shootin ' _ They see a flying saucer from another galaxy , _ _ . _ .they hesitate . You know what happens to most people after seeing a UFO ? They experience missing time . Any number of soft-option kills 'll do it . Nerve gas , low-frequency infrasouncl beams . Hell , with high-powered microwaves , ... _ .we can not only cut enemy communications , _ .. _ .we can cook internal organs . But abductions ? Don 't know as much about ' em . I 'm just the pilot . You ever flown a flying saucer ? Afterwards , sex seems trite . But what do you do with the abductees ? Take ' em back to the base . Let the doctors work on ' em . Nothin ' physical . They just mess with their minds . Hypnosis . At the base , I seen people go into an ordinary room with an ordinary bunch of doctors , _ _ _ _ .and come out absolutely positive they were probed by aliens . If abductions are an intelligence operation , and UFOs are secret military airsnips ... _ .piloted by " aliens " such as yourself , then what were you abducted by ? Don 't you get it ? I 'm absolutely positive me , my copilot and those two kids were abducted . But I can 't be absolutely sure it happened . I can 't be sure of anything any more . What do you mean ? I 'm not sure we 're having this conversation . I don 't know if these mashed potatoes are really here . I don 't know if you even exist . I can only assure you that I do . Well ... thanks , buddy . Unfortunately , I can 't give you the same assurance about me . ( door opens ) Well , looks like I 'm a dead man . It can 't all be fake memory implantation . What about that third alien ? What was that thing ? - Who ? Lord Kinbote ? - ( ofHceU Right , come on . That is odd . Because almost every day I was there , _ .. _ .I ate lunch at that diner , and became dear friends with the cook . He told me a story about the night you 're talking about . A man came into his place . Sat down . Ordered sweet-potato pie . IdentiHed himself as FBI Agent Mulden He then questioned my friend . Have you ever seen a UFO in these parts ? He then ordered piece after piece , each time asking another question . Have you ever experienced a period of missing time ? Have you ever had the suspicion that you 've been abducted by aliens ? Have you ever found a metal implant in your body ? Have you checked everywhere ? He ate a whole pie in that fashion , then got up and left . My friend never saw him again . The cook didn 't mention Lieutenant Sheaf fen let alone any other air-force personnel . You seem non-nonplussed by these contradictions . Well , not after what happened when Mulder got back to the motel . Scully . - Where 's Scully ? - Oh , she , uh ... she went to get some ice . Where is she ? ! Scully , what 's going on here ? They have something important to tell you . Some alien encounters are hoaxes , created by your government to manipulate the public . Some hoaxes are intentionally revealed to manipulate the truth seekers ... _ .who become discredited if they disclose the deliberately absurd deception . Similar things are said about the IVIen in Black : they purposely behave strangely ... _ .so that if anyone describes an encounter with them they sound like a lunatic . I find no reason why anyone would think you crazy if you described this meeting of ours . You 're feeling very sleepy . Very ... relaxed . Alex Trebek ? The game-show host ? Mulder didn 't say that it was Alex Trebek . It was someone that looked incredibly like him . Did he ? I mean , you were there . Well , not exactly . I don 't have any recollection of this . I ... was surprised to wake up the next morning to find Mulder asleep in my room . Oh . But , Mulder , I don 't even remember letting you in . I told you , you didn 't let me in . They were already here . ( phone rings ) Scully . We 'll be right there . That was Detective Manners . He said they just found your bleeping ' UFO . Apparently , that was the cause of the UFO sightings three nights ago . They refused our assistance because it 's a top-secret experimental plane . They don 't want our assistance . They want witnesses to their alibi . Excuse me , ma 'am _ Hey ! That was the guy that was ... Bleep ! I know it probably doesn 't have the sense of closure that you want . But it has more than some of our other cases . Agent Mulder ? Thanks . What can I do for you , Agent Mulder ? Don 't write this book . You 'll do a disservice to afield of inquiry that struggles for respectability . You 're a gifted writer , but you couldn 't describe those events realistically - they deal with alternative realities that we don 't yet comprehend . When presented in the wrong context , ... _ .the incidents and people involved in them can appear foolish , _ _ _ _ .if not downright psychotic . Your publisher 's is owned by Warden White Inc , a subsidiary of IVIacDougall-Keeler , .. _ _ .which makes me suspect an agenda on the part of the military-industrial-entertainment .. _ Agent Mulder , this book will be written . But it can only benefit if you can explain something to me . What 's that ? What really happened to those kids on that night ? How the hell should I know ? Agent Mulder , I appreciate this little visit , but I have deadlines to face . ( Chung ) Evidence of extraterrestrial existence remains as elusive as ever But the skies will continue to be searched by the likes of Blaine Faulknen ... _ .hoping to some day Hnd not only proof of alien life ... _ .but also contentment on a new world . Until then , he must be content with his new job . A aghg Others search for answers from within . Roky relocated to El Cajon , California , preaching to the lost and desperate . And so , at each death , the soul descends further into the inner eartn , _ _ _ _ .attaining ever greater levels of purification , ... _ .reaching enlightenment at the core . Assuming , of course , that your soul is able to avoid the Lava IVIen _ ( Chung ) Seeking the truth about aliens means a perfunctory nine-to-Eve job to some , - -- _ .for although Agent Diana Lesky is noble of spirit and pure at heart , ... _ .she remains , nevertheless , a federal employee . As for her partner ; Reynard Mu / drake , a ticking time bomb of insanity , - -- _ - his quest into the unknown has so warped his psyche , - -- _ .one shudders to think how he receives any pleasures from life . Chrissy Giorgio now believes her alien visitation ... _ .was a message to improve the condition of her world , _ _ _ _ .and she has devoted herself to this goal wholeheartedly . ( tap at window ) Oh , it 's you . What do you want ? - I just wanted to tell you ... I still love you . - Love . Is that all you men think about ? Then there are those who care not about extraterrestrials , _ _ _ _ .searching for meaning in other human beings . Rare or lucky are those who End it . For ; although we may not be alone in the universe , " _ - in our own separate ways , on this planet , - -we are all.- - alone - Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
