 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi When I began my field research here these frogs were thriving . Since then the adult population has dropped to fewer than 200 . If you don 't take protective measures , in a few years ... _ .Rana sphenocephala will be extinct here . Frog populations are declining all over the globe , Dr Faraday . No one knows why . We can 't place them all on the endangered species list . You 'd find a way if it were cute , furry mammals we were talking about . Regardless , your study remains inconclusive . Speculative , at best . You have no evidence the frog depopulation is the sole result of human encroachment . A frog holocaust is currently being executed , Dr Bailey . And man is the executioner . You 're a biologist , Faraday . You 've never heard of survival of the fittest ? Well , don 't forget that rule also applies to mankind ! You can 't turn your back on nature ! Or nature will turn her back on you ! Ah , dammit ! Freakin ' beeper _ ( wings flapping ) ( beeping ) ( rustle , crunching ) Argh ! No ! No ! No ! Argh ! ( whimpering ) - Nature 's calling . We should pull over soon . - Did you really have to bring that thing ? You wake me up on a Saturday morning , tell me to be ready in five minutes , ... _ .my mom 's away , all dog-sitters are booked , and you know how I feel about kennels . So , unless you wanna lose your deposit on the car , I suggest we pull over . All right . I 'm lost anyway . I gotta stop and ask for directions . I know I 'm lost as to why you 're so interested in this missing-persons case . Dr Bailey works for the US Forestry Service . It makes his disappearance a federal case . It 's notjurisdiction I 'm questioning . Dr Bailey 's not the first person to go missing from the lake . Two weeks ago a Boy Scout troop was out here fossil-hunting . Their troop leader went to relieve himself , and hasn 't been heard from since . So you think there 's a serial killer at large ? The operative word being large . - What are you leaving out ? - Why d 'you think I 'm leaving anything out ? Multiple missing-persons cases are not that uncommon . Why this one warrants a flight halfway across the country and a two-hour drive 's a mystery ! Oh , tell me you 're not serious ! According to the sheriff 's report , you were the last person to see Dr Bailey alive . That 's what they tell me . You argued over an endangered species petition . Bailey was the worst kind of hypocrite . Closest ne came to communing with nature was subscribing to National Geographic . - You sound bitter , Dr Faraday . - Of course I 'm bitter . The man wrote off three years of carefully collected data in a two-hour inspection . Which doesn 't mean I plotted his demise . That is what you were suggesting . Aside from having a motive , you don 't seem too upset . You expect me to cry for one man when entire species are on the brink of extinction ? You know the wildlife in and around this lake as well as anybody , don 't you ? I 'd say that 's accurate . Are you aware of any indigenous species that 's capable of attacking a human being ? YSS . - Another human being . - Aside from that . Is there a creature that ... Has anyone ever told you two you have a great problem coming to the point ? OK . In your work , have you come across any evidence ... _ .that lends support to the existence of this creature they call Big Blue ? See , this is what always happens . This is how it starts . - What ? - The deflection , sleight of hand . Whenever an issue requires any real thought or mental effort , ... _ .people turn to UFOs and sea serpents and sasquatch . Afternoon talk shows and tabloid TV - they 've reduced our attention span so much ... _ .that soon our ability to think will be as extinct as the Rana sphenocepnala frog . I 'll take that diatribe to mean you don 't believe in the existence of such a creature . I won 't even grace that with a reply . A prehistoric animal in a lake is not without precedent . Last August they pulled a bull shark from Lake Onota in Massachusetts . An anomaly , which proves nothing . It only serves as fodder for pseucloscientistsm _ .with nothing better to do than chase fairy tales . Excuse me . ( Mulder ) Lake creatures have been reported for centuries in many countries . From the monsters in Loch Ness and Sniel , to the Ogopogo in Lake Okanagan . ( Scully ) And Lake Champlain , Lagarfljét , Iceland ... - Sounds like you know about the subject . - I did as a kid , _ _ _ _ .but then I grew up and became a scientist . Some grown-up cryptozoologists think it 's an evolutionary throwback , possibly prehistoric . - An aquatic dinosaur . - A plesiosaur , actually . Though , admittedly , there 's not a lot of hard evidence to back that up . You know why ? Because those creatures don 't exist . They are folk tales born out of some collective fear of the unknown . How many folk tales do you know that could eat a Boy Scout leader and a biologist ? Check this out , Scully . It looks an insect casing or carapace Something from a beetle . - ( man ) How can I help you folks ? - We 're looking for the Lakeview Cabins . Oh , you passed the turn-off a few miles back . It 's pretty tough to find . A map might help . Oh , they 're $ 2.50 each , plus Uncle Sam . Fine . If you don 't mind my sayin ' , don 't look like you 're here for the trout . No . We 're with the FBI . We 're investigating two missing-persons reports . Oh , yeah . Yeah . That 's big news round here . Everybody 's been talkin ' about it . - What are they saying ? - Same thing they 've been saying for years . I 'm not one for spreading rumours . The truth is , I 've heard the stories since I was a kid . - About Big Blue ? What Kind of Stories ? - \ / \ / ell , ... _ .I was ten years old , fishin ' with my daddy , _ _ _ _ .and I heard a big commotion clear across the lake . A wailing sound , the likes of which I had never heard before - haven 't heard since . My daddy told me later it was a cow who 'd escaped and was drinking by the lake ... _ .when Old Blue came up and snatched her right off the bank . - That 's quite a story . - Well , that 's just one . Those stories must sell a lot of T-shirts . Well , a man 's gotta survive . Do you believe those stories ? Every man 's gotta look at the evidence , decide for himself . - ( door opens ) - But if you wanna ask a real expert , _ _ _ you should probably talk to Ansel here . He 's out there practically every day . It was his daddy 's cow that got eaten . Can you get these developed by tomorrow ? Give me another five rolls . Put ' em on my tab . These folks are with the FBI , Ansel . They 're looking into that unsolved mystery of how those people disappeared . Unsolved mystery ? - Since wnen 's it a mystery ? - So you think Big Blue 's responsible ? Don 't you ? Have you ever actually seen it ? Not directly , no . But I aim to . One day I 'll be in the right place at the right time , and I will snap a shot of that monster . There we go . If you hit Striker 's Cove , you 've gone too far . - ( door opens ) - Call the sheriff ! We got a floaterl It 's Scott Moosley , the Boy Scout troop leader . - Well , his fly 's undone . - Are you insinuating something ? No . IVlost drowning victims have high levels of alcohol in them and their flies unzipped . While urinating over the sides of boats , they lose their balance , fall in and drown . It still doesn 't explain why half of him is still missing . - Looks like something took a big bite . - Maybe not so big . - What do you mean ? - Fish eat decomposing matter . Any body suspended in this environment for a period of time will become a food source . We eat fish and fish eat us . Are fish also known for eating half and saving half for later ? ( rustling ) ( splashing ) Argh ! Oh , God , no ! No ! Argh ! No ! Help me ! Help me ! Argh ! ( screaming ) ( camera clicking ) - ( Ansel ) Like I said , I recognised his hat . - How could you not ? There 's Ted Bertram 's four-by parked a mile up that way , here 's his hat , _ _ _ _ .and here 's these tracks . Know what I 'm sayin ' ? I mean , look at the size of these tracks . Mulder , this is Sheriff Lance Head . Wait . Watch out ... watch out for the tracks . Careful . Watch out where you 're walking . Queequeg _ Pleasure . Ansel , why don 't you go check the woods ? Today 's the day , Sheriff . - I 'm gonna get him . - ( sighs ) Yeah . - Any sign of Ted Bertram ? - No . I 'm notjumping to conclusions . Speakin' of which , I hear you want to close the lake . Just until we figure out what 's going on . Well , I can tell you what 's goin ' on . Same thing that goes on every year . Fishermen get drunk , they drown . Folks get run over by a powerboat . Hell , on a lake this size you 'll have eight , nine deaths a season . It 's a statistical fact . But you got two or three in as many weeks . I 'd say you 're outside your bell cur \ / e , Sheriff . Agent ... I \ / Iulcler ? Mulder ? This lake has 48 miles of shoreline . I got four deputies full time . Now , to close down a lake this size , . _ _ _ _ hell , you 'd have to call out the National Guard for that to happen . - You 'd need irrefutable proof . - And these tracks ? A creature as large as the one you 're looking for would have left much deeper impressions . Queequeg ! Queequeg , come back here ! Queequeg ! ( whimpering ) - Mulder ! Sheriff , come take a look at this . - ( Sheriff ) What you got ? - There 's your lake monster , Mulder . - That 's what it looks like . - It 's all a hoax . - I 'll be damned ! Sure seems like it . Yeah , but what happened to the hoaxer ? ( man ) I saw it on the Discovery Channel . They got , like , this whole , you know , cult built up around these tree toads . The skin 's got these hallucinogenic properties - let 's you see all these visions . It 's really spiritual . Yeah ? I don 't know . It 's supposed to take the doors of perception and swing them so wide open , you know . Plus you get to see all these really cool streaks and trails and crap . Well ? - Are you sure that 's even a toad ? - Argh ! Dude , what 's wrong with you ? ! You made me drop my toad ! Chill out , man . I 'll get you another one . How long till we get down to Lauderdale ? ( screaming ) Dude ! Oh ... No ! Dude ? Oh ... ( Sheriff ) How about you ? Neither of you can remember anything ? - Great ( ! ) - If this is a hoax , it 's an elaborate one . I got zip out of them - no tellin ' what they 've been smokin ' ! What 's it look like ? It 's hard to tell without an autopsy , but it looks like propeller damage from a boat . - Well , this is a designated boating area . - 20 feet from shore and twice in one day ? Mulder , look at it out there . it 's like rush hour . I think you 're ignoring the obvious . What about Ted Bertram ? He might 've stepped in something and bled into those funny shoes . He 's probably so embarrassed be doesn 't want to show his face . Is that the psychological approach to crime solving ? Regardless of what I believe , there 's no hard evidence that it 's what you believe . ( Ansel ) I see your true colours Shining through I see your true colours And that 's why I love you So don 't be afraid To show your true Blue Colours OK , Big Blue , you 're mine . Today 's the day ! _ .colours And that 's why I love you Crap ! Jesus ! Argh ! This has been exposed . Can you develop it ? Yes , sir . Three in one day . Driving from crime scene to crime scene is giving me highway hypnosis . - Close down the lake . - I done told you once . It ain 't that simple . I just ain 't got the manpower . Furthermore , . _ _ .. I 'm not at all convinced we 're dealing with an aquatic menace . He 's right . Those two sets of remains we 've found so far are inconclusive . We really need to find this body . My thoughts exactly , ma 'am . If you 'll give us a couple more minutes ... - Argh ! - Sheriff ! Sheriff ! ( ofHceU You all right , Sheriff ? Are you OK , Sheriff ? Something ... Something brushed up against me out there . Something big ... - Close the lake ! - Right , Sheriff . Call the State Police and the Wildlife , Fish and Game . You tell ' em we got an emergency situation ! Looks like Ansel took ' em during the attack . I agree . I just wish that he gave us something more . Whoa ... Look at this . Could this be a tooth ? Yeah . It could be a lot of things , Mulder . 15 years of fruitless hunting , and all the guy comes up with is a blurry picture of a tooth ? There are thousands of pictures here , Scully . There 's gotta be some visual evidence somewhere . Here , go through these . Mulder , these are just a bunch of poorly composed tourist shots . That could be something . - A tooth ? - ( whimpering ) I 'm taking Queequeg for a walk . - Want me to come with you ? - I 'll be fine . - Good night , Mulder . - All right . I 'll see you in the morning . Come on , Queequeg _ ( sighs ) Queequeg , we 're not gonna go into the woods . Come on , do your business . I thought you had to go . Queequeg ! What is it ? Queequeg ! Where are you going ? Queequeg ! Queequeg , come back here ! Queequeg ! Queequeg ! - Queequeg ! - ( barking ) ( whimpering ) ( growling ) - Quee _ . _ ? - ( squealing ) Queeq . _ _ Quee _ _ _ ( 93595 ) I 'm sorry about Queequeg _ - I 've learned something from these photos . - Mulder ... They 're not pictures of the monster , but of the lake - locations where the creature 's been sighted over the past several years . Look . Five years ago all the sightings occurred in the centre of the lake . But the sightings have moved closer to shore , .. _ _ .until this year they 're practically on the shore . Could you repeat the last part again ? I faded out . Which ... which part ? After you said " I 'm sorry . " Can you drive a boat ? - It 's too bad we 're not out here fishing . - We are fishing . - You really expect to find this thing . - You wanna head right ... here . I 'll take that as a yes . I know the difference between expectation and nope . " Seek and ye shall find , " Scully . On old mariners ' maps , the cartographers would designate uncharted territories ... _ .by writing " Here be monsters . " I have a map of New York Cityjust like that . ( beeping ) - What was that ? - It ain 't no bass . What is that ? What is that , Mulder ? - There be monsters , Scully . - It looks like it 's coming straight at us . Yup . That 's what it looks like . Mayday ! Mayday ! Can anybody read me ? This is a distress call from the Patricia Rae ! PA7A3A27 ! - I 'm on ... - ( crashing ) - Mayday ! Mayday ! - Scully , let 's get outta here ! ( Scully ) There goes our $ 500 deposit . ( sighs ) I say we swim to shore . - Swim ? - Yeah . The shore can 't be too far from here . In which direction ? Yeah . You know , living in the city , you forget that night is actually so , uh , dark . Living in a city , you forget a lot of things . There you 're always thinking about being mugged or nit by a car . It 's not until you get back to nature until you realise everything is out to get you . That 's why Father always taught me to ... respect nature - cos it has no respect for you . ( splashing ) ( splash , bubbling ) That was him , Scully . That was Big Blue . So what if it was ? Mulder , what are we doing here ? What do you mean " What are we doing here ? " What are you hoping to accomplish ? So many of the things we investigate are intangible , _ _ _ _ .but this creature exists within the specific earthly confines of this lake . - And I wanna find it . - What for ? You 're a scientist . Why do you ask that ? It would be miraculous . It could revolutionise evolutionary biological thinking . Is that really the reason why ? You know when you showed me those pictures that the photographer took ? Wanna know what I really saw in them ? - A tooth ? - No . You . That man is your future . Listening only to himself , hoping to glimpse the truth for who knows what reason . I read in his journals that he hoped to live off the copyright fees from a Big Blue photo . As dumb as it sounds , at least it 's a legitimate reason . You don 't think my reasons are legitimate ? Mulder , sometimes I just can 't figure them out . ( splashing ) Mulder ! ( quacking ) ( laughs ) I 'm still tempted to fire . Hey , Scully , d 'you think you could ever cannibalise someone ? I mean , if you really had to ? Well , as much as the idea 's abhorrent to me , .. _ _ .I suppose under certain conditions the living entity is practically conditioned ... _ .to perform whatever extreme measures are necessary to ensure its survival . I suppose I 'm no different . You 've lost some weight recently . Yeah , actually , I have . Thanks for ... ( chuckles ) But it is amazing what some animals will do to guarantee the continuation of the species . A creature of this size must have adapted its behaviour ... _ .to minimise its chances of being seen by its only predator - us . This coming closer to shore for its prey must be an act of desperation on its part . Poor Queequeg _ Why did you name the dog Queequeg ? It was the name of the harpoonist in Moby Dick . My father used to read to me from Moby Dick when I was a little girl . I called him Ahab and he called me Starbuck . So I named my dog Queequeg _ That 's funny . I just realised something . - That 's a bizarre name for a dog , huh ? - No . How much you 're like Ahab . You 're so consumed by your personal vengeance against life , . _ _ _ .whether it be its cruelties or its mysteries , . _ _ _ .that everything takes on a warped significance ... _ .to fit your megalomaniacal cosmology . Are you coming on to me ? It 's just ... the truth or a white whale - what difference does it make ? Both obsessions are impossible to capture , . _ _ _ .and trying to do so will only leave you dead , along with everyone else you bring with you . You know , Mulder , you are Ahab . It 's interesting you should say that - I always wanted a peg leg . It 's a boyhood thing I never grew out of . I 'm not being flippant . I 've given it a lot of thought . If you have a peg leg or hooks for hands , maybe it 's enough to simply carry on living , ... _ .bravely facing life with a disability . It 's heroic just to survive . But without these things , you 're expected to make something of your life - earn a raise , wear a necktie . So , if anything , I 'm actually the antithesis of Ahab ... _ .because if I did have a peg leg , I 'd quite possibly be more happy ... _ .and not feel the need to chase after creatures of the unknown . - And that 's not flippant ? - ( laughs ) No . Flippant is my favourite line from Moby Dick . " Hell is an idea first born on an undigested apple dumplingf ' Yeah ? ( splashing ) ( plop , then splashing ) - What was that ? - I don 't know , but it ain 't no duck . ( Scully gasps ) ( splash ) I thought I heard voices . What are you two doing out here ? - Dr Faraday ? - Hope I 'm not interrupting anything . No . No ! We had a little trouble with our boat . Actually , it sank . - How 'd that happen ? - ( Scully ) It was my fault . We 'd have been here all night if you hadn 't answered our distress call . I didn 't . I was walking by . I heard you talking . - Walking by ? - Yeah . Yeah , the shore is just a stone 's throw from here . Come on . I 'll take you back . It was just out of fuel . The sheriff 'll be along in a minute . I 'd drive you myself , but I got work to do . What exactly is it that you 're doing out here ? It 's well after midnight . Night is Rana sphenocephala 's most active period . This is its primary breeding ground . Or at least it used to be . Thousands of eggs used to cling to these reeds . Beautiful jelly clusters . Now one must turn over many a leaf in order to find potential offspring . - What 's in the sack ? - Adult frogs . I 've been breeding them in captivity and releasing them into the wild . - This is Striker 's Cove ? - IVlm-hm . - The frogs . - I beg your pardon . The unexplained depletion of frogs originates from this cove . It 's the food chain . - What about it ? - If you alter one life form in an ecosystem , ... _ .the rest is necessarily affected , either by an increase or decrease . So if an aquatic dinosaur primarily ate frogs , ... _ .then if those frogs became scarce , it 'd have to turn to an alternative food source . - Humans . - Agent Mulder , .. _ _ .you are taking my legitimate research and basic biological principle ... _ .and stretching them out of proportion , in an effort to give validity to a ludicrous theory . There is no prehistoric lake monster . This creature lives here . That explains the frogs ' disappearance - for which you have no explanation , ludicrous or not - and the human attacks . That 's crazy ! If something was in these waters , you don 't think I would 've seen it ? I 've worked here for three years ! I 'm talking about an animal that 's gone unnoticed for centuries . If it knows anything , it knows how to hide . They say the Loch Ness Monster doesn 't even live in the water , but in cliffs . Maybe Big Blue has an inland habitat , somewhere in the rocks or in this forest here . I have no time for these absurdities . If you 'll excuse me , I have some amphibians to release . Well , captain , what now ? ( Sheriff ) Agent Scully ! Agent IVlulder ! There 's been another death . And this time it does appear to be an animal attack . Bit a fisherman 's arm off . - Where ? - Other side of the lake , couple of hours ago . I have the cooperation of the State Police , _ _ . _ .plus the full use of all the Wildlife , Fish and Game vessels . A search is underway . No . We need those men searching this cove and these woods . But I got 30 boats on the water . If we 're gonna kill this ... We gotta sweep this cove . It 's here at Striker 's Cove . The boats are searching the area of the latest attack . I 'm not gonna move ' em . If you wanna waste your time searching these woods , go ahead . I got me a lake monster to catch . ( woman over radio ) Sheriff this is Dispatch . Sheriff , _ _ _ _ .Agent Mulder and I would appreciate it if you could spare two men to assist us here . All right . I 'll send ' em on back . Thanks . ( rustle , then screaming ) What was that ? Dr Faraday . Argh ! - What happened ? - I think something grabbed my leg . Agh ! - Did you see it ? - No . ( groans ) It came from behind me . Before I knew it , it was shaking me back and forth . Then it let go . Give me your belt . I didn 't wanna believe you . Oh ! You nicked an artery . We gotta get him to a hospital . He 's losing blood . - Where did it go ? - I didn 't see it . Agh ! I think I heard ... It went through those reeds there . - Mulder , help is coming . - You take care of him , Scully . Mulder ! ( sighs ) ( groans ) ( twig snaps ) ( movement ) ( Ora Ck ! ) Alligator ... ( voice over radio ) IVlillikan County , unit three ... ( Sheriff ) All right then . Go ahead . How 's Dr Faraday ? He 'll be fine . - How are you ? - I 'm fine . Well , you slew the big white whale , Ahab . - Yeah , but I still don 't have that peg leg . - How can you be disappointed ? That alligator would 've gone through the local population . I know . I guess I just wanted Big Blue to be real . I guess I see hope in such a possibility . Well , there 's still hope . That 's why these myths and stories have endured . People wanna believe . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
