 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi There is an ancient Indian saying ... _ .that something lives only as long as the last person who remembers it . My people have come to trust memory over history . Memory , like Ere , is radiant and immutable , " - _ while history serves only those who seek to control it , - -- _ .those who would douse the flame of memory ... _ - in order to put out the dangerous Ere of truth - Beware these men , for they are dangerous themselves , " _ .and unwise . Their false history is written in the blood of those who might rememben . " _ .and of those who seek the truth . Let 's go ! Get down ! Get down ! Don 't move ! On your knees ! Hands behind your head ! - I wanna know where Mulder is ! - I don 't know . His car is parked outside ! He was here ! I want Mulder and I want those files ! You will find nothing here . What happened ? There were men . They were looking for your partner . Where is he ? Mulder ! Out of the car ! Come on ! Hands on top ! Spread your legs ! - Where 's Agent Mulder ? - Turn and face away ! Where are the files ? In the trunk . - We need the DAT copy . - I don 't have it . Who has it ? Agent Mulder . Let 's go ! It is the recommendation of the OfHce of Professional Conduct ... _ .that Special Agent Dana Scully be given a mandatory leave of absence ... _ .until the full detail of her misconduct can be calculated . This summary action is justified under the OPC articles of review ... _ .and Agent Scully will complete her suspension of duty without pay or benefits ... _ .due to the nature of her insubordination ... _ .and the direct disobedience of her superior agents . We will have to ask that you check your weapon and your badge ... _ .before you leave the building , Agent Scully . Make yourself available to answer further questions on Agent Mulder 's whereabouts . I 've told you everything I know . To the best of my knowledge , Agent Mulder is dead . Don 't think this hasn 't been difficult for everyone . Agent Scully ! Who are these people ? They 're doing their job . They 're putting an official stamp on the perpetuation of a lie ! They 're following protocol , which you and Agent Mulder did not ! And the people poisoning Mulder 's water ? Whose protocol was that ? - The investigation ... - Will be an exercise ! The men who killed Agent Mulder and his father aren 't meant to be found . We will find them . With all due respect , I think you overestimate your position in the chain of command . Where were the safeguards against this ? These files were never to be seen . Forty years of work . The damage could be incalculable . - The damage is done . - Gentlemen , we have control . The files have been recovered and the men involved in the theft have been removed . There is a matter of concern with the FBI . We 'll handle that internally , as usual . The media attention will amount to a few scattered obituaries . The Mulder problem . Special Agent Mulder is dead . His body will not be recovered . He 'll be listed as missing until the matter can be resolved quietly . And we 've recovered the copy of the stolen computer files ? YSS . Then the pertinent parties should be informed and we can continue with our work . - Dana ! - Hi , Mom . What are you doing with your shoes ? They started to give me blisters , so ... You walked here at this time of night ? Oh , Mom ... - What is it , Dana ? - I 've made a terrible mistake . Dad would be so ashamed of me . The men who had come and threatened us did not return to our house again . But the following day some of the boys from the reservation-- - _ .came to tell us they had seen buzzards flying out near the quany . " _ .where Eric had Hrst encountered the men . The buzzard is a large but cowardly bird . It does not work for its prey letting others provide the kill . When I see them circling in the desert , ... _ .this can only mean that something has died and they are going to pick its bones . Or that death is close ... _ .and they are waiting for it to do its work for them . We did not see what they sam ... _ .but I remembered something I had seen as a younger man . Just as my grandson had done , ... - -I too had found a body at the quarry , - H _ .in a hole , half buried under rocks . But even the buzzards , who will eat anything , ... . _ would not touch it . This spot is where we found what the buzzards had come for We could not tell at first who or what it was , .. _ _ .but I knew what the buzzards knew : that the smell of death was upon it . The desert does not forgive man his weakness . Weak or strong , it takes no mercy and can kill a man in less than a day . ( speaks Navajo ) To survive , one must develop skin like leathen ... _ - know where to End water and when to take shelter : The FBI man would have surely died had he not stayed underground , _ .. _ .protected like the jack rabbit or the fox . Even so , death was near In accordance with our ancient traditions , " _ _ we put four oak twigs on the beams of the hogan - .. .. to summon the Holy People and tell them that a ceremony will be held . It is called the Blessing Way chant . Only the Holy People can save the FBI man 's life now . He is in their hands . ( doorbell ) Frohike . I know it 's late , but I heard the news . Maybe I should go . Pardon my presumptuousness . How much have you had to drink ? Do you recycle ? He was a good friend . A redwood among mere sprouts . I guess this means he 's passing you the torch . I 'm afraid not . I 'm soon to be out of a job . Those sons of bitches ! They 're rigging the game . And , like rats , they just scatter back into the woodpile _ - The rats that killed the cat . - What 's this ? It 's a news item about Kenneth Soona , aka The Thinker . The man who hacked the MJ files . The ones he gave to Mulder . " Kenneth J Soona was killed execution-style ... _ .in what appears to be a professional murder , .. _ _ .his body found in the Trenton city landfill . " What 's the date on this ? This was the day before yesterday . This is after Mulder disappeared . Could they be so stupid ? This healing ritual called the Blessing Way ... _ .has been passed down by our ancient Navajo ancestors . Its songs and prayers must be followed just as they have been for centuries . Or the Holy People will not be summoned . I watched my father perform the chants as a young boy ... _ .and saw their healing magic . But my fear for the FBI man was that his spirit did not want to be healed . That it wished to join the spirit of his own father who had died ... _ .and did not want to return to the world of the living . His body has become tired and weak , and it searches for rest . ( chanting ) If the struggle to continue is too hard ... _ .or the wish to join his ancestors too strong , _ _ . _ .the body will give up . But if the desire to resume life burns brightly enough , _ _ _ _ .the Holy People will be merciful . The days and nights now will be long and difHcult for the FBI man ... _ .as the Holy People come and help him to choose . I was first struck by the absence of time , . _ _ _ .having depended on it so completely as a measure of myself and my life . Moving backwards into the perpetual night , it consumes purpose and deed , ... _ .all passion and will . I come to you , old friend , with the dull clarity of the dead , . _ _ _ .not to beckon you , . _ _ _ .but to feel the fire and intensity ... _ .that still live in you . And the heavy weight of your burdens , which I had once borne . There is truth , you know , friend , if that 's all you seek . But there 's no justice orjudgment , without which truth is a vast ... _ _ dead _ _ _ _ hollow . Go back . Do not look into the abyss or let the abyss look into you . Awaken the sleep of reason , and fight the monsters within and without . ( panicked screeching ) ( screeching continues ) Hello , son . I did not dare hope to see you so soon . Or ever again hope to broker fate ... _ .with a life to which I gave life . The lies I told you ... _ .were a pox and poison to my soul . And now you are here because of them . Lies I thought might bury for ever a truth I could not live with . I stand here , ashamed of the choices I made so long ago ... _ .when you were just a boy . You are the memory , Fox . It lives in you . If you were to die now , _ _ _ _ .the truth will die . And only the lies survive us . My sister ... Is she here ? No . The thing that would destroy me , .. _ _ .the truth I felt you must never learn , _ _ _ _ .is the truth you will find ... _ .if you are to go forward . ( tour guide ) OK , step through the metal detector and we 'll begin the tour . This facility is the J Edgar Hoover Building . It was finished in ' I 974 and built on the site of the original FBI headquarters . There 's a display on the " Ten Most Wanted " _ You might see a few of your relatives there ! If you have any questions , I 'll do my best to answer them . Makin ' you come in the front door these days , Agent Scully ? For now . ( beep ) - Are you carrying your weapon ? - No . - Sorry to have to run you through this . - That 's OK . That was weird . I 've had a stray pin left in a shirt collar set this machine off . But you can go on through . Thank you . Scully , come in , please . You said you needed to see me concerning the investigation ? Yes , sir . I came across a news article . A man 's body was found and I have reason to believe ... _ .he was killed by the same man responsible for Agent Mulder . Can I see it ? The date of death postdates Agent Mulder 's disappearance . Now you already have the ballistics data from Agent Mulder 's father on file . I 'd like you to run it against the ballistics from this man 's case . To try and prove what ? Well , if both men were killed by the same weapon , Mulder didn 't kill his father . And it could help us find the men who did . You 've been relieved of your investigative function . Yes , I know that , sir . I just thought this might be helpful . I 'm afraid not . This case would have been handled by the Trenton PD . They 're on our database . If there was a match on the two slugs , we 'd know by now . You don 't wanna check ? Miss Scully , I think you underestimate the duties and responsibilities of my position ... _ .as Assistant Director . I was trying to cooperate with your investigation . And enhance your chances of reinstatement . - No ! I just want answers . - And so do I ! I wanna know why I was asked to execute a search warrant on your apartment ... _ .to look for a digital cassette . I don 't have it . Is this tape what Agent Mulder died for ? I believe so . You wanna bring me a smoking gun , Scully , you bring me this tape . Otherwise I would ask you to go home , sit tight , and let us do ourjob . Is that all , sir ? Yes , that 's all . Did you ask her about the tape ? She says she doesn 't have it . Is that what she says ? Yes , that 's what she says . Well , that 's unfortunate for everyone . Back again ? I 'm curious about something . Can I go through here again ? Come on through . ( beep ) This thing is more sensitive than a toothache _ Would you mind running the wand over me one more time ? Sure . ( alarm ) - Are you wearing a necklace or somethin ' ? - No . Not today . Then what the hell is that ? - What do you think it could be ? - I don 't know . It 's embedded in soft tissue . Looks like maybe a piece of buckshot . I don 't know how it could 've gotten there . I can feel it just under the skin . And now that I 'm looking at it closely , there 's a tiny scar over it . If you want , I could do a local and pull it out of there . Yeah . Thanks for coming down here so late . No problem . You were probably wounded in the line of duty and didn 't even know it . For three days the Blessing Way chant was performed . The FBI man suffered great fevers . _ _ _ .and his body burned like Ere . There was doubt that he would recoven But the spirits were in attendance . Because , on the night of the third day he opened his eyes and asked for waten The ritual bath must be given outside the hogan before sunrise . The FBI man was weak from his journey and did not wish to speak . But , like a rising sun , I sensed in him a rebirth . Still , it will take time to regain his strength . Well , ... .. it 's definitely not buckshot . I , uh ... I know what it looks like to me , but , uh ... _ .I couldn 't tell you how it got there . Take a look . It looks like a computer chip . That 's what it looks like . I don 't even know how long it 's been in there . I have absolutely no recollection of it being put there . God , it 's frightening ! Dana , this is very serious . You gotta find out what this is . I don 't have access to the FBI labs . I 'm talking about access to your own memory . You 've buried this so deeply , you can 't consciously recall it . - Melissa ... - I know someone ... No ! What are you so afraid of , Dana ? That you might learn something about yourself ? You 're so shut off to the possibility there could be any other explanation ... _ .except for your rigid , scientific view of the world . It 's like you 've lost all touch with your own intuition . You carry so much grief and fear that you 've built up walls around your true feelings ... _ .and the memory of what really happened . Just do this for me , as your sister . Please . I 'll induce a non-ordinary state , _ _ _ _ .a modified form of hypnosis which involves Holotropic Breathwork _ This will quiet your interpretive mind so we can cut through the interference ... _ .with your memories and perceptions . Now , what I want you to do is to maintain a focus on your breath . Relax your breathing . Now I want you to close your eyes , ... _ .and think of a place where you 've always felt comfortable ... _ .and safe . You told me of your experience of being taken away and losing time . Do you remember how you felt just before this happened ? I was afraid . Do you remember what you were afraid of ? That I would die . But you didn 't die . Someone must have cared for you . Do you remember who that someone was ? There were men . A man took me . There was a light and ... _ .loud sounds . My , um ... - My ears were pounding . - They performed a procedure on you . - Do you remember any pain during this ? - I 'm trying ... The sound is all screwed up . There was an alarm . I remember , um ... They wanted to know if I was all right . Maybe you trusted them not to hurt you . Could this be possible ? I don 't know . At the FBI you work with people you must entrust with your life . Could it have been one of these people ? I had to trust them ... I was powerless . I couldn 't . _ . I could not resist them . If this is too painful , I want you to go back to that comfortable place where we began ... - _ .and try again . - Uh ! No ! I 'm sorry . I 'm trying , I 'm trying . I don 't think this is working . I don 't think we 're getting anywhere . Thank you , but you 'll have to excuse me . You must be careful now to end the ceremony properly . If you leave , you must not do any work , change clothes , or bathe for four days . That 's gonna cut into my social life . ( laughter ) The boys have a gift for you . You asked for them during your worst fevers . During my fever , I ... I left here and travelled to a place . This place . You carry it with you . It is inside of you . It is the origin place . It wasn 't a dream ? YSS . We are done now . ( ringing ) Skinner . ( Scully ) You came to see me today . Excuse me ? You came to my apartment . I assume you wanted to see me . - I don 't know what you 're talking about . - I saw you come out of my building . You 've obviously made a mistake . I 'm sorry . I need some air . Excuse me . ( Mulder ) I have been on the bridge that spans two worlds , .- - _ .the link between all souls by which we cross into our own true nature . You were here today , looking for a truth that was taken from you . A truth which was never to be spoken but which now binds us together ... _ .in dangerous purpose . I have returned from the dead to continue with you . But I fear that this danger is now close at hand . That I may be too late . So we are here to mourn the passing of William Mulder . To join in our grief for our loss . To share also the memories of a man whose life was rich and full , _ _ _ _ .and who made his family 's and his friends ' lives richer and fuller as well . Sadly , I 've been informed today by the mother of William 's children ... _ .that his son , Fox , could not be here to join us in this time of sorrow . - Mrs Mulder ? - Yes . I 'm Dana Scully . I work with your son . Um ... I know what you may have heard from the FBI , _ _ _ _ .but I have a strong feeling your son is going to be found . Oh , my goodness gracious ! - I think he 's still alive . - How do you know ? I just have a very strong feeling . - I 'll let you know as soon as I do . - Thank you . Thank you very much . Hello . I see you 're a friend of the family . So am I. Do you think we might speak ? - About ? - A very serious matter . Please , can we find someplace away from the others ? I couldn 't help overhearing your conversation . - You think the son is still alive ? - Who are you ? I 'm a member of a kind of consortium . We represent certain global interests . What kind of interests ? Interests that would be threatened by the tape you are no longer in possession of . - Threatened enough to murder ? - Oh my , yes ! - What do you know about Mulder ? - That he is dead . Cui bono . - You 're lying . - I 'm not here to tell you lies . - What are you here for ? - To tell you your life is in danger too . - Leave me alone . - They 'll kill you one of two ways . They 'll send someone , possibly two men . They 'll kill you at home with an unregistered weapon , which will be left at the scene . Using false documents , supplied by associates of mine , _ _ _ .. they 'll be out of the country in less than two hours . - You said there were two ways . - Yes . He , or she , will be someone close to you . Someone you trust . They 'll arrange a meeting or come to your house unexpectedly . Do you have someplace else you might stay ? - Why ? Why kill me ? - You want something they don 't _ Justice . And because they are now certain you don 't have the copy of the files they 're looking for . Why are you protecting me ? I feel my colleagues are acting impulsively _ Your death will draw unnecessary attention to our group . - You 're protecting yourself . - Why should that surprise you ? Motives are rarely unselfish _ - What kind of business are you in ? - We predict the future . The best way to predict the future ... _ .is to invent it . Good day , young lady . Mom ... My God ! Fox ! I can 't believe it . I 'd expected the worst . I need your help , IVIom . I don 't have much time . They said something terrible had happened . I 'm OK . But I need your help . I need you to remember . I need to know more about Dad . Who these people are . It was all so long ago . I need you to try to remember , Mom . These pictures were taken in 1972 . Where ? I don 't know . Dad worked for the State Department . He 'd go on the road . Where ? - I don 't remember , Fox . Please ! - Look at the pictures , IVIom ! - Don 't do this to me ! - Look at them ! He must have talked about the men he worked with . Were they ever here ? YSS . But I don 't remember their names any more . What does this have to do with , Fox ? I think it has to do with Samantha . I think it has to do with what happened to my sister . ( ringing ) Hello ? Dana , it 's your sister : Where have you been ? I had to go to Boston , for a funeral . - I was worried about you . - Why ? I haven ' t heard from you since you saw Dr Pomerantz . Missy , something strange happened to me today. I 'm _ _ _ I 'm a bit freaked out by it . I ' II come oven Are you gonna be there for a while ? Yeah , Iwill _ OK . I 'll see you in a bit . ( phone rings ) Hi . ( caller hangs up ) ( Scully dials ) Come on , come on , come on ! ( ringing ) Hi . This is Melissa . Sony to have missed your call . Leave a message and I 'll call you back . Have a really nice day . ( beep ) Missy it 's me . Please pick up . Missy ? Missy , pick up ... I 'm coming over to your place instead . I 'll look for you on the way . Bye . ( car starts up ) Scully , get in the car . - I need to talk to you . It 's very important . - I was going to my sister 's . I 'll drop you there . I need you to come with me . - Where are we going ? - To a place we can talk in private . After you . Eyes forward . Put your hands where I can see them . Don 't turn around or I 'll blow your head off . - Don 't think I won 't do it , you son of a bitch . - I believe you . Just stay cool . I 'm with you . Take two steps forward . Now move slowly towards the couch . Turn around and sit down on your hands . Are you gonna let me tell you why I 'm here ? I know why you 're here . I wanna know who sent you . Whose errand boy you are . No one sent me . You 've got the rest of your life to give me answers . ( gunshot ) Oh no ! Damn it ! What 's wrong ? Let 's get outta here . How high does it go , Skinner ? Who 's pulling the strings ? You can kill me but you 'll be doing their work for ' em . Forget about your job and family . You 'll spend the rest of your life behind bars . There isn 't a judge they couldn 't persuade . What 's the alternative ? Let you kill me now ? I didn 't come here to kill you . I came here to give you something . I 've got the digital tape . You 're lying . I 've got it in my pocket . I took it out of Mulder 's desk . ( footsteps ) Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
