 now this- - This here 's a special number . It 's gonna make your tongue roll outta your head and dial 911 . You add in all that nice shrimp- - dispatch , this is unit 7 ... Investigating a report of disturbance at 214 prospect avenue , over . copy that , unit 7 . Jeez . Police ! Don 't move . Keep ' em in the air . Cuff her , Jimmy . Damn , she 's got blood all over her . Hey , Keith . I think you might wanna check this out . I think she 's blind . The deceased is Paco Ordonez , A.K.A. Little monster- - Street dealer , liked to use grade-School kids as couriers . Out on bail for possession with intent . Two-Time loser looking at life . I have the same pair of pants . Who exterminated him ? That 's a subject of some debate . The killer carved a single c-Shaped cut up through the right kidney . Fatal blood loss came in under 30 seconds . I 'm going to assume the killer knew what he was doing , and that " c " wasn 't one of his initials . Your assumptions are correct , only the killer isn 't a he . Marty Glenn , 28 . We found her at the scene doing a formula 409 . Under normal circumstances , my department would have her dead to rights . There 's just one little snag . She 's been blind since birth . Before your heart goes out to her , check out her rap sheet . Fraud , petty theft , aggravated assault . Believe me , she 's a real piece of work . Her juvenile records are sealed , but detective Pennock has it on authority ... That two of them were drug busts- - Possession and possession with intent . So do you think that she caught little monster trying to snatch the pebble from her hand ? Nothing else makes sense . Including how a blind girl could get the drop on an ex-Con ... And bleed him out with surgical precision . Ms. Glenn took a $ 60 cab ride alone straight to the motel . The cabbie instructed her to room 10 , which she asked for specifically ... And then told him to get lost . Thirty minutes later , dead heroin dealer . All right , so you really believe that she did this , You just don 't know how . I got a theory if you want to hear it . I think she 's got some kinda sixth sense- - Lets her see in the dark , like a bat or something . I got 48 hours to convince the D.A. , Or wait till she kills somebody else . How soon can I meet her ? oh ... It 's you . See what I mean ? It 's not magic . It 's your crappy cologne . Who 's that with you ? - Special agent Mulder . - And the lady ? Uh , special agent Scully . We 'd like to ask you some questions , Marty . You must be having trouble with your case , detective . Fine . Suit yourself . What are you staring at ? An innocent woman- - I hope . So , I 'm all ears . I 'm curious why you 've refused your right to an attorney . Unless you 're gonna charge me , I don 't plan on needing one . Well , you could be charged right now , With the fact that you 've given no compelling reason why you were in that motel room . What were you doing there , Marty ? Putting mints on the pillows . The cabbie has given a statement that you asked specifically for room 10 , Which would put you at the murder scene right about the time of death . Is that a crime ? If you were involved in any way . You mean , like , an eyewitness ? Did you intend to buy drugs from Paco Ordonez ? Did you kill him ? Maybe it was just his time to go . Other than the stab wound , did you check his cholesterol level or anything ? How did you know there was just one stab wound ? Did I say that ? Mm-Hmm . I guessed . You know what the problem is ? You 've got no murder weapon . And I bet that 's drivin stinky back there crazy . Isn 't it , stinky ? Why is he hiding ? It 's not like I can see him . You know what I did with it , detective ? I fed it to my seeing eye dog . I 'm curious , Marty . Yeah ? About what ? If you didn 't kill him , why you were at the crime scene cleaning up ... And doing such a piss-Poor job of it ? Why don 't we just stop playing games here , okay ? I mean , you probably don 't know a feather duster from a duck 's ass , do ya ? I mean , it 's ridiculous . You 're a blind woman , for God 's sake . So why don 't you tell us who did kill Paco Ordonez , And agent Scully and I can go arrest him ... And you can go home and work on your " angry young blind girl " comedy routine . Or we can just stay here and entertain each other for the next 48 hours . Go to hell . see what I mean ? Put a knife in that hand- - No . All I see is a woman who 's adapted to her impairment admirably . She 's honed all her other senses around her blindness . She 's taunting you . I don 't know . I think she just wants us to think that she 's strong , independent . - It 's important to her . - She wants us to know she did it . - I don 't think she did do it . - Then why won 't she help us ? It 's been my experience that innocent people don 't act like that , agent Mulder . She wouldn 't explain her presence at the crime scene , And she avoided all discussion about the murder weapon . She knew there was only one stab wound . You caught that yourself . Yeah . Detective , did you snake all of the plumbing in the bathroom ? I turned that place upside down and inside out . Well , if we find the weapon with her fingerprints on it , she 's as good as convicted . Short of that , she 's gonna walk . Maybe I can get you to come out to the crime scene one last time . Okay . You go ahead . I wanna- - I wanna investigate something . I 'm going to ask you a series of questions . Respond only with a " yes " or " no . " Do not judge the content of the questions . Simply answer truthfully . Is your full name Martell Francis Glenn ? Yeah . Are you a resident of the State of Delaware ? Let 's cut through the bull , or I 'm gonna decide not to cooperate at all . All right , let 's , uh , get to it . I need to establish a baseline . I 'm a resident of the State of Delaware , okay ? Let 's move on . Is it your intent to lie during the course of this examination ? I 'm sure you 'll tell me if it is . Did you stab Paco Ordonez , also known as little monster ? Nope . - Did you plan or arrange the murder of Paco Ordonez ? - No . Have you ever met Paco Ordonez ? No . Would you ever have occasion to see Paco Ordonez or know him in another way ? Strike that . Have you ever had occasion to interact with Paco Ordonez or know him in another way ? No . - Were you present during the murder of Paco Ordonez ? - No . Why don 't you just ask me yourself ? Did you see the murder ? Did you see the murder ? - I don 't see anything . - Yes or no only , please . Then , the answer is no . no blood trails leading out of the bathroom . Windows are painted shut . As you can see , not a lot of places she could 've stashed it . Scully . She 's lying . About what ? She knew Paco Ordonez , but I don 't think she murdered him . How do you know that she knew him ? I made her take a polygraph test . She passed on every question except one : Did she see the murder ? Would you like me to remind you why polygraphs are inadmissible in court ? No , she cracked , Scully . She was lying . I 'm sure of it . Well , maybe she was , Mulder , but don 't make me state the obvious . She didn 't see anything . Not with her eyes . Well , how else did she see ? Bat vision ? I don 't know . Well , Mulder , when you figure it out , give me a call . Detective Pennock ? somebody , I need a phone . I get to call a lawyer ! Somebody , I need a phone ! I got it . You know , I 'm sure the A.C.L.U. Is gonna be very interested ... In how you violated a blind woman 's rights ... By eavesdropping on her private phone call . Same to you . Blarney Stone . Um , let 's see- - The guy hitting ' on the redhead at the end of the bar . - I told you , stop it ! - Yeah , we got somebody matching that description . Pop , it 's for you . - Yeah ? - Leave her alone . Who is this ? You just leave her alone . I 'm watching you . Let me guess . Your killer is O.J. Simpson . They were found at the crime scene with blood all over them . We believe they were worn by Paco Ordonez 's killer . Hmm . You 're good . We think they belong to you . Well , they don 't . Try one on for us . And put my prints all over them ? Your prints are already all over them , Marty . hold still . Are you happy , detective ? Looks to me like it fits . Somewhere Marcia Clark weeps . But you still haven 't got a weapon . Oh , it 's just a matter of time . But you haven 't got time . Hope you saw what just happened in there . Even if the gloves do fit , you can still acquit . I think it 's arrogance . I think it 's the same reason she agreed to take the polygraph test . She knows that the prejudices in this case are all in her favor . I don 't think it 's that simple . Look at this . She lives in poverty , but she 's never taken advantage ... Of the disability benefits that are available to her- - Never once . It 's poison to her . The mere suggestion ... That she 's anything other than a whole or complete person is offensive to her . It 's not arrogance , it 's pride . You think it was pride that made her ditch the bloody gloves ? Her prints were all over them , Mulder . Why would she do that ? I have no idea . Okay , so by your reasoning , The killer took off with the murder weapon but not the gloves , Leaving Marty to come in , go straight to the gloves , And hide them in the one place that nobody would easily think to find them . I think that 's the most accurate scenario available to us right now . Wait a minute . Maybe it 's much simpler than that . What ? What if she 's not really blind ? I mean , she hasn 't applied for any of her disability benefits . Maybe that 's because she knows she couldn 't pass the medical screening . - You think she 's faking it ? - No . No , but possibly it 's a conversion disorder ... Or a form of blind sight- - A split consciousness , whereby a person has ... A certain level of visual ability , but they 're not aware they 're actually seeing . I think it 's worth checking out . yo , man , little monster 's " h " ain 't gonna be easy . See , a lot of people respected him , you know ? You buyin ' or not ? You 're not buyin ' , I can go to somebody else . no , you can 't . But I 'm feelin ' magnanimous . Swing by in a couple hours . Maybe we can do some business . Good . Yeah , there 's somethin I gotta look into first . When I 'm done , I 'll be in touch . eyes wide , please , Marty . Good . Try not to move around too much . Are you aware of any sensation at all ? it 's a miracle ! All right , Marty , now we 're going to introduce some optical stimuli . Try not to blink . Just relax for a moment . I 'm not getting anything . I don 't think there 's any activity ... In either the visual cortex or the superior colliculus . There 's no way that she could fool the machine ? We 're talking about wholly involuntary physical responses . I wasn 't getting any reading . Then what is that ? What is it , Marty ? What do you see ? Agents . This is Daniel Costa from the D.A. ' S office . So what did we find ? I hear the girl can actually see with some limited ability . No , according to her examiner , She is completely without sight or any kind of light sensitivity . But she is still our best and only suspect . - You said you were making progress . - We are . I 'm not gonna indict a blind girl on some lousy prints . She doesn 't exactly fit the definition " blind girl . " Come on , folks . Either she is or she isn 't . - What are you talking about ? - There is evidence ... Of some kind of neurological activity which caused her pupils to dilate . - From what ? - To me it indicates some reaction to stimuli , Some kind of physical response to images in her mind 's eye . How does that make her the killer ? I didn 't say it did . Kick her loose . - Danny- - - I got no case , Pennock . I don 't believe this ! I 'm not trying her , not without a murder weapon . Kick her loose . Wonderful . Thanks . These better still be 20s . No , I replaced them with 50s since you 're so damn sweet . Wanna hear the latest ? Yes . Detective Pennock ran the gloves for blood typing and found two different samples , One type matching Marty Glenn 's . There were no cuts on her . All the same , I 'm gonna hand - deliver them to the lab in Washington ... And expedite a P.C.R. To see if she 's a match . Look at her . Do you really think she 's capable ? I 'll let you know as soon as I get the test back . Who called me last night ? Who 's watchin ' me ? What ? Aah ! I don 't know what you 're talking about ! You a cop ? Hmm ? You wearin' a wire ? No ! I 'm not a cop ! I need to get to spring street ! Which way is spring street ! Somebody answer me ! Four blocks to the left . Where ? here , here . There 's an alley here . Right here . Okay , I 'm fine , thanks . Leave me alone . excuse me . Excuse me , somebody . - Yeah ? - I killed ' em . I killed them both . I read your confession . Detective Pennock is typing it up as we speak for you to sign . I 'll sign it . You 'll make him a very happy man . Can 't have everything . As for me , I 'm a little puzzled by this sudden change of heart . Please . Too much charity of heart , and I 'll wanna puke . I just- - Why kill them ? Paco Ordonez . Susan Forester . Did you even know that was her name ? Susan Forester . She was 30 years old . Native of Wilmington . She waitressed part-Time . She lived alone with her two cats . Shut up ! Why are you doing this ? I-I- - I 've given you people everything you want . I like you , Marty . I admire you . And I don 't want to see you confess to crimes you didn 't commit . You just feel sorry for me . No , I don 't . Not the way you think I do . Read the confession . I got it all perfect . Every detail . How could I do that if I 'm innocent ? I believe you witnessed both murders . You-You saw them somehow . But you were way across town when they happened . You were a $ 60 cab ride away . You 're crazy . I think you tried to stop them . You tried to , but you didn 't get there in time . I don 't have to talk to you anymore . Marty , whoever did this , they 're gonna kill again , And you can help stop that . I can 't stop anything . I don 't have to talk to you anymore , period . Officer ! We 're done ! Who 's worth pleading guilty for , Marty ? Officer ! We 're done ! You didn 't do it . And I 'm not gonna let this happen . Do you hear me ? Marty ? sorry , man , deal 's off . What do you mean , " deal 's off " ? You can 't back out . I do what I got to do to stay on the down - Low . You 're shinin too much light on me . What are you talkin ' about ? Somebody 's gunnin ' for you , and I ain 't gettin ' in the middle of it . Who ? Who 's gunnin ' for me ? Some old girlfriend of yours called last night and told me I should steer clear . She called you ? Yeah . Said she was passin ' the word . Listen to me . Listen , man . She 's nobody . She knows nothin ' . Uh-Huh . Yeah , right . You and me , man , we 're still cool . Trust me . If she don 't know anything , how 'd she get this number ? Listen to me . I got nowhere else to take this stuff . That 's not my problem . Just don 't you call here again . Well , I appreciate your help here , such as it was , But I 'd say we 're doing all right . She just signed her confession . Congratulations . I don 't feel as good as you might think , you know . All you got is a signature . No lawyer 's gonna let her go down based on that . I 'm aware of that . Doesn 't it bother you , detective , that you still have no clear motive ? Well , she just now gave us that- - Drugs . Just like I thought . She even told us where to find them . I 'd this is gonna make it a pretty short trial . If you think about it , detective , it actually proves nothing . There it is , just like she said . Just like she described . You know , the thing I find most surprising about this case is you . You are one skeptical guy , agent Mulder . Skeptical ? Oh , yeah . I 've been called a lot of things . " Skeptical " is not one . yeah , well , whatever . skeptical . Mulder . What ? I 've got the P.C.R. Results on the two blood types from the gloves . Neither was Marty 's . You were right , Mulder . She didn 't do it . I know that , you know that and so does whoever Marty 's protecting , But Pennock is salivating right now . What we have to do is convince Marty . I got an idea . I 'll get back to you . What do you want now ? I know who you 're protecting , Marty , And I think I know why . You 're protecting the man who murdered your mother . I don 't know what you 're talking about . I read the original police report from 1970 . Your mother died from a single stab wound to the right kidney , As did Paco Ordonez and Susan Forester . Dead at the hands of an unknown assailant . I never knew my mother . No . I know . But for once you were there when it happened . She was pregnant with you at the time . She died on the operating table as doctors were trying to save her . You were born ... just barely . But the interruption of blood flow you suffered most likely caused your blindness . What does that have to do with anything ? I think that during that time ... As you lost one sense ... You gained another . And somehow ... A connection was formed between you and your mother 's killer . What connection ? You see through his eyes . You always have . You don 't want to , you just do . And because of that you feel responsible for his actions , but you 're not . And you 're sitting here in prison ... For crimes you didn 't commit . It isn 't going to accomplish anything , Marty . excuse me , agent Mulder . She 's being transferred now . There 's absolutely no point to you doing this . We 're gonna find him with or without your help . I 'm sorry . all right . Hi , Marty . What 's going on ? Detective Pennock is with the warden right now arranging for your release . what ? Charges against you are being dropped . You 're no longer a suspect in this case . How can they do that ? I confessed . A confession is worthless if it 's a lie , and yours was a lie . what have you been telling them ? Just that you 're innocent , which is something they would 've found out on their own anyway . The locker you sent us to ? It had prints on it , but they weren 't yours . I was careful . Somebody else wasn 't so careful . Charles Wesley Gotts , an ex-Con . Convicted in 1970 of aggravated assault . He was paroled three weeks ago , and he 's been missing ever since . Never heard of him . I happen to believe that , Marty . P.C.R. Test confirmed that it was his blood on the glove . The test confirmed something else , Marty . He 's your father . That was the connection . Hmm . okay , we 're all set . That is , if everything 's taken care of on this end . What 's he talkin ' about ? Detective Pennock has agreed to ... Not pursue aiding and abetting charges if you agree to help us- - If you agree to help us find him . We need your help , Marty . You can end it now . I can end this . I 'm sure that 's what you 've always wanted . I never wanted to spend my life in a place like this . I had no choice . Hmm . If I help you , will you protect me until he 's caught ? I will personally guarantee your safety . Hmm . Take me home . moving into position at the back exit . - All right . Stand by . - Copy that . Just in time for the surprise party . She told you he 'd be in there ? Yeah . She described this place perfectly , right down to the matchbooks . What made her decide to cooperate ? She wants to stop him . All of a sudden ? Why didn 't she tell us his name before now ? She didn 't know his name . They never met . He 's been in prison her entire life . Yet according to you , she 's been seeing through his eyes the whole time . I don 't think she was sure exactly what she was seeing . It was more like a constant image in her mind she learned to live with over time- - Up until three weeks ago . When the murders started . He was paroled and everything changed . Well , if all this is true , let 's go get him . Mulder ? Everything 's changed for her , Scully . I don 't think we 're gonna find him in there . Need some help over there ? No . Shoulda known . Now , you know , you don 't have to pack everything you own . I promise you , you 're not gonna be in protective custody that long . It 's too late for that anyway . Why 's that ? Gotts is already here . What are you talkin ' about ? He 's been keeping tabs on you for about a day . Now he knows where I live . He 's reading the names on the mailboxes right now . What ? How could you- - How did you know he wouldn 't be in there ? She misdirected us on purpose . She 's still protecting him ? No , she 's not . She never was . Pennock 's not picking up . What do you mean ? It 's not him she 's been protecting . If he goes back to prison , so does she . Until now , she 's never had a choice . I hate the way you see me . Mulder . She did this one . Trust me . Not much to look at , is it ? At least , that 's what they tell me . You were at the sentencing , agent Mulder . Is it my cologne ? No , I just knew you 'd be there . Marty , let me speak to the judge on your behalf . No . We found where he 'd been staying . It 's a motel not far from where Paco Ordonez had been murdered . And before that , Atlantic City . Hmm . I 'd never seen the ocean before . And now , when I close my eyes , Or even when I open them , That 's all I see . You 're lucky he wasn 't a fan of the ice capades . Lights out . I made this !
