 Bobby ? Phil ... I 've had it with that kid , Patti . I 've already talked to him . Yeah , like he ever listens . You hear me call your name ? Get up . What are you doing ? You think this is why I wake up and go to work every day- - so you can sit around on your ass ? What did I do ? - What 'd you do ? - Uh-huh . You never do anything ; that 's the problem . What kind of a loser are you going to turn out to be ? Put your boots on . You don 't leave my tools out in the rain . Tools are for work . They cost money . Fine , I 'll put it away . After you 're finished . Pick it up . I 'm not going to let your mother watch you grow up to be some kind of a jerk . Fine , I 'll put it away ... Phil . No way . You 'll finish the job . Now . Get away from me ! Get away from me now ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Where are you going ? ! Come back here , Bobby ! I 'm calling you ! Can 't you hear me ? ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Don 't run away from me ! Come back here right now ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ? Bobby ? Bobby ? No ! 12 pounds , nine ounces . All that came out of his stomach ? Most of it . The small amount in his lungs is what killed him . Is it possible that he took the term " mud pie " literally ? Well , I 'm sure if Mr. Rich were alive , he would find some humor in that . According to his police report , Mr. Rich was a man who could tell a joke . He grew up here , worked the same fields for 20 years , well liked around town . Funny he should turn up murdered . Is that what you 've concluded ? I 've concluded that this man 's head was held forcibly down in the Michigan mud just a little too long , most likely by his stepson , who was named in the report as Bobby Rich . Age 16 . Well , according to the same report , the coroner had to hire a backhoe to remove the body , which was buried completely in a standing vertical position . There is some indication that his stepson may have dug the hole and that a recent rainstorm may have helped turn it into a muddy trap . Some rainstorm . They say it rained 400 inches a day . Now that sounds like an exaggeration , don 't you think ? Would you like me to show you how he may have done it ? How a 6 ' 4 " , 250-pound man was buried alive in less than five minutes by a 16-year-old kid whose classmates lovingly refer to as " dork-weed " ? He may have had an accomplice . " Ich bin ein auslander . " " I am an outsider . " You know , when Kennedy told the Germans " Ich bin ein Berliner , " he was actually saying " I am a cocktail sausage . " Who 's Kennedy ? I 'm not ... I 'm not here to accuse you of anything , Bobby . What are you here for then ? I want to hear your story . I tried to help . I couldn 't . Well , the police aren 't entirely convinced that that 's the truth . So , what the hell am I supposed to do about it ? They want me to confess so they have someone to blame . Right . But , you see , you 're not making it very easy for them to believe otherwise . You understand that ? What can I say ? Everybody knows I hated him . They were real close when Bobby was little , always kidding around and stuff . But Bobby sort of got into that teenage stage- - he don 't want to listen to nobody . And it came to a head last night ? Phil was late coming home . He 'd been stressed out 'cause of the blight and stuff . What do you mean ? His nut trees all got a disease , and Bobby don 't help things out with his attitude and stuff . Did Phil instigate what happened ? It 's hard to tell what starts these things . Phil could be stern- - just like his own father was to him . But I never saw him raise his hand . When I saw him lying in the mud , I mean , I half expected him to pull me in- - like he had planned it or something . Did he ever hurt you ? Phil ? He used to get off shoving me around , yeah . Did you ever shove him back ? He 's twice as big as me . You see , that 's why some people thought you might have dug the hole , or attacked him when he fell in the hole 'cause he was down there . That 's their problem , isn 't it ? You remember what was going through your head at the time ? I guess ... I felt he had it coming . He was kneeling over Phil- - struggling real hard and stuff . Could you tell that he was definitely trying to help him ? It seemed that way to me . You know , there 's a strong chance the police are going to arrest your son for murder . I don 't see how . But if they do , and if there 's evidence of abuse that you 're not coming forward with , it could hurt his chances . I know everything happens for a reason , but I still don 't see no reason for this . They 're all dying . According to Bobby 's mother , that 's a big reason why her husband blew up . His hazelnut orchard was hit with a blight . So he pounds the kid ? And the kid pounds back . Is that what she told you ? Well , not in so many words . Actually , she won 't admit to any abuse in the house . I suspect she 's just trying to move on and protect what family she 's got left . Kid says his stepfather teed off on him regularly . Is that his excuse ? No , that 's his explanation . He says he 's innocent . What do you think ? I think he 's a hard kid to love . I 'm still finding it hard to reconcile the facts with the physical evidence . Well , even if he didn 't dig this hole , the disease could have killed root systems , creating weakened soil . Well , then how did the victim swallow 12 pounds of this stuff ? Well , when you fight for air , a vacuum is created . And maybe once he sucked down a mouthful of mud , it turned his esophagus into a siphon . With his head pushed down , it filled all of his passages like a gas can . Well ... you asked me for answers . Those are the best ones I 've got . Did you ask if anybody else might be involved ? His mother says that Bobby can 't make friends . He 's been in therapy for his anger since 1995 . That could be me . What is it ? Someone 's watching us . Sir ? Hello ? Who was it ? I don 't know . He 's gone . Lisa . Hey . What are you doing here ? I-I called you last night . I mean , how come you didn 't call me back ? They 're saying you killed him , Bobby . I finally stood up to him . Hey , psycho . Think fast . Just get away from me , okay ? Or what ? What are you going to do , huh ? Maybe I 'll kill you , too , huh ? Psycho killer . See . All you got to do is stand up . I 'll see you later , then . Karin Matthews ? Yes ? We 're Agents Mulder and Scully from the FBI . I hope my directions were clear . I 'm a little tucked away . I first worked with Bobby after an incident at school . He 's had difficulty developing relationships , and this difficulty has caused him to act out . In what way ? By putting on certain airs , affecting an attitude that has drawn the wrong kind of attention to himself . I 've seen him come in here pretty beaten up . Physical violence ? More than just kid stuff . Was his stepfather ever involved ? I 'm not free to speak with perfect frankness , of course . Well , if you know that Bobby committed a crime , you 're under legal obligation to tell us . Bobby once spilled a glass of milk at dinner . For the next two weeks , he was forced to eat in the cellar . No table , no chair , no light . Sometimes he was left down there until the following morning . You see , there are all sorts of crimes ... not just the ones you might find reason to investigate . So you 're saying Bobby would have good reason to kill his father . I 'm saying there are some crimes where there are only victims . You 're free not to answer , Miss Matthews- - or you 're free to make these vague allusions- - but your evasiveness is only going to land this kid in jail for a long , long time . I 'm not sure I understand . You make it sound like a justification- - like Bobby did it- - and I don 't think he did . Hey . What are you doing ? Going home . Well , I , uh ... I waited for you . I thought , uh , I thought we were going to talk , so ... You scared me today , Bobby . Why ? Was it because I stood up for myself or , um ... because I didn 't let them beat me up like usual ? I got to go . You got to stand up , Lisa . You got to tell your dad you 're not going to put up with his crap . There is a way to make it go away ... forever . What the hell business you got with him ? Nothing . He 's just a friend . I don 't want you seeing that kid . I don 't want him coming around here . Do you hear me ? Stop it , okay ? I 'm doing what 's right for you ... Just shut up ! The victim 's name was ... Eugene Baiocchi , 40s . He was a foreman for one of the local growers . Single parent . Did you get a look at the body ? It had already been removed . I think it 's pretty clear what killed him though . From what they 've put together , they 've all but concluded he was pushed out the window . Pushed out ? His daughter Lisa made the 911 call at 8 : 08 p.m. She says she and her father had a fight . About what ? Bobby . I don 't want you to worry about anything , all right ? Now , I 'll be here for you as much as possible , but they 're going to come and ask you some questions , and the most important thing is that you feel comfortable . If you don 't feel comfortable answering them , then I don 't want you to answer them , okay ? Now , we 'll pack a few things and go straight to my place after . Can I have a moment with Lisa ? Was Lisa another of your clients ? - Lisa ? - Yeah . Yes , for four years . What were you treating her for ? An eating disorder . Have you asked her what happened ? Isn 't that your job ? We gather that she had a fight with her father over Bobby Rich . Well , it doesn 't surprise me . Lisa 's father was very disapproving of her generally , which stemmed to a lot of her problems . Had you counseled her father ? No . My approach is with the victims solely , to allow them to empower themselves . In what ways ? By breaking the cycle of abuse , by owning it , by confronting it and by standing up against it . Seems to be working . When I told Lisa her aunt was coming to pick her up tomorrow , she started to cry . It wasn 't out of sorrow . Three guesses who followed Lisa home last night and was sitting out front in his father 's truck just minutes before this happened . Does she think Bobby did it ? She thinks he 's quite capable . I think we 're all quite capable . Well , she says that he also threatened to kill a boy in school yesterday . Come here . Take a look at this . If Lisa 's father was pushed out the window , then all the glass would be on the outside . Look . There 's glass here on the inside . And the paint on the mullions is cracked on the outside , not on the inside here . I don 't understand . Well , seems to me like some facts have been assumed . It looks to me like Lisa 's father was pulled out the window , not pushed . How ? That I don 't know . Well , there 's nowhere to stand . Even if he did use a ladder , there 'd be no leverage . I mean , especially for a scrawny 16-year-old kid . That 's my point exactly . Sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . All right , class , there will be a quiz on this tomorrow , so take good notes . Now ... May I help you ? Sorry to interrupt . I need to ask you to come with us , please . What for ? To answer some questions . About what ? I don 't want to have to embarrass you in front of your class . Well , I ain 't embarrassed . I 'm fairly certain that this man died from a broken neck . Yeah , but there was a substantial amount of blood loss , wasn 't there ? Yes , but the cuts all missed the artery . I have X-rays if you don 't believe me . It 's the fourth and fifth vertebrae . Have you determined if the neck injury was caused by the fall ? Well , what else would it have been ? Have you seen this ? What do you make of this here ? Huh . Are you satisfied ? No , I 'm not . Scully ? What is that ? Evidence . Of what ? You just trying to scare him ? No . I think he 's scared enough as it is . Of what ? I 'll help getting the rest of your things packed . But I think it 's best that you go to your aunt 's as soon as possible . When did she say she was coming ? First thing in the morning . Feel it . It 's okay . Come on . You never learn . I 'm sorry . Please , just don 't yell . What 'll you ever amount to ? No . Stop it . Stop it . Where are you going ? Up to my room . You 're ruining my life . You hear me ? I wish you 'd never been born . What are you looking for ? That splinter you 're holding came from Mr. Baiocchi 's neck , but it didn 't come from the broken window . Where did it come from ? It 's greenwood , fresh from a living tree . What ? Excuse me . It 's been a few years . What ? You think that Bobby climbed this tree to pull Lisa 's father out of that window ? Kind of begs the question , doesn 't it ? Hey , Scully , is this demonstration of boyish agility turning you on at all ? Who are you ? I take care of the trees . Scully ? I didn 't expect you to be standing right there behind me . You were watching us the other day in the orchard . The trees are dying . Scully ! Maybe you should come down here , Mulder . You , uh , know what kind of tree this came from ? Same as this tree . You , uh ... you said these trees were dying . This-this splinter 's live wood . 20 years ago , this happens . What causes this ? A very bad man . Little snoop . She 's just like you . Where is she ? Ms. Matthews , we 'd like to ask you a few questions . About what ? Your father 's death . We need to clarify a few details . My father ? He died 20 years ago . Yeah , under rather curious circumstances . His body was pulled from the mud of an orchard ? I 'm sorry . I was just a-a young girl . I don 't know why you want to talk to me . Well , we just thought it was strange that you didn 't bother to mention it . Well , I don 't see that it matters . We spoke to someone who thinks it does , someone who worked for your father . According to the orchard man , your father 's death brought about the end of a blight affecting the trees . Look , my father was a powerful man . And powerful men are prone to inspire this kind of fantasy . Don 't tell me you 've been taken in by it , too . Is Lisa still staying with you ? No , she 's not . She 's gone to her aunt 's . Look , I 'm sorry I can 't help . Help me ! I 'm down here ! Help ! Lisa ? Lisa . Karin ? Karin ! Karin ! Karin ? Lisa , you 've got to be quiet- - quiet as a mouse- - or he 's going to hear you down there . Karin , I 'm scared . Let me out , please . I will , but not until it 's safe . Karin ... Karin , I don 't want to stay down here . Please let me out . Karin ? Mulder , whatever you 're hoping we find here- - without a court order , it won 't be admissible . I 'm not expecting it to be . Mulder ... where 's the body ? Yes ? I 'm Linda Baiocchi . Lisa 's aunt . Are you Karin ? Yes . Is Lisa here ? No . She went ... she 's gone to the bus station . She has ? But it was all arranged ... Well , I don 't know what to tell you . I 'm sorry . There must have been a misunderstanding . Help me ! I 'm down here ! Don 't leave ! I 'm down here ! Aunt Linda , I 'm down here ! What are you doing down there ? Just get me out , please ? Okay . It 'll be okay . I 'm going to call the police . Mulder , you still haven 't answered my question . What happened to Karin 's father ? Why would anybody steal his body ? I don 't think this was an act of grave robbing , Scully . No , that 's what we were doing . More like an act of nature . What do you mean ? The orchard man said that the blight that plagues this town was caused by a man- - implying a connection . I 'm a little afraid to ask what kind of connection . Between the people of this valley and their livelihood- - the trees . Look at the victims , Scully . Bobby 's father , Lisa 's father ... And Karin 's father 20 years ago . All men who worked in these orchards- - their lives and deaths tied to these trees . We removed a sliver of greenwood from Lisa 's father 's neck . And the bruise that you found on Bobby 's father 's ankle could 've been caused by a root- - the same root system that pulled Karin 's father from his grave . Mulder , there is a connection between these deaths , one that provides a clear motive and intent : these were abused children . Who couldn 't defend themselves . What ? So nature did it for them ? Something did it for them- - or someone controlling nature . Karin said she was counseling Bobby and Lisa to empower them . I think we should talk to them . I called Lisa at her aunt 's house 20 minutes ago , and there was no answer . Then we should talk to Bobby . Mulder , we 've already questioned him twice . Maybe we haven 't asked him the right question . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Yes , you do . Maybe you hated your stepfather , but you didn 't kill him . You don 't have it in you . That 's good . That 's really good . - Can I go now ? - No , no . You can 't go until you tell me the truth . For the first time in your life , people are taking you seriously . And I think they should take you seriously . I think you 're a serious kid . Not an outsider anymore , huh ? Yeah . I 'm thinking about running for ASB president . So why don 't you just give it up . Why don 't you give it up . Why don 't you tell me what happened that night . You took the shovel to him , but you couldn 't do it , so you ran . You ran to the orchard , but not because you dug a hole or laid a trap . Because you were afraid . Not of Phil . You weren 't afraid of Phil . Phil never hit you or hurt you in that way . In fact , I think you wanted to help Phil . You wanted to save him . You didn 't want Phil to die , did you ? What were you afraid of , Bobby ? I couldn 't do it . You couldn 't do what ? I couldn 't stand up to him . But she made me . " She " who ? K-Karin . Karin- - she-she made me , uh ... You 're a loser ! You understand me ? ! I wish you would 've never been born ! You 're ruining my life ! Karin made you what ? She made me say those things . She had me pretend that I was him . That I-I was Phil . She made you believe you were a victim , but you weren 't , were you ? She said I have the power to-to make it all go away . But I ... But I didn 't mean for him to die . It 's okay . You think you can hide down there ? You think you 're safe ? You 'll wish you were dead . Karin ? Scully , take a look at this . Mulder . Talk about putting down roots . What the hell is going on here ? I think we 're looking at Karin Matthews ' father . But how did he get here ? The same way Bobby 's father got pulled down in that mud . Mulder , I ... This has to do with Karin , with her own father 's abuse . It was never Bobby that was locked in the cellar , it was Karin . Karin caused all this . You think Karin is the killer ? I think she 's the killer and the victim . Lisa . Where 's Karin ? You 're going to be okay . You stay with her , Scully . I need to see Bobby . I 'm sorry . Bobby 's not here . He 's in danger . Get away from here , please . Bobby ! He 's not here . Where is he ? ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Stay away from me ! I 'm warning you . You 're pathetic . You little piece of garbage . Karin ! Stop ! You stay away from him ! Stand up to him ! Karin deserves what she gets . Make him stop , Karin ! Tell him what you should 've told him 20 years ago ! You 're not going to take it anymore ! Karin 's dead . It 's done now . No more . Come on . Coats Grove authorities conducted a detailed examination of the soil and root composition in the Rich family orchard , but could not explain what pulled Karin Matthews ' body into the Michigan mud . Nor could the authorities determine how the body of Karin 's father was pulled from its grave into her root cellar three years earlier . While the forensic data is inconclusive , I believe the explanation lies in hospital records dating back to Karin 's childhood , which suggest she herself was a victim of abuse . Rage unconfronted takes its own path . I believe it was Karin 's unconfronted rage that forced her to face her buried father . This same rage made her imagine victims in the children around her , trying to instill in them the strength she never found in herself . What happened to Karin Matthews in the orchard that night was a release- - release for a victim who , unable to face up to her own past , was finally consumed by it . I made this !
