 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Each passing year has seen our estimate of the probability of life in space increase , ... _ .along with our capabilities of detecting it . Scientists feel that contact with other civilisations . . _ _ - is no longer beyond our dreams , " _ .but is a natural event in the history of mankind ... _ .that will perhaps occur within the lifetime of many of us . - Excuse me . - Make way . Let her through . Agent Scully ? Detective Rempulski , Alexandria PD . Thanks for coming down to do this . It him ? Yeah . Agent Scully , please have a seat . Agent Scully , we 've had a brief discussion , _ _ _ _ .but will you restate the matter we 're here to put to rest ? Yes , sir . Four years ago , ... _ .Section Chief Blevins assigned me to a project you all know as the X-Files . As I am a medical doctor with a background in hard science , ... _ .my job was to provide an analytical perspective ... _ .on the work of Special Agent Fox Mulder , ... _ .whose investigations into the paranormal ... _ .were fuelled by a personal belief ... _ .that his sister had been abducted by aliens when he was 12 . I come here today , four years later , _ .. _ .to report on the illegitimacy of Agent Mulder 's work . It is my scientific opinion ... _ .that he became , over the course of these years , ... _ .a victim . A victim of his own false hopes , _ _ _ _ .and of his belief ... _ .in the biggest of lies . We 'll meet the guide at base camp . He 'll take us to the site . - Has he seen it ? - Oh , yeah . He said it 's unbelievable . - How soon can we get to the site ? - Right now ? We 'd be pushing it to be up top by nightfall . I 'd rather sleep seeing it than lay awake all night wondering . - it 'll take some work . - I 've waited all my life for this day . Let 's do it . How you doin ' ? My God ! It 's beautiful . Agent Scully , I presume you have a basis for this break from Agent IVlulder . Yes , sir . Recent events have shed new light on the factual and physical evidence ... _ .that would prove the existence of extraterrestrial life , _ _ . _ .which is the foundation of Agent Mulder 's devotion to his work . What factual evidence ? Agent Mulder was contacted by a man ... _ .whose pursuit of this evidence seemed to coincide with his own . In his intense desire to believe , ... _ .Agent Mulder was duped by this man . He was fooled by an act of scientific sleight of hand ... _ .calculated to perpetuate false truths . The larger lie . I am here today to expose this lie , _ _ _ _ .to show the mechanism of deception ... _ .that drew him and me into it , ... _ .and to expose Agent Mulder 's work for what it is . - Hi . - Speaking of Bill , is he coming ? Good evening . May I take your coat ? There he is . Hi . Hello , Dana . - Look at you . - Look at you , my big brother . I 'm sorry I 'm late . My ship got stuck in traffic . - Did you get my birthday card ? - Yes . Thanks for remembering this year . Once a decade . - How are you , Dana ? - I 'm fine . Let 's get some dinner , huh ? Yeah , I 'm starving . ( Bill ) So the parrot says " l only got one question . " " What did that chicken in there do ? " ( laughter ) - Mom , I 'll open some more wine . - OK . - I feel awkward here . I 'm sure you do too . - No , I 'm sorry . I 've known your family for so many years . Your mother asked me to come , that I might have a word with you . I know it 's been some time since we 've spoken ourselves , _ .. - _ .since you drifted from the church . - Father McCue ... But at a time of personal crisis , a threat to your health , _ _ _ _ .turning back to your faith is important and essential . Father lVlcCue , ... _ .I appreciate my mother 's concern , and yours , ... _ .but I 'm being treated for my cancer , and I 'm taking every precaution . Faith can make you stronger . I haven 't felt a need . I have strength , and ... .. I 'm not gonna come running back now . It 's just not who I am . I 'd be lying to myself and to you . Dana . Phone . Excuse me . - Hello . - it 's me . Sorry to interrupt your dinner . - No ... is something the matter ? - I need your help on something . Somebody named Arlinsky just contacted me from the Smithsonian . Contacted you about what ? About something he found on a mountain in Canada . I ' d rather not talk over the phone . Meet me at the Smithsonian . - When ? - Right away . I 'm on my way . I 'll apologise to your brother and mother . This couldn 't wait , though . It 's OK . Who is this Arlinsky ? A forensics anthropologist I 've been in contact with for four years . He was involved in a UFO photo-enhancement scandal , _ .. _ .but continues to profess his innocence . - What am I coming to see ? - I 'm not telling you . I want you to decide for yourself . I estimate , from the sediment in our ice-core samples , ... _ .the body you 're looking at is over 200 years old . - It looks perfectly intact . - Yeah . There would 've been signs of predation . But the position he was found in , in a crevice at high altitude , _ _ _ _ .he may have frozen fast enough to avoid being eaten . - Does that fit geologically ? - The area where he was found ... _ .is in the moraine of a glacier which has since receded . 200 years ago , the area where he was frozen was within the tree line . - There would 've been a thaw . - Who found him ? A Canadian geodetic survey team . Along with a colleague of mine named Babcock . They 're still on the mountain . Who else knows about this ? NO ODS . I know what your first thought was . But the St Elias range ? That 's a long way to go for a hoax . If you 're gonna go , why not go all the way ? I 'm circumspect myself , but the ice-core samples I took can 't be faked . - You have the ice-core samples here ? - Yeah . Yeah . One taken from each side of the body . A 360-degree matching integrity of sediment . It 's my sincere belief ... _ .that what we have here ... _ .is the complete corpus of an extraterrestrial biological entity . Absolute and irrefutable . Qualitatively indefensible . Go public and nobody will believe you . The same people who buried the truth will be in charge of its authentication . That 's why I came to you . I need to get the specimen out so I can authenticate it . This body means everything to you , Agent Mulder . - You 're gonna have the proof in your hands . - And what do you want ? We just want the credit . - Do you think it 's foolish ? - I have no opinion , actually . - You have no opinion ? - This is your holy grail , not mine . What does that mean ? Proving to the world the existence of alien life is not my last dying wish . How about Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny ? This is not a selfish pet project of mine . I 'm as sceptical of that man as you are , _ _ _ _ .but definitive proof of sentient beings would change everything . Every truth would be shaken to the ground . There is no greater revelation imaginable . You already believe , Mulder . What difference will it make ? What will proof change for you ? If someone could prove to you the existence of God , would it change you ? Only if it had been disproven . Then you accept the possibility that belief in God is a lie ? I don 't think about it , actually . I don 't think it can be proven . But what if it could be ? Wouldn 't that knowledge be worth seeking ? Or is it just easier to go on believing the lie ? I can 't go with you , Mulder . Can you at least look at those core samples and tell me if they 're a lie ? That 's all I 'm asking . What I couldn 't tell Agent Mulden _ _ _ _ .what I had only just learned myself , _ _ _ _ .was that the cancer which had been diagnosed earlier had metastasised _ The doctors told me , short of a miracle , ... _ .it would continue to aggressively invade my body , ... _ .advancing faster each day towards the inevitable . What 's that for ? - I don 't know these men well . Do you ? - Well enough . I 'm gonna be up here alone until you get back . I hope I don 't have to use it . I think you 'd better have a look at this . We were doing a lateral cut to the back corner when I saw something in the ice . Right here . What do you think that is ? I don 't know . It could be a bubble . A weak spot . Or a casting channel . A pour hole . Liquid poured in from the side or above somehow . Poured from where ? - I don 't know . - The angle wouldn 't make sense . Yeah . You 're right . We 'll never know until we get it out of there . ( chain saw ) Ion concentration , density and temperature profiles are consistent . There 's a tight matrix of crystals at proximal centre , _ _ _ _ .suggesting the quick-freezing scenario . At the terminus are particulate hydrocarbons : jet-fuel pollutants found just about everywhere - But not in old ice ? - Don 't misunderstand . This is old ice . This sample has layers of sedimentation , like the rings on a tree essentially . - So it hasn 't been tampered with ? - No . Not from what I can see here . - Can I ask why you 're testing this ice ? - Another agent asked me to . Do you know where this sample came from ? From a site in the Yukon Territory . Why ? There 's some cellular material within the matrix . Plant or animal ? I don 't know . It 's what I 'd have to classify a chimera _ A hybrid cell . - From what ? - As I said , I don 't know . - Is it capable of cell division ? - I don 't know that either . I 'd like to get them under our electron microscope , if that 's OK . Yes . Please . ( gun cocked ) I thought you said someone would meet us . Yeah , a guide named Rolston _ I don 't get it . This had all been arranged . He knew he was supposed to take us up to the summit . I don 't know what to do . We can probably follow this track right up to the site . Maybe we 'll meet him on the way down . Funny place to take a nap . - He 's been shot . - God ... - This our guide ? - Yeah . Excuse me . I 'm looking for Dr Vitagliano . Dr Vitagliano ... Is he here ? No , I 'm afraid not . I was supposed to meet him here . Actually , I 'm a little late . Sorry . ( Arlinsky ) Oh , my God ! They 're all dead ! They 've been shot ! Babcock ! The body . It 's gone ! They took it ! No one knew . We didn 't tell a soul . They had radio communication . Maybe it was being monitored . ( groaning ) Someone 's still alive . - it 's Babcock . - Get me some water . Looks like he took a shotgun hit . It 's not too bad . The bleeding 's stopped . Who did this ? - Here you go . - They took the body , Babcock . No ... I buried it . Where ? Dana ? Bill . What are you doing here ? I picked up the phone when they called Mom 's _ Said you could use a change of clothes . Thank you . Where 's Mom ? I didn 't tell IVIom what happened . - So what did happen ? - I , uh ... I was knocked down a flight of stairs . But I 'm OK . Luckily . You 're not OK , Dana . I know about your cancer . - I told Mom not to tell you . - Why ? Because it 's very personal . Because I don 't want sympathy . You think you can cure yourself . IVlom tells me that you 've gotten worse , _ .. _ .that your cancer 's gone into your bloodstream . What are you doing getting beaten up ? Trying to prove you 're going out fighting ? Come on , Bill . You Know what Mom is going through ? Why do you think I didn 't tell her they called ? What should I be doing ? We have a responsibility to the people in our lives ! Just because I haven 't bared my soul to you or to Father McCue or to God ... .. doesn 't mean I 'm not responsible to what 's important . To what ? To who ? This guy Mulder ? Where is he , Dana ? Where is he through all this ? Thank you for coming . Dana ... We can do a good enough examination of the body here , to remove any doubt . We won 't know for sure until we do a carbon dating . I anticipate his physiology alone will be telltale . The Piltdown-man hoax wasn 't uncovered for 40 years , until it failed the carbon-dating test . If this were a hoax , would we have six dead men up on that mountain ? Somebody other than us sure as hell believes it 's not . That 's a heavily trafficked stain / vell , .. _ _ .so we went back to the bio lab , where we found an anomalous set of Iatents . We found a partial matching in the stairwell , four centimetres from one of yours . - Have you run it through the NCIC ? - Yep . This is your assailant . Unfortunately , he doesn 't have a criminal record . Try the federal database . How 'd you know he 'd be a government employee ? Where does he work ? Right here in Washington . Michael Kritschgau , formerly of the US Army , . _ _ _ .now attached to the Pentagon 's research division in Virginia . Is this the man ? The body is 147 centimetres long , ... _ .weighing 24 kilograms deliquesced . Derma is hairless , grey with an elephantine texture , with no odour . There are some small eruptions on the surface of the skin , _ _ _ _ .mostly likely due to the presence of iron phosphate in the ice . Otherwise there appears to be no scarring and no identifying marks . The circumference of the head is 64 centimetres . There are four digits on each hand and three on each foot . Sex is indeterminate . The eyes are lidless , black , . _ _ _ .covered by what appears to be a thin membrane , which I am now removing . The tissue underneath ... _ .seems to be semigelatinousu . _ .with a fine network of veins running throughout . Examination of the chest confirms the presence ... _ .of what appears to be a cardiopulmonary system . Heart and lungs all identifiable ... _ .within a mass of white stringlike tissue ... _ .that doesn 't appear to correspond to human physiology . ( brakes screech ) Stop ! Federal Agent ! Hold it ! Michael Kritschgau ! You are under arrest ! Identify your location ! Get out of the car ! Now ! IVlove ! Please don 't shoot . I didn 't mean to hurt you . I had no choice . - Hands on the car ! - If you arrest me , they 'll kill me . - I don 't know what you 're talking about . - The same people who are trying to kill you . The people who gave you your cancer . There 's tissue-culturing to be done , DNA sequence and analysis . We 'd be wise to run a gas chromatograph , and that carbon dating . But , if this isn 't alien , I don 't know what it is . ( phone rings ) Mulder . I had reached Agent Mulder in a warehouse , just outside of Washington in Sethsburg . They had managed the frozen corpse by helicopter ... _ .down the side of the mountain , _ _ _ _ .and across the Canadian border in a refrigerated truck . After conducting a limited physical examination ... _ .Agent Mulder was ready to believe ... _ .that the body was that of an extraterrestrial biological entity . That he had finally found the proof which had eluded him , . _ _ _ .which would confirm not only the existence of alien life , _ _ _ _ .but of his sister Samantha 's abduction . But this man Kritschgau had convinced you otherwise . How ? He told me a story which detailed , point by point , . _ _ _ .the systematic way in which Agent Mulder had been deceived and used , ... _ .and how I , as his partner , had been led down the same path , _ .. _ .losing a family member due to my allegiance , _ _ _ _ .and contracting a fatal disease , which I was being told was engineered ... _ .by the men responsible for Agent Mulder 's deception . Were you able to convince Mulder of these facts ? I was only able to convince him to meet me ... _ - so that he might hear the story the way I had . Who the hell is this ? Right there , pork . - How 's the wound ? - I 'll live . What is this , Babcock ? Get the door . ( gunshot ) - Where did Mulder go ? - He got a call . - Is he a believer ? - Oh , yeah . Then we 're the only ones who know . Right . The lie you believe , _ _ . _ .that they have cleverly led you to believe , Agent Mulder , _ .. _ .is that there is intelligent life other than our own ... _ .and that we have had contact with these life forms . So you 're saying this has all been orchestrated ? A hoax ? - Which you 've been used to perpetuate . - You come by this knowledge how ? Working for the DOD . Watching a military-industrial complex ... _ .that operated unchecked during the Cold War ... _ .create a diversion of attention from itself and its continued misdeeds ... _ .by confabulating enough believable evidence ... _ .to convince passionate adepts like yourself ... that it really could be true . And just by chance you run into Agent Scully ? I was just like you , Agent Mulder . Suspicious of everything but what you should be . I ran the DOD 's agitprop arm for a decade . I can show you records of disinformation dating back to the Korean War . Why come to me now ? Why not four years ago ? I have a son who 's very sick . He served in the Gulf War . The lies are so deep , . _ _ _ .the only way to cover them ... _ .is to create something even more incredible . They invented you . Your regression hypnosis , the story of your sister 's abduction , _ _ . _ .the lies they fed your father . You wanted to believe so badly . And who could have blamed you ? And the thousands of UFO sightings ? Above-top-secret military aircraft concept-designed to feed hysteria . Evidence of alien biology ? Unclassified but naturally occurring biologic anomalies ... _ .science will eventually explain . - The body that was found ? - Constructed out of biomaterials ... _ .created through the hybridisation of differentiated cells . What are called chimeras . Frozen into place over the course of a year ... _ .using materials that would bear out its age , ... _ .poured through a small channel drilled in the rock above . They would 've known the body would be carbon-dated , that it would be proved a fake . - The body will never be tested . - What do you mean ? You were only meant to see it ... _ .to make you believe the lie , so that you might finally commit ... _ .and go public with the news . This man is a liar . You can see for yourself , Agent Mulder . The body is already long gone . ( MuldeU Dr Arlinsky ? It 's gone . Mulder ? - ( Mulder groans ) - What ? It 's Arlinsky . He 's dead . So is this man . Who did this , Mulder ? Mulder ? What we had here was proof . No way it could be anything else . You said it yourself : more tests needed to be run . But the ice-core samples checked out . How could the body within be a fake ? Material found in the ice-core samples ... _ .were a direct match for what this man Kritschgau described : hybrid cells , chimeras within the matrix . Do we know for sure those cells are not extraterrestrial ? Everything this man described ... You can 't just guess at these details . The facts completely overwhelm any argument against them . Facts overwhelmed by the lies created to support them . The only lie here is the one that you continue to believe . After all I 've seen and experienced , I refuse to believe that it 's not true . Because it 's easier to believe the lie , isn 't it ? What the hell did that guy say to you that you believe his story ? He said that the men behind this hoax , ... _ .behind these lies , .. _ _ .gave me this disease to make you believe . What we generally mean is " intelligent " life , ... _ .something resembling our noble selves . It is highly probable ... _ - that there are such intelligent forms of life- - . _ .in other galaxies in the universe . And it is even more probable ... _ .that many of these forms are vastly more intelligent than we . I think there 's no question but that we live in an inhabited universe ... _ .that has life all over it . By Hnding out what the other planets are like , ... _ .by Ending out whether there are civilisations on planets of other stars , ... _ .we re-establish a meaningful context for ourselves . I don 't think we should wait until the encounter occurs , ... _ .but that we should do all in our power to prepare ourselves for it . I can conceive of no nightmare as terrifying ... .. as establishing such communication ... _ .with a so-called superion " _ .on if you wish , advanced technology in outer space . Early this morning ... I got a call from the police , ... _ .asking me to come to Agent Mulder 's apartment . The detective asked me ... He needed me to identify a body . Agent Scully ... Agent Mulder died late last night ... _ .from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
