 [ scully ] it begins where it ends- - in nothingness . a nightmare born from deepest fears ... coming to me unguarded , whispering images unlocked from time and distance . a soul unbound , touched by others but never held ... on a course charted by some unseen hand . the journey ahead promising no more ... than my past reflected back upon me ... until , at last , i reach the end , facing a truth i can no longer deny , alone , as ever . excuse me. i 'm looking for the special-needs ward . second door in the main hall . thanks . emily ? i 'd like you to meet a friend of mine . his name is mulder . remember i told you about him ? hi . she 's a little shy . what are you coloring ? a potato . have you ever seen mr. potato head ? he looks like this . doesn 't he ? i 'll be right back , okay ? thank you for coming . something 's wrong , isn 't it ? i found emily 's surrogate mother . i had frohike hack into the california social services adoption database . you got a name ? yeah. her mother of record is one anna fugazzi . fugazzi ? yeah , as in slang term for " fake . " i don 't understand . why create a false record ? because there are no true records . emily didn 't come into this world through any system that keeps them . well , how did she come into this world ? have you asked yourself that ? well , she was born to someone . she had to belong to someone . someone who 's proven that they 'll do anything to protect her ... or their interest in her . i can protect her too . and who 's gonna protect you ? emily 's adoptive parents are both dead by no accident . i know. i- - i 've considered that , but i 've also considered ... that there 's only one right thing to do . emily . why didn 't you call me sooner ? because i couldn 't believe it . but i need you now to be a witness on my behalf in this hearing . and i should have declined ... if i never want to see you hurt or harmed in any way . then why are you here ? because i know something that i haven 't said , something that they 'll use against you ... to jeopardize your custody of emily . no matter how much you love this little girl , she 's a miracle that was never meant to be , scully . they 're ready for you . [ man ] agent mulder , help me out here . does f.b.i. stand for federal bureau of imagination ? am i to understand that your partner , along with a dozen other women in allentown , pennsylvania , was abducted by employees of our federal government ? she was missing for four weeks . that 's documented in the file . and you found evidence that during this time , she was subjected to a series of experiments ... where , you say , they extracted her ova ? yes. all of them . can that be done ? i believe it can ... and was ... and that emily sim was conceived as a result of those experiments . and that can be done as well ? i don 't know how else to explain it . a medical exam of miss scully would show that she hasn 't given birth . you know , under normal circumstances , this petition would be fairly simple . but i 'm having a hard time wrapping my brain around this ... michael crichton bit . i included this information in anticipation of your reaction ... and how it might look if you received this information without any explanation . can you give me an explanation ... why anyone would kidnap miss scully ... to conceive this child , then put it up for adoption ? no , but the fact remains that miss scully is the mother of this child . not in any legal definition . well , if you can show me a legal precedent for this case , i 'd like to see it . dana has known for quite some time that she can 't bear children . she hasn 't known why . now , however that happened , the fact that she can adopt this child , her own flesh and blood , is something i don 't feel i have the right to question ... and i don 't believe anybody has the right to stand in the way of . takes two of us just to get my sister-in-law into bed these days . when is she due ? two weeks ago . why didn 't you tell me , mulder ? i never expected this . i thought i was protecting you . why would they do this to me ? i only know that genetic experiments were being done , that children were being created . children being created for who ? for who ? for what ? i don 't know . [ phone ringing ] hello . hello ? hello . is anybody there ? i need a call traced . an incoming call to residential line 550-0380 . mulder- - don 't hang up . okay , thanks . i got a trace . county children 's center . [ pounding ] what is it ? what 's the matter ? has anyone been here in the last half hour ? no. what 's going on ? she 's burning up . i 'll call 911 . scully . there 's something on her neck . oh , my god . okay , now , that doesn 't hurt . i 'm gonna turn this little thing . all right . i 'll try back later . i just spoke to the social worker . she hasn 't been able to reach emily 's doctor . hi . how is she ? well , we 've put her on a saline drip to rehydrate her . she 's running a fever of about 102 . it 's good you got her here when you did . do you know what 's causing it ? some kind of infection , probably related to the cyst on her neck . do you know what that is ? no. i 'm having it biopsied . i 'll get it off to the lab right away . now , are you two the parents ? - i 'm her mother . - oh , okay . well , can you give me any history that might help ? i know that she was being treated for anemia . do you know what type ? i was told ... that it was some kind of autoimmune hemolytic anemia . her treatment is experimental . who 's her doctor ? his name is calderon . i don 't know him . emily , i 'm gonna roll you onto your side , sweetie . wait ! wait , wait , wait. stop ! stop ! move away from her ! - move away from her ! - sir , i need to get in there . [ mulder ] get away from her ! get away ! don 't go in there . [ gasping ] is she still sleeping ? they have her on a mild sedative . the e.r. doctor is in and out of consciousness . how did you know ? if emily is someone 's creation , then it occurred to me that she might share the same body chemistry ... that we 've seen before . i had them put the doctor in a cooling bath like you did when i was exposed to this . so what now ? i mean , she 's still just a little girl . you say that i can 't protect her , but i can 't let this be her life . just a few days ago , she was fine . she was also being treated . i need some advice . with everything that 's happening here , i 'm a little at sea . this dr. calderon you say is emily 's physician ? he 's refusing to transfer her medical records . he can 't do that . he 's endangering her life . he said emily was in his care , and if you 're responsible for stopping that , then you 're the one endangering her . it 's an ethical violation . he says she was part of a double-blind medical trial ... and that he 's spoken to you about it . he also says you have no authority over this child . well , authority or not , i 'm not leaving her side . it 's beyond me , i 'm afraid . but it 's not beyond dr. calderon . i 'd like to say right up front that i know emily sim personally ... as your partner probably told you , and , uh- - my god , i never met a sweeter , more courageous little girl . i 'm so sorry to hear about her downturn . my hope is that these custody issues can be resolved ... so that she can resume her treatment here . but i 'm afraid i simply can 't release any information about her ... as it relates to our company 's experimental drug trials . what can i say to convince you ? it 's really not about convincing me . this is something that- - well , that we simply cannot do . it 's purely a business reality . it has to do with prangen 's exposure to litigation . and , of course , i 'll need to protect research ... which , frankly , represents a significant dollar investment . so i 'm wasting your time . this is not worth the life of a three-year-old girl . i wouldn 't frame it like that . that 's not it at all . look , i 'm truly sorry , but there 's really nothing i can do . however , i do wish you the very best . okay , then . how you feeling now ? a little more helpful ? condescending liar ! help ! why don 't you tell me what your company is really in business for ? huh ? abducting women and stealing their unborn children . medical rapists , that 's all you are ! now you 're gonna let that little girl die ? she 's just a lab rat to you ! why don 't you tell me whose life is worth saving- - yours or hers ? i want everything to help that little girl ! [ door opens ] i 'll be back . [ alarm chirps ] we 're ready . can you give me a minute with her ? hi . [ tv character ] something was going and got worse . hey , loofah sponge . what are you doing here ? sweetie . in a minute a nurse is gonna take you to do some tests . mommy said no more tests . we just want you to get better . that 's what these tests are about . [ whirring ] [ whirring continues ] he came to see me . he knows i 'm involved . now you brought him to see us . uh , what do you want me to tell him ? nothing . [ alarm chirps ] i hope you know what this is . a neoplastic mass , a tumorous infection . the cyst in the back of emily 's neck seems to be the point of origin . and from her blood test last night and her sed read this morning , it also seems to be growing rapidly . is it cancer ? no. cancer grows out of control . these are anaerobic channels following the path of the central nervous system . they have the effect of killing the surrounding tissue , depriving it of the oxygen it needs to survive . its point of origin is proximal to the brain and central nervous system . it couldn 't be in a worse place . can you put her on antivirals ? i 've got her on a levophed drip to keep her blood pressure up . she 's getting steroids intravenously to bring down inflammation . we could attempt radiation therapy . no , you can 't do that . her immune system 's too weak . well , what can you do ? has anyone spoken to dr. calderon about this ? dr. calderon ? [ beeping ] get dr. vlnet in there and call the police . [ woman ] dr. vlnet to isolation . dr. vlnet to isolation . halt ! dr. calderon ! f.b.i. ! stop that man ! [ cell phone ringing ] yeah . [ scully ] mulder , where are you ? i 'm following dr. calderon . what do you mean you 've been following him ? i just saw him . there was a scare here . where ? he was here . he came into emily 's room . it appears as if he injected her with something . is she all right ? she seems to be . but we 're running a tox screen anyway . whatever he injected her with , i don 't think he meant to harm her . - what are you talking about ? - i think dr. calderon went there to try to treat her . that doesn 't make sense . why would he endanger her before only to protect her now ? as a bluff. i don 't think they want her dead either , but for different reasons . look , i 'm gonna catch up with you , all right ? detective . happy new year . thanks for coming down . i 'm posting two cops outside her room . that may not be necessary . what if this guy calderon is thinking about coming back ? there seems to be some indication that he came here to help her . i don 't understand . you said on the phone ... that he was somehow connected to the death of emily 's parents . because emily 's mother wanted to stop the tests , just like i did . and i guess that 's why he came here . because as much as they will do anything to remove what gets in their way , it seems that they need emily to continue the tests . [ knocking ] hello . anna fugazzi ? yes . your name is anna fugazzi ? yes . are you the new doctor ? no , i 'm not . is that your real name ? yes , for the last 71 years . were you looking for me ? not until now . [ scully ] i don 't understand . just an hour ago you said that she was getting better . that 's right . her fever 's down . her vital signs are nearly back to normal . but these latest m.r.i. ' s are telling me ... that this growth has continued to spread . in her arms , i 'm now seeing what looks like ... a necrotizing of the tissue . it 's killing her . whatever it is , it may have already been present in some amount . basically , it 's shut down her body ... while it continues to grow . we should be thankful that she 's not in any pain . i presented all this information to the court . and i have to tell you that there is great concern ... that you are making decisions for this child . and they seem to be having no small effect on her health . miss chambliss , i am a medical doctor , and the decisions that i make are reasonable and right . but i have it right here in this report that dr. calderon 's treatment ... has actually resulted in a turnaround . no , that 's not true . the injection that dr. calderon gave her is actually making her worse . miss scully , i want to say something to you , and i don 't want you to take this the wrong way . but i don 't think that you are capable right now ... of responding with any clinical ability . do you think i don 't want what 's best for this child ? do you think that i 'm not trying to save her life ? i 'm saying that i 'm getting wildly differing reports . i have a job to do . i 'm not the ultimate authority here , but you don 't have the authority either ... over this child or her future . you can get a court order , and you can try and enforce it . but i suggest that if your job is to do what 's best for this child , you do everything in your power to tell the authorities ... that if they take emily out of this hospital , they are going to hasten her illness , and i will make it known that all of you are responsible . what do you want me to tell them you 're doing for her ? i don 't know yet , but i will . christina sherman ... delivered a healthy baby girl september 25 , 1994 . gretchen miller . delivered a baby boy march 18 , 1996 . evelyn burmeister . evelyn burmeister . delivered a baby boy ... june 21 , 1994 . that makes eight for eight . are you in adoption services , mulder ? no , i 'm at the maternity ward . any fetching young mothers in there ? you might have a shot here , frohike. you know anything about pharmaceuticals ? medicinal or , uh , recreational ? there 's two prescriptions on their med charts that all these women have in common . abbreviated- - pmz 200 and durtab . estrogen and progesterone . hormones . that doesn 't make any sense . pregnant women have those hormones in abundance . you wouldn 't give those to pregnant women . you would these . anna . there 's a doctor that comes to visit you , a dr. calderon . yes . do you know where he is ? actually , i 'm looking for him . he 's supposed to be here . i was going to start my beauty sleep . your beauty sleep . what is that ? he said it 's taken years off my appearance . you okay in there , emily ? good . i 'm gonna be right here the whole time , okay ? we 're gonna put extra air in there , so let me know if your ears start to hurt . [ hissing ] you okay , sweetie ? turn it off . - turn it off now ! - i 'm doing it , ma 'am . it 's okay , sweetie . settle down . we 're gonna get you out of there as fast as we can , okay ? flinch and you 're dead . hands where i can see ' em . what have you got there ? just give it to me slowly . up against the wall . spread your legs . who are you ? detective kresge , san diego p.d. detective kresge , i 'm special agent mulder with the f.b.i. take that gun off me and put it on that man . stop right there . run. get out of here . don 't use your gun . get out of here ! i said stop right there . - kresge ! - i said stop right there . don 't fire , kresge ! i 'm an f.b.i. agent . i have an emergency situation . i need an ambulance and backup . i don 't know where i am . mulder . i got him inside . you have your weapon ? he 's in there on the floor . i got his hands cuffed . i got backup coming . they need a location though . i 'll take care of it . just watch the guy . detective kresge is going to radio in the location . she 's gone into a coma . i 'm okay , mulder . it 's what 's meant to be . but if you could treat her- - i wouldn 't . i wouldn 't do it to her . are you sure ? mulder , whoever brought this child into this world ... didn 't intend to love her . i think she was- - she was born to serve an agenda . i have a chance to stop that . you were right . this child was not meant to be . i 'll stay with you . i think i 'd like to be alone . are you ready ? i think i 'll get a ride back with mulder . bye-bye , matthew . we 'll see you at home , okay ? who are the men who would create a life whose only hope is to die ? i don 't know . but that you found her ... and you had a chance to love her- - maybe she was meant for that too . she found me . so you could save her . how 's detective kresge ? he 's doing better . he 's out of the i.c.u. and the men who did this to him ? they already cleaned up the nursing home . all the women are being placed in new homes . there 's no evidence that anyone else at the prangen corporation ... knew of calderon 's work . there is evidence of what they did . [ child ] i made this .
