 Morris . Morris , I need to talk to you . Morris , it 's me . Are you there ? Morris ? Morris , if you 're in there , open the damn door . Morris ? Morris , open up ! Morris , I need to talk to you . Gail Anne is dead . It 's my fault . Morris ! Morris , I need to talk to you . Open the door , Morris , please . Answer the door , damn it ! Oh , no . Oh , no . Oh , God , no . God , no . No . No , no ! Oh , God , please , no ! Two apparent abductions in less than a month , and then this one last night . According to my contact , the Richmond PD has hit a brick wall , so I told her we 'd come down and have a look . Who 's your contact ? Her name 's Kelly Ryan . She was one of my students when I was teaching at the academy . She 's just been bumped up to detective , and she 's a little nervous about her supervisor finding out the FBI are involved . Kelly . Agent Scully . - Hi . - Hi . This is Agent Mulder . - Hi . Thank you for coming . - You 're welcome . Heard a lot about you . We 'll talk later . The missing man is Patrick Newirth , age 52 . He 's a top executive with Morley Tobacco up from Raleigh-Durham for a meeting . He arrived on an evening train . How do you know he 's missing ? He set a wake-up call for 6 : 00 a.m. this morning . When the operator tried to place it , there was no answer . Mmm . Scotch . It looks like he barely touched it . Needless to say , he missed his meeting . They waited three hours before sending hotel security up . The door was locked , security chain fastened , and when they broke in , no Patrick Newirth . Windows ? Locked from the inside . We 're six stories up- - no fire escape . No way in or out of this room . Agent Scully , what are you looking at ? Uh , the heat register . You don 't think anyone could 've squeezed in there . You never know . You guys turn up any forensics evidence at all ? Just this . Scully , look at this . - What is it ? - We don 't know . The hotel claims it wasn 't here before Mr. Newirth checked in . And there were similar burn marks at each of the previous crime scenes . Was Patrick Newirth a smoker ? No . According to his wife , he loathed cigarettes . That 's strange for a man who worked for a tobacco company . - Did you run a test on it ? - Yes , sir . It 's mostly carbon , with some potassium and trace minerals . Well , could be residue from burned human flesh . This look like an arm to anybody ? An arm ? What are you thinking , Mulder ? This burn mark- - it 's right where I 'd be if I was standing here answering the door , right ? - Yes . - And I wouldn 't be looking out the peephole unless there was something to look at , would I ? That makes sense . Detective Ryan , could you have this bulb dusted for prints ? Of course . And can you run those against Mr. Newirth 's ? Do you have Mr. Newirth 's prints ? We got them from his toiletries and check-in slip . Okay , can you check those against all hotel employees and registered guests ? Anything else ? Yeah , do you have the name of the last missing person ? Uh ... that would be Margaret Wysnecki . Thanks . This should do it . Is this your first case , Detective ? Yes , sir . Any idea why they gave it to you ? No one else wanted it . Because of the lack of evidence , this is still officially a missing persons case . Not likely to end up on the front page of the daily paper . I wouldn 't be so sure about that . Can I ask what you think may have happened ? At first blush ? Spontaneous human combustion . You 're doing just fine . Having a little fun ? What are you talking about ? Spontaneous human combustion ? I have over a dozen case files . A human body is reduced to ash without any attendant burning or melting . Rapid oxidation without heat . Let 's just forget for the moment that 's there 's no scientific theory to support it . Okay . Hey , Scully , can you spare a prophylactic ? Thanks . What are the odds of that , huh ? Darkness covers a multitude of sins . Check this out . My newest tool in the fight against crime . $ 49.95 at your local hardware store . Neat trick . For your birthday , I 'll buy you a utility belt . Look at this , Mulder . Hmm . What do we know about the victim ? Margaret Wysnecki , age 66 . Widowed , retired from Laramie Tobacco , where she worked production line for 36 years . Tobacco . Patrick Newirth worked for Morley Tobacco , didn 't he ? Yeah , but half of Richmond earns their paycheck making cancer sticks- - could be just a coincidence . Yeah , you 're probably right . The first missing person , Gail Anne Lambert , was an engineer for Polarity Magnetics , Inc . They didn 't find any prints in here or anywhere else in the house . What makes you think the prints on the bulb mean anything ? I don 't know . Oh , look at this , Scully . Someone forgot to empty the trash . M. Wysnecki , round-trip to Hampton Roads , Virginia . Return train dated March 17 . That 's the same day she disappeared . Patrick Newirth came into town by train , didn 't he ? And Gail Anne Lambert ... Uh , no , it doesn 't say anything here that puts her anywhere near the Richmond train station . Maybe that was a detail that was overlooked . Well , even so , what 's the significance ? Maybe these people aren 't just disappearing , maybe they 're being hunted , and the hunter 's working the train station . And whatever happened to spontaneous human combustion ? Maybe it 's not so spontaneous . Get on the phone to your young detective , and tell her to get a detail down to the train station . 56 , this is 64 . Suspicious male loitering in the alley behind the train station . I 'm going to check him out . Roger that , 64 . I 'm on my way . Sir , can I speak with you ? Hold on ! I only want to ask you a couple of questions ! All right , stop right there . Don 't move . Just hold it . Put your hands in the air , sir . Stay away from me . What do you think you 're doing ? All right , come on out of there . We just want to talk to you . Stay away from me ! I don 't want to hurt you . Move it ! Hands where we can see them . Please , I 'm warning you . I 'm a dangerous man . Keep moving , pal . Out where we can see you . All right , I want you to lie face down on the ground . Don 't come any closer . Get down on the ground , sir . Now ! Please . You don 't understand . Oh , God , no ! Barney ? Don 't ! No ! Stay away ! Oh , God . No , no . Oh , God , not again ! Oh , God ! Oh , no ! No ! What happened here , Kelly ? I sent two patrolmen down here last night like you told me . They lost radio contact with them just after midnight . All they found this morning was two more scorch marks on the pavement . Nothing else ? No . Suddenly , this looks like it could be a cop-killer case , and I 'm indirectly responsible . Well , you were just doing your job . Yeah , well , they want to know on what suspicions I sent these men down here . If I tell them I 've involved the FBI , they 're going to snap . The prints you pulled from that lightbulb ... I ran it against all the hotel staff and guests , then through the national databases . No match . Some first case , huh ? You just make sure you hang on to this case . I 'm sure something will turn up . These ideas of yours , Mulder , you care to share them ? Not yet . You don 't have a clue , do you ? He was here , Scully ; I was right about that . All right , where does this leave us ? Maybe with enough to identify the killer . How ? He was here last night . He was also probably here on March 17 and 31 . Those are the dates that Margaret Wysnecki and Patrick Newirth disappeared . That leaves us with three days of train station videotapes to cross-reference and hopefully find out who this guy is . That 's assuming we 're looking for a guy . Either way , the security camera 's our only witness . It could be any one of these people , Mulder . Or none of them . We 've gone through the entire week , and I 'm still not sure how you expect to find him . That 's it for March 22 on the arrival deck . Okay , let 's go back to the terminal tape . Again ? He 's got to be on at least one of these tapes . Chances are , he 's not walking around carrying a sign with an arrow on it . There you go . See , this guy right here- - he 's always here . What 's he doing ? Looking at the floor . Why 's he doing that ? Probably the same reason he spends his whole afternoon in the train station . Can you freeze this and blow it up 200 % ? Sure . Okay , can you reframe and blow it up some more ? He 's got something on his jacket right there . I 'll see if I can pull it up . Polarity Magnetics . That 's where the first victim worked . Looks like it 's been closed up . Yes ? We 're Agents Mulder and Scully with the FBI . We 're looking for a man who may have worked here . When was this taken ? March 22 . Do you know him ? Sure , I know him . Dr. Chester Banton . He was my business partner . You mean he 's not anymore ? I don 't know . I would assume not . This is the first I 've seen of him in five weeks . I wondered if he wasn 't going to turn up dead . How 's that ? Chester was involved in a terrible accident here . Polarity Magnetics does- - or did- - primarily two kinds of research . Mostly , we were designing mag-lev applications- - people movers , bullet trains- - but for Chester , that was just a way to pay the bills for the really theoretical stuff he was interested in . Which was what ? Researching dark matter . Quantum particles , neutrinos , gluons , mesons , quarks . Subatomic particles . The mysteries of the universe . Theoretically , the very building blocks of reality . Except no one knows if they truly exist . Chester was sure they did . So sure , he bet his life on it . This is where it happened . Chester was working to isolate a new particle . He 'd been working on it for a year . This is a particle accelerator . One-fifth the power of the Texas supercollider in a space the size of a Walmart . Powered by what ? Couple billion megawatts . Virginia Power loved us . Exactly what happened here ? The work involved the bombardment of beta particles with an alpha target- - negative against positive . Chester had everything set and had started the countdown when he realized he 'd made a mistake . There was something that needed readjusting in the target room . Except , you can 't stop the countdown once you 've begun . There was time to safely make the change , but I 'd left the room for a minute when Chester decided to go in . I didn 't realize until it was too late that the door had locked behind him . Look at this . As far as I can tell , it burned Chester 's shadow right into the wall . How did he survive ? All I can figure is , the quanta liberated off the target have virtually no mass- - that they slid right through his body . Like getting an X-ray . A two-billion-megawatt X-ray . When I looked at the monitor and saw what was happening- - that Chester was trapped in here- - I panicked . I cut the power , but it was too late . I remember looking and seeing Chester . He was perfectly calm . Almost like he wanted it to happen . Like he was finally going to experience the dark matter he had theorized in some kind of physical way . As if the truth might come into him . Excuse me . What do you think , Scully ? Well , this looks like the same kind of material that they found at each of the other crime scenes . Maybe what we 're dealing with is some kind of spontaneous human combustion . I 'm less convinced of that now . What do you think it is ? I don 't know . Whatever it is , it 's connected to the person of Dr. Chester Ray Banton- - maybe even part of him . Well , whatever it is , we have to find him . Well , I know of only one place to start looking . There 's no sign of him , Mulder . Maybe he 's moved on . What are you looking at ? In the videotape , Dr. Banton kept staring at the floor , and I 'm trying to figure out what he might have been looking at . Well , maybe the exposure affected his mind . Nonsensical , repetitive behavior is a common trait of mental illness . You trying to tell me something ? I called Detective Ryan . She 's having the prints on the lightbulbs checked against Banton 's . Did you tell her about Dr. Banton 's accident ? No , I only told her that he was a possible suspect and that it was a bit too early to get her hopes up . And that right now , we have more questions than we do answers . Like ? Like a motive . Like a murder weapon . Like ... What if Dr. Banton ... ? Look here . There are hardly any shadows cast . What do you mean ? The lighting in here is diffused . It 's soft light . What if that 's what Dr. Banton was looking for ? Looking for his shadow ? Dr. Banton . Stop right there ! Dr. Banton ! Please ... just leave me alone . We 're federal agents , Dr. Banton . You don 't understand . You 're making a big mistake . Stay away from me . Wait ! It 'll kill you . It doesn 't care who you are . Oh , thank God . I thought the orders were to keep this patient in the dark . He insisted on soft light . It 's the only way he 'd let us open the door . How can you even begin to understand what it 's like ? We 're trying to understand . Living in a train station day and night , living like a bum . Afraid to fall asleep because of what might happen . The accident in the lab- - the quanta bombardment- - you believe that altered you physically ? You could ... you could say that . Can you tell us how ? Even if I could , you wouldn 't understand . But it has something to do with dark matter ? It has everything to do with dark matter . My shadow ... isn 't mine . It 's ... it 's like a black hole . It splits molecules into component atoms . It unzips electrons from their orbits , reduces matter into pure energy . That 's how you killed Gail Anne Lambert ? Wasn 't me . Gail Anne was my colleague . She ... The night after the accident , I went to see her . I was just standing in the doorway . I was ... I was looking right at her , and then she was gone . You have no control over it ? If I could control it , do you think I would let it go around killing people ? All I can do is ... study it ... try and divine its true nature before they do . " They " ? The government . They 're after me . And when they find me , they 're going to do the brain suck they 've just been dying to do . " Brain suck . " For the purpose of ... ? For the purpose of stealing what has taken me years to accomplish . And don 't think they wouldn 't kill to get it . But if they ... if they killed you , then wouldn 't your shadow just ... ? Disappear ? Who knows ? That 's why you have to get me out of here . If I die , there could be nothing left to tether this thing . Excuse me . I 'm going to have to ask you to discontinue your interrogation of the suspect . This is Detective Barron . He 's the primary on this case . Yeah , I was just wondering what your involvement is here . We caught the guy . I appreciate that . But no one seems to be able to recall inviting the FBI in on this case . Agent Mulder and I are here strictly in an unofficial capacity . Then who brought you in ? We were curious about the unexplained nature of the case . Well , Banton 's prints place him at two of the crime scenes , and Transit Authority tapes show him in the immediate vicinity of two of the most recent victims . So I say this case is looking pretty much explained . Really ? Have you talked to Dr. Banton ? I hope you 're not trying to interrogate me , Agent Mulder , because I 'm not the suspect . I don 't think you know anything about this case , which is why you stuck it with Detective Ryan . And I think you should allow her to decide how to proceed . Detective Ryan is handling this case . She 's done well , and I see no reason not to continue to let her prosecute it once the prisoner has been transferred . Transferred ? Where ? To the city jail , in preparation for his arraignment . I don 't think you fully appreciate this man 's condition or the danger that he poses . I don 't think you have the authority to tell me or anyone else in my unit how to do our job . I think we can handle it from here , Agent Mulder . We 'll call you if there 's anything more you can do . Come on , Mulder , let 's go . Soft light . He needs soft light . Hope you know what you 're doing , Scully . What do you mean ? Putting Detective Ryan 's ambition - ahead of all good sense in this case . - Ambition ? She 's a woman trying to survive the boys ' club , Mulder . Believe me , I know how she feels . The difference is , you never put yourself ahead of your work . And that 's what 's happening here . Look , the fact is , we have no jurisdiction here . We were called in as a favor . And as a favor , we just handed over the A-bomb to the Boy Scouts . I 'm sure all the necessary precautions will be taken . And I 'm sure that Robert Oppenheimer got similar reassurances from his government- - the same government that Dr. Banton is afraid of . You don 't believe all this paranoia about brain sucking , do you ? That man is scared , and it 's not just of his own shadow . Mulder , as brilliant as Dr. Banton may be , he is also clearly delusional . He demonstrated just about every textbook indicator back there . We 've both seen the physical evidence , Scully . Look , I don 't know how to explain it , but that 's not our job . I don 't know what else we should do . I think I do . All you 've given me is a name- - Chester Ray Banton . Dr. Chester Ray Banton . Do you know him ? No . Should I ? He 's being held by the Richmond Police in connection with several bizarre murders . He 's a physicist , researching quarks , gluons- - dark matter . He believes the government is out to get him . It 's tax season . So do most Americans . He believes his life is in danger . Is he a dangerous man ? Yes . Where is he being held ? At the Yaloff Psychiatric Hospital , but not for long . I 'm afraid I can 't help you . Why ? The last time I helped you , I bloodied my fist and regrettably exposed my identity to associates of yours . Yes , I know . And you can trust them as you trust me . I promise . Dead men can 't keep promises . The next time , the blood and regret could be yours . I 'm not at your beck and call , Agent Mulder . I have nothing to gain and everything to lose by helping you . Promise you won 't contact me again unless absolutely necessary . Promise . Frank , are your lights on down there ? Ours just went ... Hi . We 're here to transfer Chester Ray Banton . I have orders he 's not being transferred until tomorrow . Due to the power outage , there 's been a change of plans . No one 's supposed to go in there ! Here . Quickly . Who are you ? No , don 't do this . Please . Please , no . No , don 't . Leave me alone . Mulder . What did you find out , Scully ? Richmond PD had two officers outside watching the entrance . They didn 't see anybody come in . According to the floor nurse , there were three men . Three ? The power was disconnected at a substation two blocks from here . Somebody posing as a city engineer . Somebody who would have access to plans for Virginia Power so they could take it off the grid without affecting surrounding facilities . Somebody from the government coming for Dr. Banton ? Just because you 're paranoid doesn 't mean they 're not out to get you , Scully . But my guess is he was unsuccessful , and Dr. Banton 's on the loose . That 's what Detective Ryan thinks . Yeah , I just saw her leave . She was in charge of Dr. Banton 's transfer and arraignment this morning . She 's in some pretty hot water . Well , maybe that was an appointment he was never meant to keep . - Let 's go . - Where ? Mulder , wait . Where are we going ? You heard what Dr. Banton said last night . I heard him say a lot of things . Put yourself in his head , Scully . I think the only reason he hasn 't tried to kill himself is because he 's afraid his death will release the dark matter . Wait a second . That 's still just a theory , and it 's a pretty wild one at that . Whether or not Dr. Banton is actually telling the truth , he believes he is . And apparently , so does whoever it is who tried to take him last night . All that he 's been trying to do since the accident is try to control this thing . And if he escapes , he 's going to go to the one place where he thinks he can do that , We got to get there first . Don 't turn on the light , Chris , unless you want to die . Chester , what the hell is going on ? The FBI have been looking for you . Where have you been ? There 's no time to explain . Just come with me . What 's this about , Chester ? You 're acting crazy . Talk to me ! We found the dark matter , Chris . It 's real , we found it . What are you talking about ? Don 't you understand ? ! I 'm it . It 's ... it 's in me . The accident ? They 're coming for me , Chris . We have to destroy this thing before they get here . No , you can 't go back in there , Chester . Police ! I am placing you under arrest , Dr. Banton . A lot of people will die if you do this . Step against the wall , sir . I 'm begging you . I don 't want to hurt you . I said step against the wall . Now . I 'm sorry . Let 's go . We don 't have much time . Chester ! No matter what they say to you later , you 're doing the right thing . Lock it up , Chris . All right , let 's get the accelerator online . I 'm afraid not , Chester . You can do it , Chris . I can , but I 'm not . No , Chris . Tell me you 're not working for them . Wish I could , Chester . You son of a bitch ! Careful . We don 't want you to hurt yourself . I 'll die before I let them use me ! You 're lightning in a bottle , Chester . We 're not about to let you die . Chris , don 't do this . Listen to me ! This is wrong ! You 're making a terrible mistake . I 've got him . He 's not going anywhere till you pick him up . Chris ! Chris ? Chris ? ! What 's happening ? Chris ? ! Chris ? We 're not the first ones here , Mulder . That 's Detective Ryan 's car . I was afraid of this . Mulder . Oh , damn it . What 's that noise ? It 's the accelerator . Mulder ! Scully , look at this . He must have killed her and then killed himself . He couldn 't have . This chamber 's been sealed from the outside . By who ? Agent Mulder . I thought you had agreed not to contact me again about this . You lied to me . About ? About Chester Ray Banton . You knew who he was , and you used me to lead you to him . You were the one who contacted me , Agent Mulder . I won 't be your stalking horse , or the government 's . You seem to be mistaken about the amount of control you exercise over this arrangement . You killed Dr. Banton ! Have you lost your mind ? A nurse at the hospital identified you . A young detective is dead because of you . Who do you answer to ? Despite my loyalty to my predecessor , I 've never made you any promises . All right . Promise me something right now . Promise me this will be our last meeting . We 're finished . You 're choosing a dangerous time to go it alone , Agent Mulder . Mulder ? I didn 't kill him . Mourners are invited to pay their respects to the family at the Ryan home . How you doing ? I 'm not sure how to feel about this , Mulder . She was my student , and she came to me for help . I know it must be hard . This shouldn 't have happened . This never should have happened . I 'm sorry I 'm late . I got hung up at the Richmond PD . Doing what ? A missing person report was filed this morning by a Dr. Morris West . He 's a physicist affiliated with Polarity Magnetics . I 'm not sure I follow you . The missing person was Dr. Christopher Davey . He hasn 't been seen or heard from since Banton disappeared . Do they have any leads or know where he might be ? No , none . But you do . I 've been wondering , what if it wasn 't Banton we saw in the particle accelerator ? Well , if Banton 's not dead , then where is he ? Dr. Davey would have been helpful to us . We 'll be studying this man for a long time . I made this !
