 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Miss Holland , I 'm Nurse Waite . I 'll be assisting in your procedure . Will it hurt ? You won 't feel a thing . There 's no blood . Dr Lloyd 's done over a thousand Iipo procedures . You 're in good hands . ( orderly ) OK , here we go . I 'm going to give you a tranquilliser now , _ _ . _ .then the doctor will give you injections of saline and anaestnetic . All you have to worry about is buying a new wardrobe . Your liposuction patient is prepped and in room five . Fine . What else am I scheduled for ? You 've got a scalp reduction and a blepharoplasty _ Are they prepped ? - Um , no . Would you like . _ _ ? - Get them ready , please . I 'd like to move right along today . Yes , doctor . ( whirring ) How are you doing ? Is the doctor going to be much longer ? I think my tranquilliser 's starting to wear off . I 'm sorry . I don 't know where ... Dr Lloyd ! I think this patient is finished . What else do you call it ? When you 're in your body and out of it at the same time , .. _ _ .unable to control your actions , .. _ _ .to stop yourself from doing what I did to that poor man ? - What else do you call it ? - Spirit possession or demon possession ? While these mental states have been well documented , _ _ _ .. they 've been much maligned and haven 't held up in court well as a criminal defence . I have advised my client against speaking to you . I 'd appreciate it if you would direct any legal discussion to counsel . Dr Lloyd , are you taking any kind of medication ? The odd sleeping pill and a prescription antacid for my stomach . Would you mind if I check the dosage and which ones ? No , I really ... I would like to know why ... You 've got a clear picture of my client 's story ... _ .and his willingness to go along with your investigation . Yes , I believe we have . Dr Lloyd , you say that you 've taken sleeping pills . How much sleep did you get the night before ? I , um ... I can 't recall . The sleeping pill he was taking was called Somanil . I 've heard of it . It works directly on the central nervous system and it isn 't stored in body tissue . But it 's controversial for its addictiveness and its effect on long-term behaviour . What was ... What was the date of Dr Lloyd 's prescription ? He started taking it five years ago , and went through ... Oh , he took a lot of it : 19100-tablet refills . - Wow . - Yeah . - That 's more than a pill a day . - An addiction , in other words . An addiction which very well could have altered his ability to do his job . How many of these procedures would you say he 's performed ? Judging from his schedule the clay of the accident ... Hhundreds , and probably thousands . And not one fatality . You 're missing my point , IVlulder . This place is a veritable factory . Cosmetic surgery is a boom industry . ASU wards like this are a gold mine . Everybody 's doing it , so I hear . A brand-new , state-of-the-art facility like this can support an entire hospital . - What do you suppose these are ? - What ? These five marks on your brand-new , state-of-the-art floor . They look like they were made by the coasters from an OR table ... _ .or some kind of equipment . They look to me like they were burned or scorched . It 's the shape of a pentagram . If you want to connect the dots here , you should look at the facts . Iatrogenic deaths or deaths due to doctor error are upwards of 80,000 a year . Dr Lloyd was pushing his limits . He was an accident waiting to happen . I 'm not a doctor , but you 've got to be pushing hard to mistake a beer belly for a bald head , _ _ _ _ .not to mention door number three . It 's amazing that no one saw him in time to stop him . Maybe they were all possessed . I don 't think it 's a simple possession . I think it 's more like sorcery or black magic or something like that . Excuse me . What kind of procedure is that up there ? It 's a rhinoplasty . I 'm sorry , who are you ? We 're with the FBI . I 'm Agent Scully and this is Agent Mulder . We 're investigating a patient 's death here . Oh , uh , yes . You 're Rebecca Waite . You were the attending nurse at the time ? YSS . Can you explain what happened , how a mistake like this could happen ? No . No , I can 't really . I wasn 't in the OR at the time and ... it 's difficult for me in my position . Did you observe Dr Lloyd at all before the accident ? I helped prep the patient . I was supposed to assist . I did my job as a nurse . Are you aware that Dr Lloyd is claiming he was possessed during the incident ? I guess it 's cheaper than malpractice insurance . Give him 50ocos of Ringer 's wide open before he goes to Recovery . - I need you to keep up with me . - Right away , Dr Shannon . Dr Shannon , can we have a word , please ? I 've got a patient who can 't wait . There 's magic going on here , Mulder , ... _ .only it 's being done with silicone , collagen and a well-placed scalpel . What we have to do here is keep calm and do nothing out of the ordinary . The appearance of any impropriety will only deepen the FBI 's probe , ... _ .on top of Dr lloyd 's insurance investigation . Dr Lloyd has made us a target . The last thing we need is to be caught up in an expose . Then they look at our books again . It 's bad enough we have to explain why buttock Iiposculptures cost 4,000 a pop . We look greedy , therefore we look guilty . We haven 't done anything wrong , Dr Illaqua . If we give any credence or credibility to Dr Lloyd 's story , they 'll burn us at the stake . What about the other personnel ? They were talking to the nurse , Waite . She can 't tell them anything ... _ .because she doesn 't know anything . I can 't feel my feet . I 'm having a skin peel , ... _ .but I can 't feel my feet . It 's OK. it 's OK . Your feet are still there . They aren 't goin ' anywhere . It 's , it 's just ... .. I 'm afraid to be put to sleep . What if I don 't wake up ? Not to worry . Not to worry . I want you to relax ... _ .and think about your beautiful new face . You 're in good hands . We 're going to protect you . ( knocking ) - You wanted to show me something ? - Yeah , a videotape . This video shows that the five marks delineating the pentagram ... _ .were in evidence prior to the patient 's death . Stop it a second . My God , be basically stabbed the man to death in his sleep . Which underscores the strangeness . A sane man acting under his own volition could never perform such an act . Look . There . Presuming that has anything to do with this , who put them there ? I don 't know . A pentagram is meant to be a symbol of protection , .. _ _ .used to control the elemental forces . - Then it doesn 't make sense . - But it makes sense that witchcraft ... _ .would find a theatre in a place like this , preying on the weak and vainglorious . But there 's no other evidence of witchcraft taking place here . Maybe there is . What was that prescription that Dr Lloyd was taking ? - The sleeping pills ? - No , the stomach antacid . Read me what it 's made from . " An antispasmodic - active ingredients include belladonna alkaloids ... " Belladonna - also known as witch 's berry . That 's an herb used in hexing rituals . Do you know now many pharmaceuticals contain belladonna ? Yeah , just the one Dr Lloyd was taking . If it 's that simple , why don 't you put out an APB for someone riding a broom ? You jest , but there 's a good chance that this hex or ritual may not be finished . The FBI seems to have backed off , at least for the time being . YSS . - Are you finished for the day ? - Yes . I 've got a laser peel . Then I 'm outta here . We 're gonna get through this , Eric . All we have to do is keep our heads on straight . The patient 's prepped . Is there anything I can do ? Yes , I 'm gonna need a clean pair of scrubs from the laundry . I 'll get them now . Is there anything you need , Dr Illaqua ? No , thank you . - Am I prepped in another room ? - No , your patient 's in OR two . Who 's that ? That 's Dr Illaqua . What the hell is he doing with my patient ? ( whirring ) ( Shannon ) Dr Illaqual Open this door ! Eric , open this door immediately ! Dr Illaqua , do you hear me ? You 've got to stop this now ! This is wrong ! What are you doing ? Eric ! Open this door immediately ! This is Dr Shannon ! I said stop this now ! Stop ! You don 't remember anything , Dr Illaqua ? How you got in the room or what compelled you to do such a thing ? No . I was on my way home . Do you realise what you 've done now ? YSS . May I I 'll be right back . Did you examine the victim ? No , just Dr lllaqua _ Why ? I found something else on the videotape . Right there . What are they , bruises ? I don 't know , but the orientation of the points describes a pentagram again . See ? Well , I found something too . That 's the same prescription as Dr Lloyd . You think it 's just a coincidence ? Yeah . Any change in scheduling or workload ... _ .is going to give the appearance of covering guilt . We can 't compromise our position on this . Sorry to barge in , but this is a matter of urgency . No , please . I 'm Dr Jack Franklin . IVlay we ask you to sit down ? It appears we 've interrupted a gathering . Gathering ? Sir , can you imagine this group 's concern about what 's happened , _ _ _ _ .and our urgency to resolve this ... _ .and to finally bring the person responsible to justice ? Finally ? I don 't know how much of this you know , ... _ .but ten years ago , ... _ .there were several deaths at this hospital , here in the ASU , ... _ _ and , like the recent deaths , _ _ _ _ .they were all ruled accidental . - Were any of you here at the time ? - A few of us , yes , but ... _ .more importantly ... .. there 's a nurse , Rebecca Waite . She was on the ward during those incidents . Six weeks ago , she transferred back here to the ASU . Do you have any other reasons to suspect her ? She 's the only person who had some contact ... _ .with each of the victims and the doctors involved . - Have you spoken with her ? - No , she left early , _ _ _ _ .and no one 's been able to find her . ( woman chanting softly in foreign language ) ( chanting continues ) ( cat meows ) Probable cause . Under suspicion of being a witch ? Mulder . What could she have been doing in here ? Probably not tax returns . ( water dripping ) ( dripping ) You have reached the 911 emergency line . Please stay on the line . ( growls ) You don 't know what you 're doing . Let me go ! They don 't understand . - You have to tell them . - I want to speak to her . - Tell them ! - Mulder , don 't _ I tried to stop him , but it 's too powerful . Someone has to stop ... ( gasping gagging ) - Get the paramedics over here . - ( fetching ) Get the paramedics over here now ! She swallowed straight pins and is bleeding internally . Get her into surgery immediately . ( paramedic ) There you go . I 'm going with her to the ER . ( siren blaring ) I would have done it myself , _ _ _ _ .but I 'm Still a little shaky . Jack , you 're a lot cooler than I 'd be if it 'd been me . Well , the important thing is ... .. it 's over now . Dr Franklin ? Ah ... _ .Agent Mulder . - I came to see if you were OK . - Yes , I 'm fine . Thank you . That woman broke in . She was in here waiting for him . - Looks like she took a good shot at you . - Yes , apparently . Nothing that a little plastic surgery won 't fix up , though , huh ? Do you have any idea why she might have attacked you ? I 'm the one who voiced suspicion about her . - She wouldn 't have known that . - It could 've been any of us . She 's mad . We have reason to believe she 's a practitioner of ritual magic . - Ritual magic ? - A practising witch . She 's responsible for Dr Lloyd and Dr Illaqua ? Witchcraft caused them to kill those patients ? I think a lot remains to be proven . I 'm sorry . This evening has been a bit much , and I really need to get some rest . I think all of us would like to get some rest , _ .. _ .get back to work and ... _ .put this behind us . - ( Scully ) Mulder , it 's me . - Come in. it 's open . - God , you look tired . - I do ? I was at the hospital . Our suspect , Rebecca Waite , was pronounced 20 minutes ago . Cause of death ? Massive blood loss clue to haemorrhaging ... _ .caused by the expulsion of hundreds of straight pins . You ever see anything like that ? Well , in med school I saw some weird stuff . There 's a psychiatric disorder called pica , _ _ _ _ .which is characterised by the craving for non-food objects like clay , rocks , glue . - But if she swallowed ... - She would have died long before that . Unless she didn 't ingest them , which would fit with a phenomenon called allotriophagy _ - Allotriopnagy ? - Spontaneous vomiting or disgorgementm _ .of foul or strange objects , usually associated with someone possessed . I won 't refute that this woman was practising the occult , _ _ _ _ .but what comes out must first go in . According to this book , people have coughed up things ... _ .from cue balls to knives with no explanation of how they got there . - Where 'd you get this from ? - Rebecca Waite 's house . It 's the same place I got this . This calendar was open at April . The 30th is marked by a familiar symbol . What 's the significance of the 30th ' ? It 's one of the four greater witches ' sabbaths . It 's also known as Roodmas . It 's also the birth date of the first victim . Now , July 31st ... _ .is also marked with a pentagram This coincides with Lammas , another witches ' sabbath . It 's the birth date of the second victim . She was choosing victims based on their birthdays ? No , no . Remember , I said the pentagram is a protective symbol . I think Rebecca Waite was trying to save them . I think she knew they were in danger . - Which made her attack Dr Franklin . - She knew something about him , _ _ _ _ .and we should find out what that is before he goes back to work . - I just got a disturbing call . - From whom ? The FBI . They were asking about patients ' birth dates . They 're on their way over . - I thought this was over . - Apparently not . You have a good thing going , you can bet somebody will try and take it away . I 'm beginning to understand why a man becomes a conservative . He 's got something to conserve . - Are you all right , Jack ? - I didn 't get much sleep last night . - Of course you didn 't . - I 'll be fine . Gail , push my osteoplasty back half an hour . Yes , docton I 'm taking your chem peel . You 're going home . - I said I 'll be fine . - Take a look at yourself . You look like hell , Jack . Look , I appreciate the offer . Don 't get me wrong . I am not being magnanimous here . We just can 't afford to make any more mistakes right now . Yes , thank you . Dr Franklin 's left , but his office confirms ... _ .one of his patient 's birthdays corresponds with one of the sabbaths . - When is that patient scheduled ? - She 's already in pre-op ... _ .and one of the other doctors is filling in . Is Dr Franklin OK ? - He 's just not feeling very well . - Oh . I suppose this is one of those procedures ... - _ .that all doctors here can do , isn 't it ? - Yes . Yes , Dr Franklin said ... _ .that a chemical skin peel is safe , ... .. almost ... risk-free . - We 're looking for Dr Shannon . - ( screaming ) Our practice has been affiliated with Greenwood for 13 years . Now the ASU accounts for over 50 % of this hospital 's revenue . Do you understand what that means ? That doctors in other fields have seen their earnings fall ... _ .because of managed health care , and you 've all become wealthy . We fill a need . We didn 't create it . Everyone wants to be beautiful . But our success made us arrogant . I 'm willing to accept responsibility for certain of our ... mistakes . Mistakes ? Like those patient deaths ten years ago ? That any of us could be capable of such gross negligence was inconceivable . So you covered it up . If we did , it was with the hospital 's blessing . They conducted the investigation . We had become too valuable an asset , ... _ .something they had to protect , even at the cost of five lives . - There were five deaths ? - Yes , four patients . The fifth was a colleague of ours who , for all intents and purposes , ... _ .worked himself to death . He died of a drug overdose . - What was his name ? - Dr Cox . Clifford Cox . - Do you have a file on him ? - In the computer . I 'll need that and the files on the deaths ten years ago . Why ? What are you thinking ? Dr Clifford Cox . Birthday : July 7 , 1939 . Can you take that photo and run it through the cosmetic-surgery program I saw ? It will take me a few seconds to load up the software . I 'm still not sure where you 're going with this . Ten years ago , four patients died . Like recent victims , their birth dates matched the witches ' sabbaths , except Dr Cox . But Cox was a doctor . Nothing about his death matches up except its coincidence . Maybe , maybe not . I 'm online here . This software gives patients an idea of their projected result , right ? Within the limits of what the patient comes in with , we approach that aesthetic ideal . The program is based upon a matrix of relative proportions . Vanity . Vanity , all is vanity . ( Shannon ) Here it is . Can you move the eyes further apart and strengthen the forehead ? - That 's beyond our surgical capabilities . - I know . I don 't understand . It looks like Jack Franklin . ( panting ) ( panting ) - Where else could he be ? - I don 't know . I 'll check the OR . Maybe he 's there . - He 's not answering his pages . - Did you try his home ? Answering machine . Are you thinking Dr Cox murdered these patients and then became Dr Franklin ? I think he murdered those patients so he could become Dr Franklin . This transformation is medically impossible . It 's not medicine , Scully . It 's blood sacrifice . - Blood sacrifice ? - The most potent offering in black magic . What if , having reached the limits of medical miracles , _ _ _ _ .he decided to stage a miracle of his own ? So he committed these murders in order to make himself beautiful ? Everybody wants to be beautiful , Scully . Jack ! What are you doing ? I 'm so glad that you 're here . Jack , stay right where you are . ( 93595 ) I hope those instruments were properly sterilised . ( gasping ) Dr Franklin ? Scully , come over here . Stop right there . Look what you 're standing on . This one 's different . It 's been inverted . See these two upright points here ? They represent the goat of lust , attacking heaven with its horns . He 's inscribed all the names of the patients who were killed . Including Dr Shannon . ( man ) Clear the way ! Moving through ! What did you swallow ? - What did you swallow ? - ( orderly ) She didn 't say . I 'm going in to do an exploratory laparotomy . ( mumbling ) Please ... don 't . Give her two units blood , stat . Someone get a 16-gauge IV in and open it wide . ( woman ) I 'll get the IV , doctor . No . Please , no . No . No , please , don 't . Where 's Dr Shannon ? They said she was brought here in an emergency . Mulder , here . Don 't let them operate . Hold them off until you hear from me . - Where are you going ? - To find Dr Franklin . - More snaps . - Here you go . Sponge it . - Suction . - Suction . - ( doctor ) Flush . - Saline . - More sponge . - Lap . - You have to stop this procedure ! - Whoever that person is , get her out now ! I 'm Special Agent Dana Scully , FBI . - Get out of here now ! - Listen to me ! I 'm a doctor ! - What the hell 's going on ? - I 'm a federal agent . I don 't care who you are . You can 't interrupt a surgery . - This woman could die . - That 's what I 'm trying to prevent . - What happened ? - They saved her life . They just pulled a whole rack of surgical instruments out of her intestinal tract . God knows how they got there . Then it failed . - ( intercom ) Code blue team to the ER , stat . - ( screaming ) ( alarm blaring ) I tried to stop him ! He just went crazy ! We 're losing her ! Fast ! What is this patient 's birth date ? October 31 st . - Halloween . - And Samhain , the fourth witches ' sabbath . I can 't tell you how happy we are ... _ .that you 've decided to join us , Dr Hartman . Well , I like what I 've seen so far . The truth is , I 've always been drawn to Los Angeles . With your credentials , I 'm sure you had plenty of options . I 've been reviewing your patient portfolio . Your work is among the most impressive I 've ever seen . I like to say whoever God didn 't get around to creating in his own image , _ _ _ .. it 's ourjob to recreate in ours . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
