 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( Mulder ) ' 3 ¢ \ t times I almost dream I too have spent a life the sages ' way And tread once more familiar paths . Perchance I perished in an arrogant self-reliance an age ago ; And in that act , a prayer for one more chance went up so earnest , So instinct with better light let in by death , That life was blotted out , not so completely But scattered wrecks enough of it to remain dim memories , As novm When seems once more The goal in sight again . " ( man ) Federal agents ! We are armed ! Let 's go ! Move , move , move ! Keep down on the ground ! We have warrants to search for illegal firearms ! We have warrants for the arrest of Vernon Warren , _ _ _ _ .also known as Vernon Ephesian . Move it , move it ! Come on , come on , let 's go ! IVlove , move , move ! ( agents yelling ) Someone tipped Ephesian off . He 's somewhere on the compound . - ( Scully ) Ephesian ? - No . We 've covered 90 % of the compound . - ( Scully ) We have to find him . - No sign of weapons . - They 've hid them somewhere . - Where haven 't we covered ? We could check the machine shop again . Maybe they 've got trap doors . Mulder . Mulder ! Tear it apart . Mulder ? Mulder , where are you going ? Intelligence reported no hiding places beyond the yard . Did YOU SSS SOITISOHS ? ( woman 's voice ) " I am he that liveth , and was dead . " '3 ¢ d , behold , . _ . _ .I am alive for evermore . " ( voice continues ) ( woman praying ) - ( woman continues praying ) - FBI ! - No ! - ( QHSPS ) it 's OK. it 's OK . ( man ) Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms transmission received 0230 hours , ... _ _ 5 November ' 96 , Apison , Tennessee . Connrmed telephone trace from within Seven Stars compound . BA TF . This is Agent Kiley . ( man 2 ) OK I 'm not gonna talk long . I can 't even believe I 'm doing this . OK Vernon - he 's got a lot of good ideas . He 's right about a lot of things , _ _ _ _ .but he 's doin ' stuff to kids now that ... It aims good . I 'm telling you , it is not why I signed on . ( Kiley ) OK OK easy . - Can you tell me your name , sir ? - Call me Sidney . Vernon - he 's hurtin ' little kids around here bad . It ain ' t right . And the guns , my God , you could beat the whole Korean army here . Oh , God , I can ? talk no more - I got.- - ( dialling tone ) This call capped off a BATF investigation ... _ .of the Temple of the Seven Stars led by Vernon Ephesian . That call convinced the Attorney General to give the OK for our raid . ATF intelligence reports were weak . Our man , Spooky , found Ephesian in a bunker ATF didn 't even know was there . - How did you know that ? - ( men arguing ) Knock it off ! The reports are valid . Illegal activities were going on at that compound . They were alerted in time to hide the evidence . Ephesian and his wives are held on charges of possession of dangerous chemicals . Their attorneys will be pushing for a quick arraignment . They 'll be out of here in less than 24 hours if we cannot charge them . Agents on site will continue to search for evidence of illegal firearms . And even more critical , find the informant " Sidney " . If they found out that he tipped us , it 's likely we 're looking for a murderer . All right , go . Agent Mulder , Agent Scully , . _ _ _ .you were assigned to this operation to investigate Epnesian 's paranormal abilities : Hchannelling , astral projection . He 's a paranoid charismatic sociopath , obsessed with the Book of Revelation . He will use his Biblical knowledge to get anything he wants from his followers . Ephesian had six women on the verge of suicide . You witnessed it . If the temple members are released , . _ _ _ .any Federal investigation will ignite Epnesian 's paranoia ... _ .to such a degree that we won 't have another Waco on our hands . We 'll have Jonestown . I knew you were coming . I 've known for nine centuries . It was written in the Revelation of Jesus Christ . " behold , _ . _ _ .the devil shall cast some of thee into prison that you may be tried . " " You 'll have tribulation ten days . " " Be thou faithful unto death , and I 'll give thee a crown of life . " But that message was to the church at Smyrna . Your temple is the reincarnation of the church at Epnesia . IVline is the Temple of the Seven Stars . All seven churches receiving the Revelation . And the members are not a reincarnation of the church . Are you ? Oh , yes . I was present to hear Apostle John Mark deliver his message of the Apocalypse . Vernon , if Sidney was unfaithful , did he receive a crown of life ? There are no members of the Temple named Sidney . But I know you don 't believe . I don 't care if you think that I 'm Jim Jones or David Koresh . I don 't need you to believe or even like me . Butjust for a moment , I 'd like you to put aside your investigation , ... _ .for your own souls . It is vital that you understand that very , very soon ... _ .all unfaithfuls , all disbelievers , all beasts _ .if that means me or ... _ .this " Sidney " ... or ... _ .you - _ .all will be destroyed by God 's mighty men . It is what has been told by God will happen . It is what has been told by God we must do . Do this , and the Lord shall preserve you from all evil . He will preserve your soul . The Lord will preserve your going out ... _ .and your coming in . ( Scully ) Skinner said no one else has come up with anything . They 've started to release members of the Temple . The compound remains under Federal control , though . Time is flying . We 've got six wives to question . My estimate is 12 more hours of fire and brimstone , and not a second about Sidney . Let 's start with her . My name is Melissa Riedel Ephesian . I 'm 25 . Melissa , do you understand your right to have an attorney present at this questioning ? It 's OK . Where are you from ? I don 't know . What about your family ? Where do they live ? My real family 's here . How long have you lived there ? A year . How long have you been married to Ephesian ? A year . Does it bother you he has other wives ? " And on that day , seven women shall take hold of one man , saying , _ _ _ _ .we shall eat our own bread , we shall wear our own apparel , .. _ _ .only let us be called by thy name to take away our reproach . " That 's quite a faith you have in Vernon . I 'd have a tough time if my husband had so many children with other women . Do you have a child by Vernon ? Someday . Vernon has to wait until God tells him when the right soul is ready to be reincarnated _ That 's why Vernon 's children are the most sacred members of the Temple . We were told that Vernon 's been hurting the children . Have you ever witnessed any child abuse at the temple , Melissa ? ( man 's voice ) I don 't know where you 're gettin ' that from . I saw a couple things . It could have been anything , right ? Melissa ? Melissa ? No . I don 't know nobody called that . - Sidney ? - What is this ? The McCarthy hearings ? No , no ... Don 't ... Don 't know anybody by that name . No . I saw a couple things . It could have been anything , right ? Sidney , who is the President of the United States right now ? Who 's the President of the United States ? What kind of dumb question is that ? That is a stupid question . Harry Truman . Sidney is a past life just because she mentioned Joe McCarthy ? It 's not just that . Somehow I just knew . ( door opens ) Ephesian and his wives get arraigned tomorrow . That 's 15 hours to come up with something . " Come up with something " ? We found Sidney . Melissa Riedel 's vocal pattern matches the ATF Sidney call . Melissa Riedel is not co-operating . But there is a personality within her that wants to . We need a catalyst . I suggest we take her back to the compound . Maybe without Ephesian there , it will enable Melissa to talk , or a personality inside her . Agent Scully , could this be a staged diversion ? - I thought multiple personalities were rare . - They 're extremely rare . In fact , many in the psychiatric community do not believe they exist . What we witnessed meets the criteria established in the DSM-IV Two or more distinct personality states that recurrently take control over behaviour , _ _ _ _ .including the protector identity , Sidney . The inability to recall personal information . She couldn 't recall her home town . Transitions are usually a matter of seconds and are often caused by psychosocial stress . Sidney appeared when we mentioned that children had been abused . - But you remain unconvinced ? - I believe the disorder exists , _ _ . _ .but I would have to know more . If Melissa has multiple personalities , would her ... his testimony even be admissible ? Precedents have established that dissociative personalities are responsible . But we are responsible for Melissa Riedel . We are responsible for the potential loss of 50 lives . Do it . You didn 't tell Skinner what you really believe . That Melissa Riedel is being invaded by her past-life incarnations . - He wouldn 't believe me . - You don 't feel responsible for the 50 lives ... _ .or Melissa Riedel . You are only responsible to yourself , Mulder . ( Mulder ) You 're safe with us , Melissa . The murderer 's not here . ( Scully ) We know that events occurred here that may be painful . You may not wanna talk about them , you may be afraid to remember . But to help the others , to help the children and to help yourself , _ _ _ .. we 're here with you to listen ... to Melissa , to Sidney , ... _ .to whoever may need to talk . Melissa ? Melissa ? Why you calling me that ? - What should I call you ? - Lily . Lily ... were any of your friends hurt in this room ? What ? Can you do this ? Melissa ... Lily ... It 's OK to tell me . ( Sidney ) Look , leave the kid alone . Hear me ? She doesn 't wanna talk . Right ? No way . I 'm sending her home . Sidney , you can all go home . You can all be safe ... _ .if you tell us where they hid the guns . What 's wrong ? ( Southern accent ) The weapons were placed in the bunker they 'd built the night before . That 's why they weren 't on the ATF reports . The Federals would arrive in the morning , just before the sun . Realising the government 's might and number , _ _ . _ .most believed they , indeed , would never again ... _ .see the light of day ... _ .just as they had watched their brothers die days before on Missionary Ridge . We had received word of General Cleburne 's retreat from the Union army . As a nurse , I had been ordered from Hamilton County to meet the troops , but ... _ .in actuality , I was searching for him , _ _ _ _ .knowing that he would attempt to remain in Tennessee ... _ .rather than retreat to Dalton . I found him here , ... _ .amongst the others who had been lost ... _ .as General Thomas pushed through the Confederate line . The Federal troops would appear from that direction . Rather than retreat any further , they fought them , ... . _ hiding ' us in the bunker . Inside , I could ... _ .smell the smoke , . _ _ _ .hear the rifles , ... _ .feel the bodies as they dropped onto the ground above . Every last one . 26th November ... _ / I863 . I was here , . _ _ _ .as were you . This is the field where I watched you die . ( Scully ) Who are you calling ? I want a therapist trained in hypnosis to be at the command centre . Because hypnosis is used to treat dissociative identities ... _ .to bring forth a patient 's various personalities ? She wants to talk , Scully . It 's a matter of getting it out of her . No , it 's about regressing her to a past life . Don 't do this to her , Mulder . This poor woman 's mind , her life is in shreds . Just being married to Ephesian indicates she is susceptible to suggestion . You were there , Scully ! You saw it . You heard it . Why can 't you feel it ? How could I know about a bunker in afield I 've never been in ? And why is it that Vernon Ephesian is reported by you a paranoid sooiopatrr .. _ .because he believes he lived 100 years ago , ... _ .and you 're not , even though you believe you died in that field ? ( therapist ) I 'm talking to Melissa . In the last year , at the Temple of the Seven Stars , _ _ _ _ .is there anything that happened that you thought was wrong , that hurt you ? YSS . There was a ... _ .woman who came to the temple . She and her son had been living on the streets . What was her name ? Elizabeth . Her son was Scott . Vernon took a liking to the boy . He said that he was a prophet returning . He took the boy away from his mother . Took him away ? How ? Vernon 's children are the grandchildren of God , kept separate from the others . The mother 's heart was broken . She was afraid . The Mighty IVlen ... Late ... night ... _ .Liz sneaks in to see Scott . Oh , he was happy . She brings him a butterfinger she stole from the kitchen . Vernon ... Vernon ... _ .Vernon catches them . The Mighty IVlen , ... _ .they pull her away , and beat her ... _ .in front of her son . The boy ... " No , no , Mom ! " ( Crying ) Vernon ... Vernon ... _ .Vernon pulls him by ... _ .Vernon pulls him by his hair , ... _ .pulls down his pyjamas , and hit him . " You 're not a child of God . " " Garbage " , he calls him . He told him to sleep in the trash ... _ .with the rats . The mother ... the mother cries , ... _ .but Vernon beats him ... _ .in front of her . ( whimpering ) Oh ! Oh ! No , no , no ! ( Sidney ) Lookit ! Brilliant , brilliant , brilliant move ! What d 'you wanna know ? Just ... just ... Leave Melissa alone . She doesn 't need to go through that any more . - Where are the guns ? - The b-bunkers . Yeah . The Civil War bunkers . Vernon ... Vernon ... Vernon and his goons know , but I don 't . Maybe there 's a map of the battlefield in the records . You know how to find the other bunkers . Mulder ... Melissa . It 's me , Melissa . I want you to go back , . _ _ _ .back to the field . ( sobS ) Oh ! ( Southern accent ) Your eyes may have changed shade ... _ .but it cannot colour the soul behind them . We have come together in this life , this time , ... _ .only to meet in passing . It is so heartbreaking to wait . I miss you . Mulder , this is a product of her illness . She couldn 't answer the question on the battlefield . She gave us no specific names , _ _ _ _ .no information to prove her validity . There is nothing we can use to prove this is the truth . There 's one way . Ephesian 's arraignment is in two hours . There is no time to be doing this . Wouldn 't you , Scully ? Wouldn 't anybody ? ( therapist ) I want you to go into your past , beyond your life as Fox Mulder . What do you see ? Ghetto streets . Shattered glass . Bodies of the dead . I 'm a woman , . _ _ _ .a Jewish woman . Poland . My son is with me . - He is Samantha . - ( therapist ) Samantha ? I thought Samantha was your sister . In this life ... _ .she is my son . I see my father . He 's dead in the street . He is Scully . But now ... He 's gone on now . They 're waiting for us . Souls ... Different , _ . _ _ .but always together , _ _ . _ .again and again , _ _ _ _ .to learn . I can 't go to my father . ( sighs ) Gestapo is standing next to him . An officer . He is Cancer Man . Evil returns as evil . But love ... .. love ... _ .souls mate ... eternal . My ... husband ... _ .is taken away from me ... _ .to the camps . He is Melissa . We 're always taken away . I 'm rising . I 'm rising now . I 'm rising now , .. _ _ .high above ... _ .my body , .. _ _ .above the field . My face is bloody . Near the bunker . The Federals are gone . My sergeant is also dead . He is Scully . Sarah holds me . She is sad . She is Melissa . She lives ... _ .near the battle . Hamilton County . Her name is Kavanaughm Sarah Kavanaugh _ And my name ... _ .is Sullivan Biddle . She doesn 't know . _ .that I 'm waiting for her , ... _ .that we will live again . We will live again . Oh , my soul is tired . Mulder , it 's Scully . Do you see any bunkers in the field ? My soul is tired . I wanna rest . ( Scully ) Ephesian 's being taken down to his arraignment . He and Melissa are going to be released soon . Dana ... if , um , ... _ .early in the four years we 've been working together ... _ .an event occurred that suggested or somebody told you that ... .. we 'd been friends together ... _ .in other lifetimes ... always , ... _ .would it have changed some of the ways we looked at one another ? Even if I knew for certain , ... _ .I wouldn 't change a day . Well , maybe that " Flukeman " thing . I could have lived without that just fine . ( Sarah ) We have come together in this life , this time , ... _ .only to meet in passing . It is so heartbreaking to wait . ( Sarah sighing ) I miss you . - I don 't believe in it . - Why ? Those tapes are saying we chose the lives we live before we 're born , ... _ .and who we live with . It 's a nice idea . It 's a beautiful idea . I wanna believe . And if I knew it were true , I 'd want to start over . I 'd want to end this pointless life . Sarah , ... _ .if it were true , _ _ _ _ .no life would be pointless . ( door opens ) Melissa , _ _ _ .. it 's time to leave . I 've reported to investigators the possible existence of other bunkers . The Held is not the property of the Seven Stars , so the BA TF is continuing to search . ( girl ) Mommy ! They 're home ! The Attorney General is furious as is . We won 't get a go-ahead for a second move on the compound . Ephesian 's followers believe that the FBI and the ATF are the devil 's army , _ _ _ _ .prophesied in Revelations 12 : 17 to make war on the seed ... _ .keeping God 's commandments and the testimony of Jesus Christ . Revelations says Christian faith defeats that army . You 're saying he 'll attack the ATF agents , believing , as prophesied , he 'll win ? I would be saying that if I thought he believed in Revelations in its entirety . - But he hid the weapons . - He knew he couldn 't defeat us . If he doesn 't believe he can defeat that army , _ . _ _ .he may think by denying himself and his followers to the devil ... You understand ? _ _ _ _ .he will achieve for them the reward of life forevermore . Our worst fears will be realised . All members to worship . The Lord shall preserve you from all your evils . He shall preserve your soul . All members to worship . The Lord shall preserve you from all your evil . He shall preserve your soul . " Marvel not , my brethren , that the world hates you . " " We Know we 've passed from death into life because we love the brethren . " I will not remove our people . We 're close to finding the weapons . All I want is a cooling-off period . Ephesian 's gathered all members in the worship hall . A parabolic mike we have aimed at the compound just picked this up . ( Ephesian ) " Marvel not , my brethren , that the world hates you - " ( door latched ) " We know we 've passed from death into life because we love the brethren . " " Hereby perceive we the love of God because he laid down his life for us . " The temple began running an interference frequency . First Epistle of John : " He laid down his life for us , and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren . " OK , Mulder . ( Ephesian ) " Blessed are they that do his commandments ... _ .that they may have the right to the tree of life . " My little Cl 'lildren , ... _ .let us not love in word , neither in tongue , _ _ _ _ .but in deed and truth . And hereby , we know that we are the truth . We shall endure . ( agent ) Man down ! Man down ! - Get him out of there ! - Cease fire ! Hold your fire ! Hold your fire ! - Is there contact with the temple ? - If you call that " contact " . He should be transported right away . " And enter in through the gates into the city ! " " For without are dogs ... _ .and sorcerers . _ _ _ .and whoremongers ... _ .and murderers , idolaters . " " Whomsoever . . _ _ .loveth and maketh a lie . " ( Scully ) Mulder , no ! You 're dead ! ( sobS ) " behold , _ . _ _ .I am alive for evermore . " ( Mulder ) ' 3 ¢ \ t times I almost dream I too have spent a life the sages ' way And tread once more familiar paths . Perchance I perished in an arrogant self-reliance an age ago ; And in that act , a prayer for one more chance went up so earnest , So instinct with better light let in by death , That life was blotted out not so completely But scattered wrecks , enough of it to remain dim memories , As novm When seems once more The goal in sight again . " Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
