 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Get the tape . Get it . It 's in the back . Come on ! It 's all right . You don 't have to do this . No . I want to . Why are you doing this ? Come . His name was Isaac Luria . He lived in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn- - home to a sect of Hasidic Jews who have lived there since the late 19th century . It 's an area also known for its history of racial tension and hate crimes- - Yankel Rosenbaum , Tawana Brawley ... - And now Isaac Luria . - Yeah . He was murdered two days ago in the market that he owned- - severely beaten and shot five times at point-blank range . Police ruled out robbery ' cause the only thing that was missing was this videotape from the surveillance camera . Police found it early this morning . Where ? In the VCR of a 16-year-old named Tony Oliver . That 's him on the upper right . Has he been arrested ? No . Because he 's dead . Apparently , he 'd been watching this tape when he was strangled to death . Very Old Testament . Yeah , but with a new twist . The Brooklyn homicide detectives contacted the FBI 's Civil Rights branch with an interesting set of fingerprints that they pulled off of the boy 's body . Interesting how ? Interesting in that they belong to Isaac Luria . Risen from the grave to avenge his own death ? Some people might assume that . It 's probably what someone would like us to think . But you have your own idea . I think that this is a crime of hatred like the crime that spawned it- - a hatred that goes back 4,000 years , but masquerading as something else here . A callow attempt at murderous retribution disguised as spectral justice . A resurrection hoax ? And not a very good one . Yeah , spectral figures are not often known to leave fingerprints ; Casper never did . Somehow the killer got ahold of Isaac Luria 's fingerprints , and we have been asked to prove how . Excuse me , sir . We 're with the FBI . We 'd like to speak with Ariel Luria . Is she home ? I 'm Ariel 's father , Jacob Weiss . Why are you bothering her again ? She 's already spoken with the police . It 's all right . Let them in . Please . Come in . Thank you . We can talk in the study . This is why you 're here ? This is what you come to ask in this house of mourning ? What is this ? We would like your permission to reopen Isaac 's grave . No ! The answer 's no ! Why does this have to be done ? We 're looking for evidence in the murder of this young man . His name is Tony Oliver . He is one of three suspects in the murder of your husband . We believe it was an act of retaliation and that the other two suspects are targets . He 's just a boy . He 's an animal- - a monster- - just like the others who killed Isaac , whose grave you 're asking us to desecrate so you can now protect them . Tata , please . But where were you when Isaac needed your protection ? When we called the police , they said that we were paranoid , that there was nothing to worry about . They always say that when someone threatens the Jews . So , there was a specific threat of violence ? The threat is always there . Just this morning ... this is what I find under our door . And now you 've come here not to help us , but to ask our help so you can impose your justice on the only man who 's taken justice into his own hands . We would be happy not to disturb the gravesite if you could tell us who that man is . Even if I knew , why would I tell you ? Because this is a homicide investigation , sir , and you are required by law to assist us . I know all about your laws . Sir , I 'm afraid that even without your consent , we can get a court order to exhume Isaac 's grave . Do what you feel is necessary . But leave us alone . Let us mourn in peace . I have a feeling he knows who killed Tony Oliver , Mulder . Think he doesn 't want us disturbing Luria 's grave because he knows what we 'll find . Maybe . But it 's hard to fault his attitude when you see something like that . And anybody delivering justice to a people who 've known that kind of persecution and hatred- - why wouldn 't they protect him ? Justice or revenge ? I 'm not saying those kids don 't warrant full prosecution under the law , but the hatemongering goes both ways . Yes , but the right to free expression doesn 't extend to murder . I bet that whoever published that knows the boys who killed Isaac Luria , and probably has a good idea who killed Tony Oliver , too . Well , sure , I knew him ; the man owned the store right across the street . But I 'd be lying if I said I was surprised it happened . Why is that ? Well , you know how they are . They 're always trying to find ways to make money off of honest folks who work for a living . Can you think of anyone who might have held a grudge ? I can 't think of anyone who didn 't . Did you ? Why ? I 'm ... not under any kind of suspicion , am I ? No , not directly , but these young men are , and we have reason to believe that you know them . Their names are Derek Banks and Clinton MacGuire . I 'm sorry . I 'm not familiar with them . Are you familiar with this ? We think those kids are familiar with it , enough to incite them to the murder of Isaac Luria . You work for them , too , don 't you ? - Who ? - You know who . You look like you might be one yourself . We work for the FBI , sir . Who 's the FBI work for ? That 's right . You call me paranoid , 'cause that 's exactly what they want you to do . But there is one thing you can 't call me , and that is a Zionist collaborator . You take a long look at these photos . It may be your last chance to save their lives . One of their accomplices- - a young man named Tony Oliver- - was found murdered this morning . Why you telling me this ? You haven 't heard the rumors ? What rumors ? That Luria is back from the dead , that he 's risen from his grave . What kind of Jew trick is this ? A Jew pulled it off 2,000 years ago . We 're just relating the evidence , sir . You can draw your own conclusions . But I know you wouldn 't want to be responsible for , uh , endangering these young men 's lives . Bless you . Derek ? Are you sure about this ? I heard them , man . I 'm not waiting around to find out if it 's true . - Damn ! - What 's wrong ? It 's nailed shut . There 's some tools in the trunk . I got it open , man ! Get down here ! Hey , Clinton . Check it out . Clinton . Hey , Clinton . Check it out . Clinton ? You trying to mess with me ? Oh , man . The ligature marks on the victim 's neck are consistent with our vigilante 's M.O. Forensics come up with anything ? Yeah , second set of footprints , but the mud was too soft to take a mold . My guess is Clinton was here with Derek Banks . Looking for what ? Maybe they came to desecrate the corpse as retribution for Tony Oliver 's death . That seems pretty redundant , doesn 't it ? Messing up somebody you 've already killed ? I think they came here because they were afraid . Afraid ? Afraid that the man they hated enough to kill wasn 't really dead . Look . There goes your theory of how Isaac Luria 's fingerprints found their way onto the victim 's body . What does that look like to you ? Well , the body wasn 't embalmed as according to custom . Maybe it 's post-mortem lividity or some kind of tattooing . It 's hard to tell in this stage of decomposition . What 's this ? Little bedtime reading ? You owe me for two weeks . Where have you been ? Is it true ? You and your friends killed the Jew ? Just give me my money . What the hell were you thinking ? I never told you to kill anyone . I never said to do that . No ? What 'd you expect me to do ? Hide back here like you ? Licking envelopes in the dark , calling them names ? We 're working to spread the truth . The truth ? Man , you 're as pathetic as they are . I ... I am exposing their lies . Man , those are just words . You think they killed my friends with words ? That 's right . Clinton 's dead , too . Now , I 'd like my money . It 's called the Sepher Yetzirah- - the Book of Creation . The earliest known Hebrew text on man 's mystical communion with the divine . Is it ever buried with the dead ? No . In observance of the Jewish belief that with death comes equality , the corpse is buried only in its shroud . No personal symbols of class or worldly position are allowed . Has it ever been known to spontaneously combust ? Uh , no . No , it hasn 't . It 's a book on mysticism , not mysticism itself . Is it printed on any special paper or with any special ink ? No . It 's just a book- - leather and paper . I suspect somebody might be trying to play a trick on you . There is a possibility that moisture may have leeched into coffin , into the binding and the pages of the book . If , uh , if the groundwater was contaminated , arsenic or arsine gas could have created a combustible mixture . Is there anything that distinguishes this particular Sepher Yetzirah from other such books ? Yes , but it 's barely legible because of the burning . It 's a name engraved in the leather or stamped into the leather . A name ? Yes , a Hebrew name . Weiss . Jacob Weiss . Jacob Weiss . Why do you want to see him ? There 's been another murder . Another suspect in your husband 's death has been found dead last night . Where was this ? It was next to your husband 's grave . How does this concern my father ? Yesterday , he expressed some strong feelings towards this latest victim . He was angry . They were just angry words . And we found evidence placing him at the crime scene . This is escalating into something else , Ariel . Something that has to stop . My marriage to Isaac ... you have to understand how much it would have meant to my father . What do you mean " would have meant " ? We got our marriage license a few weeks ago , but the wedding wasn 't until today . I 'm sorry . I 'd like to show you something . It was a communal wedding ring made in Kolin , a village near Prague . My father was an apprentice to the man who designed it . It 's beautiful . Mm-hmm . Every woman who got married in the synagogue wore this ring as a symbol that she was a queen , her husband a king , and the home they made a castle , not only on their wedding day , but for the rest of their lives together . But most of those lives ended in one day in the spring of 1943 . 9,000 Jews were massacred after digging their own graves . But your father survived ? Because he was ten years old and he was a jeweler 's apprentice . He had small fingers to make bullets at a munitions factory . And through all this , he hid the ring ? Even after the war , he hid it . Even from my mother . Why ? Because to him , it was a dead relic from a forgotten place . Until the day that I told him I was getting married . And for the first time in 50 years , he took out this ring . He said he felt his village was born again . He knew how much I loved Isaac . Ariel , tell us where your father is . I know my father . He would never kill anyone . What if you 're wrong ? Do you see him ? I 'm sorry . We don 't mean any disrespect . Who are you ? We 're with the FBI . We 're looking for Jacob Weiss . Why ? Excuse us . Mulder . Don 't move ! Federal agent ! You okay , Mulder ? Yeah . Put your hands in the air where I can see them . Now turn around slowly . I got him , Scully . Mr. Weiss , we 're placing you under arrest . Come on . Let 's go . Where is he ? Where 's my father ? We 've arrested him , Ariel . Under suspicion of murder . I don 't believe you . It can 't be him . Did he ... did he tell you he killed this person ? I think that 's the direction it 's going . Agent Mulder 's in there with him right now . I need to see him . Ariel , I suggest that you get him an attorney . He 's refusing legal representation . I need to see him . Okay . You can ask Detective Bartley down the hall . He 'll give you a place to wait until your father 's been processed . Ariel ... I 'm sorry . Why 'd you kill him , Jacob ? Our synagogue has been vandalized 13 times in the last year . I heard a noise in the attic . I went up to see what it was , and he attacked me . It was self-defense . Hanging a man in self-defense ? Is it any worse than what they did to Isaac ? Is it any better ? They found your book , your Sepher Yetzirah , on Isaac Luria 's grave . So ? So that puts you at a second crime scene . I 'm guilty . What more do you want from me ? The truth . I have given you the truth . There was someone else in that attic with you . Who was it ? There was no one else . Then you 're a liar . Then you know nothing about nothing , and I have no more to say about this . I would like to see my daughter . Want to see the background check I ran on him ? He emigrated to Israel after World War Two where he joined the Irgun , the Jewish military underground . He was arrested in 1959 by the British for a bombing that killed seven civilians . He was a terrorist , Mulder . A killer . He 's not our killer though . What do you mean ? I ... He just gave a confession . I stood here and listened to it . I think there might have been a second person in that attic , Scully . Weiss knows it , too , and he 's protecting whoever it is . Well , who ? His daughter ? No , no . It was somebody big enough and strong enough to knock me down . Well , who do you think it was ? You should stick around . This could be interesting . Where are you going ? To see a man about a burning book . They say you confessed . Why are you doing this ? To protect you . From what ? I think you know . They found my book in Isaac 's grave . That can 't be true . No ? There 's something you didn 't tell me . About the contents of this Sepher Yetzirah . What is it you want to know ? I want to know about the myth of the golem . I told you , Mr. Mulder , this is a mystical text . These pages are filled with golems and dybbuks and demons of every size and shape . It 's the golem that I 'm interested in . And I 'm interested in why an FBI agent would be so interested in such a thing . That 's what I was hoping you could tell me . The early cabalists- - they believed that a righteous man could actually create a living being from the earth itself , fashioned from mud or clay , but this creature could only be brought to life by the power of the word . In-in practical terms , by the direct application of certain secret letter combinations . Combinations found in that book ? Look . See ... see , these pages . They 're basically instructions for animating the inanimate . You see , in this ... Yeah , this passage here talks about inscribing a single word on the golem itself . On the back of his hand ? I 'm impressed . What is the magic word ? " Emet . " See ? These three letters- - " aleph , mem , tav " - - creates the word " emet . " I don 't speak Hebrew . I don 't know what that means . " Truth . " Emet means " truth . " But you see , Mr. Mulder , therein lies the paradox , because the danger of the truth is contained in the word " golem " itself . Which means " matter without form , " " body without soul . " So the golem is an imperfect creation . Well , kind of a monster , really . Unable to speak or feel anything but the most primitive emotions . In the legends , it runs amok and has to be destroyed by its creator . Destroyed how ? By erasing the first letter aleph , " emet " becomes " met , " which means " dead . " Again , Mr. Mulder , the power of letters , not just to create but to kill . Yeah . Mulder , it 's me . There 's been another homicide . Who ? Curt Brunjes . I 'm on my way to the print shop right now . Okay , I can be there in ten minutes . He was a man on a mission . Look at all the energy he spent spreading his hatred . He certainly wasn 't toiling in obscurity . This mailing list has hundreds of names , including our three murder victims . Well , at least we know Jacob Weiss didn 't kill him . Yeah , I 'll call the precinct and have him released . Agent Scully ? The image is fuzzy , but I think we 've got a hit . There . Oh , my God . It 's Isaac Luria . He 's still alive . I 'm not so sure about that . No , thank you . That won 't be necessary . Well , the coroner matched Luria 's dental records . It was definitely his corpse that was in that grave . You know , Mulder , this-this videotape- - it must have been altered somehow , planted by whoever is staging this hoax . It 's not a hoax , Scully . It never was . But if Luria is dead , Mulder ... This is not Luria- - not really . Well , who do you think it is ? You think it 's some kind of a ghost ? A ghost is spirit without form . But I believe what we 're looking for and what we 're seeing here is form without spirit- - something called a golem . A golem ? Yeah , it 's , um , kind of a manmade monster described in Jewish folklore . It 's fashioned from mud and then animated through mystical incantation . Mud ? Mulder , what are you talking about ? And for what purpose ? Exacting revenge ? I don 't think it was hate that created this golem , Scully . I think it was love . Ariel , it 's Agent Mulder . Open the door . It 's not locked . Ariel ? She 's not here , Scully . How do you know ? Because it 's her wedding day . Ariel ? I know you 're here . I know you can hear me . Ariel ? Leave us alone , tata . You don 't belong here . I 'm your father . Please go . Not without you . I 'm not leaving without you . I want to see him . He 's dead . Isaac is dead . No . The boys that killed him- - their hate took him from you . And you tried bringing him back with your love . But what you brought back- - you have to understand , Ariel- - it isn 't him . It 's an abomination . It has no place among the living . He said he 'd call me back , tata . We were talking on the phone about the wedding . Isaac said he had to go , that a customer needed him , and that he would call me back . But when I heard the phone ring later , something told me not to pick it up . A woman 's voice was on the line . I didn 't hear what she was saying . I didn 't have to . I knew Isaac wasn 't calling me back . I just wanted to say good-bye , tata . I know . I know . I didn 't think . It was just a wish . They were just ... words . Stay here . I want to go with you . - No . - Tata ... No . Wait . I got a knife . - His pulse is thready . - Will he be all right ? If we get him to a hospital . - Call the paramedics . - Where are you going ? To find Ariel . Ariel ? We found your father . He 's alive . He 's going to be okay . I know about Isaac . Where is he ? I don 't know . Okay . All right , come on , we got to get out of here . No . - Come on , Ariel , let 's go . - No . - We have to go . - No . Come on , Ariel . Come on . Isaac ? - Stop , or I 'll fire ! - No ! No ! No ! Stop ! No ! Stay down . No ! Isaac ! I am to my beloved as my beloved is to me . I loved you . Mulder . Are you okay ? I think so . I heard shots fired . What happened ? What is she doing ? Saying good-bye . I made this !
