 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( siren wailing ) Ivlonongahela . We 're en route with a male cardiac , age 62 . ETA in 12 . ( dispatcher ) Copy . ETA in 12 - Crash unit standing by . How 's he looking , Leonard ? Up to his ass in alligators . ( monitor beeping ) ( patient gasping ) - Is he going into arrest ? - No , he 's not . - What did you do ? - Aspirated his chest . He has a tension pneumothorax pressing on his heart . It just looked like a cardiac . - Nice catch . How did you know ? - Because he 's dying of cancer . It 's already eaten through one lung . That 's amazing . How did you know , Leonard ? Leonard ? Leonard ? Leonard ? ( 93595 ) Oh , God ! Leonard ! ( thump ) ( thump ) Hello ? ( thump ) Pretty cosy . Who 'd ever wanna leave ? Whoever got locked in here last night , I guess . That would be one Leonard Morris Betts , age 34 . But it should be noted that when Mr Betts arrived here last night he was sans head . He was decapitated . He was an emergency medical technician for this hospital . - A very good one , apparently . - What about the morgue attendant ? Somebody cold-cocked him and stole his clothes . He didn 't see who . No alarms tripped , no sign of a break-in . - It 's weird , huh ? - What are we doing here ? Did I mention Mr Betts had no head ? Yes . So ? You 're not suggesting that a headless body ... _ .kicked its way out of a latched morgue freezer , are you ? Are you ? Because I think it 's obvious this is a bizarre attempt at a cover-up . - Meant to conceal what ? - Body snatching for profit ? There 's a shortage of cadavers at medical schools . An unscrupulous medical supplier might pay top dollar . But why take a headless one and leave top-dollar bodies behind ? Sir ? Those video grabs you asked for . We found something . These are from the emergency-room camera , taken at 4.13 this morning . There 's your perpetrator , in the stolen uniform . You can 't see very much on these . What 's all this stuff here ? Bad video . The security system isn 't exactly state-of-the-art . What did he do with the corpse he stole ? Maybe he was forced to abandon it . We combed the facility . Where could he hide a body where it couldn 't be found ? I 'll show you . All hospitals operate some form of medical-waste processing . This unit disposes of surgical remains . Amputations , excised tumours ... They 're ground up and heated with microwaves , ... _ .and the result is a sterile soot that 's used as road fill . Then there 's nothing for us to find . That depends how often they dispose of their waste . Hopefully , only once every few days . We 're in luck . Are you sure about this ? If you 're not sure , I don 't see any reason to disturb all this stuff ... - ( squishing sound ) - Mulder , I need help . Your arms are longer . Oh . I think I got the toy surprise . Leonard Betts . That 's his head , .. _ _ .but where 's his body ? Maybe be didn 't dispose of the body . Maybe be got it out of here somehow . Why take time to dispose of the head ? Maybe there 's an answer here . Something you should check out . We know he died in an automobile accident . What more is there to know ? Maybe nothing , but it 's all we got . You should find a place to examine Bette 's head . - While you do what ? - Check his house . I wanna see how he lives . - Lived . - Lived . Case number 226-897 . Leonard Betts . As remains are incomplete , all observations refer to a decapitated head . Weight : 10.9 pounds . Remains show no signs of rigor mortis or fixed Iividity . Nor do the corneas appear clouded , _ _ _ _ .which would seem inconsistent with the witnessed time of death , 19 hours ago . I 'll begin with the intermastoid incision and frontal craniotomy , . _ _ _ .then make my examination of the brain . Oh ! God ! - ( man ) Which one ? - ( Mulder ) This one here . - Thanks . I 'll lock up . - OK . ( phone ringing ) - Mulder . - ( Scully ) It 's me . I 've run into kind of a unique situation here . - What did you End ? - So far , not much . I did a PET scan on Leonard Bette 's remains . Actually , four times now . And each time the images come out degraded , _ _ _ _ .like it 's fogged somehow . - Like the security footage . - This is cutting-edge technology here . The technicians say the machine is working perfectly . The only thing that could account for the image distortion is some form of radiation . But I don 't see how or where it could be emanating from . - What did your examination uncover ? - I haven 't performed an examination yet . Why not ? Well , because I , uh ... _ .I experienced an unusual degree of postmortem galvanic response . - The head moved ? - It blinked at me . I know exactly what it is . It 's residual electrical activity stored chemically in ... in the dead cells . Blinked or winked ? You 're afraid to cut into it . Scully , you 're not saying that it 's alive , are you ? No . I am certainly not saying that at all . But has it crossed your mind that it 's not quite dead , either ? - What do you mean ? - I 'm standing here in Bette 's apartment . Whoever we saw in those video grabs , his clothes are strewn all over the floor . Made himself at home . Maybe he was home . - Leonard Betts . - Yeah . - Without his head . - Yeah . Mulder , I don 't even know how to respond to that . I 'm gonna put the building under surveillance , ... _ .just in case whoever it is comes back . I 'll be in touch . Michele ? Michele Wilkes ? - YSS . - I 'm FOX Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . You 're responsible for the disposition of Leonard Bette 's remains . He didn 't have any family . No friends either , as far as I could tell . - Except you . - I liked him . But I wasn 't really his friend . He didn 't let people get that close . I 'm not sure I could call myself his partner . Mostly I stayed out of his way . - What do you mean ? - He was an amazing medical technician . He could diagnose illness better than any doctor I 've ever seen . You know how they say some people can just look at you and tell you what 's wrong ? Leonard could do that . Especially with cancer . He should have been an oncologist . He used to volunteer weekends at the cancer ward . Read to patients , stuff like that . Did you ever notice anything about him ? Anything odd ? No . Well , he never got sick . That was pretty amazing , doing what we do . - He was the picture of health . - Was he ever injured on the job ? No . Never . I mean , until ... Oh , yeah . I 'm sorry . I don 't know what all this has to do with someone stealing Leonard 's body . It almost sounds like you 're investigating Leonard . No , no ... Thanks for bearing with my questions . I appreciate your time . This is biopolymerisation , a high-tech mummification process . The remains are dipped in the epoxy . Once it 's cured , the specimen can be sliced for examination . Or you got yourself a nice paperweight At any rate , we should have some autopsy answers for you soon . I 'm starting with an anterior slice from your IVIr Betts , ... _ .one favouring the frontal lobe . - Well , this is certainly strange . - What ? - There 's something wrong with the image ? - In a manner of speaking . Here , see for yourself . On , my God . His entire brain looks like one giant glioma . - He had cancer ? - He was riddled with it . Every cell in the sample . Every cell in his entire head and in his brain ... _ .was all cancerous . It 's completely pervasive . - Could you live in this condition ? - Live ? This man would have been long dead before reaching such an extreme metastatic stage . How do you explain it ? Maybe the polymerisation process distorted the sample somehow . Maybe we 're not really seeing what we think we 're seeing . Maybe we 're just seeing it clearly for the first time . - What are you suggesting ? - Let 's get a slice to go . ( woman on radio ) Monongahela , 136 , en route with a male not responding to CPR . Please advise . Dispatch , somebody pick up , please . ( Bette 's voice ) Allegheny Catholic , 208 - l know you 're up to your ass in alligators-- - Michele ? Leonard ? Let 's go here . Michele ! Come on ! ( woman ) It seems to be working . Good call , 208 . - Thanks for the tip . - ( Bette 's voice ) Glad I could help . Oh , wow . I 've never worked with a sample of human tissue before . What exactly were you looking to find ? - I 'll tell you if we find it . - Excellent . Are you ever asked to defend this as a legitimate scientific process ? Only if you 're not happy with the results . Chuck did pioneering work in Kirlian photography in the US . Although I prefer the umbrella term " aura photography " . By applying high-frequency electricity , ... _ .I am able to photograph an organism 's coronal discharge . - Coronal discharge ? - Coronal discharge . Life force . " Chi " is an accepted fact in most Eastern cultures . And the theoretical basis of holistic medicine , of acupuncture . What is its application here ? It may account for the fogging of your PET scan of Leonard Bette 's head . You know , with this equipment , I have been able to capture phantom images ... _ .of whole leaves that were cut in half , _ _ _ _ .or the vestigial image of a lizard 's tail long after it 's been cut off . Which , you have to admit , is pretty cool . It looks like we got somethin ' here . Oh , yeah . Now , I don 't know exactly what you 're looking for , but ... Oh , yeah . There 's definitely some kind of energy happening ' here . Chuck , would you believe that this man 's head had been decapitated ? - Oh , come on . No way . - Way . Are we happy with the results ? Those sure as hell looked like shoulders to me . I don 't even know how to explain that photo , or even what it proves . What if it proves that Betts is alive ? - Mulder ! - You said he was riddled with cancer . What is cancer but normal cells growing rapidly out of control , . _ _ _ .usually caused by damage to their DNA . - Where is this going ? - Let me tell you . What if the cancer was not caused by damaged DNA ? If the cancer was not a destructive factor , but was rather the normal state of being ? Even if that were possible , he 's been decapitated . What if this man 's life force , his chi , whatever you want to call it , . _ _ _ .somehow retained a blueprint of the man himself , ... _ .guiding rapid growth not as cancer but as regeneration ? You think Leonard Betts regrew his head ? The fluid that I found in Bette 's bathtub was povidone-iodine . It 's often used by lab researchers on reptiles to aid regeneration . We both know that salamanders have grown entirely new limbs . Salamanders are one thing , but no mammal possesses that kind of regenerative power . There is no creature that can regrow its head . Worms . You cut a worm in half , you get tvvo _ Mulder , they 're worms . I 'm just saying it 's not unheard of . Well , someone is going to great lengths to dispose of the evidence . Maybe Betts is trying to protect his secret . ( phone rings ) Scully . Yeah . OK . Great . Thanks . Leonard Betts did have secrets . One of them being that he had an alter ego named Albert Tanner . Whc ? I had Danny run the fingerprints . Two names came up : the second was Albert Tanner . Albert Tanner has a relative , Elaine Tanner , his mother , ... _ .who just happens to live here in Pittsburgh . ( doorbell ) - Elaine Tanner ? - Yes . I 'm Agent Scully . This is Agent IVlulder . We 're with the FBI . - Oh . What can I do for you ? - Is your son Albert Tanner ? We 'd like to ask you some questions . Please excuse me for one second . I 've got something on the stove . Scully . - Mrs Tanner , is this your son ? - Yes . That 's Albert . We know this man as Leonard Morris Betts . - Are you familiar with that name ? - No . Do you know if your son used any other names ? Why are you asking me about him ? Mrs Tanner , are you aware that your son has recently died ? What do you mean , " recently " ? When did your son die ? Six years ago . He was killed in an automobile accident . Why ? Would it be possible to get a copy of the death certificate ? Of course . Confused yet ? Excuse me . I 'm ... I 'm looking for an EIVIT , ... _ .the man driving unit 208 . The new guy . 208 's over there . He just went off shift , but you might catch him . Thanks . Leonard ? Leonard ? Oh , my God . It can 't be . How can it be ? - Leonard , is it you ? - Hey , Michele . It 's OK . It 's OK . I just wish you hadn 't found me , that 's all . What are you talking about ? Leonard ? I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . ( guard ) Hey ! You there ! Hold it ! Come back here ! Stop where you are ! Stay there , you son of a bitch . Ronnie ? - Oh , pick up , man . - Go ahead . We got a situation in the parking lot . This guy just attacked some woman . She 's up at the ambulance parking area . ( bone cracks ) I 'm gonna check on that guy . Siskel or Ebert ? - What 's the story ? - Michele Wilkes was murdered . We wouldn 't know that if the security guard hadn 't witnessed it . I found an autoinjector in the grass . She was given a lethal dose of potassium chloride . It 's an electrolyte found naturally in the body . A coroner doesn 't check for it . Betts was here . She discovered that , then he killed her to protect his secret . The security guard did ID him as her attacker . He worked as an EMT , but his co-workers said his name was Truelove . Do you know how this man escaped ? He tore off his thumb , .. _ _ .because he knew he could regrow another one . It just doesn 't work that way . But is Bette 's ability to regenerate any greater a leap forward .. _ _ .than our ancestors ' ability to communicate with language ? But language , evolution ... it 's a process of steps , not leaps . Recent evolutionary theory would disagree . What scientists call punctual equilibrium ... Htheorises that evolutionary advances are cataclysmic , not gradual . That evolution occurs not along a straight graphable line but in huge fits and starts , _ .. _ .and the unimaginable happens in the gaps . The gap between what we are and what Betts has become . What you 're describing is someone so evolved ... _ .that you wouldn 't even call him human . On the other hand , how evolved can a man be who drives a Dodge Dart ? Oh , my God . " Myeloid sarcoma - epithelial carcinoma . " These are all cancerous tumours . This is surgical waste , tagged for disposal . - What do you think he wanted with them ? - You may not want to know . There 's a possibility that Leonard Betts not only is cancer ... But that he needs it for survival ? - So this is ... - Snack food . Wouldn 't it make sense that natural selection ... _ .would incorporate cancer , the greatest health threat , as part of our genetic make-up ? Why do I think Darwin is rolling in his grave ? Ask yourself : why is Leonard Betts an EMT ? Why does he regularly visit cancer wards ? Access . The car 's registered to one Elaine Tanner , 3108 Old Bank Road . Bette 's mom . Do you think IVIom knows her dead son is tooling around in her car ? Elaine Tanner ? We have a warrant to search the premises . Mrs Tanner , we know your son is alive and that you 're in contact with him . You need to tell us where we can find him . Last night he murdered a woman in cold blood . By lying to protect him , you are considered an accessory to murder . Can you tell me what you use this for ? It 's a pretty big bottle . You get a lot of cuts ? When my son was eight years old , _ _ . _ .there were two boys who picked on him because he was different . He just ignored them . He knew he was better than they were . One day they cornered him walking home . Beat him up . He didn 't even try to fight back . Just lay there , taking the blows . So I don 't believe you when you tell me he killed anyone . But , if he did , he had his reasons . - What reasons , Mrs Tanner ? - God put him here for a purpose . God means for him to stay , even if people don 't understand . And that 's all I 've got to say . ( sports commentary on TV ) ( coughing ) ( Betts ) Excuse me . I 'm sorry , but you 've got something I need . Sullyi - Find something ? - No sign . Not even a stray sock . Just this . - A receipt for a storage locker . - A key on his key ring has " 112 " on it . Let 's check it out . ( screaming ) ( screams ) Scully . ( car engine starts ) Mr John Gillnitz . Death from massive blood loss ... _ .due to what I can only describe as a skilful removal of his left lung . - it 's Betts . - Doing what ? This man 's medical records will show he had lung cancer . - And Betts was in need of what he had . - How would he have known that ? He had an ability to diagnose cancer . Maybe his need provided a heightened sense . Well , whatever he was doing , he 's taking the secret to his grave . Yeah , for the second time . Mulder , Leonard Betts is dead . Of that I am absolutely certain . And he is not coming back . You would 've said that about Albert Tanner . I don 't understand . Six years ago Tanner dies in an accident . His mother buries him . Several days ago he shows up as Leonard Betts . Explain that . - Maybe the first death was staged . - You wanna bet on that ? Will the real Leonard Betts please stand up ? These men may be no more than monozygotic twins . I think that what we 're standing witness to here ... _ .goes way beyond the regeneration of a thumb or a limb or a head . Mulder , I don 't know what you 're getting at . Regeneration of an entire body ? I don 't know why I 'm listening . Because I think that the fiery crash that killed this man was a ruse , ... _ .and that this man lying here is still at large . I 'm scared , honey . The FBI , _ _ _ _ .they seem to know all about you . They dug up the coffin . They found your friend . I don 't think they 're ever going to leave you alone . And you 're weak . You have to restore your strength . You know what you have to do . I 'm your mother . And it 's a mother 's duty to provide . If this man really exists , what makes you think he 'd come here ? The only person who knows his secret is his mom . If we get him , it 'll be through her . ( siren wailing ) - Get out of the truck ! - Federal agents ! Whoa ! Whoa ! What the hell ... ? - What are you doing here ? - We got a call . Elderly woman with massive chest trauma and blood loss . 3108 Old Bank . - ( man ) Believe me , that 's all we know . - Stay here . Mulder , get the EIVITs up here ! ( Mulder ) Guys , get in here ! She has an open wound . A surgical cut . Three guesses what was removed . He did this to her , and then he called an ambulance . Judging by the response time , he might still be here . Betts is gone . He must have taken off on foot . Well , she 's gonna be OK , Mulder . We might be able to get where he went out of her . You stay with her . I 'll call the local PD and have them cordon off the area . This is Special Agent Mulder . I 've got an emergency situation . I need all available units to 3108 Old Bank Road . I 'm searching for a murder suspect . IVlulder , Mrs Tanner 's going into the ER , but she took a downturn en route . They defibrillated her , but there 's no chance of getting anything cogent from her . What about on your end ? We 're going house to house here . We 've got a chopper coming , but I 'd say Betts has a pretty good chance of getting away . If he steals a car or gets a ride , he could get away for good . He worked this thing out pretty well . So if there 's anything you can get out of Mrs Tanner tonight ... At this point we don 't have much else to go on . Get over here right now . - What ? - Get over here right now . Oh ! I 'm sorry . But you 've got something I need . Oh , my God . Let 's get a crash cart . They pronounced Betts ten minutes ago . - He 's dead ? - As near as anyone can tell . His mom 's alive , due to the fact that Betts dressed her wounds so carefully . She 'll pull through , for now . - Cancer . - Yeah . Uh ... " Metastatic rhabdomyosarcoma " , to be precise . She was treated for it previously . Got a clean bill of health about three months ago . You did a good job , Scully . You should be proud . I want to go home . ( coughing ) Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
