 We don 't have to be out here , you know . It 's not like you 're still in high school . We can go to the motel . Mm-mm . I wouldn 't want anyone to see us . No one would see us . It 's a small town . George ... Come on , George . Why 'd y 'all change your mind anyway ? I don 't know . You were pretty persistent , I guess . Squeaky wheel gets the oil , right ? I guess so . What 's wrong with right here ? I can just set the blanket down and ... Not yet . Why not ? Because ... you have to catch me first . Aw , come on , now . You don 't want me to chase after you , do you ? Paula ! Paula ? Paula ? Where are you ? Son of a bitch ! I don 't know , Scully . The man 's vanished . He hasn 't been seen or heard from in ten weeks . Come on , Mulder , don 't you see what they 're doing here ? They 're wasting our time . They 're sending us on some kind of a wild goose chase . Chicken chase . George Kearns was a federal poultry inspector assigned to Dudley , Arkansas , home of Chaco Chicken . I 'm not questioning the legitimacy of the case , just their motives in assigning it to us . I mean , doesn 't it bother you at all that they 're trying to undermine your work ? Oh , they may think they are , but on the night that George Kearns disappeared , a woman on the I-10 saw a strange fire in an adjacent field . Yes , I read that report . She claims that she saw some kind of a foxfire spirit . I 'm surprised she didn 't call Oprah as soon as she got off the phone with the police . Folktales dating back to the 19th century from the Ozarks describe people being taken away by fireballs . It 's supposed to be the spirits of massacred Indians . Those are only legends , Mulder . Well , most legends don 't leave behind 12-foot burn marks . That photo was taken by state police in the field where the woman claims to have seen foxfire . This could have been made by anything- - a bonfire . I thought so , too . Until I remembered this . It 's a documentary I saw when I was in college about an insane asylum . Gave me nightmares . I didn 't think anything gave you nightmares . I was young . No ... they , uh ... see , th-they took ... they , uh ... they took me away ... they took me away , this- - the fire demons . The fire demons ... the fire demons wanted their pound of flesh , but , uh ... I 'm too fast for them . They cannot kill you . See , you can 't let them kill you . Oh , no . No , don 't let them kill you , don 't let them kill you . That 's no way to get to heaven . No , sir . No , sir . That is ... that is no way to get to heaven . His name was Creighton Jones . He pulled off the road on May 17 , 1961 to take a nap . They found him three days later , so deranged by what he 'd encountered that he had to be committed . The state police found his car on the I-10 , right in the middle of Dudley , Arkansas , home of Chaco Chicken . What 's this , Mulder ? That 's a witch 's peg . Staking it into the ground is supposed to ward off evil spirits . Can I help you folks ? I 'm , uh , Sheriff Arens . I saw you back at the turnoff . We 're with the FBI . I 'm Special Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . Were investigating the disappearance of George Kearns . Oh , well , I 'm happy to help you with whatever I can , but I 'm not sure how much there is to investigate . Well , Sheriff , a man is missing . Well , we didn 't find any evidence of criminal activity , and since no body turned up , we just went ahead and filed a missing persons report . Why didn 't you mention this witch 's peg in your report ? Because these fields are filled with witch 's pegs . Lot of these old hill people cling tight to their superstitions . What about the scorched area ? Illegal trash burning . I keep handing out the citations , they keep doing it anyway . It 's cheaper to pay the fine than haul it to the dump . So you don 't believe it 's foxfire ? Sir , foxfire 's nothing more than a ghost story about swamp gas . Listen , I don 't know what y 'all are thinking , but George Kearns was passing through town ever since he got here six months ago . - How do you mean ? - Never did fit in- - not at the plant , not even at his own home . It 's no big secret that Kearns stepped out on his wife every chance he got . Did he have many chances ? Let 's just say George is the type of man you 'd expect to go chasing some sweet young thing out of town . Is that what his wife thinks happened ? Push comes to shove , I 'm sure she does . But you 're welcome to ask her yourself . My husband had a character that leaves something out . I always knew that about him , but I didn 't have the sense to do anything about it . I guess he saved me the trouble . So you 're fairly certain that he left you for somebody else . George left me a long time ago . Right around the time I turned 40 . Leaving town was just a formality . Do you have any idea who he might be with now ? No . And I don 't want to know , either . This inspection report- - your husband was about to file it with the Department of Agriculture the day before he disappeared . I don 't know anything about that . He never discussed his work with you ? He never told me , and I never asked . Well , he cited several major health violations . He was going to recommend that the plant be shut down . I told you , I don 't know a thing about what went on in that plant . Did your husband ever receive any threatening phone calls or anything unusual in the mail ? Sure , there were hang-ups . But I always thought it was one of his girlfriends . I 'm going to give you my phone number . If your husband tries to contact you , I want you to get in touch with me . Or if you can think of anything else . Come on , Paula , let 's go ! This is , uh , Jess Harold . He 's the floor manager here . Jess , these people are with the FBI . Oh , you 're here about George Kearns , right ? Well , there 's a possibility that his disappearance may have something to do with a report he was about to file with the Department of Agriculture . You got to understand that ever since he got here , George has been trying to shut us down . Well , he cited multiple violations . I know he did , believe me . I had to answer to every one . Was there any merit to his claims ? Let me show you something . Paula , you okay ? This is where George worked . Not a chicken leaves this plant without first passing through the inspector 's station . We 've been operating here for 50 years without any trouble with the USDA until George came along . So he really did threaten to shut the plant down . Oh , he tried , but we got three other inspectors here who consistently give us top marks . Here , see for yourself . No , the only problem this plant ever had was George . Problem enough to do something about ? If you 're suggesting any kind of unsavoriness , I guess anything 's possible . But you got to understand about George , he had a bone to pick with everyone , even the federal government . What are you talking about ? Well , he filed a big worker 's compensation suit- - claimed he was getting terrible headaches from his job . " Line hypnosis " his lawyers called it . Yeah , I read about that . It 's caused by high-speed repetitive activity . Well , we 'll not deny that a lot of chickens go through here every day , but we 've always operated well within federal guidelines . What happened to his lawsuit ? Well , it was dismissed just a few weeks before he disappeared . What 's that ? Oh , that ... feed grinder . Chops up bone and tissue . See , any part of the bird we can 't package , we process , use as feed . Chickens feed on chickens ? I know it doesn 't sound too appetizing , but it is nutritious , and it cuts down on costs . The meat is cooked and mixed with grain . No reason to let all that protein go to waste . You 'll have to excuse me . I got a shift change . Hi , Sheriff ! Logan . So , Mulder , are you ready to admit they sent us on a fool 's errand ? If the fool would persist in his folly , he would become wise , Scully . Well , whether George Kearns skipped town or somebody killed him , this case could 've been handled by any agent under the Kansas City office . I 'm not so sure about that . Paula ! Let him go . We 're federal agents . Everyone stay calm . Don 't hurt him . Just tell us what you want . Don 't get excited . Just calm down . Stay calm . We don 't want anyone to get hurt . We can talk this thing out . Why don 't you give me the knife . You okay ? Do you have any idea what might have prompted her attack ? None at all . No recent complaints or strange behavior ? Paula has always been one of our best employees- - stable , well-liked ... I can 't even begin to imagine what brought this on . What about you , Dr. Randolph ? Do you have any ideas ? If you 're done with me , I got work to do . Come by tomorrow , let me take a look . Make sure it 's not infected . Sure . Uh , Paula came by last week complaining of persistent headaches . She 'd suddenly started getting ... irritable , unable to sleep . Were you able to determine the cause ? No , I 'm just the staff physician here . I don 't usually treat anything more difficult than a hand injury , so I 'm a little out of my depth when it comes to psychiatric matters . You didn 't find anything physically wrong with her ? Sent her to County for a brain scan and an EEG . Both came back normal , so I just assumed that her condition was stress-related . Could it have been line hypnosis ? Like I said , I 'm not qualified to make that diagnosis . But you can tell us whether George Kearns came to you with any similar complaints . They presented similar symptoms , yeah . How did you treat them ? I treated them both with pain medication- - codeine . Well , I think an autopsy on Paula Gray would clarify things . I 'm afraid I can 't authorize that . You 'd have to speak with Mr. Chaco . Why ? You 're a physician . Yeah , but Mr. Chaco was Paula Gray 's grandfather and her legal guardian . Mr. Chaco ? Feeding these chickens helps me clear my mind . They 're perfect creatures , you know . We eat their meat , their eggs . Sleep on pillows stuffed with their feathers . Not many people I know are as useful as these chickens . I 'm sorry to disturb you , sir . We realize this is a difficult time for you . You want to conduct an autopsy on my granddaughter . Why ? You think Paula had some kind of disease that made her act that way ? That 's what we 're hoping a postmortem will determine . Thought your business here was George Kearns ' disappearance . It is , but we suspect that might have something to do with what happened to your granddaughter . How ? We 're not sure yet , but it 's possible they may have both suffered from the same neurological disorder . You know , when I came here after the war , Dudley was just a patch of dirt . I built that plant and put my whole family to work there . We made this town one of the biggest chicken processors in the nation . We couldn 't have done that with troublemakers and layabouts . I assume you 're talking about George Kearns . Men like George Kearns don 't build things . They tend to tear them down . Then you 're aware of his recommendation to close down your plant . You know , living a long life is a mixed blessing . You spend your youth trying to build something for yourself and your family and your community , only to watch it all taken away from you at your old age . Still ... I 'm not ready to die just yet . You go do your autopsy on Paula . I want to know what happened to my granddaughter . I think we 've got something here , Mulder . Take a look at this . What am I looking at ? It 's a specimen from Paula Gray 's brain . She suffered from a rare degenerative disorder called Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease . It 's characterized by the formation of sponge-like holes in the brain tissue . Why didn 't this show up on any of her charts ? Well , short of an autopsy , it 's a very difficult disease to diagnose . Outside of a textbook , I 've only seen infected tissue once , and that was back in medical school . Could this be the reason she attacked Jess Harold ? Absolutely . Victims of Creutzfeldt-Jakob suffer from progressive dementia , severe seizures ... Is it fatal ? This girl would have been dead in a matter of months . Except that Paula Gray was no girl . This is her personnel file , Scully . Check it out . Says here that Paula Gray was born in 1948 , which means that this woman- - Chaco 's granddaughter- - was 47 years old . There 's got to be some kind of a mistake . Let 's find out . Her birth certificate should be on file at the Seth County courthouse . Who knows , Scully ? This could turn out to be even more interesting than foxfire . The odds that Paula Gray and George Kearns had the same disease are practically nonexistent . Creutzfeldt-Jakob can be hereditary , but it 's not communicable . That two unrelated people in the same small town would contract the same rare disease is ... A lot more likely than Paula Gray being three years shy of her 50th birthday . Mulder , look out ! Call an ambulance . I 'll try to get the driver out . This is Federal Agent Scully . I 'd like to report an accident on County A-7 . I just got off the phone with Dr. Randolph . He said this driver had the same symptoms as Paula Gray and George Kearns . You 're saying this is a third victim of Creutzfeldt-Jakob ? You just got through telling me that two cases would be statistically impossible . Well , they would be . I just came up with a sick theory , Mulder . Ooh , I 'm listening . You saw the feed grinders at the plant . What if somebody put George Kearns 's body in there ? Creutzfeldt-Jakob is a prion disease , which means it could have been passed on to the chickens and , in turn , anyone who consumed them . So anyone eating chickens out of Dudley - would be at risk ? - Well , it 's possible . You know , sometimes in England , they 'll incinerate cattle to keep them from passing mad cow disease on to people . Yeah , but chickens from Dudley are shipped all over the country . If what you 're saying were true , we 'd be seeing an epidemic , not just a few local cases . Sheriff ? What 's wrong with this water ? Runoff from the plant . Chicken litter , mostly . Some blood and parts from the birds . Was this river searched after Kearns disappeared ? Are you kidding ? Talk about a needle in a haystack . Well , I 'd like it dragged as soon as possible . Why would you want to do that ? See what 's in there . Well , listen , that 's a filthy job , and I don 't particularly want to do it unless I know what it is you 're looking for . Hopefully nothing . Look , Sheriff , if you don 't want to do it , I can get some of my men down here to do it . I 'll do it . Mulder ... Oh , it 's just a hunch . I mean , if George Kearns didn 't just run off , if he was murdered for that inspection report , then his body 's got to be somewhere . We closed the spillway , and the water level dropped . They came up with it almost immediately . Did you find Kearns ? Maybe you better see for yourself . Sheriff Arens is outside . They 're still pulling bones from the river . Well , so far , I 've been able to isolate nine distinct skeletons . This one belonged to the late George Kearns . How do you know ? The pin in his femur . According to his medical file , Kearns broke his right leg four years ago . What about the others ? Well , I 'll need more sophisticated equipment to be certain , but I estimate that some of these bones are as much as 20 or 30 years old . All of them share one strange detail , though . Well , they seem to have lost their heads . Well , besides that . The older bones show signs of decay and surface abrasion , just like you 'd expect , but for some reason all of them , even Kearns 's , are smooth and buffed at the ends . It 's almost like they 've been polished . Well , it could just be from the erosion from the water , but ... No , that water had hardly any current , and this level of erosion wouldn 't be confined to just the ends of the bones . Any theories ? Maybe . Sheriff ? Doris . Is it true ? Just tell me . Doris , I want you to listen to me . They found him , didn 't they ? Well , we brought up quite a few remains at the river this afternoon , and George 's were among them . I 'm sorry . Listen , I 'm really sorry . - It 's going to be all right . - No ... no ! Don 't worry , Doris , we 'll take care of you . Doris ? Hey , got a new schedule ? Mm-hmm . Yep . Let me see . Why do I get the feeling you 're not here to check up on my neck ? They found bones in the river . I know . I heard . Did you also hear that Clayton Walsh came down with the symptoms ? That 's four . It 's getting worse with every day that goes by . Someone has to tell Mr. Chaco . He knows what 's happening . He 's just not doing anything about it . Maybe I should talk to him . You can try . I will talk to him . He 'll listen to me . And if he doesn 't ? I had Danny run a check on all missing persons last seen within a 200 - mile radius of Dudley . In the last 50 years , 87 people have disappeared near here . And judging from the forensic evidence , I 'd say the same person or persons was responsible . Then it may have been the work of some kind of a cult . Scully , I think that the good people of Dudley have been eating more than just chicken . You think these people were eaten ? Look at these bones . They 've been polished at both ends , suggesting they were boiled in a pot . Anthropologists have used similar evidence to prove cannibalism among the Anasazi tribe of New Mexico . Well , then Paula Gray may have contracted Creutzfeldt-Jakob by eating George Kearns . That could begin to explain her youthful appearance . What are you talking about ? Some cannibalistic rituals are enacted with the belief that they can prolong life . Cannibalism is one thing , but increasing longevity by eating human flesh ... Well , think about it , Scully . From vampirism to Catholicism , whether literally or symbolically , the reward for eating flesh is eternal life . I don 't claim to know how it works , but we both saw Paula Gray . We never confirmed the date of birth on her personnel file . Maybe the records at the courthouse will tell us how old she really is and if anybody else in Dudley is lying about their age . You coming ? You got to do something about what 's happening , Mr. Chaco . People are getting scared . They don 't know what to make of things . They 're losing their faith is what it sounds like . It 's getting hard to hold on to , the way things are going . Three more have gotten sick since yesterday . I lost my granddaughter in this , Jess , so don 't tell me what we 're up against . Now , I said I 'll handle it . I know you ... Yes ? I need to see Mr. Chaco . Oh , Doris ? I ... I can 't do this anymore , Mr. Chaco . I can 't keep lying . It 's all right . Jess told me what happened . You have nothing to worry about . They 're going to think I did it . No , they won 't think any such thing . But I did . No . I helped . He was no good , Doris . He had no values . He didn 't fit in here . But he was my husband . That was a price you had to pay . Now , you knew that from the beginning . But those FBI agents ... Ah-ah . This town wasn 't built in a day . It 's not about to fall apart in a day . Now , you 're a part of us now , and we 're going to take good care of you . Now , I want you to go home , get some rest . You 've got a funeral to go to . This whole thing will blow over soon enough , and you 'll wonder what all the fuss is about . I 'm sorry . That 's all right . We all understand , Doris . Good night . She 'll be fine . She 's not stable . She 's one of us now , part of our town . Unless we do something about her , there won 't be any town left to speak of . No ! No , once we start turning on ourselves , we 're no better than the animals . It 's the FBI we should be worried about . They 're the real problem . Someone 's been playing with matches . Smells like a recent fire . I bet it 's no coincidence it only hit the birth records . You think someone was expecting us ? Mulder . It 's Doris Kearns . I 'm in my house . I need to speak with you right away . Are you all right ? I 'm afraid for my life . I 'm afraid he 'll kill me . Who ? Mr. Chaco . All right , Mrs. Kearns , I want you to stay in the house and lock the door , and don 't answer the door until Agent Scully gets there . Where are you going ? Take Chaco into custody . No . Mrs. Kearns ? Mrs. Kearns ? Mrs. Kearns ? Is Mr. Chaco in ? I 'll see if he 's still awake . I 'm sorry , but Mr. Chaco is unable to see you now . Do you know what 's in here ? I wouldn 't know . Can you open it ? I don 't have the key . What do you think you 're doing ? ! Scully . Scully , Chaco 's not here . Yeah . Mrs. Kearns is missing , too , Mulder . I think someone 's been here . The power 's been cut and the back door was wide open when I got here , but her car is still out back . Chaco must have taken her . Scully ? Scully ? ! Scully , what happened ? Scully , you there ? You all right ? Scully ! Answer me ! Scully ! What have you done here ? ! I warned you ! I said not to touch her ! Doris Kearns was one of us ! Who 's behind this ? Why didn 't you listen to me ? It 's the outsiders we have to deal with , not one of our own . We 'll deal with them all . Look at yourselves ! Look at what you 've become ! This isn 't faith anymore . It 's just fear . They 've turned us into an abomination . You brought in the outsider who made us all sick . Once you turn on yourselves , it 's over . How long before it 's any one of us ? Any one of you ? That 's not your problem anymore , Mr. Chaco . No . No . Kill me and you kill us all . Latch it . Bring her over . Are you hurt ? Mm-mm . You all right ? Listen up , people ! Stand away from your workstations ! Let 's go ! We 're moving it out ! Pending further review , the Chaco processing plant has been closed by the USDA . So far , no evidence of contaminated chicken has been discovered . Though it remains unknown how many citizens participated in the ritual activity , 27 have become fatally ill with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . What is known is that a transport plane carrying Walter Chaco was shot down in 1944 over New Guinea . Chaco was the only survivor of that crash . According to Naval records , he spent six months with the Jale- - a tribe whose cannibalistic practices have long been suspected but never proven . Naval records also show that Walter Chaco was born in 1902 , making him 93 years old at the time of his death . As of this date , his remains have yet to be found . I made this !
