 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Help ! Help ! Somebody help me ! Help ! Agh ! He 's gonna kill me ! Help ! God ! Somebody help me ! Go away ! Help ! Please help me ! Help ! Mulder ? Look at that . Huh ? Huh ? Oh , shi ... - Mulder ... - Don 't . Don 't even start with me . I know what I saw . Skinner wants a report in one hour . - What will you tell him ? - What do you mean ? I 'm going to tell him exactly what I saw . - What are you gonna tell him ? - I 'll tell him exactly what I saw . Now , how is that different ? Look , I 'm the one who may go to prison . I gotta know if you 're gonna back me up , or what ? First of all , if the family of Ronnie Strickland does indeed decide to sue the FBI for I think the figure is $ 446 million , then you and I both will most certainly be codefendants . And second of all ... I don 't even have a second of all , Mulder . $ 446 million . I 'm in this as deep as you , and I 'm not the one that overreacted ! I didn " L do the ... with the thing . I did not overreact _ Strickland was a vampire . - Where 's your proof ? - You 're my proof . You were there . OK , now you 're scaring me . What will you tell Skinner ? - Oh , you want our stories straight . - I just want to hear it the way you saw it . - I don 't feel comfortable with that . - Prison . Your cellmate 's nickname is gonna be Large IVlarge . She 's gonna read Gertrude Stein . - All right . - All right . Start at the beginning . The very beginning ? Fine . Yesterday morning , when I arrived at work , you were , uh ... Characteristically exuberant . - Hope you brought your cowboy boots . - You want us to go to Dallas ? Yee-ha ! Actually , a town called Chaney about 50 miles south of there , population 361 . By all accounts very rustic and charming , but as of late , the locus for a series of nocturnal exsanguinations . Exsanguinations ? Of whom ? How does that grab ya ? - it 's a ... - Dead cow . Exactly . A dead 900-pound Holstein , its body completely drained of blood . As was this one , this one , this one , this one , and so on . Six , all in all . - One a week over six weeks . - Is there any sign of ... ? - Two puncture wounds ? - Not what I was gonna ask . Too bad , we got ' em . Check it out . Well , these may be syringe marks meant to emulate fangs Such ritualistic blood-letting points towards cultists of some sort , in which case ... - What ? - Yeah , that 's probably it . Satanic cultists . Come on ! You don 't think it 's the Mexican goatsucker ? EI Chupacabra ? They got four fangs , not two . And they suck goats , hence the name . So , instead , this would be ? Classic vampirism _ - Of cows . - And one dead human . A vacationer from New Jersey . Come on , we gotta go . - Why didn 't you tell me that from the start ? - Lock the door on your way out . ( Scully ) The town of Chaney is too small to maintain a morgue facility . As such , we made our way to the Peaceful Slumbers funeral home in order to examine the body of one Mr Dwight Funt , recently deceased . It was there that we were met by a representative of local law enforcement . - Sheriff .. - Lucius Hartwell . - You the FBI agents ? - Yes , I 'm _ _ _ Agents Mulder and ... ( clicks his Hngers ) - Scully . Let 's go take a look at your victim . - Yeah , by all means . After you . Come on , Scully , get those little legs moving ' . Come on . BOY - Here we go . Nice threads ! No exam has been done ? No . He 's just like we found him in the motel . Once I heard you folks were interested , I figured we 'd best leave it up to the experts . Your satanic cultists have some sharp little teeth . - What satanic cultists ? - Go ahead . Tell him your " theory " . Well , my theory has evolved . Basically , I think we 're looking for someone who has seen too many Bela Lugosi movies . - He believes he is a vampire , therefore ... - They act like one , yeah . Yeah . That makes a whole lot of sense . - I think she 's right . - What about the fang marks ? Well , someone so obsessed might well file down their inoisors . A moulage casting should help us make an identification . Ivloulage casting . That 's a good idea . Now , isn 't there some kind of disease that makes a person think that they 're a vampire ? Well , there is a psychological fixation called haematodipsia , which causes the sufferer to gain erotic satisfaction from consuming human blood . Erotic ... Yeah . There are also genetic afflictions which cause a heightened sensitivity to light , to garlic ... Porphyria Xeroderma pigmentosum . You really know your stuff , Dana . " Dana " ' ? He never even knew your first name ! - You gonna interrupt me or what ? - No . Go ahead . Dana . Anyway , that 's when you had your big breakthrough . Whatever . Agent Scully , you really know your stuff . Sheriff , you say this man is exactly as you found him ? Yes , sir , to the letter . Have you noticed that this man 's shoes are untied ? - Yeah , they sure are . - What 's your point ? This means something . Sheriff , do you have a cemetery in town , off the beaten path - the creepier the better ? Uh , yeah . - Take me there . - Mulder . Scully , we 're gonna need a complete autopsy on this man . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . What am I even looking for ? I don 't know . - He does that . - Come on , Sheriff Hartwell . Ma 'am _ 4 _ 54pm _ Begin autopsy on white male , aged 60 , who is arguably having a worse time in Texas than I am . Although not by much . I 'll begin with the Y incision . Yee-ha . Heart weighs 370 grams . Tissue appears healthy . Left lung weighs 345 grams . Tissue appears healthy . Large intestine , 890 grams . Yadda , yadda , yadda . Stomach contents show last meal close to the time of death . Consisting of ... pizza . Topped with pepperoni , green peppers , mushrooms ... Mushrooms ... That sounds really good . Having completed the autopsy I checked into the Davey Crockett Motor Court . ( Mulder ) The name of it was actually the .Sam Houston Motor Lodge - ( contented sigh ) Oh , my God . Chloral hydrate . What ? What the hell happened to you ? Nothin ' . Chloral hydrate ? That thing you didn 't know you were looking for : chloral hydrate . More colourfully known as knockout drops . I found it in abundance when I sent the tox screen in on our murder victim . - No , seriously , what happened to you ? - Nothing . Who slipped him the IVliokey ? My " theory " ? Your vampire . He found it necessary to dope poor Mr Funt to the gills before he could extract his blood . Probably did it to the cows , too . What kind of vampire would do that ? Exactly . We got another dead tourist . You gotta do another autopsy . Tonight ? I just put money in the Magic Fingers . I won 't let it go to waste . ( Mulder chuckles ) This one 's my room , Mulder . Don 't get mud everywhere . Yeah . Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . OK . ( chuckles ) Excuse me , ma 'am _ Did you order a pizza ? Yeah . The guy in there 'll pay for it . Forgoing both dinner and sleep , I was soon back at the funeral home examining one Mr Paul Lombardo , from Naples , Florida . Head . Lung . Large intestine . As with the previous victim , it appears that the subject was most likely incapacitated with chloral hydrate and then exsanguinated . ( phone ) The drug was either injected or ingested - I 'm not sure which . - Scully . - ( muffled breathing ) Hello ? Hello ? Where was I ? Stomach contents . Stomach contents include ... Pizza . The chloral hydrate 's in the pizza . The pizza guy . Mulder ! Mulder ? That 's it ? Well , luckily , I 'd gotten there in time . I mean , though you were drugged , you were more or less unharmed . Mulder ? Are you OK ? Who 's the black private dick who 's a sex machine with all the chicks ? Shaft Can ya dig it ? They say this cat Shaft is a bad mother ... Shut your mouth . Talkin ' ' bout Shaft . I did not . Long story short . Though my first four shots obviously missed Ronnie Strickland entirely , with my fifth I was able to shoot out a tyre on his car , forcing him to escape on foot . I left you behind and I entered the woods in pursuit . I assumed that you were incapacitated . Then I heard screaming . When I arrived in the clearing , I found you 'd caught up with him first and had ... overreacted _ - And that his vampire teeth were fake . - That 's what you 'll tell Skinner ? Well , I 'm gonna argue that we caught a killer . An utterly nonsupernatural killer , but a killer , nonetheless . And that your zeal to catch up with him was augmented by the chloral hydrate you were given . - You are afraid to tell the truth . - Excuse me ? That 's not it at all . What are you afraid of ? That if you tell it the way it really happened , you 'll look like an idiot - like me ? Mulder , why don 't you tell me the way you think it happened ? Starting at the beginning . You 're damn right . Yesterday morning began like any other morning . You arrived at the office characteristically less than exuberant . I hope you brought your cowboy boots . Why are we going to Dallas ? Actually , it 's a little town south of there called Chaney , Texas . They 've had some incidents down there recently which are pretty unusual . Like What ? I brought some slides with which to better illustrate . Here we go . - It 's a dead cow . - It 's actually six dead cows . - And here 's the interesting thing ... - Why am I looking at six dead cows ? Um , because of the way in which they died . All six were mysteriously exsanguinated . - And ? - And two little puncture marks on the neck . Look . I got a slide of that . And , um , one dead human victim . Last night . A vacationer from New Jersey . His body completely drained of blood and two little puncture wounds on his neck . OK , look , Scully , I don 't want to jump to any hasty conclusions , but on the strength of the evidence that we have , I think that what we may be looking at is what appears to be a series of vampire or vampirelike attacks . On what do you base that ? Uh , well , on the corpses drained of blood and the fang marks on the neck . But , as always , I 'm very eager to hear your opinion . - Well , it 's obviously not a vampire . - Well , why not ? Because they don 't exist ? Well , that 's one opinion and I respect that . Nonetheless , a murder has been committed here , and we can help bring a killer to justice - in whatever form , mortal or immortal , he may take . It 's not that Mexican goatsucker either . ( Mulder ) Upon arrival , I made an interesting observation - One which you apparently didn 't hear - That 's a whole lot of caskets . - Largest in-stock selection in the state . Well , why would a town with a population of only 361 need that ? Repeat business . Nlortician humour . Excuse me . ( Mulder ) Apparently , your mind was somewhere else - Oh , boy ! Y 'all must be the government people . I 'm Lucius Hartwell . He had big buckteeth ? - He had a slight overbite . - No , he didn 't . And that 's significant ? How ? I 'm just trying to be thorough . - So anyway , we went to look at the body . - Here we go . - No exam has been done ? - This is just like we found him in the motel . No exam has been done ? Uh , no , ma 'am . Once I heard y 'all was interested , I figured we 'd best leave it to the experts . Now , uh ... that can 't be what it looks like , right ? It depends on what you think it looks like . Vampires have always been with us , in myths and stories passed down from early man . From the Babylonian Ekimmu , to the Chinese Kuang-Shi , the Motetz Dam of the Hebrews , the IVIormo of ancient Greece and Rome , right down to the more familiar Nosferatu . IVlormo , yeah . In short , Sheriff , no , this can 't be what it looks like . I think what we 're dealing with here is simply a case of some lunatic , who , uh , has watched too many Bela Lugosi movies . He wishes that he could transfigure himself into a creature of the night . Yeah , OK . What she said , that 's what I 'm thinkin ' , and , uh ... - Yeah . - But still that leaves us in a quandary , because there are as many kinds of vampires as there are cultures that fear them . Some don 't even subsist on blood . The Bulgarian Ubour eats only manure . Thank you . To the Serbs , a prime indicator of vampirism was red hair . Uh , some vampires are thought to be eternal , others to have a life span of only 40 days . Sunlight kills certain vampires , while others are thought to come and go as they please . If there is a point , feel free to come to it . We don 't know exactly what we 're looking for . What kind of vampire or , if you prefer , what Kind of vampire this Killer wishes himself to be . Now , why is it so important that his shoes were untied ? We 're gettin ' to it . So , while you did the autopsy , the sheriff drove me to the town cemetery . Agent Mulder , you mind me askin ' you why we 're out here ? Historically , cemeteries are thought to be a haven for vampires , as are castles , catacombs and swamps - but you don 't have any of those . We used to have swamps , only the EPA made us take to calling ' ' em wetlands . Yeah . So we 're here lookin ' for signs of vampiric activity . Which would be ... Broken or shifted tombstones , the absence of birds singing . There you go . Cos I ain 't hearing ' any birds singin ' _ Right ? Course it 's winter and we ain 't got no birds , but ... Is there anything else ? A faint groaning - the sound of manducation , of the creature eating its own death shroud . No . No man ... ma ... ma ... - Manducation . - . _ manducation , no . Sheriff , I know my methods may seem a little odd to you , but ... Look , y 'all work for the federal government . That 's all I need to know . I mean , CIA , secret service , y 'all run the show , so ... It 's just that my gut instinct tells me that the Killer will visit this place . That it may well hold some fascination , some kind of siren call for him , you know ? ( car horn ) - Howdy , Sheriff . - Oh , hey , Ronnie . How 's it goin ' ? - Can 't complain . - Well , all right , then . Maybe after nightfall , Sheriff , but he 'll come . Oh , he 'll come . ( Mulder ) So , we staked out the cemetery . Mulder ? Shoelaces ? - Hm ? - On the corpse . You were going to tell me what was so meaningful about finding untied snoelaces . I 'm gettin ' to it . Sunflower seed ? Sorry . No , thanks . Do you mind ... do you mind me asking you what you were ... ? Historically , certain seeds are thought to fascinate vampires . Chiefly oats and millet , but you make do with what you have . Remember when I said that we didn 't know what type of vampire we were looking for ? Well , there seems to be one obscure fact which , in all the stories told by the different cultures , is the same , and that 's that vampires are really , really obsessive-compulsive . You toss a handful of seeds at one , no matter what he 's doin ' he 'll pick it up . If he sees a knotted rope , he 's gotta untie it . In fact , that 's why I 'm guessing that our victim 's shoelaces were untied _ Yeah . Obsessive ... Like Rain IVlan . It 's like when that old boy dropped the matchsticks , he had to pick ' em all up . Well , he didn 't actually pick ' em up . He counted ' em _ Oh , yeah , sorry . 247 , right off the top of his head . Well , if he picked ' em up , then he would have been a vampire . I 'll tell you what . I know I 'm in law enforcement , but I 'd like to take him to Vegas myself . Am I right ? - Well , that would be illegal . - He was like a calculator . - Yeah . - ( radio ) Sheriff you got your radio on ? Excuse me . Hey , Charlene , what 's up ? I got a call from the RV park . They got something of a situation there . Sounds like you might wanna have a look . Hey again , Sheriff . Hey again , Ronnie . ( Ronnie ) I guess you got yourself a runaway . Well , yeah , Ronnie . I guess we do . What do you think ? We ought to shoot the tyres out ? - Anyway , skipping ahead ... - Why skip ahead ? What happened then ? Mulder , you shot out the tyres , and what then ? ( Mulder ) Here 's something you may not know . Shooting out the tyres on a runaway RV is a lot harder than it looks . I then tried a different approach . ( screams ) Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Argh ! Oh ! Help ! - Ohhh ! - Come on , bird-dog it ! Attaway ! OW ! How you doin ' there ? All right ? ( Mulder ) Finally , we prevailed - That 's the same as the others . Right down to the shoes . We interviewed everyone present . No one had seen anything . Tired , frustrated , and lacking a solid lead , I just wanted to get cleaned up . I had the sheriff drop me at the motel , which is where I ran into you . Whaddaya mean , you want me to do another autopsy ? Why do we have to do it right now ? I just spent hours on my feet doing an autopsy ! I do it all for you ! I haven 't eaten since 6 _ Ooam , and that was half of a cream-cheese bagel - and it wasn 't even real cream cheese . And now you want me to run off and do another autopsy ? What the hell happened to you ? - ( Mulder ) Finally , you left . - ( Scully ) Don 't you touch that bed . ( slams the door ) ( knock on door ) Hello ? Hello ? Uh , hey again . The lady outside , she said that , um , you 'd pay for this . She ordered a pizza from you ? - Excellent . How much ? - $ 12.98 . I 'll get my wallet . - How much ? - it 's $ 12.98 . - Well , here 's $ 13 . - OK , then . Enjoy . Ah , Scully . So , I ate your dinnen And that 's when I saw it . But by then it was too late . - ( groan ) - Scully . - Uhh _ _ . - Hello ? Hello ? - Creep . - Uhh _ _ _ Aw , man ! What 'd you have to go and do that for ? You are in big trouble . Agh ... Then I was out cold . I don 't know for how long , but when I finally came to ... ( crash ) Mulder ? ( gunshots ) Argh ! You 're saying that I actually hit him two times ? - Square in the chest . No effect . - Then he flew at me like a flying squirrel ? Well , I don 't think I 'll use the phrase " flying squirrel " when I talk to Skinner , but , yeah , that 's what happened . You checked on me , then left to pursue Strickland into the woods . Once I recovered , I knew what I had to do . Help me ! Help ! I caught sight of him , chased him over hill and dale . And in the end ... Mulder , it 's not just me . Nobody in their right mind will ever believe that story . They 'll have to , once they examine Ronnie Strickland 's body . Case 00261 98 . Ronald LaVelle Strickland . Probable cause of death ... Gee , that 's a tough one . Assistant Director Skinner 's office . Oh , I 'm sorry . He 's about to go into a meeting . Yes , it may last several hours . You 're welcome . Mulder . Pleasejust keep reminding him you were drugged . - Would you stop that ? - Couldn 't hurt . Just stop it . - Scully , IVlulder . - I was drugged . I want you back in Texas . Strickland 's body has disappeared from the morgue . Apparently , the coroner 's been attacked . His throat was bitten . - The coroner 's dead ? - No , his throat was bitten . He was sort of ... gnawed on . Daylight 's burning , Agents . But ... he was dead . I noticed that . - With a stake through his heart . - I noticed that too . So we should find Ronnie out here becausem ? Because tradition states that a vampire needs to sleep in his native soil . - Oh . - Yeah . But , Mulder , he had fake fangs _ Why would a real vampire need fake fangs ? I mean , for the sake of argument . Well , fangs are rarely mentioned in the folklore . Real vampires aren 't thought to have them . It 's more an invention of Bram Stoker 's _ I think you were right when you said this was a guy who 's seen too many Dracula movies . He just happens to be a real vampire . Well , so where the hell is he ? What about his family , who were gonna sue us for $ 446 million ? Well , an aunt and an uncle . Their mail comes general delivery to a local post office . No home address ? It 's the sheriff . Sheriff Hartwell . Evenin ' , Agents . I heard y 'all were back in town . - Thought I might be of some assistance . - Yeah , actually , you can . You can stay here with Agent Scully and keep an eye on things while I check somethin ' out . Don 't say I never did nothin ' for ya . Where are you going ? Where might you be living if your mail came general delivery around here ? The RV park ? You 're good . - Thanks . - You 're very welcome . So , what do you think about vampires ? You mean , aside from the fact that I don 't believe in them ? Yeah , aside from that . Well , they 're supposed to be extremely charming . Seductive . No , I mean , even if they did really exist , who 's to say they 'd actually be like that ? As Agent Mulder says , " There are many different kinds of vampires . " Yeah . There sure are . I really need to apologise to you about Ronnie . He makes us all look bad . He 's just not who we are any more . I mean , we pay taxes , we 're good neighbours . Old Ronnie , hejust ... he can 't quite seem to grasp the concept of ... Low profile . But though he may be a moron , he is one of our own . ( something snaps ) Hello . ( music from stereo ) Sleeping late . Ronnie Strickland . You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . Come on , cut it out , Ronnie . Oh , damn . Back . Argh ! No ! Aaaaarggh ! Mulder . Scully , what happened ? I came to in the cemetery . That 's all I know . ( sounds horn accidentally ) They pulled up stakes . So that 's it ? They simply disappeared without a trace ? And that 's exactly the way it happened from start to finish ? I can neither confirm nor deny the version of events which occurred outside my presence . And I can neither confirm nor deny Agent Scully 's version of events , but ... Anyway , I was drugged . That is , essentially , exactly the way it happened . Essentially . ( Mulder ) Except for the part about the buckteeth - Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
