 Two men , young , idealistic . The fine product of a generation hardened by world war . Two fathers whose paths would converge in a new battle . An invisible war between a silent enemy and a sleeping giant on a scale to dwarf all historical conflicts . A 50-years war , its killing fields lying in wait for the inevitable global holocaust . Theirs was the dawn of Armageddon . And while the world was unaware , unwitting spectators to the hurly-burly of the decades-long struggle between heaven and earth there were those who prepared for the end . Who measured the size and power of the enemy , and faced the choices : Stand and fight , or bow to the will of a fearsome enemy . Or to surrender ; to yield and collaborate . To save themselves and stay their enemy 's hand . Men who believed that victory was the absence of defeat and survival the ultimate ideology . No matter what the sacrifice . - Shoot me now , before it 's too late ! - Mulder ? ! Shoot ! Who are you ! Get down ! - Who are you ? ! - Get down ! Down ! Down ! On the floor ! Who are you ? ! We 're with the Centers for Disease Control . Remain calm and where you are for your own good . You 're gonna be transported to a quarantine facility as soon as we can secure the environment . - Quarantine for what ? - A contagion . A contagion of unknown origin . There must be some kind of mistake . I signed up for the aromatherapy treatment . Are we going to be able to talk to somebody who can tell us what this is all about ? Where the hell do you think we are ? I think , based on our travel time probably Fort Marlene . High risk decontamination and quarantine . I 'm going to beg for your understanding and forgiveness and offer my humblest apologies for the way this went down . I didn 't have a lot of choices . I owe your neighbors apologies as well . It 's going to be some time before they get back in the building . We 're still acting on a CDC Level-Four quarantine protocol . - Based on what information ? - That Cassandra Spender had contracted a highly contagious vectoring organism which produces a spontaneous cellular breakdown and combustion . What ? She was and remains the only surviving victim of an unspecified medical experiment that killed seven doctors with violent and unexplained burning . - Who called you ? - Agent Spender . - Where 's Cassandra ? - She 's isolated ... Pending full and satisfactory medical evaluation . Cassandra Spender was in a general hospital environment for days . We met with her , and yet on a whim you call in the third battalion . It 's unjustified and highly suspicious as to motive . - Scully ... - What motives are you suspecting ? - Your isolation of Cassandra . - She 's Patient Zero . No one is sick or infected here . I mean , I assume that based on you walking in here dressed to the nines offering apologies masquerading as explanations . - Scully ... - Mulder , I want to see Cassandra . - I told you ... she 's isolated . - Yes , and I am a medical doctor . Who is suspended indefinitely from her position at the FBI . - They 've burned our clothes . - Hey ... I heard gray is the new black . Mulder , this stinks , and not just because I think that woman is a ... - Well , I think you know what I think that woman is . - No . Actually , you hide your feelings very well . Agent Spender calling the Centers for Disease Control ? Mulder , this is just somebody using their position to stage a hi-tech government kidnapping . Apparently not . I just spoke to AD Skinner . He was at the hospital when Cassandra went missing . He heard Spender make the phone call to the CDC . But she wasn 't sick , Mulder . I mean , the remarkable thing is she was well . Well , then why did she come to my apartment demanding to be killed ? Because of everything that had been done to her . Because of the tests , because of the medical experiments and the implant put in her neck . The same thing that was done to me . She just wants it to stop . And I 'm telling you , they have taken her so that it can continue . No . It won 't continue . It doesn 't have to anymore . She knows what she is , Scully . That 's why it 's so dangerous for her to be alive . That 's why she came to my apartment asking to be killed . What is she ? I think she 's the one , Scully . I recovered all the medical records form the hospital . The doctors who examined her before she escaped are telling us Cassandra Spender may be the culmination of 25 years of this group 's finest efforts . That 's why the rebels struck . They were trying to kill her . They killed everyone but her . They struck to keep her alive ; keep us from killing her . - What do the rebels want ? - To destroy us . They know that when the aliens learn of Cassandra , colonization will begin . - We must destroy Cassandra . - No . Let colonization begin . We must turn over Cassandra . Save ourselves . Bill Mulder was against this . He said this would be our tragic mistake . Bill Mulder sacrificed his only daughter because he knew this day would arrive . What choice have we ... if you want to see your families survive ? If we want to see those we sacrificed returned to us ? Hello ? Hello ? Oh , oh , Ma 'am . These shoes ? They 're ... they 're two sizes too small . I was wondering if I could get a ... A pair that fit , maybe ? I can 't be seen with you . Marita ? If they catch me with you , they 'll kill me this time . Who ? - The Smoking Man and ... his group . - What have they done to you ? Tests . Terrible , terrible tests . - Like the tests on Cassandra Spender ? - No . No , Cassandra Spender is part of a program that 's been going on for 25 years . A hybrid program . Then what were the tests on you ? I was infected with the alien virus ... the black oil . My tests were on the vaccine against it ... being developed in secret . In secret from the alien colonists . The hybrid program was in cooperation with the aliens but the conspirators never intended to succeed ... to finish the work . - They were buying time . - To make a vaccine and build a weapon . But Cassandra Spender happened . She 's the first , isn 't she ? She 's the first successful alien / human hybrid . If she is ... and the aliens learn a hybrid exists colonization of the planet will begin . With no stopping it . Jeffrey . Jeffrey . - Jeffrey . - Mom ... How are you feeling ? - Uh , fine . Why are they keeping me here ? - I 'm keeping you here because you 're safe here . - Safe from who ? - You know who . From my father . - You can 't keep me safe from him . - I can , Mom and I 'm going to . There won 't be any more tests on you . You don 't understand . You don 't understand about me . - I do . I understand everything now . - You don 't understand what will happen what will happen to you if they find me out . - You 've got to let me go . - They 'll just hurt you again , Mom . Yes . You must let them . Or everyone dies . Everyone . Jeffrey ... Please ... Jeffrey ... Jeffrey ! Jeffrey ... - The latest in home security . - Hey , you get through this , you got to come through me . I got a call from Scully . Said it was urgent . I 'll ask you to hear me out before you launch any objection . Mulder , I asked them to pull up everything they could on Diana Fowley . - I don 't have time for this . - Mulder , she 's playing you for a fool . - I know her , Scully . You don 't . - You knew her . You don 't anymore . I think we can prove that to you . She took a position in the FBI 's foreign counter-terrorism unit in 1991 . Seven years in Europe . Yet there isn 't a single piece of information available on her activities in the FBI files . I hope you 've got something more than that to indict her with . Travel records pulled from airline manifests that had been purged from her FBI records . Extensive movement throughout Western Europe . Almost weekly trips to and from Tunisia . - For the purpose of what ? - That 's what we couldn 't figure ... - ... until we took a flyer and we found this . - Mutual UFO network logs . MUFON . Special Agent Diana Fowley of the FBI was visiting every European chapter collecting data on female abductees . - So she 's collecting data . Big deal . - Or hiding it . - Scully , you 're reaching . - Mulder , when I was abducted a chip was put in my neck . When I happened upon a MUFON group filled with women who 'd had the same experience . So you 're suggesting that Diana is monitoring these abductees ? Monitoring these tests ? You tell me that Cassandra Spender is the critical test subject , the one who could prove everything . And yet , who is watching over her ? Mulder , I can prove what you 're saying or I can disprove it but not when Diana Fowley is keeping us from even seeing her . Mulder , ask yourself why there is no information whatsoever on Special Agent Diana Fowley . Why she would suddenly happen into your life when you are closer than ever to the truth . I mean , you ... you ask me to trust no one and yet you trust her on simple faith . Because you 've given me no reason here to do otherwise . Well , then I can 't help you anymore . - Scully , you 're making this personal . - Because it is personal , Mulder . Because , without the FBI , personal interest is all that I have . And if you take that away then there is no reason for me to continue . Diana ? Diana ? Sorry . Nobody home . What are you doing here ? The door was open . I came in . Interesting company you keep . No more interesting than your apparent ... ah ... lingerie fetish . You feeling smug , C.G.B. ? Yeah , I know your name . I know your game and I got nothing to lose . I remember looking over a gun barrel at you once before , Agent Mulder . You couldn 't pull the trigger then . What makes you think you can do it now ? I came here looking for my son . - Why ? - Because he 's betrayed me . He 's chosen the wrong side . He 's chosen to believe in your cause . - That presumes my cause is wrong . - Oh , it is , Agent Mulder . It is . I 'm not the one using innocent people , innocent women , as lab rats , trying to create a hybrid , an alien / human hybrid , so that I might save my own sorry ass when they finally come knocking ! You find that funny ? ! Your father was against it , too , back in ' 73 . The lone dissenter . But he came to his senses . And gave up your sister , Samantha . He didn 't give up my sister . He was forced to . You made him do it . Oh , you 're wrong , Agent Mulder . I can 't tell you how wrong you are . How wrong you 've always been . We had agreed to cooperate with the alien colonists . By a majority vote taken by the group that your father and I worked for . A group that came together at the State Department on a project dating back to 1947 , to Roswell . The vote changed that , though . It changed everything . We no longer cleaved to any government agency . We would now operate privately , on our own project . That was your father 's objection : that we would ally ourselves with the alien colonists . - Towards your own selfish end . - We forestalled an alien invasion . - No , no , no , you only managed to postpone it . - We saved billions of lives . You put those lives on hold so you alone could survive ! No , Agent Mulder , so you could . That 's exactly what your father failed to realize . He railed at us and our plans even as the process had begun . While the group had agreed to the most painful sacrifices . Sacrifices that ... no one else would ever be asked to make . You gave them your children ! You gave them your wife ! You sent them away ... like they were things . We sent them away , Agent Mulder , because it was the right thing to do . - You sent them away to be tested on . - We sent them so they would come back to us . Don 't you see ? You can 't think these choices were made lightly . They were the most painful decisions of our lives . Watching our families ' faces ... You 're a liar . My sister wasn 't taken from any hangar . She was abducted from our home right in front of me . Because your father was late to understand the necessity . That he , too , must give up one of his children to the alien colonists . The aliens insisted on it . It was the only way they would give us the one thing that we needed . The one thing without which we could not proceed . You see , the alien fetus would give us the alien genome ... The DNA with which we could make a human hybrid . A new race , Agent Mulder . An alien / human hybrid who could survive the holocaust . So you could survive . And live to see your sister . And now you 've succeeded ? Quite ... in spite of ourselves . The plan was to stall , to resist . - To work secretly on a vaccine . - That was your father 's idea . To use the alien DNA to make a vaccine . To save everyone . The world . It was the reason he came along . But it 's too late now . Colonization is going to begin . There will be a sequence of events . A state of emergency will be declared because of a massive outbreak of the alien virus delivered by bees . And the takeover will begin . - I have only to hand over Cassandra . - You can 't do that . Our hand 's been forced by the faceless rebels . We 've no choice . - Stop it now or ... I will stop it . - No , Agent Mulder . You won 't stop it . - Not if you want to see your sister again . - You stop it ... or everyone dies . No . I live . You live ... To see your sister return . It 's what your father realized . It 's what you 'll realize as your father 's son . Or die in vain with the rest of the world . Save her . Save yourself . You 're looking for your father . - He 's gone . They 've all gone . - But they 're coming back . No . No , they left for good . What do you mean ? - Well , they 've abandoned these offices . - But they 've been here for 50 years . - I don 't think you understand . - Where did they go ? To West Virginia . They 'll be transported by the colonists and begin medical preparations to receive the hybrid genes . Except for your father . - He 's gone to get your mother . - No one can get to her . I 've got her secured away . Secured away ? He 's already had his doctors looking at her . - I 've got her under guard . - She 's probably being prepared as we speak , Jeffrey . - What do you want now ? - Just lie back , Cassandra . We 're just going to remove ... You leave me alone . Leave me alone ! Cassandra . Lie back . Relax . It 'll be easier . Leave me alone ! Oh , no , you 're not going to dope me ! No , don 't dope me ! Roll her over , please . Roll over . Don 't ! Damn you ! Bastards ! The biggest bastard of all . I need a few minutes . They never question it , do they ? - What ? - Your power and authority ... When you 're really such a coward . I ... I came in hopes that we might speak of the future ... not the past . I 'm at a disadvantage ... since you 've stolen the past from me . I won 't defend myself . Except ... except to say that ... We 're here now only because of what I 've done . It 's due to it . I know it now . Only now . But for so many years , I didn 't understand , through all the abductions and the tests , that it was you . I ordered them , yes . But it was never my intention to harm you . - God . - It was to save you . And Jeffrey . You can never save our son . He knows what you 've done to me . I saved you . There 's only one way ... to save him . Only one thing you must do . I can 't do it to you . I can 't . I must die or they all die . No ! No ! - Geez . - I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to scare you . - Fox , what are you doing ? - Nothing . Not a damn thing . - I came here looking for evidence . - What are you talking about ? Evidence that you 'd lied to me ; that you had loyalties other than to me or to the X-Files . Nothing could be further from the truth , Fox . Nothing . I didn 't find anything , Diana . - But something found me . - What ? Fate . Destiny . Whatever it 's called when you ... When you realize the choices you thought you had in life were already made . Fox , what happened here ? You were being paid a visit by young Jeffrey Spender 's father . The Cigarette-Smoking Man came looking for his son who has now taken up the futile cause that used to be mine ; against his father . - Why futile ? - Because there 's nothing to be done . And at some point , you just have to accept that the only way those you love are going to survive is if you give up . EL RICO AIR FORCE BASE . That 's where it all begins . That 's where we need to be if we want to survive it . Please help me . They 're going to leave me here . Please stay away from me . I can 't help you . They 're packing everything up . They aren 't coming back here . I know you . - I can help you . - You can 't help me . I know where they 're taking her . I know how they 're taking her . You 've got to trust me , Jeffrey . Shut the door . This is a highly sensitive area . Go back . You 're at a high risk of contamination . Leave the room . Hey , Scully . It 's me . Mulder , I was just dialing you . Where are you ? - I 'm with Diana . - I 'm coming to get you . No . We 're coming to get you . You 're coming with us . No , Mulder , listen to me . I 'm going to take you to Cassandra . - Cassandra 's gone , Scully . - I know , but I know where she 's gone to , Mulder . - Scully , it 's no use . - Mulder , I 'm going there whether you 're coming or not . - Going where ? - To the Potomac yards . - They 're transporting her by train car . - Who gave you this information ? - Agent Spender called me . - All right . - I 'm going to send you on ahead . - What is it ? What did she say ? This may be our last chance to stop them . Turn around . Turn around , Scully . What the hell is that ? This is him . - You gonna tell me what the hell is going on ? - Our lives are in danger . We don 't have much time . - Why couldn 't you tell me that over the phone ? - If somebody overheard us , it might create mass panic . - Mass panic over what ? - El Rico Air Base . - We waited to send our communication . - We were worried something had happened . - Shots were fired at us . - By who ? I don 't know . We have people missing . Where 's Alex Krycek ? Krycek ! - I 'm trying to get out of here . - What are you talking about ? We can 't get past security . They won 't recognize my authority to remove a patient . My father did this to her . She wants to tell her story . You sorry son of a bitch . You don 't get it , do you ? It 's all going to hell . The rebels are going to win . They took it . They took what ? - Who sent the communications ? - No one . This isn 't supposed to be . - What is this ? - Get back . Back ! Back ! Back ! Back ! The way these people died ... The loss of life here . It is beyond words . I can 't imagine how it must be for you ; losing your mother . Yes , sir . But that 's not why I asked for this meeting . Why did you ask for it ? Because I 'm responsible for the deaths of those people at the Air Base hangar in no small way . I certainly didn 't prevent them . I can assume then you can explain how they died ? Because I have yet to hear any explanation . Agent Mulder can explain it . I think Agent Scully , to an extent . They might have even prevented what you see in those photos . Agents Scully and Mulder have been suspended by the FBI . - Also my doing ... and my mistake . - I would ask ... I 'd ask , sir ; before you tell me that it 's not my business ; that you do everything you can to get them back on the X-Files . Far worse can happen ... and it will . - Where are you going ? - To pack up my office . Agent Spender ... You have answers now ? Why didn 't I hear about those answers before ? - I 've had answers for years . - Then why didn 't we hear about them ? - Nobody ever listened . - Who burned those people ? They burned themselves . With a choice made long ago by a conspiracy of men who th thought they could sleep with the enemy . Only to awaken another enemy . - What the hell does that mean ? - It means the future is here , and all bets are off . - Agent Scully , make some sense . - Sir , I wouldn 't bet against him . - Get out of here . - This picture you have ... I haven 't seen it since you were born . You probably don 't even know who the other man is . - I don 't care . Get out . - It 's Bill Mulder , Fox Mulder 's father . Isn 't that something ? He was a good man ... a friend of mine ... Who betrayed me in the end . I know more than enough about your past ... enough to hate you . Your mother was right . I came here hoping otherwise . Hoping that my son might live to honor me like Bill Mulder 's son .
