 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( Mulder ) Before the exploration of space , of the moon and planets , man held that the heavens were the home and province of powerful gods , who controlled not just the vast Hrmament , but the earthly fate of man himself and that the pantheon of powerful warring deities was the cause or reason for the human condition , for the past and the future , and for which great monuments would be created , on earth as in heaven . But in time man replaced these gods with new gods and new religions that provided no more certain answers than those worshipped by his Greek or Roman or Egyptian ancestors . And while we 've chosen now our monolithic and benevolent gods and found our certainties in science , believers all , we wait for a sign , a revelation . Our eyes turn skyward , ready to accept the truly incredible , to End our destiny written in the stars But how do we best look to see ? With new eyes or old ? ( speaking Russian ) ( smashing glass ) Mama ! Papa ! Papa ; ( man yells ) ( man screams in agony ) Da . Too bad for you . It 's like the flesh is cooked ... All the way through . Your authority isn 't recognised here . Only your lies . These are UN peacekeepers . This is a mission of mercy . This is a mission of fear . - Yours and the men you work for . - I don 't know what you mean . You go back and you tell them what you 've seen here , what you 've found . My name is Marita Covarrubias . I am a special representative to the United Nations . I know who you are . I know who you work for . - You go back and tell them ... - Tell them what ? What happened here ? Tell them it 's all going to hell . Uiditye . Does the boy know ? - Did he see ? - You tell them to kiss my American ass . ( woman ) During my last several abductions , I have experienced no fear whatsoever : It was the absence of fear that allowed me to communicate with them , and them with me . They 've told me that I am an apostle , here to spread the word of a dawning of a new age of supernatural enlightenment . ( applause ) Sensibly , it 's not a question of truth versus fiction , but of truths which are incomprehensible , because we have no physics , no real language for explaining Patient X 's story , much less the existence of extraterrestrials Nothing to prepare us for the ontological shook that is bound to follow ... We quibble and we jaw about the need for proof , for evidence , as if it would serve some purpose , as if it would make a difference , when what we should be seeking is exactly what this woman is describing . Not if they are here , but why , and what their business is . In my conversations with her , she believes this business - the abductions and the experiments - are due to their plans for us . We are not simply breeding cows for them , as some have suggested , but subjects , much like we think of our relationship with God . There are sites - what she calls lighthouses - around which will be great activity . All this conjecture , the ontological shock you speak of , for which we 're so ill-equipped , is in my opinion not only false but dangerous . This woman ... This woman presents no good or credible testimony apart from her feel-good message . - You think she 's lying ? - No . I don 't think she 's lying . I think ... That if you prepare people enough to believe a lie , they will believe it as if it were true . If you tell them a really big lie , like " There are aliens from outer space " , they will believe it . And if you suggest that these aliens are doing bad things to them , this suggestion will make certain people believe that certain psychopathologies and neuroses they suffer from can be attributed to that . Mr IVlulder ... Agent IVlulder , she has physical ailments . Are you discounting any belief in the existence of extraterrestrials ? No , I just question mindless belief . But you 've cited evidence , made claims yourself . What I have seen , I 've seen because I wanted to believe . I ... If you look too hard , you can go mad . But if you continue to look , you become liberated and you come awake , as if from a dream , realising that the lies simply protect what they 're advertising : a government which knows that its greatest strength is not in defence , but in attack . ( muttering ) It 's strongly held by believers in UFO phenomena that there is military complicity in abductions . But what if there is no complicity ? What if there is just the military seeking to develop weapons against which there is no defence ? Biological warfare - which justifies , in their eyes , making an ass out of the nation with stories of little green men . A conspiracy , wrapped in a plot , inside a government agenda . Dr Werber ? - It 's been some time . - Almost five years . I came down expecting to hear how your work had progressed . I 'm surprised , to say the least . A lot has changed . You 've abandoned something you believed so completely , in spite of what I know about you from our work , the memories I helped you recover about the experience with your sister . Well , I 've come to distrust a lot of things . I 've come to distrust those memories . - I 'm sorry . - For what ? I 've taken a lot of criticism for my work with alien abductees , and in the field itself . The regression hypnosis ... I 'm not questioning your methods , Dr Werber . I 'm questioning myself , how I was led to believe through elaborate staging that my sister had been abducted . A man with faith can indulge in scepticism ... You don 't understand . There 's just too much evidence that it 's all a lie . The conspiracy is not to hide the existence of extraterrestrials It 's to make people believe in it so completely that they question nothing . So you and I have just been advocates of insanity all along ? Is this the extreme possibility you believe in now ? Is Patient X any more credible ? I hope so . I 'm her doctor . I think you should meet her . I think you might change your mind . Cassandra ? Hi . - Fox Mulder . - Hi . I 'm so glad to finally meet you . You are a hero of mine . I am ? I read about you in the news , about three years ago . How you helped that man who escaped from the hospital ... Duane Barry . How he had held those people hostage at the travel agency because he was being called by aliens . You were the only one who believed him . You may not like me as much as you like that story . Oh ... That story saved my life . How 's that ? I have been a multiple abductee for over 30 years . I had been afraid to seek help . Nobody would ever believe me really ... Until I read about you . - That 's how I met Dr Werber . - Cassandra ... He told me that you had been through hypnotic regression . That 's how you discovered that your sister was abducted . - Cassandra ... - Yes ? Are you here voluntarily ? Um ... Yes , under doctor 's supervision . Whatever it is that you 're afraid of , I suggest that you check yourself out of here as soon as you can and start living your life . Uh ... Now 's not a good time . Cassandra has the sensation that she 's about to be called . Now is a time of war and stress among the alien nations . The different races , they 're in upheaval . I will be summoned to a place , just like Duane Barry . The man you 're talking about died because of what he believed in . He died after I 'd been interrogating him , after a visit from some men from our government . The government 's involved . They don 't want us to know about it . Cassandra ... There was a time when I would have believed what you say , without a doubt . There is no doubt , IVIr Mulder . I know what I 've experienced . I ... I have been through the terror and tests more times than I can count . I have had an unborn foetus taken from me . But they 're not here for the reasons that you might think . They 're here to deliver a message . Except something has gone wrong . There are ... There are other forces at work . They 're going to be calling me . I can feel it . You of all people need to know about this , because you 're the one that can do something . I 'm not . ( muttering in Russian ) ( footsteps ) I 'm gonna take good care of you . Agent Scully , my name 's Jeffrey Spender . Special Agent Spender . Is there something I can help you with ? I feel kinda funny approaching you like this . I just haven 't been able to reach Agent Mulder . - About what ? - About somebody he 's been talking to . Somebody who claims to be an alien abductee , who I 'd prefer he weren 't talking to . You gonna tell me who this is ? This is going to sound weird . Uh ... It 's my mother . - Your mother ? - It 's a very long story . Uh ... She 's an exceptional person , but for kind of obvious reasons I 'd rather this didn 't get out . Appearances being what they are . - Is this part of a case ? - No . - Then why is he talking to her ? - I don 't know . She just called me and she 's ... She 's a very disturbed woman . This is something that caused a lot of pain about 20 years ago . I 'm just trying to save myself any extra humiliation . I 'd like to build a reputation here , not be given one . I think I understand . ( Covarrubias ) What happened in Kazakhstan , there was no one left to give an accurate account . - How many bodies were there ? - 41 . All burned beyond recognition . The result of some kind of intense biochemical reaction none of the UN medics had ever seen . Not in the Gulf , or in any battlefield . The corpses were literally carbonised from the heat . - A new weapon being tested ? - There 's no intelligence on that . There 's no clear data on the victims or their relationship , but I found at least two of these among the dead . I think it 's fairly certain that all the victims had them , that what was taking place was a staging for a group abduction . What the hell is that ? In the final phases before it begins , there will most likely be assemblies . - We 're years away from that . - If we 're to believe their timetable . - Unless it 's already begun . - We 're 15 years away . I don 't think this was planned . I think something or someone set this in motion . An act of war ... against us and our plans . Krycek was at the burn site with a unit of Russian soldiers . - Alex Krycek did this ? - He was there . Probably acting on the same data we got . Whether he had any direct involvement in what happened , he knows what caused it . Knows how ? He captured a boy at the site , a survivor . Someone who saw . What does Krycek want ? - I don 't know . - Well , how do we find out ? ( phone rings ) - Yes ? - Well , look who 's answering the Batphone . Alex Krycek . Are those guys too cheap to offer you a pension plan ? - Where are you ? - I 'm in town actually . New York City . Just tell us what you want . You 've been working on a vaccine against the black oil . Unsuccessfully you know . Yeah , well , I figured you and your buddies must have been busy while I 've been gone . Our research continues . - I 'll take everything you 've got . - In exchange for ... ' ? - The boy . - Why is that in our interest ? Without what he knows , you ain 't gonna need any vaccine . What does he know ? That 's my opening offer . The longer you wait , the skinnier this kid gets . ( Scully ) Shouldn 't that be my picture ? Or is that just you having a little fun ? - Do I look like I 'm having fun , Scully ? - You look constipated , actually . That would make sense . I 've had my head up my rear end for the last five years . Has this anything to do with Cassandra Spender ? Cassandra Spender is living proof that the truth I 've been seeking for the last five years - is the truth of a madman . - How is that ? One more anal-probing , gyro-pyro , levitating-ecoplasm , alien-antimatter story and I 'm gonna shoot somebody . Well , I guess I 'm done here . You seem to have invalidated your own work . Have a nice life . - How do you know about Cassandra ? - Her son accosted me in the hallway . He 's an FBI agent . Great . He 's of the same opinion as you , by the way . That she 's not well . You try to reveal what 's hidden , to incite people with the facts , but tney 'd rather believe some nonsense , refusing to believe what our government is capable of . - You 've come a long way , Mulder . - Yeah , and still nobody believes me . What ? Cassandra Spender was abducted at Skyland Mountain . That 's where I was taken , where Duane Barry took me . The woman is a nut , Scully . It says here that she has an implant , in the base of her neck . Where the government no doubt removed her brain . Isn 't that what her son stopped you to say , Scully ? No . He asked if you would please not talk about this with anyone . Wish granted . Hi . I 'm lookin ' for ... I 'm lookin ' for , uh ... - You 're lookin ' for what ? - A mountain , I think . You and everybody else . - How 's that ? - Well , you 're a little late to the party . Six dollars . I hope you find some parking . ( Scully ) Cassandra ? - Ms Spender ? - Oh . Yes ? Do I know you ? Of course I do . I don 't think so . No . No , I 'm sure of it . Are you a doctor ? Uh , yes . But not a practising one . No ? My name is Dana Scully , and , uh ... I 'd like to ask you some questions . Questions about what ? May I I think you should know that I , uh ... I learned about you from your son . - Jeffrey ? - Yes . I 'm an FBI agent , and he asked that I protect against your story getting out . Oh . I guess I 'm betraying that by coming here . But , um ... I don 't ... I 'm here for more personal reasons actually . I took the liberty of reading your medical file . You 're feeling it too , aren 't you ? HSFS . You wake up at night knowing you need to be somewhere , but you don 't know where it is . Like you forgot an appointment you didn 't know you had . That 's not why I 'm here . Oh . I 'm here because I , uh ... Because I wanted to tell you that you should ... That you should not remove the thing that you have in your neck . Not without possible consequences . Um ... I became very ill . I 'd never dream of removing it . I want to go . Wherever it is . Oh , they have so much to teach us . You , being a doctor , would want to know that they are great healers . Maybe that 's why you were chosen . Oh , my God . Help me ! Help me . Help me , please ! Aghg - Are there any survivors ? - No . Not as of this moment . The Smell . Tney 've all been burned . There are plenty more who are still being bagged . Any preliminary theories ? Well , it appears they all came by car . Most of the dead are congregated in a wooded area a short distance off the road . - Self-immolation ? - There 's no evidence of that right now . There 's no accelerants , no incendiary device . What was their relationship to each other ? There 's no way to ID their bodies right now . It 's going to be a painstaking dental process . Mulder , why are you tiptoeing around the obvious fact here ? This is Skyland Mountain . We 're right back here on Skyland Mountain . And you think it 's related to your abduction from the same place ? - Well , you can 't deny the connection . - This is some kind of abduction scenario ? - I 'm not saying that . - Do you have any evidence of that ? - What do you mean by evidence ? - That 's what I 'm asking you . Well , are you gonna give me your theory , then ? No . I 'm gonna give you an explanation . This is the same scene we saw in Kazakhstan . What is going on ? This is our own back yard . This is no good . I don 't like being kept in the dark . Someone 's going to great lengths to sabotage our work . - Who ? - One way or another , we 'd better find out , before it 's determined we 're unable to handle this ourselves , to put a stop to it , before the colonists intervene . More on our top story this hour ? in the northern part of the state , last night 's mass death in the forest just inside the National Park at Skyland Mountain . Again , authorities have now released a fairly complete list of the dead gathered from vehicle registrations , hoping relatives or friends will come forward and help to explain the cause or reason for this bizarre tragedy here in rural Virginia . At this time , details of the disaster at Skyland Mountain are sketchy . Cassandra ? You called us ? This is not supposed to be happening . I knew these people . - You knew them ? - They were friends of mine . Friends from where ? From a long time ago . It 's not supposed to be happening . Not like this . You have to do something about it . ( Muldeo What would you like me to do ? You have to stop it . Stop who ? I don 't know . - Agent Mulder , my name 's Jeffrey Spender . - Oh , son of ... the prophet . I asked you to leave her alone . Your mother called us about the incident in Virginia . - She said that she knew some of the dead . - Of course she did . They were in the same ridiculous cult that she was . There you have it . - She was in a cult ? - A UFO cult who believed they would be carried to immortality in some flying " mother wheel " . ( Mulder ) I 'm sorry . We won 't be bothering you or your mother any more . ( water dripping ) You think you can pull this off , don 't you ? If they give me what I want , I 'm gonna rule the world . We 've got them on their knees , Alex . Yeah . Let 's get out of this hole . ( man ) Well ... Where 's the boy ? Are you ready for this ? I 've gone over the initial forensics and pathology reports from Skyland Mountain . While the event itself remains unexplained , it 's less than a mystery who 's involved . At least for me . Certainly for you . Our pathologists here haven 't finalised their reports , but I was able to have three victims selected at random for x-rays . That 's how I found these . Small pieces of what looks like metal in the cervical tissue here , here , and here . Implants . I followed up with the families of the three victims . None had any cult associations , but two out of the three belonged to the local Mutual UFO Networks . Both claimed abduction experiences . Both were being treated by a medical practitioner over recent months . - For what ? - Take a look . " Major depressive disorder characterised by periods of sustained anxiety and paranoia . " " Patient believes he will be called to a place where he will be abducted by aliens . " The implants triggered those responses . Those people were led to Skyland Mountain . By whom ? By the same government that put the implant in you , to function as a homing mechanism . - Mulder , that doesn 't make sense . - Why not ? A tracking system using military app satellite technology to monitor test subjects , or to stage what people might believe are alien abductions . But they weren 't abducted . They were led to their deaths . And for what purpose ? I don 't know that yet . - You know , IVlulder ... - ( phone rings ) maybe you shouldn 't be so quick ... To rule out what Cassandra Spender has to say . Mulder . - Agent Mulder ? - Yes . This is Marita Covarrubias . Is this a secure line we 're on ? - Yes . - You were at Skyland Mountain . Are you aware of a UN report on a similar incident in the former Soviet Union ? No . I was in Kazakhstan , Agent Mulder . There is a connection . I have someone who knows it . I have him with me now . - Where are you ? - At a payphone on Skoda / Road , off the I-90 . Come here . Wait for my call , for directions . - Marita ? - ( footsteps ) ( rings ) - Hello ? - ( Muldeo Who 's this ? - This is Special Agent Spender . Who 's this ? - This is Fox Mulder . - Why are you calling here ? - I 'm looking for Agent Scully . - I haven ' t been able to reach her and ... - She 's not here . Nor is my mother . - What are you talking about ? - She 's gone from her room . - Gone where ? - Look , she 's just gone . Don 't you get it ? She 's got nowhere to go . Look ! There ! There it is ! ( man screaming ) Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
