 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( TV ) Now this , this here 's a special gumbo . This gumbo gonna make your tongue roll outta your head and dial 911 . ( laughter ) Now , black pepper : A big old teaspoon of this cayenne . ( distorted voice ) ( distorted voice ) Now you add in all that nice shrimp ... ( distorted voices ) ( ofHceU Dispatch , this is unit 7 . In vestigating disturbance at 214 Prospect Avenue . Oven Jeez ! Police ! Don 't move . Keep ' em in the air . Cuff her , Jimmy . Damn ! She 's got blood all over her . Hey , Keith . Think you might wanna check this out . I think She 'S blind . The deceased is Paco Ordoiez , aka Little Monster . Street dealer , liked to use grade-school kids as couriers . Out on bail for possession with intent . Two-time loser looking at life . I have the same pair of pants . Who exterminated him ? That 's a subject of some debate . The killer carved a C-shaped cut up through the right kidney . Fatal blood loss came in under 30 seconds . I 'll assume the killer knew what he was doing and that C wasn 't one of his initials . Your assumptions are correct . Only the killer isn 't a he . Marty Glenn . 28 . We found her at the scene doin ' a Formula 409 . Under normal circumstances , my department would have her dead to rights . - There 's just one little snag . - She 's been blind since birth . Before your heart goes out to her , check out her rap sheet . Fraud , petty theft , aggravated assault . Believe me , she 's a real piece of work . Herjuvenile records are sealed , but Detective Pennock is sure that two were drug busts . Possession , and possession with intent . So you think that she caught Little Monster trying to snatch the pebble from her hand ? - Nothing else makes sense . - Including how a blind girl could get the drop on an ex-con and bleed him out with surgical precision . Ms Glenn took a $ 60 cab ride alone , straight to the motel . The cabbie instructed her to room ten , which she specified and then told him to get lost . 30 minutes later , dead heroin dealer . All right . So you really believe that she did this . You just don 't know how . Well , I got a theory , if you wanna hear it . I think she 's got some kinda ... sixth sense , lets her see in the dark . Like a bat or something . I got 48 hours to convince the DA , or wait till she kills somebody else . How soon can I meet her ? ( cell door opens ) Oh ... It 's you . - See what I mean ? - It 's not magic , it 's your crappy cologne . Who 's that with you ? - Special Agent Mulder . - And the lady ? Special Agent Scully . We 'd like to ask you some questions , Marty . You must be having trouble with your case , Detective . Fine . Suit yourself . - What are you staring at ? - An innocent woman . I hope . So , I 'm all ears . I 'm curious why you 've refused your right to an attorney . Unless you 're gonna charge me , I don 't plan on needing one . You could be charged right now , for the fact that you 've given no compelling reason why you were in that motel room . What were you doing there , Marty ? Putting mints on the pillows . The cabbie has given a statement that you asked specifically for room ten , which puts you at the murder scene at the time of death . - Is that a crime ? - If you were involved in any way . You mean like an eyewitness ? Did you intend to buy drugs from Paco Ordohez ? - Did you kill him ? - Hey , maybe it was just his time to go . Other than the stab wound , did you check his cholesterol level ? How did you know there was just one stab wound ? - Did I say that ? - IVlm-hm . I guessed . You know what the problem is ? You 've got no murder weapon . And I bet that 's driving Stinky back there crazy . Isn 't it , Stinky ? Why is he hiding ? it 's not like I can see him . You know what I did with it , Detective ? I fed it to my Seeing Eye dog . - I 'm curious , Marty . - Yeah ? About what ? Why you were at the crime scene cleaning up , and doing such a piss-poor job of it . Why don 't we just stop playing games here ? You don 't know a feather duster from a duck 's ass . It 's ridiculous . You 're a blind woman , for God 's sake . So just tell us who did kill Paco Ordoiez and Agent Scully and I can go arrest him , and you can go home and work on your " angry young blind girl " comedy routine . Or we can just stay here and entertain each other for the next 48 hours . Go to hell . ( Pennock ) See what I mean ? - Put a knife in that hand ... - No . All I see is a woman who 's adapted to her impairment , admirably . Sne 's honed her senses around her blindness . - She 's taunting you . - No . I think she wants us to think she 's strong , independent . It 's important to her . ( Pennock ) She wants us to know she did it . - I don 't think she did do it . - Then why won 't she help us ? It 's been my experience that innocent people don 't act like that , Agent Mulder . She wouldn 't explain being at the crime scene , and she avoided all discussion about the murder weapon . She knew there was only one stab wound . You caught that yourself . Did you snake all the bathroom plumbing ? I turned that place upside down and inside out . If we find the weapon with her fingerprints on it , she 's convicted . Short of that , she 's gonna walk . Maybe I can get you to come out to the crime scene one last time . - OK . - You go ahead . I wanna ... I wanna investigate something . ( technician ) I 'm going to ask you a series of questions . Respond only with a yes or no . Do not judge the content of the questions . Simply answer truthfully . - Is your full name IVIartelle Frances Glenn ? - Yeah . Are you a resident of the State of Delaware ? Let 's cut the bull or I won 't cooperate at all . All right . Let 's get to it . - I need to establish a baseline . - I 'm a resident of the State of Delaware . Let 's move on . Is it your intent to lie during this examination ? I 'm sure you 'll tell me if it is . Did you stab Paco Ordonez , also known as Little Monster ? Nope . Did you plan or arrange his murder ? No . - Have you ever met Paco Ordohez ? - No . Did you ever have occasion to see Paco Ordohez , or know him in any other way ? Strike that . Have you ever had occasion to interact with Paco Ordohez , - or know him in any other way ? - No . - Were you present during his murder ? - No . Why don 't you just ask me yourself ? Did you see the murder ? Did you see the murder ? - I don 't see anything . - Yes or no only , please . Then the answer 's no . ( Pennock ) No blood trails leading out of the bathroom . Windows are painted shut . As you can see , not a lot of places she could have stashed it . ( mobile phone ) - Scully . - She 's lying . - About what ? - She knew Paco Ordoiez _ - But I don 't think she murdered him . - How do you know that she knew him ? I made her take a polygraph test . She passed on every question except one : did she see the murder ? Shall I remind you why polygraphs are inadmissible in court ? No , she cracked , Scully . She was lying , I 'm sure of it . Maybe she was , Mulder , but don 't make me state the obvious . She didn 't see anything . - Not with her eyes . - Well , how else did she see ? - Bat vision ? - I don 't know . Well , Mulder , when you figure it out , give me a call . Detective Pennock ? ( distorted voices ) ( distorted voices ) Somebody , I need a phone . I get to call a lawyer or somebody ! I need a phone ! I got it ! You know , I 'm sure the ACLU is going to be very interested in now you violated a blind woman 's rights by eavesdropping on her private phone call . Same to you . ( rings ) Blarney Stone . Um , let me see . A guy hitting on a redhead at the end of the bar ? I told you , stop it ! Yeah , we got somebody matching that description . It 's for you . - Yeah ? - Leave her alone . - Who is this ? - You just leave her alone . I 'm watching you . ( hangs up ) Let me guess . Your killer is OJ Simpson . They were found at the crime scene with blood on them . We believe they were worn by Paco Ordoiez 's killer . - You 're good . - We think they belong to you . - Well , they don 't _ - How about you try one on for us ? - And put my prints all over them ? - Your prints are already all over them . ( Pennock ) Hold still . Are you happy , Detective ? Looks to me like it fits . Somewhere Marcia Clark weeps _ - But you still haven 't got a weapon . - ( Pennock ) Oh , it 's just a matter of time . But you haven 't got time . Hope you saw what just happened . Even if the gloves do fit , you can still acquit . I think it 's arrogance . I think it 's the same reason she took the polygraph test . She knows that the prejudices are all in her favour . I don 't think it 's that simple . Look at this . She lives in poverty but she 's never taken advantage of the disability benefits available . It 's poison to her . The mere suggestion that she 's anything other than a whole or complete person is offensive to her . It 's not arrogance , it 's pride . So you think it was pride that made her ditch the bloody gloves ? Her prints were all over them . Why would she do that ? - I have no idea . - OK . So by your reasoning , the killer took off with the murder weapon but not the gloves . Leaving Marty to come in , go straight to the gloves and hide them in the one place nobody would think to find them . I think that 's the most accurate scenario available to us right now . Wait a minute . Maybe it 's much simpler than that . What ? What if she 's not really blind ? She hasn 't applied for any disability benefits . Maybe she knows she couldn 't pass the medical screening . You think she 's faking it ? No . No , but possibly it 's a conversion disorder or a form of blindsight A split consciousness whereby a person has some level of visual ability but they 're not aware that they 're actually seeing . I mean , it 's worth checking out . ( man ) Moving Little Monster 's H ain 't gonna be easy . See , a lot of people respected him , you know ? You buying or not ? If not , I can go to somebody else . ( laughs ) No , you can 't . But I 'm feeling magnanimous . Swing by and maybe we can do some business . Good . Yeah , there 's something I gotta look into first . When I 'm done , I 'll be in touch . ( examiner ) Eyes wide , please , Marty . Good . Try not to move around too much . - Are you aware of any sensation at all ? - ( gasps ) it 's a miracle ! All right . Now we 're going to introduce some optical stimuli . Try not to blink . Just relax for a moment . I 'm not getting anything . There isn 't any activity in either the visual cortex or the superior colliculus . There 's no way she could fool the machine ? We 're talking about involuntary responses . I wasn 't getting any reading . Then what is that ? ( siren ) ( man , distorted ) Where is she ? What is it , Marty ? What do you see ? Agents ? This is Daniel Costa , from the DA 's office . So , what did we find ? I hear the girl can see with some limited ability . No . According to her examiner , she 's without sight or any Kind of light sensitivity . - But she is our best and only suspect . - You said we were making progress . - We are . - I won 't indict a blind girl on some prints . She doesn 't exactly fit the definition " blind girl " . - Come on , either she is or she isn 't . - What are you talking about ? There is evidence of some neurological activity which caused her pupils to dilate . - From what ? - It indicates some reaction to stimuli , some kind of physical response to images in her mind 's eye . - How does that make her the killer ? - I didn 't say it did . - Kick her loose . - Danny ! - I got no case , Pennock _ - I don 't believe this ! I 'm not trying her , not without a murder weapon . Kick her loose . Wonderful . Thanks . - These better still be 20s . - No . I replaced them with 50s , since you 're so damn sweet . - Wanna hear the latest ? - Yes . Detective Pennock ran the gloves for blood typing and found two samples . - One type matching Marty Glenn 's _ - There were no cuts or wounds on her . I 'm gonna hand-deliver them to the lab in Washington for a PCR to see if she 's a match . Look at her . Do you really think she 's capable ? I 'll let you know as soon as I get the test back . ( distorted cry ) Let me go . Who called me last night ? - Who 's watchin ' me ? - What ? - I don 't know what you 're talking about . - You a cop ? You wearing a wire ? No , I 'm not a cop ! I need to get to Spring Street ! Which way is Spring Street , somebody ? Answer me ! Four blocks to the left . ( horns ) ( distorted ) No , no ! Argh ! - ( Marty ) Where ? - ( man ) Here . There 's an alley here . OK . I 'm fine . Thanks . Leave me alone . ( Marty ) Excuse me . Excuse me , somebody . Yeah ? I killed ' em _ I killed them both . ( door opens ) I read your confession . Detective Pennock is typing it up as we speak for you to sign . - I 'll sign it . - You 'll make him a very happy man . - Can 't have everything . - I 'm puzzled by this sudden change of heart . Please . Too much charity of heart and I wanna puke . I just ... Why kin them ? Paco Ordoiez , Susan Forester ? Did you even know that was her name ? Susan Forester . She was 30 years old , native of Wilmington . She waitressed part time . She lived with her two cats ... Shut up . Why are you doing this ? I 've given you people everything you want . I like you , Marty . I admire you . And I don 't wanna see you confess to crimes you didn 't commit . - You just feel sorry for me . - No , I don 't _ Not the way you think I do . Read the confession . I got it all perfect , every detail . How could I do that if I 'm innocent ? I believe you witnessed both murders . You saw them somehow , but you were way across town . You were a $ 60 cab ride away . - You 're crazy . - I think you tried to stop them . You tried to but you didn 't get there in time . I don 't have to talk to you any more . Marty , whoever did this , they 're gonna kill again . And you can help stop that . I can 't stop anything . I don 't have to talk to you any more , period . Officer , we 're done ! - Who 's worth pleading guilty for , Marty ? - Officer , we 're done ! You didn 't do it . And I 'm not gonna let this happen . Do you hear me ? Marty ? Sony man . Deal 's off What do you mean , " Deal 's off " ? You can 't back out . I do what I got to do to stay on the down lovm and you shining too much light on me . What are you talkin ' about ? Somebody 's gunnin ' for you , man , and I ain 't gettin ' in the middle of it . Who ? Who 's gunnin ' for me ? Some old girlfriend of yours called last night and told me I should steer clear - She called you ? - Yeah . Said she was passin ' the word . Listen to me . Listen , man , sne 's nobody . She knows nothin ' _ - Yeah , right . - You and me , man , we 're still cool . Trust me . Well , if she don 't know anything , how 'd she get this number ? Listen to me . I got nowhere else to take this stuff . That 's not my problem . Just don 't you call here again . ( hangs up ) ( door opens ) Well , I appreciate your help here , such as it was , but I 'd say we 're doing all right . She just signed her confession . - Congratulations . - I don 't feel as good as you might think . All you got is a signature . No lawyer will let her go down based on that . I 'm aware of that . Doesn 't it bother you that you still have no clear motive ? Well , she just now gave us that . Drugs . Just like I thought . She even told us where to find them . I 'd say this is gonna make it a pretty short trial . If you think about it , it proves nothing . - There it is , like she said . - Like she described . You know , the thing I find most surprising about this case is you . - You are one sceptical guy . - Sceptical ? Oh , yeah . I 've been called a lot of things . " Sceptical " is not one . Oh , whatever . ( mobile phone ) Sceptical ( ! ) Mulder , I 've got the PCR results on the two blood types from the gloves . Neither was Marty 's . You were right . She didn 't do it . You and I know that , and so does whoever Marty 's protecting , but Pennock is salivating . What we have to do is convince Marty . I got an idea . I 'll get back to you . ( door opens ) ( footsteps ) What do you want now ? I know who you 're protecting , Marty . And I think I know why . You 're protecting the man who murdered your mother . I don 't know what you 're talking about . I read the original police report from 1970 . Your mother died from a single stab wound to the right kidney . As did Paco Ordohez and Susan Forester . Dead at the hands of an unknown assailant . - I never knew my mother . - No . I know . But for once , you were there when it happened . She was pregnant with you at the time . She died on the operating table as doctors were trying to save her . You were born ... just barely . But the interruption in blood flow you suffered most likely caused your blindness . What does that have to do with anything ? I think that during that time ... As you lost one sense , you gained another . That somehow ... A connection was formed between you and your mother 's killer . - What connection ? - You see through his eyes . You always have . You don 't want to , you just do . And because of that , you feel responsible for his actions , but you 're not . And you sitting here in prison for crimes you didn 't commit , it isn 't going to accomplish anything , Marty . ( Pennock ) Excuse me , Agent Mulder . She 's being transferred now . There 's no point to you doing this . We 're gonna find him with or without your help . I 'm sorry . ( 93595 ) ( buzzer ) Hi , Marty . What 's going on ? Detective Pennock is with the warden , arranging for your release . What ? Charges against you are being dropped . You 're no longer a suspect in this case . - How can they do that ? I confessed . - Confession is worthless if it 's a lie . And yours was a lie . - What have you been telling them ? - Just that you 're innocent . Which they would have found out on their own . The locker you sent us to ? It had prints on it , but they weren 't yours . - I was careful . - Well , somebody else wasn 't so careful . Charles Wesley Gotts , ex-con . Convicted in 1970 of aggravated assault . Paroled three weeks ago . He 's been missing ever since . Never heard of him . I happen to believe that , Marty . A PCR test confirmed that it was his blood on the glove . The test confirmed something else , Marty . He 's your father . That was the connection . ( door opens ) ( Pennock ) OK . We 're all set . That is , if everything 's taken care of on this end . What 's he talkin ' about ? Detective Pennock has agreed to not pursue aiding and abetting charges if you agree to help us . If you agree to help us find him . We need your help , Marty . You can end it now . I can end this . I 'm sure that 's what you 've always wanted . I never wanted to spend my life in a place like this . I had no choice . If I help you , will you protect me until he 's caught ? I will personally guarantee your safety . ( Marty sighs ) Take me home . ( ofHceo Moving into position at the back exit . - All right . Stand by . - Copy that . - Just in time for the surprise party . - She said he 'd be in there ? Yes , she described this place down to the matchbooks . - What made her decide to cooperate ? - She wants to stop him . All of a sudden ? If she 's anxious to stop him , why didn 't she tell us his name ? She didn 't know his name . He 's been in prison her entire life . Yet according to you , she 's been seeing through his eyes . She wasn 't sure what she was seeing . It was more like a constant image in her mind that she learned to live with over time . Up until three weeks ago . - When the murders started . - He was paroled and everything changed . Well , if all this is true , let 's go get him . Mulder ? Everything 's changed for her , Scully . I don 't think we 're gonna find him in there . - Need some help ? - No . Shoulda known . Now , you don 't have to pack everything you own . I promise you , you 're not gonna be in protective custody that long . - It 's too late for that anyvvay _ - Why is that ? Gotts is already here . What are you talkin ' about ? He 's been keeping tabs on you for about a day . Now he knows where I live . - He 's reading the mailboxes right now . - What ? How could you ... - How did you know he wouldn 't be in there ? - She misdirected us on purpose . - She 's still protecting him ? - No . She never was . - Pennock 's not picking up . - What do you mean ? It 's not him she 's protecting . If he goes back to prison , so does she . Until now , she 's never had a choice . ( click ) I hate the way you see me . Mulder . She did this one . Trust me . Not much to look at , is it ? At least , that 's what they tell me . You were at the sentencing , Agent Mulder . - Is it my cologne ? - No . I just knew you 'd be there . - Let me speak to the judge on your behalf . - No . We found where he 'd been staying . A motel near where Paco Ordofiez was murdered . And before that , Atlantic City . I 'd never seen the ocean before . And now when I close my eyes , or even when I open them , that 's all I see . Well , you 're lucky he wasn 't a fan of the Ice Capades . ( PA ) Lights our . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
