 Somebody in here ? Holy Moses . What a way to go . Have you seen this M.O. before , Detective- - men cremated alive ? Yeah . Third time this year . 11th time , actually . There were three in Seattle , three in Los Angeles and two in Boston- - all Chinese men , between the ages of 20 and 40 . All recent immigrants . We weren 't able to determine any of that until just recently . The other two bodies were much more badly burned . We got lucky with this one . Lucky ? That 's an interesting word for it . You have any leads on this case , Detective ? Any thoughts or ideas ? We 've had a big influx of immigrants from Hong Kong trying to get out before 1997 . And we 've seen stepped-up gang activity in the Chinese community , but so far we can 't tie these deaths to anyone or anything . You got anybody that can read or speak Chinese ? Yeah , Glen Chao . He 's right over there . Why ? Will you get him for me ? I want to see if he can read this for me . Sure . Glen . One second . Detective Chao . Glen Chao , Agent Mulder . - Hi . What do you got ? - Hi . There 's something written up here on the ceiling . I was wondering if you could read it . Yeah . It says gui . It means " ghost . " Ghost ? Does that mean anything to you ? I don 't know , but it 's something strange for a man being burned alive to write , don 't you think ? Hmm . What 's this ? Does anybody recognize this ? Looks like some kind of foreign currency . It 's called hell money . It 's to use as an offering during the Chinese Festival of the Hungry Ghosts . Is it worth anything ? It 's not money per se . It 's a symbolic offering to the evil spirits and the ghosts for good luck . Where would I get this " hell money " ? Well , there aren 't a whole lot of places in Chinatown that sell it . That 's good . Maybe we just found a way to identify the body . His name is Johnny Lo . He moved here about six months ago from Canton . Still in the INS application process . He was a dishwasher in Chinatown . How many dishes do you have to break before your boss tosses you in an oven ? I think it 's pretty clear this is some kind of a horrific cult or gang retribution killing . Why would he write the character for " ghost " on the inside of the crematory oven ? I don 't know . What about the guard seeing three figures that seemed to vanish without a trace ? So now we 're chasing ghosts ? Who you gonna call ? Ghosts or ancestral spirits have been central to Chinese spiritual life for centuries . So you 're saying that the ancestral spirits pushed Johnny Lo into the oven and turned on the gas ? That would sure teach him to respect his elders , wouldn 't it ? I checked all the neighboring buildings . Nobody saw or heard a thing- - not surprisingly . What does it say ? I don 't recognize that . It could be idiomatic- - some kind of code . It 's still tacky . Can you copy it down for me ? Yeah . Sure . Thanks . Talk about tacky . Someone 's been here . This place has been cleaned up . Look at this . What 's that smell ? Maybe it 's this new carpet . Yeah . That 's what it looks like . What slumlord would spring for a new carpet in a dump like this ? Looks like they saved some money on carpet tacks and didn 't even bother replacing the old padding . What 's this ? Chinese herbal medicine . And what about this ? That 's a dried frog . I think they 're sometimes used as charms- - good health and prosperity , protection . Looks like Mr. Lo could 've used a little of both . Let 's get this blood tested . Li Oi-huan ! Xin ! I couldn 't tell you what any one of these things are . Well , they 're roots mostly , like ginseng , turmeric . Then you got your more exotic stuff- - bear gall bladder , snake , shark fin- - usually prepared in a soup or a tea . What had the victim been using ? She says that it 's skullcap root and Chinese angelica . They 're used for painkillers . Does she remember Johnny Lo or remember selling it to him ? Ask her if she knows he 's dead . Ask her if she recognizes those characters that were painted on his door . What was that about ? She says that the house was branded the Tsang Fang . A haunted house . Haunted ? You mean by ghosts ? Yeah . It 's hard to give an exact translation , but it 's what I was telling you about before . The Chinese Yu Lan Hui- - the Festival of the Hungry Ghosts . You see , on the ... 15th day of the seventh moon in the Chinese calendar , it 's believed the gates of hell are opened and the ghosts of unwanted souls roam the earth . Now , believers protect themselves by leaving gifts of food and hell money outside their homes to appease the ghosts . To keep them from coming inside and causing trouble . But for some spirits- - the ghosts most feared by the Chinese- - there 's no buying them off . The Preta- - the ancient ghost of a murdered man who wanders the earth exacting its revenge on the living . Or the Wu Chang Kuei , who collects the souls of doomed men and drags them down to Tai Yu ... to the Chinese hell . You think these murders could be related ? It makes sense . This year 's festival is just about over . What about you , Detective ? Do you believe in Yu Lan Hui ? I find it hard to argue with 2,000 years of Chinese belief- - the stuff my parents and grandparents believe in . But the truth is , I 'm more haunted by the size of my mortgage payments . Hey ! What are you doing ? The night patrolman described three men wearing the same masks as the ones I.D. ' d at the crematory . What were they doing here ? We don 't know exactly . They were spotted around this grave over here , but we can 't figure out exactly what they were up to . Is this a newly dug plot ? Yeah . There 's a burial here at noon tomorrow . Chinese ? I don 't know . We can check . Chao , see if you can get the name of the future occupant here . I still don 't understand what anybody would want with an empty grave . What the hell 's he doing ? Something just occurred to me . Looks like somebody was trying to get two burials for the price of one . What 'd you find ? A lot . And I haven 't even finished my preliminary visual exam . Look at this . This guy 's like a jigsaw puzzle . These are all surgical incisions , and judging by the color of the scars , I 'd say they were all made within the last year . What was wrong with him ? If you ask me , nothing . Nothing ? What do you mean ? Do you know how much the human body is worth , Mulder ? Depends on the body . I don 't know . A few bucks . How much ? It 's worth a fortune . You 're saying that this guy was selling his body parts for money ? A kidney , a portion of the liver , a cornea , bone marrow- - a person can lose these things and live to cash his Social Security checks . He won 't be cashing any Social Security checks any time soon . No . But if I 'm right , this is one man who left his heart in San Francisco . Scully , even if you 're right , it doesn 't figure . There 's no long-term business sense to dying . What connection does this have to the crematory deaths ? I only saw one body , but the only thing that wasn 't burned to a delicate crisp on Johnny Lo was his glass eye . Oh , God . Hsin Shuyang ! Hsin Shuyang ! What 's this ? Maybe you can tell us . It was found in the body cavity of the man who was dumped in the grave . This ? You said the frog was a symbol of luck and prosperity . Unless this is somebody 's sick joke , I 'd say it must have another meaning . Well , if it does , I don 't know what it is . I mean , it could be some kind of ... triad symbol , something from organized crime . Well , maybe you can tell me this : have you heard any word on the street about the black market selling of body parts ? What ? Here in Chinatown ? This man with the frog in his chest was missing a cornea and a kidney . They were taken prior to the time of death , before the final removal of his heart . And I found what is known as " sterile ice " on the skin in and around the incision on his chest . It is a substance that is used to preserve human organs for transplant . I don 't even know where to start . Well , we 're going to need more help from you than that , Detective . The implication being that I 'm not trying to help ? No . Either you resent us being here , or you feel some kind of protectiveness towards the Chinese community . Look , you don 't even know what the hell you 're dealing with here . This isn 't some pretty little lacquer box you can just take the lid off and find out what 's inside . You might see the face of a Chinese man here , but let me tell you something- - they don 't see the same face . They see the face of a cop . American-born Chinese- - ABC . To them , I 'm just as white as you are . You know , you think because I speak the language , I can get all your answers for you , but what good is an interpreter when everyone speaks the language of silence ? What 's this ? It 's the name of the company that installed the carpet in Johnny Lo 's apartment . I just happened to run across it while I was sitting there twiddling my thumbs . You coming or not ? I 'm Detective Chao with the San Francisco Police . Could we have a word with you ? I 'm late for work . It 'll only take a minute . Could we come in , please ? Mr. Hsin , can I ask what happened to your eye ? Accident at work . Carpet tack . How long have you lived in this country , Mr. Hsin ? Three years . You live here alone ? My daughter . Mr. Hsin , you laid a carpet in an apartment that was occupied by a man named Johnny Lo . I ... don 't know the name . The-the man I work for tells me address only . Well , we contacted the man that you work for . He said that it must have been a job you took on the side . He has no record of a work order . What was the name of the man who lived in this apartment ? His name was Johnny Lo . He 's dead now- - murdered- - and we think that the carpet was laid in an attempt to cover up evidence . Do you remember who called you about the job ? I don 't know any of this . Thank you , Mr. Hsin . If we need you , we 'll get back to you , okay ? Thank you . What 's up ? I 'll tell you in a second . What was that about ? He has the back window blocked up . Told him it was a firetrap . Do you know what this is ? No . Do you know what it says ? It 's the character for " wood . " Wood ? Yeah . Why ? What are you thinking ? That this guy didn 't have an accident at work . He 's missing his eye , and I 'd like to know how he lost it . I say we monitor Hsin 's every movement . I doubt they 're to the ophthalmologist though . Look like you just saw a ghost . No , I 'm just a little tired , jumpy . One more string of firecrackers goes off , I 'm going to get out of the car and shoot somebody . He hasn 't left his apartment , has he ? No , but I 'm glad you 're here , because I was just about to go up and ask Mr. Hsin if I could use his bathroom . Well , you can use the one down at St. Francis Hospital . What do you mean ? Detective Chao was attacked in his town house tonight . I just talked to Lieutenant Neary . He says he 's cut up pretty bad . Well , who cut him ? I don 't know , but I think we should go check it out . How is he ? He 's gone . I got down to see him ; he 's not in his bed . Did anybody see him get up ? The nurse said they just finished sewing him up , that he got up to go to the bathroom . That 's the last anybody saw of him . Why would he just take off ? Can I see his chart ? - His chart ? - Yeah . Sure . I guess . You want to see what his injuries were ? I want to see what his blood type was . His blood type ? Why would he run ? You think Chao 's involved ? Maybe all this heel dragging is a diversion . That ghost story 's a ruse . What was the hemotype of the blood we found on the carpet padding ? Thank you . Uh , O-negative . Glen Chao , O-negative . Well , that 's a coincidence . Wait a minute . What are you saying ? That the blood that we found on the carpet padding in the victim 's apartment was Detective Chao 's . And I 'd be willing to bet that he 's the one that asked for it to be installed . Mr. Hsin . Yeah , that conversation they had wasn 't about any firetrap . We 're looking for Mr. Hsin . Is he home ? No . I 'm sorry . Are you his daughter ? Yes . May we talk to you ? What 's your father involved in , Kim ? I don 't know . He goes out . I know he does it for me . Because of me . You 're sick , aren 't you ? Um , I was diagnosed with acute lymphocytic leukemia six months ago . But that 's a treatable form of cancer . We have no money or insurance . And now , I fear that my father has done something illegal , that he made mistake and something bad is coming . Who are these men that come to visit your father ? Oh , I don 't know them . I just know my father say he want out . He want out , but of what , I don 't know . Do you know what this is ? No . Do you know what it says ? I found it over there by the TV before . It is , uh , the symbol for wood , but in Chinese , it also correspond to the eye , like fire to the heart , and earth to the flesh . This is a human leukocyte workup . Was your father rejected as a bone marrow donor ? Yes . Several months ago . This is from the Organ Procurement Organization . It 's dated only a month ago . Your father had an HLA , but he also had his kidneys measured , his liver . They 're playing some kind of game . Agents Mulder and Scully . Thanks . We need some information , and we need it as soon as possible . What kind of information ? You had a man come in here named Shuyang Hsin . He had an HLA workup and ... I think I may know what this is about . What ? Well , we 've seen a number of Asian men come in for typing and antigen workups , but when we find a compatible recipient for them , their doctor says that they 've left the area or disappeared . Do you have a name or a phone number for this doctor ? Hsin Shuyang ! Hsin Shuyang ! 311 Porter , right ? Yeah . That 's where the doctor 's phone is registered . Hey , Scully , look who 's here . This must be the place after all . It 's definitely not Chinese food I 'm smelling . Smells like rubbing alcohol . Or sterile ice . What 's this ? What is that ? Sounds like it 's coming from upstairs . Chao ? Hands in the air . Hands in the air ! He 's still alive . Chao . What did he say ? He said ... the game 's not over . My people live with ghosts . The ghosts of our fathers and our fathers ' fathers . They call to us from distant memory , showing us the path . No ghosts called to those men . You did , by preying on their hopelessness and their desperation . Yes , they were desperate . Just as I was desperate when I first came to this country , but I committed no crime . You cheated them out of life by promising them prosperity when the only possible reward was death . In my belief , death is nothing to be feared . It 's merely a stage of transition . But life without hope- - now , that 's living hell . So , hope was my gift to these men . I don 't expect you to understand . I understand this . You are going to prison for a very long time . Can I talk to you for a minute ? I just got back from St. Francis Hospital . Hsin 's still in intensive care . What about his daughter ? I checked with the donor procurement organization . She 's been put on the recipient list . That 's great . Yeah . What 's wrong ? It 's our case against this guy . We 've had our task force interviewing everybody we busted at the gaming parlor that night . And ? They put up a wall of silence . They all claim to be members of some social club , that they saw nothing . What about Chao ? His testimony would be enough to lock this guy up . We can 't find him . He was supposed to testify before a grand jury this morning . When he didn 't show , they went to his home . He 's vanished . Like a ghost . I made this !
