 This is it ? I just ... sign this and it 's done ? As soon as I file it with the city clerk . This pen ... she gave it to me . It was an anniversary present . I don 't remember which one . Walter ... they are expecting the signed documents by the end of business today , which was ten minutes ago . I know what time it is . Then you should sign . What are you doing , Walter ? After 17 years , they can wait another day . Listen , no one knows better than I what an emotional experience this is ... Don 't lawyer me , Jane . I 'll do it tomorrow . Why put yourself through another day of this ? I said tomorrow . Excuse me . Are you holding this for someone ? It 's the only open seat . Go ahead . Good evening . What can I get you ? Tonic water with lime , please . Sir , would you like another one ? Sure . Thanks . For what ? Ordering another drink ? There 's a man behind me wearing a red tie . For some reason , he felt compelled to tell me half his life story . I was afraid if you got up , he might try to get in the other half . I guess some people think that you owe them something just ' cause you 're out alone . Does it ever bother you ? What ? Being alone . Hey . Okay . Excuse me , sir . Excuse me . Thank you . I 'm looking for Detective Waltos . Who 's asking ? My name is Mulder . I work with Assistant Director Skinner . I 'd like to speak with him . You can see him after he gives his statement . We 're going to finish up at the station house . Why don 't you just get a statement here ? It seems the assistant director is suffering from an minor memory lapse . Yeah ? Mulder , it 's me . I just got your message . You said Skinner called in a homicide ? Yeah , it appears to be a little more complicated than that . It seems like he had a front row seat . I don 't understand . I don 't understand it either . They 're not letting me talk to him . Hold on a second . Excuse me , sir . I appreciate your concern , Agent Mulder , but there 's no need for you to get involved in this . Detective . Detective . Detective . Can you at least tell me what happened ? What does he say happened ? Well , he claims he met the victim in the bar downstairs . After a couple of drinks , they decide to get a room together , which is all fine , except when he wakes up , he finds her lying next to him with a broken neck . That 's all he says he remembers . You don 't believe him ? He refused to take a polygraph test . It 's not helping his credibility . What about the victim ? Has she been identified ? Not yet . She had no purse , nothing with her name on it . Well , there must be evidence of an intruder of some kind . Uh , Agent Mulder , I 've been on the job for 18 years . - I know the drill . - Well , then if you know the drill , then you should be canvassing hotel employees , housekeeping ... I appreciate that he 's a colleague of yours , but I want you to understand something- - he 's also a suspect . Detective ... when you 're done questioning him , I 'd appreciate a call . All right . Did you get any of that ? Most of it . Mulder , I 'm on my way . No , no . I want you to take a look at that body . Get down to the coroner 's . I 'll meet you there . The conspicuous absence of any contusions or lacerations would strongly suggest that the victim 's injuries were sustained without a struggle . From my observations , I would have to concur with the county coroner 's report that her murder was most probably a sudden and violent act in a vulnerable moment . Beyond this , I found nothing in my postmortem examination to recommend further investigation . Beyond what ? Her spinal cord was crushed , Mulder . The cervical vertebrae was fractured in what appears to be manual trauma . Were Skinner 's the only prints lifted from the body ? So far . They found no semen samples . There was some irritation- - probably an allergic reaction to latex . At least they were having safe sex . Have they learned anything more ? Yeah . Her name was Carina Sayles . She was a legal secretary for one of the criminal defense firms here in town . Have you talked to anybody she worked with ? Yeah . I just got off the phone with one of the partners . She was fired a few weeks ago over an indiscretion . An indiscretion ? Yeah , she was doing some moonlighting . She was taking a little work on the side from one of the firm 's clients . What kind of work ? This client operated an escort service . She was a prostitute . Okay , give me five minutes here . I 'll get the car . Addendum . Observed what appears to be a residual phosphorescence around the victim 's mouth and nose . Note to have this analyzed . Yes ? Lorraine Kelleher ? She 's busy right now . Is there something I can help you with ? Busy or not , we need to speak with her . I 'll tell her you 're here . Lorraine ? There 's some people from the FBI here to see you . Business must be booming . I think you mean " banging . " Whatever this is about , can we do it later ? I 'm running late for an appointment . We 'd like to ask you some questions about an employee of yours- - Carina Sayles . She does work for you , doesn 't she ? I 'm ten minutes late for a meeting with her . Oh , that 's all right . I don 't think she 's going to be making that meeting . Oh . Why not ? She 's dead . She was murdered last night . How ? That 's what we 're still trying to determine . I , um ... I don 't know what to say . Well , you can start by telling us if she was working last night , and if she was , who paid for her company . I 'm afraid I can 't do that . I guess that would hurt future book sales , huh ? You 'd be surprised who some of my clients are . No , I don 't think I would be . I also doubt that they 'd want to get entangled in a homicide investigation . Look , we just need one name from you . Who hired Carina Sayles ? Let 's just say you both work for the government , and so do I. Cut the crap . Who hired her ? She called me last night . She said that she 'd met someone in a bar who was interested in a transaction . I took his credit card . Then you have his name . Walter Skinner . Thank you . What the hell was he thinking ? It just doesn 't seem like him . You think he 'd be a little more discreet . I think the lack of discretion is the least of his sins . Still not enough to prove anything conclusively . No , but that doesn 't mean that we can discount the evidence . You really believe Skinner did this ? Look , Mulder , I feel the same way about Skinner as you do , but we were just shown a dated record with Skinner 's credit card number on it . Credit card fraud happens every day . Skinner was in bed with a prostitute at the time of her death , and he 's offered us no explanation or alibi . Truth is , we don 't know very much about him . We don 't know what he does off duty , who he really is . We know that he 's put his ass on the line for us a number of times . We owe it to him to find out what really happened . Even if it means proving his guilt ? Yeah . Mulder . Thank you . - Who was that ? - Detective Waltos . Skinner 's been released on his own recognizance . Sir , sir . This doesn 't concern either of you . Of course it concerns us . Why won 't you tell us what happened last night , sir ? Read the police report if you 're really that curious . Does it explain why you refuse to take a polygraph test ? Or why there 's a prostitute in the morgue with your fingerprints all over her ? You didn 't know she was a prostitute , did you ? What are you doing , you jerk ? ! Walter . I just heard what happened . I was coming to see you . Walter ! Do you know him ? I used to think so . I 'm Sharon Skinner . I 'm his wife . We were just a little caught off guard . Neither of us even knew that he was married . He never told us . Well , one of the things Walter has always been good at is keeping secrets . But the truth is , we haven 't been together for almost eight months . Has he always been such a private person ? It 's more than that . He lives under this misguided notion that silence is strength . He 's built a wall to keep everyone out . Including you ? Yeah , especially me . Is that why you were separated ? Yeah , I just realized one day that ... we were no longer married . We had become roommates instead . We were paying the bills , taking out the garbage , and I couldn 't live like that anymore . Excuse me . Scully . You were one of the few people that Walter ever mentioned from work . Not that he said much , but from the way he talked , I could tell he respected you . That 's probably why I feel that I can ask you . Ask me what ? If Walter really killed that woman . Sorry . Mulder , we 've got to go . You 've got our numbers if you need to reach us . You still haven 't answered my question . No . I don 't think he did it . What 's going on here ? Agents Mulder and Scully ? - Yeah . - That 's right . I 'm Special Agent Bonnecaze . I 've been called up from the Norfolk field office to coordinate this inquiry . Well , I don 't know what you do down in Norfolk , but last time I checked , rifling through a man 's office was considered an invasion of privacy . Well , we 're operating under guidelines specified by the Office of Professional Conduct . A protocol , I understand , you 've opted to disregard . What do you mean ? I want both of you to make yourselves available tomorrow afternoon . Available for what ? A formal hearing regarding A.D. Skinner 's case . What case ? He hasn 't even been charged yet . The hearing is to assess and determine his ability to continue in his position as assistant director . In the meantime , we 'll be appointing our own investigators to pursue any criminal case . And I must ask you to stop looking into this any further . Oh , what , in case we turn up any evidence that might support his innocence ? Any evidence you may have obtained , Agent Mulder , you 'll be presenting tomorrow afternoon at the hearing . Skinner 's not answering his phone . He 's doing everything he shouldn 't be doing . Yeah , why ? He knows better than that . The evidence is still circumstantial at best . He 's behaving like a guilty man , Mulder . The man 's marriage is breaking up . He 's stressed out , you know , he 's ... It 's his irrational behavior that concerns me . It speaks to his state of mind . If-if an otherwise stable man is compelled to go out and hire a prostitute , what else is he capable of ? Please , give him the benefit of the doubt . I am , Mulder , believe me . I 'm not trying to convince myself . When I mentioned that hooker to him , he didn 't even seem to know . Well , maybe he doesn 't remember . What do you mean ? Either he remembers or he 's a liar . Not necessarily . This man 's running away from a train . No ! No ! He sees it coming straight at him . He hears its whistle . Several times a month he ran away from that train , until one night he broke his wife 's arm when he threw her to the floor . Night terrors ? No . Night terrors and sleepwalking occur during slow-wave , non-dream sleep . The clinical term for this is REM sleep behavior disorder . Although rare , dozens of cases of sleep-related violence have been attributed to it . That 's fascinating , but what does it have to do with Skinner ? This videotape came from the Bethesda Sleep Disorder Center , where Skinner has been receiving treatment for the past three months . For running away from trains ? The same disorder , different dreams . According to Skinner 's psychiatrist , he 's been experiencing a recurring dream in which he 's confronted by an old woman . She speaks to him , but he doesn 't understand a word . Sometimes she-she straddles his chest , suffocating him . So you think that Skinner may have killed the victim in his sleep . Defending himself against this imaginary old woman . A lot of these patients have no recollection of their nocturnal activities , which might explain Skinner 's amnesia . And it 's not such a strange story . It isn 't ? It 's ancient , actually . You may have heard it , although not in such clinical terms . In the Middle Ages , a visitation like the one Skinner described would have been attributed to a succubus . It 's a spirit that visits men in the night , usually in the form of an old woman . Visits them for sex ? Usually , though sometimes the succubus becomes so attached to the man that she would kill any woman competing for his affection . Here . What 's that ? Reports of residual and luminous phenomena have been associated with some succubus encounters , at least according to the mythology . Why ? I feel kind of strange saying this , but I found something during my postmortem exam that I think you should see . There was a circular patch around the victim 's mouth and nose approximately 11 centimeters in diameter . It retained light energy and glowed in the dark . I know what I saw , Mulder . It was here . This phosphorescence required no U.V. or infrared light ? No . It was definitely visible to the naked eye . Did you get a sample ? Yeah . I sent one over to chem-tox . And ? Well , my first hunch was that it was some kind of a fungal growth , but the only substance that they detected was amylase , which is found in saliva . So I had them send over a sample to the elemental analysis unit . The results should be back ... Yes , this is Agent Dana Scully . I 'm calling to find out the lab results on a tissue sample that I sent in earlier this morning . Thank you . What 'd they say ? That there was no analyzable substance in the sample container . Are you sure you saw something ? Mulder , I 'm afraid this isn 't exactly something that I 'd make up . Maybe that 's it . Maybe that 's why Skinner 's running . 'Cause he 's afraid . That he did it ? That he doesn 't know he didn 't do it . Hi . You didn 't answer your phone . It just kept ringing . Yeah . I unplugged it . I haven 't been sleeping too well lately . So are you going to invite me in , or should I start building an ark ? Come in . You still haven 't gotten around to unpacking . Yeah , well , you know ... work . So what are you doing here , Sharon ? I 'm not sure . After I saw you today , I didn 't know what else to do . If you 're trying to satisfy some morbid curiosity about what happened ... That 's not why I came . I just ... I just want to make sure you 're okay . I 'm okay . Except right now , company 's about the last thing that I need . I 'm not company . I 'm your wife . Ex-wife . Remember , you 're the one who asked for the divorce . Only because you didn 't have the guts to ask for one yourself , so don 't put it on me . Fair enough . So what else do you want me to say ? Nothing . I don 't want you to say anything . I just want you to let me in . Just this one time . Why ? Because I know you . I know that you 're scared and that you could use some comfort . I also know that you 'll never let me give it to you . Just take care of yourself , okay ? What 's this about ? You want to grab your coat and come with us ? We 'd like to ask you a few questions . Why ? What the hell 's going on here ? It 's your wife- - she 's been in an accident . Is she all right ? Someone ran her off the road . You 're going to have to come with us . Oh , God . We 'll also need to see the keys to your car , sir . How is she ? The CT scan showed a subdural hematoma . She 's in surgery right now to relieve pressure on her brain . Scully 's trying to get more information . I have to see her . You can 't do that , sir . Why not ? They said I wasn 't being charged . Not yet , but they 're building a pretty convincing case . You think I did this to Sharon ? No , I don 't , but I 'm in the minority . What about Agent Scully ? Scully ... Scully doesn 't understand why you 're not trying to defend yourself . Defend myself against what ? ! Don 't you think if I knew what was happening to me that I would try to ... I don 't know what to believe anymore . What about the old woman in your dream ? Who is she ? It 's going to come out . Look , if you don 't start trusting someone , you don 't stand a chance . A few months ago , I started ... seeing her again . " Again " ? I told you once what ... what happened to me in Vietnam . I was caught in an ambush . Yeah . You were the sole survivor . You also described what sounded like a near-death experience . There was nothing " near " about it , Agent Mulder . I was a dead man . That 's when you first saw her ? I saw lots of things over there . I didn 't give much credence to any of them . And why not ? I got through that experience like most 18-year-olds- - by numbing myself with whatever was around . I was no choirboy . I ... I inhaled . So you just dismissed her as another hallucination ? I tried . But you couldn 't ? She was there with me ... watching me ... as I was watching myself dying , my blood spilling from a hundred different places . Until she lifted me up and carried me back ... away from the light . Well , maybe she was trying to protect you . Maybe she 's trying to protect you now . Protect me from what ? That 's a question only you can answer . I don 't know . I don 't have a clue . Number five . This is Skinner 's car ? According to Waltos 's report , the hood was still warm when they got to Skinner 's apartment , even with the rain . Look at the left front panel . They matched the paint in the dent to Sharon Skinner 's car . Waltos 's people finish going over the interior ? Only prints they found on the steering wheel were Skinner 's . Can I borrow your flashlight ? Sure . Why ? I don 't know what you 're expecting to find , Mulder , but , uh , Skinner 's hearing is in half an hour . I 'll meet you there . What are you doing ? Collecting evidence . You know how an air bag works ? Your car hits something , a bag fills with air , you don 't die . Not air . Nitrogen . Now , the latent image , the one we 're interested in , is found in the byproduct of that explosion , in the finely-dispersed sodium metal that coats the interior of the air bag . See this pattern here ? It 's created by whoever was behind the wheel when the air bag deployed . Doesn 't look like a face . Not yet . First I 'm scanning the pattern . Then I 'm running it through software which translates its varying densities into a dimensionalized likeness . After that , it 's a matter of fine-tuning . Well , how long does that fine-tuning take ? You need this in a hurry it sounds like . I 'm not the only one who needs it . We 're still waiting for Agent Mulder ? Yes , sir . We 're finished waiting . I 'm going to begin without him . Have a seat . Let 's go over the physical evidence again . You say you found nothing damning ? No , sir . None of the physical evidence we recovered directly connects the assistant director to her death . You reexamined the victim 's body . Did you find anything of note ? I took a sample of an extraneous substance that turned out to be unidentifiable . How 's that ? A naturally occurring enzyme around her mouth and nose . And do you have any idea why it was there ? No . If you are withholding something from this committee ... Sir , I feel reluctant to say , or to speak for Agent Mulder . To say what ? Agent Mulder had a theory that the substance could have come from a visitation . But you have another explanation . No , I 'm sorry . I don 't . Do you believe in paranormal phenomena , Agent Scully ? Whatever extreme cases I have encountered , I have always viewed through the lens of science . I believe that is why I was assigned to the X Files and to Agent Mulder . And has A.D. Skinner always been as discriminating as you ? Excuse me , sir ? I don 't understand the question . Would you say that , like yourself , your direct superior has been affected by or enchanted by Agent Mulder 's notions ? No , sir . Not at all . And yet he continues to sign off on whatever extreme cases you and Agent Mulder elect to investigate . I believe the assistant director has protected us out of a respect for the work . Just as you might protect him ? By trumping up unidentifiable evidence ? No , that is not true . Thank you , Agent Scully . That will be all . Sir , if I may ... That will be all . I 'm not finished . Yes , you are , Agent Scully . Hello ? Mulder ... Hello . You missed it . Not that anything you said would have made a difference . What happened ? Where 's Skinner ? Out of a job . They dismissed him ? He would 've had a better chance against a firing squad . They used us to do it , didn 't they ? - They used the X Files . - How 'd you know ? 'Cause I think Skinner 's been outmaneuvered , Scully . They found a weakness , and they 're exploiting it . - But why ? - To put us in check . You remove Skinner , and you weaken us . What am I looking at ? This is man that stole Skinner 's car last night and tried to kill his wife . But I don 't understand . Why would they orchestrate such an elaborate scheme just to set him up ? Why not just kill him ? They already tried that once , and a second attempt would be too obvious , even for these thugs . Anyway , I think Skinner 's probably worth more to them alive in disgrace than dead and buried . - Who is this guy ? - I don 't know . Danny couldn 't find anything on him . He 's still running it . So how are we supposed to find him ? Well , this guy is a pawn . Pawns always make the first move . So he must 've hired the prostitute . What happened here ? Jumper . Happens whenever it rains two days straight . He got to her first . Mulder , look . Usually there 'd be something set up in the room , to get pictures , tape , whatever . Judy , we need you to identify somebody . Is this the man who hired Carina ? He said that nobody would get hurt . He lied . Skinner 's not the only person he set up . Are you saying he killed Carina ? And Lorraine . He 's cleaning house . We need you to arrange a meeting . Well , I can 't . I mean , Lorraine 's the only one who ever really talked to him . Unfortunately , Lorraine can 't get to the phone right now . Please don 't make me do this . Look what he did to your friends . We 're your only chance of coming out of this okay . Agent Mulder 's right . I 'll stay with you if you want until we take him into custody . I want you to call him . Tell him you 're scared because we questioned you . Tell him you want money to get out of town . You 'll meet him at the Ambassador Hotel bar . Okay ? Hello ? Hi . This is Judy Fairly . You might not remember me , but I work for Lorraine . One moment , please . Yes ? Some FBI agents came to see me about what happened to Lorraine . What did you tell them ? Nothing . I didn 't say anything . But they scared the hell out of me . Look ... I need some money . That can be arranged . Can you meet me ? Where would you like to meet ? The Ambassador Hotel at ... In an hour ? I 'm close . I 'll see you in an hour . I had to tell you , Sharon , before anything else happens , I 'm not signing those papers . For a lot of reasons . Most of them , I 'm just ... realizing myself for the first time . Some of the things I 've seen the violence and the lies that I 've witnessed men inflict on one another , I can never tell you that . Not that I ever stopped believing in the work , but there were contradictions that I ... that I couldn 't reconcile , which meant shutting down part of myself just to do my job . I never told you what I should have told you . That what really got me through each day was knowing that I 'd be sleeping next to you that night . Knowing that I had a reason to wake up in the morning . I 'm not sure if you can even hear me now or if it even makes a difference to you anymore . But I at least wanted you to know that . Sharon ? Somebody ... Listen to me . Did you get him ? No , he hasn 't shown up yet . He should have been here 15 minutes ago . What 's going on ? Nothing . Great . Maybe it 's the rain . This guy isn 't about to let a little rain stop him . Mulder , hang on a second . Judy ? Scully , what 's going on ? Mulder , get up here right now . He 's upstairs . Judy ? What the hell are you doing ? I 'm sorry . I called , but you didn 't answer . What 's the matter ? Are you okay ? Mm-hmm . Sir ? Come in . This is our report . You 'll see , though , that several questions remain unanswered . The identity of the man I shot ? We ran his face and fingerprints through every available database . There are still no matches . And we 're doing a dental record search , but that will probably be a dead end , too . And regarding the other man , the telephone number that we had for him has been disconnected , and there 's no record of an account . Don 't waste your time , Agent Scully . You won 't find him . Just get whatever forensic evidence you need off the body you have and bury it . Is there a problem , Agent Mulder ? Yeah , there 's something else you 'll find missing in there . An explanation for how you knew to be at the hotel last night . I was hoping you could fill in that line item yourself . I 'm afraid I can 't do that , at least not at this point in time . Why not ? Because whatever I believe may have happened ... it has no place on an official report . Then why don 't you just tell me . Off the record . If you 'll excuse me , I have some catching up to do . The OPC did a number on my office . But I want to thank you for the quick turnaround on this . I made this !
