 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Hi , this is Chris Carter , the writer and director of this episode - Triangle . This was an overly ambitious episode actually , and one that took a tremendous amount of extra planning and extra care and extra work for everyone involved . It was filmed in long takes , oners , that were put together artfully and made to look like real time . So what you 're seeing is actually edited film that pretends to be in one continuous , long take through each act . You can see where some of the edits are if you pay very careful attention , but our attempt was to disguise them . We begin here in the Sargasso Sea with the wreckage of a ship . This was actually filmed in a tank . And here 's Agent Mulder lying face first in the water . This was filmed in a tank that was used on the movie Titanic , among other movies . We 're actually in the middle of a sort of desert here but you wouldn 't know that , because we never actually rise ... The camera never rises above the water level . This is stock footage of a stormy , stormy ocean with Mulder - David Duchovny - being pulled out of the sea . We 're actually filming right off the edge of the Queen Mary here . Just to give a little background , when I told the actors what we were doing , they were game and they wanted to do it , but they knew they 'd have to learn their lines very well because they 'd be doing long takes as you see in this first take . This is all continuous action . There is an edit in here . But Mulder is hauled aboard the Queen Anne , which is the Queen Mary . He is being brutalised by the British sailors who have found him in the sea who believe he 's a German spy , calling him Jerry . There 's an edit in this little area here to get Mulder upright to answer the questions . Now he 's going to be hauled roughly into the interior of the ship where , once again , we cut . But this is all long , long single takes that took a lot of rehearsal and , ultimately , a lot of very careful camerawork and focus pulling . Dave Luckenbach really was , for me , a kind of codirector on this whole episode . He , as the Steadicam operator , had the job of keeping the action framed in an interesting way . As you 're coming in this hallway , there was an edit in the darkness . Another edit there on the swing pan . Mulder brought into the hallway and taken to Captain Yip Harburg 's room , the British captain . Some of these actors were British , and some were affecting British accents . I think the lead actor here , Trevor , is actually Australian . Madison Mason , who plays Yip Harburg , is an American affecting an English accent . This was a really difficult scene for Bill Roe . This one in particular , because we 're 360 ° around the room , and he 's got to light it , and light it interestingly . He lit it and then I questioned his lighting . I thought it was too flat and I thought it wasn 't what I was looking for . He tore the lighting out and we started again . It was very nervous-making because this was our first scene of the day and I think it took us until about lunchtime to actually get a shot off , That 's very nervous-making in episodic television , because you 've really gotta be putting film in the camera and getting prints if you want to get your work done . So this was all a very anxiety-producing situation . David Duchovny was spot-on . He had his dialogue down perfectly and had to do this scene ... I think we ended up shooting this scene a half-dozen times before we got it exactly right . The camera needs to be a character here , looking back and forth , anticipating the dialogue , pushing in , keeping the framing interesting . There 's a little cheap joke here about the White House . This was during the Clinton scandal , the Monica Lewinsky scandal . It 's a cheap joke that probably doesn 't work now . David is left alone in the room and all of a sudden ... He 's confused about the time or the others are confused because they 're in the Devil 's Triangle . Suddenly he hears a message over the radio , which is Neville Chamberlain declaring war against Germany . In hearing this , he realises that it 's not that he has come onto the ship in 1998 , but that he has come onto the ship in 1939 . There 's a whip pan here when Mulder hears something at the door and all of a sudden , for the first time , we see that the characters ... There 's a nice light change there too , which was very difficult to do . This is continuous action . We 're going to see that people in The X-Files are actually showing up now as characters , Nazi characters , very similar to the characters that they play , in terms of their villainy , in the series . This is a very edgy shot here . Very , very dark . Done with a double , actually . Both Mulder and Spender here are doubled for this fight sequence . Through some tricky camerawork here , in silhouette . There 's a cut right there . I have Mulder finding that indeed it 's Jeffrey Spender dressed as a Nazi . I got a chance to use some of my favourite '40s music here too , or ' 30s and ' 40s music , to transition scenes and it was kind of a thrill . This was actually one of the less effective shots I did . I had to sort of span time here a little bit , so it 's a little bit of a pan across nothing , while I get Mulder dressed or re-dressed and bring in the Nazis coming down the corridors . Beautifully lit and shot corridors . Mulder enters in his Nazi uniform now , in disguise . Corey Kaplan did such an amazing job - our production designer - on this episode . She was able to take what was already there , which was quite beautiful , and authenticate it , make it look as if it were a completely period ship . It was not quite . There were some things , additions - lights , carpeting and so forth that actually made it look less like an actual period ship . There are little visual references to The Wizard of Oz throughout , including that billboard you saw , the poster board you saw behind Mulder . Here he ducks in to the ballroom as the Nazis ... just eluding the Nazis who run past . The camera as a character , Dave Luckenbach pushing in through the curtains , a cut , and we 're in the ballroom . Still as if it 's continuous time . This was a very expensive scene , because there 's so many extras . Lighting took so much time , and costumes ... There are dancers here , but I had actually only about eight real expert dancers . Everybody else had to be taught how to dance in the sort of period style . Mulder sees this singer on stage and recognises her , as we 'll recognise her later . Oh , now who does he bump into ? He bumps into Scully . Now Mulder , dressed in a Nazi uniform , running into the Scully lookalike who 's never seen him before in her life . This was very fun to shoot . You can imagine , after five years of shooting Mulder and Scully as Mulder and Scully , the chance to make them somebody else and to use that conceit was a lot of fun , I think , for everybody . The man who we will come later to realise is Thor 's Hammer , the scientist who knows about building an atomic weapon , we 'll see him later on in the X-Files office . Mulder is once again challenged ... David is challenged physically here , in these scenes , roughhoused , handled roughly . Taken outside ... above decks and hauled through the rain . The cameraman actually got up onto ... I had him rise up onto a platform here , so we got a nice high angle that we wouldn 't have achieved otherwise . So every time we see this angle change , you 'll see that there 's another cut . It requires some piece of machinery , piece of expertise , that 's all done in continuous action . We hired some actual German actors for the Nazi roles , so that their voices sounded authentic . They spoke in that thick German accent . We are actually in the Wheelhouse of the Queen Mary right here and the water pouring off the sides is ourwater _ We 've created it with giant sprinkler systems . What you 're looking at , really , is take two of a very complicated sequence . Everyone had to hit their marks , say their lines properly , and the camera had to work just so . I would have probably done this a few more times to get it just the way I wanted it . I have to say it turned out amazingly well , in spite of the fact I only got to do it twice , because the Wheelhouse started to leak with all the water we were pumping clown on it . The folks at the Queen Mary actually forced us to shut clown . So this was a stroke of just tremendous luck that we got what we got here . You 'll see in a moment the appearance of another X-Files ... Here 's the Cigarette-Smoking Man , Bill Davis , as the head Nazi here , and the appearance of another man who we last expect to see in Nazi dress , that being AD Skinner , who I thought was somewhat less recognisable with his hat on . But we loved the gla ... We gave him the little sort of Colonel Klink glasses . This brings us to the end of an act . Moving the episode now into the FBI . For a lot of people this is their favourite act . I think it moves really well . There 's the man Scully was dancing with , working at the FBI , so everyone plays a dual role , or most everyone . I think that the way the action moved here is ... It worked . The concept actually of keeping this moving as one continuous take worked , and it worked because the Lone Gunmen knew their lines . They 'd spent the night before having a few beers and going over their lines , so they were word-perfect . Along with Scully , who had to move the action , not just by knowing her lines , but she actually marches ... She does a lot of very physical marching in and out of offices here and has to maintain a tone and keep her energy up through each piece of the film , which all has to match , tonally , in an ever-rising and escalating sense of urgency . Mulder and Scully are actually out of the X-Files during the larger story arc here , so this is Scully 's office for now , which is why we 're not in the X-Files office . The X-Files office is being manned by Agent Spender , wno 's Mulder 's half-brother , and a villain . You 've already seen him dressed in a Nazi uniform . This is Arlene Pileggi , Mitch Pileggi 's wife , playing Skinner 's secretary . Scully going to get help from Skinner , who we 'vejust seen in Nazi dress , who offers her no help at all . Similarly as he 's done , he seems like a villain here , as he appeared to us on the ship with Mulder when we saw him at the end of the last act . As we 'll come to see , he is ... Well , he seems like he is an obstacle here . He will end up becoming an ally . Janet Reno on the wall . Dates the picture . She 's no longer in her job . I have saved at home these notes . Just kind of funny little memorabilia . You 'll see that Gillian writes a note in Spender 's office - the X-Files office - later on . I don 't know why , I just ... She had to write it on camera , so when we wrapped the scene I took the note and I 've kept it as one of my little pieces of the show . That was a tricky camera move there . The cameraman needed to get out of the office behind Gillian and get in front of her , so we needed to create some obstacles which we made human obstacles . Now , these elevator scenes are very tricky , because the cameraman has to get inside with Scully , in the elevator , so he 's gotta squeeze in , keeping his framing . The focus puller here ... He is ... If the ... This is a trick . There was a cut there and I chose to have Scully step on the woman 's toe to hide the fact that she is now completely separated from that last scene that she did . So , being in the elevator and getting out of it were shot as two different scenes . The focus puller has a really difficultjob here , because each time the camera moves in and out and the subject matter changes its focus plane , the focus puller has to be exact . If he 's not , we get out-of-focus shots and we can 't use those . So not only do the actors and the cameraman have to be great but the focus puller here has to be perfect , and he was an incredible amount of the time . Scully can get help from no one . She sees that now she has even betrayed Mulder 's whereabouts and his plan , or what he has done , to her superior and her arch nemesis , the Cigarette-Smoking Man , who we 've already seen as the evillest of the Nazis on board the Queen Anne ... In World War II . Scully going to the cellphone . Running for the elevator and ... For the first time in a long time , ( chuckles ) she can 't get out on her cellphone . Seems like that cellphone works everywhere but in the FBI elevator of all places . There 's a cut here . Every time Scully gets in and out of the elevator we have to cut , because we 've gotta be in a new place . We 're in the X-Files basement here , the X-Files office , with Spender , who 's proven himself to be a weasel , as Scully says . He 's no help at all but she browbeats him . This is a nice moment that Chris Owens created , looking off , creating a moment , so he 's not just watching Scully 's action but he 's thinking . It was nice to be able to come off Scully to Chris Owens . He makes a moment of something that was really not a moment at all , which was important when the camera is always watching . There 's no editorial , no chance to cut around anything . There 's only what the camera sees in linear time . In the elevator scenes coming up , Scully moving in and out ... Here will be another cut . As the camera focuses on the doors , we hold on the split and there ... you can see a slight move there if you notice it , a slight camera adjustment which is another cut . We 're in another scene . The elevator 's actually stationary . It does not move , although it appears to move . So while Soully 's inside , often when the doors are opening , or at least twice while the doors are opening , Scully comes out , pops back in . Then when the doors close , we 're still in real time . Now the crew is out , scrambling like crazy . Set Dec is out re-dressing the same hallway as another hallway and this , actually , was really funny . We 're in the same hallway now . Different extras , different furniture , different everything . Often we went too fast and we caught the crew with pictures in their hand , moving furniture . It was like a farce . That hallway changed three times during the course of that scene , all running in continuous time . This was , coming up , one of the most difficult scenes for the cameraman , when we jump out into the FBI parking garage and the Lone Gunmen pull up in their van . The cameraman actually has to get in the van with them , sit down , and we see Agent Spender running behind . The choreography of this , the timing , and the camera difficulty are ... It just was a superior effort by everyone to actually make this work in the time we had . You 're now in the bowels of the Queen Mary being led along , Mulder being pushed along with the British soldiers , being led by the Nazi soldiers into the engine room . This was really a tight squeeze for Dave LUckenbach _ It was one of the first scenes that we shot , maybe actually the first scene , and the difficulty scared us all . Getting this scene , making sure the camera functioned as a character here , pushed into the action , made it feel alive and interesting throughout , in such close quarters , was daunting . And when we didn 't get a shot off until lunch ... Everyone having to get their lines right , the camerawork being right , the lighting being right , the introduction of new characters into the scene , the timing of that , it all was , for television , bucking the odds that we could actually do what we wanted to do in the time that we had to do it . We couldn 't fail . We couldn 't make ... We could make mistakes , but only very few , because we needed to get the work done . Now the plot thickens as the traitor is revealed . Mulder has now given the Nazis the information they need . Mulder has a trick up his sleeve , he believes , knowing where they are , in the Devil 's Triangle . He was going to try to speak ... You 'll see another cut there , through the steam . He 's going to try to speak , or talk sense to , the man at the wheel , who we 'll recognise as AD Kersh , James Pickens , giving me his best Rastafarian accent . This was a really fun scene to shoot - these angry mob crowd scenes - because it always felt like it filled the frame and it kept everything intense , but it also felt at the same time , when you got into these tight corners , like you couldn 't move the camera as much as you wanted to . Mulder here , trying to intervene . The Queen Mary was this incredible resource . We had moved from Vancouver where we had been for five years . We were all very nervous about the look of the show , and if it could still be scary enough , if we 'd have enough atmosphere , which Vancouver had so much of . What we found and what we learned real quickly was that there were so many resources available that we didn 't have in Vancouver , in terms of location and things like the Queen Mary . So this was one of the first episodes we did coming back from Vancouver to Los Angeles . It was just a treat to be able to get all this production value . Something we couldn 't have gotten in Vancouver . See those whip pans and the cuts that are hidden there . Tight corners again for the cameraman , having to scoot down very , very narrow passageways . Using the darkness here as places to cut . Through the first three acts there were 17 edits . So there were only really 17 shots through the first three-quarters of the picture , and then there were more in the last act , because there are some camera tricks and things that required extra cuts . But I think there were a total of ... There may have been ... it 's either 34 cuts in the whole picture , or 17 plus 34 . Back in the ballroom here , with Agent Spender , or his Nazi counterpart . And the Cigarette-Smoking Man speaking his best German , which he practised very hard for me . Holding his cigarette ... As he always does . Smoking a cigarette . These scenes are shot with very wide-angle lenses . The camera is actually very , very close to the actors ' faces , because you wanna encompass in these shots as much of this ballroom as possible , which had been dressed so beautifully . This man who is shot here , a stuntman , was the boyfriend of one of the assistant editors on the show , who just happened to fit the bill for a white-haired gent , who is the first passenger to be killed by the merciless Nazis . This is just ... The amazing effort and attention to detail that the production folks , the art people on the show - Sandy Getzler , in this case , the art director - were able to accomplish on a limited budget with limited time . This ballroom will actually change over and become a decrepit version of itself in a later scene . Spender and Scully in a sort of allusion to the earlier scene where Scully had told Spender what to do . Now Spender , as the Nazi , not bending to Scully 's browbeating IVlulder , here , in a little lift from one of my favourite movies , Schindler 's List , points to the dead man as the person the Nazis were looking for , but it doesn 't work . Nice try . This was an evening shot of the Queen Mary which turned out so beautiful . We just lucked out with the clouds and the sky . We 're on a boat running beside ... Actually running beside the Queen Mary and having it all lit up , as you see . We weren 't able to empty the Queen Mary so if you look carefully you can see that there are tourists or diners on board , eating in the restaurants there . Now the use of split screen , which actually are cuts in themselves , but they make the action appear continuous with the sliding wipes . It 's a very effective use of an optical to continue the sense of real time . All the extras here are in period costume . Period jewellery , if possible . The makeup and wardrobe and hair departments all worked overtime and had extra staff , extra personnel in to make sure everyone looked authentic . These are actually some of the most beautiful scenes in the picture , as you get a chance to see not just the environment , but the extras so clearly . There was a cut there , one of the more clunky cuts in the picture , with the Nazis crossing . There were framing problems . It was one of the too-obvious tricks , for me . They actually had a spotlight in the ballroom which came in handy for this scene . It actually gave it an atmosphere that I had not imagined , so we lucked into that . It was a great thrill to stage these fight scenes , to figure how to put the cuts in them , and get the woman hitting the man over the head with the bottle . To keep the fighting interesting it had to look realistic , and yet it was all staged fighting which sometimes doesn 't look realistic . Once again , the use of the wipe here - the optical wipe across - to get us back to Scully and the Lone Gunmen who have now boarded the Queen Anne . We are imagining this is in ... that they have boarded the same ship as Mulder . It looks in every way like the same ship as the one Mulder has boarded . But we 'll see that they 've actually boarded a ghost ship . Mulder 's nowhere to be found . I 'd imagined Mulder and Scully crawling on the floor with a lot more action around them . I just couldn 't figure out how to stage it because I didn 't have the extras or scope . So it actually turned out a little bit briefer and not quite as effective as I had imagined it . Now the tricks will start . Mulder and Scully are here in ' 39 trying to elude the Nazis and it looks like they are dead meat here . Until a shot is fired , but no one 's been hit but the Nazi . And now Skinner , who 's helped Scully in the FBI , has revealed himself as a traitor to the Nazis , helping Mulder and Scully get away . Gillian 's dress was specially designed , actually , an original design by Christine Peters , who was the wardrobe designer on the episode . I 'd seen an MTV video by the band Semisonic _ It was a clever use of split screen with people moving through the split screens . So that was , for me , an inspiration for this scene where both Scullys pass by one another and have a sense of one another , but how could they when they seem to be in two different time periods ? All the staging and the switching here from period to period is done by stopping the camera , starting the camera , holding , freezing the frame . Optical tricks . Scully and the Lone Gunmen go to the ballroom which we recognise from the hallway , hopefully ... Thinking we 're going to walk into the ongoing fight . But slowly revealing ... That ... it is 1998 and this is indeed a ghost ship . The changeover from the ballroom you 've just seen , with the fight going on - a beautifully-appointed ballroom to this - that had to take place in the course of hours while we did other work that night . That was the art department 's hardest challenge on the show ... doing things ... It 's almost like we were producing a play and needed to move the scenery around while the actors were on stage . This was a really fun scene to shoot . Both David and Gillian were excellent in it , and Gillian has to ... Not only do they kiss , which Mulder and Scully have never done to this point , but Scully 's got to land a punch on Mulder . When she threw that punch , I actually thought she had hit him . It seemed so effective . And it looks very effective here , on film . Whoa . What a lot of people have been waiting for here . Camera swings over and finds the stuntman _ We 've switched out Mulder to the stuntman , jumping 70-odd feet into the water beside the Queen Mary . The split screen now - we are in the tank where we began the picture . That same tank . With a camera now , slowly , with bubbles that we 've added into the tank , slowly rising to the surface to find the same floating body that we saw in the beginning . And the boat that we 've added to the tank and the crew aboard that boat - that we are on ... actually in the tank or afloat on the tank - pulling Mulder out of the water . This is the only time cut in the picture ... Where we cut from one time to another . This leads us to a long oner _ A single take in Mulder 's hospital room where there 's a few more allusions to The Wizard of Oz . And the reintroduction of the players . This is one of the few shots that was not operated by Dave LUckenbach _ This was actually done off a crane . Mulder and Scully have not the most tender exchange , but sweet . As we come around to Mulder ... He delivers his line that we may have always imagined he 'd speak one clay , but he has never spoken . It 's met with rolling eyes . As we come around , though , we see that he 's got the black eye to prove it was all true . The episode was nominated for several awards . It won an Emmy for sound editing . It was nominated for a writing Emmy and for a directing Emmy .
