 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( turns water on ) ( small noises above ) ( screams ) ( PA ) We are now beginning our descent into JFK International Airport . We should be on the ground in 15 minutes . Any passenger needing help with customs forms or any other form ... ( announcement in French ) Monsieur ? Monsieur ? ( screams ) ( Skinner ) Come in . - Thank you for getting here so quickly . - There 's not much traffic at this hour . This is Dr Simon Bruin with the Philadelphia office of the Centers for Disease Control . A pleasure , Dr Scully . How familiar are you with the kidnappings in Philadelphia ? Only what I 've read : that four young men have gone missing in the past three months . All African-American . Ajoint FBI-Philadelphia PD task force has been working around the clock . But there have been no leads to speak of . Until last night . What happened last night ? Owen Sanders , the last to go missing , was found dead near a construction site . - How was he killed ? - That 's just it , Agent Scully . He wasn 't _ No evidence indicates homicide . Has a cause of death been determined ? No . But I 'll let Dr Bruin give you his thoughts on that . This was taken last night , less than an hour after Sanders ' body was found . - I thought you said Owen Sanders was black . - He was . I 'm not sure I follow . See for yourself . Owen Sanders was a normal young black man . I assume you 're going somewhere with this . The depigmentation may actually be characteristic of a disease . An apparently fatal one . So you don 't think they 're victims of a crime at all . It 's my opinion , Dr Scully , this investigation should begin and end under a microscope . Dr Bruin hopes someone with a solid medical background ... _ .can make a quick and decisive analysis . Case number 2139318531 Subject is a black male , 19 years old . Cause and time of death unknown . Note : total lack of pigment in the skin , hair and eyes . This suggests albinism , though the bleaching of the irises ... _ .indicates a violent and unexplained cellular reaction to a vector or an environment ... ( door opens ) Hey . I heard you were down here slicing and dicing . Who 's the lucky stiff ? His name is Owen Sanders . Reported as the fourth kidnap victim in Philadelphia ... _ .until he turned up last night like this . There 's a Michael Jackson joke in here , but I can 't quite find it . I 've been requested to determine what leached the pigment from his body . - Requested by whom ? - The Centers for Disease Control . The CDC in a kidnap case ? They believe the case has been mislabelled _ That this man and the others may have fallen prey to a disease or a pathogen . Based on what other evidence ? There were no signs of trauma or defence wounds , and his wallet was still full of cash . That 's interesting . What , uh , what sort of disease is this ? I don 't know . There are conditions like vitiligo which attack melanocytes ... _ .and prevent the manufacture of melanin in the skin , ... _ .autoimmune disorders , not yet understood . So this man died of a disorder ? He and four other young black men contracted the disease ... _ .and then disappeared without any explanation whatsoever . It 's possible they 've already turned up , but because of the depigmentationu . _ .there may be a problem with identification . So I have reissued descriptions of John Does to area morgues and ERs _ Scully , has it occurred to you that this mightjust be a PR exercise ? I 'm sorry ? To divert attention from the fact that young black men are dying and there 's no suspect ? - The perception being that nobody cares . - Not everything is a conspiracy , _ .. _ .and not everybody is plotting to deceive , inveigle and obfuscate . Did you lift any forensic evidence ? Yes . Hair , skin and fibre . Behind you on the counter . What are you doing ? I 'm gonna join the snipe hunt , if you don 't mind . Before the body count rises . ( knocking ) ( man ) Mr Aboah ? Anyone home ? Samuel Aboah ? YSS . I 'm Marcus Duff . Remember me ? Your immigration counsellor . We have an appointment to go over your naturalisation petition . Um , please . Thank you . We could use a little light to fill out the petition . Maybe you can open a window or something . Yeah ... I guess that works . Have a seat , Samuel . This is a little complicated . So ... You OK ? You look ill . You got a fever or something ? No . I know how lonely it is , believe me . Being in a strange place far from your family . But once you become a US citizen , _ _ . _ .I can help you bring over every brother , sister , .. _ Haunt , uncle and cousin . It all starts today , Samuel . Know what I 'm saying ? Thank you . Agent Pendrell . Thanks for turning this materials analysis around on short notice . Shouldn 't we wait for Agent Scully ? - She 's not coming . - Why not ? She had a date . Breathe ! It 's with a dead man . She 's doing an autopsy . - You said you found something ? - Yeah . Asbestos fibres . Not much there . And I didn 't think there was anything among the vegetable debris - local soils , pollens , etc . Till I came across this . I had to go on-line with a botanist at UVN to determine what it was . It looks like some kind of thorn . No , it 's a seed , actually . But nothing you 'll find at your local nursery . Adenia volkensii . - Help me out . - From a rare species of passionflowen It 's a rare , night-blooming plant indigenous only to certain parts of West Africa . How could this travel 5,000 miles around the world and wind up on Owen Sanders ? That I couldn 't tell you . It contains a cerebropatnic glycoside _ Mean anything to you ? If I 'm correct , it 's a cortical depressant that works on the higher centres of the brain . - is it lethal ? - In large enough quantities it might be . Larger than anything contained in a single seed . Did the toxicology screen detect any of it in Sanders ' blood ? No , the tox screen was clean . Could his body have metabolised it ? Only if the victim hadn 't expired immediately . - Does that tell you anything about anything ? - No , but ... _ .I think I found something that could explain the depigmentation . - His pituitary gland was necrotised . - His pituitary gland ? The pituitary gland secretes all of the regulatory hormones in the body , _ _ _ _ .and it controls the production of melanin in the skin cells . So you found evidence that this is a disease ? No . I have identified the effect . I am still looking for the cause . OK , let me know as soon as you find anything out . - Where are you , Mulder ? - Off to water the seeds of doubt . Bye-bye . Ms Covarrubias ? - Who are you ? - Agent IVlulder . Fox IVlulder . - What are you doing ? - I 'm sorry I frightened you . What do you want ? I 'm not sure why , but I thought you might be in a position to help me . Help you ? Four young men are missing in Philadelphia . One of the men was found dead last night . This seed was recovered from his body . It 's from a rare species of plant found only in West Africa . Do you know anything about this case ? No . Is there any way you could End something out about it ? Thousands of exotic species cross into US soil every day undetected . Bilge water is emptied into harbours , produce sent through the mail . In practical terms , borders are little more than lines on maps . Is that a yes or a no ? - I can 't help you . - You can 't or you won 't ? You made an overture to me . You left an opening . Tell me I 'm wrong . Tell me there 's nothing here , and I 'll just walk away . Either way , I need to know . Aghg ( distorted ) Hey , I got a schedule . You gettin ' on or not ? What 's your problem ? You on drugs or something ? Ah , the hell with you . You can walk for all I care . Damned drugs . He was sitting right here , staring at me with these glassy eyes . Pretty much out of it . You mean he looked sick ? Yeah , now that you mention it . I mean , I asked him if he needed help , but he didn 't say squat . Don 't forget to put down I had a schedule to keep . Did you observe anybody else in the area ? Not that I saw . I already told the police pretty much everything I know . - ( car approaches ) - Excuse me . - What happened ? - We have another missing young man . Alfred Kittel , 17 years old , African-American . His mother called the police around 3am . - How does she know he 's missing ? - He works down the street . He takes this bus every night , and last night he never made it home . They found his knapsack on the bench here . The police are out canvassing . I talked to a bus driver who said that he seemed disoriented , nonresponsive _ It might be some kind of pre-symptomatic dementia . Or a reaction to a powerful cortical depressant . What are you suggesting ? Find Alfred Kittel and you find another one of those rare African seeds . What makes you so sure ? A week before the first person was reported missing ... _ .the New York Port Authority filed that with the FAA . Like Owen Sanders , this man wasn 't an albino either . Not until he was found dead on a charter flight from West Africa , from Burkina Faso . The embassy demanded the body 's return before an autopsy could be performed . It says cause of death was undetermined . Yeah , undetermined , Scully , but not necessarily unknown . " Aboah " ? What the hell kind of name is that ? Mr Aboah ? - Yes . - Philadelphia PD . We 're canvassing the building in regard to a missing person . This is the young man we 're looking for . Have you seen him ? No . Well , if you hear from anyone who nas , or come across any information at all , ... _ .you can reach us at this number . That 's a hot line . You can call 24 hours a day . ( laboured breathing ) - Thank you . - Thank you . - I am really quite busy . - We won 't take up much of your time . You 're in charge of most of the Casework ... _ .for aliens immigrating from Africa and the Caribbean ? I assist people from that part of the world where I came from 15 years ago . We 're looking for somebody that came more recently . On a flight from Burkina Faso . This is the passenger manifest from the charter company . And ... you want me to do what , exactly ? Cross-reference the names with anyone applying for permanent resident status ... _ .or a work visa in the last three months . I am a social worker , not a police officer . My business is not chasing down illegals . Sir , we 're not here to arrest anybody . But you are FBI agents , are you not ? Yes . Investigating a possible public health crisis . What kind of crisis ? He 's not at home . We might as well get comfortable . It has to be here , Mulder . There has to be some evidence of a virus or bacterium . If you looked up from the microscope , you 'd see that what 's missing is a motive . The motive of any pathogen is to reproduce itself . LVly job as a doctor is to find out if and how it is being transmitted . - If this is a health crisis . - Death is a health crisis . Something caused Sanders ' pituitary to fail , .. _ _ .which caused his metabolism to drop , resulting in coma and , finally , in death . Sometimes you have to start at the end to find the beginning . I just hope we don 't have to find another dead body to discover what that is . Maybe we won 't have to wait . IVlrAboah ? Can I talk to you a minute ? - Boy , this guy can move . - He 's not here . He has to be . Mulder , I think I know where he went . Come on , Mulder . Let 's go . We 've lost him . Hey , Scully , look at this . Oh , my God . From outward signs , this man is asymptomatic . I appreciate the connection you 've tried to make , but it 's a dead end . With your permission , I 'd like to examine him more . I 'd like to run a suppression test , .. _ .do a TSH screen , take a history . It would help if we could talk to him . I 'm working on that . - Nothing ? - Not yet . That doesn 't mean he isn 't a carrier , or even the index case . He 's some kind of case , the way he disappeared down that drainpipe . Why has Samuel Aboah been arrested ? You said his health was in danger . Why have I been lied to ? Nobody has lied to you , sir . Then , please , release him immediately . We would like to do some more tests . We have to be sure his health hasn 't been endangered and he isn 't endangering others . - Then why have you called me ? - As a translator . We 'd like to be able to ask him some questions . - About what ? - About Alfred Kittel . . _ _ .and several other men who 've gone missing since his arrival in Philadelphia . - Then this is about a criminal charge . - There are no charges against MrAboah _ We arrested him because he ran when we tried to question him . I wanna know why . Sir , if you had ever been beaten by the police , . _ _ _ .or had your home burned for no other reason than being born , _ _ _ .. then , maybe , you would understand why he ran . And why you would run too . He ran because he 's hiding something . And no amount of tests you run on him , _ _ . - _ .no science is gonna find that . Excuse me . - Where are you going ? To find someone who I know plotted to deceive , inveigle and obfuscate . IVlinister , this is Agent Mulder with the FBI . - Thank you for seeing me at such a late hour . - I did not have much choice in this matter . Someone from the United Nations spoke to the ambassador . What 's so important that it can 't wait ? With all due respect , sir , I think you already know . DO I ? Something happened on a flight from your country three months ago . Something that you felt compelled to hide , even from your own ambassador . The request to stop investigating this man 's death came from you . I understand the need to protect your diplomatic position , but more men are dying . Even if I tell you what I know ... _ .you would never believe it . You 'd be surprised at what I believe , sir . I had hoped , if I closed my eyes , _ _ _ _ .it would go away this time . This time ? My people , ... _ .the Bambara , are farmers . I grew up hearing the old stories , _ _ _ _ .believing them as only a child can believe . What kinds of stories ? The Teliko . Spirits ... _ .of the air . It was said they rested by day ... - -in closed , dark places-- - _ - deep inside tree hollows-- - _ - and in holes beneath the ground , - - . _ .too small even for a child to hide himself Mr Aboah ? Only when the sun fell , . _ _ _ - when the rest of the world was sleeping , " _ _ would they come out . Come out to do what , sir ? I was seven years old . Lying awake one night , I saw him . He was standing over me . His hair was like straw , ... _ .his eyes like water , . _ _ _ .staring down at me . I closed my eyes and screamed , _ .. _ .and felt myself being swept up into the air . But when I opened my eyes , ... _ .I saw my father ... _ .holding me . - Then it was a nightmare . - That 's what my father said . And I believed him . Until the next day , .. _ _ .when they found my cousin ... _ .dead among his cattle . Looking exactly like this man . Which is wny , _ _ _ _ _ when this photograph came across my desk three months ago , ... _ .I knew the Teliko was more than just a children 's story . I knew it was real . I knew he was here ! This patient has something in his throat , some kind of aberrant bone growth , ... _ .or maybe something foreign lodged in his oesophagus . Hm . Could be a lot of things . You 'd be amazed what I 've seen removed from people 's throats in ERS . That 's only part of it . I discovered something even more disturbing when his PET series came back . Look right here on the sagittal section , right below the hypothalamus . - There must be some mistake . - There 's no mistake . This patient has no pituitary gland . That 's not possible . I can 't even begin to explain what we 're seeing here , sir . I just hope this patient can provide some answers . You 'll have to find him first . - What are you talking about ? - I was looking for you in Quarantine . Samuel Aboah is gone , disappeared . ( 93595 ) Samuel ? You scared me . They let you out of the hospital ? YSS . Everything is fine ? Samuel ? Did you want to see me about something ? Well , come on . Let me give you a ride home . We can talk about it on the way . Lucky for you I was working late . Yes . Lucky . Come , let 's go . ( Scully ) When did this happen ? Thank you , Lieutenant . I appreciate it . I think this was his getaway vehicle . He didn 't even touch his Jell-O . Let 's go . Marcus Duff 's car turned up abandoned ... _ .with the keys in the ignition and the hood still hot . 6834 , requesting ambulance in alley behind 1163 West Cherry . Man down . Victim : African-American male , aged 35 ... - Do you know what happened to him ? - I won 't even try to guess , but he 's alive . What about Aboah ? Any indication of where he might be ? We 're still sweeping the area . I 'll keep you posted . He 's gotta be around here . He can 't have gotten far . He can squeeze into a coffee can . He could be anywhere . - They 'll find him . - They 'll find another victim . - We interrupted him before he could finish . - Interrupted his killing Duff ? The killing is just incidental , I think , to afar more basic need . What need ? LfAboah has no pituitary , then his body couldn 't produce melanin itself , right ? Theoretically , yes . Well , when you examined him you didn 't observe one single albino trait . Considering his PET scan results , I don 't even know how ne managed to stay alive . That 's what I 'm talking about : survival . And notjustAboah 's _ I think the anomaly you observed is not just physiological . I think it may be evolutionary . - What are you talking about ? - A lost tribe , a clan of sub-Saharan albinos _ .. _ .linked by a common congenital deficit , who 've adapted over generations by ... - By stealing other people 's hormones ? - Somehow , Aboah has managed to survive . However he 's managed to survive , what makes you think he 's not an isolated case ? Because of something somebody told me last night . An African folk tale . You 're basing this theory on a folk tale ? It 's just another way of describing the same truth . All new truths begin as heresies and end as superstitions . We fear the unknown , _ _ _ _ .so we reduce it to terms that are familiar , whether that 's a folk tale or a disease or ... _ .a conspiracy . Even if you 're right , especially if you 're right , _ _ _ _ .why would he leave his country to come here ? Free cable . The same reasons anybody comes here . Liberty , the freedom to pursue your own interests ... Look at that . - What are you doing ? - It 's a demolition site . Why are we here , Mulder ? Pendrell found asbestos fibres on Owen Sanders ' body . You remove asbestos from an old building before you tear it down . It had to come from somewhere . ( clang ) Aghg sullyi Scully ! Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? ( thudding ) Mulder ? Mulder ! Mulder , are you OK ? ( running footsteps ) ( footsteps continue ) ( panting ) ( groans weakly ) It 's OK , IVlulder . I 'm here . OK ? Sorry , Mulder . ( groans ) 911 - Operator : This is Agent Dana Scully , FBI , requesting immediate EMS and police assistance . - I 'm in Liberty Plaza . - May I have your badge number ? My badge number ? JTTO331613 . ( grunts ) ( operator talking indistinctly ) No . ( groans weakly ) Liberty Plaza . There 's a demolition site on the north side of the street . Special Agent Dana Scully Held journal entry number 74 . Despite acute trauma to his pituitary gland , - -- _ .Marcus Duff was discharged early this morning from Mount Zion Medical Center He is expected to testify before a grand jury in the capital case against Samuel Aboah , - _ . _ .who is being charged with Hve counts of murder It remains uncertain , howeven .. . _ whetherAboah will live long enough to stand trial . His response to hormone therapy has been poo / 3-- - _ .his deterioration progressive . My conviction remains intact : _ - that the mechanism by which Aboah killed and , in turn , survived- - . _ .can only be explained by medical science . And that science will eventually discover his place in the broader context of evolution . But what science may never be able to explain ... _ .is our ineffable fear of the alien among us . A fear which often drives us not to search for understanding , ... _ .but to deceive , inveigle and obfuscate . To obscure the truth , not only from others , but from ourselves . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
