 I reviewed your case and your service record- - combat duty in Panama , Grenada , distinguished service in the Gulf , great triumph and great tragedies . It 's clear to me , Lieutenant Colonel , these suicide attempts of yours are simply just ... Cries for help . You 've tried and failed to kill yourself three times in as many weeks . Frankly , if you wanted to ... You don 't understand . He won 't let me . He won 't let me die . Who ? Who won 't let you die ? Just relax a moment . I 'll be back with something to help you sleep . Stand down , Lieutenant Colonel ! No ! Not this time ! Just let me go ! Oh , my God ! Where is he ? Down here . He 's in there . I told you . He won 't let me die . I don 't want to talk about it anymore . I told them and I told them , but they won 't listen . You mean they don 't believe you ? No , sir . You said in the report that at the time of the accident you believed somebody was in the room . It was no accident . Don 't you understand ? But this person saved your life- - is that right ? Look at me . Look ! I have no life . He took it all away . Do you have any idea who it is ? I never see him clearly , but he looks like a soldier- - always standing at attention . A GI ? Or one of Saddam 's boys come back to hold me accountable . Whoever it is , he knows my name . He speaks to you ? " Your time has come , " he said . Then he started taking it all away . What did he start taking away ? Everything . My wife , my children . And how did he do that ? How did ... ? He burned them alive . Now he makes me suffer because he won 't let me die . Agents Mulder and Scully ? May I have a word with you ? I 've been asked to have you suspend whatever investigation you 've begun here . Asked by whom , Captain ? General Callahan , Lieutenant Colonel Stans 's commanding officer . Is something wrong ? Protocol requires all criminal investigation of military personnel to be conducted through military channels and their superior officer . What ? We didn 't sign in at the front desk ? You 're in breach of code and procedure . Excuse me , but does General Callahan have a superior officer ? Ma 'am ? Assuming that we wanted to investigate him , who would we talk to ? Investigate him for what ? Whatever . General Callahan is the senior officer here . Well , then we 'd like to speak to him on our way out . I don 't know that he 's available . Ask him to make himself available . Tell him that it 's our protocol . In the meantime , we would like to finish up with Lieutenant Colonel Stans . You never know when he might try and kill himself again . Let 's finish this , Mulder . I keep having the same dream almost every night . I know a lot of crips have the same dream- - " the walk . " In my dream , I rise up out of my chair and I can stand , and I look down the hallway , only I 'm not in the ward anymore . I 'm at home . There 's my baby girl . Without even thinking about it , I take a step towards her and I take another step and I pick her up and I carry her outside on my own two feet . Outside is my little boy . We run together . Running . Me ... my legs like they were before . We play a little bit of football , I show him a few moves , you know , like the old man used to do , and then we just walk home . No crutches , no wheelchairs . I know I 'll never walk again , but this dream just seems so real . I can 't help but think that maybe someday ... Don 't hold your breath ! I think we 'd all be interested in your point of view , Leonard . Oh , you really want to know what I think ? I pity all you guys- - I really do- - with your handicap basketball and your wheelchair races . You all act like we 're ... we 're normal people . We are normal people . I don 't know if you 've had a look in the mirror lately , my friend , but you are missing a leg . I-I don 't have any . Where ... where 'd my arms go ? We all know how you feel . No , you don 't . How the hell could you possibly know how I feel ? There 's only one way you could ever know , and I can only pray to God that he 'll come down and take your legs and your arms away and give you a little taste of what it feels like ! Roach . I 'm sorry , gentlemen . Let 's begin again . What is it , Roach ? What 's what ? You got that I 'm-freaking-out look on your face . What 's the matter ? It 's nothing . Bull . I spent two years with your sorry ass in a gun turret . I think I know when you got something on your mind . Come on , Private , make your report . It 's the FBI , man- - they 're downstairs . They 're asking questions about the LC . The hell with the feds , all right , Roach ? You hear me ? The hell with them . Just forget about them . General . Sir ? Agents Mulder and Scully to see you , sir . Thank you , Captain . - General . - I want you to know I 've had the captain contact the Justice Department and let them know about the FBI 's gross misconduct here . I guess this isn 't a good time to thank you for seeing us , huh ? Let me assure you this matter will not go unaddressed . I would hope not , considering the extremity of Lieutenant Colonel Stans ' case . What case ? There 's no case . Stans is a very sick man . Yes , so we gathered- - but his file is missing several important facts which came out in our interview with him . I 'm sure everything germane to Stans ' situation is on file . Except for any mention of the death of his wife and two children in a house fire three months ago . Well , it was a tragic accident . No doubt . But there is no record of any criminal or arson investigation . Stans tried to save his family that night . Well , according to him , he was prevented from doing so by some kind of phantom soldier . Look , I 've known Stans a long time , and there 's no doubt that he has suffered terribly . Not unlike Staff Sergeant Kevin Aiklen . You know Sergeant Aiklen , isn 't that correct , sir ? He served under me in the Gulf , yes . Six months ago , Aiklen also lost his family to a house fire . Afterwards , he received psychiatric treatment for delusional behavior- - telling the doctors that he wanted to die but that somebody wouldn 't let him . Before throwing himself into a wood chipper on the hospital grounds . Now , unless that 's procedure and protocol , I 'd say the coincidence of detail has been rather strangely overlooked , sir . Hold on . Just who 's under suspicion here ? Look , I make no excuses for the sadness of these men 's lives . They are casualties of war , once brave men who we can do little but feel sorry for . If you think there 's more to it , you are seriously mistaken . That 's your conclusion , General , but I 'd hope you 'd allow us the opportunity to come to our own . You really think the general 's got something to hide ? No . I think he 's got everything to hide . You don 't think he 's just closing ranks to protect his men ? Mulder , I know it 's not what drew you to this case to begin with , but I think it 's very clear what 's going on here . What 's that ? The general is protecting his men , but what he 's protecting them from is prosecution for the murder of their families . Why would he do that ? I don 't know , but I can think of several good reasons . Because they were his soldiers and he feels somewhat responsible for the tragedies that have played out ? That could be one . Or maybe he knows the deeper secrets to their madness- - the biological weapons they were exposed to during the war- - cause of the effect . Considering the government 's absolute disavowal of Gulf War syndrome , I 'd say it 's a pretty good reason to prevent our investigation ... but you 're not buying it . No , what I can 't figure out is why a man who so deliberately and methodically set out to commit suicide would leave the one entrance to the room unsecured . But then again , I obviously have a feeble grasp of Army protocol and procedure . Come in . I want to apologize , sir . I didn 't mean to put you on the spot like that earlier . I know that , Captain . This whole situation is unfortunate . Is there anything more I can do ? No . Go home and get some rest . We 'll deal with it in the morning . Relax , Captain . That 's an order . Yes , sir . Your time has come , killer . All right , that 'll be fine . Thank you , gentlemen . General Callahan . One of the detectives is saying Captain Draper 's death wasn 't accidental . There are bruises around her neck and her shoulder roughly the size of finger marks . Then someone drowned her ? The bruises and surrounding edema are consistent with a struggle . Will you be contacting her family ? She had no family . The Army was her family . I 'm sorry . Truly . I talked with security personnel . Other than Captain Draper , they saw no one enter the pool last night and no one leave . But the officers are saying she was drowned . General , do you have a family of your own ? Yes . Why ? If the pattern we 've seen is at all consistent , you and your family may be in danger . Based on what ? The death of my adjutant ? Just keep an eye on them . Watch out for anything out of the ordinary . Mulder , you 're serious ? This is a military base , Scully . They 've got security everywhere and no one saw or heard a thing . It 's not so hard to believe . Her screams would have been muffled underwater . There would be no fingerprints . It also fits the M.O. of Lieutenant Colonel Stans 's phantom killer . Agent Mulder , what did you mean by that ? Well , just a word to the wise , sir . No . I mean , " anything out of the ordinary . " Any unusual or unexplained phenomena . Last night , I saw someone in my office . He said my name , but when I turned around , he was gone . Then my phone machine went all snakey again . Again ? That 's happened before ? No , not what I saw . But the phone calls , yes . Twice before at my home . Mom , mail 's here . Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! - Mom ! - What is it ? What is it , honey ? Mom , there was a man here . Who ? Oh , thank God you 're home . I was trying to reach you . Trevor saw someone in the house- - just a few minutes ago . Is he all right ? He 's upstairs in his room , but he 's terrified . I-I 'm shaking myself . Frances , these people are with the FBI . Is it about the break-in ? Why don 't you check on Trevor . I 'll be right up . Why ? What 's happening ? Frances , please . We 'll talk upstairs . This way . It just comes on . The phone doesn 't even ring . At first I thought it was a prank . Did you save the other ones ? No , I erased them . I even called the phone company- - had them check the line . They checked the whole house . They couldn 't find anything wrong . Have you noticed any other type of electronic interference like the radio or the television ? No . Nope , not a thing . There 's someone in the backyard . I saw someone out here- - I 'm sure of it . Look . You better call the police , General . You 're going to feel a little stick here . Yeah , that 's fine . I 'll be back in a little bit . It was too close , man , too close . I ain 't doing it anymore . - You understand ? - What ? I said I ain 't doing it anymore . You owe me , Roach . I wouldn 't be in this damn chair if it wasn 't for you . Hey ! This isn 't about you and me , man . This is about all the grunts and all the crips and all the boys that came home in a box ! The enemy must be defeated and we 're going to do it . You 're going to do your part , and I 'm going to do mine . Nurse ! Hey . What do you do , man , when I rap on the tank ? Get some , get some , fire at will . Good . You 're all right . Nurse ! Come on . This is killing me here . What a mess . You got to learn to sit still . How about you learn to do it right ? There . That ought to hold it . Find anything ? No , but I 'm really beginning to like the tape . Well , we 've been a bit luckier . Whoever 's targeted the general didn 't just leave footprints . They left fingerprints as well . Really ? Where ? Forensics just lifted two matching indexes and a thumb- - one on the mailbox next to the front door and one on the door leading to the backyard . We better go run them . They 're on their way to the NCIC as we speak . FBI ! Open the door ! - Hands up ! Hands over your head ! - Don 't shoot ! Don 't shoot , man ! - Okay , okay , okay , okay , okay , okay . - Turn around . Turn around . Put your hands down behind your back . Cuff him . Quinton Freely , you are under arrest for suspicion of murder . You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law . If you want an attorney , we 'll give you one . If you don 't ... " Captain Janet Draper . " " Staff Sergeant Kevin Aiklen . " " Lieutenant Colonel Victor Stans . " " General and Mrs. Thomas Callahan . " We 've got him , Mulder . Watch your left flank there . Okay . Trevor ? Hey , Trevor ! We have enough evidence to place you at each of the crime scenes . In addition to accessory to murder , you 're looking at conspiracy , breaking and entering , - commission of a felony on federal property ... - Can I get a cigarette ? - No . - We know you weren 't acting alone , Quinton . We know you had an accomplice . How did he do it , Quinton ? I don 't know . I don 't know what you 're talking about . How did he get past the guard ? How did he kill him ? Trevor was only eight years old . I don 't know . I didn 't kill anybody . I 'm just the mailman . What does that mean , you 're " just the mailman " ? I 'm ... Rappo 's mailman . Leonard Trimble , right ? If that 's the man they call Rappo . Well , that 's him . What 's he done ? He 's a suspect in two homicides . Rappo ? You must be making some kind of mistake . How 's that ? There . See for yourself . He 's a quadruple amputee . Damn it . He lied to us . He said he was a mailman . What did he mean by that ? I don 't know , but I 'm adding it to the list . Are you coming ? I 'll catch up with you later . He knows this place . He can find me here . He knows this place . He 's been here before ! I 'm not safe here ! Hey ! Keep it down in there . Let me out of here ! He 's going to kill me ! I 'm a dead man ! Let me out ! Let me out ! I 'm not going to tell you again . You 're going to kill me ! He 's here ! He 's ... here ! You don 't want to get him started again . He was pretty worked up about an hour ago . Not as worked up as I 'm going to be . Visitor . On your feet . God Almighty . - How did it happen ? - Suffocation . The bed sheet was stuffed down his throat . Nobody had been in the cell with him ? - He did it all by himself . - Not likely . - Not likely ? - Yeah , he had help , Scully , and he wasn 't lying , because I think the man that killed him was Leonard Trimble . - Rappo ? - Yeah . He can 't even walk , let alone kill somebody . You see this ? This is a dental X-ray plate . I know . You 've been walking around with it - since we got here . - No , actually , the ones I 've been walking around with , I already had developed at the hospital . See , this is the one I was carrying when we first met Stans , this one in the rehab room , in the pool , in the general 's office , and this one at the general 's house . All of them exposed to some kind of radiation . From what ? From Stans 's phantom soldier . I came down here wondering if it could be true , if what Lieutenant Colonel Stans was describing was a case of astral projection . What you 're saying is this man Rappo is leaving his body and floating around town killing people ? Practitioners claim that during a self-hypnotic trance the astral body can actually detach itself and float virtually anywhere , sometimes invisible but sometimes appearing as an apparition . They even claim that the astral body has psychokinetic capabilities far greater than the corporeal body . Mulder ... then why would he need Quinton Freely ? Maybe he needs a psychic connection to a place- - a thing or an object , a letter . That 's why Quinton called himself the mailman . It 's insane . Sometimes the only sane response to an insane world is insanity . You know anything about backwards masking ? You mean messages recorded backwards in songs ? Yeah , or on the general 's answering machine . Check this out . Your time has come , killer . Your time has come . ♪ ... polka ♪ ♪ You can steal a kiss to this polka ♪ ♪ She 'll be shy when first you try ♪ ♪ But by and by ♪ ♪ She 'll say " ja ... " ♪ Leonard Trimble ? No . It 's Fred Astaire . Mr. Trimble , we 'd like to ask you a few questions about Quinton Freely . Roach ? What 's he done now ? He 's dead . Hmm ... well ... serves him right . - How 's that ? - How 's that ? Oh , he 's only the guy who turned me into second base by getting my arms and legs blown off . Other than that , he was a real good guy . Then why 'd you kill him ? What 's wrong with this picture ? We read your medical records , Leonard . We know that you 've refused all efforts at rehabilitation . You 've even refused to be fitted with prosthetic limbs . Big deal . Maybe I don 't want any of that crap . Maybe because you don 't need it because you can leave your body any time you want , kill anybody you want to kill . If I could leave my body right now , I could think of something else I 'd rather be doing . Like kill General Callahan 's boy ? Lieutenant Colonel Stans 's family ? Sergeant Aiklen ? You 're a real trip . Oh , I 'm a trip ? Because I figured you out ? You 're a soldier . You knew what you were getting into when you enlisted . Now you want to blame everybody else . Why you want to blame your C.O. ' s ? I blame them for what happened to all of us . You don 't know what it was like . You ... you sat at home and watched the war on cable TV like it was a damn video game . You had no idea about the guys that died , about the blood and the sand- - what it feels like when a hit comes . The thing is you just don 't care , do you ? You got your crude oil . Just change that station , right ? Killer got his prime time . LC got his fancy little medals . Now take a good look at me . What did I get ? ! Nobody knows how I feel . They took my life away . Yeah , so you took theirs . If I only could . Now , if you 're through questioning me , I 'd like to get a little shut-eye . No sleepwalking . That 's good . I haven 't heard that one yet . Hardy-har-har . What do you want to do ? Call General Callahan and warn him to stay out of his house . Frances ? Honey , leave that . I ... I know how it upsets you when his toys are spread all over the place . We can handle this , Frances . I don 't want to handle this . I want my son back . Frances ! Oh ... My God . No one 's answering . The machine 's not picking up . General ? Lieutenant Colonel ? What are you doing ? You were right , victor . He won 't let you die . Sir ? He kills our wives and children , but he won 't let us die . I know who he is , General . I know who he is . General Callahan , sir . I 've been waiting for you . Who are you ? One of your boys , General . You killed my wife . That 's right , sir , I did . And the boy , too . Come on , killer . Come on , Killer Callahan , get some ! Get some ! Come on , killer , do it ! Fire at will ! Come on , killer , do it ! Come on , killer ! You can do better than that . Come on ! You 're going to suffer like the rest of us . Oh , you think I 'm going to let it end this way ? Do you ? Is that what you think ? General ? He wanted me to kill him . I stood down . I 'm done here . Scully ? He 's having some kind of a seizure . No , I don 't think so . Nurse ! General Callahan ! Killer ... Come on , killer . Your time has come . General Callahan ! General Callahan ! He 's non-responsive . Come on . Put him on the monitors and prep the crash cart . - He 's going into cardiac arrest . - Okay . And make sure the TV ... Lieutenant Colonel ! Uh ... get the keys . We have to open the door . Open the door ! Lieutenant Colonel , open the door ! General Callahan , are you hurt ? I 'm okay . No physical evidence was found linking Leonard Trimble to the deaths of General Callahan 's wife and son . Officially , the investigation remains open , the murders unsolved . Leonard Trimble 's family requested his burial at Arlington National Cemetery . The Army denied this request . Trimble was cremated , his ashes interred at a civilian cemetery in Tannersville , Pennsylvania . Leonard Trimble 's mission was not to kill his enemies , but to shatter their lives , to keep them alive to suffer the pain that he felt ... to see the view from his wheelchair . Amputees sometimes feel the pain of phantom limbs- - ghosts of hands still clenching , legs still aching . Is it not possible that Trimble developed a phantom soul- - a malevolent psyche that took its violent revenge on those he held accountable ? It was war that destroyed Leonard Trimble 's body ... but his wounds went deeper than the loss of his limbs . What destroyed those parts of him that make us human beings , those better angels of our nature ? I cannot say . I made this !
