 For the first time , I feel time like a heartbeat- - the seconds pumping in my breast like a reckoning ; the numinous mysteries that once seemed so distant and unreal threatening clarity in the presence of a truth entertained not in youth , but only in its passage . I feel these words as if their meaning were weight being lifted from me , knowing that you will read them and share my burden , as I have come to trust no other . That you should know my heart , look into it , finding there the memory and experience that belong to you , that are you , is a comfort to me now , as I feel the tethers loose and the prospects darken for the continuance of a journey that began not so long ago , and which began again with a faith shaken and strengthened by your convictions . If not for which , I might never have been so strong now , as I cross to face you and look at you incomplete , hoping that you will forgive me for not making the rest of the journey with you . Excuse me . Oncology ? Thanks . Scully ? I , uh ... I stole these from some guy with a broken leg down the hall . He won 't be able to catch me . How you doing ? I guess that 's the question . Actually , I feel fine . Good . What , uh ... what exactly are we looking at here ? It 's what 's called a naso-pharyngeal mass . It 's a small growth on the wall between the superior concha and the sphenoidal sinus . A growth ? A tumor . You 're the only one I 've called . Is it operable ? No . But it 's treatable . The truth is that the type and placement of the tumor make it difficult- - to the extreme . I refuse to believe that . For all the times that I have said that to you , I am as certain about this as you have ever been . I have cancer . It is a mass on the wall between my sinus and cerebrum . If it pushes into my brain , statistically , there is about zero chance of survival . I don 't accept that . Th-There ... there must be some people who 've received treatment for this . We can ... Yes , there are . This news comes as the worst kind of surprise , Agent Scully . I 'm sorry , very sorry . Thank you , sir . I don 't mean for this to be awkward . And I would appreciate it if we could keep this matter confidential . I understand . I assume you 'll be taking a leave of absence . No , sir . Actually , I 've asked my doctors to hold on to my medical records until Agent Mulder and I can exhaust a possible avenue of investigation . Investigation ? Last year , Agent Scully and I pursued a case in which a number of women , purported abductees , experienced similar symptoms after having implants removed from the base of their necks . A woman in Allentown , Pennsylvania , named Betsy Hagopian was undergoing treatment for a naso-pharyngeal tumor . We just haven 't been able to contact her yet . I 'm sure you 're aware we have contacts with the best physicians and medical facilities in the country . Yes , sir . But for my own reasons , I would like to pursue this through the Justice Department rather than as a personal matter . I 'm sorry- - no early birds . We 're not here for the garage sale . We 're looking for Betsy Hagopian . No one 's returning our messages . Sorry . Um ... Betsy 's passed away , just two and a half weeks ago . Are you a relation ? No . We 're with the FBI . Has there been some kind of trouble ? Betsy was part of a MUFON group . I don 't know . I 'm just the realtor . You mind if we come inside and take a look ? Hey , Scully , listen to this . There are two lines coming into this house . I noticed one was lit . Somebody 's sending a fax or a computer modem . Yeah , but who ? And to send what ? Somebody must have remote access to the system . They 're downloading data . Copying files . Let 's get a trace on them before whoever it is hangs up . Yeah . All right , 234 is listed under Kurt Crawford . I 'm going to check around back . Why don 't you see if you can get the manager . Stop ! Federal agent ! Hold it ! Put your hands where we can see them ! Is your name Kurt Crawford ? Yes . Scully ... What ? I 'm fine , Mulder . Quit staring at me . I 'm fine . You okay , Scully ? Yeah . I 'm just washing up . You took his cuffs off . He says he 's a member of the same Mutual UFO Network that Betsy Hagopian belonged to , that he was downloading files for safekeeping as Betsy had instructed him to . Then why did he run ? He thinks his life 's in danger . He thinks there 's a government conspiracy to suppress the information gathered in those files . You think he 's credible ? He seems to know an awful lot about what happened to Betsy and the other women in the MUFON group that you met at her house . Well , that will have to be cross-checked . We can 't . Why not ? How did they die ? Brain cancer- - all within the last year . All of them ? From the group you met , there 's only Penny Northern , and she 's in the hospital- - it doesn 't look good . What makes you think this is a conspiracy- - that the government 's involved ? What makes you think it isn 't ? 11 women are abducted- - all with similar recollections about the experience , all developing identical brain tumors , and all refused state or federal health care because of their insistence of the facts , and all dying within the space of a year . Scully , can I talk to you for a second ? I want you to listen to me . About what ? About what you won 't admit to yourself- - what you 're denying . What am I denying ? Where your cancer came from . Mulder , it doesn 't matter . It does matter . If what you have is a result of your abduction and that abduction is something the government knows about , then those are facts that should be brought to light . I don 't know what happened to me . I have no clear recollection . And I don 't think these abductions are even abductions . All these women are dead . No , they are not . One woman isn 't- - this Penny Northern . Mm-hmm . If you won 't listen to me , then I think you should go talk to her . About what ? What it feels like to be dying of cancer ? What it 's like to know that there 's absolutely nothing you can do about it ? If that 's too hard for you , then I think you should go as an investigator . You have one remaining witness , Agent Scully . I 'd think you 'd want to know what her story is . Dana . Hello . I 'm-I 'm sorry . Did somebody tell you that I was coming here to see you ? No . Then how did you know it was me ? I recognized you . I told you when we met last year . I held you and comforted you in the place- - after the tests . I 'm sorry . I don 't mean to be insensitive , but , uh ... I don 't share those memories . It 's all right . I 've come to ask you some questions . About Dr. Scanlon ? No . Who 's Dr. Scanlon ? He 's treating the cancer . He treated Betsy , too . He thinks he might have isolated the cause . And that if he 'd caught it earlier , he might have been able to do more for her . And for me . His name 's Scanlon ? Yes . What did you want to ask me ? Mulder . Mulder , it 's me . Where are you , Scully ? I 'm at the hospital with Penny Northern . Where are you ? I 'm at Betsy Hagopian 's going through some of those hard files before stuff starts disappearing . And call me an early bird , but I think I found something . Now , some of these women who have died , they 're childless and they 've been treated for infertility at a clinic about 30 miles from here- - Penny Northern and Betsy Hagopian among them . Mulder , that 's ... I 've made some phone calls , and I 've tried to get some information , but nobody is talking to me , so ... Mulder , I need you to come up here . Why ? Did you find something there ? I need you to bring the overnight bag from the trunk of the car , and I need you to call my mother and ask her to bring up some things to the hospital . Is there anything I should know ? Mulder , whatever you found , or whatever you might find , I think that we both know that right now the truth is in me ... and that 's where I need to pursue it . As soon as possible . I will be right there . Agent Mulder ? Agent Mulder ? Dana . I 'm Dr. Scanlon . We spoke last night on the phone . Yeah . Hi . Sorry . I was sleeping . I noticed . How 's your energy level generally ? Oh , well , you know , I ... I don 't ... I don 't feel sick at all . Your MRIs and your charts aren 't here yet , but I have an idea what to expect . You probably do , too , from your medical training . I know that the chemotherapy is going to make me sick . And the radiation . They 're both part of a high-dose approach to knock your system down so that we can attempt the gene therapy on P53 . You 're going to feel like dying . Dana . Hi , Mom . Hi . This is , uh ... this is Dr. Scanlon . Hi . Hi . I , uh ... I drove . I was going to take the shuttle , but it 's only an hour more by car . Can you imagine ? Mom ... I 'm fine . I 'm going to be fine . I 'm just here for treatment . I 'm going to go . I 've ordered some additional blood work , and I 'd like to start in this afternoon . Thank you . Mom , I know what you 're going to say , but I don 't have any experience being sick . I promise you , I feel fine . I feel ... I don 't know why you didn 't tell me . I don 't know why you didn 't tell me immediately ! I wanted to get all the answers first . And you found them here ? I have found some clarity . And maybe a way to fight back . I don 't want to be kept in the dark . You 'll know , Mom . You have always been the strong one . But you are my only daughter now . I know . Oh , Dana . In med school , I learned that cancer arrives in the body unannounced- - a dark stranger who takes up residence , turning its new home against itself . This is the evil of cancer- - that it starts as an invader , but soon becomes one with the invaded , forcing you to destroy it , but only at the risk of destroying yourself . It is science 's demon possession ; my treatments , science 's attempt at exorcism . Mulder , I hope that in these terms you might know it and know me and accept this stranger so many recognize but cannot ever completely cast out . And if the darkness should have swallowed me as you read this , you must never think there was the possibility of some secret intervention , something you might have done . And though we 've traveled far together , this last distance must necessarily be traveled alone . I 've got a gun pointed at your head . Turn around very slowly . Kurt Crawford . We seem to be traveling in the same circles these days . You can put the gun away . You disappeared with those files from Betsy Hagopian 's . I called you at least half a dozen times . I got to thinking you were a liar ; now tell me I 'm wrong . I 'm looking for the same thing that you are . I 've been trying to hack my way into that system , but I can 't seem to make it past the password protect . You think you can get access from here ? I need to find that password . " Vegreville . " We 're in . Dana ... Dana , it 's okay . It 's okay , Dana . You 'll be okay . Where am I ? You 're in your own bed now , Dana . You 're safe . I feel nauseous . It 's the chemo . The chemo is always the worst . I had a bad dream . Someone ... Someone was doing something bad to me . Mm . You were there . I heard your voice . They let me come to you during the procedures . I don 't know why . Human compassion is not something that they have . I 'm sorry , Penny . I can 't ... I can 't hear this right now . You 've got to try and make sense of it , Dana . It 'll help you through the pain . To understand why this is ... this is happening to you . I need you to set up a meeting for me . Hold all my calls . Where 's Agent Scully ? She 's in a hospital in Allentown beginning treatment . What happened to your investigative avenues ? They 've taken a turn- - a pretty big U-turn by the looks of it . This is a file directory from a federally operated fertility clinic . Agent Scully 's name is on this file . Although I 'm pretty sure- - pretty damn sure- - she 's never undergone treatment for infertility . What 's in the file ? I don 't know . It 's just a directory for a mainframe housed in the Lombard Research Facility . So you want to set up a meeting with whom ? Cigarette Man . I have no doubt in my mind he 's behind this . You 've come to me before like this , Mulder . Yeah , well , this is different . This is different . I 'm willing to deal now . Find another way . N-No . I need that meeting . You deal with this man , you offer him anything , and he will own you forever . He knows what they did to Agent Scully ! He may very well know how to save her ! If he knows , you can know , too , but you can 't ask the truth of a man who trades in lies- - I won 't let you . We are talking about Agent Scully 's life . Find another way . The Lombard system is a dedicated mainframe . Impossible to hack- - so they say . Well , how 'd you guys get in ? A modified clipper chip we cannibalized from a government surplus Army field encoder . We bought it back from the Chinese . But for all the work it took to get in , what we got on Agent Scully 's file- - we don 't know how much help it 's going to be . - What do you mean ? - It 's a gene code we 've seen before . Detected in Scully 's blood after her abduction . Does it tell us anything at all ? Normal DNA is inactive when in its helical form . When it 's unwound or branched like this one , that 's when it 's active , when it can mutate . It 's probably what made her sick . Why store something like this and why keep it a secret ? Scientists get funky about having their research poached . Somebody might be trying to find a cause . Or a cure . Theoretically . You guys ever been to the Lombard Research Facility ? Well , pick out something black and sexy , and prepare to do some funky poaching . It 's funny , I always thought of you as Fox Mulder 's patron . You 'd think under your aegis that he wouldn 't be consigned to a corner of the basement . At least he doesn 't take an elevator up to get to work . You think I 'm the Devil , Mr. Skinner ? I 'm not here to talk about what I think about you . Then why are you here ? Is it Mulder 's partner and her illness ? Is it terminal ? The cancer ? You tell me . Modern medicine today- - I hear they can perform miracles . I need a miracle . Well , you think a lot more of me than you let on , Mr. Skinner . What 'll it take ? For Agent Scully 's life ? What would you offer ? What 'll it take ? Well ... I 'll have to get back to you on that . Oh , Mr. Skinner which way is the elevator ? He 'll double back in 54 seconds . Frohike , where are you guys ? We 're in the " K " section of the storm drain where the communication system links up to public power . Stand by . Two minutes for a system check . We gots to go . We 're in motion . They 're in . Security cameras off-line . Patching in now . Smile , Byers . You 're on Candid Camera . Exterior security has been breached . Langly , are you reading this ? Redundant systems- - triple-shunt bypass . This is a toughie . You guys couldn 't spring for two of these ? Langly , what the hell is going on ? Mulder , this is going to take a moment . Boys , we have a problem . The doctor treating Scully 's cancer is on staff here . More mysteries await . Bypass is complete . Look , I need someone to get to Scully , to get her to stop treatment . Right now , you 're the only one who can do that . I have not written to you in the last 24 hours because the treatment has weakened my spirit as well as my body . Mulder , it 's difficult to describe to you the fear of facing an enemy which I can neither conquer nor escape . Penny Northern has taken a downturn . I now look at her with a respect that can only come from one who is about to walk the same dark path . Seeing her , I can 't help but see myself in a month or a year . I pray that I have her courage to face this journey . Mulder , I feel you close , though I know you are now pursuing your own path . For that , I am grateful , more than I could ever express . I need to know you 're out there if I am ever to see through this . Langly , where the hell am I going ? We 're losing you on the video feed , Mulder . Mulder ? You do anything , Frohike ? Nada . I didn 't touch a thing . Langly , can you hear me ? Langly , I can 't hear you . Open the door ! Open the damn door ! Agent Mulder , come in . You 're hybrids . Please come in so that we might explain . You 've been using me . Not at all . Your arrival was only coincident with the execution of our objective . What objective ? To subvert the project . The project that created us . I 've seen this boy before . These boys are you . We 're among the end results . And you want to destroy them ? No . What we want is the same thing that you want . What are these ? Human ova . Taken from whom ? What ? Harvested during her abduction through a high-amplification radiation procedure that caused ... superovulation . Why ? For fertilization . They constitute one-half of the necessary raw materials . For genetic hybridization . For reproduction . These women ... These women are your birth mothers . Barren now- - from the same procedure that caused their cancer- - and now they 're left to die . Their conditions hastened by the men running this project . You 're trying to save them . They 're our mothers . Mulder , are you there ? Copy . Langly , I can 't hear you . You got a security breach in section J-14 . You sure it 's not Byers ? No . I got Byers right here on my screen . Langly , help me out . I don 't know where I 'm going . You 're in a bio-quarantine wing leading to an exit . At the end of the hall , you 'll access a door to a bio-secure room . I 'm working on the locks now . Okay , Langly , Frohike , I 'm here . Open the door . The doors work on redundant systems . We 're working fast . Work faster ! Langly , open the door now ! Get me out of here ! Get me out of here now ! Almost there . Go ! Nurse . Nurse , Dana Scully 's supposed to be in her room . Where is she ? She 's not there ? - No . What happened to her ? - I don 't know . Well , who the hell does know ? - I ... - Mulder ! What happened to Scully ? I got to her . Where is she now ? Dr. Scanlon isn 't coming back ? No . I don 't think so , Penny . Dana ... I want you to get well . You 've been such a comfort . You 've got to be the one . You can 't give up hope . I haven 't . I won 't . She gone ? I 'm sorry . I know what she meant to you . When ... I came to find you , you weren 't in your room . I got scared that something had happened , and and I read some of what you wrote . I didn 't want you to read that . I had decided to throw it out . I decided tonight that , uh that I 'm not going to let this thing beat me . I came into this hospital able to work , and that 's how I 'm leaving . Byers tell you about Dr. Scanlon ? Yes . He may very well have killed those women . That will have to be proven , if we find him . When we find him . Scully , something was done to you- - something that you 're just beginning to remember . You can 't quite figure it out , but it can be explained and it will be explained . And no matter what you think as a scientist or a doctor , there is a way , and you will find it to save yourself . Mulder , I can 't kid myself . People live with cancer . They carry on . And so will I. You know , I 've got things to finish- - to prove to myself , to my family . But for my own reasons . Come on back . The truth will save you , Scully . I think it 'll save both of us . Skinner . Oh , I was leaving you a voice mail . It 's 5 : 30 . What are you ... ? I 'm working . How can I help you ? I want you to know that Scully 's doing okay . She says she 's coming back to work , actually . Good . That 's good to hear . I was calling to thank you for your advice- - about our chain smoking friend . I think you were right . We have to know what he knows . We just have to find another way . There 's always another way . Yes , I believe there is . If you 're willing to pay the price . I made this !
