 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Thanks , Mister . I 'll mail it right off . " Federal Bureau of Investigation . " ( police radio ) We 've got numerous bodies . We 're coming in for a closer look . Agent Mulder ! Was she here ? Is she here ? - Yes . The medics are all over her . - She 's alive ? They 're working on her now . Come on . An SAR chopper pilot found her in the woods with 50 other survivors . She has minor burns . Her fluids and electrolytes were abnormally depleted . Sullyi She 's in vasogenic shock . You gents are in the way . She needs to get to a hospital . On three ? One , two , three . What happened here , Agent Mulder ? The answerjust got loaded onto that chopper . Can I talk to you , please ? Is she here ? Was she found ? Whc ? - Agent Spender ? - My mother . I 'm fairly certain it 's not a question of dosage . We 've administered three intramuscular injections over the past 20 hours since we found her on the roadside . - And you 've seen no effect ? - No . It doesn 't look good at all . - What time is it ? - " What time is it ? " It 's time to thank your lucky stars . - Why are you laughing ? - I 'm not laughing at you . I 'm just very happy to be standing here talking to you . - IVlulder , what am I doing here ? - You were airlifted here in vasogenic shock . From what ? You 've got some first-degree burns and scorching on your hands and face . - From what ? - You don 't remember ? Mulder ... - Is any of this coming back to you ? - I was there ? - Doing what ? - I was hoping you were going to tell me . ( door opens ) You shouldn 't be elevated until we can get your blood pressure back up . - She really needs her rest . - I 'll come back . Mulder ... They didn 't find her . She wasn 't among the victims . They only found her wheelchair . - I 'm sorry . - What were you doing with her ? What makes you think we have anything to do with this ? My mom 's a cripple . She hasn 't driven a car for I don 't know how long . They found her wheelchair 130 miles from the hospital , where , I 'm told , Scully was meeting with her . - Look ... - No , you look ! She 's my mother . She 's not some test subject of yours . - Your mother will be found . - All I want is for you to leave it alone . Is that too much to ask ? You 're probably thirsty . ( coughs ) Remind me to complain to the captain about the service . - You may have that opportunity . - ( coughing ) This ship is bound back to Vladivostok tomorrow . I gather there 'll be quite an enthusiastic homecoming . - Do you have the boy ? - No . Ms Covarrubias took him . Your alliance with her was as misguided as ours . But it appears she was unaware of the consequences of her deception . You were clever . Infect the boy to ensure infection of anyone who tried to learn what he Knows , who would cheat you . - Then where 's the boy ? - Dead . Victim of another mysterious holocaust , unable now to tell what he knew or saw . So you 've got no choice but to deal with me . I 'm afraid there 's no deal to be made . I 'm the only one who knows what those incidents are , and what they mean . I know what that boy saw . You 've as much as told me what I need to know . - You know nothing . - If the boy was your trump card , why infect him unless you could also cure him with a vaccine developed by the Russians ? One that works ? It would mean that resistance to the alien colonists was now possible . - You 're dreaming . - Do you have the vaccine ? - You need what I know . - Do you have the vaccine ? ! Give you the means to save Covarrubias , after what she did ? The means to save yourself . I don 't know what to say . I mean , I don 't have the first clue . There 's nothing here . You 're not alone . None of the other survivors have been able to give a cogent account . Mulder , I have never been here . I couldn 't tell you how to get here , let alone drive it . Do you remember when you last saw Cassandra Spender ? She was there too ? I ran more x-rays . I haven 't told anybody yet what I found , though . You found more implants ? That would explain how you were directed to the site and why you can 't remember . That would explain the sensation Cassandra Spender described and Skyland Mountain . I bet it wouldn 't explain why they would want to kill me . And it doesn 't explain why I survived . It all comes down to a question . One that nasn 't been answered or honestly addressed . Who made that chip in your neck ? That chip was found in a military research facility . Our government made that chip , implanted it in your neck as part of a secret military project to develop a biochemical weapon , to monitor your immunity or to destroy you like a lab rat if the truth were to be exposed . Your cancer , your cure ... Everything that 's happening to you now ... It all points to that chip . The " truth " I 've been searching for ? That truth is in you . Mulder , when I met you five years ago , you told me that your sister had been abducted ... By aliens . That that event had marked you so deeply that nothing else mattered . I didn 't believe you , but I followed you on nothing more than your faith that the truth was out there . Based not on fact , not on science , but on your memories that your sister had been taken from you . Your memories were all that you had . I don 't trust those memories now . Whether you trust them or not , they 've led you here . And me . But I have no memories to either trust nor distrust . And if you ask me now to follow you again , to stand behind you in what you now believe , without knowing what happened to me out there , without those memories , I can 't . I won 't . If I could give you those memories , if I could prove that I was right and that what I believed for so long was wrong ... Is that what you really want ? Facial scarrings appear to be self-mutilation . Done as protection . Protection against what ? Infection by the black oil . He was the lone survivor of a crashed spacecraft at a military base in West Virginia . - What the hell is he ? - An alien rebel . This is what the boy saw in Russia . The last face the dead saw at Skyland Mountain , and most surely who killed our man at the dam in Pennsylvania . He is a resistance fighter against the alien colonists . This is what Alex Krycek knew - that a war had begun . What good was that knowledge ? Without the vaccine for the black oil , no one can survive . We have a vaccine . Developed by the Russians , stolen by Krycek , given to me . You see what this means ? Resistance is possible . We have the weapons and the magic in hand . - We don 't know the vaccine works . - It will . And if it doesn 't , we have a new alliance to be made . - Side with the resistance ? - Suicide . They 'll squash us , as they do them . We must turn the rebel over . But first , wait till we know the vaccine works . ( knocks on glass ) Hi , Dana . it 's nice to meet you again . Are you OK with this ? I 'm OK . There are a few things I want to say I didn 't touch on over the phone . I 'm sure Agent Mulder told you about how this works . - Have you ever been hypnotised ? - Once . But , I have to be honest with you , I didn 't have much luck . Well , I hope we can do better today . I 'm going to be using something a little different . You may have heard of hypnagogic trance , which is just a light trance state where we relax some of the filtering processes . OK ? I 'm going to ask you to go back to the place we talked about on the phone . Just close your eyes and take long , deep breaths , relaxing all parts of your body . Long , deep breaths , relaxing your hands and your feet . Relaxing yourjaw , your pelvis . Long , deep breaths . Back to the night place . ( Scully ) I don 't think this is working . Oh , my God ! Oh , my God . Oh , my God ... Where are you , Dana ? I 'm ... I 'm with the others . - Are you in the night place ? - Yes . And then ... And then it was gone . Ohh ! - ( WerbeU What is it , Dana ? - it 's , uh ... - They 're back . - Who ? They 're ... they 're on fire ! Oh , God . They 're setting them on fire ! I can 't _ _ _ - Who ? Who 's doing this ? - Their faces ... They have no faces . I mean ... they have no eyes . Oh , God . They 're coming at us . They 're surrounding us . They won 't stop . They won 't stop it . There 's ... there 's another one . There 's another ship . They see it . - They were attacking them . - ( WerbeU Attacking who ? The faceless men . They 're _ _ _ Oh , my God . I Crucially .. Do you want to stop , Dana ? No . Now it 's coming at us . Oh , my God ! No ! Cassandra ! Where is Cassandra ? They 're taking her . They 're ... Oh , my God ! - I can 't _ _ _ - ( WerbeU Dana . Dana , I 'm going to stop now . - I want you to open your eyes . - No , I ... I want you to open your eyes , Dana , and come on back . Dana , I want you to open your eyes and come on back to us . OK . ( Scully breathes heavily ) You 've been here the whole time ? I , uh , reviewed the tape of the session , as you requested . I have to say , I wasn 't prepared for what I heard on this . - No , sir . Neither was I. - Agent Mulder ? I 'm familiar with regression and Dr Werber 's work . I 've heard hundreds of those types of abduction scenarios . - What do you make of this one ? - The imagery is startling but not atypical . Bright lights , weightlessness , lost time expressed as a close encounter , an abduction , religious rapture as a dark night of the soul . " Expressed " ? Described , and then interpreted into a linear narrative , a Gestalt impression of a subjective nonlinear experience . - And your interpretation ? - Agent Scully witnessed a powerful event . Not unlike the one I described on my regression tape of the false memory of my sister 's abduction . Agent Scully ? I 've listened to the tape several times , and I don 't have a clear recollection of what I hear myself saying . But I also don 't see any reason why I 'd be saying it . I 've got a problem . I have to head up the investigation into this incident . I don 't have the luxury of interpretation . I have to make a report . That report must state a reason or cite a fact , or at least make an assumption . As I sit here right now , I 'm unable to do that . I need to know what happened . - It was staged . - To ? To test a classified military project , or to cover it up . - So what happened to Cassandra Spender ? - She was taken aboard a military aircraft , as part of the staging . Over the past five years I 've doubted you , only to be persuaded by the power of your belief in extraterrestrial phenomena . I 'm doubting you now , not because of that belief , but ... Because extraterrestrial phenomena is frankly the more plausible explanation . Then I suggest you put that in your report . - The vaccine has no effect . - We must give it time . We must survive first . Survival means collaboration . Turn over the alien rebel and you turn over any chance of resistance . It 's already been done . I heard about this office . It really is in the basement . - I 'm here about my mother . - Well , we don 't know anything more . I spoke with Dr Werber . He said you 'd been to his office . - Did he say why ? - No . He didn 't have to . I 'm assuming , knowing the facts I do , that you 're wondering about the possibility of alien abduction . I 'm sure you know enough about it . Agent Mulder surely pushed the idea . No , actually , Agent Mulder hasn 't . I find that hard to believe . I thought you were here about your mother . You went to see her . I 'd like to know what you talked about . We talked about how she was feeling . We talked about a lot of things . You talked about abduction ? About her experiences ? - Did you talk about me ? - In what way ? I have something here that I think might explain a lot for you . And there 's a bright light . There 's people standing around . That 's me . I 'm 11 years old . _ .in the sky where the bright light is . I 'm starting to cry . I 'm really really scared and I wanna get back in the can but I can ? End my mom . And then I see hen There 's something in the sky and it 's all flashing lights . It 's so bright , it hurts my eyes . And then she 's going up in the sky . I 'm yelling " Mommy Mommy Mommy " . And then I feel my feet , and they aren ' t on the ground . I 'm floating up . - ( turns video off ) - Seen enough ? Is that what you 're afraid people will find out ? Yes . But not because it 's true . - None of this happened . - I don 't understand . I made it up . Or , I should say , my mom did . - She told you to say those things ? - Essentially . She told me that story so many times that I believed it . Absolutely . It became a kind of truth . - And it was really just a substitute . - For what ? For the fact that my dad had left his family and it drove my mom insane . Only I was 11 years old and I didn 't know it . Why are you here , Agent Spender ? - Why did you show this to me ? - Because I think the process is bogus . Dr Werber and his whole regression of memory is BS . It 's like having a dream and then pretending it 's real . I think that Dr Werber would beg to differ . He indulged and infantilised my mother for his own purposes . I think he 's dangerous and his methods are unsound . If you went through it , I hope you 'd question the results . I appreciate your opinion , but I don 't have a mother feeding me abduction stories . You 've got Agent Mulder , don 't you ? How many times have you heard the stories he 's told ? How about the one about his own sister ? Don 't let yourself be used . You must be losing it , Mulder . I could beat you with one hand . Isn 't that how you like to beat yourself ? If those are my last words , I can do better . I 'm not here to kill you , Mulder . - I 'm here to help you . - Hey , thanks . If it wasn 't in my best interests , I 'd happily squeeze this trigger . What 's stopping you ? Hear this , Agent Mulder . Listen very carefully , because what I 'm telling you is deadly serious . There is a war raging , and unless you pull your head out of the sand , you and I and five billion other people are gonna go the way of the dinosaur . I 'm talking planned invasion . The colonisation of this planet by an extraterrestrial race . I thought you were serious ! Kazakhstan , Skyland Mountain , the site in Pennsylvania , they 're alien lighthouses where the colonisation will begin , but where now a battle 's being raged . A struggle for heaven and earth , where there is one law : fight or die . And one rule : resist or serve . - Ser \ / e who ? - Not " who " . " Wha 'L " . Krycek , you 're a murderer , a liar and a coward . Just because you stick a gun in my chest , I 'm supposed to believe you 're my friend ? Get up . I was sent by a man . A man who knows , as I do , that resistance is in our grasp . And in yours . The mass incinerations were strikes by an alien rebellion ... To upset plans for occupation . Now , one of these rebels is being held captive . And if he dies ... so does the resistance . ( In Russian ) ( knock at door ) Come in . - Mulder ? - Huh ? What are you doing sitting here in the dark ? Thinking . - Thinking about what ? - The usual . Destiny . Fate . How to throw a curve ball . The inextricable relationships in our lives that are neither accidental nor somehow in our control either . I 've just taken a long walk , and I 've reconsidered that I may have been wrong about what I believed happened to me . I have been doing some reconsidering of my own . - What is this ? - Maybe an answer ... To a question you and I seem to have been destined to ask . - Yes , sir ? - We 're federal agents , requesting permission to enter . Do you have any paperwork , Agent Ivluldar ? It 's Mulder . I wasn 't aware that any special authorisation was needed . The nature of our facility and the hazardous chemicals here mean I can only allow pre-cleared personnel on base . Are you aware that there 's been a leak in contamination in a lab , and the personnel inside need immediate medical attention ? - No , sir . I wasn 't . - Why don 't you check on that ? I 'd hate for somebody to die because you were uninformed . - Buckle up , Scully . - He 's armed and well within his jurisdiction . - I know this man . - Who ? That driver . I know his face . They do not have any authority to be here . Place them under military arrest . Yes , sir . Stop that truck ! Get out of the car . You 're under arrest . This is West Gate . I 've got a security breach and possible hijacking of a military vehicle . ( brakes ) No ! What happened ? I don 't know . Agent Spender _ Sir . I 'm sorry . There 's been no news about your mother . I appreciate you wanting to keep this discreet . I 'll try and do that . But you should know Agent Mulder has opened an X-File on this case . This hasn 't reflected on you in any way , Agent Spender _ - Thank you , sir . - You 'll do fine . It seems you have a patron outside this office who thinks highly of you . - Who 's that ? - I don 't know . Someone working with a high level of influence . Oh , Agent Spender . Got a letter for you . Sorry about that , Mister . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
