 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( announcer ) We interrupt this programme for breaking news ( anchorman ) 90 miles is how far ofHcers of the Nevada Highway Patrol have pursued the blue car on your screen in a wild chase right through the heart of Elko , at speeds approaching 100 miles an hour Live on the scene is Chuck Pickering in the " Fox 11 News " chopper : Chuck , what can you tell us ? Benjamin , we ' re heading west following Route 766 , where it feeds off the I-80 . Just under an hour ago , troopers attempted to pull over the blue can which we understand is stolen . That occurred on the 80 east of Wells . Since then , this driver has stopped for nothing and nobody . - ( Benjamin ) Any word yet on the driver ? - Not at this time . What we do think , and what we 've passed on to the highway patrol , is that , from our vantage point , we see another person in that can See ? Right there - a hand . It just moved . See , in the back seat ? Now , we could possibly have a hostage situation here , and obviously the sooner they bring this vehicle to a stop ... ( sirens ) ( piercing tone ) Unit Six ready at milepost 13 . ( man over radio ) Coming your way Six . ( Chuck ) That did the trick . The automobile seems to be coming to a stop . ( Benjamin ) What did they use ? ( Chuck ) It looked to be a tyre-puncturing chain . Now the ofHcers are approaching the can One of them has opened the door ; and he has hold of the suspect . He 's pulling him out . He doesn 't seem to have a weapon . ( Benjamin ) It looks like he doesn 't want to get out of that can Vicky ! Vicky ! - ( ofHceU Ma 'am ? - Please get it out of my head . Let me go ! Vicky ! Vicky ! NO ! NO ! ( Benjamin ) The hostage is OK . The highway patrol has hen - It looks like that driver is still Hghting . - ( Chuck ) He is putting up a Hghzi He seems to be a man with a few choice words on the subject , as you can see . They 're trying to restrain him . We ' ll get a wider angle . See , there 's the woman . What the heck ? She 's . _ _ Vicky ! Vicky ! ( Chuck ) There , see ? She 's banging her head against the window . What the hell just happened ? - Yeah ? - Uh ... Virgil Nokes ? I 'm Agent Scully . This is Agent IVlulder . We 're with the FBI . - Jehovah 's Witness ? - No , sir . Federal Bureau of Investigation . But we do have a free copy of The Watchtower for you , if you like . This is just a routine check . We understand that you recently ordered 5,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate fertiliser . Oh , you people . Come on in . - Sugar beets . - Excuse me ? I grow sugar beets . I got better things to do with my fertiliser than go around blowing government buildings sky-high . Yeah , well , as we said , sir , this is just routine . So routine it numbs the mind . I 've got my ag card and my papers around here somewhere . Help me look for ' em , will ya ? As we reported earlier a wild police pursuit ended in tragedy with the death of a 36-year-old female hostage . This was the scene west of Elko , Nevada , one hour ago ... Hey , Scully , take a look at this . We want to warn our viewers this footage is extremely graphic . ( reporter ) The hostage is inside the can It appears that she 's banging her head against the window . ( anchorman ) At this time , oflicials are refusing to identify the woman or to speculate on how she died . They stress it was not the result of a gunshot . A preliminary coroner 's report isn 't expected for a day . Meanwhile , residents of northern Nevada ... Thank you , Captain . That 's no problem . We 'd be happy to help . IVlm-hm . - We 'll be happy to help what ? - See you soon . - We 're not going to Nevada . - Come on , one quick side trip . No . We have a whole new assignment . Running down people that buy fertiliser ? This is bozo work . This is the FBI equivalent of wearing an orange jump suit and picking up trash . They mean to humiliate us . Look , Mulder , like it or not , humiliated or not , we 're on domestic terrorism now . And yes , this is a punishment . But if we wanna get back , we have to follow orders . We can 't freelance . You saw the news . What did you make of that ? The obvious assumption is she was shot , regardless of what the police say . Maybe it was a sniper . In the captain 's words , " She just sorta popped . " What about this guy who tried to take her hostage - her husband ? Looked to me like he was trying to warn the cops before she died . The sun will rise in America tomorrow , regardless of whether we 're at a farm investigating yet another enormous pile of doo-doo . We can be in and out in a day . Nobody has to know . ( door clangs ) ( tone ) Somebody ! Please ! It 's starting ! Somebody ! Why can 't we see him ? Hopefully later . He pitched quite a fit in his cell , screamin ' a bunch of nonsense that we were gonna kill him like his wife . - He 's not a particularly stable individual . - He may need medical attention . He 's getting it . Our doctor 's with him now . I mean , after whatever happened to his wife , which I 'd like to stress was not our fault , we 're not gonna take any chances . Patrick Garland Crump of Montello , Nevada . ( Mulder ) 40-year-old roofer , no history of mental illness . - No prior record . - He 's got one now . That Barracuda he jacked on the Utah state line ? He yanked some teenager out of the window , threw his wife in the back and took off . Excuse me . What do you think ? I 'm thinking , while we 're here , I might take a look at Mr Crump 's wife . I 'm gonna stay here and see if I can see Crump . - Captain ? Where 's Montello ? - Little town right here . So that 's where it started . That 's Crump 's home . Then he headed east in this direction , on the 5 , about ten miles to the Utah border , where he stole the car . You got it . But you caught up with him in Wells . Where 's that ? That 's here . He started in this direction , then all of a sudden he turned around and he headed west to Wells . Why ? The former Vicky Jenkins Crump . I 'm hoping you can tell me what I 'm looking at , cos this is a new one on me . There 's no gunpowder residue . No carbon stippling _ There seems to be no evidence of an entry wound . There is none . It 's all exit . But how that could be ... I 'm finding fragments of petrous bone embedded in the remaining portion of the auditory canal . I seem to be looking through to the osseous labyrinth , or what 's left of it . It 's almost like a little bomb went off in her ear . _ May I - Please . Seems to be some kind of tumefaction within the lateral sinus . ( man ) Can you give us a little room here ? He just went rammy on me . Accu-Check is normal . We did a Narcan push . He keeps getting worse . IV beta-blocker and topical nitro . I don 't know if you 're gonna get to talk to this fella . Five 's a crowd , buddy . ( siren ) ( monitor beeping rapidly ) ( beeping slows ) Something must have worked . Heart rate 's dropping . BP 's headed south . - I don 't understand . What 'd you just do ? - Hell if I know . But I 'll take it . ( cellphone ringing ) Come on , Mulder . Hey , you , out ! This lab is quarantined ! Go ! - Mulder ? - Yeah ? Mulder , it 's me . You know how to pick ' em , I 'll tell you that . I have no idea what killed this woman , but I assume it 's communicable . Yeah ? Another body was found outside of Montello _ Same apparent cause of death : a massive aneurysmal rupture . - Uh-huh . - I 've called the CDC . They 're on their way . But Patrick Crump may be infected , so you need to quarantine him , and make sure that anybody who has had any contact with him is quarantined as well . And that means you , Mulder . You 're to have no contact with him whatsoever . Mulder ? Well , that 's gonna be a little tough , Scully . ( sirens ) Drive . ( cellphone rings ) - Where are they ? - Route 789 , heading west . We 're keeping ' em in visual , plus We 're in phone contact . Not to mention the strings we pulled to keep this off local TV . - Where are they going ? - Crump won 't say . Wherever it is , though , he ain 't getting there . - Roadblock ? - East of Tuscarora - Nice , clean , remote space we can own . - All right . I want the CDC on site . I want the officers making the arrest to be wearing level two anti-contamination suits . I want the car decontaminated , also Agent Mulder and Crump , - and I want them quarantined separately . - You got it . Crump says that if we don 't pull back our escort , he 's gonna shoot your partner . Just leave me the hell alone ! Now ! How about if we just pull over and let me out , too , huh ? - I must be cramping ' your style . - Just shut up . It 's you people . Figures . - What figures ? - Shut up . ( cellphone rings ) - Damn . - Hey ! No ! No ! - That is so stupid , Crump . That is so stupid . - Shut up ! You shut up and drive . You understand ? What the hell are you doing ? I 'm composing a sonnet . I 'm slowing down for a light . Go ! Go ! ( car horns ) Crump ? Is this what happened to your wife ? This same thing ? If you stop movin ' , you die ? I think I saw this movie . Why didn 't you tell anybody ? Why didn 't you tell the police ? Sure . I don 't know how well you recall the last 30 seconds , but your life is in my hands , - regardless of that gun . - it 's right here , boy . Tell me everything . That 's the only way I can help . - You people put me here ! - Shut up ! I 'm guessin ' we got two miles before the roadblock . - What roadblock ? I got rid of the cops . - Check your window . Man , if we get stopped ... ( police radio ) Police should be advised pursuit now headed west on 80 . 14 , come in . 14 , be advised , vehicle is headed your way . ( helicopter pilot ) Subject turning off east of your position and is heading north . - Looks like he 's gonna miss you . - Say what ? - What 's the report , Captain ? - They lost ' em _ They were last seen on a forestry service road . Our helicopter lost sight of ' em _ How did Crump know to avoid the roadblock ? That 's the question . I was hoping your Agent Mulder would manage to steer him toward it , but ... Maybe Mulder steered him away from it . - Why would he do that ? - Maybe he knew something that we don 't _ ( man ) Agent Scully ? I 've got the cell filters from the second victim . Anything ? So far I 'm seeing no evidence of infection in either victim . So then we 're in the clear ? No , no , not necessarily . I mean , something killed these people . ( cellphone ) - Scully . - ( woman ) Agent Scully ? Please hold for Assistant Director Kersh _ - ( sighs ) - ( Kersh ) Agent Scully . - Yes , sir ? - How 's southern Idaho ? Agent Scully ? Southern Idaho ? Think carefully . Sir , I am not currently in the state of Idaho . No , you 're not . In the course of prosecuting our assignment in Idaho , Agent Mulder and I came across a situation in Nevada , which we both felt needed our immediate attention . I eagerly await your report . In the meantime , agents of our Las Vegas field office will be available to assist you in tracking down Agent IVlulder . Thank you , sir . Oh , Agent Scully ... At this point , I want to see him alive even more than you . Can I see that for a minute ? - This man worked reading meters . - Yes . What if he read the meter at Vicky Crump 's place ? Crump ? Crump , what else can you tell me about what 's happening to you ? Mr Crump . You call me by my last name , you say " Mr " in front of it . - " Mr. " Gotcha . - Not Crump . Mr Crump . I can think of something else I 'd like to call you . I could put " Mr " in front of that too , if you 'd like . What kind of name is Mulder anyway ? What is that , like ... like Jewish ? Excuse me ? Jewish . It is , right ? It 's Mr Mulder to you , you peanut-pickin ' bastard . Mr Crump , what can you tell me about what 's ha ... Argh ! - What ? - You 're goin ' ... the wrong way . - What do you mean , it 's the wrong way ? - Go this way ! I can 't go ... I can 't go left . There 's only trees there . Crump . ( Crump moans ) ( car horn ) Crump . It 's west , huh ? West . You gotta head west . It 's like with your wife . You took her and you headed west . It 's not just motion . It has to be in one direction . Is that right ? What the hell happened to you ? OK . I want a thorough search , with an eye to the usual disease vectors . ( man ) You got it . ( dog barking ) I think we 're witnessing the same pathology here . - We need to get a blood sample . - Yeah . Let 's go . ( man ) Hold him ! Get him on his side ! Hold him down ! You gotta hold him still . ( Scully ) I 'm gonna sedate him . - ( Mulder ) You woke up . Then what ? - We have been through this . You woke up this morning , but you didn 't go to work . Why ? Itwas raining ' . You don 't shingle in the rain . I was up at six reading ' the paper . What was your wife doing ? Cookin ' , man . Breakfast . She was just puttin ' breakfast on the table when , uh ... - You looked up . - I looked up and I saw that she had this nosebleed she didn 't even know she had . - What caused it ? - What am I ? I 'm , like , Quincy ? How the hell should I know what caused it ? It just happened . Ten , 15 minutes later , she just ... starts getting sick . Says she got a headache that just keeps gettin ' worse and worse . She starts ... screamin ' . I didn 't know what the hell to do . I just , uh ... I got her in the truck and was takin ' her to the hospital . But then it seemed like the faster we went , the better she 'd do . Butjust as soon as I 'd try to slow down or stop ... I 'm sorry about your wife . Sure you are . You and the rest of your Jew FBI . - Cmmpu - You think I don 't know , huh ? You think I 'm just some ignorant pudknocker , don 't you ? But I get it , man ! I see what this is ! I am not sick and I do not have the flu . Vicky and me were just some kinda ... government guinea pigs . - You think the government did this ? - Hell , yeah . Who else ? You see it all the time on the TV . They 're droppin ' Agent Orange . They 're puttin ' radiation in little retarded Kids ' gonads . You sons of bitches sneakin' around my woods at night . I seen you . You think I don 't know ? On behalf of the international Jewish conspiracy , I need to inform you that we 're ... almost out of gas . ( man ) The trailer looks clean . No readily apparent vectors . Dogs , housewives ... whatever this thing is , it doesn 't discriminate . There are zoonotic pathogens which spread among species . Look at that . The Crumps have a neighbour . ( knocking ) Hello ? Hello ? Doctor . Hello ? Hello ? ( screams ) Oh , no ... it 's OK , ma 'am . - Who are you ? - It 's all right . Sorry . Go away ! Go away ! ( mumbles ) It 's OK ... It 's OK . ( Mulder ) OK , Crump , we got about one more mile . I 'll make it fast . You ready ? Here goes nothin ' . Turn on the pump ! Number four ... three ! Number three ! Turn it on ! You gotta pay before you pump , buddy . Hey ! Dammit , that 's my car ! Where in the hell do you think you 're going ? Dammit , stop ! Stop ! ( elderly woman mumbling ) ( woman ) We 'll take care of you . Watch your step . We just have to examine you ... One deaf woman survives unscatned while everything else around her dies . Why ? Wait . What are you doing ? The pathology of this thing ... it affects the inner ear . And this area right here is ground zero . What if what we 're looking for is some kind of a sound ? Seriously ? ( cellphone rings ) - Scully . - it 's Van Gelder . I don 't know what your partner 's thinking . Not only is he actively evading my officers , now he 's stolen a car . - Come again ? - You heard right . He left behind a crazy note addressed to you . - You there ? - Yeah , yeah , yeah . Read it to me . " Crump 's sick . Will die if stopped . " " Same as wife . Must head west to keep alive . No roadblocks ... " Exclamation point . - This make any sense to you ? - Take him at his word . Let him through . Let him through ? Look , no of fence , Agent Scully but how about you running it by your superiors ? I think they 'll say different . I 'll take that under advisement Agent Scully you 're breaking up ... ( static ) Faster . - I 'm doing 70 . - You gotta go faster . It 's getting worse . Yeah . Yeah , that 's good . OK . Hey , uh ... The Jew stuff ... No of fence . I mean , a man can 't help who he 's born to . That was an apology , right ? Gee , I don 't know if I can see to drive , my eyes are tearin ' up so bad . Whatever , man . Why you doin ' this ? - Why am I doin ' what ? - This . It 's not in your interest to make me question that . How do I know you ain 't doin exactly what they want you to ? Hm ? Drivin ' me all around creation , experimentin' on me . How do I know it ain 't that ? I guess you don 't . I ain 't sayin ' you are . I 'm just saying it 's no way to treat a man . Take away his dignity like that . It ain 't right . Betterjust to kill him . That 's all I 'm sayin ' _ You gotta stay alive to stick it to the government . If you die , they 're off the hook . Am I right ? - Huh ? - You 're right . You 're damn straight . We 'll figure this out . Better figure quick . We 're runnin ' out of west . Lieutenant Breil ? My name is Dana Scully . I called regarding the electrical equipment the navy maintains in IVlontello . I don 't know if there 's miscommunication between you and your Washington office ... My Washington office ? I was under the impression I 'd explained this to the FCC 's satisfaction . I 'm ... I 'm so sorry to make you run through it again , uh ... For my official report to the FCC . At 6.17 yesterday morning , during a test of our ground conduction radio system , a situation arose in which our equipment experienced a brief power surge . That 's what interrupted television reception in the four-state area . Steps have been taken to ensure this won 't happen again . The ground conduction radio , that would be Project Seafarer ? The specifics of what we do are classified . Sure . Sure . Would you happen to know what effect such a surge might have on an organism ? Say , um ... say a human being ? - Theoretically speaking . - Theoretically speaking ... That 's classified as well , ma 'am _ - Cmmp - Mr Crump . Mr Crump . What is it , Mr Mulder ? Mulder . Are you OK ? Yeah , aside from cellphone withdrawal , and I gotta pee . Where are you ? I 'm about to board a Justice Department jet . Hopefully , I 'll overshoot you . - Headed where ? - I don 't know . You tell me . I 'm guessing wherever Route 36 ends , but we can 't stop and I 'm kind of at a loss as to what to do next . I think I have a loose theory as to what caused this . - Well , lay it on me . - OK . You know what ELF waves are ? Extremely low frequency radio transmissions ? Use an antenna , like , 50 miles long . The military uses it to communicate with the Trident submarines - Project Seafarer . Seafarer has an antenna array stretching beneath the edge of Crump 's property . Now , ELF fields have been shown to produce biological effects in human tissue , inducing electrical currents , altering chemical reactions . As a potential weapons application , it 's referred to as electrical nerve gas , or may be behind the Taos Hum . What if some overload , some hum from this system , could somehow match the resonant frequency of the human skull ? I mean , what if it could induce a like hum that could somehow exert a rising pressure on the inner ear , shattering it ? With constant movement ameliorating that pressure , making it bearable ? - But why only westward movement ? - I don 't know , Mulder . I don 't know . I mean ... Maybe it follows certain lines of force , electrical or magnetic . But the big question , Scully , is what do we do about it ? I think I know , Mulder , but it 's nothing that IVIr Crump is gonna like . We 'll be there . What ? Whether they did this to you intentionally or not , you were right . They did it to you . So what do we ... what do we do ? Your one chance is that we meet my partner at the end of the highway . There she will insert a large-bore needle into your inner ear , hopefully relieving the pressure . When we get there , she 'll have to work fast . She 'll only have one chance . She 's not gonna be able to use anaesthetic . And it will probably leave you deaf . But I 'll live , right ? Well ... Well , that 's what it 's all about . All right , man . Let 's do it . Mr Mulder , could you go a little faster , please ? - Just a little more is all I need . - Sure . Just a little bit faster . Get ready ! ( Kersh ) Justice Department jet : 2 . 6 turbine hours round trip at $ 1400 an hour . Car rental . Over-mileage , out-of-state use penalties : $ 346 . Compensation to one Walter R Duncan for unauthorised use of his 1968 Caprice station wagon : $ 500 . - Why don 't you bill me ? - I 'll bill your partner instead . You two obviously relish the role of martyr . OK , so are we done here ? Back to the bozo work , investigating huge piles of manure ? You can always quit . Sir , Agent Mulder has been through a lot . You apologise for him a lot . I 've noticed that about you . I 'm not apologising for this . Because of his work , the DOD are shutting down their antenna array in Nevada . - Our participation has saved lives . - I don 't see you proving that . The Department of Defense admits no culpability . Furthermore , they say the closing of their facility was coincidental . Right . Don 't misunderstand me , Agent . I don 't care if you two saved a school bus full of doe-eyed urchins on their way to Sunday bible camp . You no longer investigate X-Files . You are done . And the sooner you and Mulder come to recognise that , the better for both of you . Big piles of manure . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
