 - Last season on The X Files ... - All right , nobody moves ! He reached down and he healed me with his hand . Cancer Man- - he was here with your mother . He wants something from her- - something she may have kept in this house . Agent Mulder , your mother 's just been admitted to a hospital in serious condition . The date is set and the outcome inevitable . I want the Smoking Man smoked out . He knows about the man that disappeared from the restaurant shooting . He 's trying to kill him . Oh ! Damn it ! A bee just stung me , eh ? Well , now ... don 't you all take the cake ? Does your mom ever mix you up ? I 've come to you at great risk . I mean you no harm . Mulder , he knows about your sister . How do I know you 're for real ? I can explain everything to you . First , I want you to come somewhere with me . I want you to come with me to see my mother . Stay out of his way , Scully . He doesn 't want to hurt you . You can 't use your gun . Stop right there , sir ! Come on . Mulder ! Scully , get the car ! This way . Damn . This way . Hey ! Jeremiah ! Jeremiah , stop ! What are you doing ? There 'll be more right behind him . You can 't leave here . They 'll kill me ! I need your help ! My mother is dying . Mulder ! Mulder ! Mulder ! Mulder ! Where are they going ? I don 't know . I need to know . Please , I don 't know . They 'll know where to find us . They 'll be waiting for us . Who ? Your government men- - they 'll be waiting at the hospital with your mother . What can they do ? We 're working in the light . They can 't stop us without exposure , without consequence . You have to understand something : I must perish . Whatever the consequences to that end , they are incalculable to the preservation of the larger plan . The larger plan ? You mean colonization . Hegemony , Mr. Mulder- - a new origin of species . I don 't understand . I can show you . My mother is dying . I need to take you to see her right now . And if they are waiting for us ? If they 're willing to kill me and face the consequences of their actions to stand before your ineffectual justice system , I will be dead . I won 't be able to save your mother . The work will go on . The plan will continue to be executed . Or you can stop it . How can I stop it ? I can take you to a place and show you the work in progress , where you can see ... No , look , there 's no time ! There 's ... Where you can see your sister . He isn 't coming . I told you . Then where is he ? I don 't know . Certainly he anticipated we 'd be here waiting . Unless we have a security leak . Who ? I 've come in receipt of some pictures of your visit to Mrs. Mulder 's summer house . Were you aware you were being photographed ? By whom ? I believe that can be determined by a simple planting of information to see where that information flows . What information ? That Mrs. Mulder 's life is in danger ... that left unprotected ... she may come to an unnatural end . Scully . Scully , it 's me . Where are you ? I 'm right where you left me , Mulder . I 'm sitting here in my car . Why ? Because you wouldn 't answer your phone , and because I didn 't know what else to do . Are you okay , Scully ? Yes , I 'm fine . Listen to me , there 's going to be ... there 's going to be people looking for me , and they 're going to think they can get to me through you . - Mulder ... - No , no , no , hold on . Just-just listen for a second , Scully . I need you to do something for me . I had to steal a car from an airport in Alberta . There 's going to be a record of me going through Canadian customs , and I need you to cover my tracks . I also need you to know that I 'm okay , Scully . I 'm fine . Okay ? Mulder , he 's coming after you . Who ? The man you left for dead . He 's alive . That 's it for the gas . How much further from here ? About 20 miles . Maybe half that ... on foot over those hills . Let 's go . Sir . Agent Scully . I heard you were looking for me . There 's been some concern about you and Agent Mulder . We 're fine , sir . We 've been searching for this man , Jeremiah Smith . Did you find him ? No . I received a memo from you that there 's more confusion about this man- - that the Social Security Administration has five men with this name working in branch offices around the country with identical photo I.D.s. We ran a check on these men . All five have not reported to work in three days . Now , would you or Agent Mulder like to let me in on what it is your suspicions are ? I 'm afraid we haven 't exactly formulated any clear suspicions , sir . Well , we have , Agent Scully . Sir ? We were able to download the hard drive data from each of the five missing men 's Social Security workstations , and in each case , we found an enormous amount of files and data that cannot be identified . Do not correspond with any kind of accounting or document collection done as normal departmental business . The data was all locked in password files . How much of it is there ? Enough to fill seven ten-gigabyte hard drives- - roughly a billion entries . It appears to be some kind of personal record-keeping or accounting . Could it be some kind of cryptogram ? If it is , I can 't crack it . I 'd like to get a copy of a portion of this . I might be able to figure it out . Seriously ? Maybe . There 's somebody I want to run it by . Agent Mulder ? No . I think , sir , this is more along my field of expertise . What happened to this man ? I wouldn 't touch the body , Mr. Mulder . There 's a work order here . It 's for yesterday . He 's only been here a little more than 24 hours . You know what killed him , don 't you ? It 's not much further . You 're looking at the future , Mr. Mulder . What is it ? A flowering shrub . But its specific epithet can 't be found on any of your taxonomic charts . Being grown for what ? Pollen . What is this ? What 's going on here ? What did I tell you , Mr. Mulder ? That looks just like my sister . But that 's not possible . She 's no older than the day she was taken . Samantha ? Samantha . Samantha ? Samantha ? Samantha ? Samantha , it 's me . It 's me , Fox , your brother . Do you remember me ? What 's wrong with her ? She has no language . What do you mean ? She 's a drone , Mr. Mulder- - a worker . What are you talking about ? There 's more you should see so that you might understand . How 'd they get here ? They 're stationed here . They 're part of an agrarian work force . Who takes care of them ? They take care of themselves . Parenting is unnecessary ... a needless division of energy . They 're clones . Serial ovotypes . Have you seen enough , Mr. Mulder ? We can 't stay around here much longer . I 'll go see if I can find some gas . Open the door , Agent Scully . How did you know I was here ? I 've been trying to reach Agent Mulder . I watched you enter the building . Where is he ? I don 't know . I have information for him- - a matter that would concern him greatly . Concern him how ? Concerning his mother . Has something happened to her ? No . No , not yet . Is she in danger ? I prefer to speak with Agent Mulder directly . Let me just say she is unprotected . From whom ? From whom ? If you want to involve yourself , Agent Scully , you might do well to give this information to your partner . Not until you give me some information first . These are data entries taken from Social Security records ... You 're going in the wrong direction , Agent Scully . All beginning with the letters S-E-P . You know what these are . Confirm or deny . Smallpox Eradication Program . Smallpox ? Don 't unlock doors you 're not prepared to go through , Agent Scully . What 's that supposed to mean ? Leave it alone . Protect the mother . What are you doing ? She 's coming with us . You can 't do this . She 's not your sister . Well , then who is she ? You have a chance here to understand something so much greater- - to comprehend it , to expose it . Well , then explain it to me . Explain it to me now . Bees . It 's an apiary . Are bees what killed that man we found ? Yes . It 's probably not a good idea to hide in there . No , you have no immunity to them . But you do ? Somebody lead me . I can 't see anything . Is that the only way out ? We 've walked into our own trap . Are you busy , Agent Pendrell ? No . I was just , uh ... Good , ' cause I think I 've made some headway on this data . Can you call up the files ? Yeah . I 've got to tell you , I 've gotten nowhere . S.E.P. : Smallpox Eradication Program . Smallpox ? How 'd you figure that ? I got lucky . But the key is in this first string of letters . 20-letter strings . 30 different variations . You say " a 20-letter code " to any scientist , and they immediately think " protein amino acid sequence code , " which is what this turned out to be . Protein sequence code for what ? Cowpox virus- - the virus used to inoculate humans against smallpox . Okay , right . These guys were keeping records of smallpox inoculations . Why ? I haven 't worked that out yet . But the big question is this second alpha numeric string . 15 digits . Yeah , I checked . Each one is different- - an infinite number of variations . An inventory . Of what ? Of us . With all due respect , Agent Scully , it looks like something from the Hubble Telescope . Actually , it 's an image created by what 's called a confocal microscope . You 're looking at a three-dimensional picture of the location of a protein- - in this case , cowpox structural protein number six . It 's one of the inoculants used in the smallpox vaccine . Where 'd it come from ? From me . I had a biopsy taken from the smallpox vaccination scar on my upper arm . Through a process called immunohisto chemical staining and through the addition of an antibody for the cowpox virus six , I was able to get this picture of the location of a protein- - a single , non-random protein pattern . I 'm not a scientist , Agent Scully , and I don 't know that many people in this room ... What I 'm saying is that I think this protein is a tag- - some kind of genetic marker that was applied to me when I was inoculated against smallpox as a child . Why you ? Not just me- - all of us . Quite possibly anybody who 's been inoculated over the past 50 years . Agent Scully , frankly , this sounds like something we might have expected from Agent Mulder . I had my doubts , and I 'm still not certain . But I performed the same procedure on Agent Pendrell . The location of the protein from his biopsy should be identical to mine , but it 's slightly different , which might correspond to the alphanumeric entries collected by the men at the ... at the Social Security Administration . So what you 're saying , Agent Scully , is we 're being catalogued , tagged and inventoried ? By who ? I don 't know , but it would have to be a government agency . And to what purpose ? I don 't know that either . And I think the only man who might be able to give us that information is Jeremiah Smith . Agent Scully , can I see you outside for a moment ? Alone . Do you realize what you 're promoting in there ? You 're rounding these people up in the middle of the workday to imply that there 's ... I am a scientist , sir . What I 'm promoting in there is reductive evidence . It 's the reason I believe I was assigned to the X Files in the first place , is it not ? To put Agent Mulder 's work to the test of science ? Excuse me . Scully . Scully , where are you right now ? I 'm in Skinner 's office . Where are you ? Still in Canada , but I 'm catching a plane soon . I need you to meet me on the other end . Just tell me where . At the hospital where my mother is . Mulder , I don 't ... Her life depends upon me and my party getting there safely . Who ? Jeremiah Smith and someone else . I 'm going to need some protection , Scully . Oh , believe me , Mulder , you 're going to have it . What do you mean ? There 's a lot of people who want to talk to Jeremiah Smith . They 'll get their chance . We 'll be there . Please . You can 't kill him . He can 't die . He must . That girl is my sister . He shows you pieces , but tells you nothing of the whole , because he 's inconsequential- - a traitor to the project . Kill me . Let them go . You 'd trade your life for his ? For my mother 's . Everything dies . Five hours we 're out here swinging in the wind , Agent Scully . Something 's wrong . Something happened . You don 't have any way of getting hold of him ? This is beginning to seriously compromise our ability to treat patients . Oh , my God . Mulder ... I can 't . There 's nothing . Oh , here ... no . You 're freezing . He 's in ... You 're in shock , Mulder . What happened ? She 'll never know . She 'll never know . We could have saved her , Scully . As long as she 's lying here , you can 't give up on her . I don 't care what the doctors say . I had one chance . We let it slip away . We don 't know that , Mulder . You can 't blame yourself for what you could only hope . He took me to a place with green fields . And I saw my sister . She was just a little girl . I 've seen too many things not to believe . I 've seen things , too . But there are answers to be found now . We have hope that there 's a place to start . That 's what I believe . You put such faith in your science , Scully , but ... the things I 've seen , science provides no place to start . Nothing happens in contradiction to nature , only in contradiction to what we know of it . And that 's a place to start . That 's where the hope is . I feel I came so close . I feel it , too . I know it . How ? I was warned by a man we both know , who I believe knows the truth , who can lead us to a place to start . Mr. Mulder ? My name is Marita Covarrubias . I 'm the assistant to the special representative . Was he able to review the material that I sent him ? Yes . And will he see me ? I 'm afraid he 's been called into something important . Can I ask who sent you here , Mr. Mulder ? A friend . You know , I 've been inquiring with each of the special representatives all month about the farmland in Canada . I 've been trying to get some answers , and all I 've gotten are dead ends . Well , I can tell you that farm has been abandoned . The crops you described were left to die . But they have been identified as ginseng . No evidence of beehives or bee husbandry was found . I know it 's not the answer you wanted . I , uh ... Can I ask why this is so important to you ? I 've suffered ... I 've suffered some very personal losses recently , and ... I was ... I was hoping that , um ... Not everything dies , Mr. Mulder . I need to know the reasons why this should be . So that the work may continue . So that the project may proceed unabated by removing an unnecessary obstacle . What obstacle ? Agent Mulder , actually . If his mother were to die , he would ... He what ? You see ... the fiercest enemy is the man who has nothing left to lose . And you know how important Agent Mulder is to the equation . I made this !
