 ... not everything is a labyrinth of dark conspiracy . Look at you , you 're shaking . One at a time , boys . Now , what 's going on ? - Frohike 's close ... - Don 't use my name ! What the hell 's wrong with you ? ! Now I 'll have to kill you . Langley and I performed three sweeps with the CPM-700 and did not detect a single hot mic ... The CPM-700 is a piece of crap . The acoustic correlator is reading only passive sounds . I 've been here 20 minutes , and I 'll still don 't know what the hell is wrong . No one would kill you , Frohike . You 're just a little puppy dog . I don 't utter another syllable until a CSM-25 countermeasure filter is activated . No electronic surveillance known can cut through the CSM-25 . Okay , okay . Now tell us what you 're so close to . Not a " what " - - a " who . " If you find the right starting point and follow it , not even secrets of the darkest of men are safe . Cancer Man ? What did you find ? Possibly everything . Maybe his background , who he is , and who he wants to be . August 20 , 1940 , Mexico City . A Stalinist agent assassinated Leon Trotsky with an ice pick . At that same moment , a thousand miles north in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , he appears . The father was an ardent Communist activist . During the Nazi-Soviet pact , he kept the NKVD informed on American plans to enter World War Two . He was executed under the Espionage Act of 1917 , before his boy could walk . The mother- - a cigarette smoker- - died of lung cancer before her son uttered his first word . With no surviving family , he became a ward of the state , sent to various orphanages in the Midwest . Didn 't make friends , spent all his time reading ... alone . And then ... he appears to have vanished , until a year and a half after the Bay of Pigs . Premier Khrushchev , we want you ! Premier Khrushchev , we want you ! We 're going to kick your rang-a-dang-doo ! We 're going to kick your rang-a-dang-doo ! Fidel Castro , we want you ! Fidel Castro , we want you ! We 're going to kick your rang-a-dang-doo ! We 're going to kick your rang-a-dang-doo ! Mother Russia ... Why don 't you just go see the movie ? I 'd rather read the worst novel ever written than sit through the best movie ever made . Captain , sir , General Francis requests you report to his office ASAP , sir . My one-year-old just said his first word . What was the word ? " JFK . " I 'll catch you later , Mulder . He 's here , sir . Send him in . You wish to see me , sir ? Have a seat , Captain . Captain , have you ever seen these two men , met the general or myself ? No , sir . In January 1961 , did you aid Congo President Kasavubu in the arrest and assassination of Patrice Lumumba ? No , sir . Were you involved in the training of Cuban nationals during Operation Zapata , also known as the Bay of Pigs ? I 'm sorry , sir . I 'm unaware of any such operation . On May 31 , 1961 , did you aid Dominican locals in the assassination of Rafael Trujillo ? No , sir . Your father was a convicted spy for the Soviet Union , executed in a Louisiana electric chair , was he not ? My only regret , sir , is I was too young to throw the switch myself . At ease , Captain . Your father 's actions were totally out of your control . Each of us in this room understands a life eviscerated by the actions of another . Cigarette ? No , thank you , sir . I never touch them . You see , Captain , most people seek to control life 's events in order to secure a more positive , productive and free existence . Often , however , the objectives of others conflict with our objectives . Viva la libertad . Now ... most people- - common people , really- - can barely manage to control their own self-centered , myopic existence . They command armies of lawyers armed with paper weapons , attacking with spiteful , vengeful ... cowardly litigation . Others ... operate within elephantine bureaucracies . And then , Captain there are extraordinary men . Those who must identify , comprehend and ultimately shoulder the responsibility for not only their own existence but their country 's and the world 's as well . Your father , Captain , believed his country should look to another form of government , and he took control of that belief . So , in that respect , we view him as an extraordinary man . And we believe- - we know , Captain- - that it runs in the family . Now , don 't misunderstand . You father should have been executed . Communism is without a doubt the most heinous personification of evil mankind has ever confronted , and it is , in part , the reason that you are before us here today . You must understand , Captain , everything I 'm about to say is classified " compartmentalized " so intensely that if you accept this assignment and successfully execute it , you will no longer be an officer of the United States Army , nor will any record exist of your service . The assignment ... is the assassination of an American civilian , aged 46 ... former Naval PT-boat commander ... married , father of two . Last week , Captain , this country was brought to the brink of nuclear annihilation- - a situation which never would have arisen had the individual in question , as commander in chief , provided an umbrella of air support during the invasion of Bahia de Cochinos . Is there a cover story ? Tell them it was done by men from outer space . We 've found and are setting up a patsy . Where ? You shouldn 't smoke those , Lee . I 'm reading studies that say they can kill you . Well ... Mr. Hunt ... sir . I 've heard about those reports , and they are no doubt correct . You 'll have a good view of the president today . Well , I like the president 's family . They 're interesting people . However , I have my own views on the president 's national policy . I 'll probably just eat lunch . I 'm going to the movies at the Texas Theatre . It 's only 90 cents . I love the movies . I brought the curtain rods , Lee . I bought some curtain rods just like this from a mail order back in March . You did ? Or A.J. Hidell ? Well , Mr. Hunt , Fidel 's defenders have to be careful . Yes , we do . Speaking of which , Lee , I 've informed our fellow defender that you will hide the curtain rods on the sixth floor of the book depository behind the cartons against the back wall . Cuban visa ? Once I 've been notified the curtain rods have been safely removed from the depository , the visa and the money for your trip will be in your room . Take a bus . I left all my money with my wife . That 's all I 've got . 13 and change . You better get going , Lee . You wouldn 't want to miss your ride to work . Oh . Good morning , Lee . Starting work right on time . Yes , sir . The president should be driving past any minute . I think I hear everyone down on the fifth floor . Where 's Lee ? Does he want to come ? Hey , Lee , come on . Will , hurry up ! ... the president 's car is now turning onto Elm Street . I was on the Stemmons Freeway earlier and even the freeway was jam-packed with spectators waiting to see the president . People are really starting to crowd in now . The motorcade is heading down Elm Street now , passing the Texas Schoolbook Depository . It looks like all of Dallas has turned out ... I can 't quite see from here ... We 're hit ! We 're hit ! It appears something has happened on the motorcade route . Does anyone know what happened ? Is there any information ? Upstairs ! Do you know this man ? Yes , he works for me . The President of the United States is dead . It is official now . President Kennedy is dead . No . No . No , sir . I won 't be a patsy . ... weight about 165 pounds . Possibly armed and should be considered dangerous . Use caution approaching . Afternoon . I wish to see some form of identification , sir . Now , easy there , partner . I just want to talk a minute . If I don 't see valid credentials , I 'm going to assume you 're with them . " Them " ? What do you mean , partner ? How about a cigarette ? Thank you . You know , Kiefer knocked out a bunker . All by himself , too . He 'll have more guts than I 've got . All I did was pick up the spoil . But he 's really got it . After Connors and Thurston ran , he knocked out the bunker with one grenade . Now , that 's really something , huh ? Yeah . Take this side . All right . Get along . Officer , what 's going on ? Go ahead and settle down . On your feet . Come on . It 's going to be all over . He 's got a gun ! I 'm not resisting arrest ! I 'm not resisting arrest ! Stop hitting me , you sons of bitches ! I 'm not the one ! I 'm not the one ! I 'm not resisting arrest ! Police brutality ! This is police brutality ! I 'm not resisting arrest ! Let me go ! I can walk ! Get him in the car ! Let me go ! I can walk ! We must , with positive action , seek to remove those conditions of poverty insecurity and injustice , which are the fertile soil in which the seed of communism grows and develops . These are revolutionary times . All over the globe , men are revolting against old systems of exploitation and oppression , and out of the wombs of a frail world , new systems of justice and equality are being born . The shirtless and barefoot people of the land are rising up as never before . I can kill you whenever I please ... The people who sat in darkness have seen a great light . We in the West must support these revolutions . But not today . It is a sad fact that because of comfort , complacency , a morbid fear of communism and our proneness to adjust to injustice , the Western nations that initiated so much of the revolutionary spirit of the modern world have now become the arch anti-revolutionaries . This has driven many to feel that only Marxism has the revolutionary spirit . Therefore , communism is a judgment against our failure to make democracy real and follow through on the revolutions that we initiated . No , no . Why did you have to do that ? ... to recapture the revolution ... Why didn 't you know this was coming ... Edgar ? Last year , the House was not smiling on non-eye to eye surveillance . So I stopped . We called Ramsey Clark to receive a go-ahead on tapping King 's phone , but he refused . Our behind-the-fence operations on Willie believes that King 's ally Stokely Carmichael is recruiting a Negro army to wage war on white America . Wouldn 't you if you were them ? If this were only a civil rights issue , I 'd vote for a King / Benjamin Spock presidential ticket . But after last night , it 's not . You actually sound sad about it . I respect King . He 's an extraordinary man . But now he 's talking like a Maoist , and if he convinces Negroes not to fight in Vietnam , we 'll lose . And the first domino will have fallen . We must step up our efforts to discredit him . Like your ridiculous suicide project ? " There is but one way out for you . " That dumb letter attempting to drive King into despair only alerted him to the level of our surveillance . We could create a film of him with a woman other than his wife . Using existing footage , we could insert him in a film we make of a woman ... a white woman . The solution is more intense ... than just dirty tricks . If you 'll excuse us , gentlemen , the director has a meeting at the White House . Sit down . You 've enough plausible deniability to last the rest of your nine lives . A sig force can execute a wet-insert operation . One day , he and his immediate circle are just found dead . Too many questions . Americans believe the South is still fighting the Civil War . We find ourselves a cracker patsy , and the motives become very black and white . Another patsy . Should we ... advise the president ? I work very hard to keep any president from knowing I even exist . Who will you order to do it ? I 'll do it myself . I have too much respect for the man . The nation is sick . Trouble is in the land . Confusion all around . That 's a strange statement . But I know somehow that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars . And I see God working in this period of the 20th century in a way ... that men in some strange way are responding . Something is happening in our world . The masses of people are rising up ... and wherever they are assembled today , whether they are in Johannesburg , South Africa ; Nairobi , Kenya ; Accra , Ghana ; New York City ; Atlanta , Georgia ; Jackson , Mississippi ; or Memphis , Tennessee ; the cry is always the same : " We want to be free . " Raul ... got the binoculars you sent me out for . Just put them down by your clothes . I heard , uh , Dr. King is staying at the Lorraine Motel right behind here . Our gun buyer 's coming by to look at the rifle . Well ... I gave it to you this morning . I have it . Look , uh , three 's a crowd . Here 's a couple of hundred . Go to a movie or something . Come back in two or three hours . Leave the Mustang . I 'll need it later . Well , I don 't know what will happen now . We 've got some difficult days ahead . But it really doesn 't matter with me now , because I 've been to the mountaintop . I don 't mind . Like anybody , I would like to live ... a long life . Longevity has its place . But I 'm not concerned about that now . I just want to do God 's will . And he 's allowed me to go up to the mountain , and I 've looked over ... and I 've seen ... the Promised Land . I may not get there with you , but I want you to know tonight that we as a people will get to the Promised Land ! So I 'm happy tonight . I 'm not worried about anything . I 'm not fearing any man . Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord ! Memphis police found a rifle wrapped in a blanket , as well as some personal belongings believed to be that of the assassin in the doorway of the Canipe Amusement Company . Word of Dr. King 's death at 7 : 05 p.m. has touched off declarations of states of emergency in several cities , including Washington , D.C. ; Chicago and Detroit . Tonight in Indianapolis , New York State Senator Robert F. Kennedy made an appeal for calm . I can only say that I can also feel in my own heart the same kind of feeling . I had a member of my family killed ... and he was killed by a white man . My favorite poet was Aeschylus , and he once wrote ... " Even in our sleep , " pain which cannot forget ... " falls drop by drop upon the heart " until in our own despair , " against our will , comes wisdom through the awful grace of God . " All right , gentleman , let 's make this short and sweet so we can all go home for Christmas . Domestic unrest operations ? Yeah , the Anita Hill thing has lost steam since October . Well , let it go . We played it right . Unfounded allegations will be flying around in no time . L.A. ? The Rodney King trial 's been moved to Simi Valley , just as you instructed . Call back . Internationally- - Bosnia-Herzegovina is set for a February vote on independence from Yugoslavia . America couldn 't care less . I am working on next month 's Oscar nominations . Any preference ? I couldn 't care less . What I don 't want to see is the Bills winning a Super Bowl . As long as I 'm alive , that doesn 't happen . Could be tough , sir . Buffalo wants it bad . So did the Soviets in ' 80 . What , you saying you rigged the Olympic hockey game ? What 's the matter ? Don 't you believe in miracles ? The boss gave the Russian goaltender a little pre-game good-luck pat on the back- - unseen novocaine needle on a bogus wedding ring . Goalie 's a little slow on the stick side- - 4-3 , home team . Payback 's a bitch , Ivan . Well , gentlemen , if that will be all ... One thing internally , sir . That " Spooky " kid who talked his way into opening X Files- - feels like trouble . He 's mine to keep an eye on . Gorbachev has just resigned . There 's no more enemies . Merry Christmas . Merry Christmas . If you don 't have any plans , sir ... we 're all getting together with our families out in Virginia . You 're more than welcome to ... Oh ... well ... um ... I have to , uh , see some , uh ... family . ♪ It 's the most wonderful time of the year ♪ ♪ With the kids jingle-belling ♪ ♪ And everyone telling you ♪ ♪ Be of good cheer ♪ ♪ It 's the most wonderful time of the year ♪ ♪ It 's the hap-happiest season of all ♪ ♪ With those holiday greetings and gay happy feelings ♪ ♪ When friends come to call ♪ ♪ It 's the hap-happiest season ... ♪ Yeah . You 'll never believe what we just got for Christmas . Craft matches the dimensions of the vehicle spotted over Hanoi when I was in Vietnam with the company that the Marines couldn 't shoot down . Occupant ? Critical . Timing couldn 't be worse . The Roswell story we concocted was gathering momentum . Had them all looking in the wrong direction . With luck , we 'll get away with it . Yeah . No luck tonight . Our Aurora spy planes confirmed the Russians tracked entry and have pinpointed touchdown . Haven 't you heard ? There are no Russians anymore . I don 't care if they 're in the midst of ruin . The KGB is not going to ignore an event of this magnitude , nor are the Chinese , nor the Germans , nor the British , or anyone who has the capability of discovering what happened here tonight . I 'm certain each of them has operatives advancing on us right now . How many historic events have only the two of us witnessed together , Ronald ? How often did we make or change history ? And our names can never grace any pages of record . No monument will ever bear our image , and yet once again tonight , the course of human history will be set by two unknown men standing in the shadows . A living EBE could advance Bill Mulder 's project by decades . Security Council Resolution 10.13 states " any country capturing such an entity is responsible for its immediate extermination . " I 'm the liar . You 're the killer . Your lies have killed more men in a day than I have in a lifetime . I 've never killed anybody . Maybe I 'm not the liar . I have a chance to go an entire lifetime without killing anybody ... or any thing . With all of our work in the past 30 years- - all of our victories- - if the world were to see this , it would destroy all we 've gained in a few hours . Tonight ... we have a new ... enemy . Heads . Go ahead . Make history . ... might have been desperate . At that point , your work in the basement was getting attention from the top floor . That 's why you were brought in . Agent Scully , thank you for coming on such short notice . Please . Are you familiar with an agent named Fox Mulder ? Yes , I am . How so ? By reputation . Um , he 's an Oxford-educated psychologist who wrote a monograph on serial killers and the occult that helped catch Monty Propps in 1988 . Generally thought of as the best analyst in the violent crime section . He had a nickname at the academy . Um , " Spooky " Mulder . What I 'll also tell you is that Agent Mulder has developed a consuming devotion to an unassigned project outside the Bureau mainstream . Are you familiar with the so-called " X Files " ? Sorry , nobody down here but the FBI 's most unwanted . Agent Mulder , I 'm Dana Scully . I 've been assigned to work with you . Oh , isn 't it nice to be suddenly so highly regarded . So who did you tick off to get stuck with this detail , Scully ? Actually , I 'm looking forward to working with you . I 've heard a lot about you . Oh , really ? I was under the impression that you were sent to spy on me . Henry David Thoreau wrote : " The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation . " His life has been anything but quiet , yet I believe nothing but desperate . He 's the most dangerous man alive , not so much because he believes in his actions , but because he believes these actions are all which life allows him , and yet the only person that can never escape him ... is himself . Pivotal Publishing . Um , Walden Roth , please . One moment . Walden Roth . Oh , Mr. Roth , hello . Um , this is Raul Bloodworth , uh , author of Second Chance : A Jack Colquitt Adventure . Yes , of course , Mr. Bloodworth . What an active imagination you have- - alien assassinations ! Uh , is it too much ? I mean , is my imagination too active ? No , no . I love it ! Now , as I 've expressed in the letter , I wish to serialize your novel in our publication Roman á Clef . Many outstanding authors received their first printing in our publication . That 's ... that 's great . Um , I had an idea about the artwork . I thought it could have a kind of Tom Clancy-ish kind of look and that ... Great , great . That 's why we work with young writers , but I 'll be honest , however- - you 'll have to relinquish some control . Of course . Of course . After all , it is our publication and I can assure you , we will handle it with the utmost respect . No , no , no . I-I 'm sure you will . I 'm just excited . Understandable . Now , do you have an agent or attorney ? No . That 's fine . It 's a minimum agreement of $ 2,500 , and you 'll save yourself ten percent . Well , that 's fine , that 's fine . Anything . When do you plan to publish the story ? Roman á Clef- - it 'll be on the newsstands the morning of November 12 . Excuse me , sir . Have you got this week 's issue of Roman á Clef ? Thanks . There you are . This isn 't the ending that I wrote . It 's all wrong . Look , if you 're going to stand there and read it , I got to ask you to buy it . Of course , I don 't know why anybody in their right mind would want to buy that sort of crap . That be it ? Pack of Morleys . Life ... is like a box of chocolates- - cheap , thoughtless , perfunctory gift that nobody ever asks for- - unreturnable , because all you get back is another box of chocolates . So you 're stuck with this undefinable whipped-mint crap that you mindlessly wolf down when there 's nothing else left to eat . Sure , once in a while , there 's a peanut butter cup or an English toffee , but they 're gone too fast and the taste is ... fleeting . So you end up with nothing but broken bits filled with hardened jelly and teeth-shattering nuts , and if you 're desperate enough to eat those , all you 've got left is a ... is an empty box filled with useless brown paper wrappers . So far , this is based only on a story I read in one of my weekly subscriptions that rang a few bells . I 'm going out to check on the private hacker source who 's been working on tracking a few leads that can produce definitive proof , and then we 'll have him nailed . I can kill you whenever I please . But not today . I made this !
