 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( in Cantonese ) ( continue speaking Cantonese ) ( continues speaking Cantonese ) ( continues speaking Cantonese ) ( heavy breathing ) ( continue speaking Cantonese ) ( snarls ) ( continues speaking Cantonese ) This hold was secured in Hong Kong . I don 't know how this happened . It makes no sense . We found the cage still locked . Two of my men are missing . Who 's in charge here ? - You ? - Who are you ? My name is Detvveiler . I 'm the owner of this cargo . I was to be notified immediately of its arrival . There 's an animal in here , dammit ! It needs care . - Aren 't you goin ' home ? - I am home . I 'm just feathering the nest . Whatcha got ? Two merchant marines found dead this morning in San Pedro , in the hold of their cargo ship . Mind if I ask the cause of death ? On the crime report it says multiple bite wounds . From what ? The Hong Kong manifest has the cargo listed as a dog . A dog ? - A dog dog ? - Yo quiero Taco Bell . That alone is not what drew me to this case . The two men were inside the container , which was locked from the outside . - What happened to the dog ? - Dog gone . Dog gone . Doggone . Yeah , I got it . Did anybody examine the victim , IVlulder ? Look ... bite wounds are rarely lethal in themselves . I mean , they are not the cause of death . They lead to it through the loss of blood , but it makes me wonder how accurate this report is . Local PD wrote it . Department of Fish and Wildlife is on the case . An outside source says it was a dog . Mulder , I don 't have to tell you how absolutely and completely wrong that seems . They were found dead in a locked cage , right ? - Yeah . - Two grown men . IVlm-hm . You 're not gonna tell me that a dog did this . - Bad dog . - Yeah . Quiet ! JoJo , come on . Shh-shh ! Shh . That 's enough now . Come on . Come on . Come on. it 's OK . Hey , get out of here ! Go on ! Get ! Come on , inside . Come on . Come on . Inside , inside . Inside , JoJo . Get out of here ! Go on home ! Go home ! JoJo ? Here , girl . Better not be on the bed ! There you are . What are you doin ' , girl ? Ya nut . Big old lazybones . JoJo ! What are you doin ' , Jo ... ( growling ) Stay away . Go on . Go ... ( yelling and screaming ) Officer Jeffrey Cahn ? - Yeah . - I 'm Agent Fox Mulder with the FBI . This is my partner , Dana Scully . The LA Field Office contacted you that we were coming down today ? Oh , yeah . I hope you don 't mind . I had a look around the ship with my men . - We were pretty thorough . - What did you find ? Nothing conclusive . But I can tell you the dog 's not likely still on the ship . How 'd you determine that ? - Have you ever owned a dog , sir ? - Yeah . Had to clean up after it ? I don 't suppose you can tell us what kind of dog this is . I 'm not really sure . The man it was shipped to 's name is , uh , Detvveiler . Dr Ian Detweiler _ Calls himself a cryptozoologist . - Cryptozoologist ? - He deals with animals thought to be extinct . Animals that aren 't supposed to exist , like Sasquatch and the Abominable Snowman ... Don 't mind him , he 'll go on for ever . Did you have talk to Dr Detvveiler ? - About five minutes ago . - Officer Cahn , any progress ? Agents , Dr Detvveiler . - Are you from the FBI ? - Yeah . Who should I see about the theft of this animal ? Theft ? What do you mean , theft ? This is a very valuable animal that 's disappeared . A rare breed , and arguably a priceless specimen . - A breed of what ? - Wanshang dhole _ It 's a canid . That 's an Asian dog , supposed to have been extinct the last 150 years . Yes . That 's right , actually . - You have one ? - I was on the expedition that caught it . Be that as it may , we now have an unquarantined animal loose . Loose ? This animal 's more than loose . It seems to have killed two people . Oh , no . Let me assure you , this is not a predatory animal . Chinese folklore has imbued it with mythic qualities , but it doesn 't even hunt . - It scavenges . - ( man ) Where 's Officer Cahn ? I just got a report on the radio . Some kind of vicious dog attack in Bellflower . Watch your step . Jake Conroy , aged 30 . He was employed as a customs agent by the federal government . The bite marks match those of the victims on the freighter . In this case , it bit off the man 's hand . There 's talk that he took part in the theft of the animal and it turned on him . Talk about bitin ' the hand that feeds ya . Well , it does make sense . A victim and his dog are attacked inside of a house with all the doors shut . It can 't happen unless the dog 's kept inside . Well , if all the doors were shut , how did he get out ? Well , then what ? We 're speaking in common terms about an animal We 're calling a dog , but which displays none of the behaviour of man 's best friend . - You mean covering up crime scenes ? - You get a biscuit , Scully . So , you 're talking about a dog that has human intelligence ? If there were such an animal , where would we even begin to look for one ? With a human that thinks like an animal . Kadn ? Karin Berquist ? No . Stacy Muir . I 'm just puttin ' up this fence for ner . Sne 's been havin ' coyote problems . You two lookin ' for Karin about boarding ? No , it 's actually more of a behaviour problem . Yeah , he doesn 't listen , and he chews on the furniture . - Can you tell her the FBI 's here to see her ? - Right this way . Karin will be out in a moment , all right ? Are you sure this woman 's not an authority on bats ? Karin Berquist knows more about canine benaviourisms than anybody on the planet . She 's lived with wild canicls and wolves in the wilderness on five continents . How do you know so much about her but not what she looks like ? I never actually met her . Yet you assume that she 's gonna help us ? It 's not an assumption . She is the one who told me about this case . So you two are chummy . - I 've read her books . - Oh . The Wolf Inside . Dogs Don 't Lie . Better Than Human . - " Better than human " ? - She 's not a real people person . Well , she seems to have made a connection to you . All right , settle down . Settle ! Karin ? I 'm Fox . Fox Mulder . This is my partner , Dana Scully . It 's nice to finally meet you . I wish I 'd known . I don 't get many visitors . Stacy says you have a question about behaviourism ? It 's about the animal you mentioned in your e-mail , about its intelligence . Canids ' intelligence is far superior to ours , if that 's what you want to know . - Intelligence enough to murder ? - Murder takes no intelligence . - It 's a human behaviourism . - What about hunting ? Coyotes use elaborate trickeries to draw out their prey . Many canids do . Alone or in packs . What about a dhole ? If you mean the Wanshang dhole , it 's extinct . Is there any other reason you came here ? No . Thank you , Karin . Come on . Mulder ? - Sne 's a friend of yours ? - On , we met online . - Online . - Two professionals exchanging information . This is Fiedler . I 'm at an alley just south of Cooper in Signal Hill . Looks like sometnin 's been scavenging . I 'm gonna check it out . ( man over radio ) Copy that . ( clattering ) Hey ! Hello , sir . I 'm with US Fish and Wildlife . Maybe you 've seen a dog I 'm lookin ' for . Sir ? Can you hear me ? ( growls ) You wanna catch a killer ? Arrest that crypto son of a bitch who shipped that dog here . Is it the same dog ? That 's Frank Fiedler over there . He 's my friend . Damn good at his job . You think this kind of thing happens here every day ? I 'm sure it doesn 't . We 're just trying to catch this animal , just like you , sir . Oh , you can catch it . I want to kill it . I don 't think wolfvvoman is here to speak to me . I 'll just take a look at the body . I didn 't expect to see you . Dog eats dog-catcher . Story 's all over the news . It 's sort of uplifting . - I 'm joking . - IVlm-hm . Sorry . I thought you might use some help . You said that a dog or a canid only hunts what it needs , but I 've got four bodies with bites from an animal that seems to kill for no other reason . - Who are the victims ? - Two men on the ship that it came in on , a customs agent , and now an officer from Fish and Wildlife . All these men could have come in contact with the animal before the attacks . - Classic dominant alpha territorial behaviour . - No , it seems to have ranged many miles to make its attacks . In each case , it seems to have outsmarted or at least tricked its victims . Unlike we Homo sapiens , a canid 's motives are simple and direct . It would be an extraordinary case to find one who kills for sport . Likely we may never know . I 'm sure someone will kill it first . This guy here , he claims to have caught it once . Maybe he can catch it again . it 's Dr Ian Detvveiler . Do you know him ? No , but I dislike him already . I 've been over the area . If that was my animal , there 's absolutely no evidence of it . No prints , nothing whatsoever I can find . - But it 's still on the loose . - How did you say you caught it originally ? This is Karin Berquist . We tranquillised it after tracking it for two weeks . You admire it , don 't you ? I admire its ability to survive . - I think I 'll look around , too . - IVlm-hm . That 's one strange bird . I left my dart gun in the car . I 'm goin ' to live rounds . I don 't care what the regulations say . I shouldn 't be asked to risk my life . Neither should anyone else . ( man over radio ) No one 's askin ' you to risk your life . - Fiedler 's lyin ' dead . You realise that ? - ( clattering ) - Cahn , are you still there ? - Look , we need more men out here . How many more people have to go down before you guys listen ? I don 't have a photo of this animal . No one 's even seen it . Now , let 's get more men out here so we can catch it and kill it . If you want pe ... - You scared me . - You kill that dog , and I 'll kill you . ( Karin ) Detvveiler said he could find no evidence at the scene but with very little effort , I found several tracks on the floor of the building where the man was attacked . Did they tell you anything ? That this is a large , rangy animal with primitive , even pre-evolutionary , aspects . It isn 't perfectly visible , but I can enhance the print so that you can see it . A fifth toe pad on the right paw . Canids only have four toes . He 's got a vestigial toe pad on his front paws , right there . The dewclaw , sewing no purpose , although some believe it was once a prehensile thumb . That 's what you think the print indicates ? I am told this animal went in and out of closed buildings . Yesterday you dismissed the possibility outright that a dog , or a canid as you call it , would behave like this . - I dismissed the idea of murder . - But you 'll accept the idea that it behaves in every other way like Jack the Ripper ? I 'm just going by the facts . In Chinese myth , the dhole can be evil , capable of opening doors , stealing wives , and disappearing into thin air . Maybe there is a basis in reality for this trickster myth . Oh , I 'm fairly certain there is . - Everything OK , Scully ? - How well do you know this woman ? How well do you know anybody you meet on the Internet ? Well , I question her motives . You 're suggesting this case was a way to get me out here , to meet me ? I 'm flattered , but , no . I don 't know her , but I 'll go out on a limb and say there 's no way in hell she was involved with those people 's deaths . She 's enamoured of you , Mulder . Don 't underestimate a woman . They can be tricksters , too . Dr Riley wanted me to give Duke three pills a day . Is one bottle enough ? - We can get you a refill . - OK . ( dog owner ) Duke . Duke ! Enough ! - Can 't you control your dog ? - He gets this way with strangers . - Let 's take him outside . - Thanks . - ( Dr Riley ) Excuse me . - ( dog owner ) Duke , come on . Sorry about that . He 's usually well-behaved . I called about the animal tranquilliser . The Telazol _ I don 't dispense it much . If I have any , it 's very little . I 'll take whatever you 've got . I have etorphine _ Can you use that ? - Yeah . - Can I ask what these tranks are for ? An animal escaped from a pier in San Pedro . Not that dog that 's been attacking people ? If you don 't mind , I 'm in a bit of a hurry . This dog , you 're not looking for it around here ? I 'm afraid we are . Goodnight , Peggy . Be sure to lock the front door for me . I 'll lock up back here . ( dog barking ) - Good night , Sparky . - ( dog whines ) Bye , Dino . ( whines ) ( dogs barking ) Hey , Buck . What 's wrong , Buck ? What 's wrong , Buck ? ( snarls ) Come on ! - Where is he ? - In the kennel . - How 'd it get in there ? - It must have come around back . Lomas , Young , go around back . I 'm gonna open the door . Doc , you move back . I 'm gonna have to shoot him . I See him ! Did you hit him ? I think so . He 's down . Duke . It 's the wrong dog . - You came out for nothin ' . - How 's that ? - I took out somebody 's pet . - What kind of pet ? St Bernard . It was dark . I just saw somethin ' move . OK , Duke . All done , pal . You 're gonna be all right . Now we gotta find out how you got back in here . ( man screams ) I 'm a federal agent ! I 'm armed ! If you can hear me , don 't move ! Just stay where you are and tell me if you 're OK . ( door opens ) Mulder ? Yeah ? Come take a look at this . I 'll call paramedics . ( door opens ) - Where 's Fox ? - Continuing his investigation . Come on . - You 're not working together ? - No . - This is my investigation . - Of ? - You . - I have no idea what you mean . I thought at first that they were eccentricities . Or affectations The dark , the clothes . But it 's photosensitivity Your sleeves cover up skin lesions . It 's why you 're here amongst the humans , instead of out in the field . Systemic lupus erythematosus . " Lupus " , from the Latin for " wolf " . - Ironic , isn 't it ? - Ironic , or perverse ? I 've ignored the symptoms for years . I 've always felt more like a wolf than a person . But not with Mulder . With Mulder , you found somebody you could communicate with . Someone who challenged you . But that wasn 't enough . You needed to lure him out here . I lack your feminine wiles . You don 't believe it , do you ? Not for a minute , that there 's an animal out there killing . I don 't believe that this man , Dr Detvveiler , ever caught it . I lived in Asia . I know about the Wanshang dhole _ And if it survived for over a century , it was because it was more cunning than man . More cunning than this man Detvveiler ever dreamed of . More cunning than you ? I 'm watching you . You watch ... but you don 't see . ( male dispatcheo OfHcer Cahn , we have an emergency phone call for you . OfHcer Cahn , are you there ? OfHcer Cahn , please respond . OfHcer Cahn ? Please respond . This is Jeffrey Cahn . Go ahead . We have an FBI agent holding for you . I ' II patch him through . - OfHcer Cahn ? - Agent Mulder . I 'm at the animal clinic . Detvveilerwas here . - Dr Detvveiler was there ? - Yeah , he signed for something . Looks like ... " Et ... Etorphine ... Ettoraphine " ? Tranquillisers . Ampoules . - Are you anywhere near here at all ? - Not far . Why ? If you have access to a lab , I 'd like you to check something for me . I 'll be there in 15 minutes . ( starts engine ) ( growls ) What are you doin ' here ? I heard what had happened . I didn 't know how bad he would be . I thought I might get a description of the animal . - How did you learn about the attack ? - I 'd been in contact with Cahn . - I learned through his office . - No , you didn 't . He didn 't want to have anything to do with you . He was going to kill it . Does that frighten you ? Please , sir , this is ridiculous . You aren 't hunting this animal . You know it can 't be caught . - Then how could I have brought it here ? - No one knows that , except Karin Berquist _ She knows what was in that cage , and she knows that it must be killed . She can 't bear that . She doesn 't want this thing to be extinct any more than you do . - You 're not making any sense . - I think I am . You went to China to look for that animal . You may have tracked it , as you claim , but the rest is far from the truth . You found the Wanshang dhole , but you never caught it . It caught you . You didn 't know what was happening to you at first , but you do now . - When night comes , you stop being yourself . - That 's insane . You become the trickster _ A shape-shifting man who becomes an animal . - I 've heard enough . - No . You killed ... because you could . You may have resisted it at first . You may have hated what you 've become . Eventually , it took you over . That 's where the tranquilliser came in . I found traces of etorphine in animal blood at the clinic . You injected yourself with the tranquilliser hoping to stop the killings . But they didn 't , and they haven 't _ And they won 't _ I protected you as long as I could . I won 't any longer . I can usually get a sense of a person right away from the dogs . Dogs are the bestjudges of character I know . I 'm sensing something myself here . I 'm thinking maybe I 've been misled , that you haven 't been totally honest with me . I 've been honest with you , though perhaps not myself . I was looking forward to meeting you . I wouldn 't admit how much . But you might have admitted what you knew about this animal , that it wasn 't an animal . I heard the reports and called you out , if only so you could disprove them . What I knew was , it couldn 't be a dog responsible for those killings . It 's Detvveiler , isn 't it ? - Yes . - So you knew that and didn 't say ? I only realised it when I saw him . My failure was in thinking I was protecting the animal . That by deceiving you , it might be captured alive . He 's got to be put down , Fox . it 's the only way to stop this . I 've got Scully on him , watching his every move . He 'll elude her easily . - So where 's he gonna go ? - To the man he only wounded . To the hospital , to finish the kill . ( dials number ) Scully , it 's me . You gotta get to the hospital . You gotta make sure Cahn is protected . Yeah , he 's in danger . Tell me why you pulled me away from the suspect and chained me here . I haven 't seen hide nor hair of Detvveiler here . That 's aptly put . It 's not yet dark . You should take a load off . We might be here all night . - What do you mean ? - it 's Detvveiler _ it 's not Detvveiler _ It 's something that he becomes . Mulder ... Through some blood curse , this man undergoes nocturnal transformation . He becomes the same shape-shifting trickster as that mythical dog . So what is he gonna do ? Walk in here , skitter across the linoleum and pee in the corners ? It 's about territoriality _ He 'll come here tonight to make sure his dominance isn 't challenged . He 's gonna put down the threat he failed to eliminate when he attacked Cahn . Karin Berquist confirmed it . The only thing Karin Berquist is interested in is you . You 're kidding yourself if you think she hasn 't manipulated this entire situation for her own purposes . He 'll come here tonight , Scully . You 'll see . ( whines ) OK . He 's not comin ' _ ( sighs ) - You 've got no argument from me . - He 's not comin ' here tonight . Karin knew that . She lied to me . ( phone ) Karin , it 's Fox Mulden I know what you 're doing . If you can hear me , lock your doors . I 'm on my way . ( growls ) ( whispers ) Come on , dog . Come on . Come on . Mulder ... Yeah , it 's Detvveiler . You going home ? Yeah , pretty soon . You think this is your fault . I think that I ... Believed her very quickly . I think maybe that was my fault , yeah . - Why wouldn 't you believe her ? - I barely knew her . Well , she had a lot of secrets , that 's for sure . I think that Karin Berquist lived by her instincts . She sized people up pretty quickly , and I think she figured you out to a T. I think she saw in you a Kindred spirit , Mulder . She may not have been able to express that to you . Maybe what she did was the highest form of compliment . ( sighs ) Are you gonna be OK ? Oh ... This came for you . Thank you . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
