 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( umpire ) Play ball ! Ball four ! Take your base ! That 's it , Moose ! You 're gettin ' close ! He couldn 't find the plate if you nailed it to his ass . Shut your pie hole , Piney . The kid 's gotta learn . Come straight over the top , Moose ! Straight over the top ! Come on ! Hot damn . Exley 's up . Back up ! Exley 's up ! Back up ! He got the right prescription in those spectacles ? Don 't worry , Ex . See , I told him to throw it right at your big nappy home-run hitting ' head . So you can bet 100 clams that ball 's goin ' anywhere but there . Foul ! FOUI ball ! Foul ! Ball ! Moose ! Straight over the top ! Hey , Ex , I heard the Yankees been calling ya . I 'm fine playing here in the Cactus League . it 's nice and quiet . Ball ! Leave the cactus alone , son ! I don 't know , Ex . The Yanks could use those 60 home runs a year . Now Jackie Robinson 's up there in the bigs , people are sayin ' you 're gonna be next . The first black Negro man of colour in the American League . Shoot , Ex . You 'll be famous , man . I don 't want to be no famous man . I just wanna be a man . Over the top ! Over the top ! Fair ball ! Home run ! Home run ! 61 . What do you boys want ? We 're just playing baseball . We got no beef with you , sir . It 's that black Babe Ruth hiding behind you , Josh Exley _ - That 's all we come for . - Well , you can 't have him . We heard the Yankees wanna let a little nigger play ball ! So we just figure we gotta play with him a little bit some first ! And all you niggers and nigger lovers can go home ! It 's Ex we want . That 's what I 'm talking about , Moose . Straight over the top with it . Get the guns . Get the guns . You boys ain 't so tough without your shotguns , are you , fellas ? You ain 't nothing but a coward ... Hiding behind your mama 's bedsheet . Let 's see your face . Holy mother ... It 's a gorgeous day for baseball here in the City of the Angels . And I 'm told it 's a gorgeous day all over our republic today . From Bangor to Bellflower From Amarillo to Anchorage . The sun is shining and it 's a perfect day to play baseball . Eddie Perez will start it off .. Mulder , it is such a gorgeous day outside . You ever entertained the idea of trying to find life on this planet ? I 've seen the life on this planet . That is exactly why I 'm looking elsewhere . Did you bring enough ice cream to share with the class ? It 's not ice cream . It 's a Nonfat Tofutti Rice Dreamsicle . UQI1 ! I bet the air in my mouth tastes better than that . - You sure know how to live it up , Scully . - You 're Mr Live It Up . You 're really ... Mr Squeeze Every Last Drop Out Of This Sweet Life , aren 't you ? On this precious Saturday , you 've got us grabbing life by the testes . Stealing books from the FBI library in order to go through New Mexico newspaper obituaries for the years 1940 to 1949 . - And for what joyful purpose ? - Looking for anomalies . Do you know how many flying-disc reports there were in New IVlexico in the 1940s ? I don 't care . This is a needle in a haystack . These poor souls have been dead for 50 years . Let them rest in peace . - Let sleeping dogs lie . - I won 't sit by as you hurl cliches at me . - Preparation is the father of inspiration . - Necessity is the mother of invention . The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom . Eat , drink , and be merry , for tomorrow we may die . Ice cream , you scream , we all scream for Nonfat Tofutti Rice Dreamsiclesl Mulder . Mulder ! You cheat ! I can 't believe it . You 've been reading about baseball this whole time . I 'm reading the box scores . It 's like the Pythagorean theorem for jocks . It distils all the chaos and action of any game in the history of all games into one perfect rectangular sequence of numbers . I can look at this box and I can recreate exactly what happened on some sunny summer day back in 1947 . The numbers talk to me . They comfort me . They tell me even though things can change , some things do remain the same. lt 's _ _ _ BoHng _ Mulder , can I ask you a personal question ? Of course not . Did your mother ever tell you to go outside and play ? - Is that Arthur Dales ? - Mulder ? ( fakes sneeze ) You just defaced property of the US government . You rebel . - What in the hell took you so long ? - I 'm sorry , sir . I 'm looking for Arthur Dales . - I 'm Arthur Dales . - No , you 're not . - Don 't be a wise-ass , son . - No . I 'm sorry , sir . I know Arthur Dales . - And you 're not Arthur Dales . - Arthur Dales is my brother . My name also happens to be Arthur Dales . The same name , different guy . The other Arthur , he moved to Florida . Lucky bastard . Our parents weren 't big in the imagination department when it came to names . If it 'll help you wrapping your head around this stupefying mystery , Agent Mulder , we had a sister named Arthur , too . And a goldfish . - How do you know my name ? - My brother told me all about you . He said you were the biggest jackass in the Bureau since he retired . Yeah , we 're big fans . Sometimes we 'd stay awake for hours at night just talking about you . Just fascinating . Now unless you 're hiding some Chinese food , let 's call it a day . Mr Dales , I have a , uh ... I have a photo here of your brother . Maybe it 's you . It 's from many years ago . You 're standing in Roswell , New Mexico . ( Dales ) Roswell . That 's me . I was a cop once in Roswell . You 're standing with Negro League legend Josh Exley , who disappeared during a season in which he hit 60 home runs . - 61 ! - 61 home runs in 1948 . '47 ! Whatever . I don 't care about the baseball so much . What I care about is this man in the picture who I believe to be an alien bounty hunter . Of course you don 't care about the baseball , IVIr Mulder . You only bothered my brother about things like government conspiracies , and alien bounty hunters , and the truth with a capital - Wait a minute . I like baseball . - You like baseball ? How many home runs did Mickey Mantle hit ? 163 ... Righty , 373 lefty . 536 total . ( Dales ) Now what you fail to understand in yourjoyless myopia is that baseball is the key to life . The Rosetta stone , if you will . If you just understood baseball better , all your other questions , your ... The , uh ... the aliens , the conspiracies , they would all in their way be answered by the baseball gods . Yes , sir . That may be true . Your experience in Roswell could be germane to a conspiracy between men in our government and snapesnifting alien beings . Don 't bore me , son . My brother Arthur started the X-Files , at the Federal Bureau of Obfuscation , before you were born . He was working for the FBI , hunting for aliens , when you were watching My Best Friend 's Martians - You say " shapeshifting " . Agent Mulder , do you believe that love can make a man shapeshift ? I guess ... women change men all the time . I 'm not talking about women . I 'm talking about love , passion . Like the passion you have for proving extraterrestrial life . Do you believe that that passion can change your very nature ? Can make you shapeshift from a man into something other than a man ? What exactly has your brother told you about me ? If you and your brother have known about this bounty hunter and plans for colonisation for 50 years , why haven 't you told anybody ? - Nobody 'd believe me . - I would 've . - You weren 't ripe . - Not ripe ? I 've been ripe for years . I am way past ripe . I 'm so ripe , I 'm rotten ! This cuts to the heart of the mystery of what I 've been doing for ten years . The heart of the mystery . The heart of the mystery . Ah , there you are . Mr Mulder , maybe you 'd better start paying a little less attention to the heart of the mystery and a little more attention to the mystery of the heart . - You got a dime ? - What is this ? This little fella goes by the name of Pete Rosebud . If you keep pumping coffee money into him , he 'll tell you a story about baseball , and aliens and bounty hunters . - You 're making me feel like a child . - Perfect . That 's the right place to start from , isn 't it ? Now the first thing you gotta know about baseball is ... it keeps you for ever young . Mr Exley ? Mr Exley , my name 's Arthur Dales . I 'm an employee of the Roswell Police Department . - Have I broken a law ? - You stole ... Second base in the third inning . I 'm a witness . Officer , I seen Ex steal . - At least 50 bases this year . - No , sir . You haven 't broken any laws . I 've been assigned by my superiors to protect you against certain parties . I 'm the one that need protection from certain parties . Ex , he in bed by eight every night . I appreciate your concern , sir , but I can protect myself . I 'm not a big sports hero like yourself , and I don 't have an opinion on Negroes . Or Jews , or Communists , or even Canadians and vegetarians . But I cannot stomach the murder of a man of any persuasion or any colour being flaunted and solicited in my town . Not on my watch . So you can be safe with me in a cell or you can be safe with me here on the bus . Seeing as how this is still America , you 're free to choose , sir . ( Dales speaking French ) - Officer Dales . You a decent man , ain 't you ? - I try to be . Umps would treat us better if you got us eight more uniforms like these to play in . You could change your name from Roswell Grays to the Roswell Black and Blues . ( thundeU Whats the matter , Arthur ? You look like you ain 't never seen a black man before . I gotta give it to you . Calling a Negro League team from Roswell the Grays , is pretty clever . ( mimicking E 7 ) ET steal home . I didn 't make that up . You want me to believe that Josh Exley , the great ball player , was an alien ? They 're all aliens , Agent Mulder . All the great ones . - Babe Ruth was an alien ? - Yeah . - Joe Dilvlaggio ? - Sure . - Willie Mays ? - Obviously . Mantle ? Koufax ? - Gibson ? - Bob or Kirk ? See , none of the great ones fit in . Not in this world . Not in any other world . ( knock at door ) They 're all aliens , IVlulder . Till they step between the white chalk lines . Until they step on the outfield grass . Like clockwork . Poorboy with my medicine . Give the kid a tip , will you ? So I assume you 're speaking metaphorically Speaking metaphorically is for young men like you , Agent MacGyver . I don 't have time for that . I only have time to speak the truth . You 're a regular Rockefeller , ain 't ya ? If Ex hits a couple of clingers , that ties the Babe ! That ball 's worth nothin ' . Ex ain 't a major-Ieaguer , so the record don 't count . - Does too . - Does not . - Does too . - Does not . - Does . - Not . ( vomits ) Perfect day for a ball game . - There , uh ... there was a bee on you . - Must 've been a real big one . Could 've ripped your head off . Hey , Arthur ... Thanks . Officer Arthur Dales , making the world safe for baseball and Negroes . ( crowd cheering ) Play ball ! Do you know your name , son ? Josh , do you know where you are ? ( speaks gibberish ) Josh , man , wake up ! Do you know where you 're from ? Macon . Macon , Georgia ? ( crowd cheering ) ( phone rings ) Macon Police Department . Can I help you ? My name is Arthur Dales . I 'm with the Roswell Police Department . I 'm doing a background check on a gentleman from your area : Josh Exley _ You want information on a Josh Exley ? Yeah . The name rings a bell . Yeah . I got a Josh Exley _ A six-year-old coloured boy disappeared , oh , maybe five years ago . Have you got a read on this Josh Exley 's whereabouts ? Six years old ? - You want me to run some chemical tests ? - Hold on . That would make him 11 now ? No , that can 't _ _ _ can 't be the one . I ... I love my job . - Is that all you have ? Are you certain ? - Certain as the sunrise . I 'm sorry , son . Where are you calling from ? - Roswell . Roswell , New IVlexico . - Roswell . - Hey . IVlorning , Poorboy . - IVlorning , Ex . How 's the melon ? My melon 's fine . That boy throws like a lady . I hear the Yankee scouts are here . Gonna nit numero 6-O ? - There ain 't no scouts here today . - Sure there are . Look . Over there . I 'll be damned . Hey , kids . - So how 's it going ? - Ex is stinking up the diamond . - Oh , yeah ? - Yeah . - Well , anybody can have a bad day . - The Yankee scouts are in attendance today . They won 't relish the idea of him being in the majors after such a piss-poor inning as this . Strike two ! ( crowd jeering ) ( umpire ) Two balls , two strikes now ! ( thundeU Hey , Ex ... Why 'd you tank that game today ? - I won that game today . - You tanked the game today . You want me to tell you why ? Because your name 's not Josh Exley . Josh Exley is a kid who disappeared from Macon , Georgia , the same time you showed up in Roswell . I ain 't been to Macon . When you got beaned , you said you were from Macon . I also spoke tongues like I did when I was a little boy in church . ( speaks gibberish ) I was joking , Arthur . Relax . I 'm relaxed . You 're hiding something . That 's why you don 't dare get into the major leagues cos those sportswriters 'd be digging around and tney 'd find out what it is , right ? So you tanked the game in front of those scouts today , disappointing those kids . Disappointing your teammates . Disappointing your race . Don 't go talking about my race . You know nothing . I know that liars come in all colours . You got a secret . Famous or not , I 'm gonna find out what it is . While you 're out chasing secrets , you make sure you chasing the right ones . ( thud ) ( man grunts ) Ex ? ( man grunts ) ( man grunts ) ( mumbling ) - ( QHSPS ) - ( screams ) ( mumbles ) ( 93595 ) Oh ... Oh , thank you . ( 93595 ) This is ridiculous . You 're supposed to be a big bad policeman . Now hold up , Arthur . Now before you go fainting again , listen to me . - It 's me , Arthur . It 's Ex . - This is an interesting dream . Wake up . Come on , Artie . Man , you ain 't dreaming . This is what I really look like . This is the real me . Ex ? That 's really you under there , Ex ? - OW ! - I ain 't under anything , Arthur . I 'm trying not to be insulted by your reaction to my true face . Look , would it be easier if I looked like this ? Would this be easier for you to handle ? - No . That 's even weirder . - Bus leaves in five ... Ooh . So why did you ... leave your family in , uh ... in Georgia ? - My people guard their privacy zealously . - I can understand that . They don 't like for us to intermingle with your people . Their philosophy is we stick to ourselves , you stick to yourselves , everybody 's happy . - So what happened ? - You know what happened . You fell in love with an Earth woman . - What ? - No . - I saw a baseball game . - Oh ... There 's something you gotta understand about my race . We don 't have a word for laughter . We don 't laugh . I don 't know if you noticed in between all that fainting you was doing ... But we have very tiny mouths , so no smiling even . But I tell you , when I saw that baseball game being played , this Iaughterjust ... just rolls up out of me . Know the sound the ball makes when it hits the bat ? It was like music to me . The smell of the grass , the leather mitt . The first unnecessary thing I ever done in my life , and I fell in love . I didn 't know the unnecessary could feel so good . You know , the game was meaningless , but it seemed to mean everything to me . It was ... useless but perfect . Yeah . Like ... like a rose . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Like a rose . Yeah . See ? You get it , Arthur . You 're a fan . Well , I tell you , from that moment on ... I just couldn 't fix myself to go home . Come up here , Ex . Let 's hear that beautiful voice . 6 .. together in that land 6 .. We 'll all be together in that land 6 .. We 'll all be together in that land - 6 Where I 'm bound - 6 Oh , Lord ! 6 We 'll all be together in that land 6 We 'll all be together in that land 6 We 'll all be together ... ( man on TV ) Gray Bus Lines . You can go home again . ( Mulder ) A free-spirited alien fell in love with baseball and ran away from the other non-fun-having aliens and made himself black to prevent him getting to the majors where his secret might be discovered by press and public . You 're also implying ... You certainly have a knack for turning chicken salad into chicken spit . You 're also implying that this alien has something to do with the famous Roswell UFO crash of July ' 47 , aren 't you ? You 're just dying to connect the dots , aren 't you , son ? Look , I gave you some wood , I asked you for a cabinet , you build me a cathedral . I don 'twant a cathedral . I like where I live . I just want a place to put my TV . Understand my drift ? Drift it is , sir . Trust the tale , Agent MacGyver , not the teller . That which fascinates us is , by definition , true . Speaking metaphorically , of course . So is Ex a man who is metaphorically an alien ? An alien who is metaphorically a man ? Or a something in between that was literally an alien-human hybrid ? It 's official . I am a horse 's ass . What is it to be human , Fox ? Is it to have the chemistry of a man ? In the universal scheme of things , a dog 's chemistry is nearly identical to that of a man . But is a dog like a man ? ( Mulder ) I 've noticed that , over time , a man and his clog will start to look like one another . ( Dales ) To be a man is to have the heart of a man . Integrity , decency , sympathy . These are the things that make a man a man . And Ex had them all . Had them all more than you or I. - ( phone rings ) - Dales . - ( mumbling ) - Ted ? Calm down . What is it ? This goo on the glove you gave me . Is this a joke ? Why ? It 's not like any chemical compound I 've seen . It 's from a life form which doesn 't seem to be carbon based , which by the way is impossible . This is way out of my league . I called the FBI and the Communicable Disease Center . Oh , no , Ted , you didn 't . Nobody was supposed to know . - Can you get the glove back to me ? - Sure . As soon as I finish up here . I didn 't mean to startle you . I 'm Josh . I know who you are . Only the best ball player west of the Bronx . Thank you . Arthur sent me here to explain the substance . That 's my mitt it ruined . Where is this stuff from ? IVlars . Actually just to the left of Mars . What do you think you 're doing ? ! Ex . A fella at the precinct is willing to swear on his life that you killed a man this afternoon . Now I 'm not sure what 's going on here . But I ... I do know that you 're no murderer . You 're gonna have to get out of town , Ex . - Life ain 't like baseball , is it ? - No . No , it 's not . I had a talk with my relative . A good talk . He made me understand reason , Arthur . Family 's more important than a game . So ... I gotta go home . You still consider them to be your family ? Of course I do . Who you think my family is ? I don 't know . Your team ? Next thing you 're gonna tell me is I owe it to the kids to break the home-run record . Or I owe it to the black folks to make it to the majors . Or I should keep playing out of some meaningless human concept of pride or loyalty . - I don 't know , Ex . - We don 't think like that , man . We may be able to look like y 'all , but we ain 't y 'all . - Know the big thing that separates us ? - What 's that ? We got rhythm . ( siren in distance ) - I better go . - Yeah . Hey , will you do me a favour ? Will you tell people what I did on the field ? - Will you tell your kids how I played ? - You know I will , Ex . Hey , man , uh ... one more thing . What ? You got a pretty good arm on you , boy . ( siren ) You may think you know the man but , believe me , you do not . You don 't know what I know . And you don 't know what I don 't know . This is no minor-league New Mexico cowboy cop crap . If I told you what was really going on , you 'd stare at me in wild-eyed wonder and pee your pants like a baby . Tell me what I wanna know . Where 's Exley ? I told you . He told me he was going home . ( umpire ) Play ball ! You sure your boy got the right prescription in those spectacles ? ( umpire ) Home run ! A witness puts him at the murder scene . Now I know they look alike , but unless he 's got a guy running around looks identical , he is a murderer , you could be an accomplice , and the two of you are sliding down a giant razor blade into a big old glass of lemonade . But you hand him over ... you can wear your big hat and pretty badge as long as you want . Are we finished ? No , Mr Dales . You 're finished . Home . God . Come on . It 's over . - I know . - I warned you . You didn 't listen . Now you die . It 's the right thing to do . What do you know of the right thing to do ? You who would risk exposing the entire project for a game ? A game . - I hit a home run tonight . - A home run ? Number 61 . I set a record . Show me your true face so you can die with dignity . As your executioner , I show you my true face before I kill you . Show me your true face or you will die without honour . This is my true face . So be it . No ! Stop ! Ex ! No ! Let me be ! Let me be ! Arthur , get off of me . Our blood is like acid to you people . Arthur , get away . Don 't touch it . It 's just blood , Ex . Look . It 's just blood . Wow . ( baseball players ) 6 Come and go with me to that land 6 Come and go with me to that land 6 Come and go with me to that land 6 Where I 'm bound 6 I got a brother in that land 6 I got a brother in that land 6 I got a brother in that land 6 Where I 'm bound , where I 'm bound 6 I got a brother in that land 6 I got a brother in that land 6 I got a brother in that land 6 Where I 'm bound ( baseball players humming ) So , uh , I get this message marked " urgent " on my answering service from one Fox Mantle , telling me to come down to the park for a very special , very early or very late birthday present . And Mulder ... I don 't see any nicely wrapped presents lying around , so what gives ? - You 've never hit a baseball , have you ? - No . I guess I have , uh ... Found more necessary things to do with my time than ... Slap a piece of horsehide with a stick . Get over here . ( baseball players ) 6 I got a sister in that 6 Where I 'm bound , where I 'm bound 6 I got a siste / 1- - Is this my birthday present , Mulder ? You shouldn 't have . This ain 't cheap . I 'm paying that kid ten bucks an hour to shag balls . It 's not a bad piece of ash , huh ? The bat . I 'm talking about the bat . Don 't strangle it . You wanna shake hands with it . Hello , Mr Bat . It 's a pleasure to make your acquaintance . No , Miss Scully . The pleasure 's all mine . OK , now we wanna ... we wanna go hips before hands , OK ? We wanna stride forward and turn . Thats what we 're thinking . - So we go hips ... before hands . All right ? - OK . One more time . Hips before hands . - All right ? What is it ? - Hips before hands . We 're gonna keep our eye on the ball and then We 're just gonna make contact . We 're not gonna think . We 're just gonna let it fly , Scullly , OK ? - Ready ? - I 'm in the middle . All right , fire away , Poorboy . Ooh ! That 's good . What you may find , as you 're concentrating on hitting that little ball ... The rest of the world fades away . Your everyday nagging concerns . The ticking of your biological clock . How you probably couldn 't afford that nice new suede coat on a G-woman 's salary . How you threw away a promising career in medicine to hunt aliens with your crackpot , albeit brilliant , partner . Getting to the heart of a global conspiracy . Your obscenely overdue triple-X bill . Oh , I 'm sorry , Scully . Those last two problems are mine , not yours . Shut up , IVlulder . I 'm playing baseball . ( baseball players ) 6 Where I 'm bound , where I 'm bound 6 Come and go with me to that land 6 Come and go with me to that land 6 Come and go with me to that land 6 Where I 'm bound Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
