 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi Hi , I 'm Kim Manners , and I directed this episode , called " IVIilagro " This first shot here introduces Jonathan Hawkes . We brought a big crane in . We pulled the roof off the set , craned down into the ... Our character here , at this typewriter , staring intently . I wanted to tell the story , basically , in a series of images . That 's why all the quick cutting . This is a lock-off that we did , and we cross-faded . You lock off your camera , and just let the actor meander , and you cross-fade . It 's a great way to tell the passage of time . The light change there that Billy Roe did . The sun has gone down , now we 're into the evening . The camera 's still locked , it hasn 't moved . I think this scene here kind of foreshadows what this story is ultimately about , which is a man who has no love in his heart , only evil . And at the end of this episode he 'll make the ultimate sacrifice by killing himself to prove that he does have love in his heart . That was tough to pull off , where we pulled his heart out of his chest , because we had to put this rubber heart in there , and hide it , and make it look believable . Thats why we started the blood through the shirt . It helped hide the fact that we were doing a little sleight of hand there . This set was built in our " red-blue room " _ This set was originally built for a show called " The Beginning " , the opening of season six . We 've used this set over and over and over again , I think it 's been 28 different things . There 's our heart , burning in the fire . That was done with certain elements . We put a real heart in there - or a phoney heart , I should say . And then John Wash had to recreate it through CGI , because the phoney heart was just for a line-up . We couldn 't put the fire on it , cos it would melt the heart . This is when our character first meets Scully . Obviously becomes quite infatuated with her . That shot there , you can 't shoot a shot that tight in TV . That was shot with a ... What they call a 45 , a slant 45-millimetre lens with a time-and-a-half extender , so they can get that tight . Because of the television format , you can 't get that tight with normal lenses . This scene was a little tough for Gillian to pull off , because , as scary as this might be for some reason , she somehow finds that , rather , there was something dangerously exciting about that encounter . Now , this is a series of murders that they 're investigating , that are allegedly created by the main character of this man 's books . Jonathan Hawkes played this character - I don 't remember the character 's name . I love this script . I love the author , who was living vicariously through his main character , a killer in his book . Now he 's become infatuated with Scully here , and ... Now he 'll write to this , and some of it comes true , that the character actually meets Scully , and so does he . I just thought it was kind of a very interesting character study . And I chose to shoot it very simply . I didn 't put a lot of razzle-dazzle in the camera work or anything . I just tried to let the characters carry it . This is source lighting through the window . Nothing but moonlight through a window . Probably a little negative fill here on his left side , to just get some half-light on his face . We used a jib arm , because if you notice , the camera came from profile , right over the top of him . This was shot up at Griffith Park . There 's a very small forest up there , and probably the only pine trees in Los Angeles . It 's in one isolated spot in Griffith Park , so that 's where we went to shoot this . And this is the character in the book . This is played by Nestor Serrano . This is what intrigued me about this script , you never know if this character is real , or how he escapes the pages of the book . I thought it was very interesting . That was shot on a 20omm lens to throw the lights of LA out of focus in the background , cos I did not want to know we were in LA . We created this - all these bushes , we brought in , because there was no foliage up at Griffith Park this thick . It was all brought in off a truck , all these bushes . That beating heart was being beaten by a man with a hose and a pump . ( laughs ) And that 's our lead character again , just finishing typing that chapter of the book which just took place . We have a library of establishing shots for , um , especially the Hoover Building in Washington , and a number of establishing shots of Washington itself . So we , unfortunately , have used many of them over and over and over again . I think , about three years ago , we sent out Paul Rabwin and a group of Washingtonian filmmakers to shoot us a new batch , because the old ones were getting recycled too often . It 's interesting to watch these older episodes and see David and Gillian , the different looks they had . Gillian 's hair is short , so short here . And they 're so much younger . ( laughs ) Here again , Scully 's captivated by this . There 's something very dangerous here that she finds very intriguing , very seductive . I wanted to ramp to slow motion here , and really study what she was ... The seductiveness of this . And then cut over here to Jonathan Hawkes , and recreate basically the same move . He 's a very good actor . I haven 't seen him much , but he 's a tremendous , tremendous talent . He was perfect for this role . This is one of my favourite episodes , actually , " IVlilagro " . This looks like it was shot at about 120 frames a second . Now , film travels through a camera at 24 frames a second , which is normal speed . So we shot it at 120 frames a second , and then projected it at 24 , so that 's why you get your slow motion . This prop was made over and over and over again , to get it right . It was very difficult . A heart with a hand . This church is in downtown ... actually , it 's not downtown . It 's down here , off of Olympic , I believe . It 's a beautiful , beautiful old church . This is one of my favourite scenes in the movie . This is Jonathan Hawkes ' point of view of Scully entering this church . I wanted to shoot this simply . Once they get there , the camera won 't move . We shot wide , medium and tight overs . And we just let ... again , just let the actors carry the scene . But it 's such beautiful backgrounds . Now , this is their first encounter , and he Knows all about her . He seems to know more about her than ... And it 's frightening her . But at the same time , her fear is , again , very seductive . This scene reminds me of the moth to the flame , the moth 's attraction to the flame . This is terrific , a great example of a well-written scene . Actors don 't struggle with scenes like this when they 're really well-written . As I recall , we did three different sizes here , and I had to shoot them all with one camera . I couldn 't get two cameras in to get two sizes at the same time , it was just too crowded . But as I recall , we didn 't go many more than maybe two or three takes for each one of these . Because the material is so good , the actors just eat it up . It 's also easy for an actress like Gillian to work with an actor like Jonathan , who does his homework , and is well prepared and is as talented as he is . I mean , it really becomes a joy to watch two actors who really bounce off of each other . They didn 't improvise , but look at the tears in her eyes here . I mean , this is ... Nobody blew menthol crystals in her eyes . She 's listening to the actor here , and he 's listening to her . This is a real good example of two actors who are in the scene together , and the reason they 're in the scene is because they 're listening to each other . They 're not listening for their cues , they 're listening to what the other person is saying . And that 's why Gillian got so emotional there , because she was totally in the scene . This is when acting is not acting . It 's , you know ... it 's the real deal . It 's the real thing . Method acting is when you 're ... you 're working it too hard . You know , acting is a craft that ... No one should ever catch another person acting . If you 're really a good actor , you shoulcln 't make ... it shoulcln 't look like acting . And that 's what a scene like that was . It was two people who are really in the moment . That 's why this episode is really so special , because it 's great actors who are doing some very well-drawn characters . Again , I wanted it ... You wanna be in the character 's head in an episode like this , because , you know , it 's not about the monster of the week , or anything like that . So you wanna ... Especially me , as a director , I love to shoot tight , and get into their heads . These close-ups right here , in this scene , are loose as far as I 'm concerned . I love to get into , you know , eyebrows and chin and ... And this was a scene that I call the Quinn Martin scene . I start tight on the mailbox and pull back , and I had to do it over and over again , so it didn 't look like a 1970s TV shot . But we finally got it to ... Phillip Padgett , that 's his name . But we finally got it to pull back and fit , rather than look like a zoom , you know ? Here comes Phillip Padgett now . It 's a fake elevator , and there it is . It 's on the lobby floor , and we shoot inside of it . And at a point here , we 're gonna have to move the whole elevator to the next floor , so when the doors open you 're someplace else . They 're walking down the hall of Mulder 's apartment , so we actually had to move it to the hall from the lobby . I don 't like storyboards . I 'd rather ... The way I do my homework is , I see the scenes in my head , and I make some kind of very rudimentary notes to myself that only I can read . I have a shorthand . And I 'm a very , very fortunate director , because after I see a scene and make my notes , I can pick up the script a week and a half later , and the notes prompt me to the visions I had , and I can recreate them then with the camera . Basically , I put myself in the audience 's chair . I 'd read a scene over and over again , and I 'd say " What do I wanna see as an audience member ? What images do I wanna see ? " " What cool images do I wanna see , to make this scene ... to tell the story of this scene ? " And that 's how I started , and then ... I 've been doing it for so long that I understand the characters , I understand what Chris wants . This is a different prop than the one you saw earlier . We 're not gonna show you the face of it , only the back of it . And this is Scully 's fantasy here . We didn 't really have time to improvise much on The X-Files . They 'd read a scene , and if it didn 'twork for them , they might change some dialogue , but , you know , the storytelling in The X-Files is always very specific . So it really isn 't an arena for improvisation . That would be a second-unit insert . But you can see what 's happening here on screen . What he 's writing is actually happening to Scully , so he 's ... almost hypnotising her through his writing . They say danger 's very exciting , and that 's what this episode is about for Scully. it 's . _ _ She Knows every step of the way she 's doing something wrong , but it 's too enticing . The danger element of it is too enticing to her . It 's a very sexy story , actually . Meanwhile , Mulder 's working the case here . He 's up to something . Basically , working in Los Angeles and working in Vancouver was ... While Vancouver was exciting , and we had the opportunity to be in a very dark , dreary , rainy , wet atmosphere , which suited The X-Files and the mood of The X-Files , it was a wonderful relief , for me anyhow , to be able to come to Los Angeles and work in the dry air , and have a little sunshine and a little warmth . Vancouver was very demanding . Very , very demanding , and it was nice for me to be able to work here in LA , go home at night and have a home-cooked meal , be with my wife and children . I think it worked . I think David and Gillian liked the move , as well . I think it worked really well for them and their ... and their spirits . I think ... I think the Work ... I don 't think the work suffered for moving it from Vancouver . I think , if anything , it may have gotten a little better . The crews in Vancouver worked ... You know , our crew in Vancouver was tremendous . We worked at North Shore Studios , and they were small sound stages . To be able to come up here and work on Fox 's massive sound stages was a treat . You know , it 's always kind of a treat to be able to work on a lot that has so much history . And we got very lucky , cos our biggest concern when we moved from Vancouver was that we would never find a crew as good as that Vancouver crew . As a matter of fact , we found a crew that was more than up to the task . Our crew in Los Angeles were just the hardest-working people , and a great family . We were very fortunate to be able to replace the Vancouver people with such a tremendous group of people here in Los Angeles . This shot was done , again , on a jib arm . This is a remote-controlled camera that 's underslung from a long jib arm on the dolly . And I 've come all the way around them here . It 's tough for Bill Roe , because I 'm seeing almost all of the set , so he doesn 't have a lot of place to put light . But Bill 's ... He 's never had a challenge that he couldn 't meet . He 'll light from the floor , light could come through the windows . Everything he does , he makes it ... You can 't throw him a curve ball , Bill . Here Mulder 's put together the crime , he 's figured out that what this man is writing is exactly what the murders are , that are going around here in town . So he 's ... he 's got him now as a suspect , when in fact it 's not him at all , but the character of his book , which is obviously the paranormal element here in this element ... this episode . I work on the editing process quite a bit , once we 're done shooting a show . I 'll spend two , three days in the cutting room with the editor , and we 'll go through the show , shot for shot , scene for scene , and we 'll get it just the way we want it , and then I turn it over to the other producers . And I work together hand in hand with them , to make sure the show maintains its integrity . Oftentimes , our shows will run long , maybe 10 , 12 minutes long , and we have to find that film to cutout . We only have a certain amount of time that each episode can run . But , because I 'm also an executive producer here , the other producers take great care to preserve my vision and my film . They 're always ready to out dialogue in order to preserve my shots , my vision , as it were . For that , I 'm very lucky , really . This is shot downtown . This is , I believe ... I can 't remember the name of this building . This was shot downtown in a giant warehouse , where other studios have come in , and they built this jail set . And so we heard of it , and we went downtown and used it , utilised it . We were there for a day or two , I think . This was a very simple episode . There weren 't a lot of locations , there weren 't a lot of exteriors _ It was a real ... a real interior show . That 's why I 'm shooting here so tight . I just ... It 's all up to the actors to carry a piece like this . This cemetery , this is all special-effects fog that we had to lay out , and it was a huge area . And they put down ... It 's not just smoke , they put down little misters . And it was cold , so the mist would stay low to the ground . This is on location , I believe someplace in Glendale . This was tough , because we 've got a chase coming up , and there were lots of holes in the ground , and I didn 'twant this little girl to get hurt , or Nestor - Nestor Serrano , who plays the character in the book . There he is , there . Those are stunt people , stunt doubles , who took that fall . This was interesting . One of the reasons that ... One of the big things that attracted me to this story is that this character is never explained . In other words , it 's the evil in Jonathan Hawkes ' , or Phillip Padgett 's heart , really creating these murders . But we never answer whether it 's Phillip Padgett that does the murders or if it 's really the character in the book that comes from the pages . That was never answered , and I found that very intriguing , really . That 's the thing about The X-Files . It oftentimes will leave more questions than it 'll give you answers . But that 's what gets the audience thinking . This was shot on a motorcycle . David Duchovny can run faster ... Well , we did an episode called " Tunguska " , and he outran two horses . So I had to get on a motorcycle with a camera to keep up with him . This was tough on this little actress . We had to bury her in all of these flowers . As I recall , she had allergies . ( laughs ) And it was very tough for her to lay quiet underneath there , until we got her uncovered . Back in the jail again . You can see it 's a big complex that this company built . That 's why we went clown there to use this set . For us to build a set like this would have cost maybe $ 400,000 , and we probably rented it for $ 5,000 , so ... The mythology episodes are very complicated . We have to get them just right . The stand-alones give you a little more freedom , creatively . The mythology episodes are an established style or established story line . They 're usually shot ... They 're usually bigger episodes , where with your stand-alone episodes , it 's kind of your independent vision . It 's not part of a running story . So , like I say , I used to prefer the stand-alones . Now I ... They 're both ... they 're both challenging , in their own way . This is the scene here where the character actually confronts the author , and again , we never ... we never say whether this is real or not , although at one point the character disappears , so this is really a conversation that Phillip Padgett is having in his own head . Interesting wardrobe choice , this hood . We wanted to make him look like Death himself . Mulder and Scully are watching . There 's nothing happening . He 's not talking to anybody . So this whole scene is a figment of this imagination . I worked with Nestor on a series called Hat Squad that we shot in Vancouver , about three brothers who were cops , and who had a father , played by James Tolkan , who was an ex-cop . And these guys , these three brothers , all wore hats , fedoras . It was based on an actual squad of police , I believe , out of Chicago . Nestor 's a great actor . This scene is where the character is telling Phillip Padgett that he only has evil in his heart , no love in his heart , that he can 't feel love because he has no love , he only has evil . This is the scene that sets Phillip Padgett up at the end of the hour , to tear out his own heart , to prove that he can sacrifice his own life for the love that he feels for Scully , so that nothing , no ill will , befalls Scully . This is the scene where he 's gonna burn his manuscript . This is on stage . This is back in that set that I was talking about , the red-blue room . This is over on stage six at Twentieth Century Fox . Now we have a little interaction.The character from the book is now gonna kill Scully . And Phillip Padgett knows it , and Mulder now is ... Unbeknownst to him , Mulder is actually interfering with Phillip Padgett saving Scully 's life . This was a really well-written piece . Revisiting it has been a lot of fun here . There you have it . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
