 Yeah , this is Roky . I checked all the connections . I don 't know why all the power 's down out here . I 'm going to have to come in and get some more equipment . Yeah , yeah . Yeah , I 'll need several of those . All right . Um ... I don 't want to scare you , but ... I think I 'm madly in love with you . I mean , you 're all I think about . You 're my whole world . Harold , I like you a lot , too , but this is our first date . I mean , I think that we need more time to get to know one another . What happened ? Oh , my God ! Harold ... what are those things ? How the hell should I know ? Jack , what is that thing ? How the hell should I know ? I had never thought much about it before . I guess that 's because I always felt like such an alien myself that to be concerned with aliens from ... other planets ... that just seemed so , uh ... redundant . I 'd never actually considered it much myself before I started this job . Yes . Now , if I understand it correctly , your partner is the actual expert ? Yes , and I feel that I must apologize for his refusal to speak with you , Mr. Chung , but , uh , I must admit , I probably wouldn 't have myself if I wasn 't such an admirer of your work . - Oh . - The Lonely Buddha is one of my favorite novels . Oh . And here I was thinking you were just some brainy beauty . Now I find out that you also have good taste . What made you decide to write a book on an alien abduction if you 're not that interested in the subject matter ? Actually , it was my publisher 's idea . At first I was reluctant , until I realized that I had an opportunity here to create an entirely new literary genre ... a nonfiction science fiction . Now , see , that gimmick alone will guarantee its landing on the best-seller list . In short , to answer your question : money . Well , just as long as you 're attempting to record the truth . Dear God , no . How can I possibly do that ? What do you mean ? I spent three months in Klass County , and everybody there has a different version of what truly happened . Truth is as subjective as reality . That will help explain why when people talk about their " UFO " experiences , they always start off with , " Well , now , I know how crazy this is going to sound , but ... " So , you 're here to get my version of the truth . Exactly . Now , when did you first find out about the case ? Well ... not right away , of course . Um ... not enough time had elapsed for it to be considered a missing persons case before the girl was found the following morning . She was suffering from what my partner calls " missing time . " She recalled nothing of the previous night , nor how she had arrived at her present whereabouts . Her body exhibited signs of physical abuse . And all of her clothes were on inside-out and backwards . Have I had my share of mornings like that . Oh , but these are the characteristics of someone who has ... wait a minute . Do you prefer the term " abductee " or " experiencer " ? Actually , I prefer neither , but my partner uses " abductee . " My preference is for the other . " I 've just had a little alien experience , " as opposed to , " I 've just been abducted . " Regardless , the girl was considered neither at the time . She appeared more to be the victim of date rape than anything else . She was given a physical exam , and her statement was taken . Later that night , she received her ... visitation . Oh , Chrissy , thank God you 're all right . How dare you come here . Chrissy , I did everything I could . Don 't I know it , you bastard . Chrissy ! Don 't you remember ? Who the hell is out there , damn it ? ! Chrissy , I love you . The girl 's father informed the police , who apprehended the boy back at his own home . We ... we were abducted by aliens . You don 't sound so sure of it . It all seems so crazy , and I don 't know why Chrissy doesn 't remember it . You willing to take a lie detector test to prove you were abducted by creatures from outer space ? Yes , I am . Well , too bad , 'cause I don 't need no lie detector to tell me the only thing you were abducted by were your rampaging hormones , you punk ! But he did take a test and passed it ? And he stuck to his story ... until we got there . If she says I raped her , then ... I guess I raped her . You don 't sound so sure of that . Well , it seems so crazy , and I don 't know why Chrissy remembers it that way . Would you be willing to take a lie detector test to prove that you raped her ? No . I 'm not . Well , that 's too bad , because the next rape you experience will probably be your own . In prison . That should have ended our interrogation , but Mulder brought the girl in for questioning . Are you having trouble sleeping ? Are you experiencing muscle pains ? Vision problems ? Nosebleeds ? When you look at a particular object , do you receive the sudden flash that you 're actually looking at something else ? Like an alien 's face ? Yes ! So my partner became convinced that she was suffering from what he calls " post-abduction syndrome . " You don 't believe in the disorder ? Well , I think that stress of any kind can cause all of those physical ailments . In any case , Mulder convinced the girl and her parents to let her be hypnotized . What is your opinion of hypnosis ? I know that it has its therapeutic value , but it has never been proven to enhance memory . In fact , it actually worsens it , since people in that state are prone to confabulation . When I was doing research for my book , The Caligarian Candidate ... One of the greatest thrillers ever written . Oh ... thank you . I was , uh ... interested in how the CIA , when conducting their MKUltra mind control experiments back in the ' 50s , had no idea how hypnosis worked . Hmm . Or what it was . No one still knows . Still , as a storyteller , I 'm fascinated how a person 's sense of consciousness can be so transformed by nothing more magical than listening to words . Mere words . You are feeling very sleepy , very relaxed . As your body calmly drifts deeper and deeper into a state of peaceful relaxation , you will respond only to the sound of my voice . Chrissy , can you recall where you are ? I 'm in a room ... on a spaceship ... surrounded by aliens . What do the aliens look like ? They 're small , but their heads and their eyes are big . They 're grey . Are you alone ? No . Harold 's on another table , but he seems really out of it , like he 's not really there . What are the aliens doing now ? They seem to be arguing . I can sort of hear them , but I can 't understand what they 're saying . Except the leader . I can understand him . When the leader speaks to you , does his mouth move ? No . But I hear him in my head . What is he saying ? He 's telling me this is for the good of my planet , but ... But what ? But I don 't like what he 's doing . It 's like he 's inside my mind , like like he 's stealing my memories . The description of the aliens , the physical exam , the mind scan , the presence of another human being that appears switched off ... it 's all characteristic of a typical abduction . That 's my problem with it , Mulder . It 's all a little too typical . Abduction lore has become so prevalent in our society that you can ask someone to imagine what it would be like to be abducted , and they 'd concoct an identical scenario . Yeah , if it were only one person , Scully , but we have two individuals here , each verifying the other 's story . - But ... - Well , thanks a lot ! You really bleeped up this case . Well , of course he didn 't actually say " bleeped . " He said ... I 'm familiar with Detective Manners' colorful phraseology . You 'll still going to hold the boy ? Oh , you bet your blankety-blank bleep I am . The victim seems to confirm his alibi . The hell she did . Those kids ' stories couldn 't be more bleeping different . Chrissy ? Chrissy ? What do you want with us ? How did the alien respond ? Well ... all he did was ... What ... ? What 's happening ? Don 't worry . It 'll be okay . I 'm here to protect you . I 'll never let anything happen to you . What was the other alien ... the grey ... what was it doing during all this ? He was just ... talking . Telepathically ? No . In English . He just kept saying the same thing over and over again . This is not happening . This is not happening . This is not happening . This is not happening . Would you shut up already ? No ! This is not happening . This is not happening . I don 't know where I was taken , because the whole time I was like this ... in pain . Because the other alien was conducting torturous experiments on you ? No . No . It was like ... you know when you were a kid , and you tore the legs off a bug for no reason ? I guess I was the bug . Anyways , the next thing I remember , I was suddenly outside , like I was flying through the air or something . Then what ? Then I think I hit the ground . When I came to , I immediately ran to Chrissy 's to make sure she was there and that she was okay . Harold , did you and Chrissy engage in consensual sexual intercourse that night ? If her father finds out , I 'm a dead man . He said it happened before the abduction . So what if they had sex ? So we know that it wasn 't an alien that probed her . Mulder , you 've got two kids having sex before they 're mature enough to know how to handle it . So you 're saying that all this is just a case of sexual trauma ? It 's a lot more plausible than an alien abduction , especially in light of their contradictory stories . Hey ! I just got a call from some crazy bleep head claiming he was an eyewitness to this alien abduction . You feel like talking to this blank hole ? I know how crazy all this sounds , but I don 't care . What I have to say has to be said . Why did you wait till now to tell us this information ? Two kids ' lives may be affected by it . Well , it 's bigger than a couple of kids . It has to do with the entire planet , the universe and who knows what all . Why don 't you tell us what happened that night . This . It 's all here . After seeing what I saw that night , I rushed right home and wrote it all down . 48 hours straight . I didn 't want to forget a single detail . But I feel that I should warn you ... I don 't want to be overly dramatic here ... but by looking at this , you 're putting your lives in danger . Why is that ? Because last night , the weirdest thing happened . No other object has been misidentified as a flying saucer more often than the planet Venus . Really ? That was when I realized something was weird . At which point ? See , normally , if two strangers drive into my garage , I 'd tell them to get the hell off the property , but this time , I didn 't . It was like I was in a trance or something . What did these men look like ? Usually I 'm really good with faces , but this time , all I can remember is how they were dressed . - They were ... - All in black ? How 'd you know that ? Since the ' 50s , people who have had close encounters have reported subsequent visitations from these unearthly men in black . But , you know , myths about men in black garments have been recorded throughout history in many different cultures . The Celtic legends are filled with trickster men in black and how anyone who encounters them becomes enchanted . Unfortunately , I 'm not sure that modern reconstruction of ancient fairy tales lends any more credence to Roky 's testimony . Even the former leader of your United States of America , James Earl Carter , Jr . , thought he saw a UFO once . But it 's been proven he only saw the planet Venus . I 'm a Republican . Venus was at its peak brilliance last night . You probably thought you saw something up in the sky other than Venus , but I assure you , it was Venus . I know ... what I saw . Your scientists have yet to discover how neural networks create self-consciousness , let alone how the human brain processes two-dimensional retinal images into the three-dimensional phenomenon known as perception . Yet you somehow brazenly declare seeing is believing ? Mr. Crikenson , your scientific illiteracy makes me shudder . And I wouldn 't flaunt your ignorance by telling anyone that you saw anything last night other than the planet Venus , because if you do , you 're a dead man . You can 't threaten me . I just did . This is what they wanted me not to show anyone . Now if you 'll excuse me , I have to go pack . If we have any more questions , where can we find you ? You won 't find me . " I sat in my stalled truck frozen in terror , " watching as this third alien " attacked the other two grey aliens . " And then it happened , the thing that forever changed my life . " Roky ! Roky ! Be thou not afraid . No harm will come unto thee . What do you want with me ? Your efforts are needed for the survival of all earthlings . How can I do that ? Come . I shall showeth ... " ' ... thee . ' " Before I knew it , I was aboard the hover vessel " and was heading not into outer space , " but into inner space , toward the Earth 's molten core , " for that is the domain of the third alien , whose name , he soon told me , was Lord Kinbote . " In short , Roky showed signs of being what is known as a fantasy-prone personality . Agent Scully , you are so kindhearted . He 's a nut ! I just read his manifesto . How did you get a copy ? One was sent to my publisher . I don 't know what was most disturbing ... his description of the inner core-reincarnated soul sex orgy or the fact that the whole thing is written in screenplay format . It definitely was peculiar . Well , surely your partner didn 't believe any of it . Well , Mulder 's had his share of peculiar notions . He 's not inclined to dismiss anything outright . Mulder , you 're nuts . I 'm not saying he isn 't delusional , I 'm just suggesting that his delusional state was triggered by something he actually witnessed that night . And the first part of his story verifies the boy 's version . In fact , the only account that doesn 't add up is the girl 's . Who are you calling ? I 'm going to arrange to have her re-hypnotized . Re-hypnotized ? What for ? To see if what she remembers is really what she remembers . You are feeling very sleepy , very relaxed . As your body calmly drifts deeper and deeper into a state of peaceful relaxation , you will respond only to the sound of my voice . So the girl was put under again to see if she could confirm any of the boy 's story , and as I suspected she might under such conditions , she did . The whole time it 's beating me , I 'm like this . And then I 'm ... I 'm flying through the air . Now what 's happening ? Some men are lifting me off the ground , men in Air Force uniforms . Air Force ? Where are you now , Chrissy ? I 'm in a room ... in an office . I 'm surrounded by men . Some are in uniforms ; some are in suits . The one closest to me looks like a doctor . He 's talking to me . What is he saying ? You 're feeling very sleepy , very relaxed . I don 't remember . What are the other men doing ? They seem to be arguing . Ask her if this third alien had a Russian accent . This is way beyond their capabilities . This is way beyond our capabilities . Ask if she knows where the grey alien 's saucer went to . How is she going to know that ? Have we located any of the others ? We 're combing the area , but this weather makes it tough . All right . Rinse her out and give her the usual abduction rigmarole . What is the doctor doing now ? He 's telling me this is for the good of my country . I don 't like what he 's doing . He 's stealing my memories . Mulder , I think that you and the hypnotherapist were leading her , and I think that there was more confabulation in the second version than in the first . I think you 're wrong about that , Scully . But I do think you 're right about one thing : that this case might not have anything to do with aliens . Hey , I just got a call from some crazy blankety-blank claiming he found a real live dead alien body . I know how crazy this is going to sound , but ... I want to be abducted by aliens . Why ? Whatever for ? I hate this town . I hate ... people . I just want to be taken away to someplace where I ... I don 't have to worry about finding a job . So you were out in the field that night ? Looking for UFOs . There 'd been some recent sightings in that area , so I was just hoping to stumble across one . Now , I 've read every book ever written about UFOs and aliens , not because I had to but because I wanted to . And I should 've known to just go get my video camera then instead of notifying the proper authorities . What was wrong with doing that ? Because the proper authorities showed up with a couple of men in black . One of them was disguised as a woman , but wasn 't pulling it off . Like , her hair was red , but it was a little too red , you know ? And the other one ... the tall , lanky one ... his face was so blank and expressionless . He didn 't even seem human . I-I think he was a mandroid . The only time he reacted was when he saw the dead body . Yeah , that 's a bleeping dead alien body if I ever bleeping saw one . Wrap it up . You got him ? You never saw this . This didn 't happen . You tell anyone , you 're a dead man . He said I said what ? When I interviewed him , he claimed you threatened him . That 's ridiculous ! I ... And , besides , we allowed him to view the autopsy . Whoa ! Hey , hey ! You can 't suppress the truth . The people have a right to know . Roswell ... Roswell ! Hey ! Does that camera work ? Is this actual footage of the alien autopsy or simply a well-made hoax ? So this is footage of the actual autopsy you performed . It 's so embarrassing . Who is that mysterious man who seems to be overseeing the proceedings ? And what secret government agency does this autopsy doctor work for ? But see , whoever got ahold of this footage edited it in such a way as to delete all the significant findings . There appear to be two layers of epidermis . There 's a metal strip that runs just under the top layer , down the ... It 's a zipper . You mean it 's-it 's just a dead human being ? Well ... Well , then , who is this bleep ? I don 't know , but I bet we can find his I.D. from the military database . Have you seen our video cameraman ? No , but I found our alien 's I.D. You were right , Mulder . Air Force Major Robert Vallee . That was fast . Agent Mulder ? We were notified one of our officers was confined here under your custody . Who notified you ? Major Vallee is AWOL , sir . Our orders are to escort him back to the base . Well , the major is dead ... his body 's being detained for further investigation . Investigation into what , ma 'am ? Possible kidnapping . May we at least view the body for verification ? - I don 't see why not . - No , no , no . But you can talk to the other AWOL pilot that was brought in with him . Lieutenant Jack Sheaffer is also in your custody ? That 's right . Yeah , he 's-he 's right down ... here . Oh . He was ... he was here just a few minutes ago . I-I guess he 's still AWOL . You want to take a look at Vallee ? Hmm . Guess he 's still AWOL . So what else is new ? I got to find that video guy . The wound is situated left of the midline of the abdomen . The edges of the tissue appear to be torn apart ... Who is it ? Hey ! You can 't ... What do you think you 're doing ? Hey , I ... Hey . You have no right to suppress ... Roswell ... Roswell ! I was unconscious for ... I don 't know how long , and the only reason I came to was ... Where 's the tape ? They took it . Who ? ! The other men in black . If I find out you lied to me , you 're a dead man . And then he left . I never saw any of them again . Aren 't you nervous telling me all this after receiving all those death threats ? Well , hey , I didn 't spend all those years playing Dungeons Dragons and not learn a little something about courage . Oh . Hmm . After not recovering the tape , Mulder was heading back to the motel , and that 's when his account of things gets a little ... odd . Lieutenant Jack Sheaffer ? This is not happening ! It 's not happening ! This is not happening . It 's not happening . It 's not happening . The Germans used to project the image of the Virgin Mary over the French trenches in World War One . The enemy 's always willing to fire upon an invading force , but on a holy miracle ? Or on visitors from outer space ? Yeah , the enemy sees an American recon plane , they start shooting . They see a flying saucer from another galaxy , they hesitate . You know what happens to most people after seeing a UFO ? They experience missing time . Any number of " soft option kills " will do it ... nerve gas , low-frequency infrasound beams ... Hell , with high-powered microwaves , you can not only cut enemy communications , you can cook internal organs . But abductions ? Don 't know as much about them . I 'm just the pilot . You ever flown a flying saucer ? Afterwards , sex seems trite . Well , what do you do with the abductees ? Take them back to the base . Let the doctors work on them . Nothing physical . They just mess with their minds . Hypnosis . At the base , I 've seen people go into an ordinary room with an ordinary bunch of doctors and come out absolutely positive they were probed by aliens . But if abductions are just a covert intelligence operation and UFOs are merely secret military airships piloted by " aliens , " such as yourself , then what were you abducted by ? Don 't you get it ? I 'm absolutely positive me , my copilot and those two kids were abducted , but I can 't be absolutely sure it happened . I can 't be sure of anything anymore . What do you mean ? I 'm not sure we 're even having this conversation . I don 't know if these mashed potatoes are really here . I don 't know if you even exist . I can only assure you that I do . Well , thanks , buddy . Unfortunately , I can 't give you the same assurance about me . Well ... - looks like I 'm a dead man . - Wait a minute . Wait a minute . It can 't all be fake memory implantation . What about that third alien ? Wh-What was that thing ? Who ? Lord Kinbote ? All right , come on . That is odd , because almost every day I was there , I ate lunch at that diner and became dear friends with the cook . He told me a story about the night you 're talking about . A man came into his place ... Sweet potato pie . ... sat down , ordered sweet potato pie , identified himself as FBI Agent Mulder . He then questioned my friend . You ever seen a UFO in these parts ? He then ordered piece after piece , each time asking another question . You ever experienced a period of missing time ? You ever had the suspicion that you 've been abducted by aliens ? Have you ever found a metal implant in your body ? Have you checked everywhere ? He ate a whole pie in that fashion , then got up and left . My friend never saw him again . The cook never mentioned Lieutenant Sheaffer , let alone any other Air Force personnel . You seem non-nonplussed by these contradictions . Well , not after what happened when Mulder left the diner and got back to the motel . Scully ? Where 's Scully ? Oh . She , uh ... She went to get some ice . Where is she ? ! Scully , what 's going on here ? Mulder , these gentlemen have something very important to tell you . Some alien encounters are hoaxes perpetrated by your government to manipulate the public . Some of these hoaxes are intentionally revealed to manipulate the truth-seekers who become discredited if they disclose the deliberately absurd deception . Similar things are said about the men in black . That they purposely dress and behave strangely so that if anyone tries to describe an encounter with them , they come off sounding like a lunatic . I find absolutely no reason why anyone would think you crazy if you described this meeting of ours . You 're feeling very sleepy ... very relaxed . Alex Trebek ? The game show host ? Mulder didn 't say that it was Alex Trebek . It was just someone that looked incredibly like him . Did he ? I mean , you were there . Well , not exactly . Um ... I don 't have any recollection of this . I ... was surprised to wake up the next morning to find Mulder asleep in my room . Oh . But , Mulder , I don 't even remember letting you in . I told you , you didn 't let me in . They were already here . Scully . We 'll be right there . That was Detective Manners . He said they just found your bleeping UFO . Apparently , that was the cause of all those UFO sightings three nights ago . They refused our assistance because it 's some kind of top-secret experimental plane . They don 't want our assistance . They want witnesses to their alibi . Excuse me , ma 'am . Hey ! That was the guy that was ... Bleep . I know it probably doesn 't have the sense of closure that you want , but it has more than some of our other cases . Agent Mulder ? Thanks . What can I do for you , Agent Mulder ? Don 't write this book . You 'll perform a disservice to a field of inquiry that has always struggled for respectability . You 're a gifted writer , but no amount of talent could describe the events that occurred in any realistic vein because they deal with alternative realities that we 're yet to comprehend . And when presented in the wrong way , in the wrong context , the incidents and the people involved in them can appear foolish , if not downright psychotic . I also know that your publishing house is owned by Warden White , Incorporated ... a subsidiary of MacDougall-Kesler ... which makes me suspect a covert agenda for your book on the part of the military-industrial - entertainment complex . Agent Mulder , this book will be written , but it can only benefit if you can explain something to me . What 's that ? What really happened to those kids on that night ? How the hell should I know ? Agent Mulder , I appreciate this little visit , but I have deadlines to face . Evidence of extraterrestrial existence remains as elusive as ever , but the skies will continue to be searched by the likes of Blaine Faulkner , hoping to someday find not only proof of alien life , but also contentment on a new world . Until then , he must be content with his new job . Others search for answers from within . Roky relocated to El Cajon , California , preaching to the lost and desperate . And so at each death , the soul descends further into the inner earth , attaining ever greater levels of purification , reaching enlightenment at the core . Assuming , of course , that your soul is able to avoid the lava men . Seeking the truth about aliens means a perfunctory 9 : 00-to-5 : 00 job to some . For although agent Diana Lesky is noble of spirit and pure at heart , she remains , nevertheless , a federal employee . As for her partner , Renard Muldrake ... that ticking time bomb of insanity ... his quest into the unknown has so warped his psyche , one shudders to think how he receives any pleasures from life . Chrissy Giorgio has come to believe her alien visitation was a message to improve the condition of her own world , and she has devoted herself to this goal wholeheartedly . Oh , it 's you . What do you want ? I just wanted to tell you I still love you . Love . Is that all you men think about ? Then there are those who care not about extraterrestrials , searching for meaning in other human beings . Rare or lucky are those who find it . For although we may not be alone in the universe , in our own separate ways on this planet , we are all ... alone . I made this !
