 In the year 2027 ... the government started the invitro program ... trying to create a new breed of soldier . InVitros are artificially - gestated humans . They call us " Tanks . ' " We 're born at 18 years old . My name 's Cooper Hawkes . I was born six years ago . Now , it 's 2064 . Earth is at war with an advanced alien enemy . My squadron is called the Wild Cards - The 58th . They 're the only people I 've ever cared about . - - - - I know that a judge sentenced you to the marines . That is your ticket out . You go on this mission , the old man 'll sign it . Lt. Hawkes ... you 're the best natural shooter there is aboard Saratoga . Now , normally , a mission of this intensity ... would require long - term training . But Intelligence indicates it needs to be executed in the next 72 hours ... and my regular partner just bought it on Cloth Hill . The Fleet Imagery Interpretation Unit ... has detected the presence of a high-ranking enemy officer on the planet Tigrus . We believe that this is the same individual ... who commanded the attack on the Vesta colony . The mission is fairly straightforward . Insert on planet , make our way to a designated location ... via a system of interlocking waterways . We find this individual , and we terminate the target . It 's an extremely high - risk assignment , Lieutenant ... one I believe is worth taking . And that 's the reason I 'm empowered to offer you ... this special reward if we 're successful . Understand this , mister . Whether you decide to accept this assignment or not ... this mission does not exist . It will never have existed . If you go , the rest of the marines of the 58th Squadron ... will have no prior knowledge of your departure ... nor will they have any information at all ... about the nature of your disappearance . - - The human body has 112 parts ... which may be used as natural weapons ... when confronted with unarmed , hand - to - hand combat . Most of these points are found on the arms . The hands . The base of the palms , for example , may propel a bod - Monitor ? Who monitors the birds ? I monitor the birds . Who monitors you ? We 've monitored the onset of a head cold . We 've scheduled an examination and treatment . Now ! Get up on the table . This will just take a moment . Breathe . Again . Again . And again . Until we meet again . Watch your hands . Watch your hands .
