 All right , you bastard . Evil ... rotten ... son of a ... There you go . Your killing days are over ! No . No ! No ! All right , sir , put your hands in the air . Keep them where I can see them . We got a call . You want to tell us what you 're doing out here ? Sir ? Turn over ! Damn amp-head . Oh , Lord . Jimmy , check this out . Sarah ? Sarah ! Our blind date 's not off to a great start . I 've been waiting here nearly two hours . I was asked to make sure you weren 't followed . It 's just you , me and the drug dealers . Yeah , well , this area 's always been known for its criminal element . Especially when Congress is in session . What 's this ? Something you 'll want to follow . Follow where ? That 's all I have for you . What do you mean that 's all you have for me ? I get an anonymous e-mail to come meet you here in the middle of the night . I don 't know who you are or what you want . I don 't have any obligation or desire to give you any answers . I 'm not one of your sources . Then you 're just a messenger boy ? It 's late , Agent Mulder . Go home , get some sleep . Who told you to contact me ? How do I know I 'm not being played ? I guess you don 't . Well , you can go ahead and recycle that then . I 've been asked to tell you , you walk away from this , more people will die . Sorry . I would have gotten here sooner , but the Beltway was a parking lot . What 's going on ? Multiple homicide , a bizarre one . That 's Joseph Patnik . He murdered five people , all of whom he insists was the same man . What do you mean ? He claims to have been killing the same man over and over again , that he wouldn 't die . Does he have a history of mental illness ? Not that I know , but I only just got this case yesterday . So what 's the X File ? In Patnik 's neighborhood two weeks ago , a babysitter attacked the two children she was minding . She told police she thought they were wolves . And police found no other motive for either of these attacks ? Not so far . No . Agent Mulder ? - Hi . I 'm Dr. Stroman . - Dr. Stroman . This is my partner , Special Agent Scully . Hi . You 're the physician in charge ? Yeah , they called me down from D.C. to try and develop a clear diagnosis for the court . Have you ? Wish I could say yes . Has he been sedated ? I 've got him on heavy Thorazine , but it only seems to knock him back a notch or two . He seems pretty manageable to me . It may be some form of organic delusional syndrome , possibly due to chronic methamphetamine abuse . I don 't know . But he is prone to outbursts . Who called you down on this case ? A Dr. Kahn from the Department of Social Health Services . Could we speak to him ? I don 't think he 's in today , but I can certainly check for you . Orderly ! - Take it easy ! - Calm down , Mr. Patnik ! Yes , Dr. Stroman . ... among the accusations are that Miriskovic personally ordered the rape and murder of thousands of innocent civilians in war-torn regions of the former Yugoslavia . Reporting for ... You said you got this case last night . Where did it come from ? Came from an outside source . Who ? This outside source , Mulder , what 's his interest in this case ? What does he want us to uncover ? I don 't know . And you 're not suspicious that we 're being used ? We 've got dead bodies and confessed murderers . If we 're being used , it 's to find out the connection . That 's what I 'm interested in . Isn 't this a school day ? We didn 't cut . We got a pass . You got a pass to come in here and eat these people 's food and watch their TV ? No . Are we in trouble now ? How 'd you get in here ? Through the window . They leave it open for the cat . Maybe you should head back to school . No , no , no . Use the front door . Mulder . Look at this . There must be hundreds of videos here . Anything good ? All I see are recordings of cable news shows . They 're all dated and in chronological order . You know , that 's what Patnik was watching at the hospital when he went all wiggy . What if there 's some connection ? Between what he saw and what he recorded and what he did ? You 're the one who 's interested . Just watched 36 hours of Bernard Shaw and Bobbie Battista . I 'm about ready to kill somebody , too . I 'm going to show you something . These tapes are dated April 19 , April 21 and April 23 . Each corresponds to a night that Patnik committed a murder . What 's on the tapes ? Among other things , a one-hour special report on the atrocities in Bosnia , a report that prominently features Lladoslav Miriskovic . The same guy that started Patnik screaming in the psych ward ? And my guess is that , once I review the tapes for the night that Patnik killed his wife , that I 'll find that report there , as well . So you think that because Patnik saw this war criminal on television , he was somehow inspired to go out and murder these people ? Recent studies have linked violence on television to violent behavior . Yeah , but those studies are based on the assumption that Americans are just empty vessels ready to be filled with any idea or image that 's fed to them , like a bunch of Pavlov dogs , and go out and act on it . But they believe that the causal connections are there , Mulder . Studies have also shown causal connections between cow flatulence and the depletion of the ozone layer . What you 're talking about is pseudo-science used to make political book . All I 'm saying is that I think it 's clear that-that the programs that Patnik watched somehow triggered his violent behavior . How ? The doctor suggested amphetamine abuse . Maybe that , coupled with the disturbing images that he was watching , pushed him over the edge . All I know is television does not make a previously sane man go out and kill five people thinking they 're all the same guy . Not even " must see TV " could do that to you . Okay , then how do you explain it ? I can 't . Not yet . Where are you going ? I 'm going to get some sleep . Looks like you could use some , too . No , I 'm going to ... watch the rest of these tapes . Just out of curiosity . You have fun . Yeah , okay , I understand . All right . I 've just been watching the tapes . I 'll come outside . Right . Okay . No , she doesn 't . One of our contestants today will qualify for the jackpot round with prizes worth over $ 100,000 . We 'll find out on The Price is Nice . And here 's your host , Mark Randolph . Thank you . Thank you . Good luck on The Price Is Nice . Before we go any further ... Scully ? Yeah . I just got a call . There 's been another murder . Yeah , I 'll be right there . Happened just less than an hour ago . Seems to match our pattern ... a housewife gone berserk . Car 's been moved . Did you take it out last night ? No . Uh , I went out , and I got a paper this morning . Why ? Nothing . Nothing . Let 's go see the crime scene . That 's all the information I have , sir . - Okay , thanks , Detective . - You 're welcome . Just got through talking to the detective in charge . The shooter 's name is Helene Riddock , age 42 . They took her to the county lockup . What happened ? She claims she looked out the window and saw her husband in the hammock ... with a blonde . That blonde ? Yeah , apparently , he was only taking a nap with his dog , but Mrs. Riddock swears she looked out the window and saw her husband in the hammock with a blonde woman . So this woman killed her husband because she thought he was cheating on her ? This is not even her husband . Her husband is a long-haul trucker . He 's been out of town for the last ten days . This is , uh ... Mr. John Gillnitz . It 's her next-door neighbor . She didn 't even have the right backyard . Helene Riddock lives over here . Scully ? Yeah , let 's check it out . One of my favorites . He is so cute . The Little Traveler is normally $ 129.99 , and that 's what you 're going to pay at the department stores ... " A thing of beauty is a joy forever . " What do you think , Scully ? I think television plays a large part in both of these murderers ' lives . As it does in almost every American home , but television does not equal violence ... I don 't care what anybody says . Unless you consider bad taste an act of violence . More tapes . Hang on a second . I 'll be right back . Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Mulder , what are you doing ? I 'm coming down . What is it ? Some kind of cable trap or scrambler running from the pole into the house . Maybe it 's a job for Special Agent Pendrell and the sci-crime lab . Yeah . Want it analyzed ? Yeah . I 'll do it . It makes more sense for you to go down and interview Helene Riddock . Get her version of the story . Maybe she knows what this thing is . Is there a problem with that ? No , that 's-that 's fine . Stay in touch . It looks a lot like a standard video trap for blocking premium cable channels . What does this one block ? Amazingly , it doesn 't seem to block anything . Then what does it do ? Glad you asked . I bet all you guys were officers in the audio / visual club in high school , huh ? Mm-hmm . This is the straight feed off our bars and tone generator ... and here are the bars and tone as attenuated through the device . Looks the same . Well , that 's what you 'd think . We couldn 't discern any difference between the feeds . Not until we compared them on the oscilloscope . Still looks the same . Hold on to your hat , dude . We have touchdown . So they 're different . So ... they 're different . You know the way television works ? Yeah . You click it on , you have a picture . It 's a rapid series of still pictures fired against the tube . There 's something non-standard here in the vertical blanking interval ... information that 's being added into the spaces between the still pictures . What kind of information ? We don 't know . This is as far as we could get with this equipment . Can you take it apart ? Not without destroying it completely . That 's by design . An amazingly sophisticated design , but all we can say for sure is ... This device is emitting a signal . Mulder . Where are you ? I was just about to call you . Look , I 'm on my way back . You may have been right , Scully , at least partly . I think there is a foreign signal being introduced into these people 's homes through the television set . Scully , you there ? I 'm here . I think they may be running some kind of test . Scully , did you hear what I just said ? So you had it analyzed ? Yeah . I just talked to Agent Pendrell . He said that you never showed up . I didn 't take it over to Pendrell . Then where were you ? Look , I 'd rather talk about it when we get on a landline , okay ? We 've dealt with these kind of people before . We know what they 're capable of . What was that ? What was what ? There . That noise . Scully , is there something wrong ? Mulder ? Mulder , who 's listening to ... ? Scully , look , I 'm going to be right there , okay ? Don 't go anywhere . Scully ... She 's in here . Ready ? On my count . Wait . Get back ! Call the police . Scully ? Scully ! Hello ? Mrs. Scully , hi . It 's Fox Mulder . What is it ? What 's the matter ? I was hoping that you 'd heard from Dana . No . Has something happened ? I 'm-I 'm not exactly sure . There 's ... there 's some confusion here . She 's missing . What do you mean , " missing " ? Well , she ran off last night . Um ... w-we 're looking for her as best we can , but we are a little concerned . Oh , my God . Look , Mrs. Scully , I hate to do this to you , but I got to hang up on you right now . Fox , would you please just tell me what 's wrong . Hang by the phone ; I 'll call you as soon as I know something . Sir , can I have a word with you ? This manhunt is being conducted as if we 're searching for an escaped convict . Mulder , I share your concern for Agent Scully , but the fact remains she fired four rounds at you and an unarmed civilian last night . I appreciate that , but these officers should be instructed not to confront her once they find her . What would you have them do ? Just to keep an eye on her until I can get there . I think I can get her to listen to me . She didn 't listen to you last night . That 's because she 's not responsible for her own actions . She 's suffering from some kind of paranoid psychosis . Brought on by what ? I can 't explain the exact mechanism , but it has something to do with certain videotapes we watched that we recovered from a crime scene . Videotapes ? Videotapes that contain an electronic signal that somehow induces violent behavior . Do you have any proof of this ? I 'm working on that . Whatever prompted her behavior , the fact remains that Scully is armed and obviously dangerous , so I suggest you marshal whatever resources you have to make sure that you find her first . Mulder . Mulder , we pulled something off that videotape you found in Scully 's room . What is it ? Something interesting . But we don 't want to talk about it over the phone . Big Brother may be listening . Here 's the tape Scully was reviewing last night . We scanned samples of the tape onto disk . Digitized it . Using some interpolating freeware , we pulled down off the Net , we were able to blank out visible frames . What am I looking at ? Well , this is the actual signal your cable trap device was emitting . Of course , we 've slowed it down significantly . It 's designed to cycle at 15 flashes per second to induce what 's known as the " photic driving response . " Bring it home , boys . This device is stimulating electrical activity in the brain . Studies into subliminal influence have shown a correlation between heightened suggestibility and the manipulation of this response . Mind control ? 57 channels of it . Tachistoscopic images , like they used to sell popcorn at the movies . Both Russian and American scientists have been working with it for decades . Not to mention Madison Avenue . The naked lady in the ice cube . Ah , one of my personal favorites . Why wasn 't I affected ? That 's the one thing we haven 't figured out yet . This , uh , subliminal signal ... could color be a factor in it ? Maybe . I 'm red-green color-blind . His inability to perceive the color red could render him immune to the psychotropic effects . But why design a color-dependent signal ? - Why not ? - Mulder . Red-green color blindness affects only a small percentage of the male population . Which still leaves the vast majority of the American public vulnerable to its effects . I 'll be right there . What happened ? Maryland State Police . They think they 've found Scully . Is she okay ? No . Um ... they think maybe I should come down and I.D. the body . Get in . Can 't talk to you right now . They 're watching you ; now get in before you get us both killed . That 's an interesting choice of words . My partner may be dead . That 's not my concern . The hell it isn 't ! We 're here because of you ! Keep your voice down . Who are you ? ! Who do you work for ? ! You 're wasting time . While you 're chasing your partner , they 're destroying the evidence . Who ? Just follow the evidence . If you don 't , by tomorrow , the responsible parties will be out of your reach . State highway patrolman found the body off a rural highway at approximately 2 : 00 p.m. Nude , shot in the forehead . Are you ready ? Let me do that . It 's not her . Somebody has to call her mother . We already tried . We weren 't able to reach her . She 's not answering her phone ? Mrs. Scully , is she here ? Uh , no . You haven 't been answering your phone . Well , when I hear from her , I 'll call you , okay ? I need to see her . Fox , please go away . - Go away ! - I 'm sorry . Where is she ? Dana , put down the gun ! I 'm here to help you , Scully . I told you , Mom . He 's here to kill me . I 'm on your side . You know that . Put it down , Dana . Scully , listen to me very carefully . You don 't know it , but you 're sick with the same thing that drove those other people to murder . Whatever you think may be happening ... Just step back . Dana , you 're not yourself . He 's telling you the truth . It 's not the truth , Mom . He 's lied to me from the beginning . He never trusted me . Scully , you are the only one I trust . You 're in on it . You 're one of them . You 're one of the people who abducted me . You put that thing in my neck ! You killed my sister ! That 's not true , Dana . It is . I want you to listen to me . Mom , just get out of the way ! You trust me , don 't you ? You know that I would never hurt you . That I would never let anybody hurt you . That 's why you came here , isn 't it ? You 're safe here . Put the gun down , Dana . Put it down . Put it down . Dr. von Senior , please report to third floor nurse 's station . Dr. Diana von Senior ... How you feeling ? Ashamed . I was so sure , Mulder . I saw things and I heard things , and ... it was just like the world was turned upside down . Everybody was out to get me . Now you know how I feel most of the time . I thought you were going to kill me . I 'm not surprised . I did some checking . Joseph Patnik thought he was murdering a Bosnian war criminal ... a man the media described as a modern-day Hitler . Turns out , both Patnik 's parents were Holocaust survivors . I 'm not following . Helene Riddock was scared that her husband was going to be unfaithful to her . You see a pattern developing here ? What if this video signal somehow turned these people 's anxieties into some kind of dementia ... a virtual reality of their own worst nightmares ? Like me thinking that you 'd betray me . I was so far gone , Mulder , I thought that you had gone to the other side . What do you mean ? That Cancer Man , the man who smokes all those cigarettes , I was sure that I saw the two of you sitting in your car in the motel parking lot . You were reporting to him . You handed him a videotape . It was crazy . Ah , maybe not . What do you mean ? We know somebody 's behind this . We just don 't know who . You think it could be him ? I don 't know . Why don 't you try to get some rest . Dr. Lorenz ? Agent Mulder . I was just about to check in on your partner . What course of treatment have you outlined for Agent Scully ? At this point , nothing more than bed rest . We still haven 't been able to determine what brought this on . As far as I can tell , there 's nothing medically wrong with her . That didn 't seem to be the case last night . No , it wasn 't . It 's got me puzzled . Her MRI was negative , but the spinal tap revealed high levels of serotonin in her brain . You think that would account for her strange behavior ? High serotonin levels have been associated with mania . But the good news is , as of this afternoon , her levels are pretty much back to normal . Dr. Lorenz , uh , would you have made a diagnosis of amphetamine abuse for someone in Agent Scully 's condition ? Not given her serotonin levels , no . That wouldn 't make any sense . Thank you . Braddock Heights . Yeah , I need the number for the Frederick County Psychiatric Hospital , please . Ward three . Yeah , this is Fox Mulder with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . I need to talk to Dr. Stroman , please . I 'm sorry , Dr. Stroman 's no longer here . I believe he 's returned to Washington . You know where I can reach him ? I 'm not sure . He left us a local number . It 's around here somewhere . Is it 555-0135 ? That 's it . Thank you . You want me to go first this time ? Damn straight . I haven 't had a chance to clean the room yet . He just checked out . What with all the excitement , I don 't blame him . - You charge for local calls ? - Of course . You 'd have a record of all calls made ... I 'll get it for you . Thank you . Here you go . Thanks . Thank you . Hey , Danny , it 's Mulder . I need you to check a number for me . That 's what he told me , Stroman . Then where is he ? He said he 'd be here by now . He 'll be here . It 's almost 7 : 00 . I can 't wait much longer . There 's no sign of him . You 're too late , Agent Mulder . Now that you 've destroyed all the evidence . You were told this would happen . You made your choice . I just didn 't know I was working for you . I had no alternative . I was being watched too closely . I couldn 't risk compromising myself . Why kill them if you wanted me to expose them ? Those were always my orders , Agent Mulder . I was just hoping you 'd get to them first . And uncover what ? What were they trying to do ... manipulate people 's behavior ? Alter their decision-making process ? What to buy , who to vote for . You think they 'll stop at commerce and politics ? Where will they stop ? That 's where you failed , Agent Mulder . Don 't lay this off on me , you sneaky son of a bitch . You pulled me into this situation because you didn 't have the courage to reveal the truth yourself . Feel better now ? You 're a coward ! You work in the shadows , you feed me scraps of information , hoping that I can piece it together ! You make me risk my life , you risk my partner 's life , and you never risk your own ! You 're not walking away from this . You 're risking your life right now . You failed . This is your success ? Killing me ? The truth is ... you need me , Agent Mulder . This is your final report , Agent Mulder ? Yes , sir . I see more questions here than I do answers . You don 't know who manufactured the device you found or what its purpose was . No , sir . Agent Scully , welcome back . I 'm sorry I 'm late . I just got back from the documents section . What did you find out about the two men Mulder found executed ? The cable company employee had no criminal record . In fact , there was nothing remarkable about him whatsoever . We found a medical license under the name Dr. Henry Stroman in Falls Church , Virginia . He died in 1978 . What about their killer ? He remains an unknown subject . Have you completed your work ? All the personnel and hardware have been removed , but Mulder still has one of the devices . Well , it proves nothing . What about , uh , Mulder 's source ? He 's been eliminated . And his source ? Who 's he working with ? That person remains unknown . I made this !
