 - All right , let 's play some ball ! - Swing it in here . - Strike ! - In what league ? Quit complaining . We already had to move home plate cos you bitched about the mud . Nice pitch . Come on , let him hear some chin music . Throw a fastball ! Whoa . - Nice hit . - Go get it ! - Hey , come on ! - It went on the Peacocks ' property . Here 's another one ! Come on , let 's play ! Come on , baby , bring it home to Momma . Come on , right here . Come on , baby . Bring it home . Come on , right here . That 's it . Ease up . Come on . Get to it . Compression marks indicate the shovel blade to be approximately 6 % inches . The deeper indentation on the right side of the mark suggests a left-handed individual . I 've collected soil specimens , ... .. and , although numerous shoe impressions remain from the game , ... .. I think dental-stone casts will prove invaluable to the investigation . And I 've quit the FBI and become a spokesperson for the Ab Roller . Smell that . It 's perfume . Eau de ball . God , this brings back a lot of memories of my sister . All-day games out on the vineyard , ... .. ride your bikes to the beach , eat bologna sandwiches ... Only place you had to be on time was dinner . Never had to lock your doors . No modems , no faxes , no cellphones . If you had to do without a cellphone , you 'd lapse into catatonic schizophrenia . You don 't know me as well as you think . My work demands that I live in a big city , ... .. but if I had to settle down , build a home , it 'd be a place like this . It 'd be like living in Mayberry . Agents Mulder and Scully ? Hi . I 'm Sheriff Andy Taylor . For real ? Can 't thank you or the Bureau enough for comin ' out . It 's just me and my deputy and ... Hell , we never had anything of this nature . Do you have any thoughts or suspects ? Population of Home is only a few hundred . Everybody knows everybody , pretty much . Any local women who were pregnant and now suddenly aren 't ? No . I just saw Mary Ellen and Nancy . They 're both doin ' fine . Hey , Sheriff , who lives in that house there ? Did you question them ? Cos they 've been watchin ' us . That farm belongs to the Peacock family . Three boys now - well , men . Guess you could call them human . Their folks were in a bad car wreck . We suppose they died . You suppose ? We tried to administer medical attention , but the boys hauled the bodies away , ... .. took ' em home . They haven 't been seen in ten years , so ... we suppose they died . Have you questioned the men ? The Peacocks built that farm during the Civil War . It still has no electricity , no running water , no heat . They grow their own food . They raise their own pigs . They breed their own cows . Raise and breed their own stock , if you get my meaning . It is , however , the closest residence to the crime scene . Those boys are feeble , Agent Scully . And sad . They wouldn 't know what you were talking about . - They could have witnessed ... - Look , this town is my home . I love it . It 's quiet . Peaceful . I don 't even wear a gun . I 've seen and heard some of the sick and horrible things that go on outside my home . At the same time , I knew we couldn 't stay hidden for ever . That one day the modern world would find us and my home town would change for ever . And when I saw ... it ... in the ground , ... .. I knew that day had come . Now I wanna find whoever did this . But , in doing so , I 'd like it if the way things are around here didn 't have to change . I know this is iffy Bureau jurisdiction , but I didn 't know where else to turn . So I called the Bureau in Pittsburgh , and when I described the victim , ... .. they said I should see you . We should take a look at the victim , then . We don 't have a lab or a morgue . I 've got a room down here , might be a bit cleaner . By the way , this is my deputy , Barney . - Fife ? - Paster ! I could use a bit more elbow room . The thing is , see , folks have been dropping in to ask about the case , ... .. and I wouldn 't want anybody to pop in and see this . - You could just lock the door to the office . - Folks know I never lock the door . They 'd start rumours . Oh , my God . Mulder , it looks as if this child ... .. has been afflicted by every rare birth defect known to science . I 'll have to order DNA typing from the crime lab , ... .. but there appears to be abnormalities associated with Neu-Laxova Syndrome , ... .. MeckeI-Gruber Syndrome , exstrophy of the cloaca ... I don 't even know where to begin . I guess we can rule out murder as the cause of death , huh ? I don 't know about that . There 's evidence of occlusion due to dirt in the nose and mouth , ... .. indicating the dirt has been inhaled . There 's something rotten in Mayberry . Imagine all a woman 's hopes and dreams for her child , and then nature turns so cruel . What must a mother go through ? Apparently not much in this case , if she 'd just throw it out with the trash . I guess I was just projecting on myself . Is there a history of genetic abnormalities in your family ? No . Just find a man with a spotless genetic make-up , ... .. a high tolerance for being second-guessed , and start pumpin ' out the little Uber-Scullys . - What about your family ? - Hm ? Aside from needing corrective lenses and being abducted by extraterrestrials ... .. involved in a governmental conspiracy , the Mulder family passes genetic muster . Scully , that child inside is a tragedy . Some young parents , probably scared kids , disposed of an unwanted birth . In a very certain sense , infanticide is involved , but this is not an FBI matter . From what I know about genetic defects , ... .. that child isn 't the result of a single polygenic mating . Let the local authorities investigate that . Those defects are autosomal-dominant disorders . And from the degree , I 'd say mutations that go back many generations . Scully , Sheriff Taylor implied that the boys in that family ... .. were not the type that could easily get dates . But he also implied that they practise inbreeding . Now , we all have a natural instinct to propagate . Do we ? There are theories which pose that our bodies ... .. are simply vehicles for genes needing to replicate . Yeah , but there 's no sister , the mother 's been dead for ten years ... But if the instinct and need is strong enough , they will answer it any way they can . Now a woman gave birth to that child , Mulder , and , my guess is , against her will . And kidnapping is a Bureau matter . Scully ... I never saw you as a mother before . No , there 's no probable cause . They match . - This room alone should convict ' em . - If we can find them . They probably bolted when they saw us coming . We 'll alert Sheriff Taylor to get a warrant for the brothers ' arrest , put out an APB . And check any prior missing persons for a woman . And check the vehicle identification number on that Cadillac . If the mother 's alive , they probably took her with them . I 've issued descriptions and warrants for George Raymond Peacock , ... .. approximate age , 30 , ... .. Sherman Nathaniel Peacock , approximate age , 26 , ... .. and Edmund Creighton Peacock , 42 . - What about missing persons reports ? - Deputy Paster 's on it right now . Do you recall recently any vehicles you found , thought to be abandoned , ... .. but which might belong to kidnap victims ? We saw a white Cadillac in the Peacocks ' front yard . We get so many of those . A car breaks down , they move on . Well , we 'll check on those in the morning . You get some sleep , Sheriff . You too , Miss Scully . Good night . Whoa ! Don 't move , don 't move . Damn . - You still planning on making a home here ? - Nah . Not if I can 't get the Knicks game . Just as long as a brutal infanticide doesn 't weigh into your decision . - Good night , Mulder . - Good night , Mom . Mulder , this lock is broken . You don 't have to lock your doors around here . Sometimes we walk Hand in hand by the sea And we breathe in the cool Salty air Andy , what are you doing ? Taking one good last look around ... before it all changes . Oh , honey , come to bed , huh ? It will still be here in the morning . Come on , honey . You turn to me With a kiss in your eyes And my heart feels a thrill Beyond compare Then your lips cling to ... It 's wonderful , wonderful Oh , so wonderful , my ... The eldest dominant male in the pack moves in to ensure that the prey has been killed . Encircling the prey is a signal to the others it is safe to ... What a moment to share It 's wonderful , wonderful Oh , so wonderful , my love Andy , what is it ? Hide , under the bed . I 'm goin ' for the gun . But they wouldn 't have much meaning without you Some quiet evenings I sit by your side And we 're lost in a world of our own You turn to me With a kiss in your eyes And my heart feels a thrill Beyond compare When your lips cling to mine It 's wonderful , wonderful Oh , so wonderful , my love I feel the glow Of your unspoken love I 'm aware Of the treasure that I own And I say to myself It 's wonderful , wonderful Oh , so wonderful , my love And I say to myself It 's wonderful , wonderful Big American car . I , uh ... I came over to give him these reports and , uh ... and found them . The , uh ... the owner of the Cadillac was ... .. was found and contacted in Baltimore . She ran out of gas and just left the car on the 119 . Other , uh ... possible missing persons are in the file . And , uh ... this came from Federal Crime Lab overnight . - Where are they ? - They 're , uh ... inside . His chest is one big haematoma . There 's wood shavings embedded in what 's left of the cranium . They really went caveman on ' em . Damn it . The lab screwed up the DNA test on the infant . Multiple maldistribution , chromosomal breakage , maldivision of the centromere . You suspected these abnormalities . Yeah , but this shows far too many gene imbalances . It would have to be a lab error . This child 's cells would 've had to divide triple-fold in cell metaphase . Triple ? Hey , Scully , what if each of the Peacock brothers was the father of that child ? Mulder , only one sperm in thousands from a single individual ... .. can penetrate an ovum membrane . Let alone from three separate males . What if generations of autosomal breeding could produce such a mutation ? No . For that to be possible , there 'd have to be a weakening of the ovum , ... .. and that would be from a female member of the Peacock family . And there aren 't any . Well , in any case , they haven 't ventured too far from home . We should request backups from Pittsburgh and pick ' em up . That would take a whole day . They may have a woman captive up there ... .. who may have sustained life-threatening injuries while giving birth . Who knows what those men have done to her . We should go there now . We 're outnumbered . We could further endanger the victim . I 'll take you out there . Then it 's three against three . And this ... This should give us the advantage . That was just a little bit too Chuck Bronson for me , Scully . Hang on a second , Mulder . Why ... Why would they kill Sheriff Taylor ? He didn 't even question them about the buried child . They probably heard about the warrants for their arrest . But how would they know ? He issued the warrants by phone . Unless they heard us talking about it , how would they know ? - We searched that house . They weren 't home . - Exactly . How could they know ? I 'm hungry . All right . I 'm ready . You look fine . They 'll be comin ' now . We knew this day was gonna happen . That they 'd try to change the way things are . All we can do about changin ' things ... .. is be ready for it . Be ready for them . Let ' em know this is our home ... .. and this is the way it 's gonna stay . Yup , they 're up there . I 'll take the front . Their attention 'll be taken by the uniform . You can approach around back . Are these vests absolutely necessary , Deputy ? I 've seen ' em fire muskets before . I , for one , am not gettin ' taken out by some antique . - This is Paster . I 'm at the front of the house . - We 're getting into position . I don 't see anybody inside . I 'm going in . Paster , no ! Paster 's dead . The brothers moved in like a pack of animals . The eldest will move in to ensure the prey is dead . Encircling the prey is a signal to the others that it 's safe to approach . What we 're witnessing is undiluted animal behaviour . Mankind , absent in its own creation of civilization , technology and information , ... .. regressed to an almost prehistoric state , ... .. obeying only the often savage laws of nature . We 're invading the den , trying to take away their one chance at reproducing . Which we 're gonna do . Even though we have the firearms , I imagine the place is rigged with traps . Yeah , but we can try and divert them out of the house . Scully , would you think less of me as a man if I told you I was kind of excited right now ? There some secret farmer trick to gettin ' these things moving ? Naa-ram-ewe . Naa-ram-ewe . Yeah , that 'll work I baby-sat my nephew this weekend . He watches Babe 15 times a day . And people call me spooky . Federal agents ! Is anybody in here ? FBI ! Is anybody in this house ? Is there anybody in here ? Oh , no . - No ! Get out of here ! Go away ! - It 's all right , ma 'am . - We 're federal agents . We 're here to help you . - Get out ! Go away ! - Go away ! Get away ! - Let 's move the bed . They 've got her strapped to some kind of board or something . Take it easy , ma 'am . It 's all right . It 's all over . We 're from the FBI . We 're here to help . We 're gonna make sure that you 're safe . We 're gonna make sure that you get home . Mulder , she already is home . It 's Mrs Peacock . She 's their mother . - Where are you going ? - The others may have heard the screams . What about her ? She 's not going anywhere . We may not be able to remove her , Mulder . She doesn 't appear to be held against her will . I mean , I don 't believe she is . I 'm sure she 's an accessory . We 're only assuming . We can 't prove anything . The way I think it goes here is that Edmund is the brother and father of the other two . So when Edmund was a kid , he could ground the other two for playing with his things ? The brothers killed three people . Tell her we 're gonna bring them in . And convince her that she 's the one way they can get out of this without getting hurt . I 'm gonna keep an eye on them . Scully , watch your step . This place is rigged . Mrs Peacock ? Mrs Peacock , you are in immediate need of medical attention . Agent Mulder and I are here to help you . This is our home . Why leave it ? - Whatever pain you may be in ... - I don 't feel pain . Runs in the family . Have to check the boys , see if they hurt themselves . What about you ? Even after the accident ? Right arm was torn off . Saw it sittin ' there across my dead husband 's lap . Boys took me home , ... .. sewed me up , just like the family learnt in the War of Northern Aggression . Whole time , felt the same as if been makin ' breakfast . They 're such good boys . Mrs Peacock , they murdered Sheriff Taylor and his wife and Deputy Paster . I can tell you don 't have no children . Maybe one day you 'll learn ... .. the pride , ... .. the love , ... .. when you know your boy will do anythin ' for his mother . Scully . Federal agent ! I 'm armed ! Stop or I 'll fire ! Mulder ! I 've got the mother ! Where 's the other brother ? Edmund ? Mulder , look . Marks on the floor . I looked everywhere . They 're gone . I 've notified the state police and the highway patrol . They 've put out an APB ... .. and are setting up a roadblock over a 30-mile radius . In time , we 'll catch ' em . I think time already caught them , Scully . There , there . Sherman and George were good boys . We should be proud . And you got to know , Edmund , you can 't keep a Peacock down . There 'll be more . One day , there 'll be more . Now we have to move on , ... .. start a new family . One we 'll be proud of . Find a new place to call ours . A new home . A brand-new home . Wonderful ... Oh , so wonderful , my love And I say to myself It 's wonderful , wonderful Oh , so wonderful My love I made this !
