 [ TN ] [ INSECT BUZZING ] Goddamn bugs . Oh , shit . [ SPEAKS IN SPANISH ] DRIVER : Oh , crap . Well , Nick the Dick . What a surprise . Where you coming from , Nick ? Fishing in Cuernavaca . Mm-hm . Sure you were . What do you say we take a look at your catch , huh ? Come on . Me , I would 've thrown them back . [ SPEAKING IN SPANISH ] So , Nick , what do you get ? Like a hundred bucks a head here ? Two hundred ? Hope you saved it all for your lawyer , my friend , because you are gonna need it . We 'll take it from here . Who the hell are you ? INS , Division 6 . JANUS : Division 6 ? I never heard of Division 6 . Really ? Who you got your money on , Dee ? Tough call , Kay . [ IN SPANISH ] [ CHUCKLING ] We 've got a winner here , Dee . Oh , I know . [ IN SPANISH ] JANUS [ IN SPANISH ] : KAY [ IN SPANISH ] : Sir . Sir , you can 't just ... Don 't " sir " me , young man . You have no idea who you 're dealing with . [ IN SPANISH ] We 're gonna have a little chat with our friend here . You fellas can hit the road . Keep on protecting us from the dangerous aliens . [ TN ] You ever hear of Division 6 ? There is no Division 6 . This is bullshit . Hell , yeah . Looks like you fell off the bus in the wrong part of town , amigo . In fact , I 'm gonna bet dollars to pesos you 're not from anywhere near here . Mikey ? [ SPEAKING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] Mikey , when did they let you out of jail ? Political refugee , right . You know how many treaties you just violated ? One ? Try seven . That 's enough , Mikey . You hand me that head . Put up your arms and all your flippers . [ TN ] [ GASPS ] [ MIKEY GROWLING ] AW , Shit . [ ROARING ] KAY : Dee , shoot him . [ JANUS SCREAMING ] KAY : Dee ! Th ... Th ... Th ... Th ... " That . " JANUS : That ... Wa ... Wa ... Wa ... Was not human . I know . Looks like you got some entrails on you there , pal . AGENT : What the hell ? KAY : The situation 's under control . Calm down , please . Give me your attention for a moment . I 'll be glad to tell you what happened . [ TN ] [ ALIEN CHATTER OVER RADIO ] This is called a neuralyser . It 's a gift from some friends from out of town . This red eye here will isolate the electronic impulses in your brains . And more specifically , the ones for memory . That 's good , fellas . Give me a splay burn around the perimeter with holes at 40 , 60 and 80 metres from right here . Thank you . That 's good . Thank you . What in the hell is going on ? KAY : Excellent question . And the answer you 're looking for lies right here . Who are you , really ? KAY : Really ? I am just a figment of your imagination . Damn , what a gullible breed . I 'm serious , fellas . You 're lucky to be alive after a blast like that . What blast ? The Underground gas main , genius . You fellas need to exercise a lot more caution before discharging your firearms , I 'll tell you that right now . Especially you . Have yourself checked out with EMS on the other side of the hill before you leave . [ TN ] I 'm sorry about back there . It happens . Didn 't used to . The spirit 's willing , Kay ... but the rest of me ... [ SIGHS ] They 're beautiful , aren 't they ? What ? The stars . We neverjust look anymore . KAY : No . I 'll tell you , Kay , I will miss the Chase . No , Dee , you won 't . Freeze ! N.Y.P.D. Freeze ! [ TN ] All yours , Edwards . JAY : " Freeze " means stop . Yo ! Whoa ! What the hell ? All right . Come on . [ YELLS ] [ PEOPLE SCREAMING ] It just be raining black people in New York . [ JAY YELLS ] Do you see this ? Huh ? " N-Y-P-D . " Means I will knock your punk ass down . He 's coming . He 's coming . Yeah , and when he gets here , I 'll arrest his ass too . [ WEAPON POWERING UP ] Oh , you trying to Catch a beat-down , huh ? [ TN ] [ HORN HONKS ] [ TYRES SCREECHING ] [ HORNS HONKING ] [ GROWLS ] [ GRUNTING ] [ GROANS ] What 's up ? He 's coming . He 's coming because I failed , and now he 'll kill me too . Yeah ? Well , you 're just pissing everybody off today , huh ? You don 't understand . Your world 's gonna end . What the hell are you ? Hey , watch that ledge . Watch the ledge . Wait . Look , look , come on down . We 'll get those eyes fixed . Don 't even worry about it . Look , all right , wait a minute . Let me talk to you . Hey ! Hey ! [ ALIEN SCREECHES ] [ THUDS ] MAN : I go out , I work my butt off to make a living . All I want is to come home to a nice , clean house with a nice , fat steak on the table , but instead I get this . It looks like poison . Don 't you take that away . I 'm eating that , damn it . It is poison , isn 't it ? I swear to God , I would not be surprised if it was , the way you skulk around here like a dog who been hit too much or ain 't been hit enough , I can 't make up my mind . You 're useless , Beatrice . The only thing that pulls its weight around here is my goddamn truck . Figures . [ TN ] What the heck is it , Edgar ? Get your big butt back in the house . ALIEN : Place projectile weapon on the ground . You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold , dead fingers . Your proposal is acceptable . [ ALIEN SCREECHES ] [ EDGAR SCREAMING ] [ FLESH TEARING ] [ ALIEN SNARLING ] [ NECK CRACKS ] [ FOOTSTEPS ] [ GRUNTS ] Edgar , what on Earth was that ? Sugan I 've never seen sugar do that . Give me Sugar . In water . More . More . [ GRUNTING ] [ SIGHS ] Edgar , your skin is hanging off your bones . Oh , yeah . There . Is that better ? [ TN ] [ EDGAR GRUNTING ] [ cow MOOS ] " The perpetrator then blinked two sets of eyelids . " You mean blinked with both eyes ? No , sir , he blinked one set , then he blinked a completely different set . You know , like high beams and low beams . Was that before or after he drew the weapon that you claim evaporated into a million pieces ? After , sir . And why is it that none of the other officers saw either of these two events ? Well , sir , some of the other Officers are a little soggy around the midsection . I guess that 's why they weren 't able to keep up . Hey , Edwards , if you were half the man I am ... What the hell are you talking about ? I am half the man that you are . What is your problem ? My problem is you being all up in my damn face . I think he threw him off the roof . Really ? Maybe you next . I wanna talk to you . Ten minutes , you take your best shot , tough guy . Take 10 minutes on a StairMaster , you pudgy bastard . I believe you . Laurel Weaver , deputy medical examiner . Find me at the morgue on 26th . I 'll show you . Wait a minute . Hey , wait a minute . KAY : Excuse me , you 're Dr. Weaver with the coroner 's office working on the John Doe , right ? Yes , that 's right . Will you look at this , please ? Phew . Some night , huh ? Yeah , some night . They were gills , not eyelids . Gills . He was out of breath . Who are you ? Did he say anything to you ? Yeah , he said the world was coming to an end . Did he say when ? Would you recognise that weapon of his if you saw it again ? Absolutely . Come on , let 's take a ride . Wait a minute , wait a minute . Look , I got tons of paperwork and ... Right , it 's all done . Good work , Edwards . You really ran this dude down on foot ? That 's tough , kid . That 's double tough . [ TN ] JAY : So who exactly are you with ? FBI ? NSA ? KAY : I 'm part of a bureau that licences , monitors and polices alien activity on the planet Earth . JAY : Yeah , whatever . KAY : We 're here . This is where we going ? Yeah . This is Jack Jeebs ' spot . He buys from chain-snatchers . He doesn 't even sell guns . Really ? All right , look , I 'm gonna slide up in here and I 'm gonna put my thing down , but when I come back out , I want some real answers . Okay , go put your thing down . Officer Eduardo . Hey , how did these get here ? I thought I turned these in to the proper authorities . The way I hear it , Jeebsie , you into something a little hotter than some stolen Rolexes . Yeah , well , I 'm a huge crack dealer now , but I still work here because I love the hours . I 'm talking about guns , smart-ass . Weird ones . Come on , Edwards . What you see is what I got . [ DOOR OPENS ] Why don 't you show him the imports , Jeebs ? Hey , Kay . How are you ? Show him the imports right now . I got out of that business a long time ago . Why do you lie to me ? I hate it . Now , just hold on a second . I 'm gonna count to three . He 'll do it , Jeebs . KAY : One . That man does not look stable . Two . You know what ? Talk to me . He 's crazy when he 's like this . He 's always crazy . Why don 't you get a massage ? Take a Cruise ... Three . Drop the weapon . Put your hands on your head . I warned him . Drop the weapon . You warned him . Don 't make me kill you . JEEBS : You insensitive jerk . [ TN ] Do you have any idea how much that stings ? Show us the merchandise or you 're gonna lose another head , Jeebs . [ BUZZES ] Mr. Edwards . Right there , the one in the middle . You sold a reverberating carboniser with mutate capacity to an unlicenced cephalopoid , Jeebs , you piece of ... He looked all right to me . Must have been for an assassination . Who 's the target ? You know , I don 't know . Goddamn it , Jeebs . I don 't know . That 's confiscated , all of it , and I want you on the next transport off this rock or I 'm gonna shoot you where it don 't grow back . [ WEAPON POWERS DOWN ] Yeah , and ... And I 'm gonna be back to talk about them Rolexes . [ TN ] [ BICYCLE BELL RINGS ] Searching for a handle on the moment ? I can 't help you . The only comfort I can offer is my promise that tomorrow morning you won 't remember a thing . Yeah , well , that 's not exactly some shit you just forget . KAY : You ever seen one of these , son ? [ KAY LAUGHING ] She looks over at her husband , then she sets it back down in her lap and she says , " Honey , this one 's eating my popcorn . " Did you get it ? " This one 's eating my ... " Whoa . I gotta go . Thanks for the egg rolls , kid . Hey , wait a minute . Who are you ? You see what I mean about tequila ? You 're a very bright young man , James , but you need to lay off the sauce . Now , I 'll see you bright and early , 9 : 00 . Be there or be square . [ TN ] MAN : Well , well , well . Moving right in , are we ? Think we own the place ? I got a little eviction notice for you boys . Just what exactly do you think you 're doing here ? I 'm taking care of your pest problem . Pest problem ? Pest ? Yeah , you got a hell of an infestation . You know , I 've noticed an infestation here . Everywhere I look , in fact , nothing but undeveloped , unevolved , barely conscious pond scum totally convinced of their own superiority as they scurry about their short , pointless lives . Well , yeah . Don 't you wanna get rid of them ? Oh , in the worst way . [ MAN GASPING ] [ EDGAR GRUNTING ] Help you ? Yeah , this dude gave me this card ... Elevator . You 're late . Sit down . My name is Zed . You 're all here because you 're the best of the best . Marines , Air Force , Navy SEALs , Army Rangers , N.Y.P.D. And we 're looking for one of you , just one . What will follow is a series of simple tests for motor skills , concentration , stamina . I see we have a question . Yeah , I 'm sorry , maybe you already answered this , but why exactly are we here ? Son ? Second Lieutenant Jake Jensen . West Point graduate with honours . We 're here because you 're looking for the best of the best of the best , sir . [ CHUCKLING ] What 's so funny , Edwards ? Your boy Captain America over here . " The best of the best of the best , sir . " You know , " With honours . " You know , he 's just really excited , and he has no clue why we 're here . That 's just ... That 's very funny to me . Y 'all ain 't laughing , though . Okay , let 's get going . [ TEARS ] [ METAL SCREECHING ] Wanna get down on this ? [ BUZZER SOUNDING ] [ ALIENS GROWLING ] ZED : Edwards , what the hell happened ? Hesitated . May I ask why you felt little Tiffany deserved to die ? JAY : Well , she was the only one that actually seemed dangerous at the time , sir . ZED : How 'd you come to that conclusion ? Well , first I was gonna pop this guy hanging from the streetlight . And then I realised , you know , he 's just working out . How would I feel if somebody come running in the gym , bust me in my ass while I 'm on the treadmill ? Then I saw this snarling beast guy . I noticed he had a tissue in his hand , and I realised he 's not snarling , he 's sneezing . You know , ain 't no real threat there . Then I saw little Tiffany . I 'm thinking , you know , 8-year-0ld white girl , middle of the ghetto , bunch of monsters , this time on night , with quantum-physics books ? She about to start some shit , Zed . She 's about 8 years old . Those books are way too advanced for her . If you ask me , I say she 's up to something . And to be honest , I 'd appreciate it if you eased up off my back about it . Or do I owe her an apology ? That was a good shot , though , right ? He 's got a real problem with authority . So do I. But this kid ran down a cephalopoid on foot , boss . That 's gotta be tough enough . Let 's hope you know what you 're doing . Gentlemen , congratulations . You 're everything we 've come to expect from years of government training . And now , if you 'll just follow me , we have one more test to administer : An eye exam . Where are you going ? Yo . Hey , man , what the hell is all this ? Back in the mid-1950s , the government started a little underfunded agency with the simple and laughable purpose of establishing contact with a race not of this planet . ZED : If you 'll look directly at the end of this device , we 'll administer the eye test . Everybody thought the agency was a joke except the aliens who made contact March 2 , 1961 , outside New York . There were nine of us the first night : Seven agents , one astronomer and one dumb kid who got lost on the wrong back road . Oh , you brought that tall man some flowers . This way . They were a group of intergalactic refugees . Wanted to use the Earth as an apolitical zone for creatures without a planet . Did you ever see the movie Casablanca ? It 's the same thing , except no Nazis . Oh . We agreed , and we concealed all the evidence of their landing . JAY : Uh-huh . So these are real flying saucers and the World 's Fair was just a cover-up for their landing ? Why else would we hold it in Queens ? More nonhumans arrive every year , and they live among us in secret . Look , I 'm sorry , not to change the subject or anything , but when was the last time you had a CAT scan ? Six months ago . It 's company policy . Right , you should make another appointment . Look , tell your boy Zed I had an absolutely wonderful time , and thank you for everything , but why don 't you show me the door ? All right . I 'm gonna get some coffee . You want some coffee ? No , thank you , I 'm fine . Okay . [ ALL CHATTERING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] [ ALL LAUGHING ] How you doing , fellas ? Hi , Kay . Hi , Kay . That 's not decaf , is it ? Viennese cinnamon . KAY : Don 't tell me we only got that powdered stuff for cream again . I hate that stuff . [ SPEAKS IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] Oh , that 's good . Good , good . You guys getting along all right ? [ ALL SPEAKING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] KAY : Well , don 't work too hard . ALL : Okay . Bye . So you guys seen ... ? Sure you don 't want some coffee ? [ ALIENS CHATTERING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] KAY : All right , kid , here 's the deal . At any given time , there are around 1500 aliens on the planet , most of them right here in Manhattan . And most of them are decent enough . They 're just trying to make a living . Cabdrivers . No , not as many as you 'd think . Humans , for the most part , don 't have a clue . They don 't want one or need one either . They 're happy . They think they have a good bead on things . But why the big secret ? People are smart . They can handle it . A person is smart . People are dumb , panicky , dangerous animals , and you know it . Fifteen hundred years ago , everybody knew the Earth was the centre of the universe . Five hundred years ago , everybody knew the Earth was flat . And 15 minutes ago , you knew that people were alone on this planet . Imagine what you 'll know tomorrow . What 's the catch ? The catch ? The catch is , you will sever every human contact . Nobody will ever know you exist anywhere . Ever . [ TN ] I 'll give you to sunrise to think it over . Hey . Is it worth it ? Oh , yeah , it 's worth it . If you 're strong enough . [ ENGINE SPUTTERING ] What 's up , pops ? All right , I 'm in because , look , there 's some next-level shit going on around here , and I 'm with that . But before y 'all get to beaming me up , there 's a couple things I want you to understand . First off , you chose me , so you recognise the skills . And I don 't want nobody calling me " son " or " kid " or " sport " or nothing like that . Cool ? Cool . Whatever you say , slick . But I need to tell you something about all your skills . As of right now , they mean precisely dick . [ TN ] [ SPEAKS IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] [ CHATTERING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] MAN : Purpose of trip ? ALIEN : Diplomatic mission . MAN : Duration of stay ? Lunch . Any fruits or vegetables ? WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Please meet your party outside the containment area . [ GROWLS ] You wanna stay away from that guy . He 's , uh ... He 's grouchy . Three-hour delay in Customs after a trip of 17 trillion miles is gonna make anybody cranky , you know what I mean ? Hey , what branch of the government do we report to ? None . They ask too many questions . So who pays for all this ? We hold patents on a few gadgets we confiscated from out-of-state visitors : Velcro , microwave ovens , liposuction . That 's a fascinating little gadget . It 's gonna replace CDs soon . I guess I 'll have to buy The White Album again . Oh . That is a lot of fun . It 's a universal translator . We 're not even supposed to have it . I 'll tell you why . Human thought is so primitive , it 's looked upon as an infectious disease in some of the better galaxies . That kind of makes you proud , doesn 't it ? Huh ? Hey , what 's this thing ? [ JAY YELLING ] [ ALL GASP ] JAY : Okay , just be calm . Just be ... Relax . Okay ... Ooh , watch your head . Somebody get him some ice . Look out . Move ... Just move when it 's coming at you . Oh , damn . I will pay for that . [ WOMAN SCREAMS ] Oh ! [ ALIEN SCREAMS ] This thing caused the 1977 New York blackout . Practical joke by the Great Attractor . He thought it was funny as hell . Sorry , y 'all . It was a accident . Sorry . KAY : Observation , the heart of our little endeavour . Meet the twins , Blblup and Bob . This map shows the location of every registered alien on Earth at any give time , some of them under constant Surveillance . Everyone on those screens is an alien . In public they 're as normal as you are , but in private , well ... You 'll get the idea . Oh , man . Doesn 't make any sense , does it ? Well , no , it makes perfect sense . When I was in third grade , everybody told me I was crazy , but I knew our teacher had to be from , like , Venus or something like that . Mrs. Edelson . It was Jupiter , actually . Well , one of the moons . Revolve . Class , be quiet and pay attention . Lfl have to tell you one more time ... Edwards . Let 's put it on . Put what on ? The last suit you 'll ever wear . [ TN ] ZED : You will dress only in attire specially sanctioned by MiB Special Services . You 'll conform to the identity we give you , eat where we tell you , live where we tell you . From now on , you 'll have no identifying marks of any kind . You will not stand out in any way . Your entire image is crafted to leave no lasting memory with anyone you encounter . Ow ! You are a rumour , recognisable only as déjá vu and dismissed just as quickly . You don 't exist . You were never even born . Anonymity is your name , silence , your native tongue . You are no longer part of the system . You are above the system , over it , beyond it . We 're " them " We 're " they . " . We are the Men in Black . JAY : You know what the difference is between you and me ? I make this look good . We 're gonna go for a little ride . I 'll put you down here forjust a minute . Then Daddy will be right back . [ CAT MEOWING ] [ TYRES SCREECH ] [ JOINTS CRACKING ] [ GRUNTING ] Okay , now we 're ready to go for a little ride . We 're gonna meet one of Daddy 's friends , and you 're gonna like him . Okay , let 's see . Bee , we 've got the deposed Sir Prefect of Singalee touching down on the forest outside Portland tonight . Humanoid ? ZED : You wish . Bring a sponge . Here . Red letter from last night . We had an unauthorized landing somewhere in upstate New York . Kay , keep your ears open on this one . We 're not hosting an intergalactic kegger down here . [ ALARM WAILING ] Well , well , well , we got a skimmer . Landed alien out of zone . Who is it ? Redgick . He 's not cleared to leave Manhattan , but he 's way out of town right now , stuck on the New Jersey Turnpike . Why don 't you take junior here with you ? This is a good one for him to warm up on . Go get him , tiger . [ IMITATES ZED ] " We 're not hosting an intergalactic kegger . " [ IN NORMAL VOICE ] Zed . He just ... Unlimited technology from the whole universe and we cruise around in a Ford POS . Fasten your seat belt . See , now , we got to work on your people skills . You know , you 'd get a much better reaction if you were a little more polite . Fasten your seat belt , please . Whoa , that was good . Did you hurt yourself ? Oh ! [ TYRES SCREECHING ] Oh , the red button there , kid . Don 't ever , ever touch the red button . All right , bub , that 'll be $ 72 , then . Okay , sweetie , let me pay the impolite driver . [ GRUNTING ] [ MEOWING ] [ IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] Six is up . Where is Ivan ? EDGAR : Gave him a break . [ TN ] You can kill us both , but you will not find the Galaxy . You 're right about one thing . [ MEOWING AND HISSING ] You 're not going anywhere , pal . MAN 1 : What 's going on ? MAN 2 : Hey , hey , hey , easy . [ GRUNTING ] [ GROWLS ] I 'd like to see your license and registration , please . Like to see your other license and registration , please . All right , your resident-alien card has you restricted to the island of Manhattan . Where are you going , Redgie ? Well , it 's my wife . She 's ... Well , look . [ GRUNTING ] Oh . All right . Okay , no big deal . Okay , you come with me , Redge . And you handle this . What ? Me ? Yeah , it 's easy . You just Catch . Are you sure he knows what he 's doing ? He does it all the time . Let the man work . [ MRS. REDGICK PANTING ] Okay . Yeah . [ MRS. REDGICK GRUNTING ] 0oh ! Kay . Oh ... Damn , man . Kay ? Something 's peeking . Croagg the midwife is at 54th and Madison . You 're headed out of town , Redgie . What 's going on ? Well , we 're meeting someone . Who you meeting ? Well , it 's a ship . A ship ? I didn 't see a departure clearance for today . You didn 't ? No . Well , it 's ... Well , it 's an emergency . JAY : Kay ! Kay ! You 're doing fine , ace . What kind of emergency ? What 's the rush to get off the planet all of a sudden ? We just don 't like the neighbourhood anymore . Some of the new arrivals . What new arrivals ? Does it have anything to do with the crasher from last night ? JAY : Excuse me , miss . [ JAY YELLS ] [ TN ] Oh , man . Oh , man . Kay , look . Oh , man . [ CHUCKLES ] Congratulations , Redge , it 's a ... squid . JAY : Kay , man . You know , it 's actually kind of ... [ ALIEN GIGGLING ] Cute . [ CAR DOOR OPENS ] [ CAR DOOR CLOSES ] [ KAY SIGHS ] Anything about that seem unusual to you ? What would scare Redgick so badly that he 'd risk a warp jump with a newborn ? We 'll check the hot sheets . JAY : These are the hot sheets ? Best investigative reporting on the planet . Go ahead , read The New York Times if you want to . They get lucky sometimes . Thanks , Manny . Cannot believe you 're looking for tips in the Supermarket tabloids . Not " looking for . " Found . [ TN ] Wait a minute , slow down . Why ? Give her time to get the wrong impression . Makes things go a lot smoother . Can I help you gentlemen ? Yes , ma 'am , I 'm Special Agent Manheim . This is Special Agent Black of the FBI . We 'd like to talk to you about your visitor . BEATRICE : You here to make fun of me too ? No , ma 'am . We at the FBI do not have a sense of humour we 're aware of . May we come in ? Sure . Thank you . Lemonade ? Oh , yes , please . The chief of police himself came up to the house and did a full-out professional investigation . Took a police report and writ down everything I said , from A to Z , not believing one thing I said . Sort of poking fun at me . And they asked me , " If he was murdered , how was he able to walk back in the house ? " I gotta admit to you , that one got me sort of stumped . But I 'll tell you something right now . I know Edgar , and that wasn 't Edgar . It was like something was wearing Edgar like a ... Like a suit ... an Edgar suit . [ LAUGHING ] Dude was that ugly before he was a alien . I 'm sorry-Go on . Anyway , I come to and he 's gone . Did he say anything ? Yes . He asked me for some water . Some , uh , sugar water . Sugar water ? Yeah , I remember that right , because I thought that that was odd that he asked me for sugar water and not lemonade or ice water or regular water or tap water . All right , Beatrice . There was no alien . The flash of light you saw in the sky was not a UFO . Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and refracted the light from Venus . Wait ... Wait a minute . You just flash that thing , it erases her memory , and you just make up a new one ? A standard-issue neuralyser . And that weak-ass story is the best you can come up with ? All right . On a more personal note , Beatrice , Edgar ran off with an old girlfriend . You 're gonna go stay with your mom a couple of nights , you 're gonna get over it , and decide you 're better off . Well , yeah , you know , because he never appreciated you anyway . In fact , you know what ? You kicked him out . And now that he 's gone , you 're gonna go into town , you go to Bloomingdale 's , find yourself some nice dresses , get yourself some shoes . You know , find somewhere that maybe you could get a facial . And , oh , hire a decorator to come in here quick because , damn . JAY : Yo , Kay , look , check it out , man . When do I get my own flashy little memory-messer-upper thingy ? When you grow up . Mm . Okay . Please , not green . Oh , damn . I don 't suppose you know what kind of alien life form leaves a green spectral trail and craves sugar water , do you ? Oh , wait , that was on Final Jeopardy ! Last night . Damn , Alex said it was ... Zed , we have a bug . So , what ? We don 't like bugs ? Bugs thrive on carnage , tiger . They consume , infest , destroy , live off the death and destruction of other species . You were stung as a child , weren 't you ? No , listen , kid , imagine a giant cockroach with unlimited strength , a massive inferiority complex , and a real short temper is tear-assing around Manhattan Island in a brand-new Edgar suit . Does that sound like fun ? What 's the move ? With the bug in town , we 'll watch the morgues . [ TN ] [ MEOWS ] Where do you want Contestant Number 3 ? Just leave it there . What 's with the cat ? Oh , the cat . Yeah , well , there 's a problem with the cat . Sign here . What 's the problem with the cat ? It 's your problem . Heh-heh . I hate the living . Shall we ? [ TN ] Oh , my God . Whoa , buddy , what are you ? Subject was approximately 112 degrees at time of autopsy , indicating an increase in body temperature . Examiner tried to verify this rectally only to find the subject was without a rectum , which is , needless to say , really ... KAY : Weird . I 'm Dr. Leo Manville , Department of Public Health . This is Dr. White . You boys must not have much of a home life . We watch the morgues very carefully , ma 'am . Tell me , do you have something unusual around here ? I 'd say so . Triple homicide . Mm-hm . The first body I opened up was pretty normal , except he was broken in half . But when I opened up the other two , well ... Let me show you . There 's a skeletal structure at work here unlike anything I 've ever seen before . KAY : All right , I 'll have a look at this one . Dr. White , why don 't you and Dr. Weaver check out the other body , please ? This way , doctor . This one 's even Stranger . I did a full laparotomy . I started with the lesser curvature of the stomach , but we could start with the gastroesophageal junction , whichever you prefer . Let 's start wherever you started at . Okey-dokey . Oh . [ CAT MEOWS ] JAY : Is this your cat ? LAUREL : Guess it is now . It came in with the body . Okay , dive right in . I 'm sure he won 't mind . [ GROANS ] Hm . You have really pretty eyes . Thank you . Okay , you feel that ? Where the pyloric junction would be ? Push it aside . Notice anything strange ? Stomach , liver , lungs ... Nope , aHñne . Doctor , they 're all missing . Of course . Oh , you know , that 's obviously the first thing I noticed . Well , what I was pointing out is the fact that there are no pieces of them left . Yeah , you know , so they 're intact , wherever they are , whole somewhere . That we can be sure of . Have we met before ? I 'm having the strangest feeling of déjá vu . Yeah , me too . Really ? Okay , do you wanna know what I really think ? But don 't tell that guy . He looks like he 's under enough stress . See , I don 't think this body 's really a body . I think it 's some kind of transport unit for something else altogether . The question is , what ? Mm-hm . Is this freaking you out ? No . Pssh ! No , girl . You know what I like to do sometimes when it 's really late ? No . KAY : Dr. White . Um , excuse me . What do you think ? Very interesting . She got a real queen-of-the-undead thing going on ... Of the body . Great body . The dead body-0h _ . Man , you gonna have to go look at that thing . LAUREL : Dr. White ? You recognise him ? Yeah , he looks like the big guy I saw down at headquarters , only a little deader . LAUREL : Dr. White . What do you think killed him ? A bug ? Dr. White . You 're up , slugger . Oh . Look at this . JAY : What the hell is that ? [ TN ] [ GASPS ] [ ALIEN GASPING ] Must ... To prevent ... contest . JAY : Okay , what are you trying to say ? To prevent ... To prevent Struggle ? No . To prevent ... War ? Wa r ... the Galaxy ... is on Orion 's ... be ... Be ... What is word ? JAY : Bed ? Belt ? Orion 's belt ? [ MEOWS ] " To prevent war , the Galaxy is on Orion 's belt . " What the hell does that mean ? Doctor , uh ... Whatever , come here . Dr. Whatever ? Hey , you guys aren 't really from the Department of Health , are you ? Rosenberg . Aw , damn . The Arquillians are not gonna like this . This guy was one of the royal family . I knew it . This is an alien . And you guys are from some government agency trying to keep it under wraps . Look , he said , " To prevent war , the Galaxy is on Orion 's belt . " This makes total sense . How else do you explain New York ? The other day , I was in this cab , and this guy was ... " Galaxy on Orion 's belt " doesn 't make any sense . Look , that 's what the little dude inside the big dude 's head said , right ? Right after ... Damn , man . You did the flashy thing already . Hey , whoever you guys are , you 're gonna have to show me ID if you 're gonna be in the morgue . Oh , yes , of course , young lady . Have a look at this for me , please . Would you stop that ? What ? That thing is gonna give her brain cancer or something . Never hurt her before . Look , we gotta get all the doors closed off . Special Services will be here any minute . " Never hurt her before " ? How many times have you flashy-thinged that woman ? A couple . So , what , you not worried about long-term damage ? A little . Kay , have you flashy-thinged me ? No . I ain 't playing with you , Kay . Have you ever flashy-thinged me ? KAY : No . [ TN ] [ BRAKES SQUEAL ] Look , Kay , I think I should be in charge of the flashy-memory-thing department . Not while I 'm around , ace . You ain 't gonna be happy till you fricassee somebody 's brain out , man . All right , we got two dead aliens . And a deputy medical examiner needs a new memory . Yes , sir . Make it a happy memory . [ EDGAR GRUNTING ] [ METAL CRUNCHES ] Oh ... Oh ... EDGAR : Where is it ? [ TN ] [ SIGHS ] WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Will the owner of a blue warp-speed Cruiser please report to the front desk ? JAY : Hey , Zed . Doesn 't anybody ever get any sleep around here ? The twins keep us on Centaurian time . It 's a 37-hour day . Give it a few months . You 'll get used to it . Or you 'll have a psychotic episode . Here 's Orion . It 's a grouping of the brightest stars in the northern sky . And here 's Orion 's belt . Right . That 's what the little guy said : " To prevent war , the Galaxy is on Orion 's belt . " Junior , there are no galaxies on Orion 's belt . The belt is just these three stars . Galaxies are huge . They 're made up of billions of stars . You heard wrong . Look , whatever , man . I know what I heard . [ KEYBOARD CLACKING ] [ TN ] [ KEYBOARD CLACKS ] Pretty lady . Uh-huh . Okay . The grumpy guy 's story is starting to come into focus a little bit here . So you were the guy in that picture you showed me with the flowers . Yeah . And I take it she never got those flowers . So , what , she ever get married or anything ? No . Ah , well , you know what they say : It 's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all . Try it . ZED : Kay . Take a look at this . My God , they 're all leaving . We 've had 12 jump in the last hour . Redgick was just the first . What the hell do they know that we don 't ? Why does a rat desert a ship ? Give me Lem Sat 4 , please , with a proton induction thermoscan . Thank you . Okay , Lem Sat 18 . All right , 4000 . That 's an Arquillian battle cruiser . And we 've got a dead Arquillian prince . [ ALIEN CHATTER OVER RADIO ] KAY : And speak of the devil . They sound pissed . Boys , translate that . Step on it . Why don 't you get down to Rosenberg 's jewellery store and see what you can turn up ? Kal / - Give the kid a weapon . Series 4 De-atomizer . Now , that 's what I 'm talking about . Noisy Cricket . Hey , Kay , no , no . Come on , man . You get a Series 4 De-atomizer , I get a little midget Cricket ? Whoa , kid ! Feel like I 'm gonna break this damn thing . [ TN ] [ GRUNTING ] [ TOW TRUCK WHIRRING ] Hey , this is my truck . Yeah , and make sure you tell them that down at the impound . Please . Who breaks into a jewellery store and leaves all the jewels ? Somebody not looking for jewellery . This guy had a serious crush on his cat . [ GUNSHOT ] Kay , get down . [ YELLS ] [ WEAPON CHIRPING ] Man . That 's him . That 's the bug in the Edgar suit . [ WEAPON FIRES ] [ JAY SCREAMS ] [ WEAPON FIRES ] [ SCREAMS ] We do not discharge our weapons in view of the public . Man , we ain 't got time for this cover-up bullshit . I don 't know if you 've forgotten , but there 's a alien battle cruiser about to ... There 's always an alien battle Cruiser or a death ray or an intergalactic plague that 's about to wipe out life on this miserable little planet . The only way these people get on with their happy lives is they do not know about it . And don 't worry about the bug . He 's not leaving town . We got his ship . JAY : Excuse me . Excuse me , ladies and gentlemen . Zed , we need a containment crew on Macdougal Street south of Houston . Containment may be a moot point , old friend . The exodus continues . It 's like the party 's over and the last one to leave gets stuck with the cheque . You sorry little ingrates . [ ALL SPEAKING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] [ ALL LAUGHING ] [ ALL SINGING IN ALIEN LANGUAGE ] KAY : What about the Arquillians ? We 've only translated part of the message so far : " Deliver the Galaxy . " They don 't want much , do they ? Oh , it gets better . They 're holding us responsible . [ SNARLING AND GRUNTING ] Where do you keep your dead ? I don 't have any dead . Where ? I don 't know . The city morgue ? That 's three for a dollar , sir . It was some light , some light that refracted off of Venus into some swamp gas , and that 's what made the ... KAY : All right , kid . Excuse me . What 's up ? KAY : The Arquillians want the Galaxy , whatever the hell that means . We need help , a professional , somebody with years of experience in intergalactic politics . I just hope the little jerk hasn 't skipped town . MAN [ OVER MEGAPHONE ] : Can I have your attention , please ? Thank you . If you will gather over here ... That 's right , move in closer . That 's good . Thanks . If you 'll look right here , I 'd appreciate it . Thank you . Now , that 's the worst disguise ever . That guy 's definitely an alien . You don 't like it , you can kiss my furry little butt . You busy , Frank ? Sorry , Kay , can 't talk right now . My flight 's leaving in ... Whoa ! Get your paws off me . Call the pound . We got a stray . The dog owes my friend money . KAY : Arquillians and bugs , Frank , what do you know ? I know nothing . Not a thing , huh ? Okay . [ FRANK BARKING ] Stop , stop , stop it . Okay , okay . Rosenberg wasn 't some two-bit Arquillian . He was the guardian of a whole Galaxy . They thought he 'd be safe here on Earth . And the bug had other plans . The Galaxy is the best source for subatomic energy in the universe . If the bugs get their slimy claws on it , kiss the Arquillians goodbye . Ask him about the belt . Rosenberg said something about a galaxy on Orion 's belt . What 's he talking about , Frank ? Beats me . Beats you . No , no , no , not around . [ BARKING ] They 're rehearsing a ventriloquist act . FRANK : The Galaxy is here . What do you mean , here ? Galaxy 's hundreds of millions of stars and planets . How 's it here ? You humans . When are you gonna learn that size doesn 't matter ? Just because something 's important , doesn 't mean it 's not very , very small . How small ? Tiny . The size of a marble or a jewel . Now if you 'll excuse me , I gotta be walked before my flight . All right , get out of here . If the Galaxy 's here , it 's not on Orion 's belt . [ BARKING ] [ MEOWS ] [ TN ] Kal / - [ MEOWS ] Boy , when you want attention ... Orion . That 's a pretty name . What 's this ? Wow . [ BELL DINGING ] [ HISSES AND GROWLS ] Okay . Yes , good , thank you . Thank you for making sure the bell works . What 's up , Farmer John ? [ GROANS ] A man came in here earlier . A dead man . And that means what to me ? It was a very dear friend of mine . I believe he had an animal with him . It was a gift I gave him , a pet cat . It means worlds to me . I 'd like to have it back . Okay , I 'm gonna need a picture ID , written proof of ownership of the cat , notarized proof of kinship with the deceased . Don 't do that . Do what ? Don 't do it . [ TN ] ATTENDANT : Oh , man . [ GROWLING ] Look , Kay , why don 't you let me handle this one ? What ? All we gotta do is go in and get a cat . It 's not really that hard , but if you go in there , you 're gonna lay your Jack Webb on her , start flashing your brain ray all in her face . She gonna wind up with leukaemia or some shit . The woman 's a doctor . She don 't need you flashing away half her med-school classes . Five minutes . Two minutes . [ TN ] EDGAR : Where 's the animal ? I told you , I don 't know . Well , let 's see if we can find it . [ LAUREL GRUNTING ] JAY : Hello ? [ BELL DINGING ] JAY : Hello ? Hello ? How you doing ? Hello . I 'm Sergeant Friday from the 26th Precinct . A cat came in with a corpse the other day . " Orion " on the nametag ? Yes , that 's right . Right . Uh , well , this cat is a ... A witness in a murder case . I need to take him with me , ask him a few questions . Well , I don 't know where the cat is right now . Oh , you don 't ? No , but maybe you could take me with you instead . Damn , you do start fast , don 't you ? I 'd really like to go with you . Now . Uh-huh . And exactly why is that ? [ TN ] There 's something I need to show you . Slow down , girl , you ain 't gotta hit the gas like that . No , you don 't understand . You really need to see this . Oh , I will , I will . Oh , one thing : I gotta drive . You know , it 's not some macho trip . I 'm saying , that 's just the way I get down . Look , stud , you 're really not getting this . There 's something I need you to help me with . [ GROWLS ] [ ALI EN ROARS ] [ LAUREL SCREAMS ] Freeze it , bug . Christ , you are thick . Look , how was I supposed to know ? Do I have to sing it for you ? If you weren 't coming on like some drunken prom date ... Oh , God . That is so typical . Any time a woman shows the slightest hint of sexual independence ... How about we shut up ? Let her go , shit-eater . Listen , monkey boy , compared to you humans , I 'm on the top rung of the evolutionary ladder . So can it , all right ? You 're breaking my heart . Show me your face , and I 'll cure all your ills . You ever pull wings off a fly ? You care to see the fly get even ? How far do you think you 're gonna get without your ship , if that 's what you call that piece of space trash we got locked in the office ? EDGAR : Put your weapons down . KAY : Never gonna happen , insect . JAY : It 's okay , Laurel . How is it okay ? I 'm saying it 's gonna be okay . Don 't bet on it , meat sack . [ LAUREL SCREAMS ] [ EDGAR GRUNTS ] [ LAUREL SCREAMS ] [ LAUREL SCREAMING ] Let me go . [ HORN HONKING AND TYRES SCREECHING ] God , what the ... ? EDGAR : Come on . Take me here . No way . [ GROWLING ] Take me . [ TYRES SCREECHING ] Hey . Come back ! [ HORNS HONKING AND TYRES SCREECHING ] JAY : He 's in a cab . Don 't move , don 't move . Don 't move . Hey , man , what ? Whoa , whoa . He 's not leaving the planet in a cab . Let 's go . Come with me . Put up a bio-net all the way around Manhattan . If it 's not human , I don 't want it to leave this island . Yes , sir . What do we hear from our friends upstairs ? Same thing : " Deliver the Galaxy . " The bug 's got the Galaxy . But we got his ship . He 's gotta be looking for a way out . [ ALARM WAILING ] WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Warning : Plutonic fusion detection . Warning : Plutonic fusion detection . What the hell are they shooting at us for ? KAY : Arquillian battle rules , kid . First , we get an ultimatum , then a warning shot , and then we have a galactic standard week to respond . A galactic standard week ? How the hell long is that ? One hour . One hour ? Then what ? [ ALARM WAILING ] JAY : Aw , that 's bullshit . KAY : Look , kid , to keep the bugs from getting it , the Arquillians will destroy that Galaxy . And whatever planet it 's on . You 're talking about us . Heh-heh . Sucks , huh ? KAY : I 'm pulling up the location of every interstellar vehicle within a hundred miles . ZED : Already did it . Frank the Pug took the last ship . We got Sneden 's Landing and Throg 's Neck . They 're gone . We have Atlantic City . Gone . All right , Bayonne ? Gone . All right , there 's Three Mile Island . Gone . Yo . KAY : Staten Island . ZED : Gone , thank God . Fellas . KAY : We 're running out of time . If that bug gets off the planet with that Galaxy , we 're all bug food . Hey , Old GUYS - Do those still work ? [ TN ] EDGAR : You 're coming with me . LAUREL : What ? It 's a long trip . I 'll need a snack . Whoa ! Ah ! Ah ! Wait a minute , you 're taking the tunnel ? You know a better way to Queens ? Man , that thing 's gonna be packed . [ TYRES SCREECHING ] You remember the little red button ? Yeah . Push the little red button . And you might wanna put on a seat belt . Kay . Kay ! [ SCREAMING ] [ GRUNTING ] You know , you 're much too tense . You 're a young man . You need to relax . Learn to take some joy in your work . Do you like music ? [ ELVIS PRESLEY 'S " THE PROMISED LAND " PLAYING ] That 's better . [ KAY SINGING " THE PROMISED LAND " ] All right , now . Ah , shit . Ah , man . [ IMITATING GUITAR ] Kay . Kay ! [ HORNS HONKING ] You do know Elvis is dead , right ? No , Elvis is not dead . He just went home . [ BELL DINGS ] [ LAUREL GRUNTING ] You don 't wanna eat me . I 'm a very important person on my planet . Like a queen . A goddess , even . There are those who worship me . I 'm not telling you to try to impress you . I 'm just letting you know it could start a war . EDGAR : Good , war . That means more food for my family . All 78 million of them . That 's a lot of mouths to feed , Your Highness . LAUREL : You 're a wonderful dad , but I 'm staying here . [ GROANS ] [ TN ] Now , that 's what I 'm talking about . Roaches check in . They don 't check out . WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Warning : Eight minutes to the destruction of Earth . Eight minutes to destruction . [ ENGINES WHIRRING ] [ CROWD CHEERING ] All right , we 'll use pulsar level five with a subsonic implosion factor . What ? Just shoot the damn thing on the count of three . One , two , three . [ ENGINES HISS ] [ M ETAL CREAKING ] Oh , you idiots ! You don 't get it . I 've won . It 's over . You 're milk-suckers . You don 't matter . In fact , in a few seconds , you won 't even be matter . You 're under arrest for violating Section 4153 of the Tycho Treaty . JAY : So hand over whatever galaxy you might be carrying , and step away from your busted-ass vehicle , and put your hands on your head . Okay . Oh , I ... I see . I 'll put my hands on ... On my head . [ GRUNTS ] Like this ? [ GROWLING ] Kay ... [ GROWLING ] [ BOTH GRUNTING ] That did not go at all the way I planned . Whatever happens , don 't let him get on the second ship . What ? What are you talking about ? Keep him on this planet . Kay ... Kay , where are you going ? I 'm gonna get my gun back . Hey . Hey , bug . Wait a minute , I 'm talking to you . You know how many of your kind I 've swatted with a newspaper ? You 're nothing but a smear on the sports page to me , you slimy , gut-sucking intestinal parasite . Eat me . Eat me ! [ ROARS ] Kay . Kay ! [ ROARING ] Hey ! What 's up ? You 'rejust gonna eat and run , huh ? What about dessert ? Ah ! Wha ... ? That 's it ? Where are you going ? This party 's just getting started . Where you going ? Where you going ? Ah ! Let me tell you something . There 's only one way off of this planet , baby , and that 's through me . [ ALIEN GROWLING ] [ ALIEN SCREECHES ] [ JAY YELLS ] [ SCREAMS ] [ BRANCH CRACKS ] HGV - Where you going ? Why you running , huh ? I 'm still standing . Come on , bring it . Come on , bring it . [ CRUNCHES ] Uh-oh . I 'm sorry . Was that your auntie ? [ GROWLING ] Then that must mean that that 's your uncle , then , huh ? You know y 'all look alike . Well , well . Big bad bug got a bit of a soft spot , huh ? [ CRUNCHING ] See , what I can 't understand is why you gotta come down here , bringing all this ruckus , snatching up galaxies and everything . My attitude is , don 't start nothing , won 't be nothing . You need to ease up out of my face before something bad happen to you . [ WEAPON POWERING UP ] Too late . [ JAY YELLS ] [ GROANS ] Zed , call the Arquillians . Tell them we have the Galaxy . ZED : You got it , friend . Going to get your gun back , huh ? I like this gun . Yeah , well , while you was in there playing around , I was down here doing all the work . You know , first I had to bean him in the head with this big rock . Then I was gonna hit him with this 2-by-4 . He kicked me , and , you know , it hurt . But then I got to the fire , you know . I was like " ah " with the fire . Not bad for your second day of work , is it ? Well , this definitely rates about a 9.0 on my weird-shit-0-meter . You should 've been here for the Zeronian migration in 1968 . Whoa . I guess you weren 't even alive in ' 68 . [ SCREECHES ] Interesting job you guys have . Kay , om , look , I know we got these rules and everything , but I was thinking , she did help us bust that bug . Maybe we didn 't have to flashy-thing her . Kay , come on , man . What , who 's she gonna tell ? She hang out with all dead people . It 's not for her . It 's for me . What ? They 're beautiful , aren 't they ? Stars . I mean , I never look at them anymore , but they actually are quite , om ... beautiful . [ TN ] Uh , Kay , you 're frightening yourpannen I haven 't been training a partner . I 've been training a replacement . Wait a minute , Kay . I cannot do this job by myself . Hey , guys , my apartment isn 't anywhere near here . It 's not even on the same island . Days ... months ... years . Always face it forward . Kay ... I 've just been down the gullet of an interstellar cockroach , kid . That 's one of a hundred memories that I don 't want . See you around , Jay . No , you won 't . LAUREL : Hey , Jay . Zed called . The high consulate from Solaxium 9 wants floor seats for the Knicks-Bulls game . All right , let 's put in a call to Dennis Rodman . He 's from that planet . Rodman ? You 're kidding . Nope . Not much of a disguise . [ TN ] [ WILL SMITH 'S " MEN IN BLACK " PLAYING ] [ TN ]
