 Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi ( Scully ) From space it seems an abstraction , a magician 's trick on a darkened stage . And from this distance one might never imagine that it is alive . It Hrst appeared in the sea almost four billion years ago in the form of single-celled life . In an explosion of life spanning millions of years , nature 's Hrst multi-cellular organisms began to multiply . And then it stopped . 440 million years ago a great mass extinction would kill off nearly every species on the planet , leaving the vast oceans decimated and empty . Slowly plants began to evolve . Then insects . Only to be wiped out in the second great mass extinction upon the Earth . The cycle repeated again and again . Reptiles emerging independent of the sea , only to be killed off Then dinosaurs struggling to life , along with the first birds , # sh and flowering plants - Their decimations : Earth 's fourth and Hfth great extinctions . Only 100,000 years ago Homo sapiens appear Man . From cave paintings to the Bible , to Columbus and Apollo 11 , we have been a tireless force upon the Earth and off cataloguing the natural world as it unfolds to us . Rising to a world population of over Eve billion people , all descended from that original single cell . That Hrst spark of life . But , for all our knowledge , what no one can say for certain is what or who ignited that original spark . Is there a plan , a purpose , or a reason to our existence ? Will we pass , as those before us , into oblivion ? Into the sixth extinction that scientists warn is already in progress ? ( speaks African language ) Or will the mystery be revealed through a sign ? A symbol ? A revelation ? Professeun / Professeun / Professeun venez voin / Tout le monde , venez voin / Venez voin tout le monde . Allez _ C 'estlé-bas . C 'est de l 'autre cété . Suivez-moi . Yes . Get me the international operator . I need to place a call to the United States . Excuse me . I am looking for the biology department , for a Professor Sandoz . Dr Sandoz ? Professor Sandoz , I 'm Solomon IVlerkmallen . My God , I thought something had happened to you . Oh , did you not get my message ? We were delayed in Frankfurt . Look , the important thing is you 're here now and you 're safe . You brought me something . This discovery of yours . - Yes . - I 'm quite anxious to see it . I was concerned I might be relieved of it in customs . There was some trouble with the x-ray machine in Germany . What kind of trouble did you have ? - I told you of its power . - Yes , of course . My credentials were the only thing that prevented me from being further detained . ( monkeys screech ) ( screeching continues ) I can 't explain how it is , but the two pieces have become one . I hoped they 'd match the piece you found , so that you might see for yourself its magic . Have you had any luck reading it ? You 're not Dr Sandoz , are you ? ( screeching ) Damn . A case like this , I thought of your interest . Dr IVlerkmallen 's views being what they were . I believe Agent Mulder 's familiar with his work . Dr Solomon IVlerkmallen . Professor of biology , University of Ivory Coast . He flew in yesterday from Africa . Two hours later he was apparently murdered at American University . His body is missing , but there was blood on the floor . Two students spoke to him when he asked them for directions to find a Dr Sandoz , also a professor of biology . Both men espouse a theory called panspermia . - It 's the belief life originated ... - Elsewhere ... in this universe . - You 've heard of this ? - Yeah . It 's the idea that Mars or other planets were habitable long before Earth . And that cosmic collisions on these planets blasted microbes into our solar system , - some of which flourished here . - You 'd accept that as plausible ? Well , almost any scientist would ... theoretically . I mean , it 's just a theory . That 's about it , though . Think this has anything to do with his death ? Dr Merkmallen found an artefact in his country . This is a rubbing of that artefact . He claimed it contained a message of the very meaning of human existence . Much less plausible . Dr Sandoz , the man he 'd come to meet , made a similar claim in a science journal . He said he 'd found a artefact almost identical to that with similar writings on it . - And what was it supposed to say ? - We 'd have to ask Dr Sandoz that . - Well , why don 't we ? - We Crucially He 's missing . What are we doing , Mulder ? This is a police matter at best . Skinner wants us on the case . You gonna convince me you have no personal interest in this case ? - I am just a hired gun for the FBI . - Oh , come on . I wonder if there 's something to this . Two men suggesting we 're all IVIartians _ Why would they possibly come into foul play ? That 's what we 're being asked to figure out . I can 't stand here ... ( Scully 's voice fades out ) ( distorted voices ) I mean , this endless pursuit of the truth , Mulder . It just doesn 't make any sense to me now . Mulder ? Did you hear a word of what I just said ? - No . - No . - Well , maybe you didn 't wanna hear it . - No , I ... I couldn 't hear it . Mulder ? Look , after all you 've done , after all you 've uncovered - a conspiracy of men doing human experiments , men who are all now dead . You exposed their secrets . I mean , you 've won . What more could you possibly hope to do or to find ? My sister . Guess I was right about this being a police matter . - Detective . - Can I help you ? Agents Mulder and Scully , FBI . What do you have ? Probable weapon . Blood and hair on it . Prints , too . - Any word on this Dr Sandoz ? - No . - But we 're being told the prints are likely his . - Told by whom ? The man your partner 's speaking with . - I 'm Fox Mulder with the FBI . - I 'm Dr Barnes , head of the department . They 've asked me to suspend classes and organise interviews . - Any ideas about what happened ? - There 's plenty of speculation . - About the missing Dr Sandoz ? - Apart from his laughable ideas , he was capable of almost anything to advance his questionable reputation . Capable of murder ? Dr Sandoz 's notes are full of talk about a artefact coming over from West Africa . But , like the man bringing it , it has yet to be located . Are you speaking of this ? ( distorted voices ) Mulder ? Dr Sandoz believes this writing was from aliens . These are trivial men with no patience for the scientific process . They 're happy to read their names in the tabloids . Pseudo-scientists . Beyond embarrassment . - What is it , Mulder ? - I don 't know . This , uh , hollow noise . The same thing that happened to me at work in the elevator this morning . - Do you have a fever ? - No . This sounds weird , but I think it 's that thing . You 're not kidding . It 's just a piece of paper . ( man ) I recognise the ideography ( footsteps ) You 're late . I 'm sorry . I thought this was my office . Fox . I called Chuck cos I knew you would , for authentication . And to get his professional opinion on now it 's affecting you . - Fascinating . - You don 't believe it ? No , no . You know me ! This is right up my twisted little alley . So , uh , what exactly are you experiencing ? Noise , aural dissonance . It comes and it goes . - Is it happening right now ? - No , but it was a few minutes ago . And it 's only affecting you ? Triggered by the rubbing ? - Wow . That blows me away . - Why ? Because the rubbing is a fake . And I 'm not the first one to say so . The writing is Cree . Phonetic Navajo . But no literal interpretation makes any sense . And the fact it was found in Africa makes it all the more suspicious as a fabrication . - Suspicious of what ? - D 'you know what a magic square is ? - Yeah , it has to do with the occult . - Right . Very cool . They first appear in the ninth century in history . But , uh ... As the story goes , God himself instructed Adam in their use , and then handed down the secret to all his saints , prophets and wise men as a way of trapping and storing potential power to the person whose name or numerical correlative exercises that power . - That 's what this thing is ? - Someone would have you believe it is . - How do you know that ? - Neither of us had to go very far to find out . Barnes documented Sandoz 's fakery once before . If he was blunt about his colleague when we met him , here he is brutal . - Does he back any of that up ? - Well , it 's quite scholarly , actually . Barnes has made something of a career exposing science and religious fraud . Name your wonder of the world . He 's been there , debunked that ... Yeah , but wouldn 't it be in his great interest to hide something that he couldn 't disprove ? IVlulder , if it were real , why would an American Indian artefact be fused in rock on the west coast of Africa ? In 1996 a rock from Mars was found in Antarctica . How did it get there ? It was from outer space . Begs the question , doesn 't it ? Why produce a fraud with Navajo writing ... in Africa ? ( aural dissonance ) ( Scully ) Mulder ? ( distorted voices ) - Hey . - ( groans ) Step outside . Step outside . You 're in pain . No , no , it 's gone away . Mulder , whatever 's causing this , I think it needs immediate attention . - I 'm gonna schedule you an imaging scan . - No , I 'm OK . I really am . You 're not OK . If nothing else , you should be at home in bed . I 'm not going home to bed , Scully . I think I know what 's causing this . I know what happened to the two professors . - I had a sense of it when I met Barnes . - You had " a sense of it " ? Yes . This man , Solomon Nlerkmallen , is dead . Barnes knows it . - He killed him . He killed him in that lab . - ( sighs ) I hope you 're not going to suggest we arrest him on that baseless assumption . No , I 'm not . Not until after I show you what he did with the body . I 've been through it . Know what you 're lookin ' for ? We 'll let you know if we find it . Cops have been here too , you know . They couldn 't find nothin ' either . - We 'll come get you ... - Yeah , yeah . Whatever happened to Dr Sandoz , he liked to fly south for the winter . A lot . Gallup , New Mexico . Navajo country . Well , I think I know who he was going to see . - That 's Albert Hosteen _ - A World War II codetalker _ Maybe he was using him to read the symbols on the artefact . Or write them . Mulder , you also said we 'd find a body . Care to make good on that prediction ? - Scully , you packin ' any latex ? - No . Why ? Doesn 't it smell like somebody forgot to take out the garbage ? - ( flies buzzing ) - Oh ! Oh , God . ( Skinner ) So you think Dr Sancloz is innocent ? He 's afraid for his life because of what he knows and what he has . - This . - A genuine artefact . One of several pieces of an unknown haul . Dr Barnes has one now , too . That 's why he killed IVlerkmallen . - But the way his body was disposed of ? - It was to incriminate Sandoz . It 's also to hide something . Something no one would think to look for . Scully , could you please tell ... what your medical exam found in the lab report ? Parts of his body were missing . His arms , his hands , parts of his vital organs and his thyroid . All of which would retain telltale traces of radiation . - Radiation from what ? - The artefact . On Agent Mulder 's urging , I ran tissue samples through what 's called a charged particle directional spectrometer . There were traces of a kind of radiation called CGR . Cosmic Galactic Radiation . It 's a type of radiation found only outside our solar system . Agent Scully ? I don 't know how to explain it , but I feel we can make an arrest . - Forget the arrest . We gotta find the artefacts . - ( aural dissonance ) Agent Mulder ? - There 's someone else on this case , sir . - Excuse me ? There 's someone else on this case . You 're not telling me ! - What the hell 's he talking about ? - I hear it . In my head . Mulder , let 's go . ( distorted voices ) - Mulder , you 're losing it . - I 'm not . Listen to me . He 's not telling the truth . I 'm hearing people . He 's spying on us . Mulder , you need to see a doctor . - I need to find those artefacts . - I 'll find them . You need to go home now . Mulder ? ( door opens and closes ) - Is there something you 're looking for ? - Yes . I was looking to speak to Mr Hosteen _ Mr Hosteen cannot accept any visitors at this time . I understand . I saw him wheeled out in an emergency . - Can you tell me what 's wrong ? - I can 't give out that information . I know him . He 's helped me in the past . I 'm sure that he wouldn 't mind you telling me . Albert has cancer . He 's suffering from its effects . He 's dying . ( man ) Dr Barnes ? ( animals squawking ) ( aural dissonance ) ( aural dissonance fades in and out ) ( Scully ) Hey ! Hey ! ( distant alarm ) ( alarm rings loudly ) OK . I need answers from you . Are you the man who called ? Dr Barnes ? - Yes . - Dr Barnes , you and I are ... Destined to be great friends . ( Sandoz ) Albert was the only translator who didn 't dismiss me out of hand . When I showed him the original artefact he sensed immediately its power and importance . Trouble was it was only one fragment . - Not enough to read . - But then other pieces surfaced . Dr I \ / Ierkmallen found two more in the tidal shallows . He sent me a rubbing . Suddenly Albert was able to make a real translation . A passage from the Bible on an artefact that you 're saying is extraterrestrial . And , uh , how did the aliens get it ? They gave it to us . The text came from them . I can prove it . It 's written here . I 'm sure of it . Albert was translating another section when his health turned . And , uh , this was going to tell us what ? I don 't know yet . Albert said it just seemed to be random letters . - ( phone rings ) - ( woman ) Hello ? Hello ? I 'm sorry . I 'm trying to reach Fox Mulder . Hold on , please . Fox ? - Hello . - Where are you ? - I 'm here . I 'm resting . - Where ? Who answered the phone ? I 'm home. it 's OK . Where are you ? I 'm in New IVlexico with Dr Sandoz . - Does he have the artefact ? - ( sighs ) Mulder , this artefact . - If I 'm to believe what I 'm being told about it ... - What ? It has a passage on it from Genesis . - Scully , that artefact is extraterrestrial . - Mulder , it can 't be . - You know what that would mean ? - It would mean nothing . No , it would mean our progenitors were alien . Our " genesis " was alien . - That we 're here because they put us here . - That is science fiction . It holds no water . You 're wrong . It holds everything . Don 't you see ? All the mysteries of science , everything we can 't understand . Every human behaviourism . Cosmology , psychology , everything in the X-Files . - It all owes to them . It 's from them . - I will not accept that . It is just not possible ! Then go ahead and prove me wrong , Scully . Yes , it 's Diana Fowley calling for him . I received a call from Agent Mulder this evening . He was in a particular state of distress . I don 't know why , but I 'm staying here until I find out . _ .preparations for mass destruction on a scale that can only be imagined . What can we do to stop them ? There appears to be nothing we can do to prevent it . It becomes a question of managing the crisis , othen / vise we face annihilation ourselves . ( Scully ) It began with an act of supreme violence . A big bang expanding ever outward . A cosmos born of matter and gas . Matter and gas . Ten billion years ago . Whose idea was this ? Who had the audacity for such invention ? And the reason ? Were we part of that plan ten billion years ago ? Are we born only to die ? To be fruitful and multiply and replenish the Earth before giving way to our generations ? If there is a beginning , must there be an end ? We burn like Hres in our time , only to be extinguished . To surrender to the elements ' eternal reclaim . Matter and gas . Will this all end one day ? Life no longer passing to life ? The Earth left barren like the stars above ? Like the cosmos ? Will the hand that lit the flame let it burn down ? Let it burn out ? Could we , too , become extinct ? Or if this Ere of life living inside us is meant to go on , who decides ? Who tends the flames ? Can he reignite the spark even as it grows cold and weak ? - The ceremony 's begun , if you want to go in . - No . I don 't think that 's right . I don 't share in their faith . The doctors say they 've done everything they could . I know . I think they have . ( phone rings ) I 'm sorry . Scully . - It 's Skinner . Where are you ? - I 'm with Dr Sandoz . - Where ? - In ... Gallup , New Mexico . Where are you ? Georgetown . It 's bad news . Mulder 's in serious condition . - What happened ? - Nobody knows . Do whatever you can to get here as soon as possible . I have to go . I have to leave . Please . Don 't let anyone know where I am . Until we know for sure . ( footsteps ) - They told me he 's in the psychiatric unit . - I told you on the phone ... No , you said that there was bad news . You didn 't tell me what was wrong . Look , I 'm sorry . It just took me three flights to get here . I don 't know what to do , Dana . No one else does either . I knew you 'd wanna be here to see him , to talk to the doctors . What ? What is it ? ( mumbling ) ( door opens ) Thank you for coming . He was asking for you last night . ( door opens ) - You really shouldn 't be in here . - What 's wrong with this man , Fox IVlulder ? ( Mulder screams ) I 'm not sure what 's wrong with him , and we don 't know what to do for him . He has abnormal brain function , but no signs of stroke . We 're waiting to run more tests . - Waiting for what ? - He 's violent . With what we 've given him , he should be in a coma . But there 's brain activity in areas we 've never seen . - I wanna talk to him . - No . He 's a danger to anyone . - Not to me . - Can we speak in the hall ? About what ? Agent Scully ? Scully ! When did all this start ? When we took this case . When Skinner gave it to us . - What kind of case is it ? - Investigation into a murder . - Of whom ? - It has nothing to do with what 's happened . Agent Scully says it does . You know my background , my work on the X-Files . If I can help ... The X-File here is a fraud . Scully has ample proof of that . Evidence authenticated by a scholar in authority . I never sent you that report . Anyway , the case is being resolved . Not as far as it affects Agent Mulder . - If you know what 's happening , tell me . - Why were you with him last night ? He called me . I found him in a university stairwell . He could barely speak . He said I was the only one who 'd believe him . About an artefact . You 're a liar . Scully . You 're both liars . ( chanting ) ( phone rings ) - Hello ? - Agent Scully . Dr Sandoz . I didn 't know how else to reach you . - There 's something ... - I don 't know if this is a secure line . Yes , all right . But I realised something . The letters Albert translated on the artefact , I know what they are . - What they are ? - Yes . They 're coordinates . - For what ? - Genes . They 're symbols for gene clusters . The human genome . - Are you there ? - Yeah . I think it 's all here . The map to our human genetic makeup . Every gene on every chromosome . - Proof of what I 've been saying . - ( neighing ) If only we could find more pieces . Dr Sandoz ? - Hello ? - ( gunshot ) Dr Sandoz ? ( speaks African language ) it 's the same . I 'll take you , but they are afraid . Fixed Synced By MoUsTaFa ZaKi
