 All in favor , aye . Aye . All right . Starting Monday , the track around the athletic field will be closed to joggers at 8 : 30 p.m. instead of 10 : 00 . Any other items before we call it a night ? Yeah . Um ... I got wind that for the spring drama production , Howard Roberts intends to put on Jesus Christ Superstar . You know how he is . Howard 's just trying to do things the kids like . My point exactly . Um , I don 't think that play is appropriate for this high school . Well , if he wants to be young , I have no problems with Grease or Annie or ... Doesn 't Grease have the " F " word ? Look , I 'll talk to Howard . Okay , let 's adjourn till next week . Deborah , why don 't you lead us in the prayer . Jim , the game is on . It 'll only take a minute . We 've been letting it slip . Paul , why don 't you get the door . In the name of the lords of darkness , rulers of the earth , kings of the underworld , I command the forces of darkness to bestow their infernal power upon me . His is the hand that wounds ! His is the place called Hell . May the black powers of our forefathers make us strong . Hail . Hail the lords of darkness . How much further ? It 's just up here a ways . I heard the altar is a hollowed stump just up here . Okay , when they get freaked ... Yeah ? ... you get Kate , I take Andrea . These mittens are giving me a Gingrich . This is it . Okay . Okay , I need a personal object from everyone . All right . Now , Andrea , you 're going to stand over here and face Jerry like this . Closer . Why like this ? Well , that 's so , uh ... that 's so that we 're calling the spirits up of every direction . Okay , now , Kate , you got to stand here and face me . Do you really think someone used this place for black magic , or is it just a rumor ? Come on , Dave . Shh . " In the name of the lords of darkness , " rulers of the earth , " kings of the underworld ... " rise . Rise to this place , " uh ... " Azazel ... " " Know ye all who dwell in the light " of professed righteousness " that the others who know the keys and the angels have opened the gate . " - Come on ! - Forget this ! Andrea ! ... the Lord is with thee . Blessed art thou amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , Jesus . Holy Mary , mother of God , pray for us sinners now and at the hour of our death ... Andrea ! Wait ! Hunter found him early this morning . He hasn 't been dead for more than 12 hours . They say this area is used for witches ' ceremonies . They ? Well , everybody . Anybody who lives around here knows about the things go on in this town . They say there are people who control things . Any evidence to substantiate those rumors , Sheriff Oakes ? Well , Agent Scully , look at the body . The eyes and heart have been cut out . Many homicides involve victim desecration . I know he and his friends listen to devil music . " The Night Chicago Died " ? You know what I mean . Those heavy metal bands that influence kids . Was Jerry Stevens or his friends ever witnessed participating in witchcraft ? No . More rumors . This stump here is supposed to be the ceremonial altar . What do you think ? I think with a few turquoise chips , a picture of John Wayne , and three cans of shellac , it would make a pretty nice coffee table . Well , you see all that wax ? Someone 's been burning candles in there . Any idea who Jerry Stevens was with out here ? Well , we assume he was alone . Well , most people don 't set out to drink two six-packs by themselves . I also found this . It has some purple ink on the edge , like a library identification stamp , and the end of the title says " in America . " I 'm surprised your people overlooked it . I 'm sorry . I got to apologize here . You 're ... you 're right . I admit we 're a little rattled here . That 's why I called the FBI . This may involve a deeper conspiracy . See , I grew up around here , and ever since I was a kid , I heard stories . This is a weird area . It has a strange air that I could chalk up to imagination ... till today . I 'll have my staff start checking libraries for you , Agent Scully . Better hide your Megadeth albums . Theories like that are why I can 't take him seriously . The homicide did have a ceremonial presentation- - the manner in which the body was displayed . Mulder , I got the impression you didn 't believe him either . I didn 't want to incite his already clearly aggravated imagination , but there is a weird feel to this place . Maybe there 's some truth to those rumors . I think he incited your imagination . I think this case is nothing more than a murderer taking advantage of local folklore . I mean , there 's nothing odd about ... So ... lunch ? Mulder , toads just fell from the sky . Guess their parachutes didn 't open . You were saying something about this place not feeling odd ? The National Weather Service says there were tornadoes in Northern Massachusetts . The wind probably picked up the animals into the storm . " Witch Hunt : A History of the Occult in America . " Last checked out to a Dave Duran . Okay , people . People , may I have your attention , please . Mr. Kingery is out sick today , so I 'll be substituting . My name 's Mrs. Paddock . I 'm going to take the roll ... FBI . We 'd like to speak with a Dave Duran . Come on . I 'm not into that stuff at all , I swear . Jerry was my best friend . Look , I swear , I 've never done anything like that . What made you go to a place you heard was a witches ' altar ? We were just trying to get some . I told you . Why did you take the book ? Because I don 't know a thing about witchcraft , and we wanted to make it sound good . I never thought ... You never thought what ? That it would work . If you didn 't kill Jerry Stevens , why did you run away from us in the classroom ? I 'm scared , man . Of us ? Of it . That ceremony . I 'm afraid we called up some devil or something . One of you killed Jerry Stevens . Who ? He was displayed according to the rites of Azazel . Who else would know about the ritual ? We stopped doing this because ... I went out there . We were supposed to have a mass . No one else showed , so I left . It wasn 't any of us . Something is here- - a presence amongst us . Angry . I can feel it . You 're letting them go ? There 's no evidence to warrant an arrest . They never leave evidence . We heard how Jerry Stevens was killed- - an occult ritual . They 've reached into our area from the outside . " They " again . Those three kids are obviously under occult influence . They 're reaching to our children in music , television , books . They prey on children 's innocence . The FBI recently concluded a seven-year study and found little or no evidence of the existence of occult conspiracies . And J. Edgar Hoover never admitted to the existence of the Mafia . Look , if the number of murders attributed to occult conspiracies were true , it would mean thousands of people killing tens of thousands of people a year , without evidence , without being exposed . It would be the greatest criminal conspiracy in the history of civilization . Finally , you people understand what we 're up against . Our investigation is ongoing . Come on . Mulder , this is mass hysteria . And our presence here on a routine homicide only gives validity to their fears of occult murders . The water . What 's wrong with it ? It 's going down the drain counter-clockwise . Coriolis force in the Northern Hemisphere dictates that it should go down clockwise . That isn 't possible . Something is here , Scully . Something is making these things possible . Girls . May I have a word ? I heard on the grapevine about what happened , and ... well , I know how hard it is to talk to adults sometimes , even though you feel like you want to , well , because you 're young adults . What I 'm trying to say is , if you feel like talking , I 'm here to listen , okay ? - Thanks , Mrs. Paddock . - Yeah , thanks , Mrs. Paddock . Hang in there . Your records indicate a high incidence of students complaining of depression , headaches , eating disorders . This is high school . It 's normal for students to display abnormal behavior . I 'm assuming you 're familiar with the early indications of repressed memory . Just because a student has a headache doesn 't mean he 's repressing memory . In your counseling , you 've found no evidence of any past ritual abuse ? None . Would it be possible for me to speak to any of the students who have had chronic complaints ? That would be a betrayal of the doctor-patient relationship . Sorry . From the volume of student complaints , he was pretty quick to dismiss my concerns . Maybe there 's nothing here . Maybe he 's hiding something . Take a look at this . I found this on the Internet . " The discovery yesterday " of a mutilated teenage boy in the forest " has police officials distressed about the possibility of a conspiratorial organization of dark forces . " Where is that pulled from , local paper ? " The Jew is known to remove organs and sacrifice teens in their religious ceremonies . " It 's taken from Volkischer Beobachter , a Nazi newspaper in 1934 . The rumors are the same , but blanks have been filled in with whoever must be feared or persecuted at the time- - in this case , it 's occultists . Modern witches , known as Wiccan , are a religion . They have a great reverence for all life and nature . They do not cast harmful spells , they don 't worship Satan . Even the Church of Satan has renounced murder and torture . Their influence here wouldn 't account for the frogs or the water draining backwards or , most importantly , the murder . Well , if not witches , then what ? For your final examination , one-half of your grade will be based on your diagram of a dissected pig embryo . Of course , these are actually hog embryos belonging to the order of the artiodactyl or creatures with hooves . Be sure to remove the heart and lungs and draw a diagram of each . Be neat . Extra credit will be given for dissecting the heart . You have until the end of the period . I 'll cut it open if you do the heart . Okay . I 've had this happen before . Some kids just have trouble dissecting things . Shannon , I 'm trying to reach your father and get him to pick you up . No ! I 'm sure he 'll be here soon . No ! - Shannon ? - Shannon , honey , come back ! Shannon , you 're remembering ! Tell me what you 're remembering . You , um , know who my step-dad is , right ? Jim Ausbury on the PTC . All right , well , my mom ... she 's a teacher . Well , was a teacher . My real dad , he , um ... he ran away . And ... my mom met Jim at some seminar , something . And they , um ... they got married . My sister and I moved up here when I was about , um ... four . She was about two . Anyway , a couple weeks ago , my class , we took a field trip to what they call the American Stonehenge . And ... I remember when I was four years old Jim took me in his car near there , and he , um he made me ... in the back seat . He told me that if I ever told anybody that he would hurt me . As he touched me , you know , I would pretend like I was out of my body- - deep in the ocean , down with the fish , in the dark water . Somehow- - I don 't know- - I managed to block out all these things , but lately , it 's all been ... I 'm remembering , you know ? The others , too . Others ? Yeah . Men and women , they would , um , come to the house , you know , when my mom was away , and they would take me down to the basement . It was really dark . It was , like , painted red with a dirt floor . They would wear these robes , black and red , and they would sing and they would chant , and then they would tie me and my sister up . These men and women , they would ... make us do things . They called me a breeder . They would get me pregnant and then they would kill the babies . I 've had three children , and they 're all buried in the cellar . One night , Jim murdered my sister for a sacrifice . She was only eight years old . He told everybody that she died in an accident . Today brought it all back . Clear , like it happened yesterday . Imagine if what she said is true . Why don 't we just wait and see what her parents have to say . Where 's Shannon ? They told me you were bringing her home . She wanted to remain with friends . And under the circumstances , we thought it best . Circumstances ? Why wouldn 't she want to come home ? Someone ... or something has obviously put these things into her mind . Mrs. Ausbury , perhaps you 'd like a glass of water ? Thank you . Mr. Ausbury ? Mrs. Ausbury , your daughter has not accused you of any involvement in these activities . Do you have any idea why Shannon might have said these things ? Jim and I have been having marriage problems lately . We 're committed to working them out . Maybe we haven 't been paying enough attention to Shannon . She and I don 't we don 't get along . We fight . Have you ever known Shannon to be pregnant ? Of course not . She 's 15 years old ! And how can you possibly believe such ... ? Have you ever had another child ? A girl . Teresa . She died . At eight years old ? Eight weeks . It was crib death . Did you do it ? I would kill ... anyone who did the things to her that she claims . Not a very Christian tenet . Thou God of vengeance , shine forth . Even the Devil can quote scripture to fit his needs . How dare you ? ! Get out of our house ! As far as I know , you put those ideas in my daughter 's head . Now get out . The Devil travels in many forms . And you may be one ! Are you sure you 're up to this , Shannon ? I heard about what you said . I 'll be okay . I don 't want to miss the final . I 'll be in my office if you 're feeling funny . Maybe you ought to remove your jewelry . You wouldn 't want to lose it in some pig 's guts . I 'll hold it until you 're finished . I heard the chair and a crash , and I came running out of the office . Did you see anybody leaving the room ? Did you hear the door open ? I lock the doors after school when I 'm alone . I ... I get afraid . I feel a dark angel is amongst us . It wants a sacrifice . It 's been years since ... since we 've done that . Exactly . Exactly . We haven 't kept our faith . Are any of you ... responsible for my daughter ? We all are . She was sacrificed for us . It 's a portent . Shannon 's death allows us to get rid of the police , the FBI . It can all be blamed on her . Jim ... you tell them she had a thing for Jerry Stevens . She killed him out of jealousy . She cut out his eyes because she couldn 't stand to have him look at another girl , and his heart because she was heartbroken . But when they leave and are gone , we must rekindle our faith rather than lose it . I never imagined she would hurt herself like that . I 'm old-fashioned , Agent Scully . I can 't bring myself to believe that children are capable of such things as they are these days . She wanted me to hold that for her . Excuse me . Her office has a faint odor of incense . She says it 's to block the smell of formaldehyde . It 's also used in black mass rituals . Well , I 've got to admit , there are some oddities to her story . What do you mean , oddities ? Well , the man she replaced has taken two sick days in a 15-year career . The morning of Jerry Stevens ' murder , Mr. Kingery developed necrotizing fasciitis . Flesh-eating bacteria ? That 's very rare . I know . And when I questioned the other staff members about Mrs. Paddock 's background , no one can even recall hiring her . Look , I 'm even getting caught up in this . I mean , I 'm sure that Mrs. Paddock 's arrival and the teacher 's sickness is just a coincidence . And the fact that no one can recall hiring her- - it 's a bureaucratic oversight . I got a feeling this is something we both should get caught up in . I 'm going to get a search warrant for the Ausbury house . I 've been told they 're staying with friends . You check deeper into Mrs. Paddock . My religion ... my family , Agent Mulder , goes back in this town seven generations . They fled persecution from people being persecuted , all in the name of religion . I was raised to believe Christianity was synonymous with hypocrisy . Man 's natural tendency was " to do what thou whilst , " not " do unto others . " We believe man is nothing but an animal- - no better , no worse than those that walk on four legs . And although I believed our faith kept us powerful in the community- - wealthy , good health- - I ... I came to see hypocrisy in the others . In me . When they told me to blame my dead daughter for Jerry Stevens ' death , my reaction ... I was sick that they would vilify an innocent someone I loved just to protect themselves . And , at that moment , I knew I am better than an animal , that my ... previous beliefs were responsible for her no longer being with us and that it was time to talk to you . Clean . Did you abuse Shannon ? Never sexually . In the rituals . The blood of the young is considered very powerful . We 'd include them in the ceremonies , against their will . They were too young to be trusted not to talk , but we never physically hurt them . We 'd slip over the ancient rituals that we didn 't want to do . Like drinking grape juice instead of wine at communion ? What about Shannon 's memories ? We 'd perform a sort of posthypnotic suggestion that repressed their memories . When they came of age- - 18 , 21- - then they were made aware of the religion and brought into its practice . When she recalled the past events , she must have mixed up reality with ... with that crap that 's on Geraldo and the tabloids . Did the others kill Jerry Stevens ? Shannon ? No . But you are responsible . You knew the possibilities contained in your beliefs , no matter how watered down . Did you really think you could call up the Devil and ask him to behave ? Who are the others ? Yeah ? Mulder , the school . I 'm in trouble . Scully ? I 've got an emergency . I 'm placing you under arrest . I 'll be back for you later . - Scully ? ! - Mulder , what 's wrong ? You called me ; you said you were in trouble . No , I didn 't touch the phone . Ausbury confessed to conspiracy . He 's going to give up the names of everybody involved- - parents , teachers . I checked on Mrs. Paddock 's background . I don 't think she 's involved . My God . You think that 's some kind of acid ? There 's no evidence of any reaction with the wood from the acid . There are tracks in the dirt , like from a snake . That 's impossible . It would take a large python hours to consume and weeks to digest a human being . You really do watch The Learning Channel . Scully . Snakeskin . There 's a python in Paddock 's room . Sheriff Oakes called me . Jim Ausbury is dead . He was talking to the FBI . Did they kill him ? You know who killed him . Ausbury was no believer . He had no real faith , no devotion . He was punished for his doubts . We have to act or the same will happen to us , if it 's not already too late . We have to assume Jim told them who we are . If Mulder knows , it will make the offering all the more meaningful . They 're here . Lock the office . My keys . They were in my pocket . Mulder . Mrs. Paddock ? What happened ? I-I came back . They were taking the snake . They- - Mrs. Brown , Mr. Vitaris- - there are things about them I learned . I must tell you , I think they killed that boy . We know about that . Conference room . It 's all there . Paramedics must be tied up by the storm . You just stay there , Mrs. Paddock . We 're going to lock the door . Stay still . We 'll be back . It 'll make the blood easier to clean up . Dominus inferus vobiscum . Et cum tuo . You 're right . It is already too late . Oh , God . Mulder , did you see his expression ? It was as if something else had control of him . Paddock . Mrs. Paddock ? Mulder . I made this !
