 God tests our faith so that we may not take it for granted . I once gave counsel to a little girl . She was very distraught because her older brother had told her that Moses hadn 't really parted the Red Sea . He said that high winds and strong ocean currents had been responsible . In hearing this , the faith of this child had been severely shaken . In order to restore her credence , she had but one question for me . She asked , " Reverend , is there really such a thing as a miracle , " or are the stories in the Bible just make believe ... fairy tales ? " I assured her that , yes , miracles really do happen . Most people today tend to vest themselves in science and cynicism . They expect proof for all that they see , but miracles are wondrous by nature . They need no rationale , no justification . You must witness the miracles of the Lord without question . My blood flows as a test of your faith . Open your souls to the divine possibilities . It is then and only then that you will truly understand the awesome powers of the Almighty Lord ! Yes ? I was impressed with your sermon , Reverend . Well , thank you . I just want to tell you that some of us do believe . I appreciate that . It always does my heart good to know that I 've touched at least one person . Oh , I think you had quite an effect on a lot of people . Me most of all . Oh , my God ! No ! These ligature marks on his neck are consistent with rope or fabric burns , strongly suggesting that he was strangled . But there seems to be an awful lot of blood loss here . His parishioners said that Reverend Finley was bleeding from his hands like the wounds of the crucifixion . Stigmata ? A sign bestowed by God upon the righteous . I don 't see any wounds here on his hands or wrists or otherwise . No . I think this is a case of too much faith . And too much sugar . What are you doing ? It 's fake . Just like the others . Others ? I 've been tracking a series of international religiously-motivated murders . All of the victims have been so-called stigmatics , and all of them have been frauds like the reverend here . According to certain religious lore , at any given time , there are 12 stigmatics in the world , representing the 12 apostles . That 's a claim that 's wholly unsubstantiated . Though there have been many pretenders . 11 of whom have been murdered in the past three years . 11 ? Any clue as to the motivation ? Either we 're dealing with a psychotic religious fanatic who 's hell-bent on exposing these kind of frauds or a less programmatic psycho who harbors a murderous resentment towards the church , or maybe it 's just a very disgruntled altar boy . Well , that narrows down the field . Anyway , it 's safe to say this guy carries a grudge . If I 'm right about one thing , the killer is here , and he 's looking for victim number 12 . All right . Let 's sit down . I trust everyone has studied his or her flash cards for today 's quiz . All right . Let 's settle down . Geek ! Kevin Kryder . I assume , Kevin , that in the last 24 hours , you 've become quite the math wizard . Why don 't you come on up to the board and share with us your gift with numbers . Let 's try some division . You do know the division sign , don 't you , Kevin ? Let 's divide 11 into 170 . Ew , blood ! Oh , my God ! What happened to him ? Thank you for contacting us so quickly . When I read the FBI 's alert , I thought immediately of Kevin . You said on the phone that there had been a previous incident ? Last year ... Kevin arrived at school with bleeding wounds on his hands and feet . Our first concern is always an abusive parent . Was that the case ? Well , it appeared so . Kevin 's father was arrested , and we took the boy as a ward of the court . But the state dropped charges for lack of evidence . The mother sued and won custody . Mr. Kryder was institutionalized soon after . Institutionalized for what ? When he was released from jail , he locked himself and Kevin in the house . Made all the papers . He was waving a gun at the police , saying he had to protect the boy ... that Kevin was chosen by God . Can I talk to you for a minute here ? How 's he doing ? Fine . Hi , Kevin . My name is Dana Scully . Can I talk to you a minute ? Am I going back to the shelter ? We don 't know just yet . Right now , we have to find out what happened . Can you tell me how you got those cuts on your hands ? No . No , you can 't tell me , or no , you don 't know ? You want me to say my dad did it . I don 't want you to say anything that isn 't true . I don 't feel that good . He feels a bit feverish . Did you take his temperature ? No , I didn 't . Open . You 're a very brave boy , Kevin . You have nothing to be afraid of . Where 's Kevin ? Is he all right ? He 's doing just fine . The nurse is just changing his bandages . Oh , my God . I thought this was all over . Mrs. Kryder , my name is Fox Mulder . I 'm with the FBI . The FBI ? - Who called the FBI ? - We 're here because we have reason to believe that Kevin may be in some danger . - In danger from what ? - As strange as it might sound , someone may be targeting people like Kevin . What do you mean " people like Kevin " ? People exhibiting wounds that might be interpreted as having religious significance . What was that ? I don 't know . I didn 't do anything . It just broke ! Kevin 's just a normal kid . He probably just hurt himself out on the playground . I 'm sure there 's an explanation , Mrs. Kryder , but right now , everybody 's primary concern should be for Kevin 's safety . I 'd like to put him back into the shelter until we can sort this out . You don 't think I did this to Kevin ? You think I 'm the one who cut his hands ? We don 't know how he got the cuts , but we 'd like some time to evaluate his case , Mrs. Kryder . I would never hurt my own child , do you hear me ? Now , I have fought a battle over my son before that tore my family apart , and I 'm not going to fight it again . I love my job . Let 's get out of here , Scully . That kid 's hands were definitely cut , Mulder . They 're taking him into custody . We 've warned them about his safety . I don 't know what else we can do . Have you determined how his hands were cut ? No , not yet , but my guess is that the kid did it to himself . Boy has his father taken away , he hurts himself to relieve his dad of guilt and to get him back . Maybe we should talk to his father . He 's in an institution . His father said that he needed to be protected . Maybe he knows from whom . He 's bleeding again , isn 't he ? Yes . How did you know that ? Because the faithful know . Mr. Kryder , the claims you 've made for your son may have put him in danger . Do you know that ? The child was in danger long before I ever made the claims . Since the day he was born , they 've been watching him . " They " ? The forces of darkness . They will come in the form of a powerful and respected man . These forces ... what do they want ? To claim all souls . You must understand , this is the great war between good and evil . Armageddon ? But God will find someone to stop it ... someone who is strong enough to make the sacrifice . He 's chosen you ? I 'm merely a messenger . Let 's go . You must come full circle to find the truth . Excuse me ? Full circle to find the truth ? I don 't know what that means . You will . The two kids are running down this long hallway , but all the doors are locked . There 's nowhere to go . Soon , they 'll both be toast . They can hear his bloody leg dragging on the floor . The mutant is on their trail , hungry for the taste of young meat . What 's it look like ? Yeah , what ? You really want to know ? It looks like the Devil , and he 's bald because all his hair is burned off in hell , and his fingers are like pitchforks with little barbs on the end . So all he has to do is point at you and you can 't get away . With each step , he gets closer . Step ... by step ... by step ... by step . He 's so close now that even the furniture starts to shake . Step ... by step ... by step ... by step . Guys , let 's get out of here ! And what color hair did he have ? Was it brown or blond , black ... ? He was bald . He didn 't have no hair . 'Cause it all burned off in hell . And how tall was he ? Was he about my height ? Taller ? Shorter ? Taller . What , 6 ' 2 " , 6 ' 3 " ? Yeah , maybe even bigger . And he was dressed all in black . All right , all right . What 's going to happen to Kevin ? All right , kids . What happened to Kevin ? Where is he ? Kevin was abducted from this room . Several of the children witnessed it . We 're getting a description of the man who took him . But you were supposed to protect him . You said he would be safe . We 're sorry , Mrs. Kryder . We 're doing everything we can . Scully . Did you get a composite ? Yeah , looks like Kevin was abducted by Homer Simpson 's evil twin . This isn 't the killer , Mulder . I think that 's a safe assumption . No , I mean , it doesn 't match the M.O. None of the previous victims were ever abducted . None of the previous victims were ten-year-old boys . Is this the man that took Kevin ? Yeah , but we 're not sure how accurate that is . It 's Owen . You know this man ? Yeah . It 's Owen Jarvis . When my husband left , we hired him to do yard work . I carved all the animals myself . It 's the ark . Do you like it ? So when are you going to take me home , Owen ? There 's no reason to be afraid . I 'm not going to hurt you . I 've been watching you , Kevin . You 're a very special boy . You know that , don 't you ? I want to go home . You can 't do that . I can 't let you . Why not ? 'Cause it 's not safe ! I 'm your friend , Kevin . You have to trust me . Just think of me as your guardian angel . Shh ! Don 't say a word . Stay here . Don 't move . Federal agent ! Put down your weapon ! Put it down right here . Down , now ! Put it down ! Where 's the boy ? Where 's the boy ? Don 't hurt him ... please . Kevin ? Where 's the boy ? What have you done with Kevin ? He can 't go home ; it 's not safe there . I told him that . Is this Kevin Kryder 's blood ? Yes . Did you hurt him ? No . I 'm not the one that wants to hurt him . If it 's not you , then who is it ? I was only asked to protect the boy . By who ? Who asked you to protect him ? God . That 's quite a long-distance call , isn 't it ? You don 't understand . Unless someone protects Kevin ... It 's the end of the world as we know it , right ? " He who has ears , let him hear ... " " And he that has a tongue , let him speak . " Now tell me where he is ! You believe me , don 't you ? I mean ... you must wear that as a reminder . Mr. Jarvis , my religious convictions are hardly the issue here . But they are . How can you help Kevin if you don 't believe ? Even the killer ... he believes . And townsfolk wonder why I sleep in on Sunday . Mass on Christmas , fish on Friday ... you think that makes you a good Christian ? Just because you don 't understand sacrifice , because you 're unwilling , don 't think for a moment that you set the rules for me . I don 't question his word . Whatever he asks of me ... I 'll do . Sit down , Mr. Jarvis . I just want to go to heaven . Hey ! Don 't ! Mom ? Mom ? Are you home ? Kevin ? Kevin ? I know you 're here , son . Run , Kevin ! Run ! Kevin , what is it ? Upstairs . You 'll be okay . You 'll be okay . Are you the one that was sent to protect me ? Owen Lee Jarvis , adult Caucasian male , 42 years of age . Cause of death is strangulation , consistent with previous victims , as suggested by burn marks around his neck . Except appears to be some kind of a pattern just to the right of his windpipe . Possibly a handprint . Note to the lab to check further . It is now 14 hours after the time of death , but so far , his body hasn 't even begun to break down . Rigor mortis has yet to set in . His core body temperature remains at 98 degrees . His skin color , lividity is healthy . There seems to be some ... Any revelations ? Mulder , would you do me a favor ? Would you smell Mr. Jarvis ? You want me to smell him ? What am I supposed to be smelling ? You don 't detect a faint floral odor ? Mulder , this man 's body is in no way decomposing normally . In catechism , we learned of instances like this ... so called " incorruptibles " whose bodies wouldn 't decay and who emitted a smell of flowers . You 're serious ? Saint Cecilia , Saint Francis ... And now you 're suggesting that this is Saint Owen ? I don 't know . Scully , those stories you 're referring to are mostly regarded as hagiographic fabrications , not historical truths , just like the occurrence of the stigmata . What do you think this is ? This man ? He was rather abnormal in life . Maybe he 's decomposing abnormally . Well , isn 't a saint or a holy person just another term for someone who 's abnormal ? Do you really believe that ? I ... believe in the idea that God 's hand can be witnessed . I believe he can create miracles , yes . Even if science can explain them ? Maybe that 's just what faith is . Well , I wouldn 't let faith overwhelm your judgment here . These people are simply fanatics behaving fanatically , using religion as a justification . They give bona fide paranoiacs like myself a bad name . They 're no more divine or holy than that ketchup we saw on the murdered preacher . I think once you 've finished your autopsy , you 'll come to the same conclusion . Saint Owen . Got your message . What did you turn up ? - It 's what you turned up . - What ? Those burn marks and impressions on Jarvis 's neck ? They pulled a pair of prints . Take a look at this . A partial index and a full oblique burned right onto the skin . Any evidence as to how the killer managed to do that ? No , not yet , but I cross-checked the prints in the NCIC database . They belong to a businessman named Simon Gates . He 's the CEO of a company based in Atlanta . He 's one of the wealthiest men in the South . A powerful and respected man . He was arrested three years ago on a DUI . Left a young boy paralyzed . He received a suspended sentence and then he left the country , went to Israel . Israel . Have you heard of Jerusalem syndrome ? Yeah , it 's when people who visit the Holy Land suffer religious delusions induced by the journey . Yeah , they return home convinced they 're the Messiah , Moses , the Virgin Mary , even the Devil himself . Well , if that 's what Simon Gates believes , he 's just as delusional as Michael Kryder , only a lot more dangerous . Yeah , but it still doesn 't explain how he was able to burn his fingerprints into Owen Jarvis 's flesh . Mulder . What ? Well , how is that possible ? It 's Kevin , isn 't it ? H-Hold on . Yeah , a social worker took Kevin out to lunch at 1 : 00 , supposedly , but witnesses claim they saw him outside the facility with his mother at the exact same time . Kevin ! Lay off the horn . Damn . Looks like you 're having a little trouble . Can I give you a hand ? Oh , no , it 's fine . It does this all the time . I just have to wait for it to cool down . At least let me take the cap off for you . That should get things started . No . I 'm fine . Really ? It 's no trouble at all . In the old days , people used to stop to help . Now they just drive on by . People also used to say thank you . What do you want ? I think you know . Hey , mister ! Kevin ! Run ! No ! Hey , Mom ! Get up ! Please , Mom ! Come on ! Mom ? Mom , are you okay ? Come on , Mom ! Don 't fall asleep ! Come on , Mom ! Wake up ! Come on ! They said they 're almost through . She died because of me . It was an accident , Kevin . Your mother was only trying to protect you . Why does he want to hurt me ? I don 't know . But I won 't let him hurt you . I promise . It 's because I 'm different , isn 't it ? Why can 't I just be like everybody else ? How are you different , Kevin ? Kevin ? I just am . Agent Mulder and I are going to take you back to the shelter . There 'll be a doctor to take a look at you there . Do I have to go back there ? No . No , you don 't . Why don 't you duck back inside . Is he ready to go ? I want to keep him with us , Mulder , until Gates is apprehended . Look , I know about getting personally involved , and I 'm not . Did he I.D. Gates ? Yes . That will help . A man fitting Gates 's description rented a car under the name Forau . That 's one of the Devil 's disciples . I 'll wait right outside . You never draw my bath . Kevin has a cut under his ribs . He was in an accident . No . I was with the paramedics when they were looking at him . It wasn 't there . Maybe you missed it . No , Mulder . I was paying close attention . What do you think it is ? Yesterday , I saw Kevin 's hands . They were bleeding from identical wounds on the top as on the bottom , just like in the crucifixion . Scully ... There have been other signs . I haven 't said anything until now because I haven 't been sure ... and I 'm still not sure . Sure of what , exactly ? How Kevin was able to be in two places at once , just like Saint Ignatius was able to do in the Bible . That was in the Bible ; that 's a parable . It 's a metaphor for the truth , not the truth itself . Why didn 't Kevin conveniently bilocate when Owen Jarvis abducted him from the shelter ? How is it that you 're able to go out on a limb whenever you see a light in the sky , but you 're unwilling to accept the possibility of a miracle , even when it 's right in front of you ? I wait for a miracle every day , but what I 've seen here has only tested my patience , not my faith . Well , what about what I 've seen ? Kevin ? You okay ? I didn 't lock it . I 'll call the police . They put up a cordon in a ten-mile radius . No sign of him . Best I could figure is they must have had an acetylene torch in the back of the truck . I don 't know how else they could have done it . I wasn 't out of that room for more than two minutes , Mulder . Come on , there 's someone I want to talk to again . Who ? Kevin 's father . Why ? He knew that Kevin was in danger . He warned us about a powerful and respected man . The man 's a nutcase , Scully . - Maybe he is . - But Kevin is in immediate danger . Even if Kevin 's father has anything to say about Gates , it doesn 't help us right now . Well , it 's not doing us a lot of good standing around here . So this is the man who took my son . You 've never seen him before . No . Why would anyone want to hurt Kevin ? What does he want ? You really don 't know . I-I 'm sorry . I 'm just a little foggy right now . Scully ? Haloperidol . Ativan . They 've been giving him tranquilizers . They 've increased his dosage . Mr. Kryder , you said something before about coming full circle to find the truth . What does it mean ? Full circle to find the truth . I don 't know . I just can 't remember . Scully . They had a sighting of Gates . He tried to rent another car at the airport under the name Forau again . Did you hear what I said ? Mulder , look . Arrows that form a circle . Full circle to find the truth . Gates 's company owns a recycling plant near here . That 's where he 's taken Kevin . Scully , the man is at the airport . If he hasn 't already killed Kevin , he 's trying to get as far away as he can . I don 't think so , Mulder . You think it 's you , don 't you ? You think you 're the one who 's been chosen to protect Kevin . I don 't know . Look , if I 'm wrong , I 'll meet you out at the airport , okay ? The sun will be turned into darkness , and the moon will turn to blood ... because of you , son . Is that why you want to hurt me ? It 's not a question of wanting . You have to die , Kevin ... for everyone . For the new age to come . You understand that , don 't you ? The others were all false prophets . You are the only true one among the 12 . Stop ! Federal agent ! I 'm armed ! Let him go ! Let him go , and we 'll talk about it . There 's nothing to talk about ! I was called upon ! Let me go ! Let me go ! Let me go ! No ! Kevin . Hold on . I knew you 'd come . You all set ? Thanks . Maybe I 'll see you again sometime . You will . - You all ready , Kevin ? - Yeah . You okay ? Yeah , I think so . We got a couple hours before our flight . I told the sheriff we 'd go down and make a formal statement about Gates 's death . I 'd appreciate it if you 'd handle that alone , Mulder . I have an errand I need to run . Okay . I 'll see you at the airport . Bless me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been ... six years since my last confession . And since then , I 've drifted away from the Church . I 'm not sure why exactly . Have you come to confess ? No . Um ... There 's a man that I work with ... a friend . And usually I 'm able to discuss these things with him . But not this . Father , do you believe in miracles ? Of course . I see them every day . The rising sun , the birth of a child . No , I 'm talking about events that defy explanation . Things that I believe helped me to save a young boy 's life . But now I wonder if I saw them at all ... if I didn 't just imagine them . Why do you doubt yourself ? Because my partner didn 't see them . He didn 't ... he didn 't believe them . And usually he ... he believes without question . Maybe they weren 't meant for him to see . Maybe they were only meant for you . Is that possible ? With the Lord , anything is possible . Perhaps you saw these things because you needed to . To find my way back ? Sometimes we must come full circle to find the truth . Why does that surprise you ? Mostly it just makes me afraid . Afraid ? Afraid that God is speaking but that no one 's listening . I made this !
