 It begins where it ends . In nothingness . A nightmare born from deepest fears coming to me unguarded . Whispering images unlocked from time and distance . The soul unbound , touched by others but never held . on a course charted by some unseen hand . The journey ahead promising no more than my past reﬂected back upon me , until at last I reach the end . Facing a truth I can no longer deny . Alone as ever . Excuse me . I 'm looking for the special-needs ward . Second door in the main hall . Thanks . Emily , I 'd like you to meet a friend of mine . His name is Mulder . Remember I told you about him ? Hi . She 's a little shy . What are you colouring ? A potato . Have you ever seen Mr Potato Head ? He looks like this . Doesn 't he ? I 'll be right back . OK ? Thank you for coming . Something 's wrong , isn 't it ? I found Emily 's surrogate mother . I had Frohike hack into the California Social Services adoption database . You got a name ? Her mother of record is one Anna Fugazzi . - Fugazzi . - Yeah , as in slang term for " take " . I don 't understand . Why create a false record ? Because there are no true records . Emily didn 't come into this world through any system that keeps them . Well , how did she come into this world ? Have you asked yourself that ? Well , she was born to someone . She had to belong to someone . Someone who 's proven that they 'll do anything to protect her or their interest in her . - I can protect her too . - Yeah , but who 's gonna protect you ? Emily 's adoptive parents are both dead by no accident . I know . I ... I 've considered that , but I 've also considered that there 's only one right thing to do . Emily . Why didn 't you call me sooner ? Because I couldn 't believe it . But I need you now to be a witness on my behalf in this hearing . And I should have declined ... if I never want to see you hurt or harmed in any way . Then why are you here ? Because I know something that I haven 't said , Something that they 'll use against you to jeopardize your custody of Emily . No matter how much you love this little girl , she 's a miracle that was never meant to be . They 're ready for you . Agent Mulder , help me out here . Does FBI stand for " Federal Bureau of Imagination " ? Am Ito understand that your partner , with a dozen women in Allentown , Pennsylvania , was abducted by employees of our federal government ? She was missing for four weeks . That 's documented . And you found evidence that during this time she was subjected to a series of experiments where , you say , they extracted her ova ? - Yes . All of them . - Can that be done ? I believe it can , and was , and that Emily Sim was conceived as a result of the experiments . - And that can be done as well ? - I don 't know how else to explain it . A medical exam of Ms Scully would show that she hasn 't given birth . You know , under normal circumstances this petition would be fairly simple . But I 'm having a hard time wrapping my brain around this ... Michael Crichton bit . I included this information in anticipation of your reaction and how it might look if you received this without explanation . Can you give me an explanation ? Why anyone would kidnap Ms Scully to conceive this child , then put it up for adoption ? No , but the fact remains that Ms Scully is the mother of this child . Not in any legal deﬁnition . If you can show me a legal precedent for this case , I 'd like to see it . Dana has known for some time that she can 't bear children . She hasn 't known why . Now , however that happened , that she can adopt this child is something I don 't feel I have the right to question and I don 't believe anybody has the right to stand in the way of . It takes two of us just to get my sister-in-law into bed these days . - When 's she due ? - Two weeks ago . Why didn 't you tell me . Mulder ? I never expected this . I thought I was protecting you . Why would they do this to me ? I only know that genetic experiments were being done . That children were being created . Children being created for who ? For who , for what , I don 't know . Hello ? Hello ? Hello . Is anybody there ? I need a call traced . An incoming call to a residential line , 550-0380 . - Mulder , it 's ... - Don 't hang up . OK , thanks . I got a trace . County Children 's Center . What is it ? - Has anyone been here in the last half-hour ? - No . What 's going on ? - She 's burning up . - I 'll call 911 . Scully ? There 's something on her neck . Oh , my God . OK . Now , that doesn 't hurt . I 'm gonna turn this little thing on . All right . I 'll try back later . I just spoke to the social worker . She hasn 't been able to reach Emily 's doctor . Hi . How is she ? We 've put her on a saline drip to rehydrate her . She 's running a fever of about 102 . - It 's good you got her here . - Do you know what 's causing it ? Some infection , probably related to the cyst on her neck . - Do you know what it is ? - No . I 'll have it biopsied . I 'll get it off to the lab right away . Now , are you two the parents ? - I 'm her mother . - Oh . OK . Well , can you give me any history that might help ? - I know she was being treated for anaemia . - Do you know what type ? I was told it was some kind of autoimmune haemolytic anaemia . - Her treatment is experimental . - Who 's her doctor ? - His name is Calderon . - I don 't know him . Emily , I 'm gonna roll you onto your side , sweetie . Wait ! Wait , wait , wait ! Stop ! Stop ! Move away from her ! Move away from her ! Get away ! - Sir , I need to get in there . - Get away from her ! Get away ! - Don 't go in there . - I have to get in the room ! Is she still sleeping ? They have her on a mild sedative . The ER doctor is in and out of consciousness . How did you know ? If Emily is someone 's creation , it occurred to me that she might share the same body chemistry we 've seen before . So I had them put the ER doctor in a cooling bath like you did when I was exposed to this . So what now ? I mean , she 's still just a little girl . You say that I can 't protect her , but I can 't let this be her life . Just a few days ago she was fine . She was also being treated . I just need some advice . With everything that 's happening here , I 'm a little at sea . This Dr Calderon you say is her physician . He 's refusing to transfer her medical records . He can 't do that . - He 's endangering her life . - He said Emily was in his care , and if you 're stopping that , you 're endangering her . It 's an ethical violation . He says she was in a double-blind medical trial and that he 's spoken to you about it . He also says you have no authority over this child . Authority or not , I 'm not leaving her side . It 's beyond me . I 'm afraid . Yeah , but it 's not beyond Dr Calderon . I 'd like to say right up front that I know Emily Sim personally , as your partner probably told you , and ... my God , I never met a sweeter , more courageous little girl . I 'm so sorry to hear about her downturn . My hope is that these custody issues can be resolved so that she can resume her treatment here . But I can 't release any information about her as relates to our company 's experimental drug trials . - What can I say to convince you ? - It 's not about convincing me . I mean , this is something that ... well , that we simply cannot do . It 's purely a business reality . It has to do with Prangen 's exposure to litigation and our need to protect research , which , frankly , represents a signiﬁcant dollar investment . So , I 'm wasting your time . This is not worth the life of a three-year-old girl . I wouldn 't frame it like that . That 's not it at all . Look , I 'm truly sorry but there 's really nothing I can do . However , I do wish you the very best . OK , then . How are you feeling now ? A little more helpful ? Condescending liar . Help ! Why don 't you tell me what your company is really in business for ? Huh ? Abducting women and stealing their unborn children . Medical rapists . That 's all you are . Now you 're gonna let that little girl die ? She 's just a lab rat to you ! Why don 't you tell me whose life is worth saving , yours or hers ? I want everything to help that little girl ! I 'll be back . We 're ready . Can you give me a minute with her ? Hi . Sweetie , in a minute a nurse is gonna take you to do some tests . Mommy said no more tests . We just want you to get better . That 's what these tests are about . He came to see me . He knows I 'm involved . And now you 've brought him to see us . - What do you want me to tell him ? - Nothing . I hope you know what this is . A neoplastic mass . A tumorous infection . The cyst in the back of Emily 's neck seems to be the point of origin , and from her blood test last night and her sed rate this morning , it also seems to be growing rapidly . - Is it cancer ? - No . Cancer grows out of control . These are anaerobic channels following the path of the central nervous system . They kill the surrounding tissue , depriving it of the oxygen it needs to survive . Its point of origin is proximal to the brain and the central nervous system . It couldn 't be in a worse place . Can you put her on antivirals ? She 's on a Levophed drip to keep her blood pressure up and she 's getting steroids intravenously to bring down inflammation . - We could attempt radiation therapy . - You can 't . Her immune system 's too weak . What can you do ? Has anyone spoken to Dr Calderon about this ? Dr Calderon ? Get Dr Vinet in there and call the police . Dr Vinet to Isolation . Halt ! Dr Calderon ! FBI ! Stop that man ! Yeah . - Where are you ? - I 'm following Dr Calderon . What do you mean ? I just saw him . There was a scare here . Where ? He was here . He came into Emily 's room . It appears he injected her with something . Is she all right ? Seems to be , but we 're running a tax screen . Whatever it was , I don 't think he meant to harm her . - What are you talking about ? - I think he went there to try to treat her . Why would he endanger her before , only to protect her now ? As a bluff . I don 't think they want her dead either , for different reasons . Look , I 'm gonna catch up with you , all right ? - Detective . - Happy New Year . - Thanks for coming down . - I 'm posting two cops outside her room . That may not be necessary . What if this guy Calderon is thinking about coming back ? There seems to be some indication that he came here to help her . I don 't understand . You said he was connected to the death of Emily 's parents . Because Emily 's mother wanted to stop the tests , just like I did . And I guess that 's why he came here . As much as they will do anything to remove what gets in their way , it seems that they need Emily to continue the tests . Hello . Anna Fugazzi ? Yes . Your name is Anna Fugazzi ? Yes . Are you the new doctor ? No , I 'm not . Is that your real name ? Yes , for the last 71 years . Were you looking for me ? Not until now . I don 't understand . Just an hour ago you said that she was getting better . That 's right . Her fever 's down . Her vital signs are nearly back to normal . But these latest MRIs are telling me that this growth has continued to spread . In her arms I 'm now seeing what looks like a necrotising of the tissue . It 's killing her . Whatever it is , it may have already been present in some amount . Basically , it 's shut down her body while it continues to grow . We should be thankful she 's not in any pain . I presented all this information to the court . And I have to tell you there is great concern that you are making decisions for this child . They 're having no small effect on her health . Ms Chambliss , I am a medical doctor , and the decisions that I make are reasonable and right . But I have it in this report that Dr Calderon 's treatment has resulted in a turnaround . No , that 's not true . The injection that Dr Calderon gave her is actually making her worse . Ms Scully , I want to say something to you , and I don 't want you to take this the wrong way . But I don 't think that you are capable right now of responding with any clinical ability . Do you think I don 't want what 's best for this child ? Do you think I 'm not trying to save her life ? I 'm saying that I 'm getting wildly differing reports . I have a job to do . I 'm not the ultimate authority here . But you don 't have the authority either over this child or her future . You can get a court order and you can try and enforce it . But I suggest that if your job is to do what 's best for this child , you do all you can to tell the authorities that if they take Emily out of this hospital , they are going to hasten her illness . And I will make it known that all of you are responsible . What do you want me to tell them you 're doing for her ? I don 't know yet . But I will . Christina Sherman delivered a healthy baby girl , September 25th , 1994 . Gretchen Miller . Delivered a baby boy , March 18th , 7996 . Evelyn Burmeister . Evelyn Burmeister . Delivered a baby boy , June 2151,1994 . That makes eight for eight . - Are you in adoption services ? - No , I 'm at the maternity ward . Any fetching young mothers in there ? Yeah , you might have a shot here . Know anything about pharmaceuticals ? Medicinal or , uh ... recreational ? There 's two prescriptions that all these women have in common . Abbreviated : PMZ 200 and Durtab . - Oestrogen and progesterone . - Hormones . But that doesn 't make any sense . Pregnant women have those in abundance . You wouldn 't give those to them . You would these . Anna ? There 's a doctor that comes and visits you . A Dr Calderon ? - Yes . Do you know where he is ? - No . Actually , I 'm looking for him . He 's supposed to be here . I was going to start my beauty sleep . Your beauty sleep . What is that ? He said it 's taken years off my appearance . You OK in there , Emily ? Good . I 'm gonna be right here the whole time . OK ? so you let me know if your ears start to hurt . You OK , sweetie ? Turn it off . - Turn it off now ! - I 'm doing it , ma 'am . It 's OK , sweetie . We 're gonna get you out of there as fast as we can . Flinch and you 're dead . Hands where I can see ' em . What have you got there ? Just give it to me slowly . Up against the wall . - Spread your legs . - Who are you ? Detective Kresge , San Diego PD . Detective Kresge , I 'm Special Agent Mulder with the FBI . Take that gun off me and put it on that man . Run . Get out of here . Don 't use your gun . Get out of here ! I said stop right there . - Kresge ! - I said stop right there ! Don 't ﬁre , Kresge ! I 'm an FBI agent . I have an emergency situation . I need an ambulance and backup . I don 't know where I am . - Mulder ! I got him inside . - Do you have your weapon ? - He 's on the ﬂoor , cuffed . - I got backup coming . - They need a location , though . - I 'll take care of it . Just watch the guy . Detective Kresge will radio in the location . She 's gone into a coma . I 'm OK , Mulder . It 's what 's meant to be . But if you could treat her ? I wouldn 't . I wouldn 't do it to her . Are you sure ? Mulder , whoever brought this child into this world ... didn 't intend to love her . I think she was ... she was born to serve an agenda . I have a chance to stop that . You were right . This child was not meant to be . I 'll stay with you . I think I 'd like to be alone . Are you ready ? I think I 'll get a ride back with Mulder . Bye-bye , Matthew . We 'll see you at home , OK ? Who is the man who would create a life whose only hope is to die ? I don 't know . But that you found her ... and you had a chance to love her , ... maybe she was meant for that too . She found me . So you could save her . - How 's Detective Kresge ? - He 's doing better . He 's out of the ICU . And the men who did this to him ? They already cleaned up the nursing home . All the women have been placed in new homes . There 's no evidence that anyone else at Prangen knew of Calderon 's work . There is evidence of what they did .
