 That many of you here tonight came home not to a hero 's welcome but to the hostility of the American people is a shameful fact of history . One that I will never understand or forgive . But it also underscores our sacred duty , notjust today but forever , to honor those who served with honor , and to remember those who fell . Men and women whose ultimate sacrifice must never be forgotten . There is probably no audience that understands better that our freedom is not free . All right , you 're my eyes out there . Talk to me . Positions report . - Sector three clear . - No sign of him in four . Sector six , report . Mulder ? - He 's here . I feel him . - Then where is he ? Hold on . I think I have him in section four . Can you confirm that , Scully ? Positive . He 's heading towards you , three . Positions hold . Three and four , do you have eye contact ? I have him in three . He 's coming towards you , Scully . Don 't take your eyes off him , Scully . Mulder , he saw me . - He 's heading towards the sound booth . - I 'm cutting him off . Talk to me , people . Does anybody have him ? What 's happening , Scully ? I 'm closing on him . - Do you have him in three ? - Negative . Scully ? - Scully . - I lost him . You got him , three ? I don 't see him , Scully . What 's happening ? - I can 't see him anywhere . - He must be headed your way . - You got him , Mulder ? - Not yet . I got him . I lost him . Mulder , he 's right in front of you . - He 's got a gun . - General , get off the stage . I can 't see him . I can 't see him . Good morning , sir . All right . Let 's go . Who the hell are you ? How did you get in here ? What the hell are you ... ? Lieutenant General ? Sir ? Lieutenant General Peter MacDougal was shot dead at 0600 this morning . Forensics reports the wound was not self-inflicted . The weapon hasn 't been recovered . The driver , Private First Class Gus Burkholder , is currently being held on suspicion of murder . Tests confirm the private did not do the shooting . There is suspicion of an accomplice , based on one piece of evidence , a so-called death card used by soldiers in Vietnam to mark their kills . And by Burkholder 's possible ties to a paramilitary group called the Right Hand , whose stated aim is violent revolution . We have a high probability of opportunity for a group like this . A unique situation that could result in the very public loss of lives . Dozens of officials are in Washington today for a rededication of the Vietnam Veterans War Memorial . Unless we can determine a motive , we will consider any one of them to be a target . What if Burkholder is telling the truth , that he 's innocent ? Until we find another suspect , we will pursue the Right Hand and their leader , ex-Marine Denny Markham , in a preemptive strategy to put a stop to any other plans they 've made . You have Markham 's file in front of you . For obvious reasons , we 're keeping this from the media . If you encounter any resistance , do not engage . Surveil and call for backup . Agent Chandler has your assignments . We have less than 12 hours to prevent any further execution or loss of life . Understood ? Beckwith and Fontana , you 'll go to Virginia Beach . Jackson and Miller , go to Alexandria . Was that for the benefit of the general , or have you developed a real strategy ? I 'm flyin ' by the seat of my pants . You mean there 's no procedure outlined for an invisible assassin ? - Did you talk to Burkholder ? - I convinced him to take a polygraph test . - And ? - He passed . The nature of his claims suggest a false positive . The tester admitted that the results are highly interpretive . You heard his story ? I found his story compelling . But then I believe the Warren Commission . If I have to devise a strategy around that story , there is no strategy . Somebody killed the general . Somebody is not telling the truth . The man who heads the Right Hand . Do you have a warrant for him ? - Yes , why ? - Let Mulder and I serve it . One misstep , Markham smells a shakedown , he 's gonna disappear and find another way to push the button . And I 've already seen more dead soldiers than I ever wanna see . Mr Markham ? - Who is it ? - Agents Mulder and Scully with the FBI . - What do you want ? - It 's extremely urgent that we talk to you , sir . - Mr Markham ? - Gate 's unlocked . You wanted to see me about ... ? - The murder of General Peter MacDougal . - Am I under suspicion ? No , but your group is , and Private First Class Gus Burkholder . - Is that a name I should know ? - He 's on the mailing list for the Right Hand . 2,000 names on that list . I can 't keep track of every one . - We 'd like to go over that list with you , sir . - No way you 'll be getting that from me . - We have a copy , if you come with us . - I 'm not going anywhere . We have a warrant for your arrest if you don 't cooperate . Under the new antiterrorism law , we can and will hold you until we get the information . There goes the neighborhood . You can make this as easy or as hard as you wish , sir . The Right Hand believes in empowering the individual over a corrupt and corrupting federal government . We 're prepared for the time when armed resistance will be necessary . Lives will have to be sacrificed . But that day has not yet come . - Would you take a polygraph , Mr Markham ? - My word 's good enough . What 's your \ x22word \ x22 on this ? Where 'd that come from ? I 'd like to ask you that . More men are gonna die . This guy 's a one-man threat to national security . I 'll bet he 's got more weapons than most Third World armies . He told me to pull this photo from his file cabinet . - Who 's this ? - He says he killed General MacDougal . Name 's Nathaniel Teager . 26 confirmed solo enemy kills . A veritable killing machine . Left for dead by the government that created him . Left for dead ? He belonged to Green Beret Detachment B-11 , the squad known as the Bloody Sabers . In 1971 , the B-11 was being transported when their chopper was shot down . No survivors . - When was this photo taken ? - December 1995 . Just after the Right Hand liberated him from a POW camp outside the U Minh forest . I 'm sure you 're aware that in 1973 the Defense Department determined there were no more POWs in Vietnam . Maybe that 's why they tried to kidnap Sergeant Teager when we brought him home . The government kidnapped a US prisoner of war ? I said they tried . Had their commandos board our plane in San Diego . When they broke into the cargo hold where we hid him , he was already gone . I never did figure out how . I think I 've heard enough . - You don 't believe him , do you ? - But what if he 's telling the truth ? A phantom POW left for dead comes back to avenge the injustices ? - Maybe the war ain 't over . - Maybe not Denny Markham 's war . Given the facts of the case and the polygraph test , it 's the only explanation we 've got . Or it 's a clever story being proffered as a cover-up for an elaborately orchestrated conspiracy . There is that possibility too . Let Markham take the polygraph . - And what if he passes ? - He won 't . Mrs Davenport ? Renee Davenport ? Yes ? Wife of Lance Corporal Gary Davenport of the Special Forces ? Yes . Do I know you ? No , ma 'am . I 've come to act in his behalf for the reason that Gary remains a prisoner of war . - Gary 's dead . - No , ma 'am . May you forgive me as you forgive him , as a man and a soldier , for restoring the honor and memory of the B-11 . Oh , my God . Where did you get these ? Who gave you these ? Hey , where are you ? God ... Where are you ? Where 'd you go ? Is it true she made a positive ID from the photo ? - From a fax of it . Do you have the photo ? - Yeah , and copies to distribute . We 've got it out to local law enforcement , but not to the exclusion of the other suspects . I thought she ID 'd Teager . She did . But I cannot authorize a strategy that targets a soldier who 's officially dead . Because his name is on a wall ? Because I spoke with the army forensics lab where Teager 's remains have been stored since they were recovered from the crash site . They have his remains ? Markham may have staged this , finding somebody vulnerable to pass off his lies . - Why go to all that trouble ? - To create a decoy ? To divert our attention ? Which seems to be working . This woman saw someone . I wanna know who . - Yes , that 's him . - Are you sure ? Everything he said made it sound like Gary was still alive . But that can 't be true , can it ? You say he just disappeared ? That 's what 's so strange . One minute he 's standing right in front of me , and then he 's gone . What if he was telling the truth ? What if Gary is alive ? I 've tried to get on with my life . I 've remarried . What am I supposed to tell my husband now ? What am I supposed to do ? - Your eye . - What ? Oh , my God . What 's happening to me ? I think you just burst a capillary . Scully ? - Can we get Mrs Davenport an eye exam ? - An eye exam ? For what ? The man we 're looking for , the man she saw , has a knack for vanishing in plain sight . She has a subconjunctival hemorrhage , probably brought on by her emotional state . And how did she reach that emotional state ? - What about you ? What are you gonna do ? - I 'm gonna see if we 're chasing a dead man . - Agent Mulder ? - Yes . Dr Benjamin Keyser . I think I located what you 're looking for . It 's a miracle I found it . The record had been partially destroyed . Two bicuspids and a molar . This is all that was left at the crash site ? I 've seen findings made with far less . These are Sergeant Teager 's teeth . I checked them with his dental records . - Can you tell how the teeth were extracted ? - Well , I would assume they were pulled . On each of these teeth , there 's a pronounced scoring in the enamel . Here , see for yourself . - Can you tell if that was pre - or postmortem ? - No , not really . Then this is presumptive . A finding of death based on inconclusive evidence . It was noted here , even underlined . \ x22Inconclusive . \ x22 Whoever signed off this death chose to ignore the facts , huh ? I couldn 't tell you who that was . These records were partially destroyed . Is there any other way to tell ? Based on the records and the reports filed at the same time , we could make a pretty good guess . Yes ? Yes , just a moment . It 's for you , sir . Hello ? General Steffan , this is Special Agent Fox Mulder with the FBI . We have reason to believe your life may be in danger . What are you talking about ? The person responsible for the murder of General MacDougal may have chosen to target you . Based on what information ? A death certificate you may have put your signature on . The death certificate for Sergeant Nathaniel Teager . I don 't know about that , but I 'm on my way to the Pentagon right now . Sir , I have to ask you to trust my risk assessment and take every caution . Right . Do you know your driver , sir ? Yes . He drives me all the time . I 'm gonna put two FBI agents there to escort you just as a precaution . They have my mobile phone number , OK ? How many of you know what a pentagon is ? A pentagon is a shape with five sides . And the Pentagon is just that . We 're standing right now in section A. Built in 1941 through an act of Congress , the Pentagon is virtually a city in itself . - General , sir . - Good afternoon . - All clear , General . - Thank you , gentlemen . That 'll be all . - Mulder . - I 'm at the Georgetown Medical Center . Did you find out what made her eye bleed ? No , but the ophthalmologist discovered something called a transient scotoma . - Scotoma ? - A floating blind spot . - What would cause that ? - Any number of diseases can scar the retina . Diabetes , glaucoma , macular degeneration . In turn they create a visual field deficit . - Does she have any of those diseases ? - It doesn 't appear so . Don 't you think it 's odd she 'd have a blind spot she wouldn 't have noticed ? Not necessarily . The processes of the brain fill in , and the visual cortex compensates conceptually . - That might account for Teager 's vanishing . - I asked the doctor that . He laughed at me . Hold on , Scully . - It 's Mulder . - Agent Mulder , this is General Steffan . I found something on my desk . Something very troubling . - Where are you ? - In my office . The agents I assigned to you - are they with you ? No . They 're just outside . Call them into your office now , General . Who put this here ? Listen carefully . I 'm on my way there . General Steffan ? General Steffan ? Call an ambulance . The general 's secretary was in here no more than 15 minutes before the general was shot . He never saw this card and he never saw anyone go in , aside from the general and his agents . From my cursory exam , nothing can explain your narrative . I was on the phone with him . He was shot in the forehead . He would 've seen the shooter . Not necessarily . He could 've turned and been surprised . There 's too little evidence yet to know . No scotoma ? It 's beyond my capabilities to make that analysis . But somebody 's got to explain how a four-star general could be killed in the best-guarded military base in the country . Sir ? I need both of you out here to see something . Now . That 's him . That 's Teager . I wanna know how the hell this happened . Neither of us has a clear explanation , sir . You knew the general was in danger . I did everything I could . - This man is killing at will . - That 's correct , sir . - He 's unstoppable ? - I think Teager has an ability . The ability to erase himself from the visual field . If he 's invisible , then why is he on this video clear as day ? I think he can hide himself by manipulating what Scully refers to as a blind spot . That is conjecture , sir . - Even when looking at him ? - You might not be able to see him . US soldiers reported the unexplained appearance and disappearance of VC guerrillas . I 've read the dispatches myself . Maybe Teager learned something from his captors in 25 years of isolation . We 've got four miles of streets where 31 officers are staging for a parade into Freedom Square . If what you 're saying is true , I can 't protect these men . Call it off . Parade or no parade , the only way to stop this killer is to catch him . How ? By finding his next victim before he does . I am Major General Benjamin Bloch . He did it again , didn 't he ? I told them he would . According to the FBI , you know the man they 're looking for . Maybe you can tell me why they can 't find him . The same reason you can 't . Which I imagine is the same reason you 're here right now . I am here because people are dying . Soldiers who dedicated their lives to the defense of this country . I guess that 's one way of lookin ' at it . As it stands , you are facing charges of conspiracy to commit homicide and treason . If both those fall through , there is still enough evidence to convict you for possession and transport of illegal arms . Are you threatening me ? No . I am offering you a deal , for you and the people you represent . If you think I 've got any sway with Teager , you 're mistaken . I just need to know what he wants . You know what he wants , and we both know you can 't give it to him . Not without dragging that nice , clean uniform of yours through the mud . Whatever you do to me won 't change his mind , General . He 's sending a message , and makin ' damn sure everyone hears it loud and clear . Band . Band . Time . You told me you were in a rush . Crosstown traffic 's snarled up because of the parade . You need information on prisoners of war . - A man named Teager . - I have no information on him . - Then why did you come here ? - Tell me what you know . A POW named Teager may be carrying out death sentences against the men that left him in Vietnam . - Who are those men ? - Generals . Steffan and MacDougal . - They have a connection . - What is that ? A recent news story extremely embarrassing to the US military about the disposing of South Vietnamese soldiers . Men employed by our government as spies and then left behind enemy lines to certain death . Their lives were erased from the records . By a secret three-man commission who may now be facing charges . Whose testimonies might be used in the calculation of reparations . Are you saying that our government wants these officers dead ? - Why would they ask us to protect them ? - Because they know you can 't . Well , who 's the third man ? I need a name . - General Bloch . - General , sir . Stop the car . What 's going on here ? Get out of the car , sir , for your own safety . - Why ? - Your life might be in danger . From who ? Shooter . Get down . - Where ? Where is he ? - He was there . I saw him . I ... It was him , sir . It was the man in the photo . Are you sure ? I saw him , sir . It was him . Are you sure ? Hup . Mount . Call when you find out . Scully , I heard what happened . You saved General Bloch 's life . He 's doing all right . He 's over there . - You saw somebody on the parade route ? - I 'm not really sure . - You saw him , didn 't you ? You saw Teager . - I told you I 'm not sure . But you drew your gun . You must have been convinced . How are you so convinced that Bloch was his next target ? I found out about Bloch from the person who told me we were never meant to save Bloch 's life . - What ? - This case . Why has it been dumped on you ? Is heading up an antiterrorism detail part of yourjob ? - That doesn 't prove he was set up . - They knew Teager would be unstoppable . - They wanted Skinner to fail ? - And us . They knew you 'd bring us in . The government is not about to sacrifice the lives of military officers just to discredit us . - Discrediting us is only secondary . - Secondary to what ? Maintaining their policy of denial about POWs , and silencing the men who made that policy . Markham 's story is having its intended effect . You 're buying into the lie . Markham may be the only man in this case who 's telling the truth . - If you don 't believe me , ask General Bloch . - Ask me what ? I can 't wait here . I 'm delivering the keynote address in five minutes . You might reconsider . He won 't reconsider . Not going out would be an admission of guilt . We still have reason to believe your life is in danger . It 's yourjob to protect me still , isn 't it ? - That 's what we 're trying to do . - Then do yourjob . General ... All right , people , listen up , because we don 't have much time . You all know your responsibilities . You have your sectors and your assignments . It gives me great pleasure to introduce a very special man . Wounded and decorated for gallantry in Vietnam , he had an idea . Teager ? To create a national memorial ... Hey , man , is that you ? .. for all Americans who gave their lives in the Vietnam War . Hey , where ya goin ' ? Hey , where ya goin ' ? The founder of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund , Mr Jan Scruggs . - Teager ? - Welcome , ladies and gentlemen . We are here to rededicate this memorial on this important day . We especially remember those who cannot share this day with us . - The soldiers , the airmen , the sailors . - Hey , Teager . It 's me - Leo Danzinger . I saw you , man . Where are ya ? Behind you . I ... I thought you were dead . That 's what they told us . That 's what they wanted you to believe . - I don 't understand . - You will . After tonight . What are you talkin ' about ? I waited for them , Leo . I waited for them to come . But they never came . - Maybe they didn 't know . - They knew . They just figured letting me die off was easier than admitting the truth . It 's all over , Teager . It 's been over for a long time now . Not for me . Not for the others . You 're tellin ' me there 's more ? What are you doin ' , man ? Where are ya ? It is an honor to present to you now another great American and a brother in arms , Major General Benjamin Bloch . Admiral Leitch , Senator Baine , fellow Americans , and , especially , the veterans . There is probably no audience that understands better that our freedom is not free . You 're my eyes out there . Positions report . We owe that freedom to the selfless sacrifice ... - Sector three clear . - No sign of him in four . And it is our duty to remember them . Hold on . I think I have him in section four . Can you confirm that , Scully ? Positive . He 's heading towards you , three . Positions hold . Three and four , do you have eye contact ? I have him in three . He 's coming towards you , Scully . Don 't take your eyes off him , Scully . Mulder , he saw me . - He 's heading towards the sound booth . - I 'm cutting him off . Talk to me , people . Does anybody have him ? What 's happening , Scully ? I 'm closing on him . - Do you have him in three ? - Negative . Scully ? - Scully . - I lost him . You got him , three ? I don 't see him , Scully . What 's happening ? - I can 't see him anywhere . - He must be headed your way . - You got him , Mulder ? - Not yet . I got him . I lost him . Mulder , he 's right in front of you . - He 's got a gun . - General , get off the stage . I can 't see him . Teager 's here . I saw him . He 's gone . He 's gone . No cause for alarm , ladies and gentlemen . Just a minor disturbance . - Where 's Bloch ? - With Skinner . - We gotta stop him . - What 's going on ? He can only hide himself in somebody 's direct line of sight . That 's why he killed MacDougal and Steffan at close quarters . Get away from the car . Teager 's in the car . Get down . Get down . Get out of the car with your hands in the air . It 's over , Teager . Come on out . Get an ambulance over here . Teager , Nathaniel J. Sergeant , Green Beret Detachment B-11 . Service number 82278 . Date of birth March 7 , 1952 . Sergeant , Green Beret Detachment B-11 . Service number 82278 . March 7 , 1952 . The Pentagon claims that the man who was killed was Thomas Lynch . A vet who 's been in and out of VA psychiatric hospitals for 15 years . A sometime member of the Right Hand . He was on Denny Markham 's mailing list . - Markham made a positive ID . - They must 've gotten to him . Army Forensics claims to have confirmation . You heard him . We both did . It 's happening all over again . They 're covering the lies , to make him invisible . We 've gotta subpoena Markham and Bloch , and petition for the release of Teager 's body . I can 't do that , Agent Mulder . Why not ? This has been turned over to CID . It 's no longer ourjurisdiction . - Don 't let them do this . - Let it go . You did yourjob . So did Nathaniel Teager . You found the man , but now he 's dead . It 's over . Is that what you believe ? Is that what you really believe ? They 're notjust denying this man 's life . They 're denying his death . And with all due respect , sir , he could be you .
