 Fox . - Wake up . Fox . - Samantha ? Shh . They 'll hear you . No ... she 's my child . Shh . No ! No ! That 's my baby ! Get away ! I 'm afraid , Fox . I 'm afraid . Hello ? - Scully . - Mulder , what time is it ? I don 't know . It 's almost 5 : 00 a.m. Is something wrong ? - I think so . - Where are you ? I think I 'm in a motel room in Providence , but ... - Where ? - Rhode Island . What are you doing there ? I don 't know . There 's ... There 's blood all over me . - Are you hurt , Mulder ? - I don 't think so . I don 't think it 's my blood . Mulder ? Mulder ? - Mulder ? - Yeah ? You okay ? I can 't get warm . You 're in shock . Dry yourself off . I 'll get you a blanket . - Do you feel sick ? - Nah . Nauseous or dizzy ? No , but I woke up on the floor with a pounding headache . - Were you here alone ? - I think so . I don 't know . I don 't remember ... anything . Track my finger . - Do you know what day it is ? - Uh ... - No , what day is it ? - It 's Sunday . What 's the last thing that you remember ? I was in my apartment . I talked to you on the phone . - That was Friday . - I 've been here since Friday ? I don 't know , but you packed a bag . There 's a change of clothes in there . Do you feel any pain ? - Did you receive a blow to your head ? - No . No . - Did you take anything , Mulder ? - No . No . - Are you sure you didn 't cut yourself ? - Yeah . Where 's your weapon ? I don 't know . Two rounds have been fired . I don 't remember that . Mulder , I need to get you to a hospital . You have to be examined by a neurologist . You have had a serious cerebral event . It could be a viral infection or the early stages of encephalitis . If there was a crime committed , I need to know what happened . Mulder , the first thing that you need to do is to take care of yourself . Mulder , listen to me . We are going to figure this out , but first we have to determine the cause . You cannot take something like this lightly . If this is an aneurysm , it could drop you in a second . - Are these your keys ? - No . You checked in alone around noon on Saturday . The manager 's got no record of any phone calls made from the room . No visitors . Then how did I get here ? You drove . He 's got a license number of a car registered . - Do you have those keys you found ? - That 's not my car . There 's blood on the steering wheel , Mulder . The car is registered under a David Cassandra . - The address is here in Providence . - Who 's Amy ? That 's what I 'm gonna find out , Mulder , but first I 'm gonna check you out ... because you have no business even walking around here . No . If I 've shot someone , if my weapon 's been used in a crime , I need to know . You are taking a big risk . I feel strongly about this . I know you do , but it 's my risk . - Can I help you ? - Are you Amy ? No , she 's not here right now . - Is this David Cassandra 's house ? - This is David and Amy 's house . - And who are you ? - I 'm the housekeeper . - Who are you ? - We 're with the F.B.I. - Why do you have Amy 's keys ? - possibly . - Is Amy or David reachable ? - They 're out . I don 't know where . That painting behind you ... Do you think I could take a look at it ? Yeah . Who painted this ? Amy . - Mulder , what 's up ? - I know this house . - How ? - I 've seen it before . Does this house have any special meaning to Amy or David ? It 's her favorite subject . It 's the house she grew up in . Actually , it 's all she paints . I 've been to that house . When ? I don 't know , but I 've been there . Do you know anything else about this house ? - It 's out in Chepachet . - Where 's that ? It 's about 20 miles from here on Route 8 . My parents had a summerhouse out there when I was a kid . If you 've been here , Mulder , I don 't think it was recently . The place looks abandoned and completely overgrown . Mulder ? Mulder ? Can you hear me ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ? You 're a little spy . No ! No ! Mulder ? Mulder , can you hear me ? - What happened ? - I don 't know . It just hit me . You fell to your knees and grabbed your head like you were in terrible pain . You were completely no responsive . - Do you remember any of that ? - No . - I remember what I saw . - What do you mean ? I had a very vivid flashback to my childhood , except I was there . - Do you remember anything else ? - No , just that it was very real . Your heart is racing . What do you think it was ? It was some kind of seizure , some kind of acute physiological disturbance . I couldn 't tell if you lost consciousness , but it was definitely some kind of clonic event . Kind of an electrical storm in the brain . Brought on by what ? That 's what a specialist is gonna have to tell you . I feel really good right now . Mulder , you are not really good . I think I 've been here before . - In your childhood ? - Maybe . I don 't think anybody 's lived here in a long time . I 'm gonna check upstairs . Mulder . There 's a gunshot wound to her heart . This must be Amy Cassandra ... and her husband . They 'd like to ask you some questions . I told them about your condition . - You don 't have to speak to them . - You mean not without my attorney ? Mulder , I refuse to believe you had any part in this . I had those people 's blood on my shirt , Scully . I was missing for two days . I have no recollection of my actions . There were two rounds discharged from my gun . I had the keys to this house , the keys to their car . Do the words " Orenthal James Simpson " mean anything to you ? How you feeling , Agent Mulder ? I 'm a little confused . Your partner here says you 're suffering from somekind of a seizure , that you had one right here in the yard . What brought you to this house , Agent Mulder ? I don 't know . - I think I may have come here as a kid . - You think ? My parents had a summerhouse in Quonochontaug , so ... But you don 't know anything about David or Amy Cassandra , the victims ? I don 't ever remember meeting them , no . So you 're saying the first time you saw them ... is when you walked in this house , using their keys and found them on the floor ? That 's what I 'm saying . We got plenty of prints in that house , some with blood on them . We 're gonna run those prints , Agent Mulder . Is that the story you want to stick with ? For now . Would you like to come down to the station and elaborate on that statement ? Agent Mulder 's not going anywhere but to a hospital . Okay ... but we 're all going down there together . Agent Mulder , I 'd like you to ride with us . Mulder , I 'd advise you not to say anything more , not until I take a look at those bodies and the forensics reports . Amy Anne Cassandra , caucasian female . Birth records indicate her age at 62 years . The subject is 165 pounds , 67 inches in height . Preliminary exam indicates cause of death due to a gunshot wound to chest . Powder burns and flashing at the point of entry ... approximately four inches below the clavicle , indicating the shot was delivered at point-blank range . Dorsal beveling of the shoulder blade is visible at the exit wound . The surrounding tissue is jagged and torn . - No other signs of trauma present . - Did you see this ? Yeah , from the scabbing , it looks like a preexisting , - superficial puncture wound . - Do you mind ? - What are you looking for ? - I 'm not sure . Do you have a magnifying glass ? Thanks . I want to make sure that in addition to the autopsy , you also do a craniotomy and a histological examination . - It 's clear what killed these people . - I think it is too , but what I 'm more interested in right now is why they died . What 's that ? Have you jogged your memory , Agent Mulder ? You want to change your story ? No . Why ? Because I have evidence here that contradicts what it is you 've told us . I haven 't really told you anything . You told us you haven 't been to that house since your childhood ... and that you didn 't know Amy or David Cassandra . And you 're telling me that what 's in that bag is evidence that I 'm a liar ? I 'm not saying you 're a liar , Agent Mulder . I would like to believe this memory lapse was real ... and you murdered these two people in some fit of blind insanity . - What 's in the bag ? - It isn 't your gun , which in our preliminary forensics analysis seems to be the murder weapon , judging from the slugs we pulled from the floor and the wall ... and the execution-style point-blank range . - Is any of this coming back to you ? - No . - Can I see what 's in the bag ? - Be my guest . There are two blood types on that shirt , Agent Mulder : one matching Amy Cassandra 's , the other matching David Cassandra 's . Is that your shirt , Agent Mulder ? Yes . Can you explain how blood of two people you claim not to know got on your shirt ? No . What about the prints in the house ? Were they my prints ? You 're not gonna get a confession out of me ... because I can 't answer your questions because I don 't remember . You have the right to remain silent . You give up the right to remain silent , anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law . You have the right to speak with an attorney ... and have an attorney present during questioning . If you so desire and cannot afford one , an attorney will be appointed for you without charge before questioning . Do you understand each of the rights I have explained to you ? Mulder ... I 'm gonna get you out of here . You 're a doctor , not a lawyer , Scully . - Did you make a confession ? - No , only to my own ignorance . Detective , before you go through all that , I need you to consider evidence ... that I think casts doubt on Agent Mulder 's involvement in this crime . - What kind of evidence ? - Medical evidence . The toxicology report on Amy Cassandra indicates ... there was a rapid-acting anesthetic called ketamine in her system . " Ketamine " ? That 's a veterinary drug , isn 't it ? Typically , but when ingested by a person it can cause hallucinations . - So ? - So I went to the hospital ... to go over Agent Mulder 's medical charts and blood work , and there are traces of the same drug in his system . - How would that get there ? - Probably injected . There was a small bruise from an injection on Amy Cassandra 's right hip . I think if you were examined again , we would find a corresponding puncture . - Given by whom ? - I don 't know , but the presence of such a powerful drug ... could explain his memory loss or the blackouts . Given the weight of all the other evidence , I think that 's all it explains . Scully ... you don 't have to do this . Mulder , you have to help me out . There is nothing here that points directly to your guilt . Unless somebody can show me , with absolute certainty , that you were holding the weapon that killed those two people , the rest of the narrative is far too convenient and suspect . The drug in your system already suggests other explanations . That I was partying with a few senior citizens ? You 're jailing an innocent man . Yeah , well , this way he won 't get lost for two days ... and do something else he won 't remember . Shot fired ! I 'm a doctor ! Somebody call the paramedics ! He 's dead . I need to speak with Detective Curtis right now . Did this officer have a history of depression or mental illness ? He 'd been remanded from his beat assignment to a desk job a year ago . His former partner had complained on a number of occasions ... about his tendency toward extreme irritability ... and confabulation of the truth . - How do you mean ? - The man we 're talking about ... had become something of a joke on the force . One of those guys who believes in ... extraterrestrials , stuff like that . Do you see these photos ? Yeah . - Does this mean anything to you ? - Should it ? I think it speaks to a pronounced mental illness . The compulsive and repetitive act ... of removing his own image from these photos leads me to believe ... that he not only believed these stories , but he was traumatized by them . You told me this was gonna help explain something about your partner 's crime . What 's that ? Amy Cassandra . Both your officer and Amy Cassandra ... had identical puncture wounds at the top of the frontal lobe . In her autopsy , Amy Cassandra 's was a deep puncture ... through the cranium to the dura mater . - My officer had the same thing ? - Yes . I think your officer knew of Amy Cassandra , and somehow his suicide is linked to her death , which leads me to believe that what we 're dealing with here is not murder . It 's something else . It 's possibly even a suicide pact . You 're gonna have to prove that to me . Not Samantha ! No , not my baby ! Guard ! Guard ! I need to talk to someone ! Guard ! According to the corrections officer , Agent Mulder kept everybody awake last night . He 's demanding to talk to you . He finally shut up about an hour ago . Did he say about what ? I think your partner 's memories are coming back to him . I need to talk to him alone if you don 't mind . I heard you didn 't get much sleep . I didn 't kill those people . Scully . I know that . I think I 've gathered enough evidence of your innocence to get you out of here . - From where ? - The forensics reports . The shirt you were wearing did have the victims ' blood on it , but the blood splatter pattern doesn 't match the point-of-entry detail . In fact , Detective Curtis and his team ... have been able to put together enough contradictory evidence ... to make a statement to the press ... saying the Cassandras ' death was as a result of a murder-suicide . - But I was there . - Yes . And I still don 't remember why . I think I have an idea about that too . Amy Cassandra believed she was an alien abductee . - And I contacted her ? - Yes . Apparently . According to an article I read on Amy , she had begun psychiatric treatment that was effectively recovering her past . The repetitive behavior exhibited in those paintings that we saw ... was an expression of that treatment . But why shoot herself and her husband ? I can 't say definitively , but judging from an almost identical suicide ... of a police officer who was receiving the same psychiatric care , I believe the victims were suffering from Waxman-Geshwin syndrome . The symptoms of which are trance-like states ... leading to vivid dreams about the past , ; dreams that are more detailed than the conscious mind can recall . It 's also called Dostoyevsky 's syndrome ... because the Russian novelist was suffering from it too . What was I doing there and why didn 't I do anything to stop it ? I can 't explain that . I 've arranged for your arraignment in one hour . I think that by then Detective Curtis and I will have gathered ... enough forensics data that you 'll be released . I still need to know why though . This is the office of the psychologist that treated Amy Cassandra . - Have you been here before ? - I don 't know , but we found my car . It 's been here a few days . What was the name of that psychologist ? Hello . Dr. Goldstein ? My name is Fox Mulder . Have we met ? I don 't believe so . My receptionist says you 're from the F.B.I. ? Yes , we 're investigating the deaths of Amy and David Cassandra . We understand that Amy was a patient of yours ? Yes . Please , sit down . I was very upset to learn about Amy . She was a troubled woman who 'd struggled through ... an unfortunate period of darkness in her life . Are you referring to her belief that she was an abductee ? This term " alien abductee " ... Although I recognize there is an associated syndrome ... and a rather remarkable collection of shared experiences ... for those who believe in the phenomena , my treat of Amy was simply an aggressive method ... to access buried or repressed memories . How do you mean " aggressive " ? I use a method of therapy that simulates an electrical impulse in the brain ... using light and sound . Did you also use this treatment on a police officer named Michael Fazekus ? - Yes . Why ? - Mr. Fazekus shot himself in the head . Oh , my God . Is this an accepted form of medical treatment ? It 's unconventional , but it 's not invasive . Are you familiar with Waxman-Geshwin syndrome , Dr. Goldstein ? - Yes . - Did you know Amy suffered from it ? Waxman-Geshwin , if you know anything about it , is not necessarily a destructive condition . In fact , Amy , after undergoing treatment , experienced periods of extreme happiness and creativity . But you had no idea , you had no indication ... - she might have taken her own life ? - No ! Of course not . I have been in practice forover40years . I have a very good ethical and professional reputation ... if you 'd care to check . That won 't be necessary . I know what you do . I have been here before , Scully . I met Dr. Goldstein with Amy Cassandra . This man is lying about more than that . I think that he administered the ketamine to Amy and to you . I think you were treated by him and your blackouts , these seizures , are a result . I think you 're right . Why would you do that , Mulder ? Why would you undergo something as crazy and dangerous as this ? Mulder ? Mulder ? My baby ! Mulder ? I 'm fine . No , I am not going to take that for an answer . You do not belong at work . You need to be somewhere where you can be monitored . You are a danger to yourself and a danger to me . - Are you hearing me ? - Give me the car keys . No , you 're not driving . You 're not doing anything until these symptoms go away . Scully , I don 't want these symptoms to go away . Whatever 's happening to me , whatever treatment I 've received ... is allowing me to go back into my unconscious . The truth is in there , recorded , and I 've gotten access to it . What happened to my sister , the reason she was taken , it 's beginning to become clear to me and I need to know that . - Now give me the car keys . - To go where ? To my mother 's in Greenwich . Okay ... but I 'm driving . - Fox . - I need to speak to you . What 's happened , Fox ? Why have you come here ? You 've kept things from me . Kept secrets . - What 's the matter with him ? - He 's undergone a treatment . He believes it 's helped him to remember things . Remember what ? You told me when they took Samantha , it was because you had to make a choice . But that 's not how it happened . It wasn 't your choice to make . What do you want to hear from me ? I want to know what happened that night on Quonochontaug , and I need to speak to you privately . You had some kind of relationship with him . - Who ? - You know who . The man who worked with my father . The man who came that night when I was 12 , and forced you to choose Samantha . - No , Fox ... - You betrayed my father , your husband . - Never . - How far back did it go ? How dare you ! How dare you come here and accuse me . Who is my father ? What do you want , to kill him again ? Just answer the question , Mom . Just answer the question ! I am your mother , and I will not tolerate any more of your questions ! You 're bleeding , Fox . What did you do to me ? - I told you ... - You treated me . I asked you to treat me to recover my past . - I did nothing wrong . - You put a hole in my head . - A slight electrical stimulation . - You triggered my memory . - Yes , as you had hoped . - Now I want you to finish the job . Let 's do it . I want to remember . You 're a spy . Fox ? Fox . - You 're a spy . - Why ? Fox ? - Not Samantha ! - Fox ! Dr. Charles Goldstein ? Dr. Goldstein , you 're under arrest . Please keep your hands where they are . Bag those gloves as evidence . Someone read him his rights . Hands behind your back , please . Where is he ? Mulder ? - Where 's Mulder ? - He 's not here . - Did you ask Dr. Goldstein ? - Goldstein wouldn 't say . - Stop that car ! - Hey ! Hold it , Dan ! Hold up ! Open the back door . What did you do to him ? I know he came back here . This is the only place he would have gone . Did you treat him ? Damn it ! Answer me ! - Yes . - Where is he now ? I don 't know where he went . What was the last thing he said to you ? He said he was going to exorcise his demons . - Agent Scully ? - Yeah . - Frank Imhop . - Hi . Is he in there ? Saw the light go on a couple minutes ago . Gotta be somebody in there . - We got here as soon as you called . - All right . That man is armed . He is a federal officer in need of medical attention . He is not himself . Now I 'm going in there . If at any time he should flee that house , tell your officers not to shoot . Mulder ? Leave me alone , Scully . Mulder , it 's me . Scully , leave me alone . Fox . It 's all falling into place . - Put down the gun . - No , don 't try to stop me . Please , Mulder . Wake up , Fox . No ! She 's my baby ! I 'm afraid , Fox . I 'm afraid . - Get away ! - Are you gonna shoot me ? Is that how much this means to you ? Mulder , listen to me . You have been given a powerful hallucinogen . You don 't know that these memories are yours . This is not the way to the truth , Mulder . - You 've got to trust me . - Shut up ! Put down the gun . Let it go . We 've got shots fired ! Move ! Although cleared of any wrongdoing ... in the deaths of Amy and David Cassandra , Agent Mulder still has no recollection of the events that led to their deaths . His seizures have subsided with no evidence of permanent cerebral damage , but I 'm concerned that this experience will have a lasting effect . Agent Mulder under took this treatment hoping to lay claim to his past , ; that by retrieving memories lost to him , he might finally understand the path he 's on . But if that knowledge remains elusive , and if it 's only by knowing where he 's been ... that he can hope to understand where he 's going , then I fear Agent Mulder may lose his course ... and the truth she 's seeking from his childhood will continue to evade him , driving him more dangerously forward in impossible pursuit .
