 I think we all feel an empty place . Everybody loved Jennifer- - not just because she was a special person , but because she was the kind of friend who was always there for you . We 'll miss you , Jen . We 'll miss your smile . We 'll miss the times we would 've spent together . We 'll keep these memories close to our hearts until we meet again in God 's kingdom . The family has requested a graveside service now . I 've rescheduled the burial till tomorrow afternoon . We 'll keep the body overnight . Such a beautiful girl . Hello ? Who 's there ? I said , who 's there ? Holy God . Donnie . What the hell are you doing here this late ? Working . Working . At this hour ? What is this ? What the hell were you doing ? Get out of here . You freak ! Get out of here ! And don 't come back . I should report you ! Just go on ! Get out of here ! I got the call from Minneapolis PD saying they wanted the FBI to come out and take a look . Anything slightly freakazoid , that 's the drill : call Moe Bocks . As if I 'm tight with all the nutcases in town . So , I shoot on down here to see what 's the what , and I 'll be damned if I 'm not knocked on my butt by what they show me . 22 years , I 've never seen anything like it . I get one look at the corpse , and I 'm on the phone to my pal Andy Schneider down at the Mutual UFO Network . You know Andy . No , I don 't . Well , he knows you . Why 'd you call MUFON ? I wanted to see if there 'd been much UFO activity in the area . You think this grave was unearthed by aliens , Agent Bocks ? Well , it has all the telltale signs . Don 't you think ? I mean , according to the literature . Literature ? You know , the way the hair and nails have been cut away . Sort of like they do in cattle mutilations . Well , I hate to disappoint you , Agent Bocks , but this doesn 't look like the work of aliens to me . Oh , how can you be sure ? I 've seen this kind of thing before when I worked at Violent Crimes . Whoever dug this up probably used a backhoe . If you take a cast of the ground in the area , you 'll probably find fresh new tracks leading from here to a garage nearby . You think ? Yeah , he may work here , but it 's not likely , though he 's probably worked at a mortuary or a cemetery at one time or another , probably even been busted , but you won 't find any record of that . Tends to be bad for business when those kind of stories get around . You 're saying some human 's been doing this . If you want to call him that . You okay , Scully ? Yeah . I 've read about cases of desecrating the dead before , but this is the first time I 've seen it . Nothing can prepare you for it . It 's almost unimaginable . Why do they do it ? Well , some people collect salt and pepper shakers . Fetishists collect dead things- - fingernails and hair . No one quite knows why . Though I 've never really understood salt and pepper shakers myself . Sometimes you surprise me , Mulder . Why 's that ? How that didn 't shock you back there . I prepared myself for it before we left Washington . You knew this wasn 't UFO-related from the start ? I 'd suspected as much , yeah . It took us three hours to get here . Our plane doesn 't leave until tomorrow night . If you suspected ... Vikings versus Redskins , Scully . 40-yard line in the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome . You and me . Have you lived in the Twin Cities area long , Mr. Pfaster ? I grew up here . I was away for a few years . Oh . And what kind of work were you in before ? Cosmetology . Hair and makeup . Oh . That 's interesting . If you don 't mind my saying , that 's a lovely color lipstick you 're wearing . Is that Indian Summer ? Yes . Yes , it is . Now , you 're applying for the job as the delivery man ? To put myself through school . I 've gone back to school . Oh . And what are you studying ? Comparative religions . Oh . Are you a religious person yourself ? Yes . Very . You know , I probably shouldn 't say this , but Mr. Ficicello feels very strongly about religious backgrounds . He prides himself on the honesty of his employees . Can you put that on the application ? I 'll attach a little note . Thank you . Long , long pass . Cris Carter with the catch , and Carter brought down by Martin Mayhew at the Washington five yard line for a Viking first down ! Sorry you had to miss your game , but we found more bodies dug up . Did you get your forensics report on the first one yet ? He 's got to be happy about that ... There was somebody down there in the grave . Cut the hair with a pair of pinking shears . Got to wonder about this guy . Well , at least he wasn 't down there with his Dippity-Doo and his blow dryer . How many bodies does that make ? Three in the last two days . What else can you tell me about the desecration of the corpses ? The hair was cut from the heads of two bodies . From the third one , the fingernails were pulled out with what looks like a pair of needle-nosed pliers . All right , I want you to draft an eyes-only memo to everyone in this office and to all law enforcement agencies in the metropolitan area . Saying what ? That the Twin Cities may have a ... escalating fetishist on their hands . A what ? An escalating fetishist . Security should be tightened around city cemeteries . Mortuaries , funeral homes and hospitals should be notified . A story should be issued to the press warning of a possible stalker in the area . This isn 't New York , Agent Mulder . People still keep their doors unlocked here . This is going to scare them . All right , well , then you can leave out the more gruesome aspects in your press release . Why do you want to alarm folks if this guy only preys on dead people ? Because his compulsion is growing . He may resort to homicide to procure his corpses . Once he gets the taste of a warm body , he 's probably going to want more . Maybe I 've been isolated up here in the Great White North too long . What do you mean ? People wondered why it took them so long to catch this kid in Milwaukee . Thought someone should have noticed he was killing all those young boys . Truth is , no one ever believed it could happen . Right . Well , if you catch this guy before he kills , maybe they can go right on believing that . We don 't have the manpower or expertise to move on this with any speed . It 's going to be hard to round up anybody on a Saturday . Could be Monday or Tuesday before we get our ducks in a row . ... up and over the top ! Touchdown ... We got some work to do here . I 'm going to cancel our flight out . Scully ? I 'll be right there . All right . A complete model or psychological profile of the death fetishist does not exist . The compulsion is the result of a complex misplacement of values and a deviation from cultural norms and social mores . He is more likely to be white , male , and of average to above average intelligence . Cases of fetishists with IQs over 150 have been documented . The progression of the pathology can be traced from the fantasy stage to the eventual acting out of fetishistic impulses , including opportunistic homicide . Agent Mulder believes strongly that the suspect in this case is escalating towards this action . Once he begins to murder , it is the killing that draws attention away from a deeper motive- - a motive which most people , including law enforcement professionals , dare not imagine . It is somehow easier to believe , as Agent Bocks does , in aliens and UFOs than in the kind of cold-blooded , inhuman monster who could prey on the living to scavenge from the dead . Hi . Hi there . Hello . Hi . Hi . Are you looking for a date ? Yes . Why don 't you pull up around the corner over there . Well , actually , I was thinking of a couple of hours . Oh . Where do you have in mind ? Don 't you have any heat in here ? It 's freezing . The forced air unit is broken . I 'd like to run you a bath . Is your hair treated ? What ? Do you need a shampoo for chemically treated hair ? You want me to shampoo my hair ? I 'll pay extra if that 's something out of the ordinary . Nobody has ever asked me . Excuse me . Hello . Is this Mr. Pfaster ? Yes . Hi . This is Marilyn at Ficicello Frozen Foods . Sorry to bother you so late , but I 'm calling to say you 've been hired , Mr. Pfaster . We 'd like you to start right away . Hey , what 's going on here ? The water is ice cold . What kind of sick freak are you ? Oh , my God . Mr. Pfaster ? Yes . That 's wonderful news . Thank you so much . Don 't you come near me . I mean it . Don 't you touch me ! Stay away from me ! Keep away from me ! Don 't you come near me ! Still waiting for someone to I.D. the body . Judging from the area , I 'd say she 's probably a working girl . Watch your step . Oh ... Oh , my God . Oh , my God . Oh ... Who did this to her ? Who did this ? Was it him ? Looks like it . Knife wound the length of the torso . Cut all her hair off , took her fingernails . This time , he took some fingers , too . Want to see the body ? Yeah . I need a minute . Hey , let him take a look . Hi . I 'm your new delivery man . Oh , hi . Come in . Did they give you Skip 's old route ? Yes , I think so . I 've just started with the company . Skip 's been delivering to us for so long , we almost took it for granted he 'd always be around- - since before the kids were born . Lisa ? This is , uh ... Donnie . Donnie Pfaster . - He 's taking over for Skip . - Oh , hi . I 'm going to go over to Steve 's now , okay ? Okay . You have a good time . Okay . Bye . Bye . We have three daughters . Oh . Pardon me . May I use your washroom to wash up my hands ? Oh , sure . There 's a washroom just off the service porch . Oh . I just wanted to tell you , if we 're ever not home , we always leave the back door open here . Oh . Thank you . I 'll remember that . Death is a recorded event . For reasons natural or unnatural , when a body ceases to function , the cause of the effect can be clearly reconstructed . A body has a story to tell . The time is 11 : 14 a.m. , Monday , November 14 . Deceased is a female in her 20s . If the victim was strangled , an examination of the veins in the eyes will reveal this . If the victim was shot , entry wounds and gunpowder residue can be used to reconstruct the events leading to death and help to establish a possible motive . Hair and fibers , slivers of glass , plastic , even insect casings can serve to recreate the circumstances under which death occurred . It may be an irony only understood by those of us who conduct these examinations , that death , like life itself , is a drama with a beginning , middle and end . It is my opinion , having conducted this examination , that the victim died a wrongful death for the express purpose of extracting her hair and fingernails . The time of death cannot be accurately determined due to what I believe must have been immersion in a cold environment , most likely water . For the record , it is also my opinion that , outside of child homicide , which may be more tragic and heinous , this is one of the most angry and dehumanizing murders imaginable . Mm-mm . I just don 't know . Look at each man carefully . He 's none of those guys . He was ordinary . He didn 't look like no freak . You remember what kind of car he was driving , what color it was ? I think it was white . Okay , you can go . Just leave a number and address where you can be reached . You going to catch this guy ? We 'll catch him . Might be a good week to take that paid vacation the boss owes you . Yeah . Right . If this guy looks regular-like and he doesn 't have a record , he 's going to be near impossible to find . Not until he kills again or until we can determine what 's driving him . I read your profile . Sounds like a guy who can 't make it with women , which would explain the hooker . No , no , the hooker was just convenient . He 's after trophies . His victim was a young , attractive woman . The corpses he dug up were all young women . So what 's fueling his need ? What 's important about the hair and fingernails to him ? It 's almost as if it 's not enough that they 're dead , but he 's also got to defile them . I mean , there 's a deeper psychosis at work here . It 's an unfathomable hatred of women , uh , probably going back to his mother . I 'd say she 's pretty fried at him , too . I think the next thing we have to do is call all the psychiatric facilities in the area and ask them if they have any records of patients with similar pathologies . This kind of a monster isn 't made overnight . He 's been developing his fetish for years . The necessity of the story , the myth , in a culture is almost universal . We think of myths as things that entertain or instruct , but their deeper purpose is often to explain or make fanciful desires , wishes or behavior that society would otherwise deem unacceptable . Because they are conveyed in a wrapping of untruth- - the story- - these thoughts become harmless fiction . Take , for example , the stories we recite to our children : Snow White , Alice in Wonderland . The subtextual themes when the queen orders " off with her head " or the prince awakens Sleeping Beauty with a kiss are what Freud would describe as death wish imaginings . Excuse me . I 'm in your mythology class . Uh-huh . My name 's Donnie . I sit a couple of rows over . Maybe you 've seen me . Uh , I don 't know . I ... I know . You sit up front . I just ... See , I ... I was going to my car , and I saw you and ... Did he ask us to read chapters ten and 11 or 11 and 12 ? Oh . Uh , I ... I-I think it was , uh ... God . Uh , it was chapters ten and 11 . Oh . Thanks . Yeah . I have to go now . Don 't go . Let go of the door . Help ! Someone ! Help ! Hello . Scully , it 's me . They 've arrested somebody they think may be our guy . I 'll get dressed . He 's got a history of assault . 911 call came in from a security officer who saw it happen . She hurt him pretty bad . Yeah , he 's definitely our guy . Who cut him ? A working girl . They 're all carrying knives since what happened . I 'm Agent Mulder . Have you been read your rights ? I 'm just a straight businessman . I picked up this chick , and I brought her home . I paid her the money , and she hauls out this knife . Now , what am I supposed to do ? I smacked her a couple of times- - self-defense , self-defense . Now ... see ? Nothing under the fingernails . He 's not our guy . I thought we had him . We 're back to square one . Mulder , can I have a minute with you ? I 'll wait out front . I think I might better drive this investigation if I could focus on the evidence . What are you suggesting ? That I take the body back to Washington . I could run it through the fingerprint lab there . You know , those guys , they can pull ... Scully , if you 're having trouble with this case , I want you to tell me . I 'm not having trouble , Mulder . I 'd understand . I mean , it 's not exactly easy to stomach . I 'm fine , really . I just think we 're a long way from catching this guy . If we could get a print , we 'd have something to focus on , but right now , we 're at a standstill . I think it 's a good idea . I just don 't want you to think you have to hide anything from me . I 've seen agents with 20 years ' field experience fall apart on cases like this . I have . I 'm fine . I can handle it . Hey . What 's your name ? You talking to me ? Yeah . Were those FBI agents ? Yeah . What were they asking you ? They thought I was some freak who 's been digging up corpses . Man , I 'm in enough trouble already . What were their names ? Who ? The younger agents . Oh . Uh , I don 't remember his name . She was Scully . Like that baseball announcer . Let 's go , Mr. Pfaster . Go where ? Lady 's dropped the charges against you . They 're letting you out as soon as you talk to a psychiatric social worker . At first glance , there 's not much to work with . Satin doesn 't hold a print real well . There may be a latent somewhere in these bloodstains . I suspect the killer wore gloves . Well , the body was shipped on my flight , so it should be here within the hour . We 'll take a look . How long you in town for , Agent Scully ? I have a flight back to Minneapolis booked for tonight , but , um , I might cancel . I 've put all other work aside . Thanks . You think that you find a way to deal with these things . In med school , you develop a clinical detachment to death . In your FBI training , you are confronted with cases- - the most violent and terrible cases . You think you can look into the face of pure evil ... and then you find yourself paralyzed by it . Are you aware that you 've been talking about yourself in the second person ? No . Was I ? Do you know why ? Um ... probably as another way of trying to detach myself from it . You 're a very strong person . you 've probably always felt you can handle any problem by yourself . But you feel vulnerable now . Do you know why that is ? No . Is it your partner ? Is there a problem with trust ? No . I trust him as much as anyone . I trust him with my life . Can you talk to him about the way you 're feeling ? No . I don 't want him to know how much this is bothering me . Um ... I don 't want him to feel like he has to protect me . I know you lost your father last year , and , um ... I read in your file that you were very ill recently , that your life was threatened . These exposures can leave you extremely vulnerable . I know these things . I 'm-I 'm conscious of them . I ... I know that the world is full of predators , just as it has always been . And I know that it is my job to protect people from them . And I have counted on that fact to give me faith in my ability to do what I do . I want that faith back . I need it back . Okay , that 's great . Oh , there you are . I 've been looking for you . I had a meeting . I got good news . - What did you find ? - Well , as I suspected , there was nothing on the sheets , but we pulled something nice off the body . The guy cut her fingers off , right ? But not all of them . On her right hand , he left a thumb . I pulled this off the nail polish . There must have been a struggle before he killed her , before he put the gloves on . I got to call Agent Mulder . - Oh , somebody called for you . - Who ? Said he was an agent working out of Minneapolis . I told him you were out , you had a flight booked back tonight . Was it Agent Mulder ? I didn 't recognize the name . Did you tell him about the print ? Hadn 't found it yet . Agent Busch , look at this . Mulder . Hi . It 's me . We got a print . Scully got a print . Fantastic . I 'm going to modem it out to you immediately to see if you can run a match . Are you staying on there , Scully ? No , I 'm coming back tonight . Look , I know this is a pretty horrific case , but if ... I 'm okay with it , Mulder . Anyway , you could use my help . Always . You or Agent Bocks didn 't call here looking for me earlier , did you ? Did you call Scully ? No . Hmm . Okay , well , I 'll see you when I get there . All right . Go ! FBI ! I 'll take the bedroom ! Move it , move it , move it ! Go ! Team one , what is your status ? We 're clear back here ! Clear ! Bill . I think it 's human hair . The suspect does not appear to be at home . Let 's put out an APB on Donald Addie Pfaster , age 28 . Oh , take a look at this . She should be here . She was on the plane , landed three hours ago . We found Agent Scully 's car . Yeah , pull it in over here . She was forced off the road . It looks like a white car . Get one of your men and get a sample of this paint and get it on a plane to Washington . If we hurry and we 're lucky , we can get a make and model of the car by morning . We 're going to find her . Nothing registered to Donald Pfaster ? Right . Right . Got it . The paint is called " Ivory Bone . " It 's a two-step enamel used by three makers of late model , mid-size cars . They estimate there may be about 60,000 cars that fit that description in the metropolitan area . Nothing ? No . No one saw her leave the rental agency ? There was no attendant in the area ? Sorry , Mulder , that 's all we got . You know , people videotape police beatings on darkened streets . They manage to spot Elvis in three cities across America every day , but no one saw a pretty woman being forced off the road in her rental car . He could have taken her anyplace . How we going to find her ? Well , um ... we got to start at the beginning . You know , as nasty as it might sound , we got to try and get inside this guy 's head . Where would he go ? Anywhere but his mother 's , right ? Why do you say that ? Being he 's so pissed off at her , from what your profile says . Do we know where his mother lives ? I don 't know . Let 's find out . The mother lives in Boca Raton , Florida . Huh . Correction . She used to live there . She died a year ago . Did she have a car registered to her ? Late model white sedan . He inherited the car . Maybe Boca Raton was a winter house . Does she have a residence here in Minneapolis ? No ... Get the hell away from me ! Don 't be afraid . Is your hair normal or dry ? Where are you going ? There 's no way out , girly girl . I know this house , girly girl . There 's nowhere to hide . Move ! Move ! Federal agent ! Hands in the air ! Hands in the air ! Stay there , Scully . Can we get some paramedics here now ! I 'm okay . Just help me get my wrists undone . We 're all clear here ! How did you find me ? His mother used to own the house , willed it to his sisters . A patrolman saw his car out back . Get him out of here . Sure you don 't want to sit down , Scully , and let somebody take a look at you ? I 'm fine , Mulder . It 's all right . The conquest of fear lies in the moment of its acceptance , in understanding what scares us most is that which is most familiar , most commonplace . That the boy next door , Donnie Pfaster , the unremarkable younger brother of four older sisters , extraordinary only in his ordinariness , could grow up to be the devil in a button-down shirt . It 's been said that the fear of the unknown is an irrational response to the excesses of the imagination , but our fear of the everyday- - of the lurking stranger and the sound of footfalls on the stairs- - the fear of violent death and the primitive impulse to survive are as frightening as any X File , as real as the acceptance that it could happen to you . I made this !
