 - Last season . - What we have is the corpus ... of an extraterrestrial biological entity . The ice core samples I took , they can 't be faked . I refuse to believe that it 's not true . So you 're saying it 's all been orchestrated . A hoax . Which you 've been used to perpetuate . - He said the men behind this hoax ... gave me this disease to make you believe . Early this morning I got a call from the police ... asking me to come to Agent Mulder 's apartment . The detective asked me- - He needed me to identify a body . Agent Scully- - Agent Mulder died late last night ... from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . When we speak of life beyond the earth , what we generally mean ... is , of course , intelligent life , something resembling our noble selves . It is highly probable that there are ... such intelligent forms of life ... in other galaxies in the universe . - And it is even more probable ... that many of these forms are vastly more intelligent than we . I 've held a torch in the darkness ... to glance upon a truth unknown , ; an act of faith begun with an ineloquent certainty ... that my journey promised the chance not just of understanding , but of recovery , ; that the disappearance of my sister 23 years ago ... would come to be explained , ; and that the pursuit of these greater truths ... about the existence of extraterrestrial life ... might even reunite us . A belief which I now know to be false and uninformed in the extreme . My folly revealed by facts which illuminate ... both my arrogance and self - deception . If only the tragedy had been mine alone , might it be more easy tonight to bring this journey to its end . Agent Mulder ? - Agent Mulder . - Yeah . There 's a matter of security . Something I hadn 't anticipated . - Just after I left your apartment- - - Who are you ? Just after our last conversation , I was followed- - - Who are you ? - Are you listening , Agent Mulder ? Are you hearing me ? We can 't speak right now . I have reason to believe that these- - Did they give Agent Scully this disease ? Did they do this to her because of me ? They may be listening , Agent Mulder . They may be watching you , everything you do and say . Are you listening , Agent Mulder ? Agent Mulder ? - Agent Mulder ? Put that out ! Back away ! Get away . You have no new messages . - Keep going , F.B.I. woman . - Mulder ? What are you doing ? Why are you sitting in my bedroom in the dark ? It was too crowded in my apartment . I couldn 't sleep . - I 'm not kidding , Mulder . - Good . 'Cause neither am I . There 's a dead man on the floor of my apartment , and it 's only a matter of time before he starts to stink the place up . What are you talking about , Mulder ? What 's going on ? Apparently somebody thinks my life is interesting enough to put on videotape . My apartment 's been under electronic surveillance for at least two months . Look at this . Courtesy of the U.S. government . - That 's the dead man in your apartment ? - Yeah . He works- - He worked for the Department of Defense . How did he die , Mulder ? Guns hot wound to the face . Have you contacted anybody at the bureau ? I can 't do that , Scully . I can 't go to the authorities with this . - What are you talking about ? - This man , Ostelhoff , worked for the military . Are you beginning to get the picture ? Do you see what 's happening here ? That the hoax is connected to the military , just like Kritschgau said it was . This hoax , your cancer , everything . It just doesn 't lead back to the military . It leads right back to the F.B.I. What ? This man Ostelhoff was set up in the apartment directly above mine . I caught him trying to destroy phone records on which the same number was called 17 times . This is the P.B.X. operator at the bureau . Yeah . Who would he be calling at the F.B.I. ? - I don 't know . - Mulder , how long has this been going on ? Maybe since the beginning , since you joined me on the X-Files . That would mean that for four years we 've been nothing more than pawns in a game ; that it was a lie from the beginning . Mulder , these men . You give them your faith and you 're supposed to trust them with your life . There are those who can be trusted . What I need to know is who among them is not . I will not allow this treason to prosper . Not if they 've done this to you . Mulder , we can 't go to the bureau making these accusations . But as they lie to us , we can lie to them . A lie to find the truth . Let the truth be known though the heavens fall . The web of lies entangling us can now be connected ... back to the very institution which brought us together . The facts supported by a Byzantine plot , executed by someone inside the F.B.I. , - who , if named , - Agent Scully ? could be tied to the hoax meant to destroy me ... and to the terminal disease inflicted on Scully . In four years I have shared my partner 's passionate search for the truth . And if my part has been a deception , I have never seen her integrity waver or her honor compromised . Is it him ? - But now , laskher to lie ... - Yeah . to the people lying to us- - a dangerous lie to find the truth , ; to find the men who would be revealed as its enemy , as our enemy . As the enemy within . Agent Scully . Is it true ? - Yes , sir . - Are you all right ? I 'm , uh- - I don 't know what to say . They asked me to come down and identify the body . Well , how 'd you make the l.D. ? The word from Alexandria P.D. is it was self - inflicted . A shotgun blast to the face . I saw Mulder earlier this morning . He was wearing the same clothes . I 'm very sorry . Agent Scully . Section Chief Blevins wants you in for questioning on this . He believes you have information you haven 't come forward with . The military connection to the conspiracy we had pierced was now undeniable . The man who lay dead in my apartment worked for the Department of Defense ... at its advanced research facility . What I might find here , I was uncertain of , but my crime had provided me access . As long they believed Scully 's lie that it was melying on that floor , I might learn truths here . Beautiful lies were discovered , both Scully and I would be discovered with them . Agent Scully , please have a seat . Some time has passed since you were first in this office . Yes , sir . Four years . From all reports , your work on the X-Files brought you very close to Agent Mulder . Yes , sir . We 're all sorry about what 's happened , Agent Scully . But that 's not why I 'm here . You 're here because we 've been informed by the Department of Defense ... that prior to Agent Mulder 's accident ... you may have been contacted by a D. OLD. employee . Yes , that 's right . And that he gave you classified information . He had information about the discovery of what Agent Mulder believed to be an alien corpse . He , uh- - He said the body was part of a hoax . He provided evidence of this ? N-No hard evidence , sir . No . Agent Scully , I suggest you tell us everything you know . If you have any knowledge of this man , you should speak up now . What knowledge ? His name . Whatever you 're withholding , you 'll be asked to explain yourself tonight ... at a joint F.B.I. panel I 've asked assembled on this matter . Is this the man ? Michael Kritschgau ? Yes . Hey ! How 'd you get in here ? - Through the front door . - You can 't bypass security . You can when you have the card . Put that away . Put it away . You knew my apartment was being surveilled . How ? Come with me . I was followed from your apartment the night we spoke . Someone at the F.B.I. is involved . This man Ostelhoff was in contact with somebody- - How 'd you get his card ? I found it on a dead man . You know what that is , what you have in your hand ? It gives you level four clearance . Level four clearance . That means I get to dine at the Officer 's Club ? You have access to everything . Things I don 't . Things I can only tell you about . I need to know who did this to Scully . What you can have , what you may find , - is so much more than that . - What ? What you want most desperately of all . The cure for Scully 's cancer ? Federal Bureau of lnvestigation . - How may I direct your call ? - Communications center , please . - One moment . - Communications , Holly . - Holly , Dana Scully . Dana , I 'm so sorry about what 's happened . I just heard . Holly , I need your help on something . I was hoping that you could help me with some information . What do you need ? I have some calls placed at the bureau on consecutive dates . On the sixth , seventh , eighth , ninth and tenth . They came in to the P.B.X. operator . The first was at 11 : 21 . The next at 11 : ; 14 , 3 : ; 07 , 2 : 02 and 5 : 12 . They would have all been transferred to the same extension . - And you 're looking for that extension ? - Yes . I 've got five calls matching those times and dates ... transferred to an executive level extension . - Whose ? - It 's a branch extension . It could be anyone at that level . Would Assistant Director Skinner be at that extension ? Yes . - Thank you . - Okay . You take care now , Dana . - Yes ? - Special Agent Scully ? - Yes . - This is Dr. Vitagliano ... at the Paleoclimatology Department at American University . You asked me to look into these ice core samples for you . Right . I 'm sorry that I haven 't gotten back to you . You might want to come down here to the lab . There 's something I know you 're gonna want to see for yourself . What am I looking for ? Level four is a biological quarantine wing . It houses a series of labs and medical facilities- - an elaborate system for the storage of vast quantities of DNA . DNA from whom ? Virtually every American born since 1945 . Every immigrant , every indigenous person ... who 's ever given blood or tissue to a government doctor . This is what I was telling you , Agent Mulder . This is the hoax into which you 've been drawn . The roots go back 50 years to the end of World War ll , playing on a virulent national appetite for bogus revelation ... and a public newly fearful of something called the atom bomb , the U.S. military command began to fan the flames of what were called " flying saucer stories . " There are truths which can kill a nation . The military needed something to deflect attention away from its arms strategy- - global domination through the capability of total enemy annihilation . The nuclear card was fine as long as we alone could play it . But the generals and politicos knew that what they could not win was a public relations war . Those photos from Nagasaki and Hiroshima ... were not faces Americans wanted to see in a mirror . Oppenheimer knew it , but we silenced him . When the Russians developed the bomb , the fear in the military ... was not for safety at home , but for armistice and treaty . The business of America isn 't business , it 's war . Since Antietam , nothing has driven the economy faster . We needed a reason to keep spending money . When there wasn 't a war to justify it , we called it war anyway . The Cold War was essentially a 50 - year public relations battle , a pitched game of chicken against an enemy we not much more than called names . The Communists called us a few names too . " We will bury you , " Khrushchev said , and the public believed it . After what McCarthy had done they ate it with a big spoon . We squared off a few times in Cuba , Korea and Vietnam , but nobody dropped the bomb , nobody dared . What does any of this have to do with flying saucers ? The U.S. military saw a good thing in ' 47 when the Roswell story broke . The more we denied it , the more people believed it was true . Aliens had landed . A made-to-order cover story for generals looking to develop the national war chest . They opened official investigations with names like Grudge , Twinkle , project Blue Book , Majestic 12 . They brought in college professors and congressmen and fed them enough bogus fact , enough fuzzy photos and eyewitness accounts that they believed it too . They even hooked Doug MacArthur , for God 's sake . I can 't tell you how fortuitous the timing of it all was . Do you know when the first supersonic flight was , Agent Mulder ? 1947 . Soon every experimental aircraft being flown was a U.F.O. sighting . When the abduction stories started up , it was too perfect . We 'd almost gotten caught in Korea , an ambitious misstep . China and the Soviets knew it . The U.N. got all heated up at us . Germ warfare . We were accused of using it on the Koreans . Yeah . It was developmental then , nothing like what we and the Russians have now . The bioweapons used in the Gulf War were so ingenious ... as to be almost undetectable- - developed right in this very building . And all these reports of abductions , you 're saying they 've all been lies . Not lies , exactly , but citizens taken unsuspecting and tested- - a classified military project above top secret and still ongoing . You 've heard the recent denials about Roswell , about the military and CIA . ? What 's been the effect ? Even wilder and more widespread belief . The American appetite for bogus revelation , Agent Mulder . But I 've seen aliens . I 've witnessed these things . - You 've seen what they wanted you to see . The line between science and science fiction doesn 't exist anymore . What this is about is control of the very elements of life - - DNA . - Yours , mine , everyone 's . - Then why a hoax ? Why create hard evidence , an alien body that could be disproved ? The body you found was so good , so believable , that only a directed scientific examination ... - would have proven the fraud . - Scully would have known . The timing of the hoax was planned so that Agent Scully ... wouldn 't be alive to do an examination . You went along with all this . You let them do this to Scully . I paid the price , Agent Mulder . When my son came back sick from the Gulf War , that was my retribution . I 'm helping you now , but not unselfishly . You believe there 's a cure for him in here too . I have to think there is . Michael Kritschgau . May we talk to you ? What about ? D.O.D. is detaining you for questioning . Would you come with us , Mr. Kritschgau ? Sir . I was told that you needed to see me , that there was some urgency . It seems I 've been left out of the loop . Left out ? You were watching Mulder . You had a man on him . No one bothered to inform me of this . I know nothing about a man . I will not be cut out like this . You need my expertise . Is this being run from D.O.D. ? If it is , I 'm unaware of it . I 've always kept Mulder in check . I put this whole thing together . I created Mulder . Agent Mulder is dead . Our F.B.I. source confirmed it this morning . Mulder killed himself . Mulder was an asset . Without his partner , we may have underestimated his fragility . I never underestimated Mulder . I still don 't . As you had asked , I 've tested some of the cellular material ... found in the ice core sample . Because we couldn 't identify it as either plant or animal , only as some kind of chimeric hybrid , I put some of the individual cells in media ... containing fetal bovine serum , and the cells began to divide . Well , then they were animal cells that you found . They are not classifiable . What do you mean ? You said there was mitotic cell division . When the cells began to divide , they didn 't just multiply . They began to go through the stages of morula , blastula , gastrula . They began somatic development ? The beginning of a life-form . Growing into what , I don 't know . I had come here looking for answers , hoping not only to lay bare this conspiracy against the country and the men behind it , but to finally learn the truth about the possibility ... of intelligent extraterrestrial life . Now with what I 've heard , my beliefs seem more and more improbable . The possibility of a cure for Scully somewhere inside these walls ... is my only hope . But if I might find it and somehow save her , the very existence of this cure would mean with certainty ... that I have believed in aliens from the start . I had no way to reach Agent Mulder ... to tell him what I had discovered- - an unidentified microscopic life-form whose very existence ... held the possibility of revelation . Was this organism- - extracted from the ice ... which had entombed the alien corpse- - the germ cell that might give proof of extraterrestrial life ? Or was it just the opposite ? The scientifically engineered creation of a chimera- - an unclassifiable biological product designed to setup a hoax , manufactured to create the false beliefs ... that have long driven Agent Mulder . I now began to realize that the answer to this question ... might exist within the life-form itself- - biological proof of its connection to the cancer invading my body , to a virus living inside this organism ... to which I had been exposed during my abduction three years ago . I 'm still not sure what you 're hoping to find here . I need to do a Southern blot ... to run the culture that you showed me against my own DNA . You said that the unclassified cells you looked at under the E.E.M. were full of virus . Right . What are you looking for ? A match . And I need it before 7 : 00 . Tonight ? Not gonna happen . Not unless we have a blazing hot probe . It 's got to happen . Everything in my life depends on it . - What are you doing here ? - I was gonna ask you the same . No you weren 't . You followed me here . Why are you following me ? Is this more dirty work you 're doing for the D.O.D. ? Why don 't you tell me something ? Tell me what you 're doing here . - I want an answer from you . - I want an answer from you ! - This isn 't your job ! - My job is to direct the agents under me . To question their motives when they 're lying about investigations . To take steps to cease or censure those actions . Your lie is on record , Agent Scully . - And what about yours ? - On my desk I have the pathology ... and forensics reports for the body found in Mulder 's apartment . Now , you have to answer for yourself in five hours . As you compound the lies , you compound the consequences for them . All lies lead to the truth . Isn 't that right ? And what about your lie , Agent Scully ? What does it lead to ? The truth about the men behind what happened to me ; about my abduction and the tests ; about being exposed to something against my will ; about being put on a table and having something implanted in me ... and having my memory stolen , only to have it returned ... along with a disease that I was given . Is that your justification ? ls that what you 're gonna tell the joint panel ? Is that your justification ? ls that what you 're gonna tell the joint panel ? - Are you afraid of that ? - Well , considering the dead man ... in Mulder 's apartment was murdered in cold blood ... and you will fully misidentified him , yes , I am afraid . But I 'm only afraid for you . You 're gonna use that against me , aren 't you ? You 're gonna use me as I 've been used all along , to preserve the lies . Where is Agent Mulder ? Your silence won 't save you . Not with these people . And if you lie , I don 't know if anything can . Except proof . The cruelest ironies are those consecrated ... by the passage of time , chanced and occasioned by shocking discovery . I had joined Agent Mulder on the X-Files because of my background in the medical sciences . My assignment was to question his work , to debunk his investigations ... and rein him back into the F.B.I. mainstream . Now , as fate would have it , lam calling on these very same skills ... to prove that he has been the target of a scheme ... orchestrated by someone close to us in the F.B.I. , ; someone we have trusted above all others , involved in a highly organized plot ... to keep a dangerous secret from the light of day . I could only guess at what Agent Mulder may have uncovered on his own , ; what he may have found to confirm or deny , ; what he has long held to be a conspiracy to control ... the public inquiry into the government 's knowledge ... and contact with an alien race or races . If he had hoped , as I do , to learn the identity of those who sought to destroy us , I had , with the discovery of this unidentified microorganism , what could amount to forensic evidence . Hard and undeniable genetic evidence ... of a connection between the conspirators ... and the cancer which has now metastasized in my bloodstream . I have few short hours to conduct these tests ... before I must appear before an F.B.I. panel to explain myself . And as I am ready to lie to them about Agent Mulder , I am also ready to confront them with proof- - proof extracted from this tiny organism ... that could blow open a conspiracy of global consequence . If Agent Scully and I had been led to believe the conspiracy ... meant to destroy us has its roots in the Department of Defense , that fact seems all but irrefutable now . I have gained entry to a large storage facility by a hallway ... connecting underground to the pentagon . On hundreds of rows of shelves are materials that reveal nothing to me ... of a cure for Scully 's cancer . And now , as I have reached the terminus of this space , what appears to be an old and antiquated filing system seems my only hope ... of finding what this man Kritschgau has assured me exists . If his own desperate search for his son 's cure has eluded him , I now share his desperation ... that among these drawers is a sign , a glimmer , some small confirmation that the journey which has brought me here ... has not been in vain . - Yes ? - I had orders to contact you ... in the event Scott Ostelhoff entered the building . Is he there ? His key card was scanned through the level four entrance . He used the subterranean access to breach the pentagon . - Are you sure it 's him ? - I can 't ascertain that . - Do you want me to apprehend him ? - Don 't do anything . I 'm on my way . If my work with Agent Mulder has tested ... the foundation of my beliefs , science has been and continues to be my guiding light . Now I am again relying on its familiar and systematic methods ... to arrive at a truth- - a fact that might explain the fate that has befallen me . An investigation that began without , now turning within . Taking cellular material from the unidentified life - form ... and isolating a virus contained within it , then matching the DNA from this virus ... against that which I believe has caused my cancer . I hope a picture will develop . A picture that might confirm my darkest suspicions ... about the source of this disease invading my body , in hope of providing evidence that its cause is not without blame ... even though its cure remains unknown . If science serves me to these ends , it is not lost on me ... that the tool with which I 've come to depend on absolutely ... cannot save or protect me , but on lybring into focus the darkness that lies ahead . - There it is . - I don 't understand . My DNA hybridized with the viral DNA from the cell culture . But that means ... the material from the ice core sample- - You 'd have to have DNA from the unclassified chimera cells ... - in your own body . - I know . But how ? And how did you know ? I believe that I was exposed to this material , and it is responsible for giving me a serious illness . What kind of illness ? One which cannot be cured . If I did indeed have the cure for Scully 's cancer , I was now as dependent on her as she was on me . As I had breached this facility , I needed to find my way out to safety , ; depending on Scully to weave her story , ; to tell her tale , ; to make them believe the lie . - Agent Scully , please have a seat . - Thank you . Agent Scully , we 've had a brief discussion , but will you restate the matter we 're here to put to rest . Yes , sir . Four years ago , Section Chief Blevins ... assigned me to a project you all know as the X-Files . As I am a medical doctor with a background in hard science , my job was to provide an analytical perspective ... on the work of Special Agent Fox Mulder , whose investigations into the paranormal ... were fueled by a personal belief ... that his sister had been abducted by aliens when he was 12 . I come here today , four years later , to report on the illegitimacy of Agent Mulder 's work . That it is my scientific opinion ... that he became , through the course of these years , a victim- - a victim of his own false hopes ... and of his belief in the biggest of lies . You were contacted by a man who claimed he worked for the Department of Defense , a Michael Kritschgau , who told you that Mulder had been taken in by a hoax . - Yes , sir . He told me a story which detailed point-by-point ... the systematic way in which Agent Mulder ... had been deceived and used , and how I as his partner had been led down the same path- - losing a family member due to my allegiance ... and contracting a fatal disease which I was being told was engineered ... by the men who were responsible for Agent Mulder 's deception . Were you able to convince Agent Mulder of these facts ? What couldn 't tell Agent Mulder- - what I had only just learned myself- - was that the cancer which had been diagnosed in me ... several months earlier had metastasized , and the doctors told me short of a miracle ... it would continue to aggressively invade my body ... advancing faster each day towards the inevitable . I 'll have security stop him at the entrance . No , it 's okay . Let him go . Early this morning ... I got a call from the police ... asking me to come to Agent Mulder 's apartment . The detective asked me- - He needed me to identify a body . Agent Scully- - Agent Mulder died late last night ... from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head . Agent Scully , these accusations that you 've made- you 've been given a disease . - Yes , sir . They 're extremely serious charges . Yes , sir . But I have proof ... against the men behind this ... of the lies that I believed . What I have here is proof undeniable ... that the men who gave me this disease were also behind the hoax , a plot designed to lead to Agent Mulder 's demise , and to my own , planned and executed by someone in this room . What I have here ... is scientific evidence- - - You . - Somebody get a doctor . What ? What is it ? It 's deionized water . It 's nothing more than that .
