 [ All Shouting ln Spanish ] [ Woman ] Quiet ! Quiet ! Listen tome . It was a terrible thing . You are not going to believe me , even when I tell you . Some say it is a story , a fairy tale . But I saw it . I saw it with my own eyes . [ Speaking Spanish ] - Maria , miamor . - Hey . [ Both Speaking Spanish ] Gracias . - No . - Si . - No . [ Man ] Let 'sgo ! - Si . - No . - [ Woman ] Maria ! - [ Speaking Spanish ] - Mm-hmm . - [ Explosion ] - [ Screams ] La cabras . Maria ! Maria ! Maria . Maria ! Madre de Dios . Mulder , this happened how long ago ? Tres dias . Muyincreible , no ? Only the smell . You brought me out here under the pretense ofinvestigating an unexplained death . Can you tell me whywe 're standing out here in a field looking at a dead goat ? According to eyewitnesses , the death we 're investigating was preceded by a fortean event : a highly unusual or infrequent meteorological phenomenon , also known as a transient . - A transient ? - Yeah . Witnesses described a bright flash about 30 degrees offthe horizon . Then a hot , yellow rain fell from a cloudless sky . Fortean researchers call these liquid falls . Black and red rains are common , but there have also been reported cases ofblue , purple and green rains . - Purple rain ? - Yeah . Great album . Deeply flawed movie , though . Mulder , this transient , as you call it , this bright flash in the sky , I assumeyou think it has some connection to- - Fortean events have been linked to alien encounters . Cattle mutilations . The kind ofexsanguinated animal carcass you were looking at . The victim , Maria Dorantes- - Did she die in a similar fashion ? - I would assume so . - You assume ? Nobody 's examined the body ? Nobody cares , Scully . The victim and manywitnesses are illegal immigrants , migrant farm workers . I thought it might be important to talk to them before they migrated . No , no . Nolamigra . Nolamigra . - Nolamigra . - Nolamigra . Nolamigra . We 're fbi . Nolamigra . It 's all right . We don 't want to take anybody away . Relax . - No , it 's okay . Tranquila . - What doyou want ? We want to know what happened to Maria Dorantes . Does anybody know what happened to Maria Dorantes ? - Did anybody see anything ? - EI Chupacabra . That 's what happened to Maria Dorantes . - EI Chupacabra ? - Yeah , it 's a Mexican folktale . EI Chupacabra , the goat sucker . It 's a small , gray creature ... with a big head and a small body and big , black bulging eyes . Si , si , si . Light , thenrain . Then EI Chupacabra , it comes and eats away Maria 's eyes and face . Did you see the Chupacabra ? No , but everyone here knows that this is the truth . This woman 's a liar . There is no Chupacabra . Chupacabra 'snothing butastorytoldto children . I know the killer of Maria Dorantes . - Who would that be , sir ? - It 's mybrother . Eladio Buente . He killed Maria because she loved only me . Uh , how doyou explain theyellow rain then , the dead goat over the hill ? It is a trick ... for fools who believe in fool superstitions . Thankyou , Mr. Buente . You 've been very helpful . Maria , Maria . I 'vejust met a girl named Maria . - Doesn 't make a whole lot ofsense , Scully . - Makes perfect sense . Admit it , you fell for it . Your fortean event turned out to be nothing more than the oldest story in the world . Two men , one woman , trouble . I admit there 's a strong suspicion ofmotive and intent . But the amount ofdetail , the description ofthat Chupacabra . Mulder , what we 've walked into here is a Mexican soap opera , and one for the local cops . Local cops don 't care , Scully . I don 't know who does . Okay , I care , but what are we supposed to do about it ? Find out what killed Maria Dorantes . Take a look at her body . - Whileyou do what ? - Try to find this man , Eladio Buente . Agent Lozano ? I 'm Special Agent Mulder . I 'm with the fbi . The fbi , here ? - We 're investigating the death ofa migrant worker . - Really . I 'm looking for a man named Eladio Buente . He hasn 't been seen for three days , and he 's not in police custody . I thought he might be in l.N.S. custody . He might . Let 's see . Okay , we have aJose Feliciano . We haveJuan Valdez . We have Cesar Chavez . We have Placido Domingo here . But I don 't see any Eladio Buente . Soyou are telling me that no one here uses their real name . What is this man wanted for ? Possibly the murder ofa woman named Maria Dorantes . Oh , man . The Chupacabra ? Yeah . You 've heard ofit . You don 't believe it . No , I believe these people . Hey , their lives are small . So they have to make these fantasies to keep on going , to feel alive . Because they are strangers here . They feel hated , unwanted . Whenever their passions become inflamed they resort to violence , and then they cannot turn to the law so they make up these fantastic tales . Call it anything you want , but this is an age-old story . Call it anything you want , but this is an age-old story . I 've heard that . Let me see ifwe can find your Eladio Buente . Excuse me . - Excuse me . - Can I helpyou ? I 'm Agent Dana Scully with the fbi . - I 'm investigating the death ofamigrant worker . - Juan orJuanita ? - I 'm sorry ? - Doe . A man or a woman ? A woman named Maria Dorantes . I need to determine a cause ofdeath ... in order to close out an investigation . It sounds vaguely familiar , but I don 't think I 've been able to get to heryet . I 'm a medical doctor . Ifyou show me the body , I can examine it myself . It 's in the fridge . I don 't think he 's going anywhere . [ Coroner ] That 'sher . Oh , my God . Thismustbehim . Why is he segregated like this ? [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Speaking Spanish ] He said the other detainees were giving him a hard time , causing trouble . They don 't want to go near him . [ Chuckles ] - They think he 's the Chupacabra . - That may be . I will tell you with a tremendous degree ofcertainty this guy is not Erik Estrada . Buente ! [ Speaking Spanish ] Ask him ifhe killed Maria Dorantes . - [ Speaking Spanish ] - No ! [ Speaking Spanish ] - What 'd he say ? - " I didn 't do it . " - Ask him what happened . - [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Lozano Translating ] There was anoiselike thunder , but very close . Then there was lightning , verybright . Itblindedme . I fell to the ground . Andthen lfelt thehotrain fallonme . Andwhen lfinally couldopenmy eyesandsee , I saw the dead goat . And then I saw Maria- - Maria . She calledmyname ... once . She was lying inapuddle ofyellowrain . Something had eaten at her face . Andlheldherin myarms , andthenshe died . And then I got up , and I ran screaming . [ Shouts ln Spanish ] This guy is better than Erik Estrada . [ People Chattering ln Spanish ] [ All Shouting ln Spanish ] What 's gonna happen to him ? He 'll get his 45 seconds before the judge and placed on a southbound bus . - Is there anyway to delay that ? - Whywould you do that ? - To solve an unexplained death . - I think the fbi 's got better things to do . Fileyour paperwork . By the time they process it , he 'll probably be back here anyway . - Put him in the front . - Come on . Up front . [ Man ] Okay , vamos . Let 'sgo . [ Horn Honking ] [ Horn Honking ] - DidyoufindEladio Buente ? - Yeah , I found him . Did he confess to the murder of Maria Dorantes ? Not exactly , no . Did he tell you what happened ? Flash oflight , yellow rain . " Maria ! Maria ! " He didn 't kill her , Mulder . I examined the body of Maria Dorantes , and I believe that her cause ofdeath was natural , albeit strange . - Sheseems tohavesuccumbed toamassive fungalinfection . - A fungus ? Aspergillus , according to the coroner . It 's a mold that 's found in dead leaves , compost , even household dust . - And it can kill ? - Not normally . It 's very common and harmless . - You don 't think that 's weird ? - Aspergillus can be lethal ... to people with immunodeficiencies ... like AI DS patients and transplant recipients . Ifoundhigh levels ofmethylbromide inherbloodworkup . It 's a pesticide that 's used for soil sterilization- - highly toxic . Now , I think thatherbody wassoravagedbypesticides ... that a normally benign fungus may have compromised herwhole immune system . Still doesn 't explain the flash oflightning and theyellow rain ... and EI Chupacabra . Mulder , I know you don 't want to hear this . I think the aliens in this story are not the villains . They 're the victims . Lookat that . [ People Shouting ln Spanish ] Mulder . - [ Man # 1 ] Beright there . - [ Man # 2 ] Allright . [ Chatter , indistinct ] What does it look like ? This man died ofsystemic shock brought on bywhat appears to be another fungal infection . The same fungus that killed Maria Dorantes ? No . It looks dissimilar . I don 't know what this is . Its speed and its aggressiveness are frightening . The infection 's covered 90 % ofhis body , Mulder , through both layers ofskin . - Did you find him ? - We were able to run down most ofthe people who escaped . But Eladio Buente wasn 't among them . No one knows where he ran ? - Agent Lozano , this is my partner , Agent Scully . - Hi . They all ran the otherway , away from EI Chupacabra , the man they say is responsible for this tragedy . Eladio Buente didn 't kill this man . He didn 't kill anybody . - I 'm not so sure about that . - This is the work ofa pathogen ofa highlyvirulent strain . I 'm not questioning that , but right now Eladio Buente is the only connection we have ... to this death and the death of Maria Dorantes . Which is why I need you to spare any manpoweryou can to try to find him . Manpower ? We don 't have the resources to go chasing after one poor illegal . Mulder , whateveryouhope tolearn by finding thisman , we have to first make a definitive classification ofthe fungi from the victims . I need to isolate it , and I need to get a sample to a mycologist . Good . You should do that while Agent Lozano and I try to find EI Chupacabra . [ Speaking Spanish ] - [ BelIRings ] - Senor ? - Senor ? - What doyou want ? You want togoback ? Estas loco ? We haul muchabasura with that truck . What makes you think we haul it back ? How long haveyou been in this country ? [ Speaking Spanish ] Aqui es America , youdumb wet . Truck stop at dusk . No dinero , no ride . - Comprende ? - Si . - Dinero . - Dinero . [ Chattering ] The truck 's here ! Construction workers . Dos . - [ Indistinct ] - [ Speaking Spanish ] Okay , two ofyou . You two , get in the back . Let 's go . I only need two , amigo . Dos . Hey , outta the truck . I got work to do . - Hey , whereareyougoing ? - [ Indistinct ] You 'llhave to do . [ Man ] Whatyou 're lookingat , AgentScully , is themostubiquitous fungalspore known tomankind- - derma tuffatosis . Athlete 's foot ? One ofthe great survivors of countless extermination efforts . Historically underrated and unfairly overshadowed by the ever-popular cockroach . Our body has natural defenses against this kind ofinvasion . Even in the absence ofan immuno response , a fungi like this one- - or the aspergillus sample I gaveyou- - don 't they need the right environment to multiply ? Yes , unless theyhavehelp . - What 's this ? - It 'san enzyme lisolated from bothyourspecimens . That 's about all I can tell ya . It 's unlike any enzyme I 've ever seen . So it 's not the fungi but the enzyme that kills . Acting as a catalyst , as an accelerant . Letmeshowyou . This ispecunia graminus , blackstem rust . It 'sbeen the cause ofa fairlycontainable crop blighthere in the valley . Oh , my God . Imustsay , ifthis were to getoutinto the environment , derma tuffatosismightgive the cockroacharun foritsmoney . Hmm ? [ MenSpeaking Spanish ] He was here , all right . They say he got into a truck ofa foreman named Culver . Story 's out . Oh , yeah . I told you , these people love their stories . It 's the one thing that keeps them from going mad ... when they 're out there standing on the street corner all daywaiting forwork . - So they really don 't think he 's the Chupacabra ? - No , they 're certain ofit . - Did you tell them about the fungal infection ? - Yeah , theywouldn 't listen . They are only interested in what will become of Eladio Buente . - What will become ofhim ? - When his brother finds him- - - He 'll kill him . - Yes , probably . A man cannot live with vengeance in his heart . So we gotta find him first . My mother used to say that blood should be left to cleanse itself . God curses the man who stands between two brothers . Well , in this case , He 'll curse the man who doesn 't . Senor ? Senor ? [ Speaking Spanish ] SenorCulver ? [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Man ] Eladio Buente . Eladio ? [ Squeaks ] Eladio Buente . [ Tires Squealing ] [ Shouting ln Spanish ] [ Eladio ] Gabrielle ! Gabrielle ! Eladio ! - Mulder , it 's me . - Hey , Scully , where areyou ? The state university bio department . Mulder , listen to me . I thinkyou 're right . - I think Eladio Buente is responsible for those deaths . - Responsible how ? By spreading an enzyme produced bywhat appears to be a new strain ofconidial fungi . - How 's he spreading it ? - My guess is by touch . Now , I saw this man , Scully . He was unaffected . He could bejust a carrier then , a kind ofTyphoid Mary . - You 're saying it 's a new strain ? - Yes . It is extremely important thatyou not come into direct contact with this fungus . - You must not inhale it . You must not touch it . - Lozano , careful , man . Scully , I 've been thinking . I know that 's dangerous , butjust bearwith me . These fortean transients- - what the woman described- - they could have been caused by an object falling at a high rate ofspeed ... creating a sonic boom and a flash oflight astronomers call a bolide . - A bolide ? - Created by a meteorite ... or a piece of extra-planetarium material , ofwhich 2,000 tons falls to the earth every day . This yellow rain- - Space debris could have fallen in a nearby lake , superheating the water and sending it skyward , which would mean this is alien . - I think this is beside the point right now . - Oh , and the fungus- - Let me work on the fungus . Whatyou need to do is to find the man who may be spreading it . Okay . Soyou got your own stories too , huh ? Hey , it 's EI Barbero . Hey , Lozano , lhearyou 're lookin forthe Chupacabra . For a modest fee , I can tell you where he might be found . [ Eladio Coughing ] [ Coughing ] - Eladio ! - [ Grunts ] [ Lozano ] Stop ! Don 't touch him . [ All Shouting ln Spanish ] Hey ! [ Horn Honking ] I lost him . [ MulderGroaning ] More goats . Agent Lozano , how does this man keep eluding us ? These people are invisible . You look at them and you don 't see them . Just workers , cheap labor to pick crops and clean houses . To most people , they 're aliens in the true sense ofthe word . - EI Chupacabra . EI Chupacabra . - Calm down . - Calm down . - Chupacabra . Can a man do this ? Can Eladio Buente do this ? Eladio , he went to his cousin Gabrielle 's house asking for money . - When ? - Today . He said he killed nobody . But Soledad , he went to Gabrielle 's house trying to kill Eladio . Calm down . [ KnockAtDoor ] - Quien es ? - [ Lozano ] Gabrielle Buente ? This isAgentLozano , l.N.S. Open up . - Where is he ? - Que ? Don 't give meyour " que . " You know who . - Where is he , Eladio ? - He is not here . I would not let Eladio Buente in here . Please , you must believe me . [ Scully ] Maybeyoushouldcheck theback . What about his brother , Soledad ? No . He is not here ! No one is here ! I 'm alone . Haveyou seen either ofthem ? Si . But I 'm afraid because ofwhat they say about Eladio . About EI Chupacabra . There is no EI Chupacabra , Gabrielle . Eladio is a very sick man . Ifhe comes here , you must not let him in . Ifhe comes to this door , youmustcall thepolice . Understand ? There 's nobody . I 'm going to be watching you , chiquita . Every move . - Comprendes ? - Si . - I think weshouldholdupaminute . - Forwhat ? Something 's going on here . Hey , Jose , this ain 't no restaurant ! You knowyou have to pay for all that . Hey , what thehell doyou think you 're doing ? Comebackhere ! Hey , you 'regonna have to clean thatup . Hey ! Hey , you 'regonna have to clean thatup . Hey ! - That 's our man . - Eladio Buente ? No . That 's his brother , Soledad . - [ Phone Ringing ] - Bueno ? - Eladio ? - Si , Gabrielle . Eladio ? Eladio ! [ Speaking Spanish ] SoledadBuente . Stop ! Stop ! - [ Scully ] Dropyou weapon ! [ Mulder ] Drop thegun ! - [ Speaking Spanish ] - [ Scully ] Putitdown ! Now ! - [ Speaking Spanish ] - [ Mulder ] Dropit ! - [ LozanoShouting ] [ Both Speaking Spanish ] Eladio ! [ Screaming ln Spanish ] Mulder . - [ SoledadSobbing ] - He 's been here . - [ Knocking ] - [ Gabrielle ] Quien es ? - Eladio . - Eladio ? No . No . [ Screaming ] No ! [ Screaming ] No ! Eladio ? Eladio Buente ? He is not here . He 's gone . - Gone where ? - To Mexico , where he can hide his terrible face . - How 's he gonna get to Mexico ? - I gave him all my money . - You gave him your money ? - Yes , because I wasafraid . I was afraid EI Chupacabra will kill me too . What can I say ? [ Mulder ] Howare wegonna findthisman ? Good luck . I 'm gonna go process the brother . Youknow whatshesaid aboutEladio Buente , abouthis face ? I don 't know what to believe . These people love their stories . Mulder , he could be anywhere right now . Ifhe were to enter a metropolitan area with what he 's carrying- - - He won 't . - Ifhe 's going to Mexico- - Ifthis man really thinks he killed Maria Dorantes , he won 't be going to Mexico . - Then where is he going ? - The same place Lozano and Eladio 's brother are going . - He 'sgone to facehisbrother . - I don 't understand . " God curses a man who stands between two brothers . " Getonyourcellphoneand havea Haz-Mat team assembled . Eladio Buente , come on out ! - Be a man and faceyour brother . - Madre de Dios . Eladio , no ! [ Speaking Spanish ] [ Gunshot ] [ Whispering ln Spanish ] He believed in EI Chupacabra . They came from thesky . More Chupacabras ... coming to save Eladio . I slammed the door and prayed ... that theywould not come to kill me too . What will happen to Soledad ? He was taken up by a Chupacabra . He will suffer for his treachery . He 'smade tosuck theblood ... ofonly thesick anddyinggoats ... when the Chupacabra comes to feed . - That 's not what Gabriella said . - Whatdoes Gabriellaknow ? I was there . I saw it with my own eyes . Gabriella said that she lied to la fbi ... so that her cousin , Eladio , might live . Butlamigra Lozanoknew thatSoledadcouldnotlive with vengeanceinhisheart . - [ Yells ln Spanish ] - [ Gunshot ] Turn around and face the man whose loveyou killed ! YoukilledMaria ... because she wouldn 't loveyou . Because her heart belongs to only one man . Don 't make me shootyou in the back , Eladio . Turn ! Seemytears ! - Turn around like a man ! - No . [ Gabrielle ] " Shoot . Shoot ! " Iamigrashouted . But Soledad began to cry . " No . No ! " cried Soledad . " I cannot shoot my brother . He is mybrother . My flesh , myblood . " - Shoot him ! He 's EI Chupacabra ! - Shoutedlamigra . - You cannot let him go ! - " He is a goat sucker , and he must be killed ! " Soledad , he could not kill Eladio ... because he knew I would never forgive him . - [ Speaking Spanish ] - No ! No ! - Lamigra Lozano ... tried to pull the gun from Soledad 's hand , calling him a coward ! - " No ! He is mybrother ! " Andthegun wentoff ! - [ Gunshot ] Bang ! Bang ! Lamigra Lozano fell dead . Perono . La migra Lozano ... brought Soledad to kill Eladio ... so that he would not be cursed . So God ... cursed Soledad for his treachery ... andturnedhim into ... EI Chupacabra likehisbrother . No . Together they run ... to Mexico . - EI Chupacabra ? - [ Scully ] Yes , sir . Frankly , I 'm confused by this story . [ Mulder ] ldon 'tblameyou . We can 't exactly explain it ourselves , sir . At any rate , we arrived just after the Haz-Mat team . They establishedaperimeter thensecuredthearea . An eyewitness was found , buthertestimony was questionable . [ Scully ] The Haz-Mat team wereable to contain the fungal infection within the camp . No othercasualties were reported . We foundno othertraces oftheacceleratingenzyme . [ Mulder ] Excepton thebodyofAgentLozano . We foundhim deadat thescene withabullet woundto the chest . And with the fungal infection already starting to eat away at him . - What happened to the brothers ? - [ Scully ] They werenowhere tobe found . Lozano 's revolver turnedup tenmilesaway ... nearthe carofaman known locallyas EI Barbero . [ Mulder ] Apparently , thebrothers paid thisman foraride to Mexico , but they didn 'tget very far . So these men are still at large carrying a highly contagious fungus ... that can kill a man in his tracks ? It 's not a fungus , sir . Actually , it 's an enzyme ... to which the brothers had an abnormal tolerance . And which came from what I believe to be an anti-enzyme gene . - This enzyme came from where ? - Outer space , sir . [ Sighs ] So this is the story you 're asking me to report ? You would thinkwith the resources we have , we 'd be able to find these men . I 'm not hearing a good explanation why this hasn 't happened . Well , sir , they , um- - They have a way of ... being almost invisible . [ Mulder ] The truth is , nobody cares . [ Siren Wailing ] Monongahela . We 're en route with a male cardiac , age 62 . E.T.A. in 1 2 . [ Woman ] Copy . E.T.A. in 1 2 . Crash unit standing by . How 's he looking , Leonard ? - [ MonitorBeeping ] - Up to his ass in alligators . - [ Beeping Erratically ] - [ Man Gasping ] - Is he going into arrest ? - No , he 's not . [ Gasping Continues ] [ Air Hisses ] - What did you do ? - Aspirated his chest . He has a tension pneumothorax pressing on his heart . It looked like a cardiac . - Nice catch . Howdidyouknow ? - Because he 's dying ofcancer . It 'salreadyeaten through onelung . That 'samazing . Howdidyouknow , Leonard ? [ Moaning ] Leonard ? Leonard ? Leonard ? [ Gasps ] Oh , God . Leonard . [ Thump ] [ Thump ] - Hello ? - [ Thump ] Pretty cozy . Who 'd everwant to leave ? Well , whoever happened to get locked in here last night , I guess . Well , that would be one Leonard Morris Betts , age 34 . But it should probably be noted that when Mr. Betts arrived here last night , he was sans head . He was decapitated when his ambulance crashed . He was an emergency medical technician for this hospital . A very good one , apparently . A slew ofcommendations . - Write-ups in the local paper . - What about the morgue attendant ? Somebody coldcocked him and stole his clothes . He didn 't see who . No alarms tripped , no sign ofa break-in . - It 's weird , huh ? - Mulder , what are we doing here ? Did I mention that Mr. Betts had no head ? Yes . So ? I mean , you 're not suggesting that a headless body ... kicked its way out of a latched morgue freezer ? Areyou ? Because it 's obvious this is some kind ofattempt at a cover-up . - Meant to conceal what ? - My guess , body snatching for profit . There 's a shortage ofteaching cadavers at medical schools . An unscrupulous medical supplier might pay top dollar , no questions asked . But why take a headless one and leave top-dollar bodies behind ? - [ DoorOpening ] - Sir ? Those videograbsyouaskedfor . We found something . These are from the emergency room camera , taken at 4 : 1 3 this morning . There 'syourperpetrator , wearing thestolen uniform . Unfortunately , you can 't see very much on these . What 's- - What 's all this stuffhere ? Badvideo . Thesecuritysystem isn 'texactlystate-of-the-art . Ifthis is our guy , what did he do with the corpse he stole ? Well , maybe he got spooked and was forced to abandon it . We combed the facility . Where could he hide a bodywhere it couldn 't be found ? I 'll showyou . Allhospitals operatesome form ofmedical wasteprocessing . This unit disposes ofsurgical remains : amputations , excised tumors . They 're ground up and heated with microwaves , and the result is a sterile soot that 's used as road fill . Well , then there 's probably nothing there for us to find . That depends how often they dispose oftheirwaste . Hopefully , only once every few days . We 're in luck . Areyou sure about this , Scully ? ' Cause ifyou 're not sure , I don 't see ... that there 's any reason to disturb all this stuffjust- - Mulder , I 'm gonna need your help . Your arms are longer . Oh . I think I got the toy surprise . - Leonard Betts . - That 's his head . Where 's his body ? There 's not enough room in here . Maybe he didn 't dispose ofthe body . Maybe he got it out ofhere somehow . Well , why 'd he take the time to dispose ofthe head ? I don 't know . Maybe there 's an answer here . Something you should check out . We know how he died , in an automobile accident . What more is there to know ? Maybe nothing , but it 's all we got to go on right now . You should see ifyou can find a place whereyou can examine Betts ' head . - Whileyou do what ? - Check out his house . We know how he died . I want to see how he lives . - Lived . - Lived . Case number 226-897 . Leonard Betts . Remains are incomplete , all observations refer to a decapitated head . Weight , 1 0.9 pounds . Remains show no signs ofrigor mortis or fixed lividity . Nor do the corneas appear clouded , which would seem inconsistent with the witnessed time ofdeath , now ... 1 9 hours ago . I 'll begin with the intermastoid incision and frontal craniotomy , then make my examination ofthe brain . Oh ! God ! - [ Man ] Which one ? - [ Mulder ] This onehere . [ KeysJingling ] - Thanks . I 'll lock up . - Okay . [ Phone Ringing ] - Mulder . - [ Scully ] It 's me . - Mulder . - [ Scully ] It 's me . Uh , I 've run into kind of a unique situation here . - What 'd you find ? - So far , not much . I did a PET scan on Leonard Betts ' remains . Actually four times now . And each time the images come out degraded , uh , like it 's fogged somehow . - Like the security footage . - This is cutting-edge technology here . The technicians say the machine is working perfectly . They also say the only thing that could account for this image distortion ... is some form ofradiation . But I don 't see how orwhere it could be emanating from . What did your examination uncover ? Well , l- - I haven 't exactly performed an examination yet . - Why not ? - Well , because I , uh- - I experienced an unusual degree ofpostmortem galvanic response . The head moved . It blinked at me . I mean , I know exactlywhat it is . It 's residual electrical activity stored chemically in- - in the dead cells . Blinked orwinked ? - [ Sighs ] - You 're afraid to cut into it . Scully , you 're not saying that- - that- - that it 's alive , areyou ? No . I am certainly not saying that at all . But has it crossed your mind that it 's not quite dead , either ? - What doyou mean ? - I 'm standing here in Betts ' apartment . Whoeverwe saw in those video grabs , his clothes are strewn all over the floor . Made himselfat home . Maybe he was home . - Leonard Betts . - Yeah . - Without his head . - Yeah . Mulder , I don 't even know how to respond to that . I 'm gonna call the P.D. and have them put the building under surveillance ... just in case whoever it is comes back . I 'll be in touch . Michele ? Michele Wilkes ? - Yes ? - I 'm Fox Mulder . I 'm with the F.B.I. You 're the person responsible for the disposition of Leonard Betts ' remains . He didn 't have any family . No friends either , as far as I could tell . - Exceptyou . - I liked him . But I wasn 't really his friend . He didn 't let people get that close . I 'm not sure I could call myselfhis partner . Mostly I stayed out ofhis way . - What doyou mean ? - Leonard was an amazing technician . He could diagnose illness better than any doctor I 've ever seen . You know how they say some people can look atyou and tell you what 's wrong ? - Mm-hmm . - Leonard could do that . Especiallywith cancer . I told him he should have been an oncologist . He used to volunteer at the cancerward . Read to patients , stufflike that . Did you ever notice anything about him ? Anything odd ? No . Well , he never got sick . That was pretty amazing , doing what we do . - He was the picture ofhealth . - Was he ever injured on thejob ? No . Never . I mean , until- - - Oh , yeah . - I 'm sorry . I-l don 't know what all this has to do with someone stealing Leonard 's body . I mean , it almost sounds likeyou 're investigating Leonard . No , no . Thanks for bearing with my questions . I appreciateyour time . This procedure is called biopolymerization . It 's basically a high-tech mummification process . The remains are dipped in the epoxy , and once it 's cured , the specimen can be sliced for examination . Oryou gotyourself a nice paperweight . At any rate , we should have some autopsy answers foryou soon . I 'm starting with an anterior slice from your Mr. Betts , one favoring the frontal lobe . - Well , this is certainly strange . - What ? There 's something wrong with the image ? In a manner ofspeaking . Here , see foryourself . Oh , myGod . His entirebrain looks like onegiantglioma . - He had cancer ? - He was riddled with it . Everycellin thesample . Everycell , essentially , in his entire head and brain was all cancerous- - it 's completely pervasive . - Could you live in this condition ? - Live ? This man would have been dead before reaching such a metastatic stage . How doyou explain it ? Maybe the polymerization process distorted the sample somehow . Maybe we 'renotreallyseeing what we think we 'reseeing . Mmm . Maybe we 'rejust seeing it clearly for the first time . What areyou suggesting ? Let 's get a slice to go . [ Woman ] Monongahela , 1-3-6enroute withamalenotresponding to C.P.R. Pleaseadvise . Dispatch , somebodypick up , please . Allegheny Catholic , 2-0-8 . Iknow you 're up toyourass inalligators , - butyourpatientmaybeinshock . - Michele ? - Leonard ? - Treat withpoint threemilligrams ... - epinephrineautoinjector . - Let 's go here . Michele ! Come on ! [ Woman On Radio ] Hey , that seems tobe working . Goodcall , 208 . - Thanks forthe tip . - [ Man On Radio ] Gladlcouldhelp . Oh , wow . I 've neverworked with a sample ofhuman tissue before . What exactlywereyou looking to find ? - I 'll tell you ifwe find it . - Excellent . Areyou ever asked to defend this as a legitimate scientific process , Doctor ? Only ifyou 're not happy with the results . Chuck didsome ofthepioneering work in Kirlianphotographyin the U.S. Although lpreferthe umbrella term " auraphotography . " Basically , by applying high-frequency electricity , I am able to photograph an organism 's coronal discharge . - Coronal discharge ? - Coronal discharge . Life force . The Chinese call it chi . It 's an accepted fact in most Eastern cultures . And the theoretical basis ofholistic medicine , ofacupuncture . But what is its application here ? It may account for the fogging ofyour PET scan of Leonard Betts ' head . You know , with this equipment , I have been able to capture phantom images ... ofwhole leaves that were cut in half , or the vestigial image ofa lizard 's tail long after it 's been cut off . Which you have to admit is pretty cool . It looks like we got somethin ' here . Oh , yeah . Now , I don 't know exactlywhat you 're looking for , but- - Oh , yeah . There 's definitely somekindofenergyhappenin 'here . Chuck , would you believe that this man 's head had been decapitated ? [ Laughs ] Oh , come on . No way . Way . Are we happy with the results ? I don 't know , Scully , but those sure as hell look like shoulders to me . I don 't even know how to explain that photo , or even what it proves . - What ifit proves Betts is alive . - Mulder ! You said that Betts ' tissue was riddled with cancer . Now , what is cancer but normal cells growing rapidly out ofcontrol , usually caused by some damage to their DNA ? I don 't know whereyou 're going with this . What ifthere was a case where the cancerwas not caused by damaged DNA ? Where the cancerwas not a destructive or an aggressive factor , but was rather the normal state ofbeing ? Even ifthat were possible , he 's been decapitated . What ifthis man 's life force , his chi , whateveryou want to callit , retained ablueprintoftheactualmanhimself , guiding rapid growth , not as cancer , but as regeneration . You think that Leonard Betts regrew his head ? The fluid that I found in Betts' bathtub was povidone-iodine . It 's used by researchers on reptiles and amphibians to aid regeneration . We both know that salamanders have grown entirely new limbs- - regenerated . Salamanders are one thing , but no mammal possesses that regenerative power . There isn 't a creature walking this earth that can regrow its head . Worms . You cut a worm in half , you get two . Mulder , they 're worms . I 'm just saying it 's not unheard ofin nature , that 's all . Unheard ofor not , someone is going to great lengths to dispose ofevidence . Well , maybe Betts is trying to protect his secret . [ Phone Rings ] Scully . Yeah . Okay . Great . Thanks . Well , apparently Leonard Betts did have some secrets . One ofthem being that he had an alter ego named Albert Tanner . Who ? I had Danny run the fingerprints . Two names came up . The second one was Albert Tanner , but unlike Leonard Betts , Albert Tanner has a living relative , Elaine Tanner , his mother , whojust happens to live here in Pittsburgh . Hmm . [ DoorbelIRings ] - Elaine Tanner ? - Yes . I 'm Agent Scully . This is Agent Mulder . We 're with the F.B.I. - Oh . What can I do foryou ? - Is your son Albert Tanner ? We 'd like to askyou some questions . Please excuse me for one second . I 've got something on the stove . Scully . - Mrs. Tanner , is this your son ? - Yes . That 's Albert . We know this man as Leonard Betts . Areyou familiarwith that name ? - No . - You know ifyour son used other names ? Why areyou asking me about him ? Mrs. Tanner , areyou aware that your son has recently died ? What doyou mean , " recently " ? When did your son die ? Sixyears ago . He was killed in an automobile accident . Why ? Would it be possible to get the death certificate or some verification ? Ofcourse . - Confused yet ? - Yeah . Excuse me . I 'm- - I 'm looking for an E.M.T. , the man driving unit 208 . The new guy . Yeah . 208 's over there . Hejust went offshift , butyou might catch him . Thanks . [ Radio Dispatch Chatter ] Leonard ? Leonard ? Oh , my God . It can 't be . How can it be ? Leonard , is ityou ? Hey , Michele . It 's okay . It 's okay . [ Breathing Unevenly ] I just wish you hadn 't found me , that 's all . What areyou talking about ? Leonard ? - I 'm sorry . - [ Gasping ] I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . [ Man ] Hey ! You there ! Holdit ! Come back here ! Stop whereyou are ! Stay there . You son ofa bitch . Ronny ? Oh , pick up , man . - [ Man On Radio ] Go ahead . - We got a situation in the parking lot . This guyjust attacked some woman . She 's upat the ambulanceparkingarea . You 'dbettergeta doctor rightaway . [ CrackingSound ] I 'mgonna check on thatguy . [ Radio Dispatch Chatter ] Siskel or Ebert ? What 's thestory ? Michele Wilkes was murdered , but we wouldn 't know that ... - ifthe guard hadn 't witnessed it . - Why is that ? I found a spent autoinjector in the grass . She was given a lethal dose ofpotassium chloride . It 's an electrolyte ... found naturally in the body , and a coroner doesn 't usually check for it . Betts was here , Scully . She must have discovered that , and then he had to kill her to protect his secret . Well , the security guard did l.D. him as her attacker . He worked as an E.M.T. , but his coworkers said his name was Truelove . Doyou know how this man escaped ? He tore offhis thumb , because he knew he could regrow another one . Mulder , itjust doesn 't work that way . Is it unimaginable ? ls Betts ' ability to regenerate any greater a leap forward ... than our ancestors ' ability to communicate or to walk upright ? But language , evolution- - it 's a process ofsteps , not leaps . Recent evolutionary theory would disagree . What scientists call punctualism or punctual equilibrium , it theorizes that evolutionary advances are cataclysmic , not gradual . That evolution occurs not along a straight graphable line , but in huge fits and starts , and that the unimaginable happens in the gaps- - the gap between what we are and what Leonard Betts has become . But whatyou 're describing is someone so radically evolved ... thatyou wouldn 't even call him human . Well , on the other hand , how evolved can a man be who drives a Dodge Dart ? Oh , myGod . " Myeloid sarcoma , epithelial carcinoma . " These are all cancerous tumors . This is surgical waste tagged for disposal . - What doyou think he wanted with them ? - You may not want to know . Scully , there 's a great possibility that Leonard Betts not only is cancer- - But that he needs it for survival ? - So , you 're saying that this is- - - Snack food . I mean , wouldn 't it make sense that- - that evolution , or natural selection , would incorporate cancer , the greatest health threat , as our genetic makeup ? Why do I think that Charles Darwin is rolling in his grave ? Askyourself , why is Leonard Betts an E.M.T. ? Why does he regularlyvisit cancerwards ? Access . The car 's registered to one Elaine Tanner , 31 08 Old Bank Road . - Betts ' mom . - Doyou think Mom knows ... her dead son is tooling around in her car ? Elaine Tanner ? We have a warrant to search the premises . Mrs. Tanner , we knowyour son is alive and thatyou 're in contact with him . You need to tell us where we can find him . Last night , he murdered a woman in cold blood . By lying to protect him , you are considered an accessory to murder . Canyou tellme whatyouuse this for ? It 'saprettybigbottle . You get a lot ofcuts ? When my son was eightyears old , there were two boys who picked on him because he was different . Hejust ignored them . He knew he was better than theywere . One day they cornered him walking home , beat him up . He didn 't even try to fight back , just lay there , taking the blows . So , I don 't believeyou when you tell me he killed anyone . But ifhe did , he had his reasons . What reasons , Mrs. Tanner ? God put him here for a purpose . God means for him to stay , even ifpeople don 't understand . And that 's all I 've got to say . [ TV . : SportsAnnouncers Chattering ] [ PooIBalls Clicking ] [ Announcer ] To the corner . Twelve-footer . It 'sgood ! - Tigers tieit ! - [ Coughing ] [ Coughing Continues ] [ Coughing ] Excuseme . I 'm sorry , butyou 've got something I need . Excuse me . Scully ? - Find something ? - No sign , not even a sock.Just this . - A receipt for a storage locker . - The keywith the number 1 1 2 on it . - Let 's check it out . - Mm-hmm . [ Grunting ] [ Groaning ] [ Screaming ] [ Screams ] Scully . [ CarEngineStarting ] Mr.John Gillnitz , death from massivebloodloss ... due to what I can only describe as a skillful removal ofhis left lung . - It 's Betts . - Doing what ? Guaranteed , Scully . This man 's medical records will show he had lung cancer . - And Betts was in need ofwhat he had . - How would he have known that ? His partner told me he had an exceptional ability to diagnose cancer . Maybe his need provided a heightened sense . Well , whatever he was doing , he 's taking the secret to his grave . Yeah , for the second time . Mulder , Leonard Betts is dead . Ofthat I am absolutely certain , and he is not coming back . - You 'd have said the same about Tanner . - I don 't understand . Sixyears ago Albert Tanner dies in a car accident . His mother buries him . Several days ago , the same man shows up as Leonard Betts . Explain that to me . Obviously , someone 's lying . Maybe the first death was staged . You want to bet on that ? Ugh . Will the real Leonard Betts please stand up ? Mulder , these men may be no more than monozygotic twins . I don 't think so , Scully . I thinkwhat we 're standing witness to here ... goes way beyond the regeneration of a thumb or a limb , or even a new head . Mulder , I don 't know whatyou 're getting at here . Regeneration ofan entire body ? I don 't know why I 'm listening . Because I think that the fiery crash that killed this man was a decoy ... and that this man lying here is still at large . I 'm scared , honey . The F.B.I.- - They seem to know all aboutyou . They dug up the coffin . They found your friend . I don 't think they 're ever going to leaveyou alone . And you 're weak . You have to restoreyour strength . You know whatyou have to do . - [ Whimpers ] - I 'm your mother . And it 's a mother 's duty to provide . [ Moans ] Ifthis man really exists , what makes you think he 'd come back here ? The only person connected with Betts who knows his secret is his mom . Ifwe 're gonna get him , it 'll be through her . [ Siren Wailing ] [ Siren Continues ] - Get out ofthe truck ! - Federal agents ! Get out ofthe truck ! Whoa ! Whoa ! What the hell ? - What areyou doing here ? - Wegota call . Elderlywoman with massive chest trauma and blood loss . 31 08 Old Bank . - Believeme , that 'sall weknow ! - Stay here . Mulder , get the E.M.T.s up here ! Guys , getinhere ! She has an open wound . A surgical cut . Three guesses what was removed . He did this toher , andthenhe calledanambulance . Judging by the response time , he might still be here . Betts is gone . He must have taken offon foot . Well , she 's gonna be okay , Mulder . She 's not out ofthe woods , but I thinkwe might be able to get where he went out ofher . You staywith her . I 'll call local P.D. and have them cordon offthe area . Okay . This is Mulderwith the F.B.I. I 've got an emergency situation in progress . I need all units to 31 08 Old Bank Road . I 'm searching for a murder suspect . [ Radio Dispatch Chatter ] Mulder , it 's me . We 've got Mrs. Tanner going into the E.R. , but she took a downturn en route . They defibrillated her to try and get her heart back , but there 's no chance ofgetting anything cogent from her . Not tonight , anyway . Whataboutonyourend ? We 're going house to house here . That 's the only thing I can think to do . We 've got a chopper coming , but I 'd say Betts has a good chance ofgetting away . Ifhe steals a car or gets a ride , he could get away for good . Imeanhe obviously worked this thingoutpretty well , Scully , so ifthere 's anything you can get out of Mrs. Tanner tonight , anything at all , at thispoint we don 'thave much else togo on . Mulder , get over here right now . - What ? - Get over here right now . Oh ! I 'm sorry . Butyou 've got something I need . [ Grunting ] [ DefibrillatorTurns On ] Oh , my God . Let 's get a crash cart . [ Moans Softly ] They pronounced Betts ten minutes ago . - He 's dead ? - As near as anyone can tell . His mom 's alive , due to the fact that Betts dressed herwounds so carefully . She 's gonna pull through , at least for the present . - Cancer . - Yeah . Uh ... " metastatic rabdomyo sarcoma , " to be precise . She was treated for it previously . Got a clean bill ofhealth about three months ago . You did a goodjob , Scully . You should be proud . I want to go home . [ Coughing ] Closed-Captioned By Captions , lnc . Los Angeles
