 Bobby ? Phil . I 've had it with that kid , Patti . I 've already talked to him . Yeah , like he ever listens . did you hear me calling your name ? Get up ! what are you doin ' ? You think this is why I go to work every day so you can sit on your ass ? What did I do ? What 'd you do ? You never do anything . That 's the problem . What kind of a loser are you gonna turn out to be ? Put your boots on . you don 't leave my tools out in the rain . Tools are for work . They cost money . All right , I 'll put it away . After you 've finished . Pick it up . I 'm not gonna let your mother watch you grow up to be some kind of a jerk . Fine . I 'll put it away ... Phil . No way . You 'll finish the job . Now . Get away from me ! - Get away from me now ! - Bobby ! Bobby ! Where are you going ? Come back here , Bobby ! I 'm calling you ! Can 't you hear me ? Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ? Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! No . Twelve pounds , nine ounces . All that came out of his stomach ? Most of it . The small amount in his lungs is what killed him . Is it possible that he took the term " mud pie " literally ? I 'm sure if Mr. Rich were alive , he would find some humor in that . According to his police report , Mr. Rich was a man who could tell a joke . He grew up here , worked the same fields for 20 years . Well liked around town . Funny he should turn up murdered . Is that what you concluded ? I have concluded that this man 's head was held forcibly ... Down in the Michigan mud just a little too long , Most likely by his stepson who was named in the report as Bobby rich , age 16 . According to the same report , the coroner had to hire a backhoe ... To remove the body , which was buried completely in a standing vertical position . There is some indication that his stepson may have dug the hole ... And that a recent rainstorm may have helped turn it into a muddy trap . - Some rainstorm . - They say it rained 400 inches a day . Now , that sounds like an exaggeration , don 't you think ? Would you like me to show how he may have done it ? How a 6 ' 4 " , 250-Pound man was buried alive ... In less than five minutes by a 16-Year-Old kid ... Whose classmates lovingly refer to as " dork weed " ? He may have had an accomplice . " Ich bin ein auslander . " " I am an outsider . " When Kennedy told the Germans " ich bin ein Berliner , " He was actually saying " I 'm a cocktail sausage . " Who 's Kennedy ? I 'm not here to accuse you of anything , Bobby . What are you here for , then ? I want to hear your story . I tried to help . I couldn 't . Well , the police aren 't entirely convinced that that 's the truth . So , what the hell am I supposed to do about it ? They want me to confess so they have someone to blame . Right . But , you see , You 're not making it very easy for them to believe otherwise . You understand that ? what can I say ? Everybody knows I hated him . They were real close when Bobby was little . Always kidding around and stuff . But Bobby sort of got into that teenage stage , And he don 't want to listen to nobody . And that came to a head last night ? Phil was late comin ' home . He 'd been stressed out 'cause of the blight and stuff . How do you mean ? The hazelnut trees all got a disease . And ... Bobby don 't help things out with his attitude and stuff . Did Phil instigate what happened ? It 's hard to tell what starts these things . Phil could be stern , just like his own father was to him ... But I never saw him raise his hand . And when I saw him lying in the mud , I half-Expected him to pull me in , like he had planned it or something . Did he ever hurt you ? Phil , he used to get off shoving me around , yeah . Did you ever shove him back ? he 's twice as big as me . That 's why some people thought you might have dug the hole , Or attacked him when he fell in the hole , ' cause he was down there . That 's their problem , isn 't it ? Do you remember what was going through your head at the time ? I guess ... I felt he had it comin ' . He was kneeling over Phil , struggling real hard and stuff . Could you tell that he was definitely trying to help him ? It seemed that way to me . You know , there 's a strong chance ... The police are gonna arrest your son for murder . I don 't see how . But if they do , And if there 's evidence of abuse that you 're not coming forward with , It could hurt his chances . I know everything happens for a reason , But I still don 't see no reason for this . They 're all dying . According to Bobby 's mother , that 's the big reason why her husband blew up . His hazelnut orchard was hit with a blight . So he pounds the kid ? And the kid pounds back . Is that what she told you ? Well , not in so many words . Actually , she won 't admit to any abuse in the house . I suspect she 's just trying to move on and protect what family she 's got left . The kid says his stepfather teed off on him regularly . Is that his excuse ? No , that 's his explanation . He says he 's innocent . What do you think ? I think he 's a hard kid to love . I 'm still finding it hard to reconcile the facts with the physical evidence . Even if he didn 't dig this hole , the disease could have killed root systems , Creating weakened soil . Then how did the victim swallow 12 pounds of this stuff ? Well , when you fight for air , a vacuum is created . And maybe once he sucked down a mouthful of mud , It turned his esophagus into a siphon . And with his head pushed down , it filled all of his passages like a gas can . Well , you asked me for answers . Those are the best ones I 've got . Did you ask if anybody else might be involved ? His mother says that Bobby can 't make friends . He 's been in therapy for his anger since 1995 . That could be me . - What is it ? - Someone 's watching us . Sir ? Hello ? Who was it ? I don 't know . He 's gone . Lisa . What are you doing here ? I called you last night . How come you didn 't call me back ? They 're saying you killed him , Bobby . I finally stood up to him . Psycho ! Think fast . Just get away from me , okay ? Or what ? What are you gonna do , huh ? Maybe I 'll kill you too , huh ? Psycho killer ! See ? All you gotta do is stand up . I 'll see you later , then . Karin Matthews ? yes ? we 're agents Mulder and Scully from the F.B.I. I hope my directions were clear . I 'm a little tucked away . I first worked with Bobby after an incident at school . He 's had difficulty developing relationships , And this difficulty has caused him to act out . In what way ? By putting on certain airs , affecting an attitude ... That has drawn the wrong kind of attention to himself . I 've seen him come in here pretty beaten up . Physical violence ? More than just kid stuff . Was his stepfather ever involved ? I 'm not free to speak with perfect frankness , of course . If you know that Bobby committed a crime , you 're under legal obligation to tell us . Bobby once spilled a glass of milk at dinner . For the next two weeks , he was forced to eat in the cellar . No table , no chair , no light . Sometimes he was left down there until the following morning . You see , there are all sorts of crimes , Not just the ones you might find reason to investigate . So you 're saying Bobby would have good reason to kill his father ? I 'm saying there are some crimes where there are only victims . You 're free not to answer , Miss Matthews , Or you 're free to make these vague allusions , But your evasiveness is only gonna land this kid in jail for a long , long time . I 'm not sure I understand . You make it sound like a justification , Like Bobby did it , and I don 't think he did . Hey , what are you doin ' ? Going home . Well , I , uh- - I waited for you . I thought , uh , we were gonna talk , so- - You scared me today , Bobby . Why ? Was it because I stood up for myself , or , um ... Because I didn 't let them beat me up like usual ? I gotta go . You gotta stand up , Lisa . You gotta tell your dad you 're not gonna put up with this crap . There 's a way ... To make it go away ... forever . What the hell business you got with him ? Nothing . He 's just a friend . I don 't want you seeing that kid . I don 't want him coming round here . Do you hear me ? Stop it , okay ? I 'm doing what 's right for you . Just shut up ! The victim 's name was ... Eugene Baiocchi , 40s . He was a foreman for one of the local growers , a single parent . Did you get a look at the body ? It had already been removed . I think it 's pretty clear what killed him , though . From what they put together , they 've all but concluded he was pushed out the window . - Pushed out ? - His daughter Lisa made the 9-1-1 call at 8 : 08 p.m. She says she and her father had a fight . - About what ? - Bobby . I don 't want you to worry about anything , all right ? I 'll be here for you as much as possible . But they 're going to come and ask you some questions , And the most important thing is that you feel comfortable . If you don 't feel comfortable answering them , then I don 't want you to answer them . Can I have a moment with Lisa ? Was Lisa another of your clients ? Lisa ? Yes , for four years . What were you treating her for ? An eating disorder . Have you asked her what happened ? Isn 't that your job ? We gather that she had a fight with her father over Bobby rich . Well , it doesn 't surprise me . Lisa 's father was very disapproving of her generally , Which stemmed to a lot of her problems . Had you counseled her father ? No . My approach is with the victims solely , To allow them to empower themselves . In what ways ? By breaking the cycle of abuse , By owning it , by confronting it and by standing up against it . It seems to be working . When I told Lisa her aunt was coming to pick her up tomorrow , She started to cry . It wasn 't out of sorrow . Three guesses who followed Lisa home last night ... And was sitting out front in his father 's truck just minutes before this happened . - Does she think Bobby did it ? - She thinks he 's quite capable . I think we 're all quite capable . She says that he also threatened to kill a boy in school yesterday . Come here . Take a look at this . If Lisa 's father was pushed out the window , then all the glass would be on the outside . There 's glass here on the inside . The paint on the mullions is cracked on the outside , not on the inside here . I don 't understand . It seems to me like some facts have been assumed . It looks to me like Lisa 's father was pulled out the window , not pushed . How ? That I don 't know . Well , there 's nowhere to stand . Even if he did use a ladder , there 'd be no leverage . I mean , especially for a scrawny 16-Year-Old kid . That 's my point exactly . Sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . All right , class . There will be a quiz on this tomorrow . - May I help you ? - I 'm sorry to interrupt . I need to ask you to come with us , please . - What for ? - To answer some questions . About what ? I don 't want to have to embarrass you in front of your class . Well , I ain 't embarrassed . I 'm fairly certain this man died from a broken neck . But there was a substantial amount of blood loss , wasn 't there ? Yes , but the cuts all missed the artery . I have x rays if you don 't believe me . It 's the fourth and fifth vertebrae . Have you determined if the neck injury was caused by the fall ? Well , what else would it have been ? Have you seen this ? What do you make of this here ? Oh . Are you satisfied ? No , I 'm not . Mm . Scully . - What is that ? - Evidence . Of what ? Are you just trying to scare him ? No , I think he 's scared enough as it is . Of what ? I 'll help get the rest of your things packed . But I think it 's best you go to your aunt 's as soon as possible . When did she say she was coming ? First thing in the morning . Hey . Feel it . It 's okay . Come on . you never learn . I 'm sorry . Please- - Please just don 't yell . What will you ever amount to ? Stop it . Stop it ! Where are you going ? Up to my room . you 're ruining my life . You hear me ? I wish you 'd never been born . What are you looking for ? That splinter you 're holding came from Mr. Baiocchi 's neck , But it didn 't come from the broken window . Where did it come from ? It 's greenwood . Fresh from a living tree . What ? Excuse me . It 's been a few years . You think that Bobby climbed this tree to pull Lisa 's father out of that window ? It kinda begs the question , doesn 't it ? Hey , Scully , is this demonstration ... Of boyish agility turning you on at all ? Who are you ? I take care of the trees . Scully ? I didn 't expect you to be standing right there behind me . You were watching us the other day in the orchard . The trees are dying . - Scully ! - Maybe you should come down here , Mulder . Do you , uh , know what kind of tree this came from ? Same as this tree . You , uh , said these trees were dying . This splinter 's live wood . twenty years ago this happens . What causes this ? A very bad man . the little snoop . She 's just like you . Where is she ? Ms. Matthews , we 'd like to ask you a few questions . About what ? Your father 's death . We need to clarify a few details . My father ? He died 20 years ago . Yeah , under rather curious circumstances . His body was pulled from the mud of an orchard ? I-I 'm sorry . I was just a young girl , uh- - I don 't know why you want to talk to me . We just thought it was strange that you didn 't bother to mention it . I don 't see that it matters . We spoke to someone who thinks it does , someone who worked for your father . According to the orchard man , your father 's death brought about ... The end of a blight affecting the trees . My father was a powerful man , and powerful men are prone to inspire this kind of fantasy . Don 't tell me you 've been taken in by it too . Is Lisa still staying with you ? No , she 's not . She 's gone to her aunt 's . Look , I 'm sorry I can 't help . Help me ! I 'm down here ! Help ! Lisa . Lisa . Karin ? Karin ! Karin . Karin . Lisa , you 've got to be quiet , Quiet as a mouse , or he 's going to hear you down there . Karin , I 'm scared . Let me out , please . I will , but not until it 's safe . Karin ? Karin , I don 't want to stay down here . Please let me out ! Karin . Mulder , whatever you 're hoping we find here , Without a court order it won 't be admissible . I 'm not expecting it to be . Mulder , where 's the body ? Yes ? I 'm Linda Baiocchi . Lisa 's aunt . Are you Karin ? Yes . - Is Lisa here ? - No . She went- - She 's gone to the bus station . She has ? But it was all arranged . I don 't know what to tell you . I 'm sorry . There must 've been a misunderstanding . help me ! I 'm down here ! don 't leave ! I 'm down here ! Aunt Linda , I 'm down here ! - What are you doing down there ? - Just get me out , please ! Okay . I-It 'll be okay . I 'm gonna call the police . Mulder , you still haven 't answered my question . What happened to Karin 's father ? Why would anybody steal his body ? I don 't think this was an act of grave robbing , Scully . No , that 's what we were doing . More like an act of nature . What do you mean ? The orchard man said that the blight ... That plagues this town was caused by a man , implying a connection . I 'm a little afraid to ask what kind of connection . Between the people of this valley and their livelihood- - The trees . Look at the victims , Scully . Bobby 's father , Lisa 's father- - And Karin 's father 20 years ago . All men who worked in these orchards , their lives and deaths tied to these trees . We removed this sliver of greenwood from Lisa 's father 's neck . And the bruise that you found on Bobby 's father 's ankle could 've been caused by a root , The same root system that pulled Karin 's father from his grave . Mulder , there is a connection between these deaths , One that provides a clear motive and intent . These were abused children . Who couldn 't defend themselves . What , so nature did it for them ? Something did it for them , or someone controlling nature . Karin said she was counseling Bobby and Lisa to empower them . I think we should talk to them . I called Lisa at her aunt 's house 20 minutes ago , and there was no answer . - Then we should talk to Bobby . - Mulder , we 've already questioned him twice . Maybe we haven 't asked him the right question . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Yes , you do . Maybe you hated your stepfather , but you didn 't kill him . You don 't have it in you . That 's good . That 's really good . Can I go now ? No . You can 't go until you tell me the truth . For the first time in your life , people are taking you seriously , And I think they should take you seriously . I think you 're a serious kid . You 're not an outsider anymore , huh ? Yeah . I 'm thinking about running for A.S.B. President . So why don 't you just give it up ? Why don 't you give it up ? Why don 't you tell me what happened that night ? You took the shovel to him , but you couldn 't do it , so you ran . You ran to the orchard , but not because you dug a hole or laid a trap . Because you were afraid . Not of Phil . You weren 't afraid of Phil . Phil never hit you or hurt you in that way . In fact , I think you wanted to help Phil . you wanted to save him . You didn 't want Phil to die , did you ? What were you afraid of ? I couldn 't do it . You couldn 't do what ? I couldn 't stand up to him ... But she made me- - She who ? Ka- - Karin . Karin , she- - She made me , uh- - You 're a loser ! You understand me ? I wish you would have never been born ! You 're ruining my life ! Karin made you what ? She made me say those things . She had me pretend that I was him , That I was Phil . She made you believe you were a victim , but you weren 't , were you ? She said I have the power ... To- - To make it all go away . But I- - But I didn 't mean for him to die . It 's okay . you think you can hide down there ? You think you 're safe ? you 'll wish you were dead . Karin ? Scully , take a look at this . Mulder . Talk about putting down roots . what the hell is going on here ? I think we 're looking at Karin Matthews ' father . But how did he get here ? The same way Bobby 's father got pulled down in that mud . - Mulder , I- - - This has to do with Karin , with her own father 's abuse . It was never Bobby that was locked in the cellar . It was Karin . - Karin caused all this . - You think Karin is the killer ? I think she 's the killer and the victim . Lisa . Where 's Karin ? you 're gonna be okay . You stay with her , Scully . - I need to see Bobby . - I 'm sorry , Bobby 's not here . He 's in danger ! Get away from here , please . Bobby ! He 's not here ! where is he ? Bobby ! Bobby ! Bobby ! - Bobby ! Stay away from me ! I 'm warning you . you 're pathetic . You little piece of garbage . Karin , stop ! - You stay away from him ! - Stand up to him ! Karin deserves what she gets . Make him stop , Karin ! Tell him what you should 've told him 20 years ago . - You 're not gonna take it anymore ! - Karin 's dead . It 's done now . No more . coats grove authorities conducted a detailed examination ... Of the soil and root composition in the rich family orchard , But could not explain what pulled Karin Matthews ' body into the Michigan mud ; Nor could the authorities determine how the body of Karin 's father ... Was pulled from its grave into her root cellar three years earlier . While the forensic data is inconclusive , I believe the explanation lies ... In hospital records dating back to Karin 's childhood , Which suggests she herself was a victim of abuse . Rage , unconfronted , takes its own path . I believe it was Karin 's unconfronted rage ... That forced her to face her buried father . This same rage made her imagine victims in the children around her , Trying to instill in them a strength she never found in herself . What happened to Karin Matthews in the orchard that night was a release , Release for a victim who , unable to face up to her own past , Was finally consumed by it . I made this !
