 previously on Early Edition if that 's the same cat , then I figure all I gotta do is find out about this guy what can I do for you ? I was wondering if I could get a look at the archives Lucius Snow , that 's the fellow 's name , he set the Truman headline a whole day before anybody else knew , he had all the type all set before it happened the past is never over the future never begun that 's what someone said , don 't ask me who , when you think about it , though , it kinda makes sense like yesterday 's dinner , tomorrow 's leftovers , or something like that the thing is , most of us live in the now you know , get up in the morning , brush your teeth , put on your socks , easy until you start getting tomorrow 's news today then , everything changes and nothin ' will ever quite be the same again come on , let 's go to work , we got a newspaper to put out here here 's the president 's visit story you asked for Hanley , you missed your deadline again , no excuses Walman , you put me to sleep again doesn 't anyone write the news around here ? who else is covering the Presidential story ? put a little more slack on that cord is that the new bit ? yeah keep going isn 't bad what 's takin ' so long ? almost there good , ' cause we got 8 more lines to go it 's through , I can feel it what is that ? ok , is that everything ? rent , utilities , clothes ... don 't forget the cat food no , I got the cat food where 's the cat ? what does it come to ? whatever it is , it isn 't enough it is for me man , I have been coming here every month and having to watch you make a budget , a budget when you could have more cash than the Prince of Brunei monks in Tibet make more money than you , it 's starting to drive me crazy well then don 't go oh , no , no , pathetic as it may seen , this is the one time in my life when I know I can actually beat the odds that is pathetic thank you , Marissa morning look , all I 'm suggesting is that we take a more prudent financial approach , say ah , throw in season tickets to the Bulls for a few years , huh ? what is this ? what ? these marks all over the headline so so , it 's a sloppy headline wait a minute , let me see that c 'mon you never give up , do you Chuck ? how do you expect me to bet on horse if I can 't see the race results ? just keepin ' you honest , if that 's not a contradition in terms alright , here 's one , third race at Pemblico , 3-6-2 Trifecta , pays 160 ok , how much we puttin ' down ? here 's 10 , here 's 16 16 bucks , that 's it ? yeah what if we do a little negotiation ? no another grand no my own money do you want me to go ? it 's embarassing what I have to do to help you pay your rent 3-6-2 , don 't get creative on me yeah , yeah , yeah now that your finances are done , what 's next ? I don 't know , I don 't know Yes , I do what do you mean , the mail hasn 't come yet ? where are we , Timbuktu ? Mr. Hawks , there 's ... never mind , I 'll get it myself , Stafford , you mispelled brassiere again , little thing called spell-check , ok ? there 's someone here to see you , sir where ? he 's over there I don 't know him , ask him to wait , junk , junk he 's from the government , sir who 's government ? ours ok , here , open this for me , will ya ? on second thought , it might be personal morning , Harry Hawks , looking for me ? I am well , what can I do for you ? don 't open that , don 't open that hey wait , this is my mail everybody get down , everybody get down who the hell is that ? you all right , Mr , ah ... Dobbs , John Dobbs , Secret Service Secret Service , uh , what are you doin ' here ? special assignment , Washington what kind of special assignment ? well , you can call and check me out , detective , ah ... Crumb Crumb , I suggest you do that don 't worry , I will Detective so you got statements ? yep well , what do we got ? letter bomb , at least that 's what he says , we 're runnin ' forensics you again , no don 't tell me , you had another of those ... flashes ? really ? what kind of flashes ? it 's kinda hard to explain I imagine it is I don 't get it , who 'd wanna kill me ? I 'm an editor , they 'd just get another one hey , don 't worry about it , whoever this guy is , we 're gonna find him , in the meantime you can go come on , I 'll buy you a lunch , near death experiences always make me hungry excuse me , first I 'd like to talk to you two me ? it 'll just take a minute oh , no , I can 't , I ... I insist Gary , you mind if we use your office ? what ? oh , sure , go right ahead first of all , I hope I can count on some discretion concerning what I 'm about to say how about we order lunch in ? ah , listen , I 'm sure this is none of my business , so why don 't I ... oh , I think it is ok , we 'll wait on lunch gentlemen , the President is due in town the day after tomorrow , he 's here to make a speech , I 'm here to make sure that everything goes well one guy ? I thought they had a whole team for that oh , they do protection , surveillance , security , they know what to look for my job is different , I work in the background I 'm what you might call ... a hunter hunting for what ? oh , most anything people with grudges , people with plans , the odd schizophrenic , garden variety nut , the one who hasn 't shown up on the radar screen , yet , my job is to see that he doesn 't and that 's why you came to see me ? it 's funny the things that pass through a newspaper editor office for instance , ah , people who think that they know things that the rest of us don 't this confab just about over ? some of us have work to do I think we 're finished for now I 'm sure we 'll be talking again soon yeah so , where do I reach you ? In the unlikely event that I should want to right here will do do you want to show me an office , or shall I pick out one myself ? so he called you a nut in so many words , yes among other things well , he might be right , you are kind of , ah , different there 's a booth over at table 2 , the only reason I 'm different is ' cause I get this paper , other than I 'm completely normal you sure about that ? yeah , ah , look , knock it off , will ya ? you saved a guy 's life today , you should feel good about that , sit Spike yeah , except for he probably thinks I 'm the one that sent the damn thing who , Hawks ? no , this agent Dobbs , what is wrong with this thing ? the headline 's getting worse excuse me , Spike well , I 'm back did you make it to the racetrack ? yeah , I made it to the track did you make the bet ? yep and ? we have a little problem what kind of a problem ? it 's not my fault , I was gonna do exactly as you told me , the 3-6-2 horse , the third race , Trifecta , 16 bucks so what happened ? last minute scratch what do you mean last minute scratch ? that 's impossible , it 's in the paper I don 't care what was in the paper , the paper was wrong , the three horse came up lame , so I had to bet on my lucky number , seven and you lost au contraire you won ? yep well , how much did you win ? 42 grand and change oh , my God hello and not only that , look at the name of the seven horse , the one that won , third race , go ahead , look it up what 's it say ? number seven , Mr Snow 's cat , I don 't believe it told ya so , it 's a coincidence , it could be anything exactly it just happened to be Mr Snow cat sure the number you won , there 's nothing mystical about that no , could happen to anyone that 's right except that the name of the horse happens to be the same name of a certain typesetter that got the paper before you did and , his cat , who you happen to share an apartment with and look , enough already , if you find proof , great , otherwise , coincidence Mr Hobson , Morris , from the Sun Times , remember ? the archives ? yeah , how are you ? I brought you something , figured you 'd be interested , just turned up today , in a hole in the wall property of Lucius Snow how 'd you find this ? wasn 't me , telephone guys , they were installing new lines , when the wall caved in , being as how I 'm the archivist , I ... wait a minute , it was in the wall ? why ? got me , they renovated the place in 65 , maybe it got put in by mistake somehow I doubt that , not when it comes to Lucius Snow anyway , now that you got it , I 'll be going where you goin ' ? you just got here , take a load off let 's just say I 'm supertitious , last time I got involved in that stuff , it almost got me killed , call me if you need me , which I hope you don 't so , are you gonna open it ? I don 't know , maybe he 's right , maybe it 's none of my business nah nah , open it yeah , go ahead another newspaper what 'd you expect ? old bones Gary , what is it ? saturday , november 23rd , 1963 , Kennedy killed , John F. Kennedy , 35th president of the United States , was shot and killed today in Dallas , 12 : 59 local time the president , enjoying new popularity all through the south , was waving from his motorcade when the shots were fired 24 year old Lee Harvey Oswald has been charged with the crime , and is expected to be formally booked this afternoon , the nation has gone into mourning for its fallen hero ok , so the guy leaves a newspaper , some 30 years old , what 's the point ? don 't you see ? he knew it was going to happen what ? he read about it , in his paper , the day before , somehow he knew about it all , the when , the where , the how no , it 's more than that , he was there ah , Crumb , mind if I borrow your desk ? apparently not anything else I can do for you ? well , I 've been browsing through some of your files , interest reading , I couldn 't help but notice a common thread running through a lot of them and what would that be ? well , Hobson , Hobson , Hobson , and ah , Hobson , kind of a theme , don 't you think ? you 're wasting your time , the kid 's harmless harmless ? seems like everytime something happens , he 's around I don 't know , he , ah , gets these feelings , I guess he gets feelings and things blow up , and fall down ? what are you saying ? he 's makin ' this up ? well , let 's say he 's the , ah , fireman who sets the fires and then shows up to put them out this doesn 't seem strange to you ? I see things different , that 's all I think he 's trouble I think you 're making a mistake I don 't make mistakes , I can 't afford to , neither can you airline tickets , hotel reservations , car rentals so , the guy took a trip , that 's all there must be a clue in there somewhere , some kind of message maybe he meant to just throw all this stuff away you don 't really believe that , do you ? he did the damn thing in a wall yeah , why ? look , he knew the guy was in Dallas , we knew he was there the day it happened , so the question is , where did he go , what did he do ? there , there 's somethin ' we 're not seein ' , there 's ... what is that ? that what is it ? business card US Secret Service J. T. Marley bingo Snow needed help , that 's who he went to , we have to find this Marley guy what , you expect to find this guy after thirty years ? yeah , what do you want us to do ? knock on the Secret Service 's door and say , excuse me , ah , J.T. in ? Morris oh , no , not me , I told you , I 'm supertitious come on , Morris , it 's a favor , just a little research , that 's all that 's what you said last time , why is this so important , anyway ? Snow some kind of a crook ? no , it 's not that , it 's just , I need to know a little bit more about the guy , that 's all so you want me to break into government files , and find you a name , just like that ? oh , you 're right , you probably wouldn 't be able to figure that out anyhow probably should have my head examined , for letting you talk me into this , ok , here we go you 're sure you know what you 're doin ' , Morris ? you don 't work in the basement thirty years without learning some tricks , let 's see what happen well , you 're breaking into Secret Service files ? this is not the Secret Service , this is the I.R.S. taxes by department zip code , your bureaucracy at work there let 's see , Marley , Marley , Marley ... I don 't see it maybe he never paid his taxes , that happens what happens ? what 's goin ' on here ? research research on what ? bolivian finches , bobtailed bolivian finches , white breasted bobtailed bolivian finches , very rare cute , now get outta here , this isn 't a public library , Morris , check these out , stop tying up my employees on company time , uh ? hey , Hawks , you remember a guy who used to work here , retired a few years ago , a typesetter named Lucius Snow ? yeah , white haired guy ? yeah had a cat ? yeah crackpot how 's that ? completely out of his mind , why ? I , we ... nothin ' , it 's a ... nothin well , then , if you 'll excuse me , I 've got tomorrow 's edition to deal with yeah , me too what is it ? hello hope I 'm not disturbing you , just thought you might want to know , I found J.T. Marley , took a while , but I did where is he ? in the obits , he 's dead when ? january , 1964 , two months after Dallas , went down in a plane , no survivors you 're sure it 's him ? oh , it 's him all right , got his bio and everything , too bad , according to this , the man was a hero , sorry ah , thanks , Morris what the hell is this ? so this is where he lives ? rented room ? unless he owns the hotel I 've got a problem with people who live in rented rooms oh , come on , he 's harmless , let 's go home hey did you check me out ? what ? did you call Washington ? well , yeah did they tell you what I was doing here ? sure so do me a favor , don 't get in my way ok ? yeah , sure so , let 's drive come on , there 's gotta be somethin ' here what am I doin ' ? what am I doin ' ? it can 't be Snow 's cat good morning , the time is now 6 : 30 in Chicago , it 's a chilly 24 degrees and here is the news , security is tight as the city prepares for tomorrow 's visit from president Tyson you 're on your own today , buddy hey Mike Mr. Hobson , that about it ? yeah oh , fifty dollars , for gum , what 'd you do , rob a bank ? sort of tell you what , next time , rob one for me yeah , hey Mike yeah these headlines , find anything strange in them ? strange , how ? I don 't know , they got , ah , marks on them , they 're kinda ... which bank ? it 's you again like the moth to the flame , which bank did you rob ? all of them so , where are you going , Hobson ? none of your business maybe it is , maybe it isn 't , you seem to be in a hurry beat it I would if I could what the hell is it you want with me ? what do I want ? well , maybe I want the answer to a few questions , like , what are you going to do today ? you 're not going to work , you haven 't got a job , I know that congratulations so maybe you got something else in mind ? something you heard , in your head ? what does that sound like , this voice that you talk to ? or is it a vision ? Gary do this , Gary do that , must be kind of a drag , ah ? do you see a shrink about this , or do you try to keep it down inside ? yeah , that 's it , it 's like a genie trying to break out ? it 's crazy , isn 't it ? you know what I 'm talking about , don 't you ? it 's crazy , and you can 't stop it , can you ? yep , it 's a cat alright , kinda blurry , but there it is Morris , is there any way you can blow that picture ? well , I could , but with the grain , it 'd most likely turn out the same , what are you lookin ' for , anyway , or do I wanna know ? probably not I figured so , what now ? now , I go home you don 't mean that , do you ? Gary you just found a clue so , there 's a cat in the picture , what am I supposed to do ? so that means he was there , the moment it happened , I mean , he must have tried to stop it , just as you would , but he couldn 't , the question is why ? look , if the guy wanted help , he should have asked for it he did , he 's asking you , Gary , there 's something else in that picture , you just have to find it maybe there I can help Crumb well , there goes my digestion you eat that for breakfast ? it 's better than donuts , what do you want ? well , I thought maybe we should , ah , make peace , got off on the wrong foot , the fact is , we could , help each other out yeah , how 's that ? well , I 've got my job , you 've got yours , we 're both under a lot of pressure , hell we 've both got families to support , right ah , well so , I was thinking like , ah , well the letter bomb , do you have any leads on that ? no , not a trace , and don 't start with this Hobson stuff again I know , I 'm probably too hard on that guy , huh ? you 're damn right you are well , you know him , I don 't , but you can 't blame me for asking questions , you have to admit he 's strange yeah like all the money he carries around what money ? all that cash , I mean , he hasn 't got a job , who 's paying him ? how much money ? well , look , it 's not like you have a search warrant or anything , and like I said , it 's just strange ? not bad , I think I 'll order one no , no , be my guest thanks ah , the Warren Commission Report , that picture 's famous , it should be in here so hold your horses , my eyes ain 't good as they were , here it is it 's the same picture yeah , but this time they 've got names names ? there 's the cat , standing next to Anderson , Spivak , and ... great what is it ? J.T. Marley , it 's a dead end well , who says ? well , J.T. Marley 's dead , it 's a dead end unless , of course , he 's not he faked his death , he 's still out there , alive and well , haven 't you heard ? how do you know that ? your friend Snow told me , now get outta my stacks hey , Hawks , hang on , Hawks listen , Hawks , all I need to know is ... forget about it , I don 't wanna talk about this anymore , ok ? you 're wasting my time , not to mention my staff so what about Snow , you said ... Snow , he was a lunatic , the guy drove me batty , him and his crack pot theory what theory ? come on , it 's Kennedy , everyone has a theory , CIA , bandits , outlaws , pink elephants , but Snow 's that was a doozie so he told you about it ? I was just a cub , ok ? I was trying to be polite , but my God , renegade agents , falsified death certificates , Oswald was just a dupe ? come on , that 's crazy and what about Marley ? they found his bones scattered all over a mountain top in Central Peru , so were his teeth , which they identified one by one , I checked it all out , it 's a waste of time , I almost got fired and what about the cat ? cat ? the cat in the picture what cat ? Snow 's cat gimme that , you found this here , it 's property of this paper , and here it stays , the only reason I don 't throw you out is because you saved my life , which I thank you for , now get out listen , Hawks ... no , you listen to me , cats don 't kill presidents , got it ? now go , I got work to do come back any time , conspiracy theories , this stuff will be the death of me yet what do you wanna do about Dobbs ? I need a warrant a warrant , for what ? Hobson , I need to make a search yeah , I 'm hungry too White House announced today , that after the President 's arrival in Chicago , he will speak to labor leaders all over the country , governor has called the visit a proud day for a proud city ... look , don 't take it so , alright ? so you made a fool of yourself , what else is new ? I would have liked to have seen his face when you told him about that cat did he really threaten to throw you out ? you 're gettin ' a real kick outta this , aren 't you ? thanks , Hammer thanks , Mike I got it , so you came up with a loose end , alright ? maybe there was nothin to it in the first place , I mean , cripes , the thing is practically ancient history by now anyway I don 't have any cash here I don 't have any either what ? I don 't have any money what about money from the track ? the money from the track ? no , the money from the track 's not for somethin ' like this , that 's for living expenses wrong , the money from the track was a windfall , you said yourself you didn 't need all that , come on , let 's live a little alright , I 'll go no , no , no , I 'll go , you sit down , relax , take a load off , where is it ? it 's in the desk , on the right hand side alright , you wet your whistle , watch some TV , alright ? I 'll be back in two minutes in other news , local police aided by secret service , are busy setting up blockades in the loop for what 's sure to be thousands of Chicagoans waiting to greet the President and his motorcade , the White House today announced more details about the President 's visit to Chicago tomorrow Air Force One will arrive at O 'Hare International Airport , sometime just after noon , where dignitaries will be on hand to greet the first couple airport officials don 't expect the visit will disrupt commercial traffic , but they are suggesting that passengers be aware of potencial delays president Kennedy died at 1 pm central standard time , 2 pm eastern time , some 38 minutes ago direction in government policy , although federal reserve analysts have already stated their reluctance to upset the status quo there 's another headline no I love you what the ? presidential route ? Gary ? police , we got a search warrant , open up come on , open up move , move , freeze hold it right there against the wall , come on , turn around , spread them detective Crumb , over here , you better come see what we got what , what 'd I do ? what the hell ? thanks a lot , Gary , Gary well , what 's wrong ? come on hey , where are you taking me ? what 's happening Gary ? where are you going ? Gary , tell me what 's goin ' on ? what is it , Gary ? what is it ? Gary , you 're shaking , what 's wrong , what 's happening ? listen , president Tyson 's gonna be shot listen , the headline , the marks in the paper , it 's been trying to tell me oh , my God , we 've gotta get help we can 't do that of course we can , if there 's a gunman out there Marissa , it 's me what are you talking about , it 's you ? listen , tomorrow at 2 o 'clock the paper says I 'm gonna try and shoot the President of the United States that doesn 't make sense , it 's not right , maybe someone 's trying to set you up , Dobbs no , it 's not Dobbs how do you know it 's not Dobbs ? because I 'm gonna kill Dobbs , too what are you gonna do ? I don 't know you 're gonna need help Crumb , Crumb you want a press release on this ? not a peep get him outta here what , I didn 't even do anything hey , Crumb Gary , run grab that guy go no he may lead us to Marley who ? come on , let 's go Hawks I need to talk to Hawks , where is he ? in his office , but I wouldn 't disturb him , he 's been in there all night long hey , Hawks , Hawks , open up , it 's Hobson I 'm sorry to barge in like this , look , somethings happened , I don 't have anyone to turn to , I 'm in trouble , Hawks ... did you want me to help you with ... oh , my God oh , my God , no , no , stop , no
