 Cleaned , corrected re-synced by Tronar Captain 's Log , Stardate 50460.3 . We 've been investigating an " inversion nebula " for several days . This phenomenon has never been seen in the Alpha Quadrant and is proving something of a mystery to us here . According to Federation astro-theorists , inversion nebulae are so unstable , they 're supposed to burn out within a few years , but ... this one appears to be centuries old . Maybe the theorists were wrong . After all , they never had a chance to look at the real thing . Not entirely wrong . These plasma strands we 're approaching look ready to ignite . Tom , back us off 2,000 kilometers . That 'll give us a safety margin . Aye , Captain . Harry , set the sensors for full spectrum scans , continuous sweep . If that nebula does flare up , I don 't want to miss a beat . Mr. Kim , I need your attention on the sensors . Sorry , Captain . Full spectrum scans . I 'm on it . Astro-theory never predicted this would be so lovely . Beauty and mystery ... a tantalizing combination . No argument here . Right , Tuvok ? I am fully capable of appreciating this phenomenon without the extraneous sentimentality humans find so necessary . Being moved by an emotion isn 't always extraneous . Sometimes it 's the whole point . Enter . Mr. Kim . Can I help you ? Um ... That 's kal-toh , isn 't it ? Vulcan chess ? Kal-toh is to chess as chess is to tic-tac-toe . I should have known . Uh ... What is on your mind , Ensign ? Tuvok , I need your help . I want to eliminate emotions like Vulcans do . Mr. Kim , it is a lifelong process . I realize that , and I also know that Vulcans use certain techniques . The t 'san s 'at ... the intellectual deconstruction of emotional patterns . I 'm willing to learn . May I ask why ? I have ... feelings I don 't want to have . That would seem to be self-evident . And what is the nature of those feelings ? I ... I 'm in love and I don 't want to be . I see . And who is the object of your affections ? Her name is ... Marayna . I am not aware of anyone on the ship with that name . She 's not a member of the crew . She 's a character on the holodeck . You 're in love with a computer subroutine ? That 's the problem . Interesting . To see through an emotional complex is to rob it of its power . The first step is to identify the complex in which you have been caught . I told you , I 'm in love . There are many different kinds of love , Ensign . You must learn to differentiate . For example , you told me that you met this individual only days ago , yet you feel overwhelmed . I can 't get her out of my mind , not for a second . Have you been able to sleep ? No . Have you eaten ? No . Does your daily routine seem somehow empty ? Perhaps even ludicrous ? Yes ! You are experiencing shon-ha 'lock ... the engulfment . It is the most intense and psychologically perilous form of eros . I believe humans call it " love at first sight . " But ... we 're talking about a holodeck character . Irrelevant . The emotional complex in which you are trapped is the same and so is the cure ... logical deconstruction , followed by a regimen of meditative suppression as I shall demonstrate . Uh , a little further to the left . No . That 's too much . Neelix . Have you seen Marayna ? Oh ... perfect ! Welcome , gentlemen . Just getting things ready for tonight 's little get-together . I completely forgot ... the luau . Polynesian-style . I 've done my research . Uh , Lieutenant Tuvok , you neglected to RSVP . That was not an oversight , I assure you . Where is Marayna ? Who ? She 's part of this program . Doesn 't ring a bell . How could you miss her ? She 's tall , athletic , blond ... Oh , one of the entertainment directors . I believe she 's giving Kes a hydrosail lesson . Uh , no , no , not there . There . Harry . Tuvok . The lake is perfect today . Hello , Harry . Hi , Marayna . We were just talking about you . You were ? Marayna said what an excellent student you were . She 's a great instructor . Ready to get your ears wet ? Vulcans do not hydrosail . Oh , why not ? Lieutenant Tuvok prefers the solitude of his own quarters and a game of kal-toh I 'm sure we can do better than that . I 'm going back on duty . Thanks . You 're welcome . There 's a volleyball game starting down on the sand . Mr. Kim and I would prefer some conversation . Would you care to join us ? All right . I tried a reverse curl this morning . I think I pulled a tendon . Feel that . It 's like a knot . I 'm sure it is . Are you two friends ? - Yes . - No . We 're colleagues . I respect Mr. Kim for his intelligence and his integrity and I assume he holds me in the same regard . So , Vulcans don 't hydrosail , and they don 't have friends ? We have fellowships and associations , but without the emotional dimension humans experience . Hmm . You and I are friends , aren 't we ? Um ... yeah . Good . Chakotay to Tuvok and Kim . Report to the Bridge . Acknowledged . We 're on our way . There 's a luau tonight . You 're coming , aren 't you ... both of you ? - No . - Yes . You 've got to stop doing that . Ensign . As I predicted , your responses were as formulaic as a mathematical equation . What do you mean ? Consider the expression on your face when Neelix did not recall Marayna ... annoyance . That 's not true . It is quite true . At that moment , Neelix was functioning in Vulcan terms , as the soo-lak ... the third party , who by his very lack of interest trivializes your own . I guess it really did bother me . And the arrival of Kes with Marayna then precipitated in you the k 'oh-nar ... the feeling of being completely exposed . I was embarrassed . I was sure Kes would take one look at my face and know exactly what I was feeling . And when Marayna placed your hand on her stressed tendon ... Let 's not even talk about that . Bridge . It 's all so ... predictable . That 's just what I 've been trying to get you to perceive . To the trained Vulcan intellect , intense romantic love is nothing more than a set of stereotypical behaviors . Not having our discipline , typically , humans are swept along by the process until it ends . How does it end ? Either in conversion to a more balanced stable relationship or in tragic circumstances . I can 't have a balanced , stable relationship with a holodeck character . Marayna 's a computer program . She could never feel for me what I feel for her . Exactly . Logic dictates a single course of action ... retreat . To tell you the truth ... I don 't even like hydrosailing . The temperature 's 5,000 degrees Kelvin and rising . Captain ? We 've located a plasma strand that looks like it 's seconds from igniting . If there is some kind of unknown process that 's been keeping this nebula from going up like a torch , we 're going to see it in action . And if there isn 't ? I 've got my hand on the controls . We 'll be out of here before it even touches our shields . Captain , the temperature is 9,000 degrees Kelvin . I 'm picking up a subatomic cascade reaction . There she goes . The plasma strand completely burned itself out . Without causing a chain reaction in the nebula . Harry , what put out the flames ? Sensors show some kind of dampening effect between the strands , but I can 't isolate it . Like a firebreak in space . If we understood how this happened , we might be able to find a new way to contain a warp core breach . Or any plasma reaction . It 's an investigation worth pursuing . Tom , it seems safe enough . Take us in for short-range sensor scans . Let 's find out all we can about this phenomenon . Aye , Captain . I 'll see all of you at Mr. Neelix 's luau . I 'm sure everyone will be attending . Lieutenant , you look absolutely ... Tropical ? More along the lines of " smashing . " Thanks . Of course , nothing can quite measure up with this shirt . This is an exact re-creation of a 1962 big daddy-O surf special ... an American classic . I 'd say you put just a little bit too much thought into that . Now , that 's where you 're wrong . Let 's go . I told Vorik we 'd pick him up at 1600 hours . And you know how Vulcan he gets when anybody is late . Vorik ? I thought we were meeting Harry . Oh , he 's not coming . Why not ? He said he was busy . With what ? I don 't know . Harry and I will meet you and Vorik at the luau . You 're pretty confident about your powers of persuasion . Yes , I am . Come in . Surf 's up , Mr. Kim . Hi , Tom . Harry , this is a luau . You look like you 're dressed for a funeral . What are you doing ? Vulcan meditation . What for ? To suppress my emotions . Is something wrong ? Not really . The ... resort woman ? What was her name ? Marayna . How did you know that ? For two days now , every time I look for you , it 's always , " He 's in Holodeck 1 . " And since you don 't like hydrosailing , I figured something was going on . Am I that predictable ? You sound like Tuvok . Tuvok ? He told you to do all this ? Logically , the best course is retreat . Meditation helps . Retreat ... a classic case of Vulcan denial , if you ask me . Come on , Harry . We have all fallen for a holodeck character . It happens . You deal with it by staying with your normal routine not by hiding out in your quarters . I 'm not hiding out . I 'm deconstructing the emotional complex . Okay . Have fun . No , wait . Computer , standard illumination . I 'm getting tired of this anyway . Computer , one Hawaiian shirt . Specify parameters . Pineapple motif . Greetings , Mr. Vulcan . No , thank you . I 've done a great deal of ethnographic research on the Polynesian cultures of Earth . The flowered garland , or lei , is said to represent the flowering of love . It 's a marvelous tradition , don 't you think ? Marvelous . Oh ... oh , my . Did I program a centerpiece that big ? Computer ... open parameter adjustment file . The life of a recreational hologram ... dining , dancing , nonrestrictive clothing ... I see the allure . Your turn . Hmm . Oh , thank you . Tuvok . I 'm glad to see you here . I would never disobey an order , Captain , no matter how burdensome . There 's a difference between an order and a suggestion . The evening 's young , Lieutenant . Let 's mingle . Vulcans do not ... Curious . What 's that ? If you will excuse me . A common error among novice players . By placing the t 'an on opposite sides of the kal-toh , you are attempting to introduce a spatial balance . A strategy that will most certainly fail . Why ? Kal-toh is not about striving for balance . It is about finding the seeds of order , even in the midst of profound chaos . May I ? Please . How beautiful . Kal-toh is not about beauty . I understand , but ... it 's still beautiful . Did you learn to play on Vulcan ? Yes . From the age of five , I took lessons from a master . I thought you might enjoy having an opponent . Playing alone must get a little predictable sometimes . You are perceptive . Yes , I am . Extremely so . Aloha , miss . Thank you . Sir ? No , thank you . You 're the only one here not wearing a garland . Given the decor , it seems somehow excessive . I don 't believe you . I beg your pardon . I think you 're trying to isolate yourself and make a public protest at the same time . Explain . You didn 't want to be here in the first place . Being the only one without a lei sets you apart from the others , allowing you to symbolically maintain your solitude . And since everybody can see that you 're the only one without a lei , you 're letting them know that you 'd rather be somewhere else . Your logic is impeccable . Thanks . Mmm . Thanks . I am starving . Oh , me , too . Let 's find us a spot . This place is filling up fast . I have already taken the liberty of reserving a table , Lieutenant , with a view of the lakeside . You did express a fondness for that particular vista . I did ? Five days ago , in a conversation we had in Engineering regarding holodeck programs . I guess maybe I did . Good memory . Of course . Well then , Ensign ... let 's go . Harry . What ? Do you want to get something to eat , or not ? I ... I don 't know . Maybe this isn 't a good idea . Listen , I 'm going back to my quarters . Harry ... Tom ... Okay . Okay . I 'll see you tomorrow . I like the excitement of the water . The danger ... being tossed around ... by the wind and the waves . But at the same time , feeling like I 'm in control . The illusion of control . That 's exactly right . Because no one can control the wind and the waves . But for a few moments , when you 're on the water and the ride is perfect the feeling is that you can . Do you ever feel that ? No . Never ? Don 't you have an imagination ? If , by imagination , you mean the ability to spontaneously generate images within my mind , then , yes , I have a highly developed imagination as do all of my race . All right , imagine this ... that you , with your logic and your reason , are skimming atop endless waves of emotion . You believe you 're in control , but you know the control is an illusion . You believe that you understand the depths beneath you ... but that , too , is an illusion . I can see why Ensign Kim finds you compelling . I can see why Harry admires ... and respects you . Because it 's obvious that he does . And ... so do I. I must return to my quarters . Please stay . I 've never met anyone like you . I must admit I share that conclusion . You are a unique individual . Then stay . It is late . I must go . Then come back tomorrow . I 'm sure the weather will hold . No doubt . Please . Perhaps . Good night ... Tuvok . Good night , Marayna . Computer , end resort program . Captain 's Log , supplemental . We 've completed sensor scans and confirmed our discovery of an unusual dampening field responsible for keeping this unstable nebula from going up in flames . The field 's origin is still a mystery . The dampening field only seems to appear when one of the plasma strands ignites ... as if the fire itself initiates the field . Which puts out the fire ... a feedback loop . One that 's preserved this nebula for hundreds of years . Mr. Kim , do we have enough data on this dampening field to produce one artificially using the deflector dish ? Harry ? Do we have the data ? Yes , Captain , but it 'll take a while . We 'll have to simulate the process in the computer and then try to re-create it with the deflector dish . Probably a few weeks . The project is yours , Ensign . Tom , resume course for the Alpha Quadrant ... warp 6 . Aye , Captain . Captain , propulsion is not responding . Bridge to Engineering . B 'Elanna , what 's going on ? I 'm not sure , Captain . We 're trying to track the problem now . Acknowledged . Harry , give B 'Elanna a hand . The nebula could be having an effect on the ship 's systems . That 's a possibility we can 't discount . The warp drive is functioning within established tolerance levels . Matter / antimatter containment is at recommended field strength . The impulse engines are also ... Within tolerance . Yes . Most likely , there 's some kind of failure in the computer pathways . Nothing 's wrong with propulsion , but the commands from the helm just aren 't getting there . The warp drive seems okay . Impulse , too . I think the problem must be somewhere else . I think maybe ... the helm 's being blocked . Like ... some kind of failure in the computer pathways ? Maybe . I just said all that . You 're not listening , Harry . I 'll return to my station , Lieutenant . I 'm sorry . I guess I 've got a lot on my mind . Forget about her . What did Tom say to you ? Not a single word . I saw the way you were looking at Marayna yesterday . Hi . My name 's Harry " read-me-like-a-book " Kim . It 's not that bad . Apparently , it is . I can 't get her off my mind . Input algorithm not accepted . Why don 't you take a break ? I can handle it from here . Thanks . I 'll be in my quarters if you need me . Deck 3 . Computer , belay that order . Holodeck 1 . Computer , activate Neelix resort program . That program is currently running . Hello , Harry . Enjoying yourselves ? Now I know why you told me to keep off the holodeck . Mr. Kim , you are misconstruing the nature of this situation . Your jealousy is entirely insupportable . Stop analyzing me . I respected you , I trusted you and you did this right behind my back . I have done nothing of the sort . Then what do you call this ? A game of kal-toh , which I am playing with a nonsentient computer subroutine . Harry , I didn 't intend to harm you and I didn 't do anything wrong . I 'll accept that from her , Tuvok , but not from you . You said to stay away from her . You should have done the same . You 're implying a desire on my part that simply does not exist . Marayna is an intriguing interactive hologram ... nothing more . If you say so , Lieutenant . Mr. Kim , I value our working relationship . I would not allow a holodeck character to disrupt that . - I think it 's a little late ... - Tuvok , Harry , please , stop arguing . Computer , delete the Marayna subroutine . Tuvok , what are you ... ? That 's not going to help . I never should have come to you in the first place . I should have worked it out myself . Let 's try it again , Mr. Paris ... warp 6 . Course laid in . Engage . It would appear to me that we 're not moving , Mr. Paris . I don 't understand it , Captain . Any ideas , B 'Elanna ? Warp drive is still on line and helm control appears to be working , but the engines aren 't responding . It 's possible we 've got a computer malfunction , but I can 't seem to localize it . Let 's run a level-4 computer diagnostic , all systems . Aye , Captain . Captain , I just got aft thrusters to respond . It 's not much . I 'll take it , B 'Elanna . Tom , let 's go . At this speed , we 'll be completely clear of the nebula by tomorrow . Good enough . Your move . I think you 'll find my game has improved . How did you get here ? Simple . I transferred myself from the holodeck to the Sick Bay , then used your physician 's mobile emitter . I deleted you from the holodeck . But you only did that for Harry 's benefit . I know you wanted to keep seeing me . I like Harry , but , uh ... well , you 're different . You 're not like anyone else . Why have you come here ... to my quarters ? You 're like a new world to me , Tuvok . I want to know everything about you . I didn 't realize how lonely my existence was and I can 't go back to the way things were , not without you . Tuvok to Bridge . Intruder alert . Security team to my quarters . No ! Why did you do that ? ! Don 't you want us to be together ? Given your actions , I have no choice but to consider you a potential threat to myself and to Voyager . But you 're wrong . I would never do anything to harm you . Make it stop ! You have access to the ship 's control systems ? And I 'll use them all if I have to . You can 't just delete me . Where is this individual now ? When security got to Tuvok 's quarters , she downloaded herself back into the computer and onto the holodeck . More to the point , what is she ? Most likely a sentient computer program . I checked the Starfleet database . This kind of thing has happened before . The Enterprise-D under Picard was once taken over by a holo-character . We studied that case at the Academy . It gained control of the ship from inside the holodeck . Marayna may well have done the same . She was able to silence the intruder alert by an apparent act of will . Does that mean she has the run of our entire computer system ? She may . Is it possible that she is the source of our mysterious malfunctions ? It 's certainly possible . If Marayna 's able to manipulate the ship 's computer pathways , she could have disrupted propulsion , and then covered her tracks so we couldn 't trace the cause . But why ? What 's her motivation ? I believe it has something to do with her feelings toward me . In my quarters , she made reference to her loneliness and expressed her desire to continue our relationship . But what does that have to do with knocking propulsion off-line ? Could she be trying to keep us near the nebula ? This all started the day we got here . That 's when I first met her . Maybe the nebula is somehow affecting the holodeck . Giving rise to an intelligence that doesn 't belong there . It 's possible . In any case ... I can 't allow her to gain any further control over my ship . Tuvok , Paris , Torres ... get down to Holodeck 1 . I want this situation resolved one way or another . She 's locked us out of the program . We 'll be lucky if we can open the doors . We 're lucky . Marayna may have opened the doors . Caution is advised . I 'll try to access the inside control panel . It 's kind of creepy . Marayna 's attempting to re-create the setting of my previous encounter with her . You really know how to pick them , Tuvok . I got access to the holodeck computer . I 'm not reading anything unusual on the holodeck . It seems to be working perfectly . There 's a subspace signal coming from outside of Voyager . It 's some kind of an uplink . There 's somebody on a ship out there tapping into the ... B 'Elanna ! Shoot the control panel . Shield status ? Still holding , Captain , but the inertial dampeners are off-line . Starboard shields are down to 80 percent . What happened down there ? Marayna attacked us and attempted to restrain me . She has control over the holodeck characters . But she 's not actually on the holodeck . I found an uplink and tracked it to the nebula . She 's on a hidden ship or a space station . She 's manipulating the holodeck from there . She 's been using the Marayna character like a puppet . As an interface . A way to move around Voyager to interact with us . Tuvok , come back to me . I 'm waiting for you . Harry , try to trace the uplink . Find her . Don 't make this more difficult than it already is , Captain . Are you responsible for the plasma fires ? You 're giving me no other choice but to force the issue . What do you want ? Tuvok . I want Tuvok . Let him come to the holodeck alone or I 'll destroy your ship . Tuvok . You 're back . I had little choice . We 're alone now . No one can see us or hear us . We can do whatever we want . You don 't have to pretend anymore . This is our world . You 've successfully lured me here by threatening the ship . But any attempt to generate intimacy between us will not be successful . I 've isolated the source of the uplink signal . Stand by to transport . I understand your sense of duty , of loyalty to your Captain , but we have something stronger ... a connection that goes beyond duty and loyalty . I know you want to be with me , Tuvok . You must leave Voyager now and allow us to continue on our course . I won 't . I suggest you reconsider or Captain Janeway will be forced to take action . There 's nothing she can do . You 're staying here with me . She 'll just have to accept that . Energize . Transporting to the source of the uplink . Stop ! Shields are down to 47 percent . Shields are gone . Try to hail Tuvok . I can 't , Captain . Something 's blocking the signal . Marayna ? Your ship is helpless . If I ignite one more strand , the hull will fail . You are using the nebula as a weapon . My nebula . I will fire if necessary . You 're too late . I 've already set the ignition sequence . Only I can stop it . Are you alone here ... on this station ... in this nebula ? Yes . It 's my work . I don 't understand . I keep the plasma fires from chain-reacting . You are responsible for the dampening field we 've been investigating . That 's correct . I generate it from here to preserve the nebula , so that others from my home planet may enjoy its beauty . I watch the ships when they pass by . They don 't even know I 'm here . You are ... lonely . By choice . I prefer to be here ... alone . But you uplinked with our holodeck and created a character in order to interact with us . To amuse myself . I 've done it before ... tapped into the computer of a passing alien vessel , examined all the little details of their lives . But I never expected to find something as ... diverting as your holodeck . I never expected to find you . You ... are like nothing else I 've ever encountered . And I can 't be without you . Stay here with me and I will let your ship resume course . If it is the only option , I would willingly sacrifice myself to save my crewmates . No , that 's not enough . You have to want to be with me . If you truly understood who and what I am , you would know that I could never return your affections . But ... you are more like me than-than you are like them . I-I-I 've seen the way you isolate yourself . Even in a crowd of people , you 're alone . We should be together . I must admit ... I found our conversation stimulating , your insight and intelligence fresh and unexpected . In other circumstances , I would be willing to spend time in your company to continue to share knowledge and ideas , but I have a home and a spouse on Vulcan . I have a mission , and colleagues who depend on me . I do not have a complete understanding of emotions , but I believe that if you truly care for me , you will not pursue this course of action . You may go . Your communicator will function now . Tuvok to Voyager . Go ahead , Tuvok . I am ready to return . Stand by to beam me aboard . Captain , ship 's systems are coming back on line . Acknowledged , Tuvok . Standing by . Consider this : Your feelings toward me may be evidence of a deeper need ... a more ... profound loneliness than you are willing to admit . Why don 't you call for a replacement ? Let another occupy this task . Attempt for a time to live among your own kind . Logically , that would be the best thing to do . Yes . Perhaps I will . Tuvok to Voyager . Ready for transport . But what about you , Tuvok ? Will you always be alone ? Security Chief 's Log , Stardate 50471.3 . The remaining damage to the ship was easily repaired and we soon left Marayna 's nebula behind . Voyager is back on course and I have resumed my normal routine . Mr. Kim . Would you be interested in learning to play kal-toh ? I thought kal-toh was beyond human understanding . Not entirely . Ensign ... I failed to respect the complexity of your emotions . I apologize for my lack of consideration . Don 't worry about it , Tuvok . Apology accepted . Won 't this take years to learn ? It will , indeed . May I join you ? - No . - No . But ... thank you .
