 Personal journal , Captain Matthew Gideon , continued . It 's now 3 days since our visitors arrived on behalf of Earthgov 's political affairs office . There 's apparently some concern about how our work here is being perceived back home . They 've been assigned to ... help us . Before their tour is finished , I may have to kill them , assuming Lieutenant Matheson doesn 't beat me to it . But it 's just too light , that 's all . It doesn 't have any weight to it . And , uh ... what 's that , Kevin ? Well , it 's just ... All this . This is an important mission , vital to the salvation of Earth . People see this ship on the news , in stories that are supposed to reassure everyone about how you 're trying to save everyone back home from this terrible plague . And ? Well , look around you . The colors ... are too bright . They don 't say " power " to me . They don 't say ... " importance " to me . They say ... " day at the circus . " It 'll all have to be red one . Re-what ? I 'll have my own people do it , of course . I wouldn 't trust anyone else . We 'll choose a color palette that 's more ... palatable . Heh . A palatable palette . It 's a ... anyway , you won 't even know we 're here . That 's right . Because you won 't be . I can 't have strangers messing - Captain , I understand your concern , but this mission is still under Earth jurisdiction . Since we 're paying the bills for this little hail mary across the stars , we have a right to take whatever steps are necessary to ensure the effort has the right political and social impact . Impact ! That 's the very word . The plague is only part of the problem , Captain . The rest is panic . We still have 4 years in which to find a cure . The panic is a problem right now . We 've had ... Riots back home . Doomsday cults . You name it . The only thing that 's calmed them down is knowing this ship is out there looking for a cure . Now , we have to do everything we can to help make the folks back home feel better about this mission and their chances of survival . Trust me on this one , Captain . If anyone knows how to survive political changes , it 's me . So ... if a little paint , the proper presentation does the job , great . I promise we won 't get in the way , and at every stage , we welcome your input . Input ? Let me tell you something - Captain , we 're picking up something on the long-range scanners . Source unknown . This is getting too intense for me . It 's a first-contact situation . We 've handled them before . I meant the colors . So if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going back down to look at the uniforms again . Unif - Distance to target . 2,000 kilometers . Let me see it . Bring up long-range scanners . Aye , sir . Holy ... are we getting any life forms ? Just one . Barely . It doesn 't make sense . A ship that big would need a crew of several hundred people . It does . We 're picking up one life sign , but well over 1,000 organics . Everyone else on the ship is dead . It 's practically a ghost ship . Matthew Gideon , Captain . Attached to the Earth alliance starship Excalibur . To find a cure to the Drakh plague before it wipes out all life on Earth . Anywhere I have to . Who do you serve ? And who do you trust ? E.V.A. team standing by , Captain . Roger that , Lieutenant . You 're clear to proceed . We 're moving out of the air lock now . I don 't understand . Why are we stopping for this ? Our mandate is to explore any possible source for a cure . It doesn 't matter if it 's a ... a lost city , a new civilization , or a derelict alien ship . If it 's a first contact situation , we go in . But the odds of something like this being of any use ... who would 've thought to look for penicillin in bread mold ? I 'm not seeing any recognizable markings ... no sign of missile or high-energy beam impacts ... so my guess is she wasn 't hit by raiders or ... stand by . We found something , Captain . What is it ? There 's a large opening at the back of the ship . Looks like an explosion . Then the ship was attacked . Negative . The blast damage is coming from the inside out . Whatever happened here , it happened inside . Do we move in ? Affirmative . But go slow , and don 't take any chances . If you run into trouble , get the hell out . Will do . Moving inside . We appear to be in the engineering section now . Since the jump engines are back the way we came , this should lead us out into the main body of the ship . My god . What is it ? We 've reached the main chamber and found the crew . It 's hard to tell - They 've all been exposed to hard vacuum - but it looks like they 've been dead for less than a week . Dr. Chambers would be able to give you a better estimate than I could . What killed them ? It looks like they killed each other . Mutiny ? I can 't tell . Maybe . But in that case , what blew up the engines ? If it was a mutiny , destroying the ship wouldn 't be in the best interests of either side . Well , maybe it happened during the fight when no one was minding the store . Maybe . We 've found another passageway . This one might lead to the command deck . Moving on . We 've found the source of the signal . We are registering one life form ... and a whole lot of dead ones . Equalize the pressure in there . Janey , do we have the right air mix ? I think so , doctor . Don 't think . Get it right . I 'm not getting anything on the main scanners , and what I 'm getting on the others doesn 't make sense . How long until you can crack the tube ? We had to make sure it was decontaminated first . That 's done now . We can send in a team in pressure suits anytime . Doctor , we 're losing him . Getting massive coronary disruption , total shutdown . What ? We just had him stabilized 2 minutes ago . I know . I don 't understand . We need a defibrillator team in there . They 're suiting up . 2 minutes . There isn 't time ! Janey ! I 'm cracking the tube . Janey ! Janey ! It 's no good . We lost him . Mark the time . All right . I want an autopsy asap before the body starts to decompose . At least we 'll get some information out of it . And you ... I want you to go through full decontamination procedure before you come out of there . Including body cavity decon . Maybe we 'll get lucky and find out where your copy of medlab regulations went . Yes , doctor . Damn it ! He shouldn 't have died . We had him stabilized . One minute he was fine , the next , total systemic shutdown . It 's almost as if he willed himself to die . It doesn 't make sense . He sent out a distress signal , so he wanted to be saved . Why choose to die ? I don 't know . Maybe some cultural imperative against being helped by another race . Or maybe he didn 't like the decor . Well , he wasn 't the first person today to make that observation . Either way ... now we 'll never know what happened to that ship . Not necessarily . Matheson was able to find some data crystals on board . With luck , they may have something to say about this . Maybe . Matt , I 'm sorry . You did all you could . Now , one thing - you said that what you were getting on the main scanners didn 't make sense . Yeah . All I can figure is the equipment needs recalibration . See , when I looked at his brain wave patterns , he ... you ever stand in a room with mirrors on all 4 walls , so the reflections go on into infinity , one into the other into the other ? Yeah . Well , that 's what I saw when I looked inside his head . Multiple e. e. g. readouts , and that 's simply not possible . So it 's not ... a mathematically based language . Random consonants . Not good . Always takes longer . Excuse me . Can I have some more of these , whatever they are , please ? Salted . I work better with salt . Did you know that in the 20th century they actually thought that salt was bad for you ? Listen to the animals , I say . The lion will sit down with the lamb to share the salt lick . Good enough for them , good enough for me . A total lack of pronouns , nothing to compare it against . Never a rosetta stone when you need one . Load visual records of Lieutenant Matheson 's logs of the alien ship . Morning , Max . Captain . You 're up early . Never went down . You 've been working here all night ? Why ? There 's a number of things that I hate , Captain . I hate it when I pull up a piece of skin next to my nail and it catches every time I put it in my pocket and it hurts like a son of a gun . I hate it when I go to movies with kids in the audience because there 's always someone there that tells me I can 't kill them when they get loud . Now , who makes up these rules , anyway ? And most of all , I hate contradictions . This is a contradiction . A big one . How so ? Well , I 've been analyzing the spoken records of the alien ship all night , and I 've-i 've narrowed it down to 94 basic letters and ... 114 basic language components . That 's good . Except that the spoken record has nothing in common with the words we found written inside the ship . Now , either they have one language for speaking and one language for writing , which is highly unlikely , or else - or what ? Or someone else other than the aliens wrote all this . But there was no one else there . Exactly . So who or what drew these figures ? I mean , look at it . Just look at it . I didn 't want to say anything in front of the Captain , he 's so resistant to new ideas , but you can 't expect anyone to take him seriously wearing this . Might as well be a mechanic . It 's a standard issue uniform for crews of explorer ships and other deep-range vessels . It allows freedom of movement , it could be adapted to different climates , it has outside pockets . An officer doesn 't need pockets . He can have people carry his things for him . Where 's the rest of it ? Come , come , come , come , quickly , quickly . Blue is wrong for these . Here , take a look at this . Later . What ? But we 've just begun sorting - I have more important things to do right now . More important ? What 's more important than the right clothes for the right job , the right style for the right ... oh , I try . Goodness knows I try , but it 's just so hard some days . Why , yes , we were gonna all , you know , take the transport and leave and ... Kira ? Kira ... Yes ! Yes ! I knew that would work . This is the Captain 's log , you see . What would a Captain talk about more than his ship ? His ship . So the equivalent word for " ship " would be the most common word in the log . Once you 've established that , then you go to " my ship , " " their ship , " and it all starts falling into place . Ahh ... God , I 'm good . Display last records , text only . Holy ... Eilerson to Gideon . Gideon here . I 'll meet you in the conference room in 10 minutes . I have found something . Hold that door ! Help me ! Hold that door ! Eilerson , what the hell 's going on down there ? I 've had reports of weapons fire . We got a guard down in here . He 's been shot , and we will need medics . What happened ? There 's no time . Just listen . You 've got to close down all the decks . Seal the air doors , turn off the bullet car . Decompress the tubes if you have to , but you got seal off all the decks . Don 't let anyone out except me ! Make sure this car gets out . How 's the guard ? On life support , but I 'm not getting any brain activity . We can keep his body alive , but that 's about all . Look , what 's this all about ? What happened down there ? Why are the decks sealed off ? Max ? As I was just telling the Captain , we have been invaded . According to the records of the alien ship , they picked up a probe , they brought it on board . The only thing inside was a high-energy source , organic in nature . It disappeared after they opened the probe , and that 's when people started changing . Changing how ? Physically ? Mentally . Inside . Apparently , the energy contains an alien life force that divides and subdivides each time it moves into a new host . It 's-it 's transferred ... it 's transferred by touch ... from one person to another . In a matter of days , it took over half of their crew . That would explain the multiple brain wave patterns on the alien we found . Apparently , this alien presence tends to stay in groups , in-in colonies . They take control of one area , and then they move on to the next . By sealing off the decks , we can control how fast this thing spreads . Good thinking , Max . Thank you , but not my idea . In these records I 'm decoding , it was the first thing that the Captain chose to do when he realized that this was taking over his ship . He still thought that he could contain it . All he did was buy himself some time . In the end , he decided the only way to stop this thing was to destroy the ship and kill everyone on board . and if we don 't figure out a way to stop it ... we may have to do the same thing . Everything seems normal . Deck 8 looks clear . All right . Open up a P.A. channel on 8 . Channel open . This is the Captain . You are all ordered to remain in your quarters until told otherwise . Refrain from any contact with other members of the crew until the current situation is resolved . Activating recorder on decks 9 and 10 . Is that the same writing that you found on the alien ship ? Aye , sir . Damn . Eilerson was right about all this . I hate it when he 's right . He 'll be insufferable for days . Has there been any sign of the crew ? Negative . Either they 're staying in their quarters or they 're deliberately avoiding the recorder . Wait . Wait , hold up . Hello , Captain . I was wondering when you 'd show up . We should talk . About what ? About negotiating a peaceful way out of this . Because otherwise , neither you nor any of your crew are going to get out of this alive . Max . Are you ok ? Not really . But better than him . Is there anything we can do for him ? Anything at all ? I 'm afraid not . He took a shot to the brainstem that severed all - All we can do is keep his body alive . He was protecting me when this happened . He stepped right into the line of fire . He didn 't flinch , he didn 't think twice . He just did it . That 's what they 're trained to do . Intellectually I know that , but no one has ever ... Saved my life like this before , offering to exchange his own life for mine . I 've been standing here wondering , if he had known the subject of his attention , whether he would still consider the exchange worthwhile . I don 't think any of them can look at it that way . They look for an opportunity to serve , to protect us and the mission . That 's what he was here for in the first place . They join the military looking to serve with honor . He did that . You know , no one 's even told me his name . Greenberg . Stuart Greenberg . It 's a good name . Yes , it is . Did you contact Welles , Give him the location of our talk ? I did . We 've got security personnel welding shut the air lock now . I still think it 's too dangerous . It 's a calculated risk . I 've been studying the report of the attack on Eilerson . If they could take control of someone just based on line of sight or proximity , they would 've done so . But you can see them reaching out , transferring the alien presence by touch . As long as we make sure that they can 't touch me ... I should be fine . Well , it 's the " should " that bothers me . It 's not 100 % . Nothing ever is , Lieutenant . All right . Let 's get this done . I 'm here . Captain ... good of you to come . Who ... What are you ? We don 't have names as you do . There is the one , the beginning of us , and we who are the shadows of that beginning . As our race grew , we began to send out probes that would allow us to colonize other worlds , not by traveling ourselves , but making those places ... just like us . So instead of terraforming the planet , you terraform the people ... pass along your race memories and make them into colonies . And what they have , we have . Why risk ourselves when we can program others to become us ? So what do you want with us ? Transportation . That 's all . There are several inhabited worlds in this area . Take us to one of them , and we 'll leave peacefully . You can go on your way . While you take over their world . That would be the inevitable result . Once our kind is introduced into the population , there is no way of stopping us without killing everyone . And we would not allow that to happen . Our instinct for self-preservation is quite strong . So , in other words , exchange someone else 's world for my ship . It seems a fair trade . No deal . The price tag is too high . I don 't think you have a choice , Captain . You 've sealed us off , but we 're still here . If you starve us , you 'll only kill the poor , innocent crewmembers whose bodies we inhabit . If you send in your troops , they will leave asourtroops . Your only way out is to make us someone else 's problem . I 'll think about it . Captain . I suggest you not try anything rash . The Captain of the last ship thought he could stop us . He failed . He didn 't understand that from the moment we arrive , we have the upper hand . I don 't know . Looks more to me like a Mexican standoff . After all , you 're stuck on this ship same as we are . Anything you do to us ... you do to yourselves . Oh , not necessarily , as you 'll discover for yourself soon enough if you don 't give us what we 're asking for . Do you mind ? Sorry . I thought you were supposed to be staying in your quarters . In the middle of a crisis ? I 've got to do something , get involved , make decisions . Lighter or darker here - what do you think ? I think that you 're in my way . What is this , anyway ? It 's a record of my visit to the alien ship . Hmm . Strange , isn 't it ? What ? Well , I 'm a designer . I think in terms of lines , forms , direction . How the image adds up to something more . And ? Well , look . All those aliens touching each other like that . They were fighting . No , I 've seen fighting , and that 's not it . They form a chain leading up to that tube , the back row touching the one in front of it , and on and on to the end . We know the alien force was spread by touch . Yes ... But the numbers get smaller the closer you move to the tube , until there 's just ... one . Interesting . Dr. Chambers saw multiple e. e. g. readouts in the alien we brought back . So the personalities are all in one body again . So there you are . If touch is how the genie gets out of the bottle , then maybe touch is how the genie gets back in the bottle again . Maybe . But we still need to figure out how to get the alien forms off the ship willingly . That 's not going to be easy . Just show them this color scheme . If that doesn 't drive them off , nothing will . Lieutenant . Given what I 've just heard , it seems likely that our unwelcome guests are going to make a move sometime soon . We 've sealed off the decks , but there 's a lot they can do to hurt us , even from inside . I had the same thought . This deck alone gives them access to helm and steering controls . They could immobilize us until we agree to take them where they want to go . Exactly . So we have to limit their access to critical areas . Now , life support for these decks are still controlled from here . If we can kill the heating systems in all the areas we need to protect , then we can herd them together in one central area over here . It 'll take a while . We 'll have to override the safety protocols . But once we cut the heating system , it 'll get real cold there real fast . Then I suggest you get to it . Aye , sir . Sir , Mr. Welles is on the line . Put him through . I told you there would be consequences if you did not comply with our demands , Captain . Your actions would indicate you don 't take us seriously . Let me change that for you . Wait-wait ! Wait ! No ! Aah ! You son of a bitch , I swear to god I 'll - You 'll what ? Kill this body ? We 'll just move into another one . As long as one of us goes on , we all go on . Our mistake the last time was allowing the Captain his freedom for too long . We don 't intend to make the same mistake twice . You have exactly 10 minutes in which to surrender yourself to us . If you refuse , we 'll begin killing one of your people every 5 minutes until you change your mind . Decide quickly , Captain . You now have 9 minutes . Tell security to unlock the bullet car . I want to get in there as fast as possible . Sir , I object - and I object to sitting here letting my people get murdered . Sir , once you 're inside , they can take you over same as they did everybody else . I may have a way to stall , buy us some time , but not a lot . So we need to figure a way out of this . We 'll have to pull out plan B. What 's plan B ? We can 't afford to let these things get to an inhabited planet . If we can 't stop them ... if it looks like they 're going to gain control of the ship , I 'm authorizing self-destruct . One way or another , this ends here . Yes , sir . Welles to Gideon - you now have 4 minutes left . I know . 30 seconds to spare . I 'm a punctual kind of guy . Does our presence offend you ? Yes . But that 's not the reason . You deliberately precipitated the crisis in medbay so that she 'd have to enter without a protective suit . So whatever you are , I figure you can 't get through this any more than you can pass through a closed door . Very perceptive , Captain . Flesh is our conduit , our biochemical door into the soul and the mind . So , if you don 't mind removing that ... not a chance . Not as long as I have this . If you kill us , then you kill your own crew . Which rather defeats the point of coming . I don 't have to kill you . All I have to do is blow away the kneecap of anyone who tries it . Then we can fix the damage later , after you 're gone . And meanwhile , you 're , uh ... stuck here with people that you can 't use in a fight . As I said , perceptive . But there is one small problem with your logic . In less than an hour , your air supply will run out . Then you 'll have to take off that suit ... or die . Even you need air , Captain . That 's true . We all do , don 't we ? As Mr. Eilerson says ... " The air is human . " What is he talking about ? That 's a cliche . I never use cliches . I never said that in my entire life . If I didn 't feel for his position , I 'd consider suing . Wait a minute . The saying is , " To err is human " , not " The air is human " . Does he know he 's being monitored ? Affirmative . But they 've got the frequency as well , so they 're probably listening in . Then maybe that was meant for us . If he 's figured something out and he couldn 't say it openly , he 'd have to say it in a way they wouldn 't notice . But what does it mean ? " The air is human " . On the other ship , the bodies were pointed toward the cryotube , as if they were sending the alien force back into one person as the ship depressurized . Well , it 's obvious they need air to survive just like everyone else . If their host bodies die of oxygen deprivation , they die as well . But how does that help us ? Oh , hell . I 've got it . Sarah , how long does the average human last without oxygen ? 4-5 minutes , no more . Then you start to get brain damage . That 'll have to be enough . Come on , we gotta get to medbay . What 's in medbay ? If I 'm right , it 's our ticket out of here . Is there any way to depressurize the decks that these things have taken over ? Mr. Eilerson , there are E.V.A. suits on the main deck . If even one of them gets to them , all we 'll have succeeded in doing is killing 200 people . Trust me . Computer , how much oxygen left ? There are 24 minutes remaining of E.V.A. oxygen . Come on . Come on , figure it out . I repeat , stand by to override safety controls and depressurize decks 7 through 9 . All medical personnel stand by . Security details to all air locks . Do not allow anyone passage without challenge . Prepare to crack air lock on deck 9 . Use of deadly force is authorized . I repeat-use of deadly force authorized . Decompression alert . Repeat - decompression alert . No . Noooo ! I told them they couldn 't stop me . I told them . Hey , something 's wrong . I ... can 't move . I can 't move . I can 't move ! Don 't ... we can work this out . Don 't do this . We can work together . I know what you 're looking for . I know where you can find it ! Don 't do this . Don 't do this ! Lieutenant . Yes , sir ? You know what to do . Aye , sir . Fire . Beginning repressurization . Med teams report immediately to decks 9 and 10 . Repeat-all med teams to decks 9 and 10 a. s. a. p . We 've secured the ship , Captain . Good . Now , before you let anyone else on board , be sure the thing is decontaminated From stem to stern . I don 't want this happening all over again . Roger that , Captain . We 'll crack the database and let you know if we find anything we can use . Good luck . Move us away . Yes , sir . Captain . Mr. Welles . Feeling better ? Still a little weak around the knees , but yes , thanks to you and your crew . We 're about to head out . It 's a bit more excitement than I 'm used to . But before that , I 'd like to thank you properly . Kevin ? While we were waiting for the other ships , I finished my designs . We had them stop off en route to pick up the new uniforms So you could have them right away . New uniforms ? I didn 't want to wait a minute longer than was necessary . Huh . It 's got power , presence , strength . It 'll blend in with the ship so you 're all more a part of it . It 's official , dignified . It 's everything you could ask for in a uniform . Mr. Welles ... we 've already approved the designs with Earthforce personnel back home , and they 've given the go-ahead . Wear it with pride , Captain . That 's an order . Take a look at that collar . Yeah , I see it . I 'm not sure I 'll be able to breathe in that thing . Breathe when you 're off-duty . Yes , sir . I wanted to thank you for your help , for doing what had to be done . I keep hoping that he would have approved of using his body like that . I think so . This way , he not only saved my life , he saved everyone on the ship . And you feel better about that . A little . You 're such a puzzle to me , Max . On one level , you 've got an ego that 's as big as a galactic core . But at other times , like this ... I hear the voice of someone desperately unsure of himself . It 's such a contradiction . Not really . Not when you consider what I do compared to what they do . The most I risk is a paper cut , usually . But them , they risk it all , and ... in the end , who 's to speak for them ? Gideon . And I don 't envy him the job . Power , dignity , presence . I look like a bellhop . Begin recording letter . Confirmed . Dear Mrs. Greenberg , I was your son Stuart 's commanding officer . I wanted you to know that he gave his life in the pursuit of his duty . His actions saved the lives of over 300 of his fellow crewmen . I have submitted his name for a commendation . He was ... he was a good man , Mrs. Greenberg , and all the commendations won 't make up for his absence at the dinner table . But you should know that he was a brave man who did what needed to be done , and we all owe him our lives . My sincere condolences on your loss , and should you feel the need to talk , please ... do not hesitate to contact me . Dear mr . Arkham , your son David gave his life in the performance of his duty . I was his commanding officer .
