 Open . You sent for me , Captain ? Yes , we 're almost at the rendezvous point . I figured you 'd want to be in on the meeting . Thank you . I - well ... there 's something you don 't see every day . Where 'd you get this ? Mr. Eilerson said that He didn 't have time to print up his latest report , so he gave it to me on data crystal . After I finished watching it , I forgot to turn it off and found this at the end . There 's snow white and the 7 Narns , who 's your little pakmorat ? Others . He must have recorded over an old data crystal without erasing it first . And you 're going to pull this out the very next time he gets snotty with us , aren 't you ? No , no . That would be far too easy . Leave it to me , Dr. Chambers . Given someone as repressed as our mr . Eilerson , I can play this one out for days . As a doctor , I have to say that 's totally unrealistic . An alien life form like the pakmorat is not biologically equipped to interface with humans in that kind of - That 's an amazing thing-technology . Captain Gideon . I am anla-shok Trulann . An honor . This is my medical officer Dr. Chambers . Doctor . Please sit . So what 's this all about ? Your message said that you had information critical to our mission , but that 's all . It was all I could risk on an open channel . Like all the other Rangers , my crew and I divide our time between enforcing the rules of the Interstellar Alliance and listening for any information that might aid your search for a cure for your people . In the past , those two have never come into conflict . That has now changed . I 'm not sure I understand . The Alliance and the Rangers exist to create the peace , to ensure that the rule of law is upheld at all times . The information I have will require you to violate those laws . You will have to interfere in the affairs of another race , help a fugitive escape justice , traffic in stolen merchandise , and break any number of local laws . So the question becomes ... how far are you prepared to go ? There are 10 billion lives at stake , Trulann . I 'll break any law I have to if it means saving them . Then I may have something for you , Captain . But understand that after I leave here , I will deny this conversation ever took place . You will be alone in this . I 've been alone before . I 'm in , all the way . Matthew Gideon , Captain . Attached to the Earth Alliance starship Excalibur . To find a cure to the Drakh plague before it wipes out all life on Earth . Anywhere I have to . Who do you seek ? And who do you trust ? Captain , listen ... I was wondering If you 'd had a chance to look over the data crystal that I gave you the other day . Huh ? Oh ... no , I 've been busy . Why ? Well , I was going over my files , and I think I might 've given you a corrupt data crystal . I 've been banging the same crystals around with me this last year . They get damaged . You know how it is . I 'd hate to see you read a corrupt data crystal into your system . It can cause all kinds of havoc . True , but , uh ... then , it takes all kinds , doesn 't it , mr . Eilerson ? Hmm ? Yes . Anyway ... if you could get The data crystal back to me at your first opportunity without loading it into your system , I could get you a better copy . I really don 't - I think we should talk about this after the meeting . We really don 't have a lot of time . We have just received some promising information about this individual . His name is Natchok var from marata 7 . According to reports , our subject downloaded all the important knowledge of his race onto a series of high compression data crystals and then ... Took off . Our source believes that he intends to sell that information to the highest bidder . That 's one hell of a security breech . The Maratti government has put a price on his head for anyone who can return him and the data crystals to his homeworld . We don 't have any specifics about the nature of the information he 's carrying . Only that it covers centuries . The chance to get our hands on something that extensive is too good to pass up . Even if there 's not any useful medical data , there may be information about other civilizations that we haven 't encountered yet . It could save us years of work looking for them . So what 's the problem ? I mean , we find him and we make him an offer . He 's already been captured by bounty hunters on praxis 9 . The Maratti know he 's been captured , and they 're en route to pick him up . But we are closer to the target . We could get there before they arrive . We 'll go in , spring him and the data , and with luck , get out before the Maratti show up . Then we 'll negotiate for the information . Where does the Alliance stand with all this ? Praxis is outside Alliance jurisdiction . And the Maratti aren 't members , so we 're on our own . We have to enter someone else 's space , conduct an illegal raid to free a fugitive from justice , and buy stolen data . So if any of us is hurt , killed , or captured , no one 's going to bail us out of trouble . I vote no . You said yourself that he stole this information from his own people . Even if we do manage to get him out , it still means dealing with ... Well , a thief . And your problem with that is ? It 's nothing personal . Your profession is a fine one . The second oldest one on record , I do believe . But we have to draw the line somewhere . You 're just afraid to go into a situation without the protection of your government . An entire planet is at risk and all you care about is your own skin . I resent your implications - Mr. Eilerson ... Dureena ... obviously we are walking a very fine line here between what is right and what is moral . And to tell you the truth , I don 't know which this is . I only know that it 's necessary . If I wasn 't prepared to do whatever I had to do in order for us to accomplish our mission , I would have never signed on in the first place . So we 're going . Unless you have some more thoughts to give us on morality , mr . Eilerson . No . No other thoughts , Captain . Approaching praxis system . This is praxis 9 . It 's a commercial planetary colony , consisting of 4 domed cities in the northern hemisphere . Its outside atmosphere is extremely toxic , with high levels of carbon monoxide and methane . This dome , the largest , is the capital . It 's also the only one with a working spaceport , so if our target is anywhere , he 's probably in there . The biggest problems with the dome are getting in and getting out . If we go in the front door , they 're gonna know who we are , and I doubt the Alliance would appreciate that . Once in , if there are any problems , they can lock down the shuttle and spaceport and keep us from escaping . Then you 're going to have to drop me as far from the main dome as necessary to avoid detection . I 'll find my own way in . Captain , I must protest - we 're about to break about a half a dozen laws . I won 't let anyone take the rap for that if things go badly . It 's my decision and my ship and I 'm going . Then I 'm going with you . Dureena ... You need me to get in and out of there without being captured . I know you 're good at this sort of thing - I 've been to praxis 9 before . I know the place inside and out . On your own , even if you do get in , you 'll never find the target . I can . All right . Suit up for e. v. a . And bring a spare for the target . Lieutenant , prep a shuttle for launch . We 're going in . Aye , sir . Report on the stellar north matrix ... is there something you 'd like to tell me before we go down there ? No ... Not really . They haven 't sent any ships to investigate . We must 've come in low enough to avoid the scanners . We 're about 6 miles from the city . It 's going to be a tough haul with this dense atmosphere and terrain , but I think we can make it . It can be done . I did it . Just once . With 4 others . I think we made it just about this far . What happened ? They were killed . Coming ? We 're almost there . We should rest a minute before going in . So , when were you last here ? It was a while ago . Before my people were murdered by the Drakh . So you weren 't there when it happened ? No , i ... I was many places during that time . Some you know , some you don 't . Some you 'll never know . What brought you here ? I was learning ... to serve . We should go . Eagle one to eagle 's nest ... we found the air door . We 're going in . Well , they 're on their own now . You sure you remember the combination ? I don 't forget these things . There were 6 different combinations - for maintenance , air flow control , others - so they could track who was going in and out . Maybe they changed some of the combinations , but I doubt they would have changed all of them . Uh , it 's the gloves . They 're too thick and the keys are too small . I keep hitting 2 at a time , instead of just one . Maybe I can find something else we can use . No , I still won 't be able to key in each sequence fast enough . Someone 's bound to see us . I gotta lose the gloves . No , absolutely not ! The atmosphere is toxic - Captain ! If we don 't get in , the mission is a failure ! Now I can handle it . Just take off the gloves when I give the signal . It 's the only way . Let me know when you 're ready . You all right ? Interesting collection of people . Praxis colony is a way station for the lowest forms of life in this sector . Smugglers , terrorists , traders , usually dealing in illegal goods . Weapons , techs , supplies ... Sold for 2,200 ... All right , next up we 've got a strong male faranian here , only 24 years old , in very good shape . Speaks 2 languages . He 's got experience loading cargo , stocking supplies ... any heavy work you got , he 'll do it . Bidding starts at 400 ... and ? Nothing . I figure the Maratti will get here in 3 or 4 hours . How do we find the target ? I need a distraction . How big a distraction ? Big enough so that everyone here is looking at you . I can do that . Excuse me . Just so you know , it 's nothing personal ... maybe I should have started smaller . Aarrgh ! Aarrgh ! Unh . Ahh . Thanks . Don 't mention it . Was that a big enough distraction ? It was very nice . Does that hurt ? Profoundly . I ch - no , it 's all right . He belongs to the thief 's guild , same as me . There 's usually a few of us around a place like this . I knew I could find him on my own in time , but since we 're in a hurry , I left a sign for him during the fight . In times like this , we 're trained to look where everybody else isn 't . We need to find somebody fast . Can you help us ? Do you know those guys ? Yeah . They work for redjack . He was a small-time extortionist when I was here the last time . Probably hoping he can score big with this . We need to get inside somehow . I may have an idea . I don 't think you 've recovered from your last good idea . That would explain it . Why ? What did you have in mind ? Got it . I 'll take the reader . We do this quietly . Dureena ? Get away from the door . I said quiet . What the hell was that ? Another distraction . This way . Eagle one to eagle 's nest . We 've secured the target . We 're clear . Ready for dust-off . Confirmed , eagle one . Shuttle is en route to your position . He 's exhausted . We have to let him rest . Well , thanks to that little stunt of yours , we 'll be lucky to get off this rock before they can scramble fighters to come after us . What the hell were you thinking ? Those people were slaves on their way to being sold . Well , that 's unfortunate . But slavery is legal in this part of space . Why did we have to be - because when I was stuck in that room , waiting and praying for help , nobody did it for me ! Captain , we have a problem . Scanners have picked up a jump point opening in this sector . The silhouette looks like a warship . Is it the Maratti ? Good chance . Doctor ... Good . He 's been through a lot . See what you can do for him . Will do . Are you two all right ? I heard there were some problems down there . No ... No problem . If you need me , I 'll be on the bridge . Status . The Maratti ship just picked up a narrow-beam transmission from the planet 's surface . Probably telling them what happened . Prepare to jump . We got what we came for . I 'd rather avoid a fight if we can . With luck , their jump engines haven 't recharged yet . Stand by to jump . The Maratti vessel is accelerating . Moving to intercept . Jump engines are on-line . Jump . Any sign of pursuit ? Negative . Looks like we 've gotten by - stand by . Don 't say " stand by " when we 're one word away from good news . We 're picking up a distortion field . The Maratti vessel has entered hyperspace . They are pursuing . Full power to engines . Let 's see if we can outrun her . Aye , sir . Full power to engines . I can 't examine you properly with those in the way . Do you understand me ? I have learned the words of many other races ... Against the laws of my own people . Good . Then if you 'll just put those down - I must hold them ... until I decide ... who is deserving to have them . What does deserving have to do with it ? We heard you planned to sell that information to the highest bidder . Yes ... I 'm sure this is what you were told . But there is no price high enough for what is in here . When I find the right person , the right place , it will be given freely . And are we the right people ? I do not know . Until I do ... I will hold this . They just fired a warning shot , Captain . I 'm getting a signal . They want to send someone to talk with you . To try and resolve this ... Peacefully . All right . Give them docking instructions . Make sure they 're thoroughly searched for weapons on arrival . Reduce speed one-fourth . Aye , sir . Reducing speed one-quarter . I 'm Captain Matthew Gideon of the starship Excalibur . This is apriori flentak . First counselor , Minister of justice , sanctioned - I get it . And you are ? Nix , the translator . Like others of his station , Apriori flentak does not speak the words of other races for reasons of morality and intellectual purity . Really ? Tell your boss he 's an ass . I told him you were honored and deeply humbled to have a being of such high moral character aboard your ship . Do you do this a lot , lie to protect his ego ? All the time . It 's politics . And self-reservation . Understood . So , let 's talk . Understand that we are the recognized legal authority on our world . This person you have taken onboard your ship - Allegedly . Allegedly taken onboard your ship ... is a known criminal and a troublemaker . What he has taken would cause us great difficulty in the hands of the wrong people . You must turn them both over to us . Assuming that this person is onboard - and I 'm not saying he is - what if I say no ? We are attempting to be merciful , but we will not allow him to leave this area alive . If that means destroying your ship and your crew , we will do so . I might be willing to take that chance in a fair fight . A fair fight is not what they have in mind , Captain . Captain to the bridge . What is it ? Intruders on an approach vector , coming into visual range now . I say we turn him over . We didn 't come all this way to roll over and play dead . Better to play dead than the real thing . We don 't even know what we 're fighting for here . Has he told you anything about this information he stole ? Anything to indicate it was worth dying for ? No , but I do get the sense that it 's important . Hah , thank you . Now , if you could just sense the card that I am thinking of , we can join the carnival . That 's enough , mr . Eilerson . Where are the 2 Maratti who came aboard ? In the brig . That seemed safest until I figure out what to do . My guess is they won 't attack as long as their people are on board . More divine revelation . I 'm positively awestruck . Look , do what you will , but I did not sign on to die for something like this . We have to put the needs of Earth first . Our mission is to find a cure for the Drakh plague , not to give shelter to every refugee that we come across . Now , we can either save him or we can keep trying to save the 10 billion people back home . Do the math , Captain . Personal diary continued . Survey of tarkon 3 reveals no sign of survivors . How can a world so big feel so alone ? This is yours ? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . One of you ? One of you did all this ? By the time he was 35 . When I find myself getting too smug , I remind myself that when mozart was my age , he 'd been dead for 6 years . Beautiful . Beautiful . We 've been discussing your situation , Natchok . I 've had to start making some hard decisions . My ship , my people , our mission , they 're all at risk . I 'm willing to accept that risk if the goal is worthwhile . You will not have to make that decision , Captain . I have made it for you . I will go back with the others . But why ? You came all the way here , put yourself and us through all this - you are surrounded , and you are outnumbered . If I stay , the odds are I will die . So what is to be gained by fighting ? Maybe nothing , maybe a lot . I 'd like to be the one to make that decision . I brought you here . I have the obligation to protect you . And I thank you for that . But the choice is not yours to make ... unless you intend to hold me against my will . I suspect they will not harm me , Captain . They want me as an example to others . But I have done what I set out to do , found what I needed to find . Now only one thing remains , we must copy these for you , quickly . Natchok will meet you in the flight bay . These men will escort you there safely . You 'll all go in together . We will take the data crystals , but minister flentak does not wish to sit beside a criminal . None of our people will sit with him . We will send another ship programmed to take him back on autopilot . When he reaches home , we will give him a fair trial . Yes , I 'm sure you will . First shuttle is away . I don 't like this . It 's too easy . Yes . Did he tell you anything more about the data ? Just that it contained all the important knowledge of his race . I 've got Dr. Chambers analyzing it now . Why would he want to go back when he knows there 's going to be trouble ? He seemed almost eager to get clear of us , to make sure that we 'd get away . Second shuttle 's taking position ... launching . Put me through to the second shuttle . I want to ask Natchok a few questions . Shuttle 2 is on autopilot , sir . What ? You mean there 's no one else in there ? Yes , sir . Why didn 't you tell me ? Launch a fighter escort . Maratti warship powering up forward guns . Shuttle has been destroyed . Warships opening jump points . Shall we pursue ? No . No . Take us away from here , Lieutenant . Anywhere . Just ... take us away . The moment Natchok got on an empty shuttle , he must have known what they had in mind . So why did he do it ? I 've turned it every way I can . It doesn 't make sense . What was on those crystals that was worth dying for , just to get them to somebody else ? He didn 't tell you ? No . Why ? What 's on there ? Music , poetry , songs . Stories going back centuries . The recorded creative output of an entire planet . Here , I found this , too . Today , the final edict came down . The death warrant for everything we have built as a people . They are burning the books , they are burning the music , burning the arts , tearing down the statues . Our leaders say that art is a waste of time , that art is decadent , subversive , indecent . They say we must become more competitive , more aggressive ... That we cannot support the drain on our moral strength placed upon us by ideas that do not support the goals of the state . Stories and music that do not reinforce the will of the state . Art that doesn 't - they have erased it all from the planetary datanet and burned all the copies in private hands . Nearly all . I have the last copy . I have it all . If I can escape , I will try to find someone somewhere who can appreciate what we have . What we had . Perhaps someday ... My people will understand what they have lost and ask for it back . That hope is all that sustains me . I 've only had a chance to review a little of it , but ... what I 've seen is beautiful , stunning beyond anything I can describe . Nothing useful , then . No , nothing scientifically useful , but that 's not the point . Advanced cultures sooner or later figure out that hydrogen is the most common element in the universe . They have different names for it , but it 's the same thing . Science is a universal constant . It 's there for anyone to discover as long as you can do the math . But you don 't just discover ode on a Grecian urn or Beethoven or Gauguin . When the last copy is burned , it 's gone forever . He threw away his life . Sarah , he said that it contained all the important knowledge of his race . Then I guess it 's a question of what you consider important , Captain . Eilerson said it himself . We have to be focused on the needs of Earth . And this does . Don 't you understand ? I 've listened to it . The stories , the music they 're all about hope . Hope enough to inspire a dozen generations . We talk about the needs of Earth . Well , there 's more to it than the obvious . While we 're waiting on science to discover the math that will lead to a cure , we need something to sustain us . This is the music and the literature of hope . It 's what we need . Another culture forgot that . We can 't . Not now , not ever . I 'll chart the next stop . We 'll start looking again tomorrow . The Rangers say they have a lead on an alien medical research vessel spotted in sector 200 . Maybe we can find something . Captain - Good night , doctor . First officer 's personal journal . Continue . Recording . Back when I was a kid in Sunday school , father Minkowski once said ... given that crucifixion was a terrible thing for anyone to endure , if you could go back in time 2,200 years , would you prevent the crucifixion of christ ? Well , after a heated debate , we all agreed the answer was no . The crucifixion was necessary to redeem the world . When they said that Natchok was gonna get a fair trial , even though I was deliberately trying not to scan them telepathically , I could sense they were lying ... but I didn 't go deeper . I just assumed that it meant that ... he would get a mock trial . I didn 't even suspect the truth until - till I saw ... Natchok . He knew . He knew . By dying , he saved a part of his world . And maybe even a part of Earth . If I would 've said anything , I would 've guaranteed that his dream died with him , so I did nothing , as he would 've wanted . Nothing ... to save the souls of billions . I choose to believe I withheld that information from my Captain for lofty reasons , and not because I was afraid that by revealing what I knew , I was violating the new rules for telepaths . Because it was right ! Not because I was protecting my own ass . But I guess I 'll never know . How odd ... to know everyone 's heart ... but my own . You 're up late . I couldn 't sleep . It 's been a long day . Thought I 'd come by and , uh ... pick up a little of that . Something easy on the ears , something ... hopeful . Here 's a copy of what I was just listening to . I think it will do . I guess we could all use a little hope from time to time . I 'm sorry I was short with you earlier . It 's just ... the reason that they picked me for this job is that ... I have a thing about death . I don 't like it when the people around me die . I 've seen too much of it in my time . Is this because of what happened on Thecerberus ? You were just an ensign back then . There was nothing you could do . 347 officers and crewdied aboard Thecerberus , doctor . Many of them were my friends . And because of that accident , now you take death personally . No , not personally , and it wasn 't - wasn 't what ? Nothing . Good night , doctor . Yes . I was thinking about what happened down on praxis 9 , and I thought I 'd stop by and ... see if you wanted to talk about it . No . Not really . So what was on the data crystals ? More of Eilerson 's special videos ? No . It 's , uh ... Hope . At least , according to Dr. Chambers . Here . Well , I should ... it was my family . They , uh , sold me into slavery to pay off their debts . Did what they had to do . It doesn 't bother me . When , uh ... when do you want that back ? When you 're done with it .
