 Welcome to Gattaca . You keep your workstation so clean , Jerome . It 's next to godliness . - lsn 't that what they say ? - Godliness . I reviewed your flight plan . Not one error in a million keystrokes . Phenomenal. lt 's right that someone like you is taking us to Titan . Has the committee approved the mission ? There 's been talk of delay . You shouldn 't listen to talk . You leave in a week . You 've got a substance test . If you have been notified for substance analysis , please report to the testing center . Jerome ! Never shy . Pisses on command . A beautiful piece of equipment there , Jerome . Whoever told you that . Only every time I 'm in here . Occupational hazard. I see a great many in the course of any given day . Yours just happens to be an exceptional example . Why my folks didn 't order one like that for me ? By the way , have I ever told you about my son ? No , you haven 't . Remind me to sometime . So , you 're about to go up . One week left . Please tell me you 're the least bit excited . I 'll tell you at the end of the week . Congratulations , Jerome . Thank you . How many launches are there in a day ? A dozen ? Sometimes more . You 're the only one who watches every one of them . If you 're going to pretend like you don 't care , don 't look up . The most unremarkable of events . Jerome Morrow , Navigator 1st Class , is about to embark on a one-year manned mission to Titan , the 14th moon of Saturn . A highly prestigious assignment . Although , for Jerome , selection was virtually guaranteed at birth . He 's blessed with all the gifts required for such an undertaking . A genetic quotient second to none . No , there 's truly nothing remarkable about the progress of Jerome Morrow . Except that I am not Jerome Morrow . I was conceived in the Riviera . Not the French Riviera . The Detroit variety . They used to say that a child conceived in love has a greater chance of happiness . They don 't say that anymore . I never understand what possessed my mother to put her faith in God 's hand rather than those of her local geneticist . Ten fingers , ten toes , that 's all that used to matter . Not now . Now only seconds old , the exact time and cause of my death was already known . Neurological condition , 60 % probability . Manic depression , 42 % probability . Attention deficit disorder , 89 % probability . Heart disorder ... 99 % probability . Early fatal potential . Life expectancy , 30.2 years . 30 years ? ! - The name for the certificate ? - Anton . No ! Vincent Anton . Yeah . That 's a good name . I know he 'll do something . You 'll do something . Vincent ? From an early age I came to think of myself as others thought of me . Chronically ill . Every skinned knee and runny nose was treated as if it were life threatening . I 'm sorry , the insurance won 't cover it . If he fell- - - But I was told that everything was gonna be okay . - I really wish there was something I could do . Like most other parents of their day , they would determine that their next child would be brought into the world in what has become the natural way . Your extracted eggs , Marie , have been fertilized with Antonio 's sperm . After screening , we are left as you see with two healthy boys and two very healthy girls . Naturally , no critical predispositions to any of the major inheritable diseases . All that remains is to select the most compatible candidate . First we may as well decide on gender . Have you given it any thought ? We would want Vincent to have a brother , you know , to play with . - Of course you would . Hello , Vincent . - Hi . You have specified hazel eyes , dark hair and a fair skin . I 've taken the liberty of eradicating any potentially prejudicial conditions . Premature baldness , myopia , alcoholism , and addictive susceptibilty , propensity for violence , obesity , etc . We didn 't want ... I mean , diseases , yes , but ... Right , we were just wondering if its good to just leave a few things to chance . You want to give your child the best possible start . Believe me , we have enough imperfection built in already . Your child doesn 't need any additional burdens . And keep in mind , this child is still you . Simply the best of you . You could conceive naturally a thousand times and never get such a result . That 's how my brother Anton came into the world . A son my father considered worthy of his name . What did I tell you ? You see how much he 's grown ? By the time we were playing at blood brothers , I understood that there was something very different flowing through my veins . And I 'd need an awful lot more than a drop , if I was going to get anywhere . Our favorite game is Chicken . When our parents weren 't watching , we used to swim as far out as we dared . It was about who would get scared and turn back first . Come on , you coward ! Of course it was always me . Anton was by far the stronger swimmer and he had no excuse to fail . 300 million , 350 million , 400 million . Maybe it was the love of the planets , maybe it was just my growing dislike for this one , but for as long as I can remember , I 've dreamed of going into space . 750 million , 800 million , 850 million . How many astronauts are there anyway ? I bet I could be one if I wanted . Hey , don 't eat that ! It 's Pluto . My goals didn 't change a lot in the intervening years . Vincent . Much to my parents ' dismay . Vincent . You have to be realistic . With a heart condition like yours ... . Mom , there 's a chance that there 's nothing even wrong with my heart . One chance in a hundred . - l 'll take it alright . - The trouble is they won 't . Listen , for God 's sake , you gotta understand something . The only way that you 'll see the inside of a spaceship is if you are cleaning it . My father was right . It didn 't matter how much I lied on my résumé . My real résumé was in my cells . Why should anybody invest all that money to train me when there are a thousand other applicants with a far cleaner profile ? Of course , it 's illegal to discriminate . " Genoism " , it 's called . But no one takes the law seriously . If you refuse to disclose , they can always take a sample from a door handle or a handshake . Even the saliva on your application form . If in doubt , a legal drug test can just as easily become an illegal peek at your future in the company . You sure you wanna do this ? You know you 're gonna lose . It was the last time we swam together . Out into the open sea . Like always , knowing each stroke to the horizon was one we 'd have to make back to the shore . But something was very different about that day . Every time Anton tried to pull away , he found me right beside him . Until finally the impossible happened . Vincent ! Vincent ! It was the one moment in our lives that my brother was not as strong as he believed , and I was not as weak . It was the moment that made everything else possible . Like many others in my situation , I moved around a lot in the next few years getting work where I could . I must 've cleaned half the toilets in the state . I belong to a new underclass , no longer determined by social status or the color of your skin . Welcome to Gattaca , gentlemen . No , we now have discrimination down to a science . All right , there 's your cleaning material . Start from the front and clean all the way back . And I wanna see my smiling face on that floor . What about you , your majesty ? Dreaming of space ? Come here . You can start by cleaning this space right here . I was never more certain that how far away I was from my goal , than when I was standing right beside it . When you clean the glass , Vincent , don 't clean it too well . What do you mean ? You might get ideas . Yeah , but if the glass is clean , it 'll be easier for you to see me when I 'm on the other side of it . From my brave talk I knew it was just that . No matter how much I trained or how much I studied , the best test score in the world wasn 't gonna matter unless I had the blood test to go with it . I made up my mind to resort to more extreme measures . The man who showed up at my doorstep didn 't exactly advertise in the Yellow Pages . Stand straight . - How did you hear about me ? - People . Any distinguishing marks ? Tattoos , scars , birthmarks ? I don 't think so . Are you serious about this ? I hope you 're not wasting my time . I 'd give a 100 % . That 'll get you halfway there . That 's an old edition , but I know it all by heart . By heart , huh ? You realize the commitment is binding . You have somebody in mind ? For the genetically superior , success is easier to attain , but it is by no means guaranteed . After all , there is no gene for fate . And when for one reason or another a member of the elite falls on hard times , their genetic identity becomes a valued commodity for the unscrupulous . One man 's loss is another man 's gain . His credentials are impeccable . An expiration date you wouldn 't believe . The guy 's practically gonna live forever . He has got an IQ off the register . Better than 20 / 20 in both eyes . And the heart of an ox . He could run through a wall . If he could still run . Actually , he was a bigtime swimming star . You could go anywhere with this guy 's helix tucked under your arm . What did I tell you ? You look so right together , I wanna double my fee . - We don 't look anything alike . - It 's close enough . When was the last time anybody looked at a photograph ? You could have my face on your name tag , for Christ 's sake . How do I explain the accident ? That 's the beautiful thing . It happened out of the country . There 's no record he ever broke his back . As far as anyone 's concerned , he 's still a working , talking , fully productive member of society . You just have to get him clean and fill in the last year of his life . You 're a foreigner . They don 't care where you were born . Just how . Blood has no nationality . As long as it 's got what they are looking for , it 's the only passport you need . - Who lives up there ? - Well , I certainly don 't . So began the process of becoming Jerome . Myopia is one of the most obvious signs of a disadvantaged birth . Isn 't there another way ? No , surgery is no good . They 'll see the scars . It 's contact lenses or a white cane . Besides , the color doesn 't match . He 's right . My eyes are prettier . You understand I take 25 % of everything you make . If for some reason it doesn 't work out , all this equipment must be returned within seven days . - And you don 't get your deposit back . - Wait ! Wait , wait , I thought you said 20 % . - It 's only 20 % . - 20 % . It 's not negotiable . - l guess that 's it . - Not quite . - What , what ? - There 's still the matter of the height . - Why ? How tall are you ? - 4 ' 6 " . How tall were you before the accident ? Unfortunately his profile says he 's 6 ' 1 " . So , I can wear lifts . Even with lifts , you 're not that tall . So what ? No . No . - No , we never discussed that . - Oh , I thought you were serious , Vincent . I am serious. I 'm not doing that . I won 't do that . Jerome never questioned my commitment again . I took my mind off the pain by reminding myself that when I eventually did stand up , I 'd be exactly two inches closer to the stars . - You all right ? - Yeah . Do you wanna go dancing ? You had to be a right-hander , huh ? I guess no one orders southpaws anymore . " Jerome Morrow . " It 's a nice name . - lt 's my name . - l can 't be you without it . What makes you think you can be me at all ? Look at this . - Look at it . - lt 's nice . I 'm impressed. ls it real ? Are you color-blind too , Vincent ? - lt 's silver . - So ? Jerome Morrow was never meant to be one step down on the podium . With all I had going for me , I was still second best . Me . So how do you expect to pull this off ? I don 't know , exactly . Your signature needs work . It soon came time to put our preparations to the test . Jerome had been engineered with everything he needed to get into Gattaca , except the desire to do so . Do you really wanna be in there ? I don 't wanna be in there . I wanna be up there . - What 's up there ? - That 's want I wanna find out , Jerome . Call me Eugene . My middle name . If you 're gonna be Jerome , you 'd better start getting used to it . - l gotta get going . Where 's my sample ? - ln the refrigerator . Door on the left . - Which pouch ? - Any of them . - You think I should test it ? - lf you like . My God , what 's wrong with the machine ? There is nothing wrong with the machine . It 's a hot sample . You 've been drinking again . - l haven 't ! - Oh Christ , Eugene , it 's 8 o 'clock in the morning ! I haven 't ! This is no joke ! My interview is in an hour ! There is more vodka in this piss than there is piss ! I 'm sorry. I had half a glass to celebrate . I 'm sorry . - Try Friday 's . That one will be okay . - There 's only Wednesday left . Wednesday . That 's the one . Listen , it 's not too late to back out . This is the last day that you 're gonna be you , and I 'm gonna be me . Well ? Congratulations . What about the interview ? That was it . I got it . Of course you got it . And that 's the way it was . Each day I would dispose of as much loose skin , fingernails and hair as possible to limit how much of my In-Valid self I would leave in the Valid world . At the same time , Eugene prepared samples of his own superior body matter , so that I might pass for him . Customized urine pouches for the frequent substance tests . Fingertip blood saches for security checks and vials filled with other traces . While Eugene supplied me with a new identity , I paid the rent and kept him in the style to which he 'd become accustomed . Eugene never suffered from the routine discrimination of the " utero " , or " faith birth " , or " In-Valid " as we were called . A " Valid " , a " vitro " , a " made man " , he suffered under a different burden ... the burden of perfection . I was now a member of a relatively new and particularly detested segment of society . One of those who refuses to play the hand that he was dealt . I am most commonly known as a " borrowed ladder " . Or a " de-gene-erate " . In the guise of Jerome Morrow , I 've risen quickly through the ranks of Gattaca . Only one of the mission directors has ever come close to discovering my true identity . Strange to think , he may have more success exposing me in death than he ever did in life . - Well , I think we can rule out suicide . - Excuse me , sir ? Nothing . Thank you . This is gonna take a while . We may have to push things back . Irene , I want you to assist the investigators . My work , Director . That would put me behind . I appreciate your sacrifice , Irene . Will you see to it I don 't lose my place in line ? Your place is assured . So would you kindly inform the authorities that we will cooperate in any way , although we can 't tolerate a major disruption . Director ! - Thank you , Irene . - Thank you , director . Director , how will this affect the mission ? Oh ! We 're still going ahead as planned . The launch window is only open until weeks end and tragic though this event may be , it hasn 't stopped the planets turning , has it ? - What happened ? - l 'm going up . When ? - End of the week . - End of the week ? That soon ? What about the mission director ? He 's dead . Are you serious ? They found him in his office this morning beaten so badly , they had to check his name tag . You are serious . So , thats it . There 's nothing between us and ignition . I 'm going up . - The man was murdered . - So ? I didn 't do it . I didn 't say you did it , but if the man was murdered , the place is gonna be crawling with Hoovers . I 'll take my chances with the J. Edgars over the mission director . Besides , what if they do find something ? I 'm gonna be slightly out of their jurisdiction . We have to get drunk immediately . - Good evening , gentlemen . - Good evening . - You have our tables ready ? - l understand you 're leaving us , Mr. Morrow . - Yeah , looks that way . - We 're gonna miss you . - You 've opened the wine , I hope ? - Of course , sir . - Pour yourself a glass , Cavendish . - Thank you , sir . - How old ? - Me ? The specimen . I kissed him five minutes ago . A real good one ! I 'll see what I can do . - You want the full sequence ? - Yes . Thank you . Good luck . 9.3 . Quite a catch . Yes . Quite a catch . God , how many times have I told Cavendish ? This can 't have been open more than five minutes ago ! A wine like this needs to breathe . Remember that . You know , they say when you 're weightless , it 's the closest thing to being in the womb . I can 't believe you pulled this off . They 're sending you up there . Up there for Christ 's sake ! You , of all people ! I hate to think of yo alone in that room for a year . Don 't think about it , anyway . The room I 'm stuck in is bigger than your tin can . You know what I 'm saying . What are you gonna do ? I have my books. I go places in my head . - l 'd be happier if you had some company . - l have visitors . - Yeah , well , none that you don 't pay . - l wouldn 't have it any other way . Seriously . What are you gonna do ? I 'm gonna finish this . What 's Titan like this time of year ? What 's Titan like ? Titan is exactly like this . All the time , it 's got a cloud around it so thick , nobody can tell what 's underneath . Maybe there 's nothing there . There 's something there . You should be going , instead of me . Why is that ? Because up there your legs wouldn 't matter . I 'm scared of heights . I 'm sorry . Do you want this ? I 'll save some for you , shall I ? - l 'm so sorry. I 'm really sorry . - You 're not that sorry . I 'm really , really sorry . Don 't give me a hard time . Give me a break . - Come on ! Come on ! Help ! Help ! - l 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . - You know , I wasn 't drunk . - What do you mean , you 're not drunk ? - When I walked in front of that car . - What car ? I stepped right out in front of it . I 'd never been more sober in my life . - Go to sleep . - l couldn 't even get that right , could I ? If at first you don 't succeed , try , try again . Go to sleep . I 'm proud of you , Vincent . You must be drunk to call me Vincent . - How much do you need ? - 20 minutes . You can go . It 's all right , Irene . You 're excused . We found our man . It 's the only specimen in the time and place that can 't be accounted for . - Every 10 years or so things go our way . - The eyelash ? - What do you know about it ? - He is an unregistered ln-Valid . He was a janitor here until a few years back when he disappeared out of sight . So the specimen could have been here since then . Well , take a look at the floor side . I don 't think anything lays around here for very long . There 's also the matter of motive . Is the janitor gonna come back here after all this time to kill a man he never knew ? Well , his profile does suggest the violent temperament . If I 'm not mistaken , his profile also suggests he 's a sick man . There 's a 90 % chance the owner of this eyelash has already died himself of natural causes . That leaves a 10 % chance he 's still alive . It 's a lost and find case , sir . All we have to do is find the man who has minus an eyelash . We have the murderer . I 'll do a cross-check . I 'll find out about his family . Whether he 's got- - I already run it . He has no record of any living relatives . Well that 's a damn shame , sir . I want you check the entry log . Alibis , grudges . I look around I see a lot of dry eyes . The mission director was not universally loved . He was leading cutbacks in the program . With all due respect , sir ... Whatever you say . Jerome , Jerome the metronome . I could play the piano by that heartbeat of his . Mr. Director , you will be pleased to know that we have a suspect . That is a relief . Who is he ? We found an unaccounted-for specimen in the south wing , and here 's his picture . - An ln-Valid . - We 're still following other leads . Be that as it may , I 'm having this posted immediately . I 'm curious , director . An advantage , I should imagine , in your line of work . - Your hiring practices . - Our recruitment philosophy . Who do you have to be , to be here ? Oh , naturally our standard is beyond that of the common citizen . Even amongst your people you must have varying levels of excellence . Occasionally we 've been forced to accept candidates with minor short-comings . But nothing that would prohibit someone from working in a field , such as law enforcement , for example . But now , there are enough of the right kind of people to warrant a new measuring stick . Bodies with minds to match . Essential , as we push out further and further . Yet you still closely monitor performance . We have to ensure that people are meeting their potential . And exceeding it ? - No one exceeds his potential . - lf he did ? It simply means that we didn 't accurately gauge his potential in the first place . - Are you all right Jerome ? - Terrific . This is the entry log for the last seven days . What about you , Irene ? Do you have an alibi ? - l was alone . - l find that hard to believe . Excuse me . I 'll take care of that for you , Mr. Morrow . I see I 'm not the only one who looks up every time there 's a launch . - Hello , Jerome . - Hello . - lt 's awful about the director . - Awful it didn 't happen sooner . Didn 't the director threaten to cancel your mission more than once , Jerome ? - Yes , he did . - Somebody did you a favor . Do you have any idea who 's hand I should be shaking ? They found an eyelash in the south wing . - Does it have a name ? - Just some In-Valid . Jerome ... I had you sequenced. I read your profile . I 'm sorry . Seems you 're everything they say you are and more . What about you , Irene ? You 're engineered just like the rest of us . Not quite like the rest of you . " Unacceptable likelihood of heart failure . " I think that 's what the manual says . The only trip I 'll take in space is around the sun and it 's satellite right here . Well , if there 's anything wrong with you , I can 't see it from where I 'm standing . If you don 't believe me ... . Here . Take it . If you 're still interested , let me know . I 'm sorry , the wind caught it . Please check the latest Gattaca bulletin . Jerome , is this the approach path we discussed ? - Absolutely , director . - Quite right . Quite right . Listen to what I 'm saying to you . I want what I ordered . It 's a completely different color . No , I 'm bored of talking to you . I 'm bored . I 'll call you back . That was the company that sell us your hair dye . They 've sent me " Summer Wheat " instead of " Honey Dome " . Any fool knows lt 's two shades lighter . She said , " Why don 't you try a change ? " I don 't want the change . We can 't use the change . Now I 'm probably gonna have to pay for the five boxes they 've sent me . We can 't stay here . The idiots I have to deal with . You wouldn 't believe ! They think I killed the mission director . - What makes them think that ? - They found my eyelash . - Where ? - ln the corridor . Oh , well , it could be worse . They could 've found it in your eye . They 've got my picture plastered up all over the place . I can 't turn around without seeing my own face . - They 'll recognize me . - They won 't recognize you . - They 'll recognize me ! - l don 't recognize you ! They won 't marry the eyelash to you . They won 't believe . That one of their elite could 've suckered them all this time . No , no , no , no , no . We change nothing . We do as we planned . You 're Jerome Morrow , Navigator 1st Class . I 'm not Jerome Morrow . I 'm a murder suspect . What are you doing ? What are you doing ? ! That 's more than a day 's worth ! - Wait . - We can 't stay here . Stop that ! Oh , fine . Fine ! You leave it if you want . But you 're not taking that stuff . That stuff ... it 's mine ! I could 've rented myself out to somebody with a spine , if I 'd known you were gonna go belly-up on me at the last fucking gasp ! You can 't quit on me now . I 've put too much into this . What do you you want me to do ? Wheel in there and finish the job myself ? Eugene , they are going to find me . You still don 't understand , do you ? When they look at you , they don 't see you anymore . They only see me . Keep your lashes on your lids where they belong . How could you be so careless ? - l 'm going out . - Where 're you going ? Well , if I 'm gonna get arrested tomorrow , I 'm going out tonight . Are you sure that 's a good idea to go out ? Well , it was your idea not to change anything . - Who 's going ? - l 'd say everybody . Everybody . If I don 't go , it 'll look suspicious . You don 't want to look suspicious to you ? Thanks . Who ordered this ? What are we doing here ? I 'm following a lead . Forgive me , sir , but that 's what I do . I 'm a detective , I follow leads . What makes you think the owner of the eyelash is here ? He 's an ln-Valid , sir . Where do we look for In-Valids , - but where the ln-Valids are . - He 's an ln-Valid . He 's an ln-Valid clever enough to go unregistered all these years . Do you think he 's likely to lie down for us now ? - Well , what would do you suggest , sir ? - Move the enquiry back to the scene . Draw a 5-mile radius around Gattaca , sweep again . Random stops . - You 're a navigator ? At Gattaca ? - That 's what it says , doesn 't it ? It doesn 't say you 're crippled . I 'm not crippled . I hurt my leg training , you moron . - How dare you question me ? - Yeah , right . - What 's your number ? - All right , forget it . No , what 's your number , you fucking flatfoot ? ! Look , I said forget it . What do you want , an apology ? It gets to you , doesn 't it ? It gets to you that I can do what you can only dream of . I 'm getting off this ball of dirt ! How dare you question me ? That 's harassment ! My mistake . What 's your number ? What 's your number ? ! May I remind you that this is a crime scene . What 's this man doing here ? - What are you doing , old man ? - Doing my job , sir . - This is evidence . - But it 's just trash . - You didn 't know ? - Oh , yes . Yeah . Wonderful , wasn 't it ? Twelve fingers or one , it 's how you play . That piece can only be played with twelve . What 's all this about ? It 's probably nothing . Hey , you better not. I don 't wanna give you a contaminated specimen . Get my meaning ? Thanks . You never know where those swabs have been . I wanna show you something . Come on , we 'll miss it . Come on . Come on , we 'll miss it . Come on . What did I tell you ? - Strange . - What ? Your eyes look different . I guess it must be the light . Must be . Positive match. I 'm impressed . The cup was definitely used since the orginal sweep ? Two samples , two days . Either the suspect went back to the scene of the crime to get a drink of water , and I don 't know anybody that thirsty , or he still works there . I thought we checked all the service staff . I don 't think he cleans up the place anymore . I have a feeling he might be there under false pretenses , playing somebody else 's hand . A borrowed ladder at Gattaca ? It 's far-fetched , but it 's none other but a possibility . I find it hard to believe he could be one of their elite workers . Even if he got past our security system , he wouldn 't have the mental faculty or the physical stamina . Maybe we 're underestimating him . Maybe he is an impostor , and maybe the director found out about it . That could be his motive . I say we sample every employee within the parameters , intravenously . Two thirds of their work force fall into that category . We 'd be closing them down for days . No . A fingertip sample or a urine should be sufficient . I suggest blood from the vein . I hope I 'm not out of line . It 's only a matter of time , sir . Only a matter of time . What 's with the plungers , Lamar ? You open up a blood bank ? Well , the gentlemen of law enforcement are concerned that my testing methods may have been compromised . - Goddamn ! - Jerome , I 'm sorry . What , you gotta practice some more ? - Here , let me look at that . - It 's all right . It 's all right . It 's all right . Luckily , it looks as though we have enough . Well , if you need any more , you can always get it off his shoes . Irene . So you didn 't do it after all . No , I guess somebody beat me to it . I guess . I leave in two days . I guess you know that . But ... That 's the last . - Something 's not right . - He 's not here. lt 's a blind alley . No , we missed something . I say we test again . Test ? I cannot allow you to disrupt operations any further . You 're not at all concerned about having a murderer in your midst ? Right now your presence is creating more of a threat . The window for our latest launch is open for seven days once every 70 years . So , it 's rather crucial we leave on time . This mission means a great deal to you , doesn 't it ? And your late colleague opposed it , didn 't he ? Take another look at my profile , detective . You won 't find a violent bone in my body . My apologies , Director . We won 't trouble you any further . This is not the only place we can look . Okay . Let 's start making the rounds . I 'm luckier than most . Not as lucky as some . - l know something about that . - You , Jerome ? What heart problem did you ever have ? Did you get yours broken once ? I had this crazy idea that you were more interested in the murder case than me . You 're right . That 's a crazy idea . Would you like to dance ? It 's funny . You work so hard , you do everything you can to get away from a place ... and when you finally get your chance to leave ... you find a reason to stay . A year is a long time . Not so long . Just once around the sun . Hello everyone . Noce to see you . I 'm your detective for the evening . Please don 't leave the premises . I said nobody leave ! Am I speaking in some kind of strange foreign language ? Check for hair , check for lenses , check dentures , I want napkins , I want cigarette butts , I want the saliva off the tea cups . That 's a familiar face . Check him out , will you ? I thought you wanted to dance . Excuse me . Where are you going ? Oh , yeah . Hang on just a minute . Jerome ! Jerome ! - Are you insane ? - Come on . Come on ! Where did they go ? Where did they go ? ! Come on . Come on . - Don 't you understand ? I can 't do that . - You just did . Don 't touch your face . Don 't swallow . Don 't spit . Let 's clean his teeth . Vincent ! Vincent ! Who 's Vincent ? Don 't say anything . Don 't say anything . What happened ? The scars on your legs ? Remember the ' 99 Chrysler LeBaron ? This is the exact height of the front fender . Looked left instead of right . Did you just make that up , or do you use it all the time ? I use it all the time . I know you had something to do with the director 's death . That 's not true , Irene . Isn 't that the man from last night ? He 's nobody . He is one of our best . I 'm certain he has nothing to do with this business . Jerome Morrow . You don 't look well , Jerome . Why don 't you go home ? - Can I help you ? - l 'm looking for Jerome Morrow . I 'm sorry . He 's ill . A little nausea . It 's quite common before a mission . Really ? I ought to pay him a visit . I understand you can show me the way . You don 't know who he is , do you , Irene ? - Hello ? - Eugene , I need you to be yourself for the day . - l was never very good at it , remember . - The investigators are coming by . - l 'm supposed to be sick . - So you keep telling me . - How long have I got ? - Not long . I guess he 's not home . - Hello ? - l 'm here to see Jerome Morrow . Yes , that 's me . Come up . I guess he 's home . Come in . Come in . Hello , sweetheart . Where 's my kiss ? Good to see you 're feeling better . Of course , now that you 're here . Who 's your friend ? How can I help ? - lt 's about the director . - Huh ? Again ? - l hope it 's no trouble . - No , no . No trouble . - Forgive me for not giving you a guided tour . - Couldn 't we do this another time ? - This won 't take a moment . - Maybe he can tell me what I 've got . Who were you expecting ? - Yes ? - We have our man , sir . - You have him ? - We have him in custody . I 'll come right away . - How are you , Jerome ? - Not bad , Jerome . - How the hell did you get up here ? - l can always walk. I 've been faking it . lrene. lrene. Irene ! - Don 't touch me ! - Listen to me , Irene . I don 't even know who you are . I 'm the same person I was yesterday . I can 't hear any more of your lies , Jerome . My name is Vincent ! Vincent Anton Freeman . And I 'm a faith birth or a de-gene-erate or whatever you wanna call it . But I 'm not a murderer . - You 're a God-child ? - We do have one thing in common . Only I don 't have 20 or 30 years left in mine . Mine is already 10,000 beats overdue . It 's not possible . You are the authority on what is not possible . Aren 't you , Irene ? They have got you looking so hard for any flaw that after a while that 's all that you see . For whatever it 's worth , I 'm here to tell you that it is possible . It is possible . Congratulations , sir . You did it . His spit was found in the dead director 's eye . An un-accounted for specimen . While I was busy obsessing about an eyelash , your instincts took us into the right direction . So the ln-Valid had nothing to do with this ? No . Our friend here acted alone . This mission meant everything to him . Didn 't it ? He knows that if they miss this launch window , he won 't live to see the next one . And since nothing can stop the launch now , he 's being very , very cooperative . So , I imagine you 'll be celebrating tonight , sir ? Of course . I think she likes us . Yeah , sure . Just give her a little bit of time , she 'll get used to the idea . What was he like ? - Who , the cop ? - Yeah . - He was just a cop . - Did you catch his name ? Actually , my name was the topic of conservation . Yeah , well , he 'll be back . You have already said they have their man. lt 's over . No , it 's not over . I have to meet him . Vincent ? My God , you have changed . Has it has been so long you don 't recognize your own brother ? Are we brothers ? Our parents both died thinking they 'd outlived you . I had my doubts . What are you doing here Anton ? I should ask you that question . I have a right to be here . You don 't . You almost sound as if you believe that . I committed no murder . You must be disappointed . You committed fraud . Listen , you 're in a lot of trouble , Vincent . I can get you out of here . Do you have any idea what it took to get in here ? You 've gone as far as you can go . You come with me now ! - There 's still a few million miles left to go . - lt 's over ! Is that the only way you can succeed is to see me fail ? - I 'm telling you- - - God ! Even you are gonna tell me what I can and can 't do now ? In case you haven 't noticed , I don 't need any rescuing . But you did once . Well , you 've got all the answers . How do you explain that ? You didn 't beat me that day. I beat myself . Who 're you trying to convince ? You want me to prove it to you ? It 's not important , Anton. lt 's forgotten . I 'll prove it to you . Do you want me to prove it to you ? ! I 'll prove it to you ! I do . Vincent ! Vincent ! Where 's the shore ? We 're too far out . - You wanna quit ? - We 're too far out ! You wanna quit ? No ! Vincent ! How are you doing this , Vincent ? Have you done any of this ? We have to go back . It 's too late for that . We 're closer to the other side . What other side ? You wanna drown us both ? You wanna know how I did it ? This is how I did it , Anton. I never saved anything for the swim back . You couldn 't see , could you ? That night , crossing the street . You crossed anyway . If you 're still interested , let me know . Sorry ... The wind caught it . You 're flying today , aren 't you ? Look at what a mess you 're in . Come on. I have your samples ready . I don 't need any samples where l 'm going . You might when you get back . Everything you need to last you two lifetimes . Why have you done all this ? So , Jerome will always be here when you need him . - Where are you going ? - l 'm traveling too . I don 't know how to thank you . No , no , no . I got the better end of the deal . I only lent you my body . You lent me your dream . Not until you 're upstairs . - What is this ? - New policy . - Flight got you nervous ? - Well there 's a problem , Lamar . I never did tell you about my son , did I ? He 's a big fan of yours . Just remember that I was as good as any and better than most . - He wants to apply here . - l could have gone up and back . And nobody would 've been the wiser . Unfortunately , my son 's not all that they promised . But then , who knows what he could do ? Right ? For future reference , right-handed men don 't hold it with their left . Just one of those things . You 're gonna miss your flight , Vincent . For someone who was never meant for this world , I must confess I 'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it . Of course , they say every atom in our bodies was once part of a star . Maybe I 'm not leaving . Maybe I 'm going home .
