 It was a long time ago ... a new black hole created by an explosion of supernovae ... started signalling to the Earth with its intense magnetic field . Then an unusual incident occurred on Earth : two meteorites hit the Earth simultaneously , in two places closely located . Come on , Izumi ! What are you doing ? This isn 't a swimming pool ! Sorry . She 's so wild . Don 't be.They like her , too . Are you satisfied now ? Sure . Dry yourself off . You guys are in the same school ? Yes , we are . He 's Ikehata , a high dive coach . She 's Izumi , Japan 's new hope for the high dive . These guys are working part time here during the break . He 's Ukiya and he 's Mao , which means ' true fish ' ... but he can 't swim . They are model ' bad ' students . Please , Nakajima ! We 're the students who came ... here to learn how to communicate with dolphins . Sure , sure . Be nice to her at school , will you ? August in the Water Thanks for this . Please keep it . My class is right here anyway . Thanks for the ride . See you later . I can 't wait for the festival . At this time of year ... I respond to the hype ... spontaneously . We 're short of water now , but the festival uses tons of it . Oh , don 't you worry . They 'll manage . 'Brothels and festivals survive , no matter what ' . Or so my Dad says . ... the city is struck by a mysterious illness , but ... research into its cause and a treatment for it are underway . We 're confronted by some other strange events , such as drought ... Do you know things are happening in the universe ? No . Things like the explosion of supernovae , and meteorites ... hitting the Earth are bad omens . The planetary positions seem bad . I don 't go for that kind of story . It 's Miki 's talk . But she may be proved right the weather 's strange and worsening . A grand cross of the planets might happen in 1999 . If it does occur , we 're all gonna die soon . You know , I feel terrified at the thought of dying ... before realising my ambitions . It keeps me awake at night . Don 't you ? Not really . You don 't worry much , huh ? But I do ! Gotta talk to Miki . Look who 's here ! The great hope is skipping class ! No , no I wanted some fresh air because I didn 't feel well . What a coincidence we may share the same fate ! Can 't see any UFO 's . One 's been seen at Mount Miko ... where the historic site was discovered just after ... After the meteorite incident , right ? My brother in law said ... that it looks like an ancient computer , made of stone . Really ? I didn 't know that ... Are you into that stuff , too ? Me ? Guess not . Why not ? Why not ? I don 't know . I wonder if I could talk to your brother in law tomorrow ? Tomorrow ? Yeah . I 'll see you on Sunday then . Yes , at your place . I 'll definitely come . Don 't tell me you 're shy with girls . It 's obvious . You were flirting ! No , that 's not true . It 's so obvious , you and her . Come on ! Come on what ? Mmmm ... The moon and Uranus represent water , which indicates she is ... inclined towards water and sports . And , how interesting ... isn 't she a star athlete ? Bingo ! Did it again . I am always right . Keep going . She 's a Leo ... a cheerful and pretty girl ... Her sign is extraordinary ! She is ! So she 's a new student at our school ? She 's cute . We could be rivals . How about our compatibility ? Do you really want to know ? Just press the key . So ? You and her ... Forget it ! Your signs don 't match at all . Few girls match you anyway . She 's cool ! Give us a good dive , Izumi ! Super-cool , Izumi ! She 's sexy ! She makes me hard . I 'll leave you two alone . How will you get back ? I 'm glad you made it today . I 'm a little embarrassed though . Ummm ... where 's Ukiya ? He said he had to go . Congratulations , Izumi ! God ! It 's so high ! Aren 't you scared ? Sure . I 'm a coward . But how do you do it ? I don 't know ... You know what ? Ukiya left us alone . Oh ... I see . The light 's green . Ukiya ! I love ... this smell of the water evaporating . The summer in Hakata ! Ukiya ! Ukiya ! Come with me , will you ? Don 't I look cool ? Yeah , yeah you do . Sure I do . Right ? Right , right . You 're sure ? Positive . When did you know ? Last night . Are you sure about this ? I checked it over and over . They say a monk started the festival , in an attempt to stop the spread of epidemics . Really ? It often seems effective in getting rid of diseases . A monk gets on the portable shrine and sprinkles water ... like an exorcist would . You seem to know a lot about it . My brother in law is a researcher . He knows a lot . That 's great . Have you heard about that strange illness ? Yeah ... called 'turning to stone disease ' . It occurs only in this town . It makes your organs like stones . Scary ! What 's wrong ? Are you OK ? Izumi Hazuki 's data High probability of an accident on August 23rd . Danger ! It may take her life . I didn 't say that . That 's Miki 's data . Rubbish ! It can 't be true . But she 's often right . I know , but she can 't change anything . Anyway , that day there 's a tournament . That 's a worry that two meteorites reportedly fell in the vicinity of our city ... simultaneously , and one of them was found at Mount Miko . Are they valuable ? Yes , as research material . It 's extraordinary that ... two meteorites fell to Earth , which is just a dot in ... the universe , and that they landed so close to each other . Don 't expect it 'll be postponed ! Keep on working ! About the tournament day ? Yes , the date and the place may be changed . Because of the drought ? Yes , the water shortage . I 'll take you there . I wanted to meet him . You said he 's cute . Yeah , but I got my period . So soon ? Yours seems irregular recently . Mine , too . My body 's been strange since we moved to this town . Human bodies are sensitive . It reminds me of high diving . It 's a petrograph from the historic site found recently . What does it mean ? My husband said the first one shows the outburst of supernovae . And the next one shows the 'evaporating stone ' ... the final one may be a kind of Shamanic ceremony . These signs correspond to events happening now . Shortages of water in the city have become serious ... and supply has been stopped completely for half a day ... The city was thinking about cancelling the tournament ... but then decided to go ahead . What can we do anyway ? Let 's just hope that ... nothing serious is gonna happen . Strange ... it feels like the water is somehow ' hard ' ... I can 't get over this feeling . Don 't give me that ! I 'll do my best this time . Any otherfamily members ? If a computer chip serves as a human brain ... eventually it won 't need the human body . Then shortages of water orfood won 't be problems any more . Space exploration would also be more practicable ... Yes , there are possibilities . The human brain holds ... many possibilities , but these are yet to be fully explored . Miki ... asked an old shaman to pray for Izumi . You probably don 't believe in it , but who don 't you try this once ... to pray from your heart as hard as you can , as Miki said ? That old shaman is reliable . The doctor said it was really an unusual accident . Izumi was just unlucky . If she doesn 't come out of the coma ... she may not make it . I 'm Izumi 's sister ... You saved her , but I wonder if she 'll get another chance . I 'm sorry . It 's not yourfault , Mao . Sorry . I could do nothing then . ... 135 ... 136 ... Miki ! You made it , Izumi ! So soon ! I 'm so happy ! You came back ! She 's just out of the hospital . I feel different now ... things look so fresh and dear ... That accident brought back old feelings to me . During a class in primary school , I was staring at ... parts of my body like nails or hair , and then ... As I looked more closely at them ... I became aware of the particles that make up my body . You mean like cells ? Even smaller than atoms or molecules . However small , they 're part of me . Then I realised there are ... even smaller parts than the air , which are still parts of me . And all the particles like that of my classmates or of a chair ... there are no boundaries between us . Even the desk became ' me ' . Then I thought ... of myselfbeing split into two one as the particles and ... one as the person who became so conscious of these things . That made me feel anxious ... and scared . So I tried to distract myself from my thoughts ... but instead I felt so lonely , because all of a sudden ... I found myselfyearning for trees , leaves , ground , water . They became so dear to me ... and I wanted to hug all of them , and forget everything else . But then I realised I was taking a lesson ... and tried to stay still until the end of it . It was this feeling . Do you feel that way now ? I 'm not scared about the boundaries any more . When I was in the coma ... I tried hard to remember ... a favour someone asked me ... but I can 't . It 's coming . What 's coming ? Can 't you hear ? What ? Now you 've learnt that humans don 't contribute to the Earth ... We do nothing for the Earth we are useless to it . The evacuation of mankind would be the proposal of the ecologist . We only waste the resources that the Earth gives us . Understand ? Now I 'll give you the questions for the next exam ... 'What 's the relationship between constancy and internal milieu ? ' 'How are autonomic nerves and the function of hormones related ? ' 'Explain the relationship between auxins and refraction of light ' . She 's different . The C.T. scans and other tests show no problems ... But she is different now . How can I explain ... she seems distant . Her mind seems to be wandering . Look at the waterfall . It was once boasted of ... as having the biggest volume of water , but now it 's dry . We lost our parents at an early age , so we became close ... to each other.There 've never been any secrets between us . But now she doesn 't talk to me any more . I worry about her . What are you doing ? Can 't you see ? See what ? It 's OK . What is it ? What did you see ? Never mind . A present for you . For aquickunderstanding ofthe movementsofthemoonand planets A bookthatwillremain in your mindforever . ! . ! Thanks . Don 't mention it . What 's the matter ? Hold me . I 'm always with you . Hold me tight . I won 't let you go . We are almost at the point where an old shrine used to be . We 've followed the same path we used to take . The scent of wild animals has gone now . Oops ! What 's this ? We stopped the camera because of this couple . Are you looking for UFO 's ? One 's been seen here a lot . There are also the rumours about fireballs and ghosts . But be careful now . It 's become strange here since they moved the old shrine . That could be why the meteorites fell here . It was a source of water , but it 's now neglected and dry . We may have been cursed by a god . Are you going to the historic site ? It 's an unusual place . We shouldn 't go too close . You may go , but be careful . We 're observing this area ... to see if any unusual changes or incidents occur . Why don 't you come and see some of the tapes later ? We 've recorded so much . Good idea . Do come ! Camping and fires are prohibited in the restricted zones Somebody broke into an astrophysics laboratory this afternoon ... stole a meteorite , and beat Professor Takigawa with a rock ... killing him . The suspect is on the run . The police are treating it as a homicide and are searching for him . The police warn the neighbourhood to be careful ... and are looking for them to provide any information they may have . The stolen meteorite was from Mount Miko and ... was being kept in the research lab at the university . Professor Takigawa had written several books on meteorites ... and was a leading scholar in the field of astrophysics . People in the community are shocked by the news , whilst ... the suspect 's identity remains unknown . Fortunately , my husband was out of town . I thought Izumi was with you ? Yes , she was in bed just before ... then she went out . I just learned about the murder . I 'm so worried now ... Where the hell could she be now ? I hope she 's all right . Excuse me . This is a police announcement ... the suspect is very dangerous and ... . is still at large . Please take extra precautions when you are out . I 'm positive ... that suspect must have two meteorites . The police don 't know anything . It 's a curse from God . Yeah , I saw her , alone ... a little before dusk . It was strange , as she was alone . We haven 't seen her since then . She might be home by now . Be careful ! We believe that the suspect is heading for Mount Miko . We 'll search the mountain for the suspect tonight . I feel like the whole town turned to stone ... because of this long drought . This is crazy . Izumi warned me not to come too close to computers . She said it makes me more vulnerable to the ' stone disease ' . I had a strange dream on the way to the hospital . It was so real that I couldn 't talk after the dream . In the dream , people didn 't need water any more . People 's minds became computer chips made of stone . The computer was connected to the universe , which ... made it easy to transport your mind instantly to the moon . One could talk to anyone or aliens anywhere , anytime ... through the chip . That made me so happy . Then I awoke and started thinking about the ' stone disease ' . I think we came from another part of the universe to Earth a long , long time ago . But we want to go back home again . In order to return , we have to turn ourselves into stone . You see , the liquid ' water 'only exists on Earth . In the distant future , a miracle may take place where ... a man made of water may be brought to life again . Why were you there ? I had to persuade him . 'Him ' ? He 's from the ' stone tribe ' . 'The stone tribe ' ? What 's that ? One of the stone beings keeping the order of atomic energy . But isn 't he a human being ? He only takes that form ... but he belongs to the stone tribe . I may diagnose her as suffering from 'sudden schizophrenia ' . It 'll take more time to see if these delusions ... caused by shock , are indeed temporary or not . The beings of stone are undetected now . Many people will be sacrificed . The stone tribe want to take over . They want to return everything on Earth back to stone . Are you still trying ? I have to take strong measures . Mysteries of unusual incidents Telepathic communication with the murderer Is the murderer an alien ? The strange incidents that happened to Izumi Hazuki Miraculously recovered from a very serious accident 'She has the ability to communicate with dolphins and plants . 'And now she 's even able to communicate with a divine voice . 'She uses only telepathy . 'In this way , she learned the cause of the ' stone disease ' ... 'and the water shortage that are affecting Genkai City . 'According to Izumi , the explosion of supernovae ... 'caused a dislocation of the planetary positions , which ... 'changed the intensity of the magnetic field at Mount Miko . 'This in turn has ultimately lead to the mysterious incidents there . 'She said strong measures should be taken to normalise ... 'the intensity of the magnetic field and the cosmic energy . ' Here comes Izumi ! She 's out of hospital . She doesn 't look so good ... You son of a bitch ! You told the reporter about her ! What 's wrong ? I don 't like liars ! You 're a bastard ! Enough ! Get out of here ! Shame on you ! Get out of here ! This isn 't a show ! I 'm sorry . It was because of me . Please don 't get mad . You 've recovered ! I 'd better ... go now . I see . I 'll take you home . I 'm scared of the bike ... I 'm OK by myself . Dead water . More areas without water . More victims of the 'stone disease Sclerosis syndrome of cranial nerves In the year when the people neglected the god of water ... two stones fell to the ground after a flash in heaven . Water supplies fail and the village is seized with ' stone disease ' . A person ' chosen ' to restore the balance performed ... an old traditional ceremony on a night with a full moon . That 's amazingly similar to our case . I 'm still not completely sure about the ceremony , though . I have a funny feeling . You may not believe it , Mao , but Izumi may be in trouble . Izumi 's sister has been hospitalised maybe it 's the ' stone disease ' . I 'm also concerned about Izumi , who has spasms . So , I just gave her a tranquiliser . Are you OK ? The uterus becomes hardened , like a stone . She wanted to have a baby so badly ... I can 't wait any longer . It 's time to take action . I have to do it . What is it , Izumi ? Izumi , what 's wrong with you ? Where 're you going ? Izumi ! Come on , Izumi ! Wake up and listen to me ! What you hear orfeel isn 't real . You 're running away ! Wake up , please . Can you hear me ? I can 't wait ... I must do it . Mao , I must have been dead since the accident . It was a miracle that I came back to life . That 's why I felt whatever I saw and heard was so fresh . I felt like meeting with my dear old friends , but now it 's time to set myself free . I have to go . I 've got something to do.Thanks. You will see me whenever you wish to meet me . This is what we 've been expecting . The site at Mount Miko did it . This is the moment we 've yearned for , for so long . It will rain shortly ! Izumi ? ! Great I can flush the toilet now ! Fantastic ! I can flush the toilet ! Izumi is still missing , since she was last seen at Mount Miko . Mao , who was found this morning , is suffering from ... temporary amnesia , caused by shock . The police have no clues as to Izumi 's whereabouts . They 're now awaiting some information coming from ... civilian sources . I hope she 's safe . Where 's Izumi ? We can find her with this charm . Don 't worry , OK ? This is ' Ohagi ' , yourfavourite . Please have some . Izumi 's still missing . The police and psychiatrists interrogations were severe ... but I 'd lost my memory of the incident completely . After the heavy rain had 'purified ' the town ... not many people were affected by the ' stone disease ' . The petrographs and the record Miki found were talked ... about everywhere . The media also helped search for Izumi . Many scholars from around the world came to our town ... to study the site , together with Yo 's husband . I was also at the site , to observe what was discovered . And I hoped to find some clues about Izumi 's disappearance . Later , I participated in the study as a volunteer , and found that that area contained unusual amounts of energy . Here is the diary I mentioned on the phone . 'What the dolphin had told me was ... 'the perfect balance . ' A few years later , I became a devoted researcher into ... the study of special remains found all over the world , together with young scholars from the pan Pacific area . The diary and what Izumi had experienced were to be the guide ... for my studies , but the memories faded as I got older . After some years , I met a woman and got married . There are so many things that happened in my life ... I became really old and suffered from brain disease ... but I felt free , as though I were freed from the Earth 's gravity . Sometimes I become uncertain if it was ... real , dream or just memories , and whether I 'm alive or not . Translation : Kiyo Joo Quaisnord Subtitles : Lord Retsudo Starring : Rena KOMINE as Izumi Shinsuke Aoki as Mao Masaki TAKARAI as Ukiya Naho TODA as Yo Reiko MATSUO as Miki Executive Producer : Shoetsu SATO Producer : Binbun FURUSAWA Cinematographer : Norimichi KASAMATSU Gaffer : Kouichi WATANABE Production Designer : Yuji HAYASHIDA Music : Hiroyuki ONOGAWA Sound Mixer : Takenori MISAWA Scripter : Naoko MORI Editor : Hiroshi MATSUO Written Directed by Sogo ISHII
