 Bonsoir . I am lokar , potentate of thug locusts . I 'm sitting in for space ghost , who 's visiting his mum in central Florida . Tonight I have some gems from thespace ghostvault . Well , actually these are not gems . They 're just repackaged squalor contrived to occupy precious time on the network , thereby providing you infantile humans your weespace ghostfix for the week . This eventide will manifest two uncommon chapters from thespace ghost sequence . This maiden article is from a homestead video relea ... get these spiders off of me ! Excuse me . There were some arachnids in here . Anyway , it 's quite beyond my discernment what you asinine humans think is so bleeding marvelous ... bleeding marvelous ... about the puerile space imbecile and his stupid pal greeny ! Roll the crap ! Please don 't jump on me , spiders . All righty ! We have some interviews with the stars of the mask . Look , here comes Jim now . His mask is better than yours . Shut your yap , you stupid cricket . - Hello , Jim . - Were you followed ? Uh ... No . Good . You know , I just called zorak a cricket , but he 's really a mantis . - Oh , really ? - He 's really a mantis . Excellent . Impersonate me ! This kind of mantis ? Say , that 's pretty good ! I used to love mantises . I used to love to , like , get a mantis and a grasshopper , put them in a jar , and shake them up . A grass-mantis shake ? Now , if only we knew where to find a big grasshopper . Shut up ! Cool . All right . Hey , Jim , can you impersonate me ? Childish . I love the killer ray , man . And it loves you . - Really ? - Yes , but love it carefully . It 's a very delicate instrument . It doesn 't just go off every once in a while and SWAT somebody ? No . I meant to do that . Oh , man . - He 'll live . - He always does . So do you love my mask as well , citizen mask ? Space ghost mask is excellent ... But where are the ears , man ? - Don 't need them . - I read lips . Excellent . What ? What ? Ha ha ha ! Ha ha ha ! Uh ... Cool . All right . I hear ... get it ? Hear ? That you can make your heart beat out of your chest . Do it . Uh , that 's just really a side effect from the drugs . Drugs are bad . Cool . All right . I 've never taken drugs . - Quit bragging . - Sorry . All right . Do you have any words of wisdom to tell the universe ? To the universe ? No , to the universe . Uh , uh ... Yeah . Um , no . Bye , then . Cool . All right . Whatever . I 'm really sorry , zorak . I didn 't mean to ... yeah , sure , space ghost . - It just went off . - Really ! Sure it did . Ugh ... Did he have a sidekick or something ? - What , do you mean those teens ? Ha ha ! - They 're history . That 's cool . My next guest is Charles Russell . He directedthe mask . Citizen Charles , welcome to the show . Thank you very much . - I could be an actor . - I 've got the look . - Well , the yellow cape is good . - I like yellow a lot . Me , too ! We have a nice banana-yellow zoot suit inmask . Bananas are a good source of potassium . That 's true . So very , very true . So what about the rest of my suit ? It 's strong , it 's powerful , but I think it 's time for space ghost to break out . I like the way you think , Chuck . I think I might want to do something with the wardrobe . I think I want to do something maybe with a little more color . You want to paint me up all green like the mguy ? The truth , though , is that Jim carrey actually is green . Zorak is green ... With evil . I think having an evil bandleader is always a plus because it gives you that special edge to the music . - Yeah , whatever . - We 're not here to talk about music , Chuck . We 're here to talk about me and my talk show on the cartoon network , - which airs Friday nights at 11 P.M. - Eastern standard time . Although , space ghost , I must say I 've enjoyed some of your earlier work in particular . - That was nothing . - I was typecast ! But the Tex Avery , uh , Chuck Jones ... those guys are old-school . - I was typecast ! - Don 't you get that ? I kept getting superhero parts , saving galaxies . I wanted more heroic roles like ... like Lassie ! I 've always been bored with Lassie , who ... bored with Lassie ? ! Lassie 's king ! Yeah , Lassie 's king ! Did he have a sidekick or something ? Lassie hater . Normally , I 'd ask you if you had any final words for the universe , but we 're out of time for you ... isn 't that funny ? Isn 't that jovial ? Look , look , he 's so precious . All right , would some personage out there please elucidate to me what in the name of all that 's dear was so capricious about that piece ? Oh ! Comedy ! I see ! Comedy ! Yes , let 's probe that word , shall we ? Comedy ... popular distraction comprised of revelry , jape , jest , or humorous ... humorous ... performance . Frankly , I find more drollery in a regional neighborhood renaissance festival than in this space ghost crap ! I shall return after this ... aah ! Get away from ... stop touching ! Aah ! After this message from the guarantor . When it all comes down to it , this ensuing scrap of offal would be my peculiar pampered darling . " Why ? " You may ask . Well , I shall tell you . This singular episode , christenedstorybook house with kirk the storyteller and Carl the cartoonist , rankled the invariant space ghostbeholder to the extreme . Roll the crap , please ! Welcome to the amazing tales of the classic superhero space ghost , who 's entertained young and old for generations . I 'm kirk the storyteller , and I will be your narrator . Carl the cartoonist will help me tell the stories by drawing pictures as we go along . The scene for our first story is set in the future and features space ghost and his adversaries moltar and zorak . We are in moltar 's control room , where moltar and zorak scheme to defeat space ghost . Zorak asks where space ghost is , and moltar replies he 's in the back with his new sea-monkey kit . We now see space ghost reading from a sheet of directions . He reads that now he has created an adorable home for sea-monkeys . - " Open the pouch , " - The directions read . " It contains sea-monkey pellets . " Pour them into the bowl , " and in just minutes your sea-monkeys will flourish with life . " Meantime , zorak , on the monitor in the control room , is up to mischief as he speaks an incantation . " Lombaaki creo plomo pleozona ah ah . " - " What is that ? " - Asks moltar . Zorak replies it is a spell from his new book , the joy of incantations . It gives him power over space ghost 's mind . Meantime , before the bowl where space ghost is creating his sea-monkeys , he continues to read the direction sheet . " Soon , " he reads , " you will be able to observe " your sea-monkeys as they make families , " have dinner , purchase fine autos , " and perform other daily life activities , all within the domain of the sea-monkey bowl . " Back in the control room , moltar explains it 's time to get the space ghost . He broadcasts for space ghost to return to the set . Space ghost has heard the message , and he says to his sea-monkeys , " I have to go , sea-monkeys . Here , have one of my special supervitamins . " And now , on his show set , space ghost greets his audience . " Greetings . I 'm space ghost , " and joining me on the show " are rap artist schooly d and weird al yankovic . - " - Say hello , schooly ! - Say hello , al ! " " Hey , what 's up , man ? - I 'm all right . - How you doing ? " But then zorak comes forward and speaks his evil incantation . " Lombaaki creo plomo pleozona ah ah . " The space ghost loses control as zorak commands him to say something stupid . Space ghost asks if they would like him to swallow a live mollusk . Space ghost then turns to schooly and says that to further demonstrate his powers , he will show schooly his bowl of sea-monkeys . " Look at these monkeys ! " One of them ... whom I named banjo ... " will become the king of the sea-monkeys . " Now watch this . " Banjo , jump out of the bowl and show yourself to us . Now , banjo , you 've got a lot of growing to do . " Banjo grows rapidly under space ghost 's superpowers . Now al yankovic joins them , saying that he , too , has magic powers . For example , he can turn red traffic lights green just by staring at them . Space ghost laughs and says that that is enough to get him on the show , but now zorak , alive again , appears and menaces them . Banjo the sea-monkey , who has grown to enormous size , comes to the rescue , displaying his own superpowers . Banjo shoots a laser at zorak , and zorak is destroyed once and for all . However , space ghost says that despite banjo 's help , the sea-monkey is a danger to everyone . Banjo , as he grows ever larger , will possess too much power . Space ghost shoots a ray and destroys banjo . Now space ghost regrets his action . " Why , " he says , " do we always hurt the one we love ? " Why , banjo ? Why ? " Banjo ! Banjo ! Banjo ! " And so we conclude this amazing story of the classic superhero space ghost . That doesn 't make sense . No . This is the storyteller saying we 'll be back in a minute ... - well , that 's it , then . - Space ghostis crap ! Now , I can understand you 'd obviously prefer to slurp frommywell of artistic endeavor , so here for you now I present an ambrosial morsel of my neoteric travail that I 've entitled America 's funniest funny videos . Stand by for boisterous mirth ! Captioning made possible by Turner entertainment group and U.S. department of education captioning performed by the national captioning institute , inc . Oh , my goodness ! Oh , that is so ... oh ! Oh ! Ha ha ha ! Oh , no ! Oh , no ! Not the street ... not walking down ! Oh , look ! He turned around , and he 's walking ! Ha ha ha ! Oh , that girl 's sitting reading a book ! I didn 't know Americans could read ! Ha ha ha ! Oh , he 's just wiped his hands on the ... ha ha ! On the thing ... with the thing ! He 's got the thing on the ... ha ha ha !
