 Subs made by genia _ WaRLoRD Our planet is a blue planet , Deep Blue water dwarfing the patches of land we call earth . Deep Blue - the source of life itself . Here , half a million albatross jostle for space to breed on a tiny island in the Southern Ocean . After thousand of miles of searching , at last the deep blue offers it 's bounty . The Ocean sustains far more life then all of the land , but it is unevenly spread hiding and shifting in blue space . Gathering seabirds betray a discovery . The fish shoals have broken their cover . This is a world of constant jeoparedy , An endless cycle of birth death and renewal . For a new generation of sea lions , life begins at the coast . A place of saftey to which their mothers return only to give birth . The unfamiliar land becomes a gentle nursery , A place where the young pups gather strength as they grow in readyness for a harsher life at sea . Killer whales have only a few days to take advantage of the naive young pups . Soon the sea lions will learn to avoid the shalows of high tide . Meanwhile , the whales risk being stranded on the shore as they take their prey . It 's a dangerous business and the young killers must be taught to hunt in open water Before they can risk the shore . At the coastline , the earth and sea meet to form a borderland , A world of tension where moods shift with the tides . Away from the coastline in the bright warm water , a tiny portion of the Ocean holds its greatest riches . The coral reefs , a narrow band of sun fed life only found in the shallows of tropical seas . This is a fragile world built upon the smallest of organisms , The coral polyps whose skeletons form the reef , colonies that may strech for hundred of miles . A gentle whale shark , the largest fish in the sea , visits the reef during the green of a plankton bloom , sifting the water through its gills . The moon has a powerful force upon the deep . Her ghostly realm is a different world , when new rules apply . Rooted to the spot , even the coral must fight a wall for territoty . shooting out deadly stinging cells to paralyse and then eat their neighbours alive . The darkness brings it 's own mood , A change of rhytm where the creatures of the light must find a hiding place . A crevice under a coral head , will provide shelter for the night , but no certainty that you will see the dawn . For others , the darkness is feeding time . The night feeders have no need of light Special sensors allow them to detect the slightest movement . Even the smallest electical twich of muscle bring them close Ready to choose their victim . Storm and rain and wind and cloud churn the seas with their own power . The violent mixing of the waters brings life awakend and fuelled by light from the sun . Underwater currents mix and blend the liquid world , Whipping up the nourishing swarms of tiny organisms on which so many other animals feed . The boneless creatures have their place too , trailing their tentacles behind their pusling forms , Capturing their own pray as they drift . At the ends of the earth , north and south , The frosen Oceans wait for the return of the sun , the force that draws life from the still waters . Polar bears , no longer safe on firm ice , are forced to take to the water . In the far south , Emperor penguins gather in vast numbers at the ice edge . They are sleek and fast , ready to face the harshest weather conditions on earth . As the Antarctic summer ends , almost all life heads to the north , Away from the freezing waters , but still the Emperor penguins remain . They face a long and arduous journey south , 100 Miles across the frozen wasteland , to breed . For three months , the male birds will starve enduring temperatures of - 70 degrees and 100 mile an hour winds . In the Arctic , whinter turns liquid sea into solid ground , and for the first time since summer melted the ice , the polar bears can move across the Ocean with ease . After months of near starvation , the bears are on a desperate search for food , and a new generation must learn to hunt . They scour their frozen world for signs of nesting seals hidden in ice caves . The freezing sea brings danger as well as opportunity . Locked under a sheet of winter ice , these Beluga whales are trapped . It will be many weeks before the ice opens up and they can swim to clear water . For now , they are forced to share this tiny breathing space , surfacing to snatch air and battling to keep the ice away . This time the bear fails , but the Belugas will keep the scars of the hunters claws on their arching , streamlined backs . Those that survive their icy prison will eventually return to the freedom of the open seas . The warming sun once again chases away the ice , and Gray whales travel 6000 miles to gorge in the polar seas . this three month old baby is new to the open sea , and the mother Grey whale must swim slowly as she guides it to the feeding grounds . Wary of the 30 ton mother , who is twice their size , the hunters target the vulnerable calf . After hours of harrying by the killers , the baby whale is exhausted . Now the hunters try to push him away from his mother . They try to drown him . The calf is dead . Six hours after the chase began , the killers finally have their prize . The mother , bereft of the baby she carried in her womb for 30 months , must continue her jorney alone . The killers have taken only the tongue and lower jaw of the baby whale . Away from all land , the open Ocean , an endless expance of blue , a vast watery desert . Here , wandering giants travel thousands of miles on the oceanic currents in search of food . A lonely traveller in liquid space . In just a few secret places in the blue , normally solitary wanderers come together in great gatherings . Amid the fury , a 30 ton giant rises from the blue . Leave the narrow strip of rich sunlit waters of the ocean surface , and jurney downwards into perpetual night . With each sinking meter pressure builds , the temperature falls , all light from the surface fades . More men have been into space then have visited the depest riches of this alien world . Go deeper and life under preasure adapts , changes ready to play a deadly game of hide and seek . Down here , the only light comes from the inhabitants of the deep themselfs . Some use it as a lure to attract prey . For others the light is a decoy flashes wich dazzle and confuse their hunters . The deep ocean floor is by far the largest habitat on earth , Covering more then a half of all the sea bed . Here , the presure is 500 times greater then at the surface . It is mostly flat , but here and there it is scarred by massive wounds . The oceans ' depest reach , the Marianas trench , plummets seven miles down towards the earths core . The mid-ecean ridges are the largest geological structures on earth . They stretch 30,000 miles . Water , hot as molted lead , gushes from chimneys as high as 16 storey buildings . The Black Smokers Highly poisonous hydrogen sulphide billows into the water creating biological hell . And yet , even here , there is life in enormous quantities . These chimneys are some of the most densely inhabited spots on earth , pillars of life where animals exist without energy from the sun . Every single night , life without number emerges from the deep . They come to feed in the reach surface water , A daily ritual which is the greatest biological migration on the planet . We have sought out the stars and our moon without getting to know the deep . Yet it is the ocean that continues to surprise us . So far , we have explored only a tiny fraction of the deep , home to the largest creature that has ever existed . There were once 300,000 blue whales in our oceans , Now just 1 % of these glorios animals remain , and yet we continue to plunder their secret world . Subs made by genia _ WaRLoRD
