 The Unborn Today the police uncovers a big casino , it was managed by a Thai businessman and was covered with the Kala-OK . The police also discovered related evidence on the spot , among them including big cash and gambling tools According to the police , this is the biggest casino in this region through the years . And it has already operated over three years according to the report . Police has arrested the representative director . But he makes every effort denying involving in it . And quarrels seriously with the police on the spot . According to the police 's elucidation , the scale of this casino has overstepped the casinos the police has ever found out through the years . It 's wager gold exceeds ten million . Because of rain I have no way to speed . The rain ? What are you doing ? Every time be late . Our things are almost used up . Would you mind shut up ? You bumped my car into pieces . I have nothing to say , If there is anything , please call me . Hello , hurry up ! Why the hurry ? What 's the matter ? Is Qiter angry with you ? Yes , but just a little . You deserve it . You bumped lousy his car . You should be a little good to him . You should be a little good to him . If I did that , he would think I like him . Right . Come on , give me a hand . I want to went out for a smoke . I want to went out for a smoke . All it ready . Smoke is wonderful , You are very rich . If I was rich , I wouldn 't talk with you . Shit ! Your are too bodacious to steal me . Bitch ! What have I stolen ? I 've stolen your mama ! Fuck ! Dare to steal me . You want to trick me , don 't you ? Bitch ! You made a mistake . Come over here . Go in it . Quickly ! It 's too odd . Where on earth could he smoke ? Let me go ! Shameless woman ! Where do you want to go ? Come over here . Here . Want to try it ? Come over here ! Let me go ! Come over here . Let me go ! Hurry ! Come on ? Tell me , I had so many goods , but I 've earned so little . Have you purprestured ? I said that I do not know . I sell one yuan per three slices . It is true one yuan per three months . One yuan per three months ! Bitch ! If you do not believe you can ask the cock . What baloney ! If it was not my man 's mistake , I would throttle you , bitch ! Stop ! You want to kill me , bitch ? Seek a death ? Puruowei . Puruowei . Puruowei . Please call me Ruodi . You are my patient . It is a fisherman who discovered your obfuscation in the water . He took you here . I do not know how long have you been out of breath . But through my diagnosis , it is only a little wound . Take it easy , your baby is OK . Everything is ok . baby ? You have been pregnant for 10 weeks . Don 't you know it ? I have no matter . Is it all right to go home ? I have no money to pay the medicine . We can discuss that later . I hope you can stay in the hospital . Observe a night . The opium that you took may affect the baby . Are you still taking it ? - That isn 't good to your health . - No , Very good . The nurse will take you to sickroom . You have to take medicine . Thoroughly at rest , you know ? Sukaiya , please take her to sickroom . Sukaiya , please take her to sickroom . I really can 't stand it . Now the young girls have no taste in wearing and have no manners . It 's lucky that the bog is very near from the hospital and it was the vice-director on duty yesterday evening . You are really a lucky dog . I think it is because the vice - director knows you are pregnant so he examined you personally . Perhaps he feels that your child is very pitiful , So he has pity on you . Please shut up your mouth , Ok ? It 's too noisy . Excuse me , please hold on for a moment . Who is helping you , Patipu ? Who is helping you , Patipu ? Is she the vice-director 's patient ? Yes , the bad young girl . This is your bed . Where is my other things ? In cupboard beside your bed . Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Help ! Wake up ¡ ­ lady ! Wake up ¡ ­ lady ! Wake up ¡ ­ I said that I didn 't have opium . Why want you believe me ? Fuck ! I am just not concerned . I believe in you . I am really believe in you . There is opium reaction in your urine liquid . Probably the flood that you told me is the hallucination . You were nearly drowned , so you had temporary anoxia . So you saw something different . It is not a big problem . I worry about what you will do in the future . Of course you are all right now , but you may revert to your old ways soon . I want to make it clear to you the opium surely has the side effect to the child . If you don 't mind yourself , at least you should care for the child . Will you report to the police ? Sukaiya ! Bring over here the file of the death patient , I want to have a look . By rule , the hospital must Report this accident to the Abstain Department . They may send some person to investigate . But I wouldn 't report to the police , and I 'll keep this opium . Let me take care of it . Let me take care of it . Doctor Ruodi invites you to the emergency room . I 'll come right away . Sukaiya , please take her back to sickroom . I can go back myself . You want to drink water ? Give me the wager gold that I get . No , thanks . There is ghost nearby . Where is the doctor ? He has an urgent matter to do with . What 's the matter with you ? You can not help me . I come to have abortion . Can you help me ? If you can 't help , please tell me where is the doctor . He is in the mortuary . You can go there yourself . Where is mortuary ? Is the delivery room . Puruowei ! Who are you ? I 'm Bipaite . I am sent by the Abstain Department . This is my certificate . Where is the former fellow ? I take over the responsibility of Duxi who looked after your before . You have not contacted the Abstain Department for a long time . Let me remind you related provision . Let me remind you related provision . After four months treatments , you must contact the Abstain Department or check in to the inspector each two weeks . Second , you must Check my urine monthly to see it is yellow or purple , right ? I have heard it more than 100 times . And I know it thoroughly . You persons are so boring . Extremely boring . Let 's find a place to talk . I must take your pictures , record your voices , and make a behavior report to the Abstain Department . Please tell me your name Puruowei . You current address ? Apartment . The address that you work ? Treasure bomb Have you ever had extra-dose medicine after your leaving from the Abstain Department ? No . I know from the hospital that you were hurt . Does this have relation with your habit of taking opium ? How long have you done this work ? Where is the former fellow ? where is he ? Puruowei ! You haven 't answered my problem . What 's the matter with you ? You want drug now ? What 's the matter with you ? What 's the matter with you ? I 'll go for the doctor . Doctor ! Give me his file . Quickly ! Tell doctor Ruodi . How is his circumstance . I do not know . Is a medicine problem perhaps . There is a child crying . Can you hear that ? Here is no human at all . Are you sick or sleepless ? Is it serious ? I think I hear some sound . Return your room and have a good sleep . OK , OK , OK . Do you hear the stories of Mr. Jiang 's casino ? It was discovered by the police last week . Yes ... This is a big news . You said your goods ' quality is very good . But why he still was discovered ? I really don 't understand . Surely , my goods quality is very good . But what I sold to him are all lousy goods . Real good goods are here Puruowei ! I have investigated every woman under my charge . No one dared cheat me except you do you know ? You are too bodacious . Do you still remember this ? What are you doing ? Shut tight your mouth . Otherwise you 'll be punished . Are you all right ? Ruowei ! I 'll leave Thailand next month . My Australia friend need a guitarist . He have invited me to go there . Don 't wait for me , because maybe I won 't come back . You can seek a new boyfriend . Nurse ! There is a ghost inside ! Nurse ! There is a ghost inside ! He has always been following me . He has always been following me . It 's true . He has always been following me . Calm down , what 's the matter ? Any problem ? There is a ghost in the room . Where ? Calm down , please , calming down . Calm down , please , calming down . Take it easy , it 'll be OK . Come , I 'll take you . We go to see it together . We go to see it together . Now you see , there is no ghost at all . I really don 't know that you will fear the ghost incredibly . What ¡ ­ what are you thinking now ? Sukaiya told me you want to have abortion , don 't you ? Follow me , come on , I 'll tidy up the wound for you . Let me do it . If you really want to do that , surely , you 'll be sorry in the future . Come on , Let me show you some thing . This the voice of your heart palpitation . This is another small one . Have you heard it . You have the heart palpitation , so has the baby . You want to get away from it today , but one day , that 's for sure , you 'll want the real touch with it . Believe me , you will change your mind . You will spare no effort to save his life . And you would try your best to be together with it . Even for the sake of he , you will sacrifice yourself . Don 't let yourself regret . Who is she ? The one in the photograph . She is my eldest daughter . That time she was as old as you now . He 'd just graduated , and planed to inherit my teaching . But two weeks later , a traffic accident happened to him . Similarly to his father , he died before arriving the hospital . Ridiculously , I am a doctor and I 've saved innumerable persons . But I couldn 't save my own daughter . This is a very big irony to me and it is my biggest regret . It 's very late now . You have to go to sleep . I accompany your back . I accompany your back . I don 't want stay here any longer . Do you have any trouble ? Do you want to tell me ? You won 't believe me even if I told you . I do not want to stay here . I want to go home . But you must promise me that as long as I notify you , you must come over . If you promise me , I 'll let you go . And you must guaranteeing that you won 't hurt the baby . I promise you . Ruowei , you 've disappeared several days . I thought you 've been dead . Ruowei ! RUOwei ? Will you go to work ? Yes . I want to return Qite this car . You are OK ? If you are uncomfortable , I can stay to accompany you . Don 't worry , I have no problem . Go to work . Only if you don 't stay in that ghost hospital . There are always someone dead in any hospitals everyday . But it is stranger that persons like you Will fear the ghost incredibly . I 've known you for so long , but I do not know that you are so timidity . You are not me , so you won 't know . It 's really terrible that it 'll follow me wherever I go . Is it like that ? Now I know a little . I see someone sitting by you now . You still say ! You are so disgusting . Excuse me , lady , - May I ask ... - What 's the matter ? - May I ask ... - What 's the matter ? Are you sleeping ? No , why ? Ruowei ! Who is hiding after you ? Shit ! Do not be ridiculous . It 's a joke . What 's the matter ? Some Mr.Bi come to see you . He says that he wants you to sign him some documents . Need I take him home ? No . Then what shall I do ? He is hard to handle . He is still there . Is he waiting for me ? Let me take him home . If he wants let him come here then . Oh , then I 'll take him back . Please help me to wash the clothes in the salver . Isn 't OK ? See you later , bye ! Fuck ! Please come in . Come in . Please sit down , I 'll call him out . Wait a minute . Rrowei ? Are you relieving nature ? Ruowei ? Ruowei ? Help ! Help ! Please take him to the hospital quickly . Help ! Please take him to the hospital quickly . Ruowei ! Please hurry ! Have any relation with the drug ? We have to measure the blood to decide whether he had taken drug . Tomorrow morning the result will come out . Do you two want to stay to accompany him ? You can stay here . But it 's better not bother the patient . I 'll go first . Thank you , doctor . I have to take him the photograph to record his symptom . Then we can go on further observation . Then we can go on further observation . At last can we know the reason that he get sick . At last can we know the reason that he get sick . Ruowei ! Ruowei ! Ruowei ! Ruowei ! Ruowei , where do you want to go ? Ruowei , where do you want to go ? Ruowei , Ruowei ! Are you Ok ? Yes , I 'm Ok . Ruowei ! Ruowei ! Young man Where are you ? Come out ! Why do you follow me all the time ? What do you want to do ? What have I do to you ? Come out ! You hurry out ! I am not afraid of you . Is it that you would come out as long as there is water ? I 'm now in the rain , come to seek me ! Come out ! Please don 't follow me any more . Come out ! Come out , you ! The woman of the marsh has come to seek his child . Perhaps your friend is her medium . She has no malice . She can 't hurt your friend . Once he attained his goal , he would leave . He would leave . Have you taken away her children ? Return her child . Where is my child ? I saw you appear in the marsh . Black Mercedes Benz car . Give me back my child . Please tell me the relationship between you and Oude . Give me back my child . The dead woman 's child . What 's the relationship between you and Oude . You took her child away . Give the child back , give her . You took her child away , didn 't you ? Give the child back , give her . Return her the child . You took her child away . Return her the child . Ruowei ! Ruowei , are you OK ? Ruowei , he has never been so crazy . What 's the matter with him ? Did he really see the ghost ? You can return now . I will look after him . I will look after him . Didn 't you want him to sign the documents ? Didn 't you want him to sign the documents ? I have to send back the report to the Abstain Department . If they do not accept , I will still come back again . Ruowei , you 'd better have some important matter I 'm not used to getting up so early . The ghost has left the marsh . He wants to find his child . He has sought me now . Who is it ? Come out and say it again . Who follows who ? What on earth are you talking about ? We ¡ ­ we must die . He follows that woman . He knows everything You 're talking nonsense , you fool . That woman under your charge . He knows everything . He knows the marsh . Abortion . He knows that you also involved in it . Shut up your smelly mouth ! Please do nothing , I will handle it . How are you ? You are Ok , ain 't you ? Do not reply . Were you attached or did you take drug again ? Do not take too much . You take the documents for me to sign ? No . What are you thinking now ? Am I suitable for being a mother ? I heard you 're going home , won 't you ? I heard you 're going home , won 't you ? I want to go abroad for a week . I 'll come back next week . Please remember that you must return to the hospital for the blood examination result . I think this have no anything to worry about . If you do not love yourself , you should love your child at least . The mother does anything all for the sake of her own child . What do you want to do if you go back home ? Look up who is Mayi . It is to say that you still believe that there is ghost ? It is of little use to vex these things . I can 't do nothing just Wait the strange affair occurrence . If this continues , I will grow crazy . Do not worry about the dead person , you should look after the new life thoroughly . Don 't think about the past all the time . It 's no help to you . I see . I 'll come for the blood examination result . Take it easy . See you later . I want to know who she is . Where to start with ? I do not know . I know only that I can 't wait helplessly for the end . I can 't wait in horror . Fuck ! If you do not help , I 'll do myself . I will help you certainly . I think originally you are insanity just because of drug . But now I believe you . Why ? Why ? Where to start with ? Where did you see her for the first time ? South Lu marsh . Would she live nearby there ? South Lu marsh . A pregnant woman . I have a friend perhaps he can give us some help . The corpse 's face was chewed seriously by the fish . We are of no help . Autopsy result indicates that The dead committed suicide . We guess she jumped into water to commit suicide because of pregnancy . Are you certain it took place in the south Lu marsh ? Yeap . This was big news two year ago . Why are you two so interested in this case ? I 'll tell you it later . Why it was a big news ? Just a woman committed suicide . Family members showed extreme objection that they checked the corpse . It was said the dead was a ghost who was in pregnant . The child 's body was missing . Where is he ? It was said the child is a still-born baby . I have to check it out . Wait a minute . What does that woman call ? Subiji , the childhood name is Mayi . Mayi ? She was an orphan , living with her mother 's relatives . At the time she was in pregnant , she was just about to graduate from the school . What is the matter ? A legal case about two years ago . The data here is limited . If you want to know more , you can read the old newspapers . I do not know the result of the autopsy . If I find it out , I will send it to you . Wait for my news . Thank you . Hello , are you grandparents of Mayi ? We are friends of the Mayi . What do you want to do ? I 've not contacted with her for a long time . Recently I know she has been dead . We are really sorry for her . When did she die away ? She has been dead for two years . Let 's say it back home . Sir , please have the front side toward the lens . Must you dissect the body ? Must you do so ? Certainly ! Otherwise she would follow us three score years and ten . Let him begin . Otherwise they won 't give it up . Please do nothing , she was dead anyway . Before being cremated , the embryo must be taken out . If the ghost is angry , We will be in trouble water . The embryo must be taken out . We should defer the opinion of the big parts of people . Act . Hurry . It 's just that woman . Yes ? Are you OK , lady ? Old man , have you any medicine with you ? The similar to you , Mayi vomited fiercely in the morning . Mayi is really very pitiful . Once she was an orphan , and after her death , her child also was stolen . Her body hasn 't been cremated till now . The embryo was stolen . Yes . It is really strange . The body were moved to the outside in the evening . In the morning , the embryo was missing . In the beginning it was thought it was taken away by the agency of the crematory . But we have evidence , because that evening , the agency of the crematory died at his own home . Legend is because he took away the embryo , so the Mayi killed him . People of today will believe this kind of absurdity . What 's the matter with her ? Do you know who this man was ? When she was in university , Mayi has little close friends . Do you know these persons at the back row ? Please take a look carefully . Do you know them ? I do not know . If you really want to know , you can go to the school for help . I saw this man in my dream . Sorry . Where is this teacher now ? Teacher Tani , he is in upstairs . Could you take us to him ? Sure . Thank you . MUSIC ART COLLEGE Teacher , someone comes to seek you . Who is it ? I do not know . OK , I am coming right now . I have taught her before her graduation . She is very polite . Do you know something of her death or of her boyfriend Or of any follow had any relationship with her ? I don 't know , I must go now ! I don 't know , I must go now ! Sorry , we still have no acquisition . It doesn 't matter , we have made an effort . Oude , how did you come in ? You know the business of that night ? Which night ? That night about two year ago ! How could you see that ? Do you know the woman that was pregnant ? What nonsense are you talking about ? Release me ! Let me go ! Release me ! You know too much . Go to die ! Go to die ! Go to die ! Go to die ! Go to die ! Die ! Do not come over ! Do not come over ! Do not come over ! Do not come over ! Don 't ! Do not come over ! Please . Do not come over ! Do not come over ! Do not come over , I beg you . Do not come over , I beg you . Excuse me , do you know him ? I don 't know him . But it was said that he sold drug to teenagers . When did you return home yesterday evening ? Probably at the midnight 2 : 00 . On the night of August 21 , Pangdijitai , a grass-roots security personnel , with the nickname Oude , committed suicide . The police enounced it is drug 's influence to the result . Before jumping off a building to die , the dead shouted loudly to say that the ghost wanted to kill him . The witness told the reporter that Oude broke into Miss Puruowei 's room to hurt her . He was stimulated at that time , so he descends to die from the fourth floor . The police feels doubtful to this affair . The police is inquiring with all strength . Mayi I really do not know how to help you . UNICORN CLUB Paite , it 's me . I know where should we go to look for the child . Let 's go together . UNICORN CLUB Is it all right to seek another entrance ? Certainly , this is the child of Mayi . How would you know ? Let 's ask the assistant . Ever since the casino were discovered , I 've always been here . Each night I hear the child 's cries . Everybody here believes that the child will let him become richer and richer . If he believed this deeply and acted charitably , that is of no harm . But he was too greed , he died for his wrong doings finally . Because of his greed he lost his life . Help ! He wants to kill me ! I am good frightened . Take me quickly leaving here . It is also all right to jug me . But take me quickly leaving here . Hurry . Take me quickly leaving here , hurry ! What relationship does Oude have with this legal case ? How do you know him ? Oude once worked at the crematory . He was responsible for sending the body to the hospital . So I know him . He told me that there was a businessman who Wanted a Thai baby to be put in his casino . He believed the baby would bring good luck and wealth for him . Especially , the baby purified through special rites would had a more expensive price . The more big power is the more good . Have any relation to the woman died in the marsh ? That woman is not something to commit suicide . One day the person who had helped me came to seek me , he Wanted me to kill that woman 's son . I employed Oude to handle the corpse . We threw her to the South Lu marsh . We threw her to the South Lu marsh . The corpse were sent to the hospital for the autopsy . At the time that she died , there was still a child in the belly . Both Oude and I wanted that child . So we arrived the monastery with the corpse . The person of the crematory approved to take out the child . But he requested a lot of money . They two can 't agree with each other . So Oude killed him . So for the sake of Mr. Jiang , you stole the child , didn 't you ? Have you a cigarette ? Have you a cigarette ? But Mr. river got only the child 's corpse because I had sealed the soul into the skin of the forehead and I hung it on my neck . But it was broke by that woman . Because of this the mother came to me to revenge . This commit suicide case is not a common one . We have started to investigate afresh . Because the related and under suspicion person are too many . Especially involving in the homicidal Tani , The case of Subiji young , Two year ago a pregnant woman committed suicide , Because the important certificate thing appears , we should investigate afresh . This case has become a murder case . The hospital employee enounced to be entwined by ghost . Therefore he confessed everything to the police . The police still keep on investigating two suspects this moment . Pangdijitai , with the nickname Oude , is a drug seller , had died recently Tani Chabochen a young lecturer of an famous university , was suspected to have a affair with his student unethically . According to the police young lady Subiji may be murdered because of pregnancy . The police are investigating in this direction . If there is any development , We will keep on tracking for you . We will keep on tracking for you . Have you heard about the student disappeared two year ago ? No , what is the matter ? She was pregnant . What ? There is this kind of matter . I knew it . It 's pity , isn 't it ? She is young , having not finished her courses . I tell you , it 's of no use . Why do you still keep it ? Why would you say this kind of words ? I know your don 't care . So I would bring it up myself . Wait a minute , first . In the beginning , I called you to have abortion . Why won 't you believe me ? I have nothing at all . I have no future . Only this child is left to me . Don 't behave this way , Ok ? I have got married . Sorry , if I died , you would be more comfortable , wouldn 't you ? She hasn 't died . Be quick ! Be quick ! Move quickly . Mayi , I 'm sorry . When you see this letter , perhaps I have died . I am very sorry for everything I 've done . In the last two years , I really feel sorry and ashamed to her thousand times . I 'm sorry . Please tell my son , I love him . Please take good care of him . And please tell my mother that I am really very sorry . Mayi is a wonderful mother . I hope that you can ascend to the heaven . Everything was over now . You can go in peace . You can go in peace . Hello , Paite ? It 's me , Puruowei . I want to tell you , I 'm coming to you . 882 1 : 29 : 10,278 - - 1 : 29 : 12,473 OK , where are you now ? In the hospital , I come to see the blood test result . And you ? Today is a day off , do they go to work ? There should be some doctors . She made a date for me . You should listen to the doctor carefully . She did that for you . I am thinking that she may teach me how to feed a baby . Very good , let her look after you thoroughly . Do you hear me talking , Ruowei ? Yes , so see you later . It 's Ok , bye ! I almost forget it . A few days ago the police sent this document to you . Thank you . An university takes place acommit suicide . The dead people Tani Chabochen is the young lecturer of this school . According to the police , He has close relationship with the death of Miss Subigi two years ago . He was suspected to have murdered the young lady . And he was inquested by the police According to the police , The dead people may be dread punishment for his crime so he committed suicide . The police is looking for this direction . If there is any latest news , ( relation signs : Doctor Rodi ) I am very happy you decide to leave the child . Because the best thing for a woman 's life is ... to be a mother and to bring up a child . What my blood test result is ? You can tell me the truth . Nothing , just a little anaemic . I want to inject you some chalybeate . My son got the blood disease when he is a child . He is very weak and always gets sick . But I will spare no effort to help him . Then he grew up , went abroad for advanced study , then he returned home in triumph . After my daughter 's death , he is the only one left to me . Anyway , Or whatever it may take , I will look after him thoroughly and at all cost . But ... Because of your emergence , he committed suicide . You just like the drug , don 't you ? I 'll let you take it once for all . Don 't you like it very much ? After a burst of paralysis , then you will be set free . What is the matter ? Doctor ! Doctor , are you OK ? Help me take her to the wheel chair , hurry ! How can it be like this , what 's the matter ? Do not take care of these first . Take her to the wheel chair . Hurry ! Hurry ! Hurry ! Help me . Help me . Doctor , what 's this ? After killing you , I will get rid of that nurse . And I will make them think it 's you who killed her . They will believe me . I warned you not to make trouble . But , you are not willing to believe me . I 've tried to keep this secret for two years . No one will doubt my son . But it 's you who ruined everything . You ruined everything . You ruined my son , my life . You also ruined your own life . Do you know ? I will take you the loft to breathe the fresh air . Before you jump down ... This is all the result of taking drug . I don 't do anything . You take drug , you jump down from here . Do not fear , this is not painful . You 'll be set free quickly . You needn 't to worry about it at all . You won 't be more pain than I. Even amount to less than half of my pain . Now you know what sufferings is . But you can not escape any further . You are still doing the meaningless flounder . Where could you go ? Forgiving me not make your skeleton all . But absolutely no one will doubt me . I will sew your corpse certainly very beautiful . Trust me . You let go . Hurry . How can you come here . What are you going to do after all ? I am just not afraid you . You ruined my son Absolutely I won 't let your rebirth . I grasped you . Nurse , hurry to report to the police . Please . Please . In my whole life , I never understand the true righteousness of this word mother . Doctor Ruodi is right , as long as the woman touches that small heart , she will do all to protect it . Till now , I still have no academic association about how to be a good mother . But I know that I would lead a good life for the sake of him . Originally I think it is because of the drug that you have mental disorder . But now I believe you . Why ? Because the Woman in the marsh came to seek her child . Perhaps , your friend is her medium . He has no malice . Can 't hurt your friend . Once attain her purpose , she will leave . The end Thanks to watch
