 ( panting , footsteps ) ( panting , footsteps ) ( grunting , panting ) ( groaning ) ( rustling ) ( rattling ) I 'd put the time ofdeath between 8 and 1 2 hours ago . No sign ofbattery or sexual assault . All we have is this . Can we turn her over ? Karen Swenson . is that a positive l.D. ? She went to school with my son . That would be the class of ' 89 ? It 's happening again , isn 't it ? Agent Dana Scully . Man : Comein . Thankyou for coming on such short notice . Please ... You 've been with us just over twoyears . Yes , sir . You went to medical school , butyou chose not to practice . How did you come to work for the F.B.l. ? Well , sir , I was recruited out ofmedical school . My parents still think it was an act ofrebellion but I saw the F.B.l. as a place where l could distinguish myself . Areyou familiar with an agent named Fox Mulder ? Yes , I am . How so ? By reputation . He 's an Oxford-educated psychologist who wrote a monograph on serial killers and the occult that helped catch Monty Propps in 1 988 . Generally thought of as the best analyst in the violent crime section . He had a nickname at the academy : " " Spooky " " Mulder . I 'll also tell you that Agent Mulder has developed a consuming devotion to an unassigned project . Areyou familiarwith the so-called X-Files ? I believe they have to do with unexplained phenomena . We wantyou to assist Mulder . You will write field reports on your activities along with your observations on the validity ofthe work . You want me to debunk the X-Files project ? We trustyou 'll make the proper analysis . You 'll want to contact Agent Mulder shortly . We look forward to seeing your reports . Sorry , nobody down here but the F.B.l. ' s most unwanted . Agent Mulder . I 'm Dana Scully . I 've been assigned to workwith you . Isn 't it nice to be so highly regarded ? Who did you tick off to get stuckwith this detail ? Actually , I 'm looking forward to working with you . I was under the impression thatyou were sent to spy on me . Ifyou have any doubt about my qualifications ... You 're a medical doctor . You teach at the academy . You did your undergraduate degree in physics . " " Einstein 's Twin Paradox : A New Interpretation . " " Dana Scully 's senior thesis . Now that 's a credential , rewriting Einstein . Did you read it ? I did. I liked it . In most ofmywork the laws ofphysics rarely seem to apply . Maybe I can get your medical opinion on this . Oregon female , age 21 . No explainable cause ofdeath . Autopsy shows nothing . Zip . There are , however , these two distinct marks on her lower back . Dr. Scully , can you l.D. these marks ? Needle punctures , maybe . An animal bite , electrocution . How 's your chemistry ? This is the substance found in the surrounding tissue . It 's organic . I don 't know . is it some kind ofsynthetic protein ? Beats me . I 've never seen it , either but here it is again in South Dakota , and again in Texas . Doyou have a theory ? I have plenty oftheories but maybe what you can explain to me is why it 's Bureau policy to label these cases " " unexplained phenomena " " and ignore them . Doyou believe in the existence ofextraterrestrials ? Logically , I would have to say no . Given the distances needed to travel from the far reaches ofspace the energy requirements would exceed a spacecraft 's capabilities . Conventional wisdom . This Oregon female- - she 's the fourth person in her graduating class to die under mysterious circumstances . When convention and science offer us no answers might we not finally turn to the fantastic as a plausibility ? The girl obviously died ofsomething . lfit was natural causes , it 's plausible there was something missed in the postmortem . Ifshe was murdered it 's plausible there was a sloppy investigation . What I find fantastic is any notion that there are answers beyond the realm ofscience . The answers are there . You have to know where to look . That 's why they put the " " l " " in F.B.l. Seeyou tomorrow morning , Scully , bright and early . We leave for the very plausible state ofOregon at 8 : 00 a.m. Pilot : I 'd like to ask all passengers to fasten their seat belts as we 're about to make our descent ... This must be the place . You didn 't mention yesterday this case has already been investigated . Yeah , the F.B.l. got involved after the first three deaths when local authorities failed to turn up any evidence . Our boys came out here , spent a week enjoyed the local salmon- - which isjust to die for , ifyou pardon the expression . Without explanation , theywere called back in . The case was reclassified and buried in the X-Files until I dug it up last week . And you found something they didn 't ? The autopsy reports of the first three victims show no unidentified marks or tissue samples but those reports were signed by a different medical examiner than the latest victim . That 's pretty good , Scully . Better than you expected , or better than you hoped ? Well , I 'll letyou know when we get past the easy part . is the medical examiner a suspect ? We won 't know until we do some grave digging . I 've arranged to exhume one ofthe othervictims to see ifwe can get a tissue sample to match the girl 's . You 're not squeamish , areyou ? I 've never had the pleasure . ( indistinct radio ) ( audio feedback ) What 's going on ? What the hell was that about ? Oh , you know ... probably nothing . Mr. Mulder , County Coroner 's Office . Yeah , Hi . This is Agent Scully . How soon can we get started ? We 're ready to go . Wereyou able to arrange for an examination facility ? Man : Excuse me . Excuse me . No . Please stay in ... I don 't know whoyou people thinkyou are . You thinkyou can come up here and do whateveryou damn please , don 'tyou ? I 'm sorry . You are .. ? jay Nemman , County Medical Examiner . Surelyyou must have been informed . No . No , we 've been away . Well , that answers a question we had : whyyou hadn 't done the recent autopsy . You 're aware of the tissue sample that was taken from her body . What is the insinuation here ? Areyou saying I missed something in those kids ' exams ? We 're not insinuating anything , sir . Wait a minute ! Well , I thinkyou are . Ifyou 're making an accusation you 'd better have something to back it up . Daddy , please , let 'sjust go home . Let 's go home , please ! Guy obviously needed a longervacation . Ray Soames was the third victim . After graduating high school he spent time in a state mental hospital . treated for post-adolescent schizophrenia . Soames confessed to the first two murders . He pleaded to be locked up but he couldn 't produce any evidence that he committed the crimes . Did you read the cause ofdeath ? Exposure . His body was found in the woods after escaping the hospital . Missing for only seven hours inJuly . How does a 20-year-old die ofexposure on a warm , summer night in Oregon ? This isn 't official procedure . Really ? It 's probably a safe bet Ray Soames never made the varsity basketball team . Seal this up right now . Nobody sees or touches this . Nobody . This is amazing , Scully . Doyou know what this could mean ? It 's almost too big to even comprehend . The subject is 1 56 centimeters in length weighing 52 pounds in extremis . Corpse is in advanced stages ofdecay and desiccation . Distinguishing features include large ocular cavities oblique cranium- - indicates subject is not human . Could you point that fash away from me ? lfit 's not human , what is it ? It 's mammalian . It 's a chimpanzee or something from the ape family possibly an orangutan . Buried in the city cemetery in Ray 's grave ? Try telling that to the good townsfolk or to Ray 's family . I want tissue samples , X rays , blood typing , toxicology and a full genetic work-up . What we can 't do here , we 'll order to go . You don 't honestly believe this is an extraterrestrial ? This is somebody 's sickjoke . is there any reason we can 't do those X rays right now ? I 'm not crazy , Scully . I have the same doubts you do . Scully : Visual laboratory inspection ofthe body and X-ray analysis confirms homologous , but possibly mutated , mammalian physiology . However , does not account for small , unidentified object found in subject 's nasal cavity . A grey , metallic implant forming ... ( knocking ) Who is it ? Steven Spielberg . I 'm going for a run . Want to come ? Pass . Figure out what that little thing is ? No . And I 'm not losing any sleep over it . Good night . Ray Soames was a patient ofmine . I oversaw his treatment for over a year for clinical schizophrenia . Ray had an inability to grasp reality . he seemed to suffer from some kind ofpost-traumatic stress . is that something you 've seen before ? I 've treated similar cases . Were any ofthose Ray Soames ' classmates ? Yes . We 're trying to find a connection in these deaths . Did you treat any ofthese kids with hypnosis ? No. I did not . Areyou treating any ofthese kids now ? Currently ? Yes , I 'm treating Billy Miles and Peggy O 'Dell . They 're here at this hospital ? Going on fouryears now . Would it be possible to talk to them ? Well , you might find it difficult . Certainly in Billy Miles ' case . Billy 's experiencing what we call a waking coma . Functionally , his brain waves are fat . How did it happen ? He and Peggywere involved in an automobile accident . Doctor : Peggy ? We have some visitors . Would you talkwith them ? Billywants me to read now . Does he like it when you read to him ? Yes . Billy needs me close . Doctor I 'm wondering ifwe can do a cursory medical exam on Peggy ? ( crashing , yelling ) Peggy , what areyou doing ? Doctor : No one will hurtyou . ( screaming ) Doctor : Get an orderly ! Get an orderly ! Nobody 's going to hurtyou . ( screaming ) Stop it ! It 's all right . Nurse : Honey , you 're going to be fine . Calm down . You know thatyou will be all right . Billy said he was sorry he didn 't get to say good-bye . How did you know she would have the marks ? I don 't know . Lucky guess ? Damn it , Mulder , cut the crap . What is going on here ? What doyou know about those marks ? I don 't thinkyou 're ready forwhat I think . I 'm here to solve this case . I want the truth . I think those kids have been abducted . Bywho ? Bywhat . You don 't really believe that . Doyou have a better explanation ? I 'll buy that girl is suffering some kind ofpronounced psychosis . Whether it 's organic or the result ofthose marks I can 't say but to say that they 've been riding around in fying saucers- - there is nothing to support that . Nothing scientific , you mean . There has got to be an explanation . You 've got fourvictims- - all ofthem died in or near the woods . They found Karen Swenson 's body in the forest in her pajamas ten miles from her house . How did she get there ? What were those kids doing out there in the forest ? ( mechanicalhumming ) Mulder ? ( mechanicalhum increasing ) Mulder , is thatyou ? Mulder ? Special Agent Dana Scully , F.B.l. Dropyourweapon . I 'm with the County Sheriffs Department . You 're trespassing on private property here . We are conducting an investigation . Get in your car and leave or I 'll have to arrestyou . I don 't care whoyou are . This is a crime scene . Did you hearwhat I said ? You are on private property without legal permission . Now , I 'm only going to say it one more time . Get in your car and leave ! What 's he doing out here all by himself ? Maybe it has something to do with this . What doyou think it is ? I don 't know . is it a campfire ? It was all over the ground . I think something 's going on out here . Some kind ofa sacrifice , maybe . What ifthese kids are involved in some kind ofa cult and that man knows something about it ? I want to come back here . You okay , Mulder ? Yeah. I 'm just , uh ... What areyou looking for ? What happened ? We lost power . Brakes , steering , everything . We lost nine minutes . Whoo ! We lost what ? Nine minutes ! I looked at mywatch just before the fash and it was 9 : 03 . Itjust turned 9 : 1 3 . Look . Look ! Oh , yes ! Abductees . People that have made U.F.O. sightings . They 've reported unexplained time loss . Come on . Gone ! just like that . No , wait a minute . You 're saying that ... that time disappeared . Time can 'tjust disappear . It 's a universal invariant . ( engine starts ) Not in this zip code . Great . Hi . I wantyou to look at something . Come on in . What are they ? Mulder , what are they ? ! Mosquito bites . Areyou sure ? Yeah. I got eaten up a lot myselfout there . You okay ? Yes . You 're shaking . I need to sit down . Takeyour time . I was 1 2 when it happened . My sisterwas eight . Shejust disappeared out ofher bed one night . just gone . Vanished . No note , no phone calls , no evidence ofanything . You never found her . It tore the family apart . No one would talk about it . There were no facts to confront nothing to offer any hope . What did you do ? Eventually , I went off to school in England . I came back , got recruited by the Bureau . Seems I had a natural aptitude for applying behavioral models to criminal cases . My success allowed me a certain freedom to pursue my own interests and that 's when I came across the X-Files . By accident ? At first , it looked like a garbage dump for U.F.O. sightings , alien abduction reports . The kind ofstuffthat most people laugh at as being ridiculous . But I was fascinated . I read all the cases I could get my hands on . Hundreds ofthem . I read everything I could about paranormal phenomenon about the occult and ... What ? There 's classified government information I 've been trying to access but someone has been blocking my attempts to get at it . Who ? I don 't understand . Someone at a higher level ofpower . The only reason I 've been allowed to continue is because I 've made connections in Congress . They 're afraid ofwhat ? Thatyou 'll leak this information ? You 're part ofthat agenda , you know that . I 'm not a part ofany agenda . You 've got to trust me . I 'm herejust likeyou- - to solve this . I 'm telling you this , Scully , becauseyou need to know because ofwhatyou 've seen . In my research I 've worked very closelywith a man named Dr. Heinz Werber . He 's taken me through deep hypnosis . I 've been able to go into my own repressed memories to the night my sister disappeared . I can recall a bright light outside and a presence in the room . I was paralyzed unable to respond to my sister 's calls for help . Listen to me , Scully . This thing exists . How doyou know ? The government knows about it and I got to know what they 're protecting . Nothing else matters to me and this is as close as I 've ever gotten to it . ( phoneringing ) Hello ? What ? Who is this ? Who is th .. ? That was some woman and she said Peggy O 'Dell was dead . The girl in the wheelchair ? Man : Yeah , I 'll bring it over in a minute . What happened ? She ran right out in front ofme . Who areyou ? She was running ? On foot ? Well , that 'sjust ... Let 's go . Let 's go . Someone trashed the lab and stole the body . We 're going back to the motel . What ? ! They stole the corpse ? F.B.l. There goes my computer . Damn it ! The X rays and pictures ! Man : I need a couple ofmen out here . We 'll need a light safety curtain . My name is Theresa Nemman . You 've got to protect me . Come with us . This is the way it happens . I don 't know how I get out there . I 'll just find myself out in the woods . How long has it been happening ? Ever since the summerwe graduated . It 's happened to my friends too . That 's why I need you to protect me . I 'm scared I might die like the others . Like ... Peggy did tonight . Your father 's the medical examiner . You were the one on the phone . You told me Peggy O 'Dell had been killed . Theresa , your father knows about this , doesn 't he ? About what happens ? Yes . But he said never to tell anyone about any ofit . Why ? He wants to protect me . He thinks he can protect me , but I don 't think he can . Doyou have the marks , Theresa ? Yes . I 'm going to die , aren 't I ? I 'm going to be next . No , you 're not going to die . Oh , God . Let 's go home , Theresa . Theresa , come on . Come on , honey . I don 't think she wants to leave . I don 't care whatyou think . She 's a sick girl . Your father wants to takeyou home . He 'll getyou cleaned up . Going to takeyou whereyou 'll be safe , Theresa . Detective Miles and I won 't let anything happen toyou . You 're Billy Miles ' father ? That 's right , and you stay away from that boy . You got to love this place . Every day is like Halloween . They know , Mulder . They know who 's responsible for the murders . They know something . Dr. Nemman 's been hiding medical evidence from the beginning . He lied on the autopsy reports . Now we find out about the detective . Who would have reason to trash the lab and our rooms ? Whywould they destroy evidence ? What would theywant with that corpse ? I don 't know . Makes you wonderwhat 's in those other two graves . They 're both empty . What is going on here ? I think I know who did it . I think I know who killed Karen Swenson . Who ? The detective ? The detective 's son . Billy Miles . The boy in the hospital ? The vegetable ? Billy Miles ? A boy in a coma for the last fouryears dug up these graves ? Peggy O 'Dell was bound to a wheelchair but ran in front ofthat truck . I 'm not making this up . It fits the profile ofalien abduction . This fits a profile ? Peggy O 'Dell was killed at 9 : 00 . That 's right around the time we lost nine minutes . Something happened in that nine minutes . Time as we know it stopped and something took control over it . You think I 'm crazy . What ? Peggy O 'Dell 's watch stopped a couple ofminutes after nine . I made a note ofit when I saw the body . The kids come to the forest because the forest controls them and the marks are from some kind oftests that 's being done on them and that maybe causes some kind ofgenetic mutation which would explain the body that we dug up . And the force summoned Theresa Nemman 's body into the woods tonight . Yes , but it was Billy Miles who took her there . Summoned by some alien impulse . That 's it . Come on . Let 's get out ofhere . Where are we going ? To pay a visit to Billy Miles . Nurse : Now , we could stand here until the Second Coming waiting for Billy to get out ofthis bed . It ain 't going to happen . He blinks and I know about it . I guess you changed his bedpan last night . Nobody else here 's going to do it . You noticed nothing unusual ? Doyou rememberwhat you were doing last night around 9 : 00 ? Probablywatching TV . Yeah . Doyou remember whatyou were watching ? Um , let 's see ... You know , I don 't really rememberwhat I watched . Miss ... What is she looking for ? Mulder , take a look at this . You know who was taking care of Peggy O 'Dell last night ? Not me . It 's not myward , not my aisle ofthe produce section . I do have ajob ofmy own to do . What is she doing now ? Thankyou foryour time , ma 'am . Okay . Good day . That kid may have killed Peggy O 'Dell . I don 't believe this . It 's crazy . He was in the woods . You 're sure ? This is the same stuff I took a handful of in the forest . Maybe we should run a lab test ... We lost the original sample in the fire . I wantyou to understand what it is you 're saying . You said ityourself ! . Yeah , butyou have to write it down in your report . You 're right . We 'll take another sample from the forest and run a comparison before we do anything . The detective 's here . What doyou think ? ( girlscreams ) ( groans ) You wouldn 't listen to me . I told you to stay out ofthis . ( girlscreaming ) Hold it . Hold it right there ! You got no business out here . There were screams . Down on the ground . Now ! You know it 's Billy . You 've known it all along . I said down on the ground . How long areyou going to let it happen ? He 's going to kill her . Billy ! No ! Let her go . Leave her alone . ( gunshot ) ( mechanicalrattling ) Dad ? Billy . Oh , God . Scully . Scully ! Mulder , what happened ? There was a light . It was incredible . Ifyou can hear me , raiseyour right hand . Tell me about the light , Billy . When did you first see the light ? In the forest . We were all in the forest having a party . All my friends . We were celebrating . What wereyou celebrating ? Graduation . And then the light came . It took me away to the testing place . Theywould tell me to gather the others so that they could do tests . They put something in my head . Here . Billy : I would wait for their orders . Man : Billy , who gave the orders ? Billy : The light . They said it would be okay . No one would know . But the test didn 't work . Theywanted everything destroyed . They said theywere leaving . I 'm afraid . I 'm afraid they 're coming back . Don 't be afraid , Billy . ( indistinct whispers ) What we 'vejust witnessed what we 've read in your field reports the scientific basis and credibility just seem wholly insupportable . You 're aware ofthat ? Yes , sir . My reports are personal and subjective . I haven 't gone so far as to draw any conclusion about what I 've seen . Or haven 't seen , as seems to be the case . This , uh ... time loss you did or did not experience it ? I can 't substantiate it , no . What exactly can you substantiate ? I see no evidence thatjustifies these investigations . There were , ofcourse , crimes committed . Yes , but how doyou prosecute a case like this ? With testimony given under hypnosis from a boywho claims he was given orders from some alien force through an implant in his nose . You have no physical evidence . This is the object described by Billy Miles as a communication device . I removed it from the exhumed body . I kept it in my pocket . It was the only evidence not destroyed in the fire . I ran a lab test on it . The material could not be identified . Agent Mulder- - what are his thoughts ? Agent Mulder believes we are not alone . Thankyou , Agent Scully . That will be all . ( phoneringing ) Hello . Mulder : Scully , it 's me . I haven 't been able to sleep . I talked to the D.A. ' s Office in Raymond County , Oregon . There 's no case file on Billy Miles . The paperworkwe filed is gone . We need to talk , Scully . Y-Yes . Tomorrow .
