 ( power saw whirring ) Hurry and get him out of there ! I need two men on the left side now . Wait . Where you goin ' with him ? He 's dead . There 's a woman over there who isn 't and she needs some oxygen . Boy : I want you to rise ! Rise up and heal ! What the hell you doing ? Boy 's laying on hands . Rise up and accept the miracle He 's given you . You don 't understand . The man 's dead . Then the boy can 't possibly do any harm , can he ? For this is the power of belief- - the power to separate the light from the darkness to create life from death . Amen . Show 's over ! Let 's clear the area . Hallelujah , Samuel . Hallelujah . ( singing gospel ) Yes , indeed , praise God ! Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! I want everybody to say hallelujah ! ( congregation : ) Hallelujah ! Praise the Lord ! The woman on the table has a malignant tumor on her spine . This boy here will attempt to heal her by simply laying his hands on her . Where did you get this ? From the regional office in Tennessee . The preacher 's name is ... Reverend Calvin Hartley . You 've heard ofhim . The boy is his adopted son , Samuel . He claims to have found him as an infant lying in the tall weeds near the muddy Mississippi . He also claims the boy brought a man back from the dead . It 's more than a claim . The man he saved appears as a regular attraction in the reverend 's tent ministry . The boy 's been performing miracles every week for the past ten years , twice on Sunday . Not according to the Kenwood sheriff . Local authorities think Reverend Hartley and his son are a scam . They 've been trying to shut them down but without any luck . They 've turned to the FBI to try and get a prosecution . Forwhat ? Fraud ? No . Murder . Watch the tape . Lucy Kelly has the cancer . Her doctors say it is inoperable . They say it is incurable . But I say to you that what the doctors cannot cure the Lord can . ( congregation : ) Amen ! Yes , indeed . Praise God . Because God ... can work ... miracles . - Yes , Lord . - Praise God . The clear light of God 's healing love ... is fowing ... through Samuel 's healing hands ... 20 minutes later , Lucy Kelly was rushed to the hospital . She was pronounced dead on arrival . What caused her death ? I don 't know , but it wasn 't cancer . They 've requested someone with a medical background to assist local police . I know it 's not an X file ... When do we leave for Tennessee ? I think I saw some of these same people at Woodstock . Mulder , you weren 't at Woodstock . I saw the movie . You all right by yourself ? I 'll be fine . I won 't be long . Okay . ( sighing ) Hartley : Most of you here today I know as neighbors and as cherished members ofour Miracle Ministry . But some ofyou have come from far away ... as far away as Pensacola , Florida ... ( cheering ) and Uniondale , Long lsland ! Wayne Ashtown and his family . And it is especially to those ofyou who come from so far that I must apologize from the bottom ofmy heart ... because , unfortunately Samuel cannot be here this afternoon . I know how very deeply disappointed each and every one of you must be feeling right now but I say unto you , do not be dismayed . Do not despair ! Do not lose your hope ... because in two short days , Samuel will be back here at our very special miracle mission ! Yes , indeed , praise God . Maybe we should head backstage and see what the reverend has to say . Wait . This is where they bring out Elvis . As these people will testify Samuel can heal you . Yes , Samuel will heal you . But ... only if you believe . God bless you ! Scully : Reverend Hartley , we 're with the fbi . I see Sheriff Daniels has sent in the cavalry . We just want to talk to Samuel for a couple of minutes . He 's not here . Mulder : Well , where is he ? I don 't know . I haven 't seen him . That boy 's been a bit troubled lately . We 're running late , Reverend . If you 'll excuse me . Agent Mulder ? Yeah . Sheriff Daniels . We spoke on the phone . This is Special Agent Dana Scully . You requested a copy of the coroner 's report . Right . Thankyou . I see you got a chance to take in the Holy Roller sideshow . Something tells me you 're not a member of the reverend 's fock . I remember Hartley when he was a soapbox preacher collecting dollar bills in coffee cans . Since the boyjoined the act he 's gotten himselfa Cadillac for every day of the week bought forwith money that should be used to improve our roads and schools . People want to believe . 99 % of the people in this world are fools and the rest ofus are in great danger of contagion . Even if Hartley and Samuel are fakes it 's still a long way from accusing the boy of murder . Witnesses say the boy was there laying hands on those people when they died . You think that 's how he killed them , with a touch ? I don 't know how but we 've been looking for him since Tuesday and he does not want to be found . There 's nothing unusual about these reports except that there were no autopsies . Hartley blocked my autopsy request on religious grounds . It doesn 't help that the county coroner is a member of the Miracle Ministry . Maybe we can arrange to have them exhumed . to have them exhumed . Sheriff ... It 's Reverend Hartley 's group . Damn . I told my people to keep quiet so this wouldn 't happen . Looks like you might have a few believers on the payroll . Man : On behalf of the Miracle Ministry we demand that you stop this sacrilege . You 're not just dealing with me anymore , Vance . You 're dealing with the fbi . We don 't mean you any disrespect . We 're investigating a possible homicide . Federal law requires we do a postmortem examination on these bodies . I 'm afraid we answer to a higher authority than the U.S. government- - one that considers grave digging and defiling corpses mortal sins . Daniels : We 'll get that autopsy , Vance . Sooner or later , you know we will . The deceased 's family does not want her grave disturbed . Carol Wallace had no family . We were her family . We were her family and it was hard enough to bury her once . So if you insist on going through with this we 're prepared to maintain a vigil and do whatever it takes to stop you . Daniels : Mulder Scully ... What ? One of my men just spotted the boy 's car downtown . Can 't do much here . Mulder : Let 's go . Daniels : Not a very likely place to be saving souls . Where 's the boy , Zook ? He 's in the can . What happened here ? Damn fool started a fight . Figures them Bible thumpers wouldn 't know how to hold their liquor . Where you been , Samuel ? We 've been looking for you . Yeah ? I 've been thinking . Well , you 're going to have plenty of time for that now , son . I 'm putting you under arrest . For murder ? For suspicion ofmurder . You mind if I finish my beer first ? Well , you go right on ahead . I 'm going to have somebody take a statement from you . I 'll see what I can do about getting your Caddie towed . Hey , Sheriff . What evidence do you have to charge the boy with murder ? Well , what more do you want ? The boy 's practically given himself up . He 's drunk , though . Well , then I 'll add drunk and disorderly . Let 's get this straight . It 's not a question about the boy 's guilt just how he did it . Let me have a minute with him ? Suit yourself . Samuel , I 'm Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . We 're from the fbi . Looks like you took quite a beating there . Penance , Mr. Mulder . Some might call it a plain old bar brawl . You know what they say- - " He giveth and He taketh away . " Man gets too proud sometimes it does him good to get the crap kicked out of him . Saves God the trouble . The trouble of what ? Humbling the guilty sinner . Guilty of murder ? Yes , sir . How did you do it , Samuel ? Apparently , my pride and my weakness were an invitation to the devil . I muddied the river of my own faith . Now my gift has been corrupted . You 're saying that you killed those people with a touch ? I 've laid my hands on the ill , given them health . I 've healed the sick . I 've even touched the dying and given them life . God has given me a special gift . Did He buy you all that jewelry too ? Something is missing in your story . Do you doubt the power of God , ma 'am ? No , but I doubt the veracity of your claims . I have looked on the infirm and seen their sickness- - their cancer . just as I can see the pain on this man right here . Really ? What pain is that ? The pain you have ... regarding a brother or a sister . It 's an old pain . It 's never been healed . Is this some kind of a trick ? No trick , ma 'am . Let 's get the sheriff ... I want to hear more about this pain . Tell me . I can see it , plain as day . It was a sister . You lost a sister quiteyoung . Someone took her away . What else do you see ? Strangers ... a bright light . Sheriff ... Samuel : You should have come here earlier . I could have healed your pain . Let 's get this overwith . I need another minute . I can 't help you , not anymore . My gift is gone . Cuff him . Let 's go . You have the right to remain silent . I 'll tell you , Mr. Mulder- - God watches over his fock . He gives us signs every day . Open your heart . He mightjust open your eyes . How do you think he does it ? I don 't know . Woman : Given his exemplary record and the highly circumstantial nature ofthis case I ask that my client be released on his own recognizance without bail ... judge , that is not a good idea . Samuel ! Let me go and it will be on your head . Enough . This is not a pulpit , this is a court oflaw . Is that understood ? Yes , sir . Sorry . Man : Your Honor , despite the defendant 's avowed guilt we see no reason to burden the county with his maintenance until trial . But we do request a minimum bail of $ 1 00,000 . All right , ifthere are no objections . Bail is set at $ 1 00,000 to be deposited directly into the clerk 's probation account . My God ! What is it ? Good God ! My God ! What is it ? ! What is this ? What ... What ... Oh , God ! How much more will it take foryou to believe ? The Lord has testified against me . Does the serpent have to biteyou on the ass till you understand ? Everybody , clear this courtroom . Mulder : " And when it was morning " the east wind brought the locusts . " And the locusts covered the face ofthe whole earth . " So that the land was darkened . And they did eat every herb ... " Come on , Mulder ... " And all the fruit ofthe trees which the hail ... " A few thousand grasshoppers does not constitute a plague . Besides , we 're in farm country . This area is an agricultural smorgasbord for this type ofinfestation . Maybe in a cornfield , but this happened in a courtroom . So what 's next ? The slaying ofthe firstborn ? ( chuckles ) Does this have to do with what Samuel said in the bar last night aboutyour sister ? I had these patient cases sent over from Kenwood County Hospital . These are physician-documented cases ofpatients who went to Samuel after conventional treatments failed . " Spontaneous remission ofmetastatic cancer ... " Regenerated nerve growth after post-trauma paraplegia ... " I have encountered dozens ofpsychic healers but none like this . I think the kid is for real . This is intriguing but there is a whole library ofmedical literature dealing with unexplained spontaneous cures . Now Western medicine treats the human body in biochemical terms . But the body could also be treated as an electromagnetic system . Soyour theory is that ifSamuel can repair this energy field to heal he can also destroy it to kill . Why not ? Okay , say that Samuel 's touch can kill . Whywould he want to ? He said he muddied the river ofhis own faith , meaning ... ( knock at door ) Ifyou 're available Reverend would like to seeyou . Hartley : I 've been under a lot ofstress lately which I know doesn 't excuse my rude behavioryesterday but I hopeyou found it in your hearts to forgive me . Why did you want to speakwith us ? I need your help . Samuel is being tried for murder . You need a good lawyer . Samuel is innocent . How can you be sure ? Because he 's my son . That argument will not work on ajury . And Samuel 's confession won 't help much either . You have to understand- - Samuel is a very complicated young man . He feels things like no one else . To him , a pinprick becomes a gaping wound . His power comes from this ability to feel . But some people fear that power . And out oftheirweakness and their fear they seek to destroy it . You mean Sheriff Daniels . It 's no secret Sheriff Daniels has been trying to shut me down since I first opened my tent ten years ago . He seems to think thatyour ministry is a fraud . He 's a faithless man , Agent Scully . His wife , she suffers from a most painful arthritis . Her fingers are twisted like bitter roots . Yet he keeps Samuel from ministering to her . In light ofrecent events , you can 't blame him . I don 't know how those poor people died . I can 't explain that . Which is why I 'm asking you to be there tonight soyou could see foryourselves Samuel doing God 's work . Can I count on you both to be there ? I think so . Mulder , what doyou think ? Excuse me . Where did she go ? Who ? The little girl . There 's no little girl around here . Scully : Mulder ... A little girl . Brothers and sisters , helpyourselves . Let the folks with the wheelchairs through now . That 's right . Don 't be shy . Hello there . Welcome to the Miracle Ministry . Y 'all come to see Samuel tonight ? Yes . Will he be here ? The paper said- - Don 't mind the papers . God 's workwill be done . Young Samuel will cast out the devil and heal the sick . Did you hear that , honey ? Could he see me ? I 'll tell you what- - I 'll put in a special word , hmm ? What 's your name , darling ? Margaret Hohman . Margaret , you wait right here . I 'll see ifsomebody can putyou in the front row . How 's that , huh ? I can 't go out there , not afterwhat 's happened . God tests the faith in us all , son . And because He has chosen you to act in His likeness He has given you the toughest test ofall . Do not forsake your gift , Samuel . Aw , man . I 'm a preacher , son . That 's my gift . But all the preaching in the world could never equal even a small miracle in consolidating the faith and hope ofthese people . Let this man- - whose lifeyou saved- - give witness tonight to the grace and goodness ofyour healing power . They 're all waiting on you , Samuel . Choir : * Ready , you got to be ready * * Ready , you got to be ready * * Ready , you got to be ready * * Ready , you got to be ready * * Ready , you got to be ready * * Ready , you got to be ready * * Ready , ready , ready * * Ready , ready , ready * * Ready , ready , ready * * ReadywhenJesus comes . * Yes , indeed ! Praise God ! Hallelujah ! All : Hallelujah ! Praise the Lord ! All : Praise the Lord ! God is here tonight . Oh , yes . - ( crowd murmurs agreement ) - Pass it down , please . I feel His presence . Oh , amen ! Apparently miracles don 't come cheap . God is here and He ... is here ... to heal ! ( cheering ) Yes , heal ! Hallelujah . There 's a man I 'd like to introduce toyou- - a man who has seen the face ofGod but who was not satisfied to go to that great place . No , God had work for him to do right here on Earth . As it is in heaven , mm-hmm . I saw this man come back from beyond death 's door . He stands here today as a living testament to the ability ofGod to work miracles . Ladies and gentlemen brothers and sisters ... our beloved friend , Leonard Vance . Leonard : As it says inJohn chapter three- - " No man can do these miracles unless God be with him . " ( murmurs ofagreement ) That man to whom I owe my life is Samuel Hartley . And he is here tonight to heal you . Hartley : Thankyou , Leonard . Ladies and gentlemen- - " God 's soldier , Samuel Hartley " . ( crowd clapping ) ( gospel music begins ) Mulder ! ( choir singing ) * lt 's time to seek the Lord * - * Find your daily time * - Receive God 's love . * For the time of His coming is near * - * For no man knows * - Through the power ofGod . * The day nor the hour * * There is no time to waste * * You better get your house in order * * Or it may be too late * - * The Lord is coming * - Praywith me . * Coming * * lt could be morning or night * * l said He 's coming * * Coming * - Closeyour eyes . - * Tomorrow might be too late * * Will you be ready ? * * Ready , ready ... * ( gasping ) ( gasping louder ) ( loud heaving ) What haveyou done , boy ? All right , everyone , remain calm . Give this young woman some room . Everybody praise God . - Say hallelujah . - Get an ambulance ! Don 't panic now ! just praise the Lord ! Oh , my baby . She 's dead . ( sobbing ) My lovely friends , children ofGod brothers and sisters ifyou desecrate the body then you slay the soul . Let 's keep this poorwoman 's body intact . We know that Reverend Hartley 's been pressuring you but this is the third death linked with the Miracle Ministry . Reverend Hartley says an autopsy is against Scripture . What illness did your daughter suffer from , Mr. Hohman ? She had M.S. Has she ever had a seizure before this ? Not to my knowledge . You see , I think that the seizure she had is indicative ofsome kind ofembolism or aneurysm . But the boy only touched her forehead . And areyou going to be content to bury herwithout knowing the true cause ofdeath ? Without knowing ifthere was foul play involved ? Give me a moment . You think the boy really did it ? No . Why not ? I was raised a Catholic and I have a certain familiarity with the Scripture and God never lets the devil steal the show . You must have really liked The Exorcist . One ofmy favorite movies . Well ... So who wereyou pursuing in the crowd tonight ? I thought I saw someone I knew . That boy really has you going , doesn 't he ? Why doyou say that ? In the bar , Samuel mentioned your sister . Is ityour sister you thinkyou 're seeing ? I 've seen her twice now . Maybeyoujust want to see her . I 'm not delusional , Scully . Don 't discount the power ofsuggestion . A healer 's greatest magic lies in the patient 's willingness to believe . Imagine a miracle , you 're halfway there . We learned that in med school . You think this is what Margaret Hohman or her parents were imagining ? We 're going to go along with your investigation . It 's 1 1 : 21 p.m. , March 7 . Subject 's name is Margaret Hohman . Female , Caucasian 1 07 pounds . Mulder , take a look at this . Do I have to ? Lesions on the lungs here . I 'm finding them throughout the cardiovascular and pulmonary systems . There 's also damage to the mucous membranes . She must have died from cellular hypoxia . A lack ofoxygen to the cells . What would cause that ? My guess ? Ingestion or injection ofsodium or potassium cyanide , maybe arsenic . I won 't know exactly until I run a toxicology screen on her . How soon ? Lab opens in the morning . See whoyou can push to get it done- - as soon as possible . ( door clanks shut ) ( footsteps ) Samuel , it 's Agent Mulder . Yeah ? What doyou want ? I want to talkwith you . Ifyou 'd preferyour attorneywere present ... Whatever . No . I put a call in to Sheriff Daniels . He 's on his way down here . - I 'm going to ask him to releaseyou . - Why areyou doing this ? You were there , man . You saw foryourself . Did you poison Margaret Hohman ? Did I poison her ? Did you poison her using potassium or sodium cyanide ? Because that 's what killed her . What areyou talking about ? You 're innocent , Samuel . Unless you had a hand in administering it . I don 't thinkyou did . Whatever the cause , Mr. Mulder , I am responsible . Evidence will be presented tomorrow . Habeas corpus law will force them to releaseyou . You should go home and get some rest . just leave me alone , okay ? Ifyou think the punishment foryour sins is the deaths ofthose people ... The Lord has testified against me . I can 't stand here and argue with your biblical rhetoric but I do know that the law will find you innocent . You said you could see my pain . Look at me . What doyou see now ? I see nothing . I am blind . I don 't believeyou . I 've seen her . It was her , wasn 't it ? Your sister ? You made her appear to me , didn 'tyou ? Look at me . I am very tired , Mr. Mulder . Is she alive ? ! Is that what I 'm supposed to believe or is this a trick ? You mean ... a trick ofthe devil ? ( exasperated sigh ) jailer ! I see I 'm a little late for the ball . I wanted you to release the boy . On what pretense ? His innocence . Aren 'tyou out ofyour depth here ? This may be Hicksville toyou but we do try and hew to the legal system . He seems determined to stay here anyway . What does that tell you ? It tells meyou 're determined to have him charged whileyour real homicide suspect is still at large . ( footsteps ) Got some company forya , Sam . ( grunting ) What areyou looking at ? ( doorbell rings ) I 'll get it . I 'll get it . Ma 'am , Sheriff . Hey , Dennis . How areya ? just fine , ma 'am , just fine . Except we had an incident down at thejail . What incident , Tyson ? The preacher boy . He 's dead . He was alone in his cell when Mulder left him this morning . How could this have happened ? The boy started a fight with a couple ofrowdies we picked up on a D.U.I. Took some mean blows to the head . Died before the ambulance got here . His blood is spilled and it 's all overyou ! Reverend ... How much longer areyou going to hide behind that badge before the truth is revealed ? I have work to do . Reverend Hartley ... we 're sorry foryour loss . That boy ... he was blessed . He never hurt a soul . Vance : Come on there , Reverend . Our friends will find out about Samuel sooner than later , and , well ... it 's probably best ifthey hear it from you . Come on . Ma 'am . You got that look on your face , Mulder . What look is that ? The kind when you 've forgotten your keys and you 're trying to figure out how to get back in the house . What exactly are we trying to find ? Clues . Oh . What does it mean ? Mulder : Let 's find out . Scully . It 's potato . Someone left a trail offood in the ventilation system leading to the courtroom . You dumpyour locusts in here ... instant plague . Where do they come from ? Biological supply houses hatch them on order to farms and universities . Shouldn 't be too hard to find out who set this up . And you think whoever did this is responsible for the murders . ( frightened gasp ) You 're dead . They killed you . I was dead ... but here I am . No ! Why did you betray me ? You murdered those people . They came to me to be healed and you murdered them . Why ? After I gaveyou backyour life . You call this life ? ! ( knocking ) What in tarnation doyou want ? We have a warrant for the arrest of Leonard Vance . Where is he ? You must be mistaken . Scully : Afraid not , Reverend . We traced a pesticide order to him from a chemical company . Cyanogen bromide- - It 's a cyanide derivative . Leonard poisoned those people ? ( whimpering ) Getyour clothes on , Vance . You 're under arrest . I betrayed him . Cyanide . There 's no way to tell how much he 's ingested . I 'll call an ambulance . We have to get him to the hospital ourselves . I thought , " Why didn 't he let me die ? " Beware offalse prophets who come toyou in sheep 's clothing but inwardly are ravening wolves . That 's what I thought he was because who else would bring me back looking like this ? He was here . - Who ? - Samuel . The man 's delirious . He was here , Reverend . Right in this room ... and he forgave me . ( choking gasp ) Scully : Rather than simply killing Samuel Vance contrived to kill the ministry 's faith in him . We have conclusive evidence connecting him both to the courtroom infestation and to the poisoning deaths ofthree members ofthe ministry . Vance 's obsession outlived Samuel however . His conscience haunted him until he became delusory and finally took his own life effectively ending our investigation . In light ofthis information it is highly doubtful that there have ever been any miracles in Kenwood , Tennessee . ( phone rings ) Mulder . ( knock at door ) Scully ? Sheriff Danielsjust called . Samuel 's body is missing from the morgue . Anywitnesses ? One , so far . The night nurse who made the report- - Beatrice Salinger . She saw somebody take him ? Not actually . What doyou mean ? Talk sense , Deputy . She didn 't exactly see anyone taking the body . Well , what then ? She , uh ... she claims she saw Samuel walking out by himself . Sounds crazy , I know , but that 's what she told me . You coming , Sheriff ? I was drinking my coffee and going over the night orders for myward , seven south , when he walked right by me . His face was all black and blue . You 're sure it was him . Well , at first I thought my eyes were playing tricks which happens a lot on graveyard so I got up to look again but I lost him around a corner . Hejust vanished . Then I went to check the morgue and his bodywas gone . Daniels : This is insane . I won 't listen to any more ofthis crazy talk . I 'm not the only one who saw him , Sheriff so I know I 'm not crazy . Other people saw him too . I 'm not crazy . It was Samuel . Lillian : This isn 't true , Maurice , is it ? The boywas an awful fake just likeyou said , wasn 't he , Maurice ? Wasn 't he , Maurice ? ( knocking ) Sir ... going to have to askyou to come with me . District Attorney wants to askyou some questions concerning the boy 's death . Sundays will probably never be the same again in these parts . I have a strong sense the Reverend Hartley is not going to be able to give up the pulpit . Even without his son ? Might even strengthen his faith . The boy did rise from the dead . That kind ofthing happens only once or twice every 2,000 years or so . Yeah , and I have a story about a plague oflocusts . I just hope Reverend Hartley didn 't arrange his body snatching as his miracle ofmiracles . Somehow , I don 't think so . What exactly doyou think ? I think people are looking hard for miracles . So hard that maybe they make themselves see what theywant to see . You coming , Mulder ? I made this .
