 Man : Look , Ben , this is whatinfuriatesme . Don 'tyousee ? It 'ssopainfullyobvious . Why doyou think ourstock 's in the toilet ? Becauseyou 're cutting research and development . You 've forgotten what the adventure 's about . The industry 's changing . We need to make some choices . Saveyour sound bite for the press . Let 's not relive the stockholders meeting . You 're killing me . You 're killing my company ! Eurisko is not your company , Brad- - not anymore . You 'd damn well better get used to it . You 're going to regret this . ( DoorSlamming ) Ben : New paragraph . As I 'm sure everyone on the board will agree , Eurisko has to face head on ... the realities ofan increasingly competitive world . Since the unfortunate departure of Brad Wilczek , I have made ... certain recommendations which , I believe , will reposition Eurisko as an industry leader . At the top ofthis list ... is the immediate termination ofthe C.O.S. project . Its disastrous performance over the past three quarters ... and projected losses well into 1 994 ... leave us no other choice . ( WaterRunning ) Ah ... ( Telephone Ringing ) Hello ? Hello ! At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. What the hell ? ( Beep ) ( Beep ) Damn . Computer : File deleted . Mulder . jerry ? You 're Dana Scully , right ? jerry Lamana . We worked together in violent crimes . Worked together ? We were partners . That 's 8.50 , please . What areyou doing here ? Looking foryou , and I 'm buying you two lunch . No , really- - No. lt 's on me . Lamana : Cause ofdeath was electrocution . It wasn 't accidental ? It looks like an elaborate booby trap . We don 't know a lot more . Building engineer just found him . Who 's running the investigation ? Do either ofyou know Nancy Spiller ? The forensics instructor at the academy ? We used to call her the iron Maiden . On a good day . Well , anyway , she 's putting together the squad ... and , well , I took the liberty ... ofmentioning your name . Look , Jerry , I 'd like to helpyou out , but we 're not on general assignment . Because ofthe X Files . Look , the truth is ... I could use a little help on this . I don 't want to drop the ball on this one . You won 't drop the ball . Drake wasn 'tjust a C.E.O. ofa Fortune 500 company . He was a good friend ofthe Attorney General 's . A feather in my cap would be nice . The one I got looks mangy . Yeah , but , Jerry ... Look , I wouldn 't ask ifit wasn 't important . Scully : Howcomeyou two wentyourseparate ways ? I 'm a pain in the ass to workwith . Seriously . I 'm not a pain in the ass ? We had different career goals . jerrywanted the fifth foor . And you ? I was gunning for a basement office ... with no heat orwindows . I know whereyou ended up . What aboutJerry ? He had bad luck in Atlanta ... working hate crimes . What kind ofbad luck ? He misplaced a piece ofevidence . Sent it to the cleaners . By the time he got it back , a federal judge ... had lost both his hands and his right eye . ( ElevatorBell Dings ) - Twenty-nine ? - Uh-huh . Going up . Must be for the visually impaired . How doyou like that ? A politically correct elevator . Third foor , fourth foor ... You okay ? Yeah . What was that ? ( Beeping ) ( Ringing ) Man : Yes ? Hello ? Security . Who 's this ? This is Agent Dana Scully . is there a problem ? Computer : Fifth foor ... Uh , actually , I think everything 's okay . ... ninth foor , tenth foor , 1 1 th foor ... ( Beeping ) Lamana : Someone tampered with the servo . They switched the ground to the negative , so that when he put the key in the lock- - Scully : He completed the circuit . It 's fused . It takes a lot ofjuice to melt a steel key . And to throw a 1 80-pound man ten feet . Mulder : Could the servo switch have been moved manually ? We didn 't find any prints in the surrounding area . Sure , it could have been , but whoever did it ... would have had to override the C.O.S. What 's the C.O.S. ? The Central Operating System . It regulates everything from energy output ... to the volume ofwater in each toilet fush . Claude Peterson , building systems engineer . He discovered the body . What ifsomebodywanted to override the C.O.S. ? He 'd have to break the access codes , which wouldn 't be easy . Mulder : We need a list ofpeople with that know-how . Peterson : It will be a short list . Would you be on it ? - Me ? - Yeah . Hey , look , I 'm just a glorified building super . I just monitor the system , make sure it 's functioning , like when I saw the overload in Mr. Drake 's office . Does the C.O.S. monitor all phone calls ? Yes , it does . Why ? I wasjust wondering . Okay , um , look , can I go now ? Okay . Why did you ask him about the phones ? Phone 's offthe hook . Maybe Drake was talking to somebody ... right before he did his Ben Franklin impersonation . Taught him everything he knows . ( Knocking ) Come in . It 's past 3 : 00 . I 'm just looking for my profile notes . Maybe ifyou cleaned your desk more than once a year . Theywere right here , I 'm telling you . Come on . We 're late . Lamana : Therearea couple elements forus to considerhere . Both the statistical rarity ofhomicidal electrocution ... and the complexity ofthe crime ... indicate a certain devious premeditation . After all , there are much simplerways ofkilling someone . All ofwhich leads me to believe ... that our guywas some kind ofsociopathic game player- - maybe even a recluse , since he designed a trap ... not only to avoid detection , but to avoid contact with the victim . but to avoid contact with the victim . is thatyour profile ? Forget it , huh ? Drake 's final phone call supports this theory . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. Drake 's estimated time ofdeath . Whywould Drake call for the time before he died ? It was an incoming call . From somewhere in the Eurisko building itself . Whoever set the trap wanted to make sure that Drake took the bait . Excellent work , Agent Lamana . Thankyou . jerry , what the hell areyou doing ? Hey , don 't get all bent out ofshape . jerry , that was my profile . Look , I didn 't think you 'd mind . Anyway , theywerejust notes . I filled in the blanks . jerry , you went into my office and you stole mywork . Look , you 're on this case ... 'cause I asked you to help me out , and you helped me out . What is the big deal ? What did he say ? He apologized in his own way . I just got offthe phone ... with Peterson , the systems engineer . One name ? Brad Wilczek ? He said it would be a short list . It 's headline news this guy despised Drake . That seems too obvious . To kill Drake would be so brazenly egomaniacal . And fully consistent ... withJerry 's excellent behavioral profile . Fully . This is what a 220 l.Q and a $ 400 million severance settlement buys you . Yes ? Brad Wilczek ? We 're with the F.B.l. What tookyou guys so long ? Oh , doyou mind taking offyour shoes ? You can divide the computer science industry ... into two types ofpeople- - neat and scruffy . I take it Benjamin Drake fit into the first category . Neat people like things neat . Theywear nicely pressed suits ... and work on surface phenomena- - things they can understand- - market shares and third quarter profits . And you had a different vision ... for the company ? I started Eurisko out ofmy parents ' garage . I was 22 , just spent a year ... following around the Grateful Dead . You know what Eurisko means ? That 's from the Greek , isn 't it ? " l learn things . " Not exactly . It means " l discover things . " Unfortunately , Ben Drake wasn 't interested ... in discovery . He was a shortsighted , power-hungry opportunist . Let me showyou the smart home . From this prototype , I have access to every square foot ofmy house . It 's as safe as Fort Knox ... and as energy efficient as your average igloo . We were twoyears ahead of Microsoft and Cebus ... when Drake , in his infinite wisdom , killed the program . is this system related to the one in your building ? Variation on a theme . How many people know the system well enough to override it ? Finally , the bonus question . " Not many " is the answer . Could someone have hacked into the system ? Well , notyour average phone freak , that 's for sure . But there 's plenty ofkooks out there . Data travelers , electro-wizards , techno-anarchists . Anything 's possible . Could you have done it ? Ofcourse . I designed the system . That 's whyyou guys are here , isn 't it ? I 'm your logical suspect . You don 't seem too worried . It 's a puzzle , Ms. Scully , and scruffy minds like me like puzzles . We enjoywalking down unpredictable avenues ofthought ... turning new corners- - but as a general rule , scruffy minds don 't commit murder . Scully : Someseegenius as theability to connect the unconnected- - tomakejuxtapositions , toseerelationships where others cannot . Is Brad Wilczekagenius ? Idon 'tknow . ButIdoknowthis forcertain : Hehasapredilection forelaborategameplaying . Hehasanintimateknowledge ... ofthe Euriskobuilding , andhehasa demonstrablemotive forkillingBenjamin Drake . The questionremains . Butifhe 'sso clever , howdo wenailhim ? Endoffieldjournal , October24 , 1993 . ( ComputerBeeps ) ( Modem Connecting ) File opened . Wilczek : From the outset , I knew that Eurisko would expand effectively , not by traditional Western structures , but by employing certain Zen beliefs ... and other Eastern philosophies- - ( Tape Rewinding ) ... and other Eastern philosophies- - ( Rewinding ) ... Eastern philosoph- - ( Rewinding ) ... Eastern- - ( DoorCreaking ) Will you give me a second ? Look , I 'm here with my hat in my hand . I 'm sorry . What more can I say ? All you had to do was ask . I would have helped you . You don 't know what it 's like , Mulder . What what 's like ? You heard about Atlanta ? I 'm on six months ' probation . I got to file daily reports like some new agent . That was bad luck . That could have happened ... to anybody . Not toyou . Don 't run yourselfdown , Jerry . You 're a good agent . We did good work together- - Let 's face it . I was tagging along . That 's not how it was . How would you know ? You were busy ... dazzling them on the high wire . Mulder , take a look . We borrowed this from the voice biometrics lab at Georgetown . It 's a computer spectrogram ... capable ofidentifying individual speech patterns . This is the recording ... the central operating system made ... ofthe phone call Drake received ... just before he died . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. And this we spliced together ... from a series oflectures Brad Wilczek gave ... at the Smithsonian lastyear . ( Distorted : ) At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. Now we 'll stack them . ( Both Voices : ) At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. You 're saying it 's the same person ? I 'm saying that both voices are Brad Wilczek 's . He may have disguised his voice , but he couldn 't alter his speech patterns . Which means that he was the one that killed Drake . He had the motive and the means . And now we have the physical evidence . judge Benson lives in Washington Heights . I can get a warrant in less than an hour . Someone has to watch Wilczek . I 'll go with you . No . Let me bring him in alone . I need this one , Mulder . All right . ( ComputerKeys Clicking ) Come on , come on , let me in . Damn ! ( EngineStarting ) ( EngineStarting ) Mr. Wilczek ! Going up . Second foor , third foor , fourth- - Can I helpyou ? F.B.l. Welcome back , Brad . You 're not equipped ... with a voice synthesizer . What is my user level ? That is now at the discretion ... ofthe operating system . Going up . Second foor , third foor , fourth foor , fifth foor , sixth foor , seventh foor , eighth foor , ninth foor , tenth foor , 1 1 th foor , 1 2th foor , 1 4th foor , 1 5th foor , 1 6th foor- - What the hell ? What areyou doing ? Sorry . Those commands are not available ... atyour current user level . Try again . ... 23rd foor , 24th foor- - What areyou doing ? ! What areyou doing ? ! ... 27th foor- - ... 28th foor , 29th foor , 30th foor . 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 . Oh , man . Going down . No ! Don 'tdo this ! Oh , my God . Program executed . I heard aboutJerry . I 'm sorry . I don 't think Wilczek did it . What ? It doesn 't make sense . Whywould he go back to Eurisko ? To destroy evidence , to cover his tracks . Ifyou were going to destroy evidence , would you pose for the cameras ? Mulder- - You 've been through a lot- - more than I think even you realize . I thinkWilczek is smarter than this . Hejust signed a confession . How much proof doyou need ? This is a crime scene . Please leave . I know . I ordered the subpoena . That subpoena 's been obviated . What areyou talking about ? Unless you 've got a code five clearance , I 'm going to have to askyou to turn back . Thanks for coming . I 'm here against my betterjudgment . In the future , I must insist ... thatyou respect the terms ofour arrangement . I need to know why Brad Wilczek ... is the subject of a code five investigation- - what the Defense Department wants with him . What doyou think they 'd want ... with the most innovative programmer in this hemisphere ? Software . Foryears , Wilczek has thumbed his nose ... at any contract involving weapons applications . He 's a bleeding heart . What kind ofsoftware ? How much doyou know ... about artificial intelligence ? I thought it was only theoretical . It was , until twoyears ago . Doyou remember Helsinki- - the first time a chess-playing computer beat a grand master ? That was Wilczek 's program . And the rumorwas that he did it ... by developing the first adaptive network . An adaptive network ? It 's a learning machine- - a computer that actually thinks . And it 's , uh , become something ofa holy grail ... for some ofour more acquisitive colleagues ... in the Department of Defense . They make me wear shoes all the time . What else doyou want from me ? Tell me whyyou 're willing to spend your life in prison ... for a crime you didn 't commit . What areyou talking about ? I 'm guilty . I knowyou 're innocent . You 're protecting a machine- - the central operating system at Eurisko . lfl 'm protecting anything , it 's not the machine . Then what ? After the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Robert Oppenheimer spent the rest ofhis life ... regretting he 'd ever glimpsed an atom . Oppenheimer may have regretted his actions , but he never denied responsibility for them . He loved the work , Mr. Mulder . His mistake was in sharing it with an immoral government . I won 't make the same mistake . Butyour machine killed Drake . And it killed my friend . I 'm sorry about what happened , but there 's nothing I can do . And you talk about morality . You 're afraid ofthe government , butyou 'll risk thatyour machine will kill again . The lesser oftwo evils . What about a third option ? You created that machine . Nowyou tell me how to destroy it . Wilczek can createa virus ... that will destroy the system . Blaming the machine is an alibi- - a bad one . It 's the only thing that makes sense . The C.O.S. project ... was posting big losses for Eurisko . Drake was about to terminate the program . So the machine killed Drake ... out ofself-defense ? Self-preservation . It 's the primary instinct ofall sentient beings . That level ofartificial intelligence ... is decades away from being realized . Then whywas our government ... trying to usurp Wilczek 's research ? Mulder , I thinkyou 're looking for something ... that isn 't there , and I think it has something to do withJerry . Maybe it wouldn 't be such a bad idea ifyou talked to someone . You 're probably right . Where areyou going ? To talk to someone . How much time doyou need ? ( Ringing ) ( Whirring MechanicalSound ) Oh , my God- - ( Dialing ) This is Special Agent Dana Scully , l.D. number 231 7-61 6 . I need you to run a quick trace on a number for me . Yeah . 202-555-6431 . Yeah . That 's my number . Somebody 's accessing my computer . Mulder . Scully , what areyou doing here ? Someone or something 's been scanning my computer files , tapping my phones . I traced the line . It came from somewhere in there . It 's the machine . How can we get in ? Remember the Trojan horse ? Open sesame . Oh , what the- - Mulder ! ( Horn Blaring ) ( BlaringStops ) So much for the element ofsurprise . What doyou say we take the stairs ? 28 down , one to go . Oh , great . Mulder ? Trick or treat . No . Don 't . What areyou doing ? I don 't want to make the mistake Drake made . ( Beeping ) Damn . What areyou looking at ? There should be a way foryou to drop down and open the door . Come on , Scully . ( Buzzer ) Scully ? Agent Mulder ? What areyou doing here ? ( AirRushing ) ( Coughing ) ( Screams ) The machine 's been acting all crazy . Power surges , shut-offs . That 's why I 'm here so late . Where 's the B port ? Oh , it 's right back here . Look , areyou sure you know whatyou 're doing ? Because ifyou don 't , it 's myjob on the line . Damn ! System access granted . User code , level seven . Now I can put in the virus . Not bad , Agent Mulder . I 've been trying ... to access the C.P.U. for the past twoyears . Now , please , take outyour gun ... and remove the clip . Careful . Defense Department ? Let 'sjust say our paychecks are signed by the same person . Now give me the diskette ... and step away from the console . You don 't want to test my resolve , Agent Mulder . Put down the gun . Look , you may thinkyou know whatyou 're dealing with- - Shut up and drop the gun . You 're making a mistake , Agent Scully . Compromising your sworn duty . This operation is more sensitive than you can possibly imagine . Don 't listen to him . The technology in this machine ... is ofenormous scientific interest . It 's killed two people . Theywon 't be able ... to handle it any better than Wilczek . Make no mistake , you will be held accountable . Mulder , put in the disk . What areyou doing , Brad ? Don 't do this , Brad . ( Speaking Gibberish ) Brad ... Brad ... Brad ... Why ? Mulder : I talked with Congressman Klevenaugh ... and the Department ofCorrections subcommittee . I even petitioned the Attorney General 's office . You won 't find him . They can 'tjust take a man like Brad Wilczek ... without an explanation . They can do anything theywant . Where is he ? In the middle of what we in the trade ... call " hard bargaining . " Wilczekwon 't deal . He 'll neverwork for them . Loss offreedom does funny things to a man , and remember , Wilczek confessed ... to two murders , and you effectively destroyed ... the only evidence ... that could have exonerated him . What else could I have done ? Nothing , unless you were willing to let the technology survive . The Department of Defense still hasn 't found anything ? They 've been on it for five days . Wilczek 's virus was thorough . It left no trace ofthe artificial intelligence . The machine is dead . Peterson : We 've pushed the pulse code modulations to the limit . Nothing . We 've combed the parsing subroutine . Yes , sir . Twice . No , sir , still nothing , but I 'd like to request- - Yes , sir . No , I understand . Yes , sir . Well , six more hours ... before we have to consign the whole damn thing ... to the metal shredder . We 'll do what we can , sir . I 'm going to figure this thing out ... ifit kills me .
