 ( thunder pealing ) ( animal howling ) ( neighing , mooing ) ( animal roaring outside ) ( growling ) ( screams ) ( growls , yells ) I 'm not a killer . I never meant to hurt no one . I 'm tired ofmy cattle being butchered . That 's the fourth one this month . Who orwhat doyou thinkwas responsible ? That cow looked like a piece ofpaper that went through a shredder . No animal could do that . Then areyou saying that a person was responsible for this ? I want to remind you Mr. Parker is free on bond pending trial . He 's willfully speaking solely in regards to this incident and not about other litigation . We can 't talk about Mr. Parker 's case against the Trego Indian Reservation ? That 's exactlywhat I mean . Wait a second . This ain 't the time for lawyer crap . I want to get this in the open . You think I killed an Indian because we 're having an argument about where my land ends ? We want to settle in court . joseph Goodensnake is dead with a wound from your shotgun . All I 'm saying , it was no animal I know of . But it damn well didn 't seem human , neither . Take a look at my boy 's scars . It was dark . We heard a growl . We went out to protect the cattle . I could have swore I saw ... red eyes and fangs . I thought my boy Lyle was ... Look , nobody--nobody- - was more shocked and upset than I was to find out it was thatyoung Indian boy but ifhe killed our cattle- - I 'm very sorry that we had to find out about it that way but as far as I 'm concerned that 's the end ofit . Can we see the corral ? I 'll takeyou out there . Agent Mulder ? Yeah ? Agent Scully ... I suppose ifl were hearing our side ofthe story it might not hold up too well- - parts I don 't understand myself- - things my father could never try to explain to a stranger . What kinds ofthings ? For the last few months wheneverwe 'd go outside at night to check the cattle we never saw anything out ofthe ordinary- - not a mountain lion , not a coyote not even anyTregoes , Agent Scully ... but I can feel it- - something not human- - out there ... watching me . The airwas more still . The night animals more quiet . It was like nature herself was terrified . Gave me the creeps . The creeps ? Yeah . The creeps . Don 'tyou ever get the creeps ? The victim was shot there about three meters from where Parker fired . There 's no way he could have mistaken a person for an animal . It 's open-and-shut , Mulder . You know , I 'm surprised you volunteered for this assignment . Any Bureau agent could have investigated this reservation homicide . Why areyou interested ? Well , there seems to be nothing unexplainable about this case . Nope . Not a thing . This is so odd . It 's almost like a snakeskin that 's been shed . I suspect the Parkers knowingly killed Goodensnake . They hardly seem the type to skin theirvictim . Police and coroner 's report make no mention ofsuch an act . Scully : We 'll have to look at the body ourselves . Mulder : The body 's been transferred to reservation authorities . We 're supposed to get in touch with a SheriffTskany . Excuse me . We 're not from around here . We 're looking for SheriffTskany . Anyone know CharleyTskany ? Man : Go home , F.B.I. How did you know ? I could smell you a mile away . Well , they told me that even though my deodorant 's made for a woman it 's strong enough for a man . I was at Wounded Knee in 1 973 . What I learned fighting the F.B.I. is you don 't believe in us , and we don 't believe in you . I want to believe . Whyyou here ? What areyou looking for ? You know what we 're looking for . You tell me what I know . We 're looking for information on the homicide ofJoe Goodensnake . We 're looking for anything that can create human tracks in one step and animal tracks in the next . Parker . He found whatyou 're looking for . He killed whatyou 're looking for , F.B.I. Parker and his kid killed my brother . You 're all too afraid ofsome stupid Indian legend to do anything . Gwen ! The suits come when theywant something but when we need help they 're nowhere to be found . SheriffTskany ? I 'm Agent Scully and this is Agent Mulder . Goodensnake 's body is in my office . Bill , Tom . Let them through . Come on , boys . Let them through . Who are they ? Guardians ofthe dead . They escort the deceased spirits to the new world . I let them as far as the front door . I keep ancient beliefs out there and police work in here . The woman in the pool hall said people were afraid ofsome legend . What do they believe happened ? I 'm not a park ranger here to answer questions about Indians . Whenever I need federal help I never get it . Since this case falls under thejurisdiction ofthe F.B.I. you 're entitled to examine the body . So let 's get it overwith . Mulder : Was the woman in the pool hall his sister ? Gwen . She andJoe are primarily responsible for fueling the boundary dispute with Parker . They felt he had been grazing his cattle farther and father onto the reservation . Parker probably told you it was his idea to settle in court . joe and Gwen filed the suit . Take a look at that scar tissue . Looks like he had been attacked by an animal as well . Tskany : CouldJoe have been attacked also ? Maybe the Parkers did see an animal . No . Those wounds have been healing for quite some time . The shotgun wound indicates point-blank range . The pellets entered the body in a single mass . The assailant couldn 't have been more than three feet away . We need to take a look at Goodensnake 's dental records . These are the canine cuspids . They 're normal . Could his records have been switched ? The second incisor is chipped just like the ones in his mouth . These match joe Goodensnake 's . There are cases ofcalcium phosphate salts developing abnormally with age but ... That could account forwhatJim Parker claims to have seen . He was out that night expecting to see a mountain lion . He gets rattled and the fashlight beam catchesJoe here . Parker saw what he wanted to see- - an animal . Lyle has scars just likeJoe . Doyou have a facility for an autopsy ? Why ? IfJoe 's teeth are abnormal , an autopsy might reveal abnormalities in the interior ofhis anatomy . I can 't allow that . I 'm fully qualified . No . The funeral is tonight . It 's a cremation . After that we 'll have nothing . Tregoes believe that the recent dead are unsettled by their new condition as spirits . Any desecration ofthe body angers the spirit and keeps it haunting this world . A law enforcement officer can 't destroy evidence . Don 't tell me what I can 't do . Native Americans believe there are laws greater than that ofthe U.S. government . Iftheywant joe at rest that 's the way it 's going to be . Ifyou want to make an issue out ofit with your authorities go right ahead . Charley , doyou believe that the spirit ofJoe Goodensnake is in that room ? All I know is tomorrow , the day after , you 're going to leave but I have to stay here . I 've got to answer to these people . You can continue your investigation . You 're going to have to do it withoutJoe Goodensnake 's body . ( man chanting ) Scully : Since we 've been here you 've acted as ifyou expected to find every piece ofevidence we 've come across . What aren 't you telling me ? Why are we here ? A true piece ofhistory , Scully- - The very first X-File initiated by j . Edgar Hoover himselfin 1 946 . During World War Il a series ofmurders occurred in and around the Northwest . Seven here in Browning alone . Each victim was basically ripped to shreds and eaten as ifby a wild animal . However , many ofthe victims were found at home as ifthey allowed their killer to enter . In 1 946 , police cornered what they believed to be such an animal in a cabin in Glacier National Park . They shot it but when theywent in to retrieve the carcass they found only the body of Richard Watkins . Sounds like the Parker scenario . The murders stopped thatyear . Because the cases were unsolved and so bizarre Hoover locked them away hoping that people around here would forget about them . This file indicates that they started again in 1 954 . And ' 59 , ' 64 , ' 78 , and now again in ' 94 but ... Here it comes . These animal-man related murders predate the oldest X-File by 1 50 years . Members ofthe Lewis and Clark expedition wrote oflndian men who could change their shape into that ofa wolf . What this folder describes is called lycanthropy . It 's a type ofinsanity in which an individual believes that he can turn into a wolf . I mean , no one can physically change into an animal . How can youjust dismiss the evidence- - the tracks in the mud , the shredded skin a man with the teeth ofan animal ? Even ifyou 're right andJoe Goodensnake did somehow have the ability to transform physically into an animal he 's dead . jim Parker shot him . In a couple ofmoments his bodywill be burned . End ofmystery . Let 's hope so . You don 't belong here . Gwen ... You 're around to wrap upyour investigation . I just wanted to say I 'm sorry aboutyour brother . I feel sad for anyone who loses a part oftheir family . A part ? He was mywhole family . I 'm it now . As a demonstration ofsorrow I 'm supposed to give away all my brother 's possessions . Gwen , I don 't know what to say . It 's no big deal . He had more possessions than he had friends . I read the report ofyour investigation into the Goodensnake homicide . It was very good . It was thorough , professional . But what I want to know is offthe record . What doyou think really happened ? Your explanation , Agent Mulder is lying on that burial platform . Why don 'tyoujust accept that and go home ? Charley , doyou believe in shape-shifting ? This is a funeral . ( drums beating ) ( man chanting ) ( group chanting ) ( chanting ) ( chanting continues ) - Get out ! - I want to show my respects . I don 't wantyour respects . I wantyour heart to grow cold . I wantyou to feel what I 'm feeling ! I thinkyou better leave , Mr. Parker . I wish your brother could be here . I wish that more than anything else . ( faint growl ) ( clinking ) ( growling ) By the way the body 's been mutilated I 'd say he 's been attacked by a large predator or somebodywanted it to look that way . Doyou think this is retaliation for the death ofJoe Goodensnake ? I don 't know . Haveyou talked to Gwen Goodensnake ? She seemed pretty upset last night . She 's gone . Nobody has seen her since the funeral . I 've put an A.P.B. out on her . And what about Lyle Parker ? We can 't find him either . He could be dead as well . I 'll take a look around . ( growling ) ( growls ) ( scully gasping ) That 's not from any animal I 've ever seen . Sheriff , I think it 's time we had a talk . An exchange ofideas ? Scully : Mulder ! I 'm taking Lyle to the hospital . He 's suffering from exposure . When he 's been checked out I 'm gonna question him . What areyou hiding ? I thought it was over . Over ? Is that whyyou wouldn 't allow an autopsy onJoe Goodensnake 's body ? You thought it would all end when he was cremated ? What wereyou afraid we 'd find ? I can 't tell you but I 'll takeyou to somebodywho can . I 'm ashamed to say it afterwhat happened at the funeral . I picked up some bourbon and I don 't remember a thing after that . Sometimes , when I 'm down I go out to where me and my dad keep stray animals that wander in on the ranch . I just watch them , you know . Keeps things in perspective . Anyway ... my mom- - when she was alive- - was the one that started keeping those animals . I guess I go out there and think about her too . God , I must have been reallywasted to run around there naked . You must have thought I was one ofthose animals . When you did go home , did you talk toyour father ? No . He 'd have been mad I even went to the funeral . I ... I have ... an image ofhim sitting on the front porch but ... I don 't remember talking to him . Why ? Your father is dead . I 'm sorry . ( sighing ) It appears as ifhe 's been ... attacked by an animal , but ... I suspect it may be homicide . Lyle , I lost my father recently and I know how overwhelming ... Was it my fault ? By going to the funeral did it anger them into killing my father ? I don 't know . I can deal with death . You know , living on the ranch , being close to nature and all you see how it all works . Things are born . Things die . Everything else falls in between . But ifl caused it ... Ifl brought it on I couldn 't , uh ... I ... I ... I saw it once with my own eyes . It was a long time ago . It seemed like a dream . I was a boy . Was that 1 946 ? The Watkins case ? I sense you 're different , F.B.I. You 're more open to Native American belief than some Native Americans . You even have an Indian name- - Fox . You should be " Running Fox " or " Sneaky Fox . " just as long as it 's not " Spooky Fox . " Tell me , lsh- - what did you see ? Watkins had been attacked by an animal when he was alone in the woods . His scars healed . It was forgotten . Then the murders began . The Tregoes- - we realized that Watkins had been attacked bywhat the Algonquins call the manitou an evil spirit capable ofchanging a man into a beast . To be attacked by a manitou causes the victim to become one . The healed scars onJoe Goodensnake 's body . The manitou overtakes a man by night , not by full moon but when its blood lust builds to uncontrollable level the man changes to a sickening creature . It kills , releasing a savage energy . The man returns to his true self unaware ofwhat has happened . The cycle begins anew the next day . This continues until death . One night when I was 1 6 years old I was coming back from fishing in the Cut Bank Creek . I knew a shortcut behind Watkins ' house . There was a ... a groan . Not animal , but not human . I looked into his window . He was covered in sweat and blood . He was in a great , great pain . His arm- - the skin ripped . It tore up and fell to the foor . Claws sprang from his fingernails . He turned , screaming and he saw me . His eyes ... his eyes were still human . They begged me to kill him and ifl had been hunting and had my gun I 'd have done it without a second thought . But being a boy , and scared to death I ran away . Shortly after , the police killed him . But the manitou rose again . Eightyears later . But with Watkins dead how could there have been an attack by a manitou ? Watkins had a son . It could be passed along bloodlines . Gwen . IfJoe Goodensnake was this creature then perhaps it didn 't originate in him by the first attack but was handed down through the bloodlines . Gwen could have it also . Gwen could have killed Parker . ( low metallic clank ) ( engine starting ) Gwen ! No , no , no .. ! Charley : You 're under arrest for stealing lsh 's car . What happened ? What areyou running from ? I saw it . I saw it kill Parker . Let her up . I went there after the funeral . I was going to mess up the kid . So I waited . Parkerwas on the porch . Then this thing , this animal- - Oh , my God ! ( sobbing ) I 've never been so scared . I ran , and I hid in the woods all day . I wanted to get out ... I wanted to get out ofhere . I wanted to get out ofhere . Bring her inside . ( crying ) Thankyou . Hello . This is DoctorJoseph . This is Agent Mulder from the F.B.I. I was told I could reach Agent Scully at this number . We released Lyle Parker from the hospital . She 's taking him back to the ranch . I can reach her there ? Uh-huh . Theyjust left . There 's something I feel you should know . I received the blood tests performed on Lyle Parker and there 's something rather unsettling . What 's that ? Traces ofhis father 's blood type . It can only be there through ingestion . Power 's out . Yep . Happens to us all the time being out here in the sticks . I 'll fire up the generator . ( gasps ) You okay ? I feel sick . Please , help me into the bathroom . Damn . Keeps disconnecting . The mountains must be blocking the signal . How much farther ? About seven miles . ( gasping ) Lyle , let me come in . Lyle , I want to takeyou back to the hospital . Okay ? No ! I 'll be all right . ( gasping ) ( gasping ) Lyle ? Lyle , answer me . ( gasping ) Lyle , areyou all right ? ( grunts ) ( roaring ) ( grunts ) ( growls ) ( yelling ) ( gasps ) ( whispering loudly : ) Scully ! ( growls ) ( growling ) ( gunshots ) ( growls ) Aah ! It 's okay . It 's me . I don 't know what happened . Somethingjumped me downstairs . I lost my gun . I heard it come up here . Come on . Okay . ( growling ) ( gunshot ) You all right ? Oh , my God . He was in the bathroom sick and then we were attacked by the mountain lion . Mulder : It wasn 't a mountain lion . Charley : It 's still in a cage . Where 's Gwen ? She said she 'd come see us before we left . She left last night . Gave away all her possessions to her friends . just pulled up and left ? Why ? Her brother 's gone , no family . Trouble with Parker is all over . Maybe she saw something that she wasn 't ready to understand . Maybe . Well , thankyou . F.B.I. Seeyou in about ... eightyears . I hope not .
