 As soon as we 're in position , we 'll be on a count offive . Excuse me . That 's my house . - What 's going on ? - Stand by . Mrs. Budahas ? Your husband commandeered a militaryvehicle and is armed . Oh , my God . You 've got to let me talk to him . What the hell- - We got him , but he 's going to need a doctor ... or something . ( Breathing Heavily ) Hi. I gotyour message . Sorry for the runaround . Can I buyyou a drink ? It 's 2 : 00 in the afternoon , Agent Mulder . That 's not stopping the rest ofthese people . I got something to showyou . Something you couldn 't show me at work ? Let 's get a table . Okay . Mulder : That 's Colonel Robert Budahas . That photo was taken lastyear when he was a test pilot for the military stationed at Ellens Air Base . Four months ago , Budahas experienced a psychotic episode and barricaded himselfin his home . The military police were called in . Budahas was removed and hospitalized for the treatment ofhis condition . - Which was what ? - The militarywill not comment on the cause , nature or status . - The militarywill not comment at all . - What doyou mean ? Mrs. Budahas has neither seen nor heard from her husband in over four months . Her inquiries have gone unanswered . Last month , she contacted the F.B.l. and reported it as a kidnapping . What reason would the military have to kidnap one oftheir own pilots ? That 's the $ 64,000 question , Scully . Since 1 963 , six pilots have been listed missing in action from Ellens Air Base . The militarywill say only that these pilots accepted the risks offying experimental aircraft . Yeah , there are rumors those pilots were shot down at high altitudes while theywere routinely penetrating Russian airspace . There were other rumors too . I 've been tracking this case since it came through the Boise office last month . Last week , it was deprioritized . They shelved this case without an investigation , Scully . So- - So we 're going to the Spud State to investigate a kidnapping . I don 't get it , Mulder . Does this have something to do with an X-File ? I thoughtyou only liked those paranormal-type cases . Am I missing something here ? Let 'sjust say this case has a distinct smell to it . A certain paranormal bouquet . Excuse me . Leave this case alone , Agent Mulder . What ? The militarywill not tolerate an F.B.l. investigation . Who areyou ? I , uh ... can be ofhelp toyou . I 've had a certain interest in yourwork . ( PoundingAtDoor ) How doyou know about mywork ? Let 'sjust say that I 'm in a position to know quite a lot ofthings- - things about our government . Who areyou ? Who doyou work for ? It 's unimportant. I came here to giveyou some valuable advice . You are exposing yourself and Agent Scully to unnecessary risk . I adviseyou to drop the case . I can 't do that . You have much work to do , Agent Mulder . Don 'tjeopardize the future ofyour own efforts . You okay , Mulder ? Yeah. I 'm fine . ( Phone Ringing ) Hello ? Scully : Mulder , I checked on that fileyou gave me . You failed to tell me a few things . This isn 't some U.F.O. goose chase you 're leading me on , is it ? Areyou there , Mulder ? Yeah . The Bureau has it out for us already and it would make us appear pretty stupid ifmy field report read like some tabloid story . Listen , I don 't want to talk about it on this line . I 'll talk toyou about it on the fight out , okay ? ( SonicBoom ) - Hello ? - Mrs. Budahas ? - Yes . - We 're from the F.B.l. Oh , yes . Please , come in . I started noticing it about twoyears ago . Bob developed this rash under his arms . We 'd been doing some renovations on the house so we thought it was a reaction to the paint stripper but then everything just went crazy . Scully : How doyou mean ? Mrs. Budahas : Bob 's whole personality- - it was so unpredictable . - He started doing things- - - What kinds ofthings ? What kinds ofthings ? Mrs. Budahas : It was kind ofembarrassing at first . We were having this dinner party once and he sprinkled Tetrameal D all over his food . Hmm ? That 's fish food fakes . You ever talk to him about this ? I tried . It was extremely difficult . Bob would get so angry , he 'd ... yell at the kids for no reason . And then he would shake like he was having a seizure . Did he ever talk about his work ? It was never discussed , even before the problems . I knew that he worked on top secret projects- - word gets around- - but Bob was always a patriot first . He took loyalty to his country as an oath and now they treat us like strangers- - I just want my husband back . You know the government is not above the law . They cannot withhold information . And then I think ... well , what ifhe 's- - How would I support the family ? You said word gets around . I 'm sorry . Haveyou ever heard ofthis happening to anyone else ? Um ... yeah . Verla McClennon 's husband- - he went kind ofcrazy but it 's not like he didn 't get to come home . - How long has he been- - - Almost twoyears . The fy-fishing idea was his brother Hank 's . I was upset at first but when you 're the wife ofa test pilot you thank God just to have him home alive . Mrs. McClennon has anyone ever offered to explain what caused this ? The stress , I guess . You have to understand the military deals with things in a certain way . They 've given him plenty oftherapy and treatment and I 'm thankful for that . They 've taken good care ofus . And they do volunteer for theirjobs . Really , Anita- - bringing the F.B.l. to my house . Here. I 've called all the numbers about 1 , 000 times . Please , let me know whatyou find out . We 're at the Beach Grove Motel ifyou need anything . Thanks . So what did you make of Uncle Fester ? It 's called stereotypy . It 's a syndrome produced by stress . P.O.W.s have been known to suffer from it . They 've studied it in zoo animals . Yeah , but these guys are test pilots . They 're not supposed to fold under pressure . Ever hear ofsomething called the Aurora Project ? That 's the unacknowledged code name for some defense department surveillance project . They 've been testing a secret class ofsuborbital spycraft over the western U.S. Maybe these guys are fying those planes . Maybe these guys are the washouts . You saw the photos . This guy Budahas received a presidential commendation . He 's neverwashed out ofanything in his life . Been on hold with the base director ofcommunications . How aboutyou ? Somebody named Colonel Kissel will meet with us ... a week from Friday . Yeah , right . Did you say Kissel ? - Colonel Kissel ? - Yes ? Can I talkwith you ? Special Agent Mulder , F.B.l. I 've got nothing to say . This is an invasion ofmy privacy . Why don 'tyou talk to us about Colonel Budahas ? Why don 'tyou get the hell out ofmyyard ? Good thing we still kept that appointment . Hi . Areyou the F.B.l. agents ? I 'm Paul Mossinger . I work for the paper . We live nearVerla McClennon . You guys are looking into this Budahas thing ? We 'rejust looking around . I gotyou . Right . A lot ofpeople out here just looking around . U.F.O. nuts mostly but it 's not every daywe get F.B.l. ( SonicBoom ) By the timeyou hear them , they 're already gone . So this Budahas thing- - areyou getting anywhere ? I 'm not at liberty to comment . Well- - Paul ... right ? You 've lived in this area a while . You ever seen a U.F.O. ? Never . Bunch ofhooey ifyou ask me . People see what theywant to see . But ifl wanted to talk to one ofthose U.F.O. nuts you referred to earlier , where would I go ? ( SonicBoom ) F-1 5 Eagle , pulling about four G 's . Those boys think they are such hotshots . Get a few drinks in them , you 'd think it was them up there fapping theirwings . Who 's the photographer ? Woman : Various and sundry . I took the one on the end there . Mulder : You 're kidding . Where ? Out on the back porch . Taking out the garbage . And there it was ... just hovering . Quiet like a hummingbird . For a minute there , I thought it was going to land and I was going to serve ' em lunch . I 'm selling limited edition prints- - $ 20 . Down to my last five , ifyou 're interested . - Put it on my tab . - Sucker . What would be the chances ofsomeone like me seeing a U.F.O. ? Catch you outside . You want to see something weird , Mulder ? Ellens Air Base isn 't even on my map . I know . Let 's go . You know ? Where are we going ? We got our own map , sucker . What doyou honestly hope to see ? I don 't know . Maybe nothing . is this whywe came out here , Mulder ? To look for U.F.O.s ? Yeah , this is going to look real good on my field report . ( Rattling ) ( Screams ) Scully , wake up ! You gotta see this . What are they ? I don 't know . just keep watching . It 's unbelievable . That 's unreal . I 've never seen anything like it . They 've been going at it for haifan hour . That can 't be aircraft . Aircraft can 't maneuver like that . - What else could they be ? - Lasers , maybe- - being shot from the ground , refecting offthe clouds . Oh , my God . Here comes another one . That 's not a plane . That 's a helicopter . - Hey ! - Let 's get out ofhere ! - Okay , don 't shoot . - Stay right there . We didn 't do anything . ( HelicopterApproaching ) Come on ! ( Chuckling ) That was extreme . - Let 's go . You 're coming with us . - What ? So , what exactlywereyou guys doing in there ? We were , um- - We werejust- - We kind ofhave this spot . You know , we kick back and listen to some tunes and watch the air show . Wereyou ever chased out before ? No . Our friend showed us the hole in the fence about a year ago . One time they dropped these bombs- - Whoa . It was kind ofheavy . Oh , uh , there 's this place called the Yellow Base where they 're supposed to store all this stuff . My friend said there 's land mines all around it andjunk like that . I 've got a 20 . Over . Roger , Redbird . Assume fallback position . - We 're opening the cage . - Redbird out . Sometimes they come in real low and put on the skidders , right ? It 's like ... ( Screeches ) Then theyjust hover without making a sound , and youjust think who turned down the volume , right ? What doyou think they are ? Okay , everybody thinks they 're , like , U.F.O.s but I think it 's some kind ofStarWars-cybertac newfangled hardware , right ? Probably roll it out for Desert Storm ll . Cruise right over Saddam 's house . He 'd be like , what ? Do they look anything like this ? No . They look exactly like that . Thanks . Later , dude . - What 's that ? - Evidence . ( Music Playing ) Kids today , huh ? You believe it all , don 'tyou ? Whywouldn 't I ? Mulder , did you see their eyes ? - lfl were that stoned- - - lfyou were that stoned , what ? You could have shown him a fying hamburger and he would have told you that 's exactlywhat he saw . I want to showyou something . This is a photo ofa U.F.O. that reportedly crashed in Roswell , New Mexico in 1 947 . Now , I know you don 't believe that story butjust hear me out . Now , Ellens Air Base , where we 're at right now- - the same base that doesn 't appear on your U.S. Government map- - is supposedly one ofthe six sites where parts ofthe wreckage were shipped . Mulder , areyou suggesting that the military is fying U.F.O.s ? No . Planes built using U.F.O. technology . Mulder , come on ! You 've got two blurry photos one ofthem taken almost 50 years ago and another oneyou purchased today , in a roadside diner . You 're out on a big limb . Tell me there isn 't a remarkable resemblance . Tell me one good reason why either ofthese photos is authentic . You saw what I saw tonight . What doyou think theywere ? just because I can 't explain it doesn 't mean I 'm going to believe theywere U.F.O.s. Unidentified fying objects . I think that fits the description prettywell . - Tell me I 'm crazy . - Mulder , you 're crazy . And it still doesn 't explain to me what happened to Colonel Budahas . ( Knocking ) You didn 't come to raid my mini-bar , did you ? - You ready for this ? - What ? We got a message from Mrs. Budahas . Her husband came home last night . - We gotyour message . - ( Sniffling ) Mrs. Budahas , areyou okay ? Come inside . What is it ? What ? What 's wrong ? That ... is not my husband . Honey ... who are these people ? That is not him . That is not my husband . They 've done something to him . - What areyou talking about ? - lt 's okay.Just relax . I 'm Special Agent Mulder from the F.B.l. We 're investigating your disappearance , Colonel Budahas . I 'm wondering ifyou have any explanation ofyourwhereabouts over the past four months . - l was in the hospital . - Here ? On base ? I think so . Colonel Budahas , doyou mind ifl askyou your birth date ? November 21 , 1 948 . - And the names ofyour kids . - Josh and Leslie . They 're right there . Yeah . - Green Bay fan . - Yes , sir . Betyou remember the Super Bowl of ' 68 , huh ? - Don Chandler . - Kicked four field goals . Lombardi 's last game . Why do I have to answer these questions ? It 's not him . Colonel Budahas , you 're a pilot , isn 't that right ? - Yes , sir . - Betyou 've fownjust about everything with two wings . I got this hotshot pilot friend who said he could do an lmmelemann at a sustained eight G 's . is that possible ? I ... I don 't- - l can 't- - Anita . I can 't remember . No . Mulder , would you explain to me what 's going on ? I think they rewired that man 's brain- - some kind ofselective memory drain . The brain doesn 't work like that . You can 'tjust erase certain files . - Then you explain it . - There are types ofamnesia- - This is not amnesia. lt 's something far more deliberate and insidious . The science or medical technology to do whatyou are suggesting does not exist . And neither does the technology to fy the aircraft we saw last night . They can do this . That man should have known the answer to the question . Itjust wasn 't in his head anymore . Scully : Eveniftheycould , why would they ? To control information . I think after his psychotic episode Colonel Budahas became a security risk . It couldn 't be that he had a nervous breakdown with a concomitant memory lapse ? I think men like Colonel Budahas are incapable ofdealing with the stress offying that aircraft . We 're talking about a technology so sensitive and advanced that it 's taken almost 50 years to make it work . U.F.O. technology , Scully . - What the hell is this ? - Hold on ! Please , step outofthe car . You think ifmaybe we ignore him he 'll go away ? Please , step outofthe car . Guess not . Special Agent Mulder , F.B.l. We 're federal agents . You want to tell me what this is about ? National security . Now get in your car . You 'll be escorted back toyour motel . You 'll pack and leave town immediately or assume the consequences ofintense indiscretion . Nothing under Idaho plate CC1 356 ? No plate registered under that number ? ( Sighs ) Thanks , Gail . No , no , no. I 'm sure the other one 's bogus too . Bye . So who were those guys ? I don 't think it was those kids theywere chasing away from the base last night . I think it was us . They knew we were coming before we ever arrived and they returned Colonel Budahas as a decoy . - There 's something I didn 't tell you . - Something else ? A man in D.C. warned me to stay away from this case . He didn 't give me his name and my phone was being tapped . - What ? - Whywould they go to all this trouble ? Out ofa need for security ? Security ofwhat ? I think there 's a huge conspiracy here , Scully . They 've got a U.F.O. here and they 'll do anything to keep it a secret including sacrificing lives and minds ofpilots because what ifthat secret got out ? lf- - If- - that were true it would be a national scandal . No . You 're not thinking big enough . lfit were true it would be confirmation of the existence ofextraterrestrial life . Did you ever stop to think that what we saw was simply an experimental plane like the Stealth Bomber or this Aurora Project ? Doesn 't the government have a right and a responsibility to protect its secrets ? Yes , but at what cost ? When does the human cost become too high for the building ofa better machine ? These are questions we have no business asking . Our kidnap victim is no longer outstanding . Let 's get out ofhere , Mulder , whileyou still have ajob . Aren 'tyou even curious ? Um ... I 'm going to shower , I 'll pack and then we 'll get out ofhere . ( EngineStarting ) Mulder ! Where areyou going ? ( TiresSquealing ) Right here . Hey , aren 'tyou guys coming ? No . We 've only gone in at night . Okay . This spotyou told me about where you watched the air show , how far is it ? Uh ... 45 minutes ? - Will I be able to find it ? - Girl : Stay on the path . What about this other place- - Yellow Base with the hangar there ? Don 't . It 's like ... ten miles . Nobody 's ever been that far ! Hey , don 't go past the edge ofthe tall weeds . Oh , man . Did we tell him about the land mines andjunk ? Hey ! Go , go ! - No ! - Come on . Hold him . Yeah , I 'm trying to make a call to Washington , D.C. and I can 't seem to get a long-distance line . Hello ? Hello ? Excuse me . My phone 's not working . - Can I useyours to make a credit card call , please ? - Sure thing . Thankyou . - This one 's not working either . - Phones are undependable around here . People say it 's the military interference , but they say that about everything . Thanks . Hi. I wasjust looking foryou . I knocked , but I saw the doorwas open . I was in the lobby trying to make a call . - Phones down again ? - Yeah . Whatareyoudoing ? ( Tapping On Window ) Excuseme . There 'snothing in there . ( Grunting ) ( HammerCocking ) Against the car ! Hands on the car ! Do it ! Put the gun down , and we 'll talk . I said hands against the car . Who areyou ? You 're a long way from home . Nobodywants to come to violence now . Where 's Mulder ? - We took him to the base . - We waited for him . Get on that walkie-talkie and find out where Mulder is . - l don 't think I can . - l thinkyou can or I 'm going to have every newspaperwriting aboutyour experimental aircraft . There are otherways to go about this . Yeah , I 've already seen whereyou get with tears and a sad story . - ( Man Over Walkie-Talkie ) - Roger . - What are we doing ? - Waiting . I want the car running . I said start the car ! And putyour hands on the wheel where l can see them . You do anything stupid and this situation could get big in a hurry . Youjust keep telling yourselfthat . Keep the car running and step out ofthe car . Get in the car , Mulder . Get in the car ! I just want to say everything you 've seen here is equal to the protection we give it . It 's you who have acted inappropriately . You okay , Mulder ? I think so . Scully , l- - What ? How did I get here ? - Mulder : Hi . - Hello . We came by to see howyour husband was doing . Oh , he 's fine . He 's getting much better now . Doyou think maybe we could see him ? Um , well , he 's resting now . Budahas : Whoisitnow ? Thankyou foryour concern . They got to her , Scully . Theywere here . - They threatened her- - - That 's enough , Mulder ! We don 't know anything- - anything more than when we got here and that 's what I 'm going to write in my field report . Let 's get out ofhere , Mulder as fast as we can . Scully : Lieutenant ColonelRobert Budahas was returnedtohishome thoughhisknowledge of his disappearanceandwhereabouts is vagueandinconclusive . SpecialAgentMulder 's insistence thatBudahasmayhavebeena testpilot ona topsecretproject involvingaircraftusing " recoveredU.F. O. " technology andmayhavesufferedsevere stress-relatedtrauma by flying theseaircraft isalsoinconclusive . Though this agentcan corroborate AgentMulder 's eyewitnessaccount oftwo unidentifiedflyingobjects in thenorthernsky overEllensAir Base their exactnature ordesign couldnotbe determined . Barring further authorizedinquiry ... - Your lives may be in danger . - Why ? You 've seen things that weren 't to be seen . Care and discretion are now imperative . As I said , I can provideyou with information but only so long as it 's in my best interest . - What is your interest ? - The truth . I did see something ... but it 's gone . They took it from me . They erased it . You have to tell me what it was . A military U.F.O. ? Mr. Mulder , why are those likeyourself who believe in the existence ofextraterrestrial life on this Earth not dissuaded by all the evidence to the contrary ? Because all the evidence to the contrary is not entirely dissuasive . Precisely . They 're here , aren 't they ? Mr. Mulder , they 've been here for a long , long time .
