 ( loudrumbling ) The kids . Boy : Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Kevin . ( Yelling ) ( KevinScreaming ) Mom ! Ruby 's gone ! Ruby ? Ruby ? Ruby ? Ruby ? Ruby ! Blevins : AgentMulder 's latest302 requesting assignment and travel expenses for the both ofyou . Sioux City , Iowa . That 's the first I 've heard ofit . It came up through channels from Mulder 's ASAC to the district G-1 4 and onto my desk . I don 't understand . In essence , Mulder is petitioning the bureau to assign a case number to a tabloid headline . He must have more evidence than ... Not according to his 302 . I admit , that is strange ... even for Mulder . Perhaps it has something to do with this . Take a look . An X file ? Has he shared any ofthis with you ? There 's no need to protect him . He 's the agent ofrecord . He initiated the file himself . She was his sister . She disappeared 21 years ago . He was 1 2 and she was eight . He claims that he was in the room when it happened . He recalls a bright light outside the window and , uh ... and a presence in the room . In your opinion has Agent Mulder 's personal agenda clouded his professional judgment ? In my opinion , no . Butyou can see how it might appear that way . As you know , Agent Mulder 's preoccupation with fringe matters has been a big source offriction in the Bureau . This is another case in point . I 'm going to disallow the 302 . With respect , sir , at least let me talkwith him and make a recommendation . Itjust doesn 't seem ... substantial enough to warrant an investigation . Okay , Scully , so we disagree . It 's not the first time , and it won 't be the last . At least ifwe had a legitimate source ... This is the essence ofscience . You ask an impertinent question and you 're on yourway to a pertinent answer . What makes this case any more credible than the hundred-year-old mother with the lizard baby ? Because the lizard baby wasn 't born anywhere near Lake Okobogee . - Oko-what ? - Bogee . Okobogee . is that supposed to mean something to me ? Ifyou know anything about trout fishing or U.F.O. hot spots . Define hot spot . Four sightings in 1 967 , August including one by a National Weather Service plane . This is a light-blasted , digitally enhanced enlargement . The pilot took that photograph ? Try a Girl Scout with an lnstamatic . Four ofthe nine girls in the troop claim to have seen something . Five , ifyou include the den mother . The air force said it was a weather balloon caught in a wind shear but there wasn 't a weather balloon launched that day within 700 miles . Read me the names of those Girl Scouts from 1 967 . Lisa Terrel , Bonnie Winston , Doreen Mccallister , Darlene Mor- - It 's the same Darlene Morris . Ms. Darlene Morris ? I 'm Agent Scully , and this is Agent Fox Mulder . We talked with you on the phone last night . Please , come in . Well , I knew that ifl screamed loud and long enough that someone would listen but I never expected the F.B.l. Uh , this is Kevin . Kevin , say hi . Would you like some coffee ? Mmm . Some days , I can 't even ... get myselfup out ofbed and ... Kevin has been acting so strange . I don 't know what to do anymore . I just want her back again . Ms. Morris during the divorce , was there a custody battle ? Charles had nothing to do with this . How can you be so sure ? Because I know what happened . It 'sjust like it was before . Summer of 1 967 ? The Girl Scout troop ? - How did you know ? - Your name 's on record at the Center For U.F.O. Studies in Evanston , Illinois . Really ? Yeah , a pilot for the National Weather Service made a sighting over the same area on the same day . They took her , didn 't they , Mr. Mulder ? You said that Kevin was there the night it happened ? He didn 't see anything . He was asleep . Doyou think I might talk to him anyway ? - Mmm . - Thanks . You know ... I 've told the story so many times now ... Oh , to the newspapers and the police ... And every time I tell it people get this look in their eye just like the look thatyou 've got right now . Hey , buddy . You mind ifl sit down ? Thanks . Your mom tells me you 've been having nightmares . I guess so . - You want to tell me about them ? - No . All right . What areyou doing ? You making something ? Can I take a look at it ? Thanks . It 's coming from there . The TV ? I don 't know what it is . May be a binary sequence ofsome kind . Could be anything , could be nothing . I knowyou 're busy . Look , I know a friend who knows a friend who knows a friend who can getyou a ticket to a Redskins game . You got it . All right . You know where to find me ? Thanks , Danny . As I was telling your partner , we found no evidence ofkidnap . No phone call , no ransom note and since we didn 't turn up a body ... You assumed she ran away . Well , it wouldn 't be the first time Ruby Morris ran away from home . How doyou explain what her mother saw ? I think that Darlene has a very active imagination . I 've been listening to those stories since the first grade . So , basically , you ignored her statement . I included it in my report . Butyou didn 't bother to check it out . We went out to the campsite . We didn 't find anything . Darlene 's little girl was no prom queen . I can 't count the number oftimes I pulled her out ofparked cars or found her puking her guts out by the side ofthe road . It wasjust a matter oftime before ... Before what ? Before something bad happened to her and if Darlene needs to make up crazy stories to get past that , fine , but don 't tell me to treat it as the truth . I 'm not going to waste my time . I just think it 's a good idea not to antagonize local law enforcement . Who ? Me ? I 'm Mr. Congeniality . You never know . We might need his help one ofthese days . I 'll send him a bundt cake . You 're looking for Ruby , right ? That 's right . Who areyou ? It doesn 't matter . Areyou a friend of Ruby 's ? Ruby didn 't have friends . Shejust had people she liked to hang with . And she liked to hang out with you ? I guess we had some times . Like the night she disappeared ? It was Greg . She was supposed to see him that night . Who 's Greg ? Her boyfriend , Greg Randall . Theywere supposed to meet up at the lake . They had stuffto talk about . What kind ofstuff ? Greg got Ruby pregnant . I don 't know , whatever , she got herselfpregnant . Doyou know what they were planning to do about it ? Theywere going to leave town . At least , that 's what Ruby told me . You know Greg from school ? Greg ? School ? I don 't think so . All he ever did since we met him was pour beer at the Pennsylvania Pub . Excuse me . - Doyou know where we could find Greg Randall ? - Who 's asking ? What kind oftrouble 's he got himselfinto now ? Actually , we were hoping you could tell us . Greg called in sick three weeks ago , man . I haven 't seen or heard from him since . Any ideas where he might have gone ? No , but ifyou find him , tell him he 's fired . This is the hotel we 'll be staying at ifyou hear ofanything . That 's a nice tattoo . What is that ? What 's it look like ? A fying saucer . You don 't really believe in that stuff , doyou ? I take ityou don 't ? No , I think it 's all just a bunch ofcrazy people howling at the moon . So , you haven 't been out to Lake Okobogee , haveyou ? No , I haven 't . Why ? You should ride with us sometime . You might see some things that will changeyour mind . Get a killer sunburn in the middle ofthe night . Where 's Mulder ? Where did you get the document ? Ifyou explain whatyou 're talking about , maybe I can helpyou out . This is a document ? just looks like a bunch ofones and zeroes to me . - Tell me whereyou got it . - Tell me what it is . Keep playing games l 'll haul your ass up in front ofthe D-6 . You can explain to them whatyou 're doing obstructingjustice . It 's your call , Holtzman . Unless they tell me otherwise I 'm not accountable to anybody outside my subcommittee . I don 't care ifit 's the N.S.A. or the Vatican Police . It 's a defense satellite transmission . You 're kidding . just a fragment , but highly classified . We need to know where it came from . Well , sure , I 'll letyou know as soon as I find out . That 's it , Mulder . Youjust boughtyourself a one-way back to Washington . We got it . Great . What ? You shouldn 't have told them . They have nojurisdiction . Mulder , they 're N.S.A. They think the boy may be a threat to national security . How can an eight-year-old boy who can barely multiply be a threat to national security ? People call me paranoid . How did Kevin obtain top-secret information ? Where doyou think he got it from ? It 's okay , baby . Don 't worry . - lt will be okay . - Agent : Come with me , son . Mom ! It will be all right , baby . You guys do really delicate work . - Let 's get this to Cryptography . - Let 's go . Thinkwe got what we needed . Thankyou . What is it ? I 'm not sure . We scanned all 77 pages through the mainframe . And none ofthe information is actionable . Other than the satellite transmission nothing can be construed as a security risk . The boy 's being released this afternoon . So it wasjust a random set ofones and zeroes ? On the contrary , there was nothing random about it . I don 't understand . All information can be rendered digitally in a series ofones and zeroes . When we downloaded the data , we found an amazing range ... Well , see foryourself . Da Vinci 's UniversalMan . A DNA double helix . There 's lots more . ( ClassicalMusic Playing ) - That 's from the Brandenberg Concertos . - But they 'rejust fragments . A few notes here and there some lines from the Koran , a Shakespearian sonnet ... Almost like someone switching channels , huh ? - Mrs. Morris ... - l have nothing to say toyou . Mrs. Morris , please , give me a minute to explain . Would you pleasejust wait right over there for Mama ? I 'll be right there . I thoughtyou were both here to help us . Scully : This has been a terrible mistake and I assureyou that the government will pay for all damages . I don 't wantyour money . I want my daughter back and I wantyou to leave us alone . Butyour son has seen something . You stay away from me , and you stay away from my child . Come on , honey . It 's okay . Let 's go now . I thought we were headed back into town . Where are we going ? The boy 's the key , Scully . I know it . The key to what ? Finding Ruby . Think about it for a minute . This is a boywho is receiving digitized data from a television screen . Agent Atsumi said it was a statistical aberration . - No . - Okay , I admit it 's not much ofan explanation ... Kevin is a conduit ofsome kind . A conduit . A link or a connection to whoever ... orwhatever took Ruby that night . But how ? Ifthere was an abduction it 's likely that Kevin was touched in some way . Mulder , I know whatyou 're thinking . I know why this is so important toyou . I know . But there is no evidence indicating an abduction . That 's whywe 're going to Lake Okobogee . According to the police photos Ruby and Kevin were sleeping right here . just a stone 's throw from the forest wall . Meaning what ? Meaning anybody could have come out ofthe forest to grab her . Haveyou noticed the tree line ? Evidence ofextreme heat . Or an electrical storm . Besides which , there 's nothing to connect it to the night of Ruby 's disappearance . That 's true . Doyou think a lightning strike could have caused this ? Doyou have any idea at what temperature sand solidifies into glass ? 2,500 degrees fahrenheit . Something was out here , Scully- - something hot enough to turn sand into glass to singe those trees and to blister the roof ofthat camper . ( Whispering : ) Mulder ... look . What is it ? It 's a grave . Shallow , by the smell ofit . Mulder , what areyou doing ? Mulder , you are disturbing a crime scene . Stop ! What ifit 's her ? I need to know . You okay , Mulder ? I 'm fine . Looks like a male caucasian . Sir . Victim 's name was Greg Randall . Ruby 's boyfriend . Ruby had a lot ofboyfriends . Beforeyou put that away , can I look at it ? Go right ahead . Look at that . That 's her- - the girl from the library . Who ? We didn 't get her name , but she claimed Greg and Ruby had run offtogether . Doc Fowler 's a buddy ofmine . Delivered both my kids . I can find out who had that appointment . Scully : Have a seat , Tessa . We know thatyou lied to us the other day . We know thatyou had the appointment with Dr. Fowler on August 7 . We know thatyou 're the one that 's pregnant , not Ruby . You don 't know nothing , doyou ? We can prove it , Tessa and we can prove that Greg was the father . So what ifhe was the father ? This is very serious . Doyou understand how serious this is ? Now , you 've waived the right to an attorney . So ifyou lie to us here today you could be charged with perjury . He promised me we 'd be in L.A. by Christmas . He had a friend there . And I 'd never seen the ocean . You said that he and Ruby were seeing each other . You said that theywere planning to meet at the lake . is that true ? I was nowhere near the lake that night , okay ? Sureyou were , Tessa . You knew theywere meeting , soyou sat there and you waited for them . You were angry and you werejealous . - l wasn 't . - You sat there and you waited . When they showed , you killed him first . Isn 't that how it went ? - No . - You snuck up from behind him and you shot him in the back . Bam ! And then you killed Ruby . Bam ! What was she doing right before she died , Tessa ? Was she pleading for her life ? Was she running away ? - l didn 't kill her ! - Where 's she buried ? - l don 't know ! - You don 't know where you buried her , Tessa ? - l didn 't kill her ! - You didn 't ? She wasn 't even there that night ! Well , how would you know that , Tessa ifyou weren 't thereyourself ? Mulder , you 're not seeing the whole picture . - Which is ? - ln all likelihood , Ruby is dead . is thatyour conclusion or the conclusion ofthe Sioux City Sheriffs Department ? They 're searching the national park and a rescue dive team is coming in from Des Moines to drag the lake . They 're wasting their time . Doyou really thinkTessa Sears is telling the truth ? Why not ? What if Ruby never did show up that night ? She lied to us in the library and about her pregnancy . What makes you think she wouldn 't lie to us about killing Ruby ? Because something was out there in those woods . We have a suspect in custody . We have a confession to one murder and we have a statement which speaks to the intent to commit another . It 's over , Mulder . It 's time to go home and turn this over to local law enforcement . I can 't do that . - Mulder , where areyou going ? - To talk to the boy . Darlene won 't even letyou in the door . Well , I 've got to see him . They don 't want to have anything to do with us . Stop running afteryour sister . This won 't bring her back . Come with me , or don 't come with me but until they find a body , I 'm not giving up on that girl . - ( Knocking ) - Hello ? Mrs. Morris ? Kevin ? ( Teapot Whistling ) Mulder ? What does it mean ? I don 't know . I 'm going to check upstairs . Oh , my God . What is it ? just come up here . Look . It 's her . It 's Ruby . This is a long shot . They could be anywhere . You know , when I was a kid I had this ritual . I 'd close my eyes before I walked into my room because I thought that , one day , when I opened them my sisterwould be there just lying in bed , like nothing ever happened . You know , I 'm still walking into that room ... every day ofmy life . Scully ! Darlene ! Look . There 's a trail head . ( WomanScreaming ) ( Panting ) - Areyou okay ? - lt 's here . - l saw it . - Where 's Kevin ? - l couldn 't keep up with him . - Go ahead . Kevin ! - Areyou okay ? - She 's back . Kevin , I 'm sorry , but ... She 's here . I know it . Kevin , I don 't think she is . I know how much you wanted it to be her . - l did too . - Scully : Mulder ! Come on . Scully ! Ruby ! She 's unconscious , but she 's still alive . I 'll get help . The nurse says she 's been awake for almost an hour . Any ideas what caused the coma ? There 's no sign ofhead trauma . No narcotic traces , or electrolyte abnormalities except herwhite blood cell count was sky-high . Was there a reduction in the lymphocyte population or release ofglucocorticoids ? Um ... Actually , both . How did you know that ? They 're symptoms ofprolonged weightlessness . Shuttle astronauts have reported similar imbalances . Hi , Ruby . Who areyou ? We 're with the F.B.l. I 'm Special Agent Dana Scully , and this is Fox Mulder . My mom said you might be coming by . How areyou feeling ? ( Sighing ) Fine , I guess . Where were you , Ruby ? Can you tell us ? Kevin : It 's okay , Ruby . He knows . I 'm not supposed to tell . They told me not to say . Who told you ? Ruby , who told you ? Darlene : Sweetheart , you don 't have to say anything . You 're right . We should wait till Ruby gets a little stronger . Could we speak outside for a moment ? I think that it 's best that we put all ofthis behind us . Hasn 't Ruby been through enough already ? I know how disoriented she must seem right now but in a couple ofweeks , maybe even a few days ... I don 't want her talking toyou or anyone . She should be encouraged to tell her story . It 's important thatyou let her . Important to who ? I have my daughter back . I don 't want any more trouble . Besides , she hardly remembers anything . She will remember one day , even ifit 's only in dreams . And when she does , she 's going to need to talk about it . Like I did ? Listen to me . All ofmy life I have been ridiculed for speaking my mind . But it was the truth , Darlene . The truth has caused me nothing but heartache . I don 't want the same thing for her . It doesn 't have to be that way for Ruby . As far as I 'm concerned she spent the last month on the back ofa Harley-Davidson . is that whatyou 're going to tell Kevin ? I 'm sorry . Werber : Butyour eyes are open ? Mulder : Yeah , they 're open . But it 's like nothing 's happening . Try turning your head . I can 't . Why not ? I don 't know . I can 't move . So I don 't . I just lie there in bed . Can you seeyour sister ? No , but I can hear her . What is she saying ? She 's calling my name over and over again . She 's crying out for help but I can 't help her . I can 't move . Areyou scared ? I know I should be , but I 'm not . Doyou know why ? Because ofthe voice . - The voice ? - The voice in my head . What 's it telling you ? Not to be afraid . It 's telling me that no harm will come to her and that , one day , she 'll return . Doyou believe the voice ? Doyou believe the voice ? I want to believe .
