 We got a fire offcounty road D-7 two miles west of the Canyon Ridge intersection . Suggest we dispatch fire crews . Over . ( static ) This is DeputyWright . Doyou copy ? Son ofa ... Sir ? Sorry to disturbyou , sir but we 've picked up an unidentified bogey . I thinkyou should see the replay foryourself . It tripped the fence at 231 7 offConnecticut 's coast . Initial trajectory , north by northwest . then it went crazy . Any other aircraft in the area ? No known aircraft can maneuver like this . Well , whatever it was dropped offthe screen at 241 8 , sir . Hit ground west of Lake Michigan outside Townsend , Wisconsin . The tracking prediction team calculated impact at over 800 miles per hour . I 've instructed Chief Koretz to start her report ... Negative . She tracked a meteor . It 's aberrant movement was due to instrument malfunction . But , sir ... Your report will refect these facts . is that clear ? Yes , sir . Good . Code lndigo-Delta-Echo-Niner . I have a confirmed fallen angel in sector 87 . Mobilize Operation Falcon immediately . Wright : Hello ? ( screaming ) Reporter : Theywill have no comment until the government investigation now underway is completed . Government officials remain vague about the toxic cargo that has caused the immediate evacuation ofTownsend , Wisconsin 's , 1 2,000 residents . Speculation here has centered on a shipment oftoxic waste . Mulder : Then what happened out there if wasn 't a train wreck ? Man : Mr. Mulder , the continental United States is surrounded by an electronic fence that reaches 1 5,000 miles into space . We use it to track and monitor the 7,087 man-made objects that orbit the earth . Last night at 231 7 that fence was breached . This morning at 01 00 Operation Falcon went into effect led by Colonel Calvin Henderson the Air Force 's reclamations expert . Reclamations ? During the Cold War , hisjob was to prevent technologies from downed U.S. aircraft from getting into Soviet hands . He 's part ofa crash retrieval unit . Mm-hmm . Quick response . I 'd sayyou have 24 hours before the entire area is sanitized . After that , it would be like nothing ever happened . Man : Alright , get the trucks rolling . Man : Keep ' emgoing ! ( chattering ) ( soldiers chattering ) ( helicopter whirring ) Thankyou , sir . Thankyou . Get ' er rolling . Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Soldier : Alright , clear the road ! You 're late , lieutenant . It will be dark in a halfhour . We had a fat , sir . There 's a briefing at 2200 hours . Go to headquarters for live rounds . Live rounds , sir ? You got a problem with that ? We were told this was a drill . They told you wrong . Sir . Okay , everyone out ! Come on , people , light a fire ! ( indistinctchattering ) Man : Uh , roger , this is Charley-Delta-SevenSquad . We 're continuing thesearch , butat this time , it 'snegative . ( men yelling ) ( whooshing noises ) ( shutter clicking ) ( shutter clicking rapidly ) Youjust made the worst mistake ofyour life , Agent Mulder . I thinkyou knocked out a filling . You 'll pay the price for putting my men at risk . Since when does taking pictures put lives at risk ? You violated a U.S. Government quarantine and that 's a federal crime . A quarantine ? That 's whatyou call this ? We 're trying to contain an ecological disaster . That 's a lot offirepower to protect Mother Nature . I have my orders and the license to execute them as I see fit . I suggest you forget whatyou saw orwhatyou thinkyou saw foryour own well-being . You 've got a downed craft in those woods , sir and troops carrying live rounds . We both know what 's out there ! Areyou MUFON or KUFOS ? Doyou mind ifl sit down ? Let me guess . You 're wh that new group , CSlCOP , right ? Say no more . You 're a cautious man . Trust no one- - verywise . Afterwhat happened toJ.F.K. , I understand completely . Let me introduce myself . My name is Max Fenig . I 'm with the National Investigative Committee ofAerial Phenomenon- - NlCAP . Pleased ... pleased to makeyour acquaintance . I wish we could shake on it , you know . Firm grip , look right in the eye- - you learn a lot about a guy that way . Can I , um .. ? Can I askyou a question ? Go ahead . Did you see anything ? Did you get close ? Me , I saw nothing . I didn 't see anything ! Nada , zip . A hundred yards past the roadblock they nailed me . I have no idea how they did it . I 'm telling you it 's like the Roswell cover-up all over again . What makes you so sure there 's something out there ? Same thing that makes you so sure ? I didn 't order room service . This isn 't funny , Mulder . Did you meet Max ? Who ? Max from NlCAP . Oh . They must have released him . Another intrepid soul in search ofa close encounter . is that what this is about ? What else ? Try explaining that to Section Chief McGrath . He 's ordering a full inquiry with a recommendation ... Mulder , he wants to shut down the X-Files and he wants you out ofthe Bureau . What else is new ? I don 't understand you , Mulder- - whyyou 're always defying protocol ignoringjurisdiction . Because I know what I saw , Scully . There weren 't train tracks anywhere near that site . So how could it have been a derailed container ? Because it wasn 't . Whatyou saw was not a toxic spill . But it wasn 't a U.F.O. , either . Okay , I 'm all ears . what was it ? It was a downed Libyanjet with a nuclearwarhead . ( chuckling ) Over U.S. airspace ? They 've been picking up radiation indicating that the plutonium casing may have cracked . So to avoid mass panic ... You really believe that story ? That story happens to be highly classified . A highly classified lie . ( helicopterwhirring ) They 're searching for someone , Scully . Probably the pilot . You think they 'd roll out all this material for one Libyan fighterjock ? Besides , no human pilot walked away from that wreckage . Well , maybe he ejected . Maybe . Scully : You can 't be serious . As long as we 're here in Townsend , why not ? The hearing is tomorrow morning . That gives us 24 hours to investigate . My assignment is to bring you back- - not to helpyou dig yourselfin deeper . The LastDetail starring Dana Scully . ( phone offthe hook ) What 's going on ? Looks like housekeeping hasn 't been hereyet . Who would .. ? ( banging ) Shh . ( banging ) Max ? Getyour hands up ! Whoa , don 't shoot ! Don 't shoot ! Max ? Ahem . My apologies . Forgive me . I 'm a curious man . I had to know . Know what ? lfit was reallyyou . You don 't know me . Wejust met last night . We at NlCAP have been following your career closely sinceyour involvement with X-Files . Following my career ? How ? The Freedom oflnformation Act . Your travel expenses are a matter ofpublic record . So this must be the enigmatic Agent Scully . How did you recognize me ? I sawyour picture in a trade publication once and I read your article in Omni about the Gulf Breeze Sightings . I published that under a pseudonym . M.F. Luder. I know . It 's an anagram for F. Mulder . You really didn 't think that would fool us , did you ? I didn 't think anybody was paying attention . Somebody is always paying attention , Mr. Mulder . Amazing . Amazing ? Hardly . You want to see something amazing come with me . Enigmatic Dr. Scully . This is my , uh ... Right this way . Excuse the mess . Okay . Where 's those , uh ... Let me turn this off . Theywere right here . Oh , here they are . The latest crop circle photos from Project Argus . Huh ? Your opinion- - fact or fraud ? Mulder : Fraud . Max : Explain the anomalous blisters on the plants . Mulder : Some unreported weathering effect common to wheat or a systematic reaction by the plant tissue to being lodged in one position . Max : You 've read the literature . Mulder : I try to keep up . You said you had something to show us . Oh , yeah . The Wolfs Ear 2000 . Ever hear ofthis ? Yeah . Wolfindustries supplies the C.l.A. with all ofits surveillance equipment . State-of-the-art search and intercept- - up to 1 00 channels per second . I 'm jacked into local fire and police departments cellular phone pathways and when the weather 's right air traffic control from Whitmarsh air force base . What haveyou got , Max ? Mobile unit broadcast in scan mode Townsend Sheriffs Department two nights ago . We got a fire offcounty road D-7 two miles west ofthe Canyon Ridge intersection . Suggest we dispatch fire crews . Over . This is DeputyWright . Doyou copy ? And then this , 35 minutes later presumably from the fire crew . Reception got wiggy for some reason . This is Unit 53 . Man down . Request medevac . I said request medevac . You 're breaking up . Barely ... bad ... Very bad . Wait a second . What the hell ? Charlie , we got a situation here . We put up a tight net . Yes , sir , every inch ofground is being covered dug up , squeezed , and sifted . No , sir . It will not get away . Not this time . Mrs. Wright ? Hi. I 'm Fox Mulder . This is Dana Scully . We 're from the F.B.l. We 'd like to askyou aboutyour husband . He 's dead . What else is there to know ? I 'm sorry aboutyour husband . Oh , please . Mrs. Wright , we want to helpyou . Then leave me alone . Let us helpyou . I don 't know anything . Don 'tyou understand ? Theywon 't even release the body so I can give him a proper burial , okay ? The government can 't do that . I 'm sure ifwe appealed ... No ! You can 't . You 're entitled to the truth . I can 't afford the truth . They said ifl spoke to anyone theywould withhold my husband 's pension and I have a child to take care of . ( static screeching ) Picking up extremely high frequency signal- - 200,000 megahertz . Sir , target on the northeast side . foot speed- - seven miles per hour , sir . Beta team ... Copy . Target entering your section from the southwest . Search and destroy . Repeat- - search and destroy . Yes , sir . jackson ? Nothing . Must have been an animal . I 'm sorry , but unless you have a subpoena I can 't discuss patient information . Does that meanJason Wright was your patient ? It means I have nothing more to say . What about to his wife and child , Doctor ? Would you have anything to say to them ? Because whoever got toyou also got to her . They must have made some pretty big threats . What did they hold overyour head- - your medical license , the l.R.S. ? I hate fascists . Excuse me ? The men who came in here- - The way they pushed us all around . Dr. Oppenheim , tell us about the deputy . You saw him that night didn 'tyou ? Yes . And three others from a fire crew . Theywere all D.O.A. with fifth - and sixth-degree burns over 90 % oftheir bodies . But theyweren 't like any burns I 've ever seen . They took the bodies away before we could perform any pathology . Did you note any cadaveric heat rigor or stiffening ? Quite a bit offexion in the limbs . How doyou know so much about it ? I did my residency in forensic medicine . In your opinion could those burns have been caused by ionizing radiation ? Well , I hadn 't thought . I suppose it 's possible ifthe exposure was sufficiently intense . Let 's say those men died from radiation exposure . Couldn 't it have been from the cracked core ofa nuclearwarhead ? I 've read about these kinds ofburns . So have l- - in Hiroshima at ground zero . I 'm talking about close encounter mortalities . I have a stack ofX-Files reporting the same results . I don 't claim to know all the answers but ifwe don 't make the O.P.R. inquest by tomorrow morning there may not be any more X-Files . ( moaning ) ( moaning ) Start an l.V. here , stat . Mulder : Tell us what happened . Whatever happened has nothing to do with you . Wrong , Colonel . We want the same thing , onlyyou want it dead . Can 'tyou see that chasing it down leaves it no choice but to defend itself ? How many more have to die before you rethinkyour approach ? Listen to me 'cause I 'm not wasting another breath on this . Ifyou and your partner aren 't out ofhere in 30 seconds ... Agent Scully stays here . We 're undermanned , she 's a doctor- - she stays . Ifthat 's okay . Ofcourse . Ifyou don 't mind youjust take care ofmy men and let me do mywork . Outside this emergency room you can do whateveryou want but in here I call the shots- - assuming , ofcourse you want me to take care ofyour men . Get this man out ofmy sight . Where do I scrub up ? Max . Hey , Max . Max . Hey ... Max . Who are ... who areyou ? Max , it 's me , Fox Mulder . You okay ? What areyou doing here ? You were having some kind ofseizure . Seizure ? That 's impossible . You were lying on the foor unconscious , convulsing . That 's odd . I haven 't had an episode in seven years- - not since I went on medication . Let 's getyou to the hospital . No . I mean , I mean it 's not necessary . You sure ? Yeah. I lived with epilepsy all my life . I 'm not in any danger . Yeah , it started in South Dakota when I was ten . The doctor said I must have incurred a head injury . I don 't remember ever hitting my head . You have no memory ofyour seizures ? As a kid I used to wake up in strange places with no idea where l was or how I got there . ( sighs ) Sorry. I ... I got to , I got to go to sleep . All right . ( sighing ) Rough night , huh ? It was terrible . We lost all but two and they 're still in critical condition on theirway to the burn unit atJohns Hopkins . So what doyou think , Scully ? What 's going on out there ? I don 't know , and under other circumstances I would like to find out but we have a plane to catch injust over an hour . I wantyou to take a look at something first . What ? Max . There 's an unusual incision behind his left ear . I 've seen this incision twice before . Two women- - a thousand miles apart no way ofknowing each other , no relation . both claim to have been abducted by aliens . areyou saying Max Fenig is an abductee ? Mulder the man is taking powerful antipsychotic drugs . I saw them in his R.V. They 're for his epilepsy . Dilantin is an anti-convulsant but Mellaril is used exclusively to treat schizophrenia . More than likely , Max is delusional . You don 't seem to understand , Scully . Max doesn 't believe he was abducted by aliens . I believe he was . Now , could you at least take a look at the scar and give meyour medical opinion ? Okay . You pack . I 'll take a look at Max on the way to the airport . Sir , I have fash traffic at 24-1 8 . Repeated calls for l.D. go unanswered and it 's not in the orbital or sub-orbital inventory . 24-1 8- - isn 't that where .. ? Same exact spot , sir though I am reading a much larger craft . Meteor , Ms. Koretz . A much larger meteor , sir . Hold on a second . We have a confirm . Whitmarsh Air Force Base is tracking . Where is it ? Well , sir , the meteor seems to be hovering over a small town in eastern Wisconsin . Come on , Mulder , let 's get this overwith . Hey , Max . Max . Max ? Hey , Max . Max ? Mulder , look at this . Mulder : What is that ? Blood ? Man : Falcon Patrol reporting unidentifiedtrespass . Repeat . Falcon Patrolreporting unidentifiedtrespass at the waterfront Mulder ! Come on . Where doyou think you 're going ? Ifwe go to the airport now , we might make the plane which would giveyou haifa chance ofdefending yourself . Think about it . Max is a gypsy , nomad , right ? Yes . So what ? He intercepted Wright 's last call to his dispatcher which means he was here in Townsend , Wisconsin the night ofthe crash . Ofall the places he could have been , he was here . If Max was abducted that would go a long way to explaining his obsessions . Ifwe figure that out , you can be sure Henderson has . Doyou have the keys ? ( panting ) Don 't do this . Sir , we 've apprehended the target , a civilian . Negative , Falcon patrol . Take him with extreme caution . They 're dead . ( Max groaning ) Max : It hurts . Stop . Why ? Why ? Why ? It hurts . Max ? It hurts . Stop. lt hurts . It hurts. lt hurts . It 's all right . Stop it ! ... lt hurts . No , no , it 's me they ... They 're coming for me . No , I know that ... that 's why they 're here . They 're coming for me . ( helicopterwhirring ) lt hurts . ( moaning ) Alpha team , secure the roof . Hold it right there ! Putyour hands up and come with us ! Alpha team , ready on the roof . Roger , Alpha . Delta team , report . Delta team in position , sir . What areyou doing ? You have a very sick man in there . We 're not in the hospital now , Dr. Scully . Omega team , report . He 's a delusional schizophrenic . Keep her clear . Sir , this is Alpha team leader . I 'm picking up three forms inside the structure . Henderson : Did you say three forms ? That 's affirmative . Two are proximate the third approaching from 40 meters . All teams prepare for go in 30 seconds . Come on . Come on , Max . Why ... stop . Why ... I 'm here to helpyou . I 'm scared . I know . Don 't let them take me . Mulder : I won 't let them takeyou . Come on , Max . Come with me . No ! Max ! Max ! Max ! Max ! Sir , this is Alpha team leader . Except for our men I 'm only picking up one figure inside . I do not copy that . We indicate only one figure inside the building . What ? Soldier : Blow the door ! Take him ! ( soldiers chattering ) That 's your unit , sir . Where is he ? He 's gone . They got to him first . They beat us , Colonel . Arrest him . And keep looking . Agent Scully to the best ofyour knowledge , was Agent Mulder ever assigned to investigate matters related to the evacuation ofTownsend , Wisconsin ? No , sir . At any time wereyou aware ofhis submitting a Form 302 requesting said assignment or travel expenses ? No , sir . While in Wisconsin did Agent Mulder drive a blue Ford Taurus registered to the State Car rental agency ? Yes , sir . Thankyou , Agent Scully . Sir , request permission to make a statement . Request denied . Sir , it 's unfair tojudge Mulder by the same criteria ... You 're dismissed . But , sir ... That will be all . You hear that noise , Scully ? Hammer and nails . They 're building a gallows in the town square . Don 't worry . It was only a matter oftime . I 'm surprised I lasted this long . Good luck . I 'll break a leg . McGrath : ... as well as insubordination and misconduct . How doyou respond to these allegations , Agent Mulder ? Over a dozen men lost their lives and you want me to respond to issues ofprotocol ? You failed to obtain proper authorization foryour actions . I knew it wouldn 't be forthcoming . You also violated a Federal quarant ... A cover-up was underway ... Exposing yourself and possibly others to toxic contamination ! Oh , toxic contamination . Are we back in that ? You read my report . Explain Max Fenig 's disappearance . Your report is not the subject ofthis inquiry . X rays taken while Mr. Fenig was institutionalized showed an object lodged in his cerebellum . That is irrelevant , Agent Mulder . The man was abducted . Everybody in this room knows it . Colonel Henderson 's written testimony states that Fenig 's body was found two hours later in a cargo container . Then what can I say ? How can I disprove lies that are stamped with an official seal ? That will be all , Mr. Mulder . ( sighing ) You can deny all the things I 've seen all the things I 've discovered , but not for much longer 'cause too many know what 's happening out there and no one , no government agency hasjurisdiction over the truth . Why did you countermand our decision ? Mulder 's conduct was in clearviolation not only of Bureau procedures , but of Federal Law . Yes . I don 't understand . The committee 's case was airtight . You 've ruined the last best chance we had to get rid ofhim . I appreciate your frustration butyou and I both know that Mulder 's work- - his , uh ... singular passion- - poses a most unique dilemma but his occasional insubordination is in the end far less dangerous . With respect , sir- - less dangerous than what ? Than having him exposed to the wrong people- - what he knows ... what he thinks he knows . ( sighing ) Always keepyour friends close , Mr. McGrath but keepyour enemies closer .
