 What ho . What ho . Hey , Lazard , why do the night guys get a piece likeyou and we 're stuckwith eel breath ? It 's fate , Detective ... conspiring to keep us apart . All right , I 'm out ofhere . Seeya . You all right ? You lost ? I got her in the holding room , but she won 't say a word . You 're asking me becauseyou know how good I am with kids . Yeah , a regular Mr. Greenjeans . Hi . This is Detective Barbala . He 's going to helpyou find your parents . Hiya , sweetheart . What 's your name ? Michelle . Everything 's going to be all right , okay ? Don 't be scared now . Michelle what ? You said your first name is Michelle . Now , what 's your last name ? Bishop . Bishop . Michelle Bishop . And where doyou live , Michelle ? Here in Buffalo ? What was that ? Did you hear that ? ( Clamoring ) Man : Somebody call an ambulance ! Mulder : How did you hear about us ? My brother . My brother 's a cop in Baltimore . He told me aboutyourwork on the Tooms case . He said you got a good feel for things out ofthe ordinary . Look , the truth is , Barbala neverwon any popularity contests here at the 1 - 4 but he 's still a cop , you know . I guess that 's why I can 'tjust let this rest . You said there was one witness- - a little girl . What did she say happened ? She said there was another man in the room . - It stands to reason that- - - I was right outside . There was nobody else there except Barbala and the kid . Soyou didn 't get a description ofwho the kid saw . I 'm telling you , there was no one else . Listen , the department 's treating this as a suicide but I got to tell you , I knew this guy . There 's no way he did himself . Was he depressed or under psychiatric care ofany kind ? No . The only time he ever looked at himself was in the mirror and he always liked what he saw . Plusjumpers tend to open the window before theyjump . Where 's the kid ? She was released an hour ago . Her mother picked her up . You don 't really think the girl had anything to do with it . Eightyears on the force I 've seen a lot ofstrange things but I 'm telling you , this kid ... something 'sjust not right about her . Mulder : Long hair or short hair ? Short . Like that ? Was his hair dark like mine or lighter likeyours ? Like mine . What about a beard or a moustache ? Moustache . ( Whispers ) Man : Like this ? Or this ? Whoa , what happened ? Weird . I didn 't even hit a key . Must be a glitch in the new software . Mulder : Michelle , was his moustache like that ? Scully : Doyou have any idea howyour daughter might have gotten there ? Buffalo 's halfan hour away by train and the station is a five-minute car ride . When I came home Mrs. Doughertywas locked in the wine cellar . I called the police immediately . And Mrs. Dougherty is .. ? Michelle 's nanny . Her latest , that is . She 's gone through four this year , and it 's onlyApril . What seems to be the problem ? Michelle is the problem . How doyou mean ? As hard as it is for a mother to admit Michelle is a disturbed child . Oh , I know this sounds terrible to say but the truth is that sometimes she frightens me . Frightens you how ? She 's not like other girls , Agent Scully . Tell me . Shejust isn 't . She doesn 't have any friends . She hardly ever smiles . It breaks my heart , but I can 't comfort her . She says she sees things that I can 't see . She hears peopleyelling in her head . Last summer we had to cover our pool . jim was trying to teach her how to swim but every time that Michelle would get close to the water she wouldjust start to scream . Scream likeyou 've never heard in all your life . Your husband , where is he now ? We 're divorced . - Mrs. Bishop ? - Mm-hmm . This is the man Michelle said she saw at the police station . Doyou recognize him ? No , I 'm sorry . She also mentioned a friend . Someone named Sheila . - Doyou know who that is ? - That would be Dr. Braun . She 's the developmental psychologist at Brylin Hospital . Michelle sees her twice a week . Look at that . Looks like a hawk or a falcon . It 's beautiful . - It 's called origami . - Japanese paper folding . Where did she learn how to do that ? I have no idea . So , Harry , you 'll put that face into the system ? - As we speak . - Can you give Scully a ride back to the city ? We have a autopsy at 7 : 00 . I 'm going to Brylin Hospital . See ifl can have a little chat with Michelle 's shrink . Oh , and check for burns or lesions on Barbala 's body . Why ? Psychokinesis is usually associated with an electrical charge . Areyou saying Michelle possesses the ability to psychically project her own will ? How else could a 60-pound kid throw a 200-pound detective out the window ? Woman : No , I don 't recognize him . I have no idea who he is . Could Michelle have fabricated him ? Quite possibly . As with many dissociative disorders the intensity ofthe patient 's emotions is often too much for one personality to process . So , in defense part ofthe personality splits itselfoff . As in schizophrenia ? I 'm afraid Michelle 's diagnosis is not quite that simple . My primary challenge has been to discover the source of her extreme rage . In most cases it 's a traumatic event in the patient 's past . And in Michelle 's case ? Occasionally , I would leave Michelle alone for part ofour sessions ... with this doll . Each time a new doll anatomically intact . And each time she dismembers and disfigures it in exactly the same way . At first I thought she was being abused but after a number ofsessions with her parents I became convinced there was something else behind Michelle 's anxiety . Something much deeper . Much more elusive . Any theories ? Frankly , no . I 'm at a loss . Haveyou tried deep-regression hypnosis ? I 've found hypnosis an unreliable approach , at best . Okay . How haveyou been treating Michelle ? Well , the Thorazine has been quite effective in regulating her more bizarre behavior . I 'm sure . Haveyou observed any unexplained phenomena in Michelle 's presence ? " Unexplained phenomena " ? Inordinate physical strength , psychic ability , telekinesis . You 'rejoking , ofcourse . I have a patient waiting , Agent Mulder . Ifyou 'll excuse me . Note : Postmortem examination is being conducted 1 1 hours and 45 minutes after subject was pronounced . Note : Raised lesion approximately seven centimeters below sternum . Deep necrosis inconsistent with cause ofdeath as pronounced by Dr. Gilder and suggests localized electrocution ... but a further tissue analysis will be necessary . Excuse me . Could I talk toyou for a second ? I just started the autopsy . Yeah . Um ... I don 't think he 's going anywhere . Will you , uh ... take a couple for scale , please ? Thankyou . I 'll be right back . So , what doyou think ? Scully : Looks like a match . Yeah . Name 's Officer Charlie Morris . Used to work Narcotics out ofthe 2-7 . Doyou know him ? No . Before my time . Where is he now ? Has he been transferred ? You could say that . Agent Scully , this guy 's been dead for nineyears . Which means that little girl saw a ghost . This way , please . He was killed in Chinatown , gangland style allegedly by the Triads although no arrests were ever made . Ifyou 're going to tell me you think Michelle Bishop saw a poltergeist ... You found a lesion on Barbala 's body . You said it could have been caused by an intense concentration ofelectrothermal energy . " Could have been " being the operative phrase . I won 't know for sure until the lab results are in . Why is it still so hard foryou to believe when all evidence suggests extraordinary phenomena ? Because sometimes ... What ? looking for extreme possibilities makes you blind to the probable explanation right in front ofyou . This is the face that Michelle Bishop saw . She walked right by here and she saw the face ofCharlie Morris which means there weren 't any ghosts fying around the precinct . Doyou have the police report describing Morris ' death ? Yeah . I have what 's been declassified . Why ? Does it describe how he was murdered ? Yes , I told you . It was a signature hit . Give me the grisly details . His arm was severed just below the shoulder presumably by a chain saw and his right eye was gouged out . This is what Michelle did to a dozen dolls in her shrink 's office . Hell ofa coincidence , wouldn 'tyou say ? Before we discount anything , we should find out more about Charlie Morris . I got the address ofhis partner on the force . Hopefully , he can tell us something . Detective Fiore ? We 're with the F.B.I. Can we talk toyou for a minute ? Doyou know this man ? You mind ifwe do this out here ? I don 't want to wake mywife . This won 't take long . Sure I know him . That 's Charlie . Charlie Morris . You two were partners ? We rode together his first nine months out ofthe academy . What can you tell us about the circumstances surrounding his death ? That matter is still under investigation and so I can 't comment on it . We 're under the direct authority ofCaptain Gershom at the 1 4th Precinct . 1 4th Precinct ? I neverworked out ofthe 1 - 4 . What 's all this about ? We believe that the death of Detective Barbala can be linked to the death ofOfficer Morris . Linked how ? I thought Barbala fipped his wig andjumped out a window . Did you know him ? By reputation . What 's all this got to do with Charlie ? That 's what we need your help with . The police report said Morris was killed offduty . Right . Best we can figure , it was some kind ofpayback . Forwhat ? The organized crime division was doing a major sweep in Chinatown . The Triads ? Heavy busts went down against the Woo Shing Woo . A lot ofsmack never made it to the street . You can bet there were some pissed-offpeople playing Mah-jongg that week . Soyou think Morris was killed as a warning to back off ? I think they picked a cop- - any cop- - and theywhacked him . Who is it , Tony ? It 's nothing to worry about , honey . just some people from the F.B.I. asking about a case I 'm working . Sir , would you mind .. ? Hey , it 's the weekend . You guys mind ? Get me at the squad - first thing Monday morning , okay ? - Sure . Good luck . Is it me , or did we just get the brushoff ? - Did you notice her hands ? - What ? He said she was sleeping but her hands were dusted with baking four . It 's not a big deal , all right . Don 'tjerk yourselfaround . You 're acting like a little bug . Theywere F.B.I. So what ? They start sniffing around too much they 're going to turn something up . Relax . They 'rejust people like us going through the motions . Then how are they connecting Charlie to Barbala ? And what do they know ? Huh ? Nothing . Come on . We 're going to Citibank right now . Forwhat ? The safety box . What should we do , Tony ? Huh ? Make a donation to the Little Sisters for the Poor ? Dump it somewhere . Tony , there 's only two ofus left now . That 's over a million each . Take it all . I don 't care ! Doyour dream on the beach in Costa Rica , orwherever the hell it is you want to do it . You think I like this ? Huh ? Selling disability insurance to morons ? " Well , sir , uh ... excuse me , but what ifyou should breakyour neck on the shore , or loseyour leg in a car crash ? " You listen to me , Tony . We agreed to wait ten years and that is exactly what we 're going to do . I listened toyou once before , and lookwhat happened . Nobody- - not me , not Barbala- - wanted to see Charlie wind up like that . We werejust trying to scare a little sense into him . It was an accident . End ofstory . And you better pull yourself together , Tony . Excuse me , sir ... Hey , what .. ? Hey ! Hey , open the door ! Hey ! Hey ! Open the door ! Hey ! Open the door ! Hey ! Open the door ! Open the door ! Open the door ! Hey ! Open the door ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Open the door ! Hey ! For God 's sake ! Help me ! ( Screaming ) A patrol unit picked her up a few blocks away from the bus stop . What 's going on ? We don 't know . All we know is thatyour daughter has witnessed two deaths in the past two days . She 's only eightyears old . She couldn 't possibly have done anything . Mrs. Bishop , no one is accusing Michelle ofanything . She 'sjust a little girl . Is there anything thatyou have not told us ? Is there anything at all thatyou can think of that might shed some light on what happened tonight ? No . ( Sighs ) Well , this police station has a designated room at the Sheraton . An officerwill takeyou and Michelle over there . Why is this happening to us ? Why ? Can I talk toyou for a minute ? I 'm sorry . Excuse me . Listen to this . You know that guy that bought it tonight- - Leon Felder ? Before he started peddling life insurance he was a cop out ofthe 1 - 4 . Guess who his partner used to be ? Rudy Barbala . Scully : Four cops . Three ofwhom are now dead . Their only connection being a drug bust in Chinatown almost nineyears ago . And a little girl from Orchard Park . Morris , Fiore , Barbala , and Felder . What 's wrong with this picture ? Well , for one thing Fiore said he only knew Barbala by reputation . Right . So whywould he say that ? I don 't know . Hmm ... What ? There 's a page gone from Morris ' homicide file . Wonderwhere it could be . Is there a log sheet ? Should be . Yeah . " Tony Fiore ... " Checked out this afternoon . Mrs. Fiore , we 're sorry for the early hour but is your husband home ? No , he 's not . He never came home last night . Maywe come in ? Hey , Scully . Look familiar ? Mrs. Fiore : He said he was working a double shift . But when I called the precinct he wasn 't scheduled . It 'sjust not like him not to call . Does your husband have any family or close friends in the area that he might go to ifhe were in trouble ? I 've been on the phone all night . Is he in any trouble ? Mrs. Fiore , did your husband ever mention a detective by the name of Rudy Barbala or an ex-police officer named Leon Felder ? I don 't think so . Someoneyou might have had dinnerwith once ... a friend ofTony 's from work a nameyou can 't remember- - anything ? We don 't normally socialize with other cops . Mrs. Fiore , I couldn 't help noticing your origami collection . Did you do theseyourself ? Oh , no , not me . No , that was Charlie 's hobby . Charlie ? My first husband . He was born inJapan . His father was stationed there . Not Charlie Morris , Tony 's ex-partner ? Yeah . I was waiting for him to come home too nineyears ago , just like this . He was working on a whole set , you know , from the painting . The only animal he never got to was the giraffe . See , right there behind the zebra ? Michelle is eightyears old . That means she was conceived at roughly the same time that Officer Morris was killed . Do me a favor , Mulder . Let me say it- - reincarnation . Metempsychosis , transmigration reembodiment- - call it whatyou will . All based on the coincidence that Michelle Bishop and Officer Morris both practice the obscure art ofpaper folding ? What about the composite drawing and the dolls , and the fact that Michelle was witness to two deaths that can be tied to Charlie Morris ? So what , you think he 's back , like Peter Proud to avenge his murder ? It 's not so farfetched , Scully . Reincarnation is a basic tenet ofmany major religions . That still doesn 't explain how an eight-year-old girl can kill two grown men . Well , individuals with strong past-life memories often exhibit enhanced psychic abilities- - E.S.P. , telekinesis ... So where does that leave us ? One short step away from proving the preexistence ofthe human soul . Doctor : On the count offive tell me where you are now . One , two , three , four , five . Doyou know whereyou are ? - Yes . - Where ? Tell me whereyou are . At home . What time ofday is it ? Nighttime . And how old areyou ? Twenty-four . No ! We can 't ! We can 't do this ! It 's wrong ! What 's wrong ? What can 'tyou do ? It 's all right . You can trust me . No ! I can 't . I can 't . You can trust me . I can 't ! I can 't ! This is dangerous and irresponsible . Dr. Spitz has conducted hundreds ofthese sessions ... Ifthis continues , you could push Michelle deeper into withdrawal . Is it any more dangerous than pumping her full ofThorazine ? They 're killing me ! They 're killing me ! That 's enough . Mulder : Please , Mrs. Bishop . No ! No ! No ! It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's over . It 's over . It 's over . Theyjust left . We almost had it , Scully . We were right there . I know . We 'll have to try it again . Mrs. Bishop won 't go for that . Not in this lifetime anyway . Well , we have to change her mind . How ? And to what end ? I mean , what exactly doyou hope to discover by all this ? The truth . What really happened to Charlie Morris . We 'll find the truth when we find Fiore . Ifwe find Fiore , and ifhe 's still alive . Scully , you saw what happened in there . What I saw was some traumatized little girl who , for no apparent reason has some connection to Charlie Morris . All evidence suggests that Michelle Bishop is Charlie Morris . Short ofher growing a moustache how much more apparent does it have to become foryou to accept it ? Okay . Let 'sjust say that , by some small miracle you manage to convince Michelle 's mother and the next hypno-regression provides you with everything you could possibly hope for . No grandjury is going to listen to that kind oftestimony . We still will not have an actionable case . The inconclusive results of Michelle 's past-life regression do not shake my basic beliefin hypnosis as a tool for psychological healing . Whether or not it offers us definitive proof ofprevious lifetimes is another matter . However , in this particular case all other explanations seem to be even more wanting . Dr. Spitz : How old areyou ? Twenty-four . No ! We can 't ! We can 't do this ! It 's wrong ! What 's wrong ? What can 'tyou do ? ( Rewinding Tape ) And how old areyou ? Twenty-four . No ! We can 't ... ( Rewinding ) Twenty-four . No , no , I ... I-l want to be here in case he shows up . Yeah , thanks again . I 'll , uh ... I 'll call you the minute I hear anything . Okay , yeah . Okay . Bye-bye . ( KnockAt Door ) Tony ! Tony ? Tony ? I checked the windup profiles . They 're up to speed . Which means ? Whatever this image is , it was recorded in that room with the girl . How is that possible ? There was a documented case in the early ' 70s ofa man from Porlock , Ohio who could infuence undeveloped film . He could create shapes on the negative from his mind . I don 't know how much ofthis noise I can clean up . It depends on the strength ofthe latent image . ( Door Opens ) I tracked him down . He 's retired in Palm Beach . You were right , Agent Scully . He backed up all his records on disk . Pathologists are paranoid by nature . Well , he faxed me the missing page from the autopsy report . Great . Well , apparently Charlie Morris did not die as a result ofhis wounds . It says here there 's a frothing offuid in the respiratory tract . That indicates death by drowning . He was drowned and then mutilated to make it look like a signature execution ? Dr. Yamaguchi said that there were no signs ofsubmersion such as goose skin orwrinkled fesh except for around the face and head . That 's right . Suggesting that he was killed in either a bathtub or a toilet . - Except- - - Except forwhat ? The marked bradycardia . It indicates a raised plasma sodium level . He was killed in sea water . Anita ! Anita ! Tony ! Tony , what 's going on ? Where haveyou been ? Listen , I know something 's going on . I need you to listen to me right now . Go upstairs and pack a bag . Why ? What kind oftrouble areyou in ? I think someone 's trying to kill me . - Who ? - I don 't know . Whywould anybody want to kill you ? Tell me what 's going on . Will you pleasejust do what I 'm asking you ? ! Please . I 'm your husband , and I loveyou and I need you to trust me on this , okay ? Almost there . What I 've done is to map the frequencies ofthe interference . Coefficients for sine on this monitor cosine on that one . Now , using an algorithm program I can remove the frequencies ... like this . Presto . What the hell ? Mulder , what is it ? You said salt water , right ? Right . So ? Charlie Morris was drowned in his own tropical fish tank , and that 's the last thing he saw before he died . We better hope Michelle Bishop is at home tucked in bed . Tony ... Somebody left this on our doorstep tonight . Doyou know who ? Answer me , Tony ! You stay here and keep the door closed . Anita : Tony , areyou all right ? Tony , answer me . ( Crashing Noise ) Tony . Tony , please . Who 's there ? What 's happening ? ( Crashing Continues ) Mulder ! They said theywerejust going to talk toyou . Talk some sense intoyou . What was I supposed to do , huh ? All you had to do was take the money , man ! Why didn 'tyou just take the money ? ! ( Screaming ) What 's going on , Tony ? Go check upstairs . Michelle ! This won 't make right what happened . I can 't get out . Who 's there ? I can 't get out . Tony ? ! Tony ! Tony ... I 'm sorry . I knew what they did to Charlie . I was a part ofit , and I never said anything . I couldn 't . Oh , no . I just wanted to take care ofyou . Who else would have taken care ofyou ? Please ... Please don 't hurt him anymore . Mulder : Closing entry , file # X-40271 . Detective Anthony Fiore pleaded guiltyyesterday in federal court to charges offirst-degree murder after the fact grand larceny , and obstruction ofjustice . The deaths of Detective Rudy Barbala and former police officer Leon Felder are being ruled as accidental although their complicity in the murder ofOfficer Charlie Morris has been definitively established . No charges were brought against Michelle Bishop who , today , took her first swimming lesson . She claims no memory ofthe preceding events and both her mother and Dr. Braun have denied my request for a second past-life regression . End offieldjournal , April 1 9 , 1 994 . Agents ofrecord : Fox Mulder and Dana Scully . Status : unexplained .
