 Areyou going to leave this up all year ? Yup . All year . Sinceyou always made us take the Christmas tree down the day after Christmas , I 'm making up for lost time . Ifyour idea ofa good time is picking up dried pine needles , treatyourself . As ifhe 's an authority on having a good time . That 's okay , Mom . I got that . Oh . Okay . Okay , Maggie , let 's shove off . Oh . Okay . Thankyou for having us . Dinnerwas delicious as usual . Thanks , Mom . Good sailing , Ahab . Good night , Starbuck . How is work ? Good ? Yup . It 's good . Well ... - Well , drive carefully . - Uh-huh . Good night , Daddy . ( Applause ) Here on lncredible inventions though you 're not going to spend $ 1 1 0.00 for it . You all know that . You 're not even going to spend $ 1 00.00 . There 's an approximate one-month supply here and all you 'll spend for this entire package isjust $ 39.92 . ( Applause And Cheering ) ( No Audio From Scully 's Father ) Dad ? I thoughtyou guys left . Where 's Mom ? ( No Audio ) ( Phone Ringing ) ( Phone Ringing ) Hello . ( Muffed Crying ) Hello . Maggie : Dana ... Mom ? What 's the matter ? We , um- - We lostyour dad . He had a ... a massive coronary about an hour ago . He 's gone . ( Kissing , Man Chuckling ) Woman : I swear , Christmas day ... mywhole family 's opening presents and all and I 'm just sitting there in my own little world thinking " I just wishJim were here . " Man : I know . ( Knock On Window ) Oh , man ... busted . - Yes , sir ? - Out ofthe vehicle , please . Sir , I 'm sorry . We 'll be on ourway . I said , out ofthe vehicle . Keepyour hands down . Let 's see some l.D. No . Not until I seeyours . ( Screams ) Last time you were that engrossed it turned outyou were reading the Adult Video News . I didn 't think you 'd be in today . How areyou , Dana ? " Dana . " I 'm fine . Thankyou . What areyou working on ? Two days ago a couple was kidnapped atJackson University . Elizabeth Hawley andjames Summers- - both 1 9 . Lastyear , another couple was kidnapped to the day . Except that abduction occurred at Duke University . One week later , they found both students ' bodies dead . Theywere kept alive , tortured during that period . No arrests were made . Police believed it to be a one-time offender . Now it appears to be a serial incident . Ifhe holds true to form we have five days to find those kids . That 's a grim deadline . Here 's another grim deadline . In one week , Luther Lee Boggs will take a seat in the North Carolina gas chamber . How is he related ? He claims to have information . He described Hawley 's bracelet down to the last detail . This is information only family members could have known . Or the kidnapper . Boggs feels that ifhis talents help save these kids then his sentence should be reduced to life in prison . His " talents " ? He claims to have obtained this information through psychic transmissions . Mulder , do I detect a hint ofskepticism ? Perhaps . Boggs has been there before ... in the chamber . My profile helped send him there . He was actually strapped to the chair before receiving an executive stay . He claims that this experience activated in him the ability to channel spirits and demons . I believe in psychic ability without a doubt . But not in this case . Not Boggs . Soyou believe Boggs is orchestrating the kidnapping from the inside . A scam to save his life ? At the age ofsix , Luther Boggs slaughtered every pet animal in his housing project . When he was 30 he strangled five family members overThanksgiving dinner and then sat down to watch the fourth quarter ofthe Detroit-Green Bay game . Some killers are products ofsociety . Some act out past abuses . Boggs kills because he likes it . And they 've requested you speakwith him ? Actually , he 's requested to speak to me . - Whyyou ? - He read my profile on him and he feels like I 'm the only one who truly understands what he is . Anyway , I leave for Raleigh this afternoon . I 'll go with you . The funeral is at noon . I thinkyou should take some time . I need to work . I 'm sorry aboutyour father . - I 'll seeyou later . - Okay . As a captain he was entitled to burial in Arlington with full ceremony . This is exactly the way he wanted it . just the family . ( " Beyond the Sea " Plays ) This song was playing when his ship returned from the Cuban blockade . He marched right offup to me ... and he proposed . I know thatyou and Dad were ... disappointed that I chose the path I 'm on instead ofmedicine but I need to know . Was he at all proud ofme ? He was your father . The soul of Luther Boggs drowns in Hell 's sea offire . We have him now . We ? You mean the souls ofyourvictims ? The dead . The living . All souls are connected . And you 're the conduit ? ( Labored Breathing ) Uh , Dana ... Fox ... please understand that from here we can return to the past . We can see the present . We can know the future . From here ? Where exactly areyou ? Mr. Boggs must be made redemptive for his transgressions . That 's what the State of North Carolina intends to do next week . Uh-uh . Let 's deal . Boggs ' life for the kids . You know what I 'm saying ? Firstyou 've got to prove you 're telling the truth . Don 't get me wrong , Luther . I want to believe . ( Groaning ) Oh ! Oh ! God ! No . Must stop . Stop . Stop . Stop . Stop ! Pain ! Pain . Terrible pain . Um , the boy . Uh , Jim . Uh , he 's tied with twine . Uh , packing twine . ( Grunting ) He whips them with a coat hanger- - a wire coat hanger . Oh . Dark place . Cold . A cellar . Warehouse , condemned . An angel ofstone . Waterfall . Water falling . Not a waterfall . Not water . They 're there . Oh , God . I got to go . I got to go . I got to go . I tore this off my New York Knicks T-shirt . It has nothing to do with the crime . * Somewhere beyond the sea * * Somewhere waiting for me * ( Gasps ) Did you get my message , Starbuck ? Scully , what 's wrong ? Did Boggs say something toyou ? No . It 's my father . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . That 's all right . Why don 'tyou go back to the motel . We 've exposed Boggs as a fraud . Boggs is not what he claims to be . He may be orchestrating the kidnapping . Now he knows we 're onto him . He doesn 't have a chance with the charade . I 'm going to wait for a couple hours and try to interrogate him . Hopefully , he 'll tell me where the kids are . * Somewhere * * Beyond the shore * * We 'll kiss just as before * * Happywe 'll be * * Water falling . Not a waterfall . An angel ofstone . ( Knock On Door ) It 's Mulder . I just heard that Liz Hawley 's family made a positive l.D. on the charm you found at the warehouse . The police are searching that place inch by inch but they haven 't been able to find anything yet . I expected to find you at the crime scene . Did Boggs confess ? No . No . It was five hours of Boggs ' channeling . After three hours I asked him to summon up the soul ofJimi Hendrix and requested " All Along The Watchtower . " You know , the guy 's been dead 20 years but he still hasn 't lost his edge . I lied to the police about how I found the warehouse . I didn 't notice any suspicious activities . Then , how did you find it ? It was where Boggs said it would be . - Scully , I told you about Boggs . - I didn 't go looking for it . I came across an area that had landmarks he spoke of- - That 's exactly what Boggs wanted . He could have been setting you up . You could be dead right now . Why did you feel you had to lie on your police report ? I thought it would be a better explanation under the circumstances . No . You didn 't want to go on record admitting thatyou believed in Boggs . The Bureau would expect something like that from Spooky Mulder , but not Dana Scully . I thought thatyou would be pleased that I 'd opened myself to extreme possibilities . Why now ? After all we 've seen , why Boggs ? Does this have to do with your father ? He said that he didn 't approve ofyou becoming an FBI agent . Ifbeing on thejob now makes you feel guilty or uncomfortable or uneasy I thinkyou should back away . Because ifit 's clouding yourjudgment you 're putting yourself in danger . I love thisjob . You loveyour father . Dana ... open yourselfup to extreme possibilities onlywhen they 're the truth . That goes for Luther Boggs and your father . As for Luther Boggs he 's the greatest oflies . I know he 's working with someone on the outside and they planted that evidence . We have to be very careful about plotting our next move because he 's planned five steps ahead . The only advantage we have is time . Scully , look at this . That 's incredible . They found them ? That 's exactly what I want Boggs to think . Why didn 't the police notify us ? They haven 't been found . The article is bogus . The Carolinian made this up for us . Only six people know about it . Today Boggs gets his weekly phone privileges . Hopefully , he 'll call his accomplice to find out what happened . Phone privilege is in two hours . ( Boggs Dialing ) Go . ( Phone Rings ) Turn offthat phone . - ( Ringing ) - Turn it off . Mulder , it 's you . ( Ringing ) - Mulder . - How comeyou don 't believe me ? Agent Scully does . She believes me . Agent Scully believes what we all believe- - thatyou have the kids . Now , where are they ? Mulder , even ifhe is setting us up we have to follow , because in three days- - Liz Hawley andJim Summers will be dead . Then a day later , our only connection to the case will be pulling up a chair at the gas chamber . We have to deal . ( Breathing Heavily ) The kidnapper is aroused by the prospect ofbecoming a killer . What 's the name ? Can 't see- - Male- - Describe him . Small ... thin ... Iate twenties ... skull ... human skull ... silver gray . His eyes ... cold ... very cold ... staring at Elizabeth . God , he 's got the wire . No . Please ... no . Where is he ? He 's over ... by the window ... holding back his ... holding back his thoughts ofkilling us ... waiting . There 's a small boathouse on LakeJordan . You got that ? Mulder . Don 't go near the white cross . We seeyou down ... and your blood spills on the white cross . ( Muffed Cries ) Sweep the docks ! - Federal agent ! - ( Gunshot ) Mulder ! We need an ambulance ! Officer down ! What do we got ? It 's a through-and-through , upper femur . Can 't palpate a radial pulse . Okay , I want a B.P. Let 's get him on the gurney . Nurse : Blood pressure is 67 on palpation . Doctor : Okay , tighten and screen him for six . I want two liters ofsaline in now and give him two units ofO-neg after the typing . Let 's transfer now . Liz : No . No . No . Man : LucasJackson Henry , 28 . Did some time at Angola in Louisiana for sexual assault , narcotics ... nothing big , really . His personal history includes being witness to an auto accident in which his high school sweetheart was killed and his motherwas decapitated . The seven-year anniversary ofthat accident is in three days . He 's reliving it . That would explain the deadline . The most important element we found is there 's suspicion that Luther Lee Boggs' last five murders were committed with a partner . Now , the police in Durham say they could never prove it in court but they know that partner was Lucas Henry . You set us up . You 're in on this with Lucas Henry . This was a trap for Mulder because he helped putyou away . Well , I came here to tell you that ifhe dies because ofwhat you 've done , four days from now nobodywill stop me from being the one that will throw the switch and gas you out ofthis life for good , you son ofa bitch ! Dana . You 're the one that believed me . No . No , I do not believeyou ! Ifyou don 't believe me , maybeyou 'll believeyourself . There was that one time when I was 1 4 and my parents had gone to bed and I snuck downstairs alone . Got one ofmy mom 's cigarettes and went out onto the porch in the dark . I was so scared . My heart was beating . Theywould have killed me ifthey knew . But I was so excited . Not ' cause ofthe cigarette- - it was gross- - but because I wasn 't supposed to . That could be a moment from any kid 's life . I know whatyou want and I know who you want to talk to . Why don 'tyoujust go ahead and ask me . I 'll believeyou ... ifyou let me talk to him . Starbuck ... No , no , no ! Nobody talks to anybody until I get a deal . Don 't underestimate my fear ofdying and don 't downplay my terror ofgoing back to that chair . I know my hell 's going to be to go back to that chair over and over again for all oftime but in this life- - my one and only life- - I don 't everwant to go back again- - ever ! The last time I went to death 's door and looked inside I had never talked to a minister before in my life ever until that day and he said , " He who doth not love " remains in death . " And he who hates his brother is a murderer " and no murderer has eternal life abiding in him . " My family , who I killed after their last meal was right there to watch me over mine and their fear and their horror that I made them feel when I killed them was injected into me and their collective fear alone wasjust one taste ofhell . And I felt myself leave my body . I thought they 'd already killed me . And I saw thousands ofsouls rushing into my body . It is a cold , dark place , Scully . Mulder 's looking in on it right now . It may be a cold , dark place foryou but it 's not for Mulder and it 's not for my father . I 'm sure he 'd like to tell you hisself but I 'm not going to let him . Nobody speaks until you get me a deal . I don 't believeyou . Oh , well , there 's plenty ofroom in that cold , dark place for liars , Scully . You go ahead and play it likeyou need to but I knowyou believe me . But ifyou need to convince ajudge I 'm in on it with Lucas go ahead , 'cause eitherway- - whether I 'm running the show with Lucas or I 'm channeling- - no information 's coming until I get a deal . I got nothing to lose . Guard ! Ifl die that boy goes to that cold , dark place . Man : This Supreme Court will not make a deal with a mass murderer . Especially one who I know is orchestrating a capital offense two days before his capital punishment . Yes , sir . The only thing Boggs will get from me is a timely death . It 's an overdue one at that . We 're running out oftime . There 's still no sign of Lucas Henry orJim Summers . The Raleigh Police said- - No matterwhat , don 't believe him . Boggs created this whole charade to get back at me for putting him on death row . You 'd be the next best thing . Mulder , I never thought I 'd say this ... but what ifthere 's another explanation ? Don 't ... deal with him . He could be trying to claim you as his last victim . All right , Mr. Boggs ... you gotyour deal . Thankyou , ma 'am . Thankyou . All right , where are they ? ( Exhaling Loudly ) Uh ... I ... uh ... I see , like , uh ... uh , circles . Uh ... I don 't know , like ... barrels . No . No , bigger . Like , uh ... huge , uh ... vats , uh- - Factory . Uh , condemned . The old , uh , Blue Devil Brewery up by Morrisville . Oh , God , he 's getting , uh ... he 's getting ready . He- - He- - He 's getting ready to , um ... um- - He 's getting ready to kill the d- - Whoo . Luther , ifyou really were psychic- - I would have known you lied . That there neverwas a deal . I knowyou tried . Scully . Avoid the devil . Don 't follow Henry to the devil . Leave that to me . ( Screaming ) ( Groaning ) ( Water Dripping ) Agent : Freeze ! Federal agents . We 're armed ! Dropyourweapon . ( Gunshot ) ( Heaving ) Go ! Ow ! ( Grunting ) You come to say good-bye ? I believe ... that ifyou had orchestrated this kidnapping Lucas Henrywould have been aware ofthe danger you warned me about . He neverwould have crossed that bridge . Soyou saved jim Summers ' life . Butyou saved mine as well . You come for some unfinished business . You want your father 's message . Not now . Be there tonight . Mywitness . And when they got me in that chair and they ... open up that shield ... you getyour message . ( Breathing Heavily ) Our Father , who art in Heaven , hallowed be Thy Name . Thy Kingdom come , Thywill be done on Earth as it is in Heaven ... Would you like to make a statement ? And forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us . And lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil . ForThine is the Kingdom , the power and the glory forever and ever , amen . I was considering Boggs . Ifhe knew that I was your partner he could have found out everything he knew about me- - about my father . Scully- - " Beyond the Sea " was playing at my parents ' wedding . Visions ofdeceased loved ones are a common psychological phenomena . - Ifhe knew that my father- - - Dana ... after all you 've seen , after all the evidence why can 'tyou believe ? I 'm afraid . I 'm afraid to believe . You couldn 't face that fear ? Even ifit meant never knowing whatyour fatherwanted to tell you ? But I do know . How ? He was my father .
