 ( phoneringing ) Woman : Hi . You 've reached the Usher residence . Please leave a message at the tone . ( machinebeeps ) Hi , honey. it 's about 8 : 30 . I 'm going to be here a while . The presentation didn 't go so well . Call me . I loveyou . Bye . ( yelling ) ( loudthud ) Guess who I ran into from our class at Quantico ? Marty Neil . j . Edgar , Jr . ? just got bumped up . Foreign counterintelligence . New York City Bureau . Supervisory special agent . Supervisory ? Twoyears out ofthe academy ? How did he land that ? He lucked into the Trade Center bombing . Well , good for Marty . Come on , Dana . The guy is a loser . Lookwhere he is now . It 's where we should be . Brad Wilson told me the psychological profile you wrote on the Washington Crossing killer led them to the suspect . You 're on the violent crime section 's fast track . How areyou doing ? Haveyou had any close encounters ofthe third kind ? is that what everyone thinks I do ? No , ofcourse not . Butyou do work with " Spooky " Mulder . Mulder 's ideas may be a bit out there but he is a great agent . Well , I 've got this case that 's " out there . " Baltimore P.D. calls . Theywant our help on a serial killer profile . Three murders began six weeks ago . Victims vary in age , race , gender . No connection to each other . But there 's a pattern . Point ofentry- - the lack ofone . What doyou mean ? College girl killed in her cinder block dorm room found with the windows locked and the door chained from the inside . The last incident , two days ago . High-security office building . Nothing on the monitors . janitor spoke to the victim minutes before the murder . Didn 't hear or see a thing . Suicides ? Each victim was found with their liver ripped out . No cutting tool was used . Bare hands ? This looks like an X File . Let 's not get carried away . I 'm going to solve these murders , but ... I would likeyou to go over the case histories . Maybe come down to the crime scene . Doyou want me to ask Mulder ? Okay , ifhe wants to come and doyou a favor , great but make sure he knows this is my case . Dana , ifl can break a case like this one I 'll be getting my bump up the ladder and you ? Maybeyou won 't have to be Mrs. Spooky anymore . Mulder : Why didn 't theyaskme ? Scully : They 're friends ofmine . Theyjust felt more comfortable talking to me . Whywould I make them uncomfortable ? It probably has to do with your reputation . Reputation ? I have a reputation ? Colton plays by the book , and you don 't . They feel your methods , your theories , are ... Spooky ? Doyou think I 'm spooky ? Man : Agent Scully 's in here , sir . Sorry I 'm late . Wejust got here . Uh , Fox Mulder , Tom ... Colton . What doyou think ? Does this look like the work oflittle green men ? Gray . Excuse me ? Gray . You said green men . A Reticulan skin tone is gray . They 're notorious for their extraction ofterrestrial human livers due to iron depletion in the Reticulum galaxy . You can 't be serious . Doyou have any idea what liver and onions go for there ? Excuse me . Dana , I 've been thinking about this and I have a theory . It might explain a lot . Tell me whatyou think . What ifthe guy enters Hold on a second . What in the hell 's he doing ? Uh , that vent is six inches by about 1 8 . Even ifa Reticulan could crawl through it 's screwed in place . Mulder : This is the print from Usher 's office . These others are from an X File . Ten murders , Baltimore area . Undetermined points ofentry . Each victim had their liver removed . These prints were discovered at five ofthe ten crime scenes . Ten murders . Colton never mentioned ... Most likely he 's unaware ofthem . These two prints were lifted fiveyears before he was born at Powhatan Mill . These three were lifted probably fiveyears before his motherwas even born . Areyou saying these prints are from the 1 960s and 1 930s ? And fingerprinting wasjust coming into its own in 1 903 but there was a murder involving an extracted liver . Ofcourse . Now , that 's five murders every 30 years so two more to go this year . You 're saying these are copycats ? What did we learn our first day at the academy ? Each fingerprint is unique . These are a perfect match . Areyou suggesting that I go before the violent crimes section and present a profile declaring these murders are done by aliens ? I find no evidence ofalien involvement . Well , what then ? This is the work ofa 1 00-year-old killer capable ofoverpowering a six-foot-two businessman ? And he should stick out in a crowd with ten inch fingers . Look , bottom line this is Colton 's case . OurX File dates back to 1 903 . We had it first . Mulder , they don 't wantyou involved . They don 't want to hearyour theories . That 's why Blevins has you hidden away down here . You 're down here too . Look , why don 't we agree to this ? They 'll have their investigation and we 'll have ours , and never the twain shall meet . Agreed ? Scully : Aftera carefulreview ofthe violenceandpowerful nature ofthesemurders Ibelieve thekiller tobeamale 25 to35years ofage withaboveaverage intelligence . Hismannerofentry hasso farbeen undetectable . Thismaybe due tohissuperiorknowledge oftheinnerstructure ofbuildingsandduct works orthathe , in fact , hides inplainsight posing as delivery ormaintenance workers . the extraction oftheliver is themostsignificantdetail ofthese crimes . Theliverpossesses regenerative qualities . Itcleanses theblood . The taking ofthis trophy is the transferring act for the killer to cleanse himself ofhis own impurities . I think he is acting under the classic form ofobsessive / compulsive behavior . Now , since the victims are unrelated and we cannot predict who will be next we must utilize the fact that a killer will not always succeed in finding a victim . When this occurs , a serial killer may return in frustration to the site ofa previous murder hoping to recapture the emotional high . I think our best course ofaction is to target these sites . Goodjob , Agent Scully . Ifthere are no objections I 'd like to begin our stakeouts ofthe murder sites tonight . We 're looking for a male , 25 to 35 possiblywearing a uniform- - gas company , U.P.S. , whatever . I knowyou 're assigned to another area , Scully butyou 're welcome to come aboard with us on this . That is , ifyou don 't mind working in an area that 's a bit more down to earth . Man : Position Ten , station check . Position Ten , I copy . ( metallicbanging ) ( running footsteps ) Whoa ! You wouldn 't shoot an unarmed man would you , copper ? What areyou doing here ? He 's not coming back . His thrill is derived from the challenge ofa seemingly impossible entry . He 's already beaten this place . Ifyou 'd read the X File on the case ... Mulder , you arejeopardizing my stakeout . Seeds ? You 're wasting your time . I 'm going home . ( metallicbang ) Scully ! Call for backup , and get over here ! Position Ten requesting backup . In there . ( loudbang ) Federal agent ! I 'm armed . Proceed down the vent . Slowly ! ( manyelling ) She 'snotbyhercar ! ( running footsteps ) Take him ! F.B.l. ! Don 't move ! Getyour hands up ! Keep them up ! You 're under arrest . You have the right to remain silent ... You were right . is your full name Eugene VictorTooms ? Yes . Areyou a resident ofthe state of Maryland ? Yes . Areyou an employee ofthe Baltimore Municipal Animal Control ? Yes . is ityour intent to lie to me about anything here today ? No . Wereyou ever enrolled in college ? Yes . Wereyou ever enrolled in medical school ? No . Haveyou ever removed a liver from a human being ? No . Haveyou ever killed a living creature ? Yes . Haveyou ever killed a human being ? No . Wereyou ever in George Usher 's office ? No . Did you kill George Usher ? No . Areyou over 1 00 years old ? That must be a control question . I had her ask it . No . Haveyou ever been to Powhatan Mill ? Yes . In 1 933 ? No . Areyou afraid you might fail this test ? Well ... yes ... because I didn 't do anything . He nailed it . A + . As far as I 'm concerned the subject did not kill those two people . Maintenance people at the office building confirmed a call to animal control regarding a bad smell . They found a dead cat in the ventilation ducts on the second foor . That still doesn 't explain why he was there late . He 's a civil servant with initiative and we busted him for it . He was crawling up an air duct by himself without alerting security . He passed the test . His story checks out . He 's not the guy . It doesn 't mean your profile 's incorrect . Scully 's right. lt 's the guy . What doyou got , Mulder ? He lied on questions 1 1 and 1 3 . His electrodermal and cardiographic response nearly go offthe chart . is number 1 1 the hundred-year-old question ? Let me tell you I had a reaction to that stupid question . And what the hell is Powhatan Mill ? Two murders with matching M.O.s occurred in Powhatan Mill in 1 933 . Look at the chart . My interpretation ... I don 't need you or that machine telling me ifTooms was alive in ' 33 . He 's the guy . ( sighs ) I 'm letting him go . ( tearingandcrumplingpaper ) You coming ? Tom , I want to thankyou for letting me put in time with the V.C.S. but I am officially assigned to the X Files . I 'll see what I can do . Tom , I can look out for myself . You said Mulderwas out there . That guy 's insane . ( doorcloses ) Youknew they wouldn 'tbelieveyou . Why did you push it ? Maybe I thought you caught the right guy . And maybe I run into so many people who are hostile just because they can 't open their minds to the possibilities that sometimes the need to mess with their heads outweighs the millstone ofhumiliation . It seems likeyou were acting very territorial . I don 't know . Forget it . Ofcourse I was . In our investigations you may not always agree with me but at least you respect thejourney . And ifyou want to continue working with them I won 't hold it againstyou . I won 't hold it againstyou . I don 't know . You must have something more than your polygraph interpretation to back up this bizarre theory and I have to see what it is . Mulder : These are Eugene Tooms 's prints . ( computerkeys clicking ) This is the fingerprint they took from Usher 's office . It matches the old ones from the X Files . Obviously , no match . What if ... somehow ... ( keys clicking ) How could that be ? The only thing I know for certain is ... they let him go . ( dogbarking in distance ) ( yelling ) 64 inches from the south wall . Let 's run a check on liver transplants in the next 24 hours . Maybe this thing is black market . Come on. lt was ripped out ofthere . Look , at this point I 'm willing to give any theory a shot- - any sane theory . I 'm sorry , Dana but I onlywant qualified members ofthe investigating team at the crime scene . What 's the matter , Colton ? You worried I 'll solveyour case ? Tom , we have authorized access to this crime scene . A report ofyou obstructing another officer 's investigation might stick out on your personnel file . Look , Dana whose side areyou on ? The victim 's . 1 05 inches from the fireplace . The victim is a Thomas Werner . Single , white ... That 's Tooms . He took something . Baltimore P.D. checked out Tooms 's apartment . It was a cover . No one has ever lived there and he hasn 't shown up forwork since he was arrested . I found him . How do we learn about the present ? We look to the past . I think this is where it all began in 1 903 on Exeter Street . Look at the address ofthat first murder in 1 903 . Apartment 203 . He killed the guy above him . Maybe his neighbor played the Victrola too loud . This must be Tooms 's great-grandfather . What about the prints ? Genetics might explain the patterns and the sociopathic attitudes and behaviors . It begins with one family member who raises an offspring who raises the next child ... So what is this , the anti-Waltons ? Well , what doyou think ? I thinkwe have to track Eugene Tooms . There 's four down and one to go this year . Ifwe don 't get him now , the next chance is ... 2023 . You 'll head the Bureau by then . You go through the census . I 'll plough through this century 's marriage , birth , death certificates ... Doyou have any Dramamine ? These things make me seasick . Anything ? Nope . He disappeared offthe face ofthe earth . You ? Neverwas born , never married never died . At least in Baltimore County . Well , I did find one thing , though . Um , it 's the current address ofthe investigating officer ofthe Powhatan Mill murders in 1 933 . I 've been waiting 25 years foryou . Sir ? I called it quits in 1 968 after 45 years as a cop ... and those killings at Powhatan Mill . I was a sheriffthen and I 'd seen my share ofmurders- - bloody ones- - but I could go home and ... pitch a few baseballs to my kid and never give it a second thought . You got to be able to do that . You ... you 'd go crazy , right ? But those murders in Powhatan Mill ... When I walked into that room , my heart went cold . My hands ... numbed . I could feel ... it . Feel what , Frank ? ( sighs ) When I first heard about the death camps in 1 945 I remembered Powhatan Mill . When I see the Kurds and the Bosnians ... that room is there ... I tell you . It 's like all of the horrible acts that humans are capable of somehow gave birth to some kind ofhuman ... monster . ( sighs ) That 's why I say I 've been waiting foryou . Uh ... there 's a box in the trunk here . Get it for me , would you please ? Now , this is all the evidence I 've collected officially and unofficially . Unofficially ? I knew that the murders in ' 63 were by the same ... person as in ' 33 . But by then , they had me on a desk pushing papers But by then , they had me on a desk pushing papers and theywouldn 't let me anywhere near the case . A piece ofthe removed liver ? But , you know , that 's not the only trophy he tookwith him . Family members reported small personal effects missing in each case- - a hairbrush in the Walters murder a coffee mug in the Taylor murder . Haveyou ever heard the name Eugene VictorTooms ? When theywouldn 't bring me aboard in ' 63 I did some ofmy own work . I took these surveillance pictures . Now , this ... is Tooms . Ofcourse , that was him 30 years ago . And this is the apartment where he lived . it was located at 66 Exeter Street ? Right . That 's it . Right there . ( birds cooing ) Here 's 1 03 . The old man was right . You can feel it . ( sighs ) There 's nothing here . Check this out . What 's down here ? I don 't know . Let 's find out . just an old coal cellar . Mulder : Somebody having a garage sale ? This is the shape on Werner 's mantle . Frank said he collected trophies . Mulder : Does he live in here ? Scully : It looks like the wall 's deteriorating . No . Somebody made it . This is a nest . Look . It 's made out of rags and newspapers . This looks like the opening . Think there 's anything inside ? Oh , my God , Mulder ... it smells like ... I think it 's bile . is there anyway I can get it offmy fingers quickly without betraying my cool exterior ? No one could live in this . I don 't think it 's where he lives . I think it 's where he hibernates . Hibernates ? just listen . What ifsome genetic mutation could allow a man to awaken every 30 years ? Mulder ... And what ifthe five livers could provide him sustenance for that period ? What ifTooms is some kind of20th-century ... genetic mutant ? In any case , he 's not here now and he 's got to come back . We 'll need a surveillance team . Yeah. lt will take some finagling . Go downtown and see whatyou can finagle . And I 'll keep watch . ( gasps ) Oh , wait . I 'm snagged on something . It 's okay. I got it . It 's about time . so , who we looking for again ? Eugene Tooms . He 's unarmed , but consider him dangerous . Scully and I will relieveyou in eight hours ifhe doesn 't show- - right here . You got it ... Spooky . We have to talk . I have to meet Mulder . That 's what we have to talk about . You 're using two ofmy men to sit in front ofa building that 's been condemned for ten years ? It isn 't interfering with your investigation . When we first had lunch I looked forward to working with you but now I couldn 't haveyou far enough away . Don 't go down there . I had the stakeout called off . You can 't do that . I can 't , but my regional ASAC can especially after I told them about the irresponsible waste in man-hours . Huh-uh . Let me call Mulder . is this what it takes to climb the ladder , Colton ? All the way to the top . Then I can 't wait till you fall off and land on your ass . ( phoneringing ) This is Fox Mulder . I 'm not here . Leave a message . Where is everyone ? Scully ? This is Fox Mulder . I 'm not here . Leave a message . Mulder , you must have gone out since Colton gave us the night off . I saywe file a complaint against him . I am furious . Call me when you get in . Okay . Bye . ( gasps ) Oh , my ... ( phoneringing ) Damn it , answer ! ( grunting ) ( grunting ) ( yelling ) Scully ! ( grunting ) You all right ? He 's not going to get his quota this year . Look at him . He 's building another nest . You 'll be interested to know that I 've ordered some genetic tests . The preliminary medical exam revealed quite abnormal development in the muscular and skeletal systems as well as a continually declining metabolic rate . It dips way below the levels registered in deep sleep . Did you hear what I said , Mulder ? All these people putting bars on theirwindows ... spending good money on high-tech security systems trying to feel safe ? I look at this guy , and I think " lt ain 't enough . "
