 Woman : What 's she doing there by herself ? Man : Teena ? Honey ? You 're freezing . Where 's yourjacket ? Where 's your daddy ? In theyard . He told me he needed some time to himself . I 'd say his time 's up . Come on , honey . I 'm sure he wouldn 't wantyou to catch cold . joel ? Hey , Joel , the swing set 's supposed to be foryour daughter , not foryou . ( screams ) I 'll call 91 1 . Daddy ? Death by hypovolemia 75 % blood loss . That 's over four liters ofblood . You could say the man was running on empty . The man 's daughter , eightyears old was away from his side no more than ten minutes . She doesn 't remember anything . No trace evidence at the scene . Any evidence would have been washed away byyesterday 's rain . There were two small puncture wounds in thejugular . Areyou at all familiar with the phenomenon ofcattle mutilations ? Hmm ? Since 1 967 , over 34 states have reported unsolved cases ofcattle mutilations . ( projectorhumming ) The trace evidence is remarkably similar . Incision marks ofsurgical precision . The area around the mouth , and , often , the sexual organs has been removed . There 's a substantial degree ofblood loss without a trace ofblood . How can that be ? Exsanguination . Ifyou stick a needle in thejugular ofany living creature the heart itselfacts as a pump . These animals had theirjugulars punctured the same as that man , only this is the first time i 've seen it on a human being . But there was no struggle . How can a manjust sit through a bloodletting ? The M.E. found traces ofdigitalis- - a South American plant that can be used as a paralytic drug . These X Files indicate this is a U.F.O.-related phenomena . Often , there are sightings in the sky near the incident , surface burns ... Witnesses often report time loss . We 've seen this in abduction cases . That might explain why she can 't remember anything . Mulder , whywould alien beings travel light-years to earth in order to play doctor on cattle ? For the same reason we cut up frogs and monkeys . Besides ... they seem to have stepped up their interest . Her mother passed away from ovarian cancer twoyears ago . There 's no other family . We 'll keep Teena here until we can place herwith a foster family . Has she spoken about it ? No , not a word . Any nightmares ? No . At least , not that I know of . Can we talk to her now ? Yes . Teena ? These are the people we talked about . This is Miss Scully and Mr. Mulder . Doyou think you can talk to them ? Okay . Hi . I knowyou must be feeling very sad right now and scared but we want to find out what happened so we can help stop whoever hurt your daddy , okay ? Did you ever see any strangers with your daddy at home ? Did you ever see anyone yell atyour daddy oryour daddyyell at them ? No . Can you think ofanyone who might want to hurtyour daddy ? No . That 's a nice bunny , Teena . Can we talk about what happened that day ? About what happened in the backyard ? You remember any strange sounds or lights or anything like that ? There was red lightning . Can you tell me more about the red lightning ? I can 't remember . It all went dark . Haveyou ever seen anything like that before ? You have ? When ? The men from the clouds . Theywere after my dad . ( telephonerings ) Scully . Whywere these men afteryour dad ? Theywanted to exsanguinate him . Mulder . What ? There 's been another one . It 's like looking at a mirror image . The victim , Reardon , was married with one daughter . Cause ofdeath : hypovolemia . Mulder , this is uncanny . They also found traces ofthe poison , digitalis . Puncture wound ? Uh ... yes . On thejugular . The time ofdeath was estimated at 2 : 30 p.m. Same day , only three hours earlier than the Simmons murder . That 's Pacific Standard Time . That makes it the exact same moment . It appears as ifwe have two serial killers working in tandem . No , serial killers rarelywork in pairs and when they do they kill together , not separately . Mulder , nothing beyond your leading questions to Teena Simmons substantiates a U.F.O. mutilation theory . Was Reardon 's daughter here when he was murdered ? Uh ... yes . The police report states that she remembers nothing . She 's with her mother and family in Sacramento . When will they be back ? Tomorrow . Even money , she 'll remember red lightning . ( footsteps approaching ) ( screaming ) Teena ? Teena ? Teena ? Teena ! She was kidnapped from the social services home around 1 1 : 00 p.m. last night . Looks like someone was afraid she might remember too much . Someone or something , Scully . Connecticut state troopers set up roadblocks within a halfan hour . Nothing . Maybe theyweren 't looking in the right direction . I told them to contact us in case they find her . Teena ? No . What 's your name ? Cindy Reardon . Doyou live here , Cindy ? Ever since I was born , eightyears ago . Help ! ( whimpers ) ( yelling ) Whew ! This is the ceremonial signing ofthe bill which is now known as ... and forever forward from this point on , known as ... Cindy really is a beautiful little girl , Mrs. Reardon . Doug and I wanted to spoil her . We wanted to protect her from everything horrible in the world . She was Daddy 's little girl . Is she an only child ? May I ask ... was Cindy adopted ? No . I gave birth to her at San Rafael General . So I assumeyou have all the proper documentation- - birth certificate ... Ofcourse I do . Was she the only child delivered at that birth ? What the hell kind ofquestion is that ? Look , I have told the police everything I know . Mrs. Reardon , haveyou ever seen this man before ? Is this your suspect ? No . Did he do something to Cindy ? No , he ... No , Mrs. Reardon . This is notyour daughter . That girl 's name is Teena Simmons . She lives in Greenwich , Connecticut . That man- - her father- - was killed in the same manner as your husband . Cindy is my daughter . I can showyou videos ofher birth . We tried for sixyears to become pregnant . In vitro fertilization ? At which clinic ? The Luther Stapes Center down in San Francisco . Mulder : Thanks . Scully : Doyoustillbelieve this is U.F. O.-related ? Cindy Reardon didn 't see red lightning . The only thing similar about these girls does seem to be their appearance . There is the random possibility that two people can have an unrelated likeness . Who bothjust happen to see their fathers exsanguinated . I 'd like to get the odds on that in Vegas . The girls are the one and only link between identical murders . And one girl wasjust abducted . Kidnapped . * Po-ta-to , po-tah-to ... * Where areyou going ? Ifthe murders were committed by the same person part ofthe pattern involves kidnapping the daughter . You 'd expect the pattern to continue . I 'm going to watch the girl . You check out the clinic . See ifthe Simmons were enrolled . I 'll call the San Francisco bureau and get someone to relieveyou . Okay . Dr. Katz : During vitro fertilization we canimplementfertilization andimplantation ofthe embryo in the uterus . Could a patient believe she was receiving her own egg but actually receive another without her knowledge ? Not here . We have very strict controls . Areyou aware ofever having patients named Claudia andJoel Simmons ? That 's confidential . It 's our policy . Both the Simmons are dead and their daughter has been kidnapped . I 'd say any information you have that could help would overrideyour policy . You had copies oftheir records transferred to Greenwich , Connecticut in 1 991 . They came here nineyears ago under the supervision ofa Dr. Sally Kendrick ? Is there a problem ? Dr. Kendrickwas nothing but a problem . Hello , and welcome to the Luther Stapes Center for reproductive medicine . I 'm Dr. Sally Kendrick a specialist in the exciting field ofin vitro fertilization ... She was a resident here in 1 985 . Brilliant . First in her class at Yale Med where she got her M.D. after completing her doctorate in biogenetics . Oh , we were thrilled to get her . And nowyou don 't sound so thrilled . We have reason to believe that Dr. Kendrick was tampering with genetic material offertilized ova in the lab prior to implant- - experimenting with eugenics . Did you report this to the A.M.A. ? Ofcourse . I fired her and requested an investigation from the health department . And what happened ? The A.M.A. censured her . My request for an investigation was denied . ... atLutherStapes ... Dr. Kendrick ... disappeared . Weknowthepain ofinfertility , andweare readytohelp . In the next halfhour I 'll guideyou through our l.V.F. program ... Scully : Kendrick supervised the Reardons' and Simmons ' l.V.F. program . It seems she experimented at the clinic . Mulder : And maybe now she 's trying to erase the results ? I wish that we could guarantee everyone success but with our scientific advances a little luck , and a lot ofhope miracles can happen . Well , she must have had an accomplice in order to have done both murders . Soyou think this is a vendetta that she and a colleague have against the Stapes Center ? Haveyou abandoned your U.F.O. connection ? ( phonerings ) Hello ? Hello ? just a couple clicks . Must be the wrong number . I 'll tell you what ... I 'm going to sleep on it and we 'll talk about it in the morning . Mulder , you 're rushing me out ofthe room . No , I 'm not . Doyou have a girl coming over ? What 's a girl ? I got a movie to watch on TV . Sleep tight . Seeyou in the morning . Areyou certain she hasn 't followed you ? What areyou doing here ? Well , I thought we might take in a Warriors game . No . Actually , I was just in the neighborhood and , uh ... wondered if I had ever told you about the Litchfield experiments . Hmm ... no , you haven 't . Well , it was a most ... interesting project . Highest level ofclassification . All records have since been destroyed . And those who knew ofit will deny knowledge ofits existence . In the early ' 50s during the height ofthe Cold War we got wind that the Russians were fooling around with eugenics- - rather primitively , I might add- - trying to crossbreed their top scientists , athletes- - you name it- - to come up with the superior soldier . Naturally , wejumped on thebandwagon . Mulder : the Litchfieldexperiment . Deep Throat : A group of geneticallycontrolledchildren who were raisedandmonitored ona compounding Litchfield . Theboys were called ' Adam " andthegirls were called " Eve . " There 'sa woman youshouldsee andl 'llmakesure thatyoucangetin . Agents Mulder and Scully here to see Eve 6 . Deposityour firearms . Sign for these . What are those ? Panic buttons . Can 't letyou inside without one . Thankyou . Why the fashlight ? She screams and screams ifwe turn the overheads on . No one 's ever got a real good look at her . We 'll be right outside . Mulder : Hello ? So I guess you found whatyou 're looking for . One ofus , at least . Sally Kendrick . Unlock the chains , and then we 'll talk . They 're probably there for a good reason . No . A bad reason . I paid too much attention to a guard . I bit into his eyeball . I meant it as a sign ofaffection . ( laughs ) Areyou here to give me an l.Q test , by any chance ? I think I can top 265 . We 're very bright , we Eves . It runs in the family . Where are the others , the Adams and the Eves ? We 're prone to suicide . All that 's left is me ... and Eve 7 . She escaped early on . And Eve 8 . She escaped ten years later . Areyou Sally Kendrick ? That 's not my name , but ... she is me , and I am her , and ... we are all together . Scully : Did you work for the Luther Stapes Center for reproductive medicine in 1 985 ? In 1 985 , I had been tied up like this for twoyears and forwhat reason ? No reason . I did nothing . I 'm just me . They made me ... but did they suffer ? No . No , I suffer . I suffer ! They keep me alive for the Litchfield project . They come in and they test me . They poke me to see what went wrong . Sally knows what went wrong . You and you- - you have 46 chromosomes . The Adams , me , the Eves- - we have 56 . We have extra chromosomes . Number four , five , 1 2 , 1 6 , and 22 . This replication ofchromosomes also produces additional genes . Heightened strength , heightened intelligence ... Heightened psychosis . Saved the best for last . You don 't believe me . I have proof . Look on mywall . My family album . Scully : My God . It 's the girls . Eve 6 : We were close . We were very close . Sally Kendrick was using the clinic to carry on the Litchfield experiment . She was cloning herself . Cindy : " Now I lay me down to sleep " I pray the Lord my soul to keep " ifl should die before I wake I pray the Lord my soul to take . " God bless Grandma and Grampa Stenner Irma and lrmapop and God bless Mom and please take care of Daddy up in heaven . You 're such a special little girl , Cindy . Good night , honey . If Eve 6 is right then there are two other Eves out there . That could account for the two identical murders occurring at exactly the same time . Sally Kendrick does have an accomplice . Herself . Until I heard that , I suspected the girls . No , no . It seems the two remaining Eves are doing awaywith the parents in order to keep Teena and Cindy in the family . Scully : Doyou suppose the girls have any idea ofwhat they are ? I hope not . Mulder , let 's go ! I 'll take the back . ( knocking ) There 's someone upstairs . Wait outside . F.B.I. ! I 'm armed ! Which one areyou ? Eve 7 or Eve 8 ? Drop it . You know I 'm capable . Slow . Very slow . The suspect 's name is Sally Kendrick early 40s , 5 ' 8 " , 1 35 pounds . Now , she may have an accomplice similar in appearance . Kendrick is driving a light blue ' 93 Corolla . She has exceptional strength for her size . Soyou must consider her armed and dangerous . Quite possibly she 'll display severe psychotic behavior . The Oakland bureau is here to orchestrate the search across the bridge . What if .. ? What ifshe kills her ? First Doug , now Cindy ? The fact that Kendrick and her accomplice murdered the fathers and abducted the girls tells us that they want them alive . I 'm sure Cindy 's alive and we 'll find her . And then what do we do ? I 'm sorryyou have to meet this way but it 's the best for all concerned . Teena Simmons , meet Cindy Reardon . Agent Scully ? They found the light blue Corolla in the parking lot ofSan Francisco International . Start a check on every single passenger list for every fight that left the terminal within the past 1 2 hours . Check every terminal and make sure she 's not hiding out for a later fight . Remember , she may have an accomplice . A motel manager in Pt . Reyes has a guest matching Sally Kendrick 's description . We found the car at the airport . She might have ditched it . The manager said this woman checked in with a little girl that she leaves in the afternoon by herself , is gone all night and returns with the girl . The area is a place full ofvacationing families with kids . This kid said to use chlorine to eradicate the dinofagellates in the swimming pool . Sound like someoneyou know ? That 's it . I 've always kept a close eye on your behavior no matterwhere I was . The last fewyears I spent in search ofthe remaining Eve . That , however , was cut short byyour ... activity . I 'd hoped mywork at the Stapes Center had corrected the Litchfield faws . Psychotic behavior didn 't develop in the Adams and Eves until age 1 6 , homicidal behavior at 20 . Imagine my ... disappointment when I learned ofyour accelerated development . How did you learn ofeach other 's existence ? Wejust knew . Did you discuss howyou would orchestrate your little ... prank ? Wejust knew . Why murderyour fathers ? They weren 't our fathers . We have no parents . We weren 't born . We were created . You ... You cannot think that way . You 're human beings ... different , special ... butyou cannot give in to genetic destiny . That 's why I 've taken you . I was raised by a man who knew what I was . He was a genetic engineer on the project . With the proper environment and a program oflong-term medication ... you can become like me . And not the other Eves . ( rattling ) Wh-What .. ? What haveyou done ? Your soda- - Four ounces offoxglove . Extracted from a digitalis plant . This much is a lethal dose . We cultivated them ourselves . Wh-Why ? You tell us . You made us . Cindy : We 'reyour mistake . I-l 'll ... correct ... that mistake . Well , I waited likeyou told me . No one 's come in or out that I could tell . ( glassbreaking ) Get the back ! We were all supposed to drink but we only pretended to drink it . They tried to poison us . Who 's they ? She and another lady . What did the other lady look like ? Eve 8 . Theywere working together . It 's all right . We 'll take care ofyou . You 're safe with us . It looks like the Eves mixed about four ounces ofdigitalis in each glass . Their own mini-Jonestown . Eve 6 said theywere prone to suicide . It has a sweet favor . It 's probably not even perceptible in soda . So far , there 's no sign ofthe other suspect . We 'll have an officer take the girls back . No , maybe it would be best if we take responsibility for the girls . We can get them checked out by a doctor . Okay , whatever . Okay . Come on , girls . We 're going to takeyou back . Backwhere ? What 's going to happen to Teena ? We 'll talk about it in the car , okay ? They 've already grown so attached . It will be hard when Teena 's placed in foster care . Agent Mulder , I have to go to the bathroom . Me too . Can you hold it ? I really need to go . I could use some caffeine . Mulder : Hi . Where 's your bathroom ? In the back . You 'll need a key . Thanks . Oh , can I get four diet sodas ? - Regular . - Regular . All right . Two diet and two regular . To go , please . Thanks . Tina : AgentScully , my door 'sstuck . Scully : Justasecond . just a minute . It 's okay . My dad will pay for them when he gets out ofthe bathroom . Okay . Those are the diet ? I think these are . Areyou sure ? It 's really sweet . Try it . It 's diet . I saw her pour it . Okay . Scully : Let 's go . Come on . Don 't forget the drinks . Ah , the drinks . How much ? Five dollars . Okay . Want to pay ? Sure . Thereyou go . You got those ? Thanks . Mmm , tastes syrupy . Cindy , you didn 't pick up my keys offthe counter , did you ? No . No ? All right . I 'll be right back . Scully ! What ? Scully ... just wanted to open the car door foryou . Mulder ! It 's them . They poisoned it . Let 'sjust get them in the car . Okay . I only had a sip . We didn 't drink enough to make us sick . Stop it ! Scully ! I got them ! Leave me alone ! I got them ! Scully ! Hey ! What the hell areyou doing ? I 'm a federal agent . And these are America 's Most Wanted ? Hands in front . Leave me alone ! Now let the girls go . Get in the truck , girls . I 'll call the police . We are the police ! Theywent that way . You seen the twins we were with ? No , I ... There 's a bunch ofschoolkids just left on that bus . Forgetyour sodas ? We didn 't do anything wrong . We 'rejust little girls . That 's the last thingyou are . They said they have an excellent program . Mulder : They can 't hide behind a bureaucracy , Mrs. Reardon . You have every right to know what happened- - a right to know aboutyour daughter . All I need to know is she was not my daughter . She neverwas . Hello , girls . It 's so nice to have company . Sign for this . Hello , Eve 8 . We 've been waiting . How did you know I 'd come foryou ? Wejust knew . Wejust knew .
