 ( Growls ) ( Dull Pop ) ( Slow , Heavy Breathing ) ( Snapping And Cracking ) Eugene ? Eugene , it 's Dr. Monte . Eugene , areyou asleep ? - No . - I was on myway out and I wanted to see howyou were feeling . Fine . Good . You nervous about tomorrow ? Don 't be . I knowyou think theywon 't letyou out so I snuck a peek at the reports ofthe doctors that will testify atyour review tomorrow and they concurwith my opinion that you 're ready to be released from here and rejoin the community . So ... why don 't we get some sleep and relax and I 'll seeyou tomorrow at the review , okay ? Let 'sjust keep our fingers crossed . Agent Scully . We have reviewed your reports , and frankly , we are quite displeased . Irregular procedure , untenable evidence inconclusive findings aggravated byvague opinion . But , sir , the very nature ofthe X-files cases often precludes orthodox investigation . Areyou suggesting the Bureau adopt separate standards foryou and Mulder ? - No , sir . - You suggesting Mulder obstructs you from proper procedure ? No , sir . Ifanything , I 'm suggesting that these cases be reviewed with ... an open mind . Maybeyour mind has become too open . On X-files cases investigated by Agent Mulder and myselfto date we have a conviction or case solution of75 % . That 's well above current Bureau standard . And that is your only saving grace . May I ask , sir , what moreyou require ? What I require is increased frequency ofreports conventional investigation . In short , Agent Scully , it is your responsibility to see that these cases are by the book . I understand . However ... conventional investigation ofthese cases may decrease rate ofsuccess . ( Gavel Pounding ) judge : By order ofthe State of Maryland the Court shall review the psychological status of Eugene VictorTooms . We 'll begin with the court-appointed expert witnesses . Court calls Dr. Pamela Karetzky . I performed several diagnostic procedures on Mr. Tooms in order to determine any organic physiological dysfunction- - an electroencephalogram , chromosomal analysis a computerized axial tomograph . All ofthese were negative . " Mr. Tooms had recently lost hisjob . " Parenthesis : Baltimore animal regulation / dog catcher . Close parenthesis . " Aggravated by a false arrest incident with the F.B.I. , " his assault on Agent Scullywas 'frustration directed at the wrong person . " ' I 'm reading from a recent interview I did with Mr. Tooms at the Druid Hill Sanitarium . " Question : Ifyou are released " what is the first thing you would do ? " Answer : I 'd like my oldjob back . " Question : Why ? " Answer : The animal shelter " made me feel I was helping everyone- - people and animals . " So , you see , what is occurring here is that Mr. Tooms has learned to articulate his feelings and invest his emotional energy towards creative and constructive activity ... ( No Audio ) ... in himself . It is my opinion that Mr. Tooms has had a very excellent response to the months oftreatment and therapy . I would see no reason why he would be considered ofany danger to himselfor society . Woman : ... is the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth ? I do . Mr. Mulder , as an expert witness for the State of Maryland , can you listyour qualifications ? I 'm a special agent with the F.B.I. I worked for threeyears at the F.B.I. ' s behavioral science unit profiling serial killers . Your Honor , I know where he 's going with this . May I remind the Court Mr. Tooms was placed in psychiatric care solely for the assault on Agent Scully . He has never been charged , nor has any evidence linked him to any other crime . judge : Proceed ... with caution . Myers : Agent Mulder , I understand thatyou 've developed a profile on Mr. Tooms . - Yes , I have . - Please . These murders span nearly a century . 1 9 homicides- - five occurring every 30 years since 1 903 all in the Baltimore area . In each case , the liverwas extracted and presumably eaten . A trophywas taken from each victim , many ofwhich were found in the living quarters of Eugene Tooms at 66 Exeter Street . Records show that a Eugene Tooms has resided at that same address since 1 903- - the sameyear a man was murdered in that building . The most notable element connecting these cases is the undetermined point ofentry . Manyvictims were found with theirwindows and doors locked from the inside . These fingerprints found at seven ofthe 1 9 crime scenes match Eugene VictorTooms . Agent Mulder , look at his fingers . - Look at him . 1 00 years old ? - I contend that perhaps through a genetic mutation Tooms is capable ofcontorting and elongating his body to gain access to victims so he may extract the livers which provide him sustenance for the hibernation period of30 years . He needs one more victim to complete this cycle . A preliminary exam revealed abnormalities in his stride , muscles , and axial bones . His attorney blocked further study . - I askyou to place the safety ... - No further questions . This is a rare and abnormal human creature who should not be released . - You may step down . - Ifyou release Eugene Tooms , he will kill again . It 's in his genetic makeup . Would they have taken me more seriously ifl wore the grey suit ? Mulder , your testimony- - you sounded- - I don 't care how it sounded , as long as it was the truth . And where wereyou ? Your testimonywas important . I was called into a meeting byAssistant Director Skinner . What did he want ? just wanted to reel me in . They 're ready . It is the opinion ofthis Court that Eugene VictorTooms shall on this day be released from the Druid Hill Sanitarium . Court also attaches these conditions : One , that he remain in counseling under the care of Dr. Aaron Monte- - that he may retain hisjob at the Baltimore Regulations Animal Shelter and last , he take residence in the house of Mr. and Mrs. Arlan Green trained in a program to assist patients released from Druid Hill in their transition to society . Mr. Tooms ? Doyou understand and accept these conditions ? Yes , Your Honor . Verywell . You 're free to go . I 'm not taking my eyes offhim . He 'll kill again first chance he can , but he won 't kill the old couple . Tooms didn 't remain a secret for 1 00 years by not being careful . Think ofhim as an animal . He kills out ofnecessity or self-defense . Ifhe makes an attempt , I 'll be there . I 'll keep surveillance with you . Ifhe can 't be tied to recent evidence go to the earlier murders to prove it was him . That was 30 or 60 years ago . There 's no statute oflimitation on murder . That 's going to entail unorthodox methods ofinvestigation . Ifyou 're resistant becauseyou don 't believe I 'll respect that , but ifyou 're resistant because ofbureaucratic pressure , they 've not only reeled you in they 've skinned you . ( Door Opening ) Arlan : I hopeyou 'll be comfortable , Eugene . The room in the back is small but I 'm sureyou 'll be able to squeeze in . Tooms : I 'm sure . ( Growling And Snarling ) Excuse me . Could you help me find my dog ? He 's a Norwegian elkhound . His name is Heinrich . I use him to hunt moose . IfTooms gets away now then the next time he takes a life you 'll be nearly my age . Detective Briggs , you helped us so much before . Now we have to prove that Tooms was involved in the killings you investigated 30 years ago . You 've lived with this case halfyour life . There must be something . Maybe a connection between the victims . Now , I know that we 've seen all ofthe evidence but is there anything , anything at all amongst the evidence that does not fit ? There was something that never did sit quite right with me . All ofthe victims that I investigated in ' 63 were found at the crime scene , liver extracted . All five . As were the four most recent murders . When I was a sheriff during the Powhatan Mills killings of 1 933 only four ofthe victims were found at the crime scene . However , there was a fifth person who was missing and never found but this- - this was discovered at the Ruxton Chemical Plant when it was under construction . But it doesn 't belong to the othervictims . That doesn 't prove it belongs to a person murdered byTooms . I 'm positive Tooms hid this one victim because something about the body could prove he was the killer . - What makes you positive ? - A hunch . An old-fashioned hunch . You 've got to trust your instincts . And what does your instinct say about where Tooms buried the body ? In the cement where they poured the foundation ofthe chemical plant . ( MachineryWhirring ) Scully : Ground-penetrating radar . It bounces signals off ofobjects or cavities . Tells you where the body is . Well , it signals ifsomething inordinate is present . An experienced operator attempts to differentiate ifthe signal is a body or a stone or a hole in the ground . - Differentiate . - Mm-hmm . You mean he guesses . Well , it 's an educated guess . Mm-hmm . How are we doing ? Well , it 's really hard to tell . It 's here . Here ! What is it ? It 's here ! It 's right here ! ( Deep Breath ) ( Jackhammer Hammering ) Agent Scully ! Look at this . ( Computer Keyboard Clicking ) Woman : Robotoddler 's finally sleeping . I 'm gonna watch TV in bed . Okay . ( Vehicle Approaching ) ( Baby Crying ) I 'm coming , honey . Mommy 's right here . Shh , shh . Screw it . ( Grunts ) ( Knocking ) Christine : Honey , would you go down and get that ? ( Sighs ) F.B.I. - I suspect an intruder in your house . - What ? Someone opened mywindow . I suspect theyear ofdeath to be in the mid-1 930s . Anterior surface ofthe right femurwas green indicating a long-term exposure to copper so we concentrated on the area and we found several pennies . 1 933 , ' 31 , 1 933 . Can you determine cause ofdeath ? My instinct says that burial in cement is murder . Uh , no . At the moment I have found no definite proofofmurder . There are gnawing marks near the ribs . However , I suspect that 's the result ofrodent activity prior to the body being set in the cement . We need to see much more ofthe remains to determine cause ofdeath . As you know , it 's a slow , but necessary process . I did try a little something . It 's a little premature ifwe 're going by the book . Well , we 'll keep it offthe record . Good . Thankyou . The old man , Mr. Briggs , he gave me a photo ofthe missing person in ' 33 suspected ofbeing a murdervictim . I ran a computer-assisted photographic superimposition on what we have ofthe skull . This is not official but that skeleton was that person . It 's not enough . It doesn 't tie it to Tooms . Well , it 's a start . Mulder , it 's getting a bit ripe in here , don 'tyou think ? ( Sniffs ) ( Plastic Wrapper Crinkling ) Pine scented . ( Sniffs ) Whew ! ( Sniffs ) Better ? Tooms hasn 't come out ofthe house all day . I sat through a Phillies game , an Orioles game and four hours of Ba-Ba-Booey . When it got dark , I took a walk around the block . Doyou have that sandwich I asked you to bring ? It 's liverwurst . Ha-ha . Mulder , you know that proper surveillance requires two pairs ofagents- - one pair relieving the other after 1 2 hours . Article 30 , paragraph 8.7 ? This isn 't about doing it by the book . This is aboutyou not having slept for three days . You 're going to get sloppy and you 're going to get hurt . A request for other agents to stake out Tooms would be denied . Well , then I 'll stay here . You go home . ( Sighs ) They 're out to put an end to the X-files , Scully . I don 't know why , but any excuse will do . I don 't really care about my record butyou 'd be in trouble just sitting in this car and I 'd hate to seeyou carry an official reprimand in your career file because ofme . - Fox . - ( Chuckles ) And I ... I even made my parents call me Mulder . So ... Mulder . Mulder , I wouldn 't put myself on the line for anybody butyou . Ifthere 's an iced tea in that bag , could be love . Must be fate , Mulder . Root beer . You 're delirious . Go home and get some sleep . Here . Take my sandwich . I only had one bite . You 're going to want it later . And call me ifanything happens , immediately . I 'll be here . Oh , and 1 1 : 30 , station 790- - Pete Rose Late Night Sports Talk radio show . Wouldn 't miss it for the world . ( Car Starts ) It has worked , hasn 't it ? You 'll be all right now . I know it 's worked ! ( Screams ) Yeah , they found him out cold in the street . He 's been beaten up pretty badly . Contusions , multiple lacerations . Shoulder 's been pulled right out ofjoint . Let 's get him prepped for some blood work and X rays . Orderly : Yes , Doctor . He 's been kicked in thejaw and it may be fractured . Look , there 's a partial shoe print . I want to get a photo ofthat . We might be able to find the shoe that matches it later . Doyou know who did this toyou ? ( Whispering ) We 'll be right back , Mr. Tooms . Says it was an F.B.I. agent named Mulder . So would you say he 's delusional orjust schizophrenic ? Well , it 'sjust a cursory exam , but there 's nothing to indicate that . ( Grunts ) ( Knocking ) ( Sighs ) - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah . What 's going on ? What 's this about ? Agent Mulder , getyour things . You 're in some trouble . These are serious allegations . The evidence is incriminating . A good forensic scientist would know there is not only a shoe print but also an impact point ofa foot from inside the shoe . An analysis ofTooms ' injurywould show that my foot was not inside the shoe . Areyou suggesting Tooms is framing you ? - Ofcourse . - Ifyou were engaged in an unauthorized surveillance ofTooms how could he gain access toyour shoe withoutyou seeing him ? Sir ? I was engaged in the unauthorized surveillance as well and Agent Mulder was orienting me on the situation at the time Tooms was admitted into the hospital . Agent Mulder could not have done it because he was with me . Agent Scully , you wouldn 't be lying to me , would you ? Sir , I would expectyou to place the same trust in me as I do in you . Agent Scully , may I have a word with Agent Mulder , please ? Fox ... you are one ofthe finest , most unique agents in the nearly 60-year history ofthis institution . I mean , we were talking aboutyou when you were in the academy . Now , most ofus feel thatyour talents are wasted on the X-files but we respect thatyou 're deeply invested in those areas . But ifthese cases are creating such stress as to cause not onlyyou to act inappropriately but those agents close toyou as well then may I adviseyou to step away ... for a while ? Clearyour head , take an extended vacation . That 's a good idea . Thanks foryour concern . You 're forbidden to go near Eugene Tooms . Mulder ... this was close . Any closer and a thousand friends at the capitol won 't be able to helpyou . Scully : These are Eugene Tooms ' dental X rays obtained from the Druid Hills Sanitarium . Your sandwich gave me an idea . Dr. Plith mentioned he found gnawing on the rib cage near the location ofthe liver . Further excavation revealed more pronounced bite marks- - human teeth marks . Tooms will nevervoluntarily submit to a dental cast . This software can create an exact three-dimensional model ofTooms ' mouth from the dental radiograph . We 've also mapped out the bite marks on the skeleton 's rib , there . They match . ( Knocking ) - Eugene , Dr. Monte . - Hi , Eugene . I wanted to see how everything was going . Arlan : Susan and I are going out for the evening . Thanks . Great place . Wonderful place . How areyou feeling ? Why the newspapers strips , Eugene ? Areyou making some paper-mache ? - Yes . - That 's terrific . Wonderful . I had no idea you were interested in art . I like art . I do too , and I 'm very proud ofyou . You know , art can provide a window toyour thoughts and your feelings . What areyou doing , Eugene ? Eugene , areyou all right ? ( Dr. Monte Screaming ) That makes five . - He 's building his nest . A 30-year hibernation . - Where would he go ? Where he 's gone for the last 90 years : 66 Exeter Street . - No , they tore down that apartment building he lived in . - What 's there now ? Mulder : Thanks . He 's got to be here . Ifhe is drawn to this location for some reason maybe this nest is in the approximate location ofthe previous nest . This is the area . There 's a storage facility on the second foor . What ? Scully : There 's only room for one . You can get the next mutant . Mulder ! ( Growling ) Mulder ! ( Growling ) Mulder ! Here . Take my hand ! Come on . You can reach it ! Mulder ! Mulder , what 's happening ? Quick ! ( Growling ) ( Screaming ) You read this report ? Doyou believe them ? Ofcourse I do . Okay . Let 's go . It 's amazing how things change , isn 't it ? The caterpillar ? No . A change for us . It 's coming . How doyou know ? A hunch .
