 SCRAMBLE , SCRAMBLE . All hands on deck , emergency drill , scramble ! Er , perhaps you didn 't catch that . I said SCRAMBLE ! Yeah , that 'll be great with bacon and beans , man . Look , Starbug is a blazing inferno , the engine room is waist deep in rocket fuel and we 're being attacked off the starboard bow by an unidentified craft ! Really ? No , of course not really . It 's a drill . We 're pretending that Starbug is on fire and under attack . And I 'm pretending to scramble , man . Look , you 've got 30 seconds to get out of bed or I 'm declaring you officially dead . Good , then we can rest in peace . Congratulations , scrambling in a red alert situation , a new record time ... 1 hour 17 minutes and 39 seconds . Check your screens , I 'm getting something up my left nostril and it 's coming in fast . Umm , scans are all negative . At the risk of challenging your olfactory excellence sir , perhaps a resmelling is in order . I 'm telling you bud , my nostril hairs are shimmying faster than a grass skirt on a fat Hawaain hula hoop champion . There 's something out there . Scans still dry . Wait a minute , getting something . Major power surge off the port bow . He 's right . Some kind of vessel . It appears to be uncloaking . He 's too damn close . That power surge 'll toss us around like we 're a bead of sweat in an aerobic teacher 's buttock cleavage . Hang on here it comes . Damage report ! Superficial , navicomps down , slight rupture in fuel pipe 9 ... and somehow the pilot 's headset has got jammed on the country and western channel . Second wave coming ! What 's he thinking of , warping that close to another vessel . DAMN SPACE HOG . My god , that 's a Space Corp external enforcement vehicle . What ? The space filth ! A computer controlled enforcement probe . It 's scanning us now . Incoming . Property corp space removing , and equipment corp space damaging , ships corp space of series a looting with charged formerly are you . The materialization must have scrambled it 's voice unit . It 's making about as much sense as a Japanese VCR instruction manual . Plead do you how ? It 's in reverse . How _ do _ you _ plead ? How do we plead to what ? It 's charging us with looting space corp derelicts . But we don 't loot space corp derelicts . We just hack our way in and swipe what we * need * . If this goes to trial , I demand seperate lawyers . What 's the penalty for this ? If it means wearing outfits with arrows on , I 'm committing suicide . Er , no sir . It means wearing outfits with wings and haloes on , sir . The penalty is execution . Yeah . But if we admit it it 'll blow us out of the stars . Reccomendations ? Suggest I take the rap for everyone sir . You can say I held you at gunpoint and forced you to do my evil bidding . For god 's sake , Kryten , we can 't let you do that ! Really ? Dream on , metal trash . Get your hands in the air and step into that searchlight . Minute one have you . No choices then , we leg it . Plot a course for scarper city . Sir , a class A enforcement orb can easily outrun us . Take a look at your screens . We 're 7 klicks away from the Gelf Zone . It wouldn 't follow us in there in a gazillion years . No , because gelfs are untrustworthy scavengers with no regard for life , law or property . Right ! So we 'll be safe . Lister , you 've heard the stories ! They skin human beings alive and turn them into bean bags ! Unless you want a triple buttocked gelf sitting on your face for the rest of eternity and probing your crevices for lost forks and biros , I suggest you rethink . It 's the lesser of two evils sir , in the absence of any sane plan , I suggest we go with Mr Lister 's . Seconds 20 in firing commence will I , reply a of absence in . Roughly translated ... Hit the reheat . You don 't have to tell me twice . Cat man , hit the reheat ! Oh sorry . Looks like you do have to tell me twice . Firing commence will I or halt . In which case ... boneybuts our move lets ! Close comms . Comms closed . Gelf zone , 6 klicks and closing . Weapon lock registered . Pulse missile launched . Impact in 10 seconds . That 's it . We 're platform shoes , man . Firing chaffe . Firing flares . Brace for impact . Missed us ! Warning shot across the bows . We won 't be so fortunate next time . Another lock , this time it won 't be a warning shot . Incoming pulse fire . Decoys launched . It 's not going to be enough . 6 seconds to impact . We 've got to try and shake them off . We 've lost it ! Sorry . I was looking at the wrong panel . Damage Report ! It 's bad , looks like Starbugs been hit . Details , halibut breath ! Well according to the damage report machine , there 's several small fires in the cockpit , lots of smoke and the navicomp 's fizzing . Oh damn , now the damage report machine has exploded . * Another * lock on ! This one 's to finish us off . How far to the Gelf Zone ? Klick and a half . We 've lost 3 fuel tanks , there 's barely enough to get us stable . Wait ! I 'm picking something up . Got it , putting it on visual . Look at that thing , it must be a mile and a half across . A Gelf icon carved out of solid rock . It must be some kind of warning beacon . Incoming message . Karn nes eh ping . Wah twah morah . Running it through the translator . This is gelf space . Death to the strangers . Pulse missile launch impact in 12 seconds and counting . Cat , head for the eye socket . The eye socket ? Just do it ! Eight seconds . It 's solid rock . Three seconds .. two ... one . It 's waist high down there , but at least I managed to get the pumps working . 3 hours and we 'll be dry . Thrusters , boosters , reheat , auto-repair can take care of everything , except for the oxygeneration unit which is totally kaputzki . So you 're telling me we can take off but we can 't breath ? And we can 't repair it ? It 's a black and charred mess , worse than one of Lister 's drunken fry-ups . Well , we 're snookered . Unless we go out and trade with the gelfs . Trade ? You can 't be serious . Sir , it does appear to be our only option . I will tell them we are traders in search of an engine part and that we have many rare treasures to trade . Kinitawowi nhich nhichce histan kanoa nakoo bacoo . Nuyer neeal deg dayer . Look , look what we got . We got ehmm , swiss watches , nice watches . Levi jeans ! . Hey ! A hat , look at this . Hehehey nice hat . Cigar ? Cool dude ! Err , might I suggest caution sir , some gelfs have their sphinctral orifices in their faces . Let 's hope you haven 't offended him . No , he seems quite pleased . We need an oxygeneration unit , savvy ? Uhh , unh ? Agi gan bachwoo machuwahwah Alees tada . Cat , get the case man . It seems to be going well . What is that thing ? It 's an emohawk sir . A polymorph that is spayed at birth and is half domesticated . It 's trained to change shape at it 's owners behest like all polymorphs it 's an emotional leech , it has the ability to steal emotions from living creatures . Emotions are a highly valued trading commodity . Ahh , the oxygeneration unit . Looks like they are ready to fix a price . I thought we 'd already fixed a price with all the bangles and baubles we 'd given them . Oh no sir , that was just for the honour of entering their watunga , or hut . The bartering proper begins now . Rec raht wig dig ana tut pata . Oh dear . What ? What , you want my hat ? Ahg nu dewka ana weg bah . My jacket ? You want my * jacket * ? No sir , he doesn 't want your jacket . He doesn 't want my longjohns does he ? Not your longjohns either sir . Well what then ? Ahg nu dewka ana weg bah . * ME * ! He wants me ? Yes sir , he says in exchange for the oxygeneration unit he wants * you * to be his daughter 's mate . * That 's * his daughter ? One of three . Apparently sir * she 's * the looker . Tell him , not if she was the last water yeti lookalike in the world and I was the only boy . Oh , come on , Lister , you 've dated worse . Only due to very poor disco lighting . Ana beg ewitah og iy con nich kawal bah . He says : no wedding , no O G unit . Panta anag ew , panta wa ah . Hmm yes , he 's giving us 5 hanaka to decide . How long 's a hanaka ? Curiously enough it 's exactly the same as one Earth minute . Five hanaka ? That only give us 28 hours ! OK , let 's get out our sheet music and play the real waltz . Sir , they are a proud people and will not change their minds unless you are prepared to stay here and marry hackhackhack ach hachhachach . That 's her name ? I could never settle down with anyone who 's name sounds like a footballer clearing his nose . The plan is obvious . * We * do the trade , * you * go through with the wedding , when everybody is asleep we come back and rescue you . What do you say ? Not a chance in hell ! Ana dok kaz , ana dok wah , hea . I do . Ana zun keh , zun keh atta . What 's he saying ? Erh , you may kiss the bride sir . What , without a bag ? Don 't be strangers guys . Seeya * soon * . Drop in * any * time , any time . Hcanibey yech , onigon yech . Well darling , what a day I 'm pooped , straight to sleep for me . Nee bonnen nic parnin . Maybe in the morning , goodnight . You 've been looking forward to this , haven 't you ? Nack hey . OK , just give me a couple of minutes . I want to slip into something a little more comfortable ... it 's called Starbug . CHANGE OF PLAN LEG IT ! Wait ! Somethings coming . It 's the emohawk ! What happened ? Where did it go ? It must have transmuted into something else . Suggest we proceed with extreme caution . It 's somewhere close I can smell it . IT 'S THE STICK ! AAGH ! Oh , no it 's not . Oh god , I 'm so jumpy , I thought it was the stick . IT * IS * THE STICK Where is it now ? It 's gone off into the undergrowth . Cat , you know what they 're like . Stay on the case . Don 't pick anything up . Unbelievable gettimg suckered like that . 100 percent concentration at all times . Yeah , yeah , yeah . That 's it : we 're airtight . Damn thing can 't get in now . And all it took was a little bit of concentration . How long before we can go ? We don 't really want a visit from Listy 's in-laws demanding their wedding present back . It 'll take an hour or so to get the oxygeneration unit set up , but suggest we take off now sir and use emergency supplies until the O G unit 's on line . What if it doesn 't work ? Then Cat and Mr Lister will choke to death . A plan with no drawbacks . Time we fitted that O G unit . Kryters ! I 'm on my way sir . That smell is still driving me crazy . I 've gotta wash my hands . Transfering to auto . It 's stolen my cool , it 's taken all my style . I need a mirror . I got no grace , no elan , no poise . What 's it turned me into ? Duane Dibbley ? DUANE DIBBLEY ! AAAH ! What is it ? I heard noises . Look what it did to me , it 's turned me into Duane Dibbley , the Duke of Dork . Oh my god , where is it ? I lost it , it came in here somewhere . Can you smell it ? The only scent I 'm getting is extra strong spot cream and the dandruff shampoo that doesn 't work . It could be anywhere , it could be anything . Trust nothing . It may have outsmarted you , but it 's going to have to get up pretty damn early in the AM to outsmart Arnie J. Is that a new gun ? I don 't recall seeing it before . The gun , the emohawk 's the gun . God that was close . I hope you 're right , ' cos if you 're not , we just flushed away our only gun . Just leave the thinking to me , keyboard teeth . Lister , Kryten , the cat was right . We had brought the emohawk on board , but lucky for you guys old iron buck was around to sort it out ... that 's wierd , there 's something wrong with this microphone . It 's not transmitting . Are you OK sir ? It 's removing my bitterness , taking my negativity , slurping out all my snidieness . It 's gone now sir , it 's OK to come out . Looks like we both bought a bite from the blighter . Let 's track it down before it harms Kryters or Dave . I 'm afraid this means death for both of us , but that 's a small price to pay to save our chummies , eh ? What a guy . Listen , before we leave I just gotta change these clothes . If I don 't get into some sideways ironed flares and transparent plastic sandles , I swear I 'll go crazy . Do what you have to old chum . I 'll go tell them we 're having a party . What was that ? The hydraulic lock sir , we 're sealed in . It won 't override . I 've sealed you in the engine room , Dave . Afraid me and the Cat have taken a bit of a nip from the emohawk . You what ? It 's on board ? It 's taken my bitterness and Cat 's cool . He 's in a helluva shape , he 's looking so geeky he probably couldn 't even get into a science fiction convention . And the emohawk is still on the loose ? We 've got it pinned down in the obs room . Well let us in , you need all the help you can get . No-one I 'd rather have with me in a fracas , Dave , but you 're the last human being alive , old love , and frankly you 're just too damn valuable to risk . Only one way to guarantee victory for the home eleven : I 'm going to open the airlock . Suck the little perisher out into deep space . But sir , that would also kill you and the Cat ! He won 't suffer , Kryters ; I 'll snap his neck when he 's not looking . Won 't feel a thing . Believe me , he 'd want it this way . But sir , if we could capture the creature we could extract the DNA strands and re-inject you both . Restore your former personalities . Too risky Krytey . Anyway , I don 't think I could face becoming * him * again . Everyone has his limits . Fellas , smoke me a kipper , I 'll be back for breakfast . What a guy ! But sir , we 've got to save them from themselves , their minds are totally distorted , the Cat 's a complete yutz and Mr Rimmer 's ... well ... * nice * . Charge up the bazookoids . We 'll blast our way in . Ready old chum ? Just let me check . Thermos , sandwiches , corn plasters , telephone money , dandruff brush , animal footprint chart and one triple thick condom , you never know ! OK Duane , let 's step into the airlock and get part 2 of the plan underway . Oh , what plan is this ? Just step in there , Duane . So , what precisely is the plan ? I think you 'll find it a little more comfortable if you stand in front of me . Why are we in this airlock ? Just relax old chum . I 'm sending you on ahead . * I 'm * the scout party ? Dave , you crazy fool . We 're all set to save your bacon , there 's no need for you to sling your love spuds on the barbeque . Sir , our best chance is to tackle the emohawk together . Yeah , one squirt of liquid dillinium , it 'll freeze it exactly where it stands in whatever shape it 's in . OK fellas , let 's go . Looks like it 's lasered it 's way back into the engine rooms . Probably looking for you two gents , let 's go . According to the psi scan it 's somewhere in this location . IT 'S THE BARREL ! Sorry , false alarm . That chain . IT 'S MOVING ! Sorry , sorry . Sir , try and remain calm , you 're experiencing a classic knee-jerk paranoid reaction to a terror situation , it 's essential at this time that we ... IT 'S THE WALL ! Shame overload . I .. I ... I , sorry . This is impossible , how can we find something that can disguise itself as anything ? How can we lure it out ? Worry ye not Davey boy , it 'll strike soon enough . Oops , I dropped my thermos . Eh , excuse me sirs . Gentlemen , I think we have a suspect . I got it ! I got it ! Oh , it turned into a grenade , but I got it ! Toss it away chum . I can 't throw , I throw like a geek ! Just chuck it . It 's gonna blow . Leave this to me Davey boy . Smoke me a kipper , I 'll be ... Freeze it Davey boy . But , sir how did you know it wouldn 't damage your hard light drive ? Didn 't Kryters , just trying to protect you chaps . Well sir , better get you back to normal . Would it be possible for me to stay like this for another 24 hours before I have to return as * that * ghastly maggot ? It 's the least we can do to thank you sir . And you , Cat , would you like to stay as Duane ? Suck my thermos ! I hate being the prince of dorkness , you never know when the next clutzy thing 's going to ... Oop ... What a Dibbley !
