 Maybe it 's the moonlight but I 've got to admit you 're looking pretty good for a corpse . Philip , I can explain everything . Let me save you the trouble . It was you that planned Pallisters murder , but your twin sister Maxine squibbed him off . You decided to take the rap , knowing you had the perfect alibi in me . That 's why you came on so strong that night : Play me for the dumb sap I am . Philip , it wasn 't like that , not with you . Oh yeah ? So what you going to do , turn me in ? Watch me do the sit down dance in the electric chair at Sing Sing ? No , sweetlips , I 'm gonna let you kiss me . Sir I think you should come and take a look at this . Sir it really is quiet urgent . I want you Loretta , I want you body next to mine . I want you like you were that Tuesday night . Kiss me . Honestly , you haven 't been off this machine in a month ! Choose you character . OHHHGGHHH , honestly , I just want to talk to him . Ohhh anything , Sammy the Squib , crack shot with Tommy gun , engage . So frivolous ! Mr Lister sir ? Hmmm , curious . Hi Kryten . What are you doing here ? Sir , I 've just got the results of the chemical scan , I 've discovered minute amounts of millenium oxide in the local vicinity . Couldn 't be more pleased for you . See you in an hour . Sir , I believe we 've wandered accidentally into a rogue simulant hunting zone . That would explain the devastation on the derelicts where we picked up this very game . Philip , who is it ? Ohhh , it 's Sammy the Squib . Orrrhh , good evening Miss . Don 't kill me Sammy , I 'll do anything , kill him . I 'll come away with you Sammy , it 'll be just like the old days . I never stopped loving you Sammy . Kiss me . You 're trash , aren 't you ? I 'm programmed to be trash . Sir , you have to turn off the AR console . We have to close down and continue on silent running in order to avoid detection . Ten minutes . Sir . Five minutes . I 'll keep my hat on . Now . Philip ? I 'll be back sweetlips . Stay bad . Kryten , you are a total gooseberry . Next time I play on the AR machine I 'm going to give you some money and send you to the pictures . At last , we have silent running . OK , long range scanners are down , the only early warning we 've got is you . Stay alert . OK bud , I 'll keep my nose peeled . You took your time . Where 've you been ? I was in the AR machine . Again ? What 'd you mean again ? Everyone knows you only use the AR machine to have sex . That is not true . Yes , true . It 's pathetic watching you grind away day after day . It 's like a dog that 's missing it 's masters leg . What 's all the hullabaloo ? We 've wandered into rouge simulant country . Bio-mechanical killers created for a war that never took place . Some of them escaped the dismantelling programme and now they prowl around deep space searching for a quarry worthy of their mettle . I say we should abandon the pursuit of Red Dwarf and flee from the zone . Give up the chase ? Are you kidding ? Wait , my nose is getting something . Powering up . Scanners report a battle class cruiser on intercept . It 's rougue simulants all right . Recommend immediate total and unequivical surrender . Sir , surrender is the worst thing we could do . They despise humans and all forms of humanoid life . They believe you to be the vermin of the universe sir . I didn 't know they 'd met him . Getting a message . Punching it up . State your species and purpose . One of us will have to speak to them . Who 's the least human looking ? Listy , the mike 's all yours . Wait a minute . I 've got an idea . Stall them with static . Kryten mid-section . Cat , you too . Why do you delay ? State your species and purpose . You have one minute . Lister , what the hell are you doing ? Wait a minute , nearly ready ... OK , stand by to transmit . Incoming . I am Tarka Dall , an ambassador of the great Vindaloovian Empire . Scanners report a human life on your vessel . Is this so ? Humans ! The Vindaloovian People despise all humans . They are the vermin of the Universe . Is that not right Bindi Baji ? You bet , we hate them . Scum , scum , scum , scum , scum ! The Vinadloovian Empire is pledged to exterminate them all . We will not rest until out task is completed . Errrrrr , Lister . Hi . How 's it going Bud ? A human , a humanoid , a hologrammatical human and a mechanoid who is a slave to humans . I had hoped for so much more . I 've no idea who you are , but boarding this vessel is an act of war . Ergo , we surrender . Primitive ! You will be no sport at all . I have no alternative . How long have we been out ? According to the navicomp , three weeks . Strange .. the drive interface has been upgraded , and so have the engines . And if this readout is correct , we 've been armed . Laser cannons . They 've totally upgraded the whole ship . They 've even got rid of the squeak on the seat tilt control . We have made some improvements to your craft . Now at least you may prove to be of some small amusement . You have two Earth minutes before we attack . Let 's get out of here . Wait , I know this game . It 's called cat and mouse , and there 's only one way to win ; don 't be the mouse . What are you saying ? I 'm saying , the mouse never wins . Not unless you believe those lying cartoons . We don 't run , we strike . It 's the last thing they 'll be expecting . No , the last thing they 'll be expecting is for us to turn into ice skating mongooses and to dance the Bolero . And your plan makes about as much sense . I say go with it . Agreed . You 're going to go with one of my plans ? Are you nuts ? What happens if we all get killed ? I 'll never hear the last of it ! What are they doing ? Power up the weapons ! Nailed them . Fluke hit . Take them with us . Can 't return fire . Hack into their navigation computer . Transmit the Armageddon Virus . What is it ? The navicomp , something 's wrong . See you in Silicon Hell . Shutdown all network links . The navicomp has been infected with a virus . The navicomp has frozen us out , we 're locked on this course . If we carry on ahead at this speed , how long before we hit trouble ? Well if you define trouble as a rather large moon directly in our path , about 38 minutes . Sir , the only solution is for me to contract the virus myself , analyze it 's structure and attempt to create a software antidote before it wipes out my core program . Do I have your permission to sacrifice myself , sirs ? Do Lemmings like cliffs ? Granted ! I am going to have to create a dove program . Dove program ? A dove program spreads peace through the system , obliterating the viral cells as it goes . The virus is extremely complex . I will have to dedicate all my run time to its solution . Shutting down all non essential systems . Is there anything we can do ? Can we help ? Watch my dreams . Twenty three minutes to impact . Any changes ? Getting worse . Weaker and weaker . We 're getting something . What is this ? I think we 've tapped directly into whatever passes for Kryten 's sub-concious . Why 's he a Sheriff in some old western ? Must be how his core program is coping with the battle against the virus . For whatever reason it 's converted the struggle into some kind of dream . Well , well , well sheriff , fancy seeing a man of your sober disposition in a low down drinking establishemnt . Now , now boys , I don 't want any trouble . Just doing my rounds . You shouldn 't ought to have done that Jimmy . Why don 't you try it , Sheriff . They say you used to be faster than a toilet stop in rattlesnake country . Sorry I tripped over your boot there Mr Jimmy sir . Arrrhhheeemm . Didn 't mean any harm by it . Give me two fingers of your best sipping liquor , Miss Lola , and make it the smooth stuff . The stuff where you get your eyesight back after two days . Guaranteed . The Apocalypse boys is here . They 's asking for you , Sheriff . I 'll be right out . I don 't believe I 've had the pleasures , sirs . The name 's Death . And these here 're my brothers . Brother War ... Brother Famine ... and Brother Pestilence . Well , you seem like a nice neighbourly bunch of boys . How can I be of service ? We want your sorry ass out of here . You got one hour . Twice in one lifetime ! When you 're hot , you 're hot . If we link up the artificial reality console to Kryten 's mind , we should be able to project directly into his dream state like it was a normal computer game . What did I tell you ? We don 't even have to leave the room ! What about me ? We 'll shut all extraneous systems and power up your hard light drive . Come on guys , lets get these wagons rolling . There we go , I 've loaded in some characters from an AR western game . Choose a player from 1 to 3 . Two . Here you go , you 're the Riveria Kid , special skills ace gun slinger . Rimsy ? Uno . One . Dangerous Dan McGrew , special skills , bare fist fighting . Which leaves me with Brett Riverboat , knife man . And we definitely can 't get hurt ? No , it 's just like a normal computer game , you can get out at anytime . There 's a button on the inside of the glove , when you want to get out , just clap . OK , Riveria , OK Dangerous . Lets mosey on into town . I 've seen Westerns , I know how to speak cowboy . Dry white wine and Perrier please . And what about you two chaps ? Rimmer , what westerns have you seen ? Butch Accountant and the Yuppie Kid ? Leave this to me , this sounds like one for the Riveria Kid ! Ehhh , Senorita , re-tequila por favor . Very smooth . I was expecting something with a little more kick to it . I don 't suppose you 've got any ginger ale mixers . I 'll take that as a no then , I 'll have it neat . Sorry , what were the choices again ? You 'll have to forgive our friend , he 's a souple of Gunmen short of a posse . OK . You 're a fat bearded git with breath that could knock-out a grizzly . Take the lot , man . Rimmer , what is wrong with you ? Relax ! You said yourself , Lister , no-one can hurt us . Besides , you 're forgetting : I 'm Dangerous Dan McGrew , Bare Fist Fighter Extra-ordinaire . Here Lola , all my valuables are in this here box . You can have it all for one bottle of mind rotter . Mr Sad Git or what ? Kryten it 's us , man . Sorry friend , I don 't believe I 've had the pleasure . Kryten , don 't you know who we are , why you 're here ? You 're fighting an electronic virus , you 're trying to create a dove program . Some sort of software antidote to wipe it out . I 'll drink to that . Listen to him pooch head , the virus is winning , you 've got to get your head together and start fighting it . Want a drink Sheriff ? Why don 't you come and take one ? Now now Jimmy , there 's no need to be going make me look foolish . Come on Sheriff , jump ! You can get higher than that ! Leave him alone . Just having a little fun , Mr Swankypants . The names Brett Riverboat , knifeman . Let 's see how good you are . Son of a ... Frank , Nuke , line his lungs with lead . Who in the heck are you ? The call me the Kid , the Riveria Kid ! Well , Riveria Kid , let 's see if your shooting is a fancy as your dancing . He shot the damn bullets out of the air ! Well , it 's been mighty dandy meeting you boys , but if I 'm not out of here by sun-up the buzzards will be fighting the lizards for my gizzards . If he leaves town , we 're dead . Stop him ! Marvellous . Hey buddy ! Hold it ! You gotta stay ! This is a job for the Riveria Kid ! But boys you don 't understand , I 've got to leave . Look it 's ten to Death . OK , we 've got ten minutes to sober him up and get him in shape . Come on . This is it Kryten , the answer 's in these guns somehow . Doves , dove program . I don 't know , I really don 't know . Wait , somethings coming back now . You sir . Whenever I look at you I get an image of curry and early morning breath that could cut through bank vaults . You sir . There 's something familiar about you too , I get a name , SmmmEE , SmmEEgGG HHHeeeDD . Smeghead ? That 's it ! He remembers me . The guns Kryten , do the guns mean anything to you ? Something , they mean something ... if only I had more time . PSSSTTT , company . Got yourself a little help there , Sheriff ? Now I remember you . You 're a computer virus , travelling from machine to machine , overwriting the core program . Have infection , will travel : that 's me . Lets see if we can 't tip the balance here a little ... What is he doing ? He 's stalling . He 's spotted us for what we are , a bunch of mean macho bad ass desperados . We 're going to kick his boney butt clean across the town . Enjoy the show . Who 's got the guts to go with me one on one , hand to hand , mano a mano ? Damn , I 've lost my special skills . Rimmer , the virus has spread to the AR unit . We 've lost our special skills . Ahhh , Mr War sir , it would appear that due to circumstances completely beyond my control , there 's been a bit of a cock up in the bravado department . I may indeed have come across as being more brave than in fact I am . Exit , exit . We 're sealed in . Get the helmets off . It won 't move . Cat the back . I got one of my gloves off ... and a boot too . Ohh brilliant , now you 're paralysed compeletely down your left hand side . Ohhh , me nose ! I 've almost got it . You 're pulling my nose off ! Here it comes . The helmet 's coming off . We 're gonna cut you up so small the worms aren 't even going to have to chew . You can 't frighten me , I 'm always scared . LISTERRRRR ! What now ? It 's down to Kryten . Well Sheriff . Now it 's just little old you . I 'm not afraid Mr Death sir . I believe my friends have bought me enough time to complete the antidote program . Now , if you 'll forgive the rather confrontational imperative , go for your guns you scum sucking mollascs . I did it ! I created an antidote . Two minutes till impact . Come on ! How long will it take ? Just a few seconds . How long to impact ? Just a few seconds . Loading it up ... it 's going into the navicomp . Eight seconds . Seven . Nearly there . Five . Four . Three . Two . We 're not going to make it ! IMPACT . YEEEEEEHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
