 Gentlemen , thank you for attending the meeting . Now , let me begin by saying that it can 't have escaped anyone 's attention that things have been getting rather strained around here of late . It 's no secret that morale is on the floor . We 've lost all trace of Red Dwarf , tempers are strained . I don 't know about you but I certainly feel better . And thank you for your contributions , gentlemen . See you at next week 's morale meeting . Marvellous ! Good meeting . What 's eating him ? Well , I 'm no psychologist , sir , but maybe the bleak lonely pointless emptiness of our hopeless futile predicament is beginning to get to him . Autopilot alert . Storm front ahead . Switching to manual . It 's a big one , too late to go round ! It 's right on us ! Stellar fog - tightly-packed particles from an exploded supernova . Our scanners won 't be able to penetrate more than a few metres . Slowing to minimum . Gentlemen , absolute concentration til we get through this squall . There could be anything lurking out there . Don 't worry , bud . If there 's anything out there , we 'll spot it . Anyone hurt ? No , but my pride sure needs mouth-to-mouth . Mr. Lister , sir ! He 's out cold ! All stop . Let 's get him up to the obs room . How is he ? Not good , sir . Perhaps you 'd better look away . I know you can 't stand the sight of blood . Don 't worry , Kryten . It 's okay when it 's Lister 's . Impossible ! What ? Look ! Mr. Lister is a droid ! He 's a what ? There 's no doubt about it . He 's entirely mechanical , a 3000 series . Made in Taiwan . Look ! Look , he has a 24-hour callout number . This doesn 't tie up . If he wasn 't human , I 'd have known by his scent . X - rays confirm it . This is so strange . Mr. Lister 's always been an icon of mine , and now I found he 's an earlier model , and technically I outrank him . An earlier model ? Then how come he looks so much more sophisticated than you ? Sir , just because I have a head shaped like a freak formation of mashed potatoes does not mean that I am unsophisticated . Alright then , why does he look more realistically human ? Humans have always found exact duplicates rather disturbing , sir . The 3000 series was notoriously unpopular . Most of them were recalled . A few slipped the net and went undercover to make new lives in society . Do you think he knows ? Unlikely . He probably reprogrammed his own memory to escape detection . This is going to crack him up , devastate him ! Who 's going to tell him ? I 'll write you into my will if you let it be me . I suggest you leave this to me , sirs . I 'll have a talk with him droid-to-droid . Okay . We 'll get going and try to get out of this damn fog before it drains our solar batteries . What happened ? What hit us ? Something in the stellar fog , sir , didn 't show up on the scans . Sir , do you remember who your parents were ? Kryten , you know I don 't . I was found under a pool table , in a box . Did anyone ever tell you what was written on that box ? Were the words " kit " or " paint before assembly " written on the side ? It 's just that while you were under , wediscovered something rather disturbing about you . It 's that tatoo on me inner thigh , isn 't it ? Well , I don 't really love Peterson , he just got me so drunk that I didn 't know what I was doing . It 's not the tatoo , sir . There 's no easy way of breaking this gently . I 'm afraid , sir , you are not human . You 're a droid . I 'm a what ? You 're a mechanical , 3000 series . Technically subordinate to me ! What does this all mean ? Well , in broad terms , I get the front seat in the cockpit , and you 're in charge of the laundry ! Kryten ; And I want to see creases ! Kryten , have a heart , man . I 'm in major stress-related shock here. overload . You 're a droid , you don 't have real emotions . It 's just syntha-shock . Now stop thinking like a human and go about your duties . Kryten , Why are you being so heartless ? I looked after you . You encouraged me to break my programming and ape human behaviour . Now I find out you 're no better than I ! But worst of all , the most bitter pill to swallow , for four long years , I had to hand-scrub the gussets of your longjohns . Now , unless you want to wallow in the eternal fires of Silicon Hell , I suggest you bring a tray of refreshments up to the cockpit , pronto ! What was the jolt ? It 's a mystery , bud . Nothing on the scanners , nothing on visual . It 's like we 've gone through some sort of energy pocket . Still , it looks like we 're out of it now . Better run a crosscheck and see if this phenomena is mentioned in of our databases . Tea , all ! Sorry I took so long but I didn 't know where anything was . Let me see that tray , please . Why ? That 's " why , Mr. Kryten sir " ... You call those triangular sandwiches ? Did you use a z-square ? I think not ! And the chocolate fingers display is laughable . Don 't just pile them higgledy-piggledy onto the plate . Make them into an attractive interlaced log cabin structure or something . This will just not do ! Kindly return to the gallery and start again . Okay ... sir . This doesn 't feel right ... Not right at all ... What a charlatan all these years . Any idea what hit us yet ? Wait , wait , here 's something . Reports of artificial stellar fogs which contain reality mindfields . Reality what ? Bubbles or pockets of unreality which when encountered create false realities designed to disorient and drive off potential looters . From what ? It 's a defence device fitted to space corp test ships which are fitted with prototype drives so awesome in their power that they have to be safeguarded at all costs . So we just crashed through an unreality pocket ? Which created a false reality making us believe Mr. Lister was ... Oh my ... You mean he 's not a ... No ... Tea 's upstairs . Sir , I , ah ... What do you think of the picket fence ? I 'm not happy with it meself . But I 'll go away and do it again if you want . Sir , may I see your arm ? Smeg ! It looks normal - human ! Someone else tell him . I 've got gussets to scrub ! Starbug is small . We can probably pick our way through without hitting any more unreality bubbles . Someone 's gone to plenty big trouble to keep space craft out of here , and it 's got to be worth finding out why . But how can we guarantee we 'll - - We hit one ! - We hit one ! That 's what I said . Where 's the Cat ? I 'm here . They 've taken the Cat ! He 's gone ! I 'm not gone - I 'm here ! Someone just erased him from existence . Then how come we still remember him ? Remember who ? I don 't remember . Hey buds , don 't do this to me ! You can 't forget me . I 'm unforgettable ! I don 't get this ! We 're passing through an unreality pocket and everything 's normal ! What do you mean everything 's normal ? I feel invisible ! This doesn 't make any sense ! All systems check . The three of us are here as normal . The four of us ! There 's four of us ! Look ! I 'm here ! Can 't you hear me , can 't you feel me ? We 're getting some bumping in ! Passing back into normal space . What are you doing ? Can you see me ? Of course I can see ya . You all forgot who I was . Don 't you remember ? This is too weird in here . Let 's quit while we can . What we have to do is keep our heads . Boy ! This is worse than triple-strength catnip ! The pockets are getting denser and closer together . We 're never going to ... make it ! We can 't take much more of this . Well , just ignore it . All these unreality pockets are designed to make you feel absurd and disorientated . He 's right ! Let 's just keep going and we 'll get out the other side . All ahead stop . We have got to talk . Kryten , how far would you say it is to the epicentre ? At our current speed , about another three days , sir . Okay , you win . Let 's get out of here . We successfully penetrated the mindfield , sir . We 're through to the epicentre . So what was it protecting ? Derelicts ! According to the computer , it 's from the 28th century . And it 's capable of time travel ? ! Crew ? All dead . This was the maiden voyage . They contracted an influenza virus on an incursion to the 20th century . Before they died , they programmed the autopilot for deep space and generated the mindfield to prevent the machine from falling into the wrong hands . Does this mean what I think it means ? We board it , strip out the drive - and bingo ! We 've got ourselves a time machine ! Let 's see if the sucker works ! Sirs , choose any year . Let 's go to someplace nice and safe and dull . How about 1422 ? How about 1421 ? What 's the difference ? No difference . I just wanted to make it look like I was paying attention . 1421 loaded , sir . August 17th . Engaging the time drive . Hey , we did it ! Indeed we did . All the ship 's chronometers indicate that this is August the 16th , in the year 1421 , just one day out . Give us visual . Let 's see what it 's like out there . Okay , punching it up . Again ? We 're still where we were ! Of course . We 're still in deep space , sir , only now we 're in deep space in the 15th century . Isn 't it wonderful ? Taking her back to the present . Keyed in . Engaged . So ... forgive me if I 'm being thicker than the offspring of a village idiot and a TV weathergirl , but what exactly was the point of that little exercise ? Well , at the moment , yes , but should we ever acquire a faster-than-light drive , we will have the combination to travel anywhere and anywhen . Picking up a craft . He 's right . Some kind of craft . Small . Here it comes . It 's a Jupiter Mining Corporation core sign . Some kind of transport vehicle : colour green , lifeforms four ... craft name " Starbug " ? ! Call me crazy , but that all sounds weirdly familiar . Who is it ? It 's us from the future ! Hey - incoming SOS message ! Don 't punch it up ! Close com ! Why ? If that vessel is this vessel , sir , it almost certainly contains our future selves . The implications of making contact could be devastating ! The human brain is not designed to cope with knowing its own future . Yeah , but Kryten , obviously we 've been in some kind of major trouble . Otherwise we wouldn 't have shown up . No , Kryten 's got a point . It 's too dangerous to make contact . What if we discover that one of us is dead ? Who could handle that ? We all could if it was you . They 're trying us again ! Come on , they 're in trouble ! We can 't just leave them out to dry ! Well , in that case , sir , I suggest that I am left alone to make contact . I can give them whatever assistance they require , then erase my memory of the entire event . Open com . Present Starbug calling future Starbug . We are ready to communicate . Well , how did it go ? Everything okay ? Mr. Lister , sir ... I love you ! You know that , don 't you ? I 'd hate you to ... go anywhere without knowing that , sir . So what 's the SP , Kryts ? Can you tell us anything ? A little , sir . They are indeed our future selves from some fifteen years hence . What a senseless waste ! Listen , if something happens to me , I want to know . All I am allowed to divulge is that their time drive has developed a fault , and they can only travel forward . They jumped to a period where they knew we would be in order to copy some components from our own drive . So am I actually going to get to meet me ? My knees have turned to jelly ! Nobody will be meeting anybody . You must be sealed in the upper deck before they set a space boot on board . So when are they coming ? Immediately . I 'll serve your supper in the obs room . I thought I 'd whip you up a nice little curry with jam rolly-polly and a big jug of chilled margarita . They 're all my favourites ! I know ! How can we have margaritas ? I thought we were out of tequila ? I put a little miniature bottle aside , sir , for ... no particular reason ... And I thought that since today had ... no special significance ... it would be appropriate ... to ... Just go , Kryten ! Thank you , sir . His favourite bowl ... his little cup ... the tin opener he uses to pick his ears clean with ... Everything okay ? Oh , yup yup . Those darn onions get you every time ! What onions ? Ah , the onions I 'm about to peel . I always get a little emotional when I have to deprive an onion of its skin . Don 't Nixon me , man ! Tell me the truth ! I die , don 't I ? I mean , I 'm dead , aren 't I ? I don 't make it ... All I 'm at liberty to disclose , sir , is that all four members of the Starbug crew will be boarding this vessel . Yeah , but I 'm not amongst them , right ? One of their number is called Dave Lister . Now , you 'll have to excuse me . I 've already said too much . Hang on a minute , I 'm really confused now . Are you saying I survive ? I can say no more . Please , let us not squabble on this of all days . Careful with those chilies , Kryten . At the rate you 're going , there 'll be none left for tomorrow . Look , whatever it is , there 's nothing you can do about it . It 's fate . I just don 't get it . Am I dead or am I alive ? If I 'm dead , how can I come on board ? What precisely are you doing , bud ? I 'm hacking into the security cameras . Kryten turned off all the monitors , so I 'm rigging up the mediscan . When those johnnies come on board , I want to see ' em . Docking complete . Opening airlock doors . Gentlemen , welcome aboard . Ah , Mr. Rimmer sir , come in , come in . Did we actually used to live like this ? What a godawful depressing little hole . We 're used to the good things in life now , bud . Are you really me ? Will you take a look at him . Did I really used to look that goofy ? What is that you have on your head ? I hope you have a quarantine license for it . We 're time travellers now , and a lot of our business involves going back in history . I have to look incognito . Frankly , I can 't afford going around looking like I 've swapped heads with a damaged crash dummy . I rather think we 're overstepping the bounds of agreed conversation here . Is , um ... Mr. Lister ... did you bring him ? Sir , you look terrific . I was expecting something much worse . Don 't worry about me , Kryts , I 'm fine . Absolutely dandy . Well , blow me ! You 've hardly changed at all . If I wasn 't told about the accident , I don 't think I 'd even have noticed . Yo , we 're in ! Oh my god - look at Rimmer ! Well , I can 't have changed much . I 'm a hologram . Wrong . You 're two meals away from being a sumo wrestler . Let me see ! Am I there ? Oh yes . What do I look like ? I can 't actually see quite clearly . The light is reflecting from off the top of your head . What are you talking about ? Ha ha ! You 're as bald as a plucked chicken , man . Let me see ! Let me see ! Wait , wait ! I want to see if I 'm there . I don 't seem to be there . Just you two , Kryten ... Oh my god ... What ? What is it ? Ohhhhh dear ! What do I do to end up like that ? That 's tragic . That is the saddest thing I 've ever seen in my life ... What happened to my butt ? Buddy , you could park a plane in that crease . So what if you 're fat and bald . That 's what happens when you get older . Look at me - I 'm a brain in a jar ! Self self self self self ! We 've got to find out what 's going on . We 've been saving it for a special occasion . And what could be more special than this . To the future ! To the past ! This is poison , bud ! Haven 't you anything better than this hogwash ? We 're used to the best ! Kryten , we 're epicures now . We travel through history enjoying the very best time has to offer . Dolphin sweetmeats , roast suckling elephants , baby seal hearts stuffed with dove pate . Food fit for emperors ! We socialize with all of the greatest figures in history , the Hapsburgs , the Borgias ... Why , only last week , Louis the Sixteenth threw a banquet especially in our honour . The man is a complete delight - urbane , witty , charming ... He was an idiotic despot who lived in the most obscene luxury while the working classes starved in abject poverty . Well , we certainly didn 't see any of that while we were there ! And his wife 's an absolute cutie . I think they 're our favourite hosts . If you don 't count the Hitlers . You 're good friends with the Hitlers ? ! It 's just a social thing . We don 't talk about his work . We just have a few laughs , play canasta , and enjoy the odd game of mixed doubles with the Goerings . I don 't believe what I 'm hearing ! Look , you have to understand , we travel back and forth throughout the whole of history , and naturally we want to sample the best of everything . It 's just a bit unfortunate that the finest things tend to be in the possession of people who are judged to be a bit dodgy . Herman Goering is a " bit dodgy " ! What has become of you all ? You 've all abandoned your morals , been seduced by power and wealth . All you 're interested in now is indulging your carnal desires . And could we tell you some stories about _ that _ ! I don 't recognize any of you ! You 're just amoral self-serving scum , freeloading your way through history ! Good grief ! I can 't believe I used to be such a stuck-up pompous prig . Okay . That 's it . You 've got two minutes to get off this ship . I don 't know how we became you , but I sure as hell don 't intend to help you carry on doing what you 're doing . But we need to examine the calibration on your time drive 's maxic-factor . That 's one minute forty . Shooting us would be like killing himself in the future . He won 't do it . What have I got to lose ? I 'm in a jar . Gentlemen , let 's put an end to this , why don 't we ? But without the calibration date , we 'll be stranded out here in the middle of nowhere . Fifty seconds . C 'mon , let 's go . You 'll have changed your mind when you 've thought it through . Twenty seconds . Into the airlock and git . I knew it would be a mistake to see the future . Now our whole lives will be coloured by the fact that we 're going to end up becoming people we despise . Threat warning - vessel off the stern ! They 've got a missile lock on us ! Our future selves are attacking us ! They 're nuts ! Direct hit ! The gyroscope 's out ! They 're trying to disable us ! Another lock ! Incoming message ! Gentlemen , we have no intention of being deprived of the opulence and luxury the time drive provides . Either you give us access to the data we require , or be prepared to be blasted out of the sky . But if you kill us , you 'll have cease to exist . Better that than to be forced to live like you , like rats trapped together , marooned in deep space . Your answer , thirty seconds . So what do we do ? Have we got any chance of winning ? Their craft is greatly upgraded . We have no chance whatsoever . Then I say fight ! Mr. Rimmer ? Better dead than smeg ! Cheers ! Cat ? Better dead than sofa-side butt . Kryten ? Better anything than that toupee ! Shields up ! Arming lasers ! Bringing her around . Target acquired ! Locking on - firing ! Direct hit ! Starbug thrusters ! Nice shooting , sir ! Bringing her around to reserve . Threat warning ! They 've got a lock on us ! I 'm going for the main fuel tank ! They 're in your sight ! Locked on - fire ! - Mr. Lister ! - Is he okay ? He 's dead , sir ! The hull 's gonna go . We 'll all be dead in a minute . CAT ! ? .. Dead ... But there may be - Kryten ? ! There may be a what ? A way out of this ? Is that what you were gonna say ? ... Speak , Kryten ! How can we change what 's happening ? !
