 [ engine fires up ] ¶ On an outer space adventure ¶ They got hit by cosmic rays ¶ And the four were changed forever ¶ In some most fantastic ways ¶ No need to fear , they 're here ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four - ¶ Don 't need no more - ¶ That 's ungrammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four And now this is Gary Owens welcoming you back to Dick Clark 's College Scholarship Telethon with Dick 's special guests , The Fantastic Four . Now let 's do a quick recap of how you got your incredible powers . Okay , but remember , folks , we 're professionals . You don 't wanna try this stuff at home , huh ? [ Dick Clark ] You took off in Reed 's untested spaceship to investigate a weird streaking phenomenon which somehow altered normally harmless cosmic rays which changed you in amazing ... no , make that fantastic ways . [ Gary Owens ] Your lives would never be the same , but you unselfishly pledged to use your new powers for the good of mankind . However , few buildings wanted you as tenants and your adventures began the moment you found an apartment . A strange Puppet Master was controlling human beings through dolls sculpted in a special neuro-kinetic clay . But his lovely blind daughter , Alicia , knew nothing of his evil schemes . [ Dick ] Mad at Reed for keeping him out of the lab , The Thing left the Baxter Building under the Puppet Master 's control , resulting in Sue 's capture . The Puppet Master then forced Alicia , disguised as Sue , to accompany the entranced Thing back to the Baxter Building , not knowing he was under orders to destroy Mr. Fantastic and The Human Torch , thus clearing the way for him and his doll puppets to take over the city . Aaaagh ! Slash Curtis , a brutish , vicious criminal from the dregs of society . The courts gave you life imprisonment , but you shall serve me well . Welcoming you to the new escape-proof , maximum-security state prison , built when voters finally approved a construction-bond initiative . I say no breakout till I get the guard patrols timed . Hear me , Slash Curtis ! Hey , sweetheart ! Got a news flash for ya . Jailbreak ! [ siren wails ] They 've seized the guards ' weapons and are storming the gate ... Here comes the warden ! Warden Butler , how will you control the situation ? No cause for alarm , Diane . That gate is state of the art . I 've been waiting for you , Warden . Say " Cheese . " [ evil chuckle ] I must be accurate . But once I 've made your likeness perfect , you too shall be my puppet slave . I don 't understand why you won 't speak to me . I feel that someone ... some force ... is preventing you . Just one moment , Mr. Grimm , Mrs. Richards . Stop ! I must speak to you about the revolting chemical smells coming from Dr. Richards ' laboratory . And then there was that huge piece of scientific equipment delivered yesterday . I 'm speaking to you ... Well , what cheek ! [ doorbell ] Reed , can you get it ? - Reed ? - [ doorbell ] Okay . Okay , fine . I 'll see who 's there . He might as well be on Mars when he 's in his lab . Never picks up a phone , never answers a doorbell . Never . Great . Hey , Reed ! Sue 's back with tall , orange , and gruesome ! Terrific time for you guys to forget your keys ! I just got out of the shower and ... Hey ! What 's with you , Ben ? If I wasn 't soaking wet , I 'd flame on and barbecue your spareribs ! - Ben ! Is that your name ? - Sue ? Reed ! Reed , help ! The Thing 's gone bananas ! - Oh ! - [ growls ] Ben , stop ! What 's wrong ? What 's gotten into you ? Your eyes , they 're glassy . You don 't know what you 're doing . If you want me , come and get me ! [ grunting ] Sorry , Ben . That was the only way to stop you . And now we 'll see if my formula works . My head . What 's ... what 's happening ? My ... my ... my face , it ... it 's human ! Hey , I 'm Ben Grimm again ! Hey , I 'm ... I 'm ... I 'm me ! It 's the formula I 've been working on . I didn 't want to tell you . I didn 't wanna raise your hopes . What 's wrong with me ? I come here to clobber my best friends and ... Hey , Johnny ! [ Ben ] Are you okay ? I ... I didn 't mean to hurt ya . Hey , you 're yourself . You 're Ben again . Not that it 's much of an improvement . Oh , yeah ? How 'd you like a knuckle casserole ? Won 't somebody tell me where I am , who you all are ? The resemblance is uncanny , but she 's not Sue . I remember now . She 's the Puppet Master 's stepdaughter . Hey , come here . The poor kid 's , well , she 's blind . She sure does look like sis , but where 's Sue , and who the heck is the Puppet Master ? Him ? He 's a weirdo with a place in the Village . Sue 's his prisoner there , but ... [ gruff voice ] Well , it ain 't her fault . Your voice . You 're the strong , kindly one who came to my stepfather 's house . But you seem different now . No , wait . It is you ! Yes ! You are the same wonderful person ! Yeah , wonderful ! Hmm . I 'm sorry the formula wasn 't permanent , Ben , but we 've got to move ! I can 't leave Sue in the hands of a madman . Flame on ! [ Thing ] The squirt gets to fly and we gotta go catch a cab ! [ Reed ] I think I can do better than that . I call it the Fantasticar . You wait here , kid , and I 'll be back for you . I want a 24-hour lockdown , Clancy . You got it , Warden . And put Slash Curtis in solitary . I ... Warden Butler ! Hear me ! Hey , you okay , Warden ? Warden ? Warden Butler , the man you saw put down a prison riot only moments ago is now acting very strangely . Must free all prisoners . Must free all prisoners . Must free them ... now . But , Warden , you can 't do that ! Warden ! No ! He 's activating the gate control ! What is happening ? The warden ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Now seize him , prisoners ! Quickly ! Take him to the main cellblock ! Yes , Slash ! With him as your hostage , you can begin to negotiate for the things I want ! [ evil cackle ] [ reporter ] A detachment of guards has just moved in to surround the main cellblock but the rioting prisoners have taken control and , more important , they now hold Warden Lewis G Butler in their hands . [ grunts ] Getting out of this chair would be easy for Reed , but I 'll have to do it the old-fashioned way . Phew ! I 'm out of here ! And Slash Curtis has just designated himself chief negotiator for the rioting prisoners . What 's this ? Did the Invisible Woman think I 'd be unprepared for an escape attempt ? How foolish ! [ Sue ] Oh ! The force of the fall shook me into visibility . - I must get away . - It 's useless to resist me . You are my helpless puppet ! [ Reed ] Sullivan Street dead ahead . Let 's pray we 're not too late . There . That 's the street number Alicia gave us . Hurry , Ben ! It 's clobberin ' time ! - Sue , darling ! - Reed ! I can 't run away . He 's controlling me with a puppet doll . I have one for you too , my friends ! And I 've got somethin ' for you , Bug Eyes ! There 's no way you 'll escape . It 's you who won 't escape ! [ laughs maniacally ] [ droning voice ] Won 't escape . Won 't escape . Won 't escape . [ Johnny ] He 's getting away with Sue ! Won 't escape . Won 't escape . Ow ! I got him , Johnny . Can 't ... hold him . Ben ! I hear you , Stringbean ! - Say goodnight , Gracie ! - Won 't escape . Won 't escape ... Now , let 's find Susy Q. [ Puppet Master ] You 're too late ! Can 't get there , but have to try ! Hold it , Stretcho ! Look at the kid ! Hang on , sis . I 'm on the way . She 's yours . No ! Johnny , help ! Moved too fast . I 'm out of gas . You had it when it counted . Great job , son ! I guess I wasn 't too shabby at that , was I ? Don 't ever put me through that again , sweetheart . Well , it wasn 't fun for me either , darling . Hey , hey , hey ! Smooch later . Look , we got work to do . Slash Curtis has just demanded weapons and freedom for all prisoners or the warden will pay the price . Let 's get busy . Fantasticar front and center . We 're going directly to jail . Well , the cops gotta play ball with us long as we got the warden here . Just to make sure that they don 't get a little cute , we 're gonna take us out an insurance policy . Bull ! Skink ! You know what to do ! Silly me . Forgot to thank you for opening the gates for us . Must free all prisoners . Must free all prisoners . Things have been quiet since Slash Curtis made his demands but ... What in the world ... ? It 's the fantastic Flying Torch , the Stretchable Man , and that powerful , incredible Thing ! They rescued the jumper off the 59th Street Bridge the other day ! They 're traveling in some sort of amazing flying vehicle and ... Oh ! Just hang loose , honey , and you won 't get hurt . This won 't be as easy as I 'd hoped . Now they 've got both the warden and that televisión reporter as hostages . If we make the slightest mistake , it could cost them their lives . And the total continues to grow . Ladies and gentlemen , your tribute to the Fantastic Four is gonna give a lot of kids the great education they deserve and our country needs . Now , let 's get back to the exciting story of ... - Where 's The Thing , Gary ? - Well , we 're not sure , Dick . He went backstage during the commercial break and ... [ grunting ] No sweat , Jack . Ol ' Blue Eyes is back ! I figure if we 're gonna raise a ton of money for education , we gotta sell the most educational stuff of all . Namely , the adventures of yours truly and my three assistants . So cough up some cash 'cause I don 't like deadbeats . The audience has already been very generous , but if you 'll sit down , I 'll buy those books . You ... you will ? Hey , great ! By the way , I got plenty more where these came from . [ chuckles ] How nice . All right , now back to the story of the Puppet Master . [ Reed ] By the time we arrived , the situation at the prison had reached the boiling point . [ Sue ] We 've gotta do something but can 't risk a direct assault . [ Thing ] All right , Brain-O , you got smarts . Now use ' em . Hmm . We 've got to make a two-pronged attack . Sue and I will go high while you and Ben go low . Okay . What 's a prong ? [ Reed ] Start the low-prong phase now ! Come on , Matchstick . Let 's make like heroes . That crazy plane ! I can 't see it no more and ... Aagh ! Let ' em have it ! You rang ? There 's nothin ' like recycling ' scrap metal ... to keep the garbage in . Now that Slash is out of it , I 'm takin ' charge . Oh , yeah ? Who says ? I 'm the ... - Ooh ! - Naughty , naughty . - Get her ! - Reed , now ! Excuse me , gentlemen . What 's the hurry ? I 'd say this wraps things up , in every sense of the word . I don 't know how to thank you . I must have been temporarily insane . You were simply another victim of the Puppet Master , Warden Butler . We 'll bring him to justice . Didn 't know you was a sculptor . Reed helped me move all your stuff from your stepfather 's house and ... Huh ? Finding a home for me was your idea , wasn 't it , Ben ? Nah . We all decided . I mean , hey , you know , Reed 's got some bucks from his inventions and , well ... Yeah , I guess it was . I 've never met any man as kind and as beautiful as you . Yeah , well , you 're kind of nice too . Hey , look , I gotta go . I gotta find that Puppet Master and ... like that . I gotta go . You take it easy , though , okay ? Dear Ben . Dear , dear Ben . [ Reed ] I neutralized the last of the Puppet Master 's neuro-kinetic clay . He can never use it again to control innocent people . Great , but what if he 's still out there , maybe cooking up another batch ? Yeah . I mean , as long as that little creep 's around , Alicia could have a problem . Alicia ! Of course . We 've got to hurry . - Where ? - Why ? To Alicia 's new apartment . If he set clay aside for emergencies , she 's the first one he 'll head for ! - Flame on ! - [ Sue ] That poor girl . We 've gotta save her from that evil geek . [ door opens ] Ben , is that you ? No , dear girl . It 's I , your beloved stepfather . You have something which belongs to me : the most powerful puppet of them all . I wish you could see it , Alicia . It 's a small figure of me , not as I am now , a hunted man . No . It is I as the true Puppet Master , ruler of all the world . [ chuckles ] Now that I have tested my power and know that it works , I can do anything I wish . Once I have subjected the entire world to my puppet , kings , presidents , and armies will do my bidding . My first official act will be to tear down the United Nations , the White House , the Pentagon ! All power will reside only in me . I will be supreme ! For that fantastic foursome who have defied me , they shall be my slaves and their humiliation will be my sweetest victory ! You 're mad ! Sick ! - Careful , you little fool ! - No ! Let me have it ! Give it to me ! I and my royal puppet are one . No ! Aaghhh ! Stepfather ! It 's all right , kid . I 'm here . You 're safe now . Oh , Ben . He went out the window . I heard the glass breaking . Oh ! There 's no sign of him outside . It 's as if he vanished from the face of the earth . - Perhaps it 's better that way . - What happened , Reed ? What made the Puppet Master fall ? Perhaps a power greater than ours . [ Dick ] That 's the story of the Fantastic Four . Thank you so much for your generous contributions . Remember , every dollar spent on a college education brings more than you could ever count . Gary ? Dick and I would like to thank you very much . You four were great guests and ... There 's only three of you . [ Dick ] What a fantastic salesman . [ Gary ] Tell me about it , oh , rich one . ¶ There 's Galactus looking hungry ¶ And Doctor Doom is near ¶ Here come the Skrulls invading ¶ Do you run and hide in fear ? ¶ No way , no way , no way ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four ¶ That 's all , no more Now , that 's grammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call for the Four ¶ Fantastic Four
