 [ engine fires up ] ¶ On an outer space adventure ¶ They got hit by cosmic rays ¶ And the four were changed forever ¶ In some most fantastic ways ¶ No need to fear , they 're here ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four - ¶ Don 't need no more - ¶ That 's ungrammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four Wow ! Let me tell you what happened in the first two parts of Doctor Doom 's story in case you foolishly missed them . Doom kidnapped Sue and then after trapping Reed , Johnny and The Thing , he carried them off to his castle deep in the Black Forest . Reed now knows that their captor is the same Victor Von Doom who had been his classmate in college . He was an evil scientific genius , who had survived a dangerous experiment to menace the world years later as the dreaded Doctor Doom . [ Doom screams ] Doom captured the Fantastic Four to force them to carry out a deadly , mysterious missión . Sue tried to keep him talking long enough to give Reed , Johnny and Ben enough time to escape . Luckily , the power-mad tyrant was willing to tell her his life story . It was a story he had kept locked within him all those tortured years . With the tale concluded at last , Doom tricked our heroes into entering the room where Sue was held captive . A room that grew smaller with each passing minute . They only had 48 hours to travel to Ancient Greece in Doctor Doom 's time machine to bring him back the mysterious coffin of Argos . And now let the wonderment begin . Your room grows smaller , my dear . If your husband and his friends are not successful , you have less than 47 hours before you are considerably smaller as well . Reed will return , Doctor Doom , and when he does ... He will make me more powerful than you could possibly imagine . Look ! The coffin of Argos is more than an archeological trinket . It holds an alien power generator of incalculable force . The Ancients feared it , and with good reason . I shall use it to dominate the Earth ! Reed will never put such power in your hands . Of course he will ! To save the woman he loves . Discussión is pointless . He may soon be lost in the mists of time , in which case I will be rid of him , your fiery brother , and that grotesque orange brute forever ! Either way , I win . Amazing . Doom 's device penetrated the space-time continuum by accessing a fourth-dimensional wormhole . [ Thing ] Yeah , Doom 's just the kind of worm who 'd do something like that . [ Johnny ] The time machine , it 's gone . How the Sam Hill are we gonna get back now ? We don 't need to worry about that , Ben . Yeah ? How come ? Because they 'll probably kill us first . It 's a Persian invasión force . I don 't want to jump to no conclusions , but it looks like they ain 't too crazy about us . We don 't want to affect the course of history . But the Persians were merciless tyrants and the Greeks gave birth to the ideals of democracy . - So ... - So ? - So ? So ? - So we 'd better punt . Stick around ! I 'm just warming up ! Good work , Johnny . Ben , now we can start searching for the coffin of Argos . [ speaks Greek ] - What did he say ? - A salutation in Ancient Greek . Luckily , I still have a supply of those translingual patches we used in fighting the Skrull invaders . Greetings , men of Athens . - We come in peace . - By all the gods , stranger ! We owe you our lives . Ask what you will and it shall be yours . I , Xanthus , swear it . Okay , we 're looking for the coffin of Argos . What ? Not the coffin ? - You can 't be serious ? - Do we look like we 're kidding ? - Come on , we got things to do . - The coffin of Argos is cursed . Our legends tell us great Zeus cast it into the underworld when it brought dissensión to the gods . To seek it is to seek death . So we got a lousy hobby . Where is it ? Yes , we must find it , no matter the risk . Then you must look there on the slopes of Mount Olympus . Home of the gods . The Temple of the Oracle . If anyone knows its whereabouts it will be she . But the road is dangerous . I wish I could do more to help you but we must go to warn the countryside . The Persians will return . And if we must die to preserve our freedom , we shall do so willingly . Farewell ! Wait ! There is something you can do . We may have less trouble if we don 't look quite so ... foreign . Can you give us something more appropriate to wear ? Yeah , they lost our bags at the airport . Man ! I look like the keyboards guy in a heavy-metal retro band . Nonetheless , these clothes should enable us to move about without attracting undue attention . Ha ! Look at Big Brain . Guess you 're gonna need a head transplant , huh ? [ he laughs ] We 've got to reach the Oracle . The clock is ticking . Hurry . Sue 's life depends on us fulfilling this missión . Steady , Hauptmann . Begin the fusión process . Carefully . The energy demands of a time machine strain even my resources but I must maintain its effectiveness until Richards returns . With my prize . Come on , Susan . You can 't power yourself out of this but you can still think . Johnny would melt himself free . Reed would thin down and slip out . And Ben , well , he would just flex his muscles and pop these . Wait , I can flex the capsule with my invisible shield . Now get going , girl ! Agh ! Maintain constant quark flow . I 'll be seeing you , Doctor , but you won 't be seeing me . I cannot leave the energizing process to pursue her . Send the Creeper . At once , Excellency ! Search and recover . Search and recover . Search ... and recover . [ Reed ] Temple of the Oracle . I 've read about it , of course . But I never dreamed I 'd actually see it as it was . Who seeks the Oracle this day ? Speak or be gone . [ Reed ] Strangers from another land . Phew ! Hey , smells like rotten eggs . Bleuch ! Didn 't these Grecians never hear about air fresheners ? It 's hydrogen sulphide from the mineral spring in the crevice . The Ancients believed such things had magical powers . This is no place for non-believers . We need to find the coffin of Argos . You lie ! Only fools and conjurers seek that which does not exist . But you , you 're neither . - You 're young . - You are , too . And incredibly gorgeous . I am Oracle . My destiny is to sit before a crack in the world and look into the dark face of the unknown . It is for you to question me . More than that is not to be . - My name is Johnny . - I know all . You must go to the River Styx . If the coffin of Argos truly exists , would it not have come to rest where the mighty Zeus cast it down from Olympus ? Look to the River of Death . Farewell , Johnny . - Gone ... - Fat lot of good she done us . All that gobbledygook about some dumb river ain 't gonna do us diddly-squat . That waterfall . If the coffin of Argos traveled down from this mountain into a river , this stream could 've carried it . But the Oracle said the god Zeus threw it into the underworld . You see , Johnny , Greek myths , like all legends , are often based on actual events poetically retold . Let 's just hope that 's true in this instance . Now get on board . - Hey , easy ! - Hang on ! - We 're gonna shoot the rapids ! - [ all ] Oh ! Jeez Louise ! Look out , Reed . Whoa ! Wow ! The myth was right . Over the centuries , treasures washed down Mount Olympus and accumulated in this natural grotto , which was converted into a shrine to the gods . Look ! The what-you-call-it of Whose-is . Let 's see what 's inside . No ! If Doctor Doom wants it so badly , the contents are undoubtedly powerful and dangerous . But we found what he sent us for . Come on , we gotta get back . Back ... before ... Sue ... gets ... squished ... I can 't keep my baby blues open . [ Reed ] The brazier . It emits a form of ... sleep gas when it 's lit . Can 't lose the coffin now . The invincible threesome who drove our ground forces off yesterday , defeated by a simple ancient trap set to thwart thieves . Haul them on board . I 'll use them as galley slaves when we attack the Greek fleet at Salamis tomorrow . And should they survive the battle , I 'll hang them . Heave ! Heave ! Stroke ! Stroke ! Faster ! Faster ! Our invasión fleet awaits . Ugh ... My head . Auntie Em ... Auntie Em ... Feels like a weasel died in my mouth . Oh , we 've been out for hours . And now we 're at sea . And ... That promontory and coastline look strangely familiar . Hmm . Watch it , Curly . You could hurt somebody . I could and I will , slave . Now , put your back into your oars . Today mighty Persia shall bring Greece to her knees . Who 're you calling slaves , sleazeball ? Let 's 86 these chains . Bondage makes me nervous . Flay the dogs . Put them to the lash . Catch ! I guess them sailor guys forgot to eat their spinach . Now I know why I recognize that coastline . I studied it in college . We are about to enter the Battle of Salamis . Look , in 480B.C. , the Persian king Xerxes assembled the largest invasión armada in the history of the Ancient Worid . Contemporary accounts say the Greeks could only muster a small defense force . Ben , where 's the coffin of Argos ? - Here , but it shrunk . - Must be molecular compressión . This is one time we must make sure history comes out right . One of the strangers who saved us yesterday . Ben ! Johnny ! Hurry ! [ cheering ] Attack ! Attack ! Again you find us in unequal battle to defend our freedom . When I lower my sword , ram the Persian flagship . Now ! - Agh ! - Wait , there 's a better way . The gooey substance you burn for torchlight , what is it ? A foul-smelling gift from the sea , which washes up on our beaches in globules . Once lit , water cannot put it out . By any chance , is it called Greek fire ? Yes , but I do not understand . That gunk is crude petroleum . Precisely . It washes ashore from a sub-oceanic oilfield . Oil schmoil ! We 're gonna be sub-oceanic if you don 't stop gassing about torch fire , water that don 't put out , and ... Hey ! The Persian ships are made of ... - [ all ] Wood ! - What 's he doing ? - Stop him ! - It 's incredible . Batter up ! Water will not extinguish the flames . It 's Greek fire ! Abandon ship ! My invisible shield ! It 's my only chance ! Prisoner ... recovered . Bring her to me . Again have you rescued us and preserved our democracy . Stay and be our honored brothers . Thank you , Xanthus , but we must return to our own time at once . My wife 's life depends on it . - We 're waiting , Ben . - I ain 't going . - What ? - You have to ! Well , I ain 't a freak here . They like me just the way I am . - But we 'll never see you again . - No time to reason with him . Goodbye , Ben . We 'll miss you . I 'll never forget you , big guy . Yeah , well ... I 'll miss you too . Jeez , the wind must 've gotten into my eyeball , or something . Hey , what 's happening ? Water spout ! [ yelling and screaming ] Look out , Reed ! The coffin of Argos , its contents are lost . - Johnny ? - I 'm okay , Reed . But the water spout sank all the ships . - That means that Ben ... - Yes . Ben . Doom 's time machine ! - We must go . - No , no , no , not without Ben . Sue wouldn 't want us to leave him behind if he drowned . Your friend survived , Johnny . Wait for me ! Thank you , Oracle . Remember me . So I made a mistake . - Sue me ! - What ? ! Reed , darling ! Johnny ! Ben ! - Are you all right ? - Yes , sweetheart , we 're fine . I never lost hope I 'd see you again , darling . I knew you 'd come back . You had to . Your touching reunion must wait . You found it ! The coffin of Argos in exchange for Sue or I 'll have Ben squash it . You heard him , Fender Face . Release her . The coffin of Argos ! Fools ! The power this contains will enable me to dominate the Earth . You and all mankind shall be helpless to resist me . Greek fire ! You tricked me ! Not at all . You asked for the coffin of Argos and we delivered it . Just as I intend to deliver you to the proper authorities . I used the energy in your own time machine to summon the Fantasticar ! - Grab him , Ben ! - Hope you like stripes , creepo . I 'm afraid I have a previous engagement . But never fear ! We shall meet again ! And when we do , we 'll be ready . ¶ There 's Galactus looking hungry ¶ And Doctor Doom is near ¶ Here come the Skrulls invading ¶ Do you run and hide in fear ? ¶ No way , no way , no way ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four ¶ That 's all , no more Now , that 's grammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call for the Four ¶ Fantastic Four
