 ¶ On an outer space adventure ¶ They got hit by cosmic rays ¶ And the Four were changed forever ¶ In some most fantastic ways ¶ No need to fear They 're here ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four - Don 't need no more . - That 's ungrammatical . ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four Hey , taxi . You got a fare here . Taxi , hey taxi . Over here . [ Reed ] Marine Hall , please . [ driver ] Hey . Okay , sure , Mr. Fantastic . I 'd have stopped sooner , but I didn 't see who you are . And step on it , Jack . We 're late . [ driver ] Hold on to your socks . [ man ] These crystals are the product of years of radioactive pollution on the ocean . Watch their effect on one microscopic organism floating in the sea water . [ Sue ] Why are we always late ? [ Johnny ] Because Ben never knows what to wear . I 've shown you this to warn you of the perils of pollution . Perils I alone can control . Hey . A sea monster . And I thought this was gonna be boring . [ man ] I am from the world beneath the sea that lies just outside your window . We have endured your pollution for centuries , but we shall suffer it no longer . Know that I am Namor , ruler of the kingdom of Atlantis . Your time in the sun is over . [ Namor ] Punish them , O tentacled avenger . [ screaming ] Flame on . [ Namor ] What is this ? A fiery man-child ? How intriguing . Denizens of the depths , cool him off . [ Thing ] Johnny got spritzed by whales . Okay , fish breath , it 's clobberin ' time . How 'd you like that , you waterlogged loser ? Huh ? Not bad , buttercup . And I thought you was just another pretty face . [ growling ] [ struggling ] One sea monster , fit to be tied . - [ Thing ] Susie . - [ Sue ] I 'm coming , Ben . Your shield . Use your invisible ... - Not me . Him . - [ Sue ] Oh , no . Get me out of here , Susie . What beauty . [ Johnny ] Look out , sis . This interlude is ended . Away . - [ Thing ] Hey , he 's flying away . - [ Reed ] Stop him . Hey , who was that wing-footed nutbar ? He said his name was Namor . Ruler of the world under the sea . And he plans to be our ruler , as well . He does have amazing powers . And incredible eyes . Well , I mean for a man who lives under the sea . [ Namor ] The cool sea . Home again . How the astringent waters of brine restore my courage and fill my heart with gladness . Would that these depths remained ever pure . Sentinels of Atlantis , salute your ruler . I hate Earth food . Bring me some plankton . You really shouldn 't treat the help like that , my lord . It 's so hard to find good starfish . These Earth people vex you . Why don 't we go to the Caribbean ? Just you and I , for a little vacation . [ grumbling ] Hail , O munificent and mighty Prince Namor . - Welcome home . - Later , Krang . His Majesty is in no mood for your groveling . I am here to serve . My troops are ready to attack the air-breathers at your command . And when I am the victorious conqueror of your new realm , I shall ask only one boon . One prize , fairer than all the rest : The hand of the beautiful Lady Dorma . You overstep your station , sir . My heart belongs to only one . Leave me , both of you . I must think . You will be mine . No matter what . Did you not hear me , Lady Dorma ? I said leave me . ¶ Aura Lee , Aura Lee All my dreams fulfilled ¶ - Hey , let me play something . - Hey ! Since when are you a musician ? Since you stink . Oh , it 's such a beautiful , romantic night . - Isn 't it , sweetheart ? - Mm-hmm . You know , if there is a race of water-breathing humanoids in the ocean , this analysis will prove it . I 'll just drown myself , while you 're busy , okay ? Hmm ? Yeah , sure , honey . That 's , uh ... that 's nice . [ struggling ] No need to struggle . My minions have been instructed to attend to your need , as you now see . Welcome to my kingdom , Susan . Now , relax and enjoy the journey . Ah , Atlantis . My capital city awaits . Is it not magnificent ? A pearl of the deepest deep . Lustrous and mysterious , awaiting my return in majestic silence . My throne room is yours . You can 't get away with this . Reed will find me . And he , and Johnny and Ben will take me back . I can breathe . I filled the great dome with air for you . Oh , you fascinate me . I have never known a female like you . - What ? - I want you to remain here so I can get to know you better . [ Sue ] That is impossible . Nothing is impossible for the prince of Atlantis . You need have no fear . I mean you no harm . Prince Namor , I am flattered by your attention , but I am married to Reed Richards . How can a mere surface dweller compare to the power of a prince ? I 'm not interested in power , Prince Namor . Or in you . You must take me back . Never . Remain here , willingly , or my warrior legions will make the surface dwellers pay for the pollution they have unleashed on this planet . You have 24 hours to decide . [ Reed ] But why ? I can 't understand it . It 's just not like Sue to wander off and not tell anyone where she 's going . [ Johnny ] Reed . Look . What could have left this kind of print ? Hmm . Well , it 's either a duck-billed platypus or a guy with a real weird set of ankles . Yes , that professor yesterday , Namor . He flew around the room with wings on his feet . Holy mackerel . And I 'm talking real fish . Hey , you don 't suppose ... If Namor 's got Sue , he 's got the entire ocean to hide her in . [ Namor ] Select a bauble . This is an unseemly display , Your Highness . Explain yourself . This surface woman is no suitable companion for the ruler of the seas . It is your responsibility to your people to choose a consort more in keeping with the dignity of your family and office . In short , one of your own kind . Does the Lady Dorma have anyone particular in mind ? I was right . I 've cracked the elemental bio-code of the humanoid water breathers . Now I can track them with this new spectroscopic dowser . We can use it to find Sue . Hey . I already had a bath last week . Relax . This is a special oxygenating fluid . You 'll be able to breathe underwater for three hours . I 'll be breathing , but I won 't be torching . Without my flame-on ability , I might as well stay home . What 's this for ? An experiment that might come in handy . A - ha . Excellent . Ah , Lady Dorma . A shell of mead ? Oh , you 've been throwing eels . I find eel throwing so stimulating . I did not know . There are many things about me you don 't know . So many things I would like you to know . Namor has been stricken by that pale creature from the airy world . He has become weak and soft . Unworthy . - Well , uh ... - Krang ... I want to apologize for the way I have behaved . I realize now that you are the true power . Do you wish to hear more ? Oh , yes . Take up the sword . Lead your army to victory over the land dwellers . And take me as your queen and co-ruler . Your people are destroying my world . Your engineers punch holes in its deeps to find oil . Much of which they spill while trying to haul it home in unseaworthy vessels . Waste and filth tumble down my rivers each year into my ocean . They are contaminating my world . As well as their own . Many of us are aware of that . We 're trying to stop the contamination . It 's too little too late . Perhaps , but maybe there 's a way we can still be friends . [ sighs ] We shall be more than friends . I was speaking of my world and yours . We could join together to save the oceans . I know there is much you could teach us . There is much I could teach you . You , alone . [ Reed ] Conquer the sea dome and engage the entry hatch . We 're going in . - Reed . - Ah . He is a fool . - In the sea , I am supreme . - [ horn sounds ] - [ Reed ] Spiral out , Ben . - Roger , Stretch-o . - Geronimo . - [ Namor ] Intruders shall perish . Flame on . [ Thing ] Sweet dreams , flounder butt . [ Reed ] Stay with him . I 'll look for Sue . Where 's my sister , creep ? Talk . [ Reed ] Don 't let Namor get away , hurry . Raise the sea dome . [ Reed ] The dome is flooding . We must find Sue at once . [ Thing ] Web-foot 's making a run for it . The ocean 's on his tail . Namor , what happened to Reed ? Who did this to you ? Where is everyone ? They 're gone . Yes , Your Highness , I know . What ? Where are they ? General Krang has taken every available warrior to defeat the surface dwellers . I authorized no attack . General Krang is a great patriot . - He has anticipated your command . - He must be stopped . Too late , I fear . [ Reed ] The hatch , Ben . Get us through . You sure don 't know how to treat guests , do you ? Well it 's time you learned some manners . I shall not win you this day . But there will be another day . And you shall be mine . This , I vow . Oh , darling . I signaled the Fantasticar to meet us on the far parapet . Hurry . [ Sue ] A rebel general is using Namor 's forces to attack our world . What are we going to do ? [ Reed ] Fight , sweetheart . We 're going to fight . [ Namor ] My forces are headed to New York City . Forward ! [ Namor ] Lives will be lost to no purpose . I must intercede . - Hey . - Come on ! Oh , Krang . You fool . Hear me , Krang . Stop and think . You must stop this invasión at once . I 'm afraid you have no authority here . I have taken command . But I am lord of the seas and you serve me . This is treason ! I am commander of all forces and you are a foolish prince who has surrendered his heart and his kingdom to an Earth woman . That is treason . Onward ! [ Ben ] Hey , there 's that fish-market Frankenstein . I got a knuckle sandwich with your name on it , halibut head . [ Sue ] No , wait . Hear him out . I am at your mercy . I have no army . I have no kingdom . Krang has seen to that . You may be a threat no longer , but your general is . And we have to stop him . Wait . This invasión is not of my doing , but I am responsible for it . I will help you stop it , but I will not harm Krang or any other citizen of Atlantis . - Do we trust him ? - Yes . Agreed . My prince is joining the Fantastic Four . They will face overwhelming odds . Follow them . [ Thing ] Them underwater yo-yos are playing it for keeps . [ Reed ] So are we . What 's your hurry ? There are too many of them . Thanks for the update , Mr. IQ . These creatures breathe sea water . What would happen if the water evaporated and they couldn 't achieve respiration ? [ grunts ] Yeah . I 'm up to my shingles in bubble-heads , here , and you 're playing 20 Questions . Dry up . That 's it ! Dry up . [ Reed ] These characters are washed up . [ Thing ] Hey ! Vile traitor . Now , taste my wrath . I will teach you to betray the lord of the deep . Look out , my lord ! - Ahh ! - Krang . It was always you , my prince . Always you . The carnage continues . Now , as Benjamin said , " Dry up . " Back ! Fight , you cowards . Fight . [ Reed ] Don 't let him get away . But the water will put out my flame . The wristband I gave you . It 's thermite . It 'll burn underwater . Prince Namor , your troops have been defeated . The city is saved . Yes . For now . I must return to restore order in my kingdom . And to see that Lady Dorma is honored . She paid the ultimate price for her love . And I paid a great price for mine . Lady Dorma is of another species , but my molecular resuscitator may help . Then again , I may be too late . We 're going home , my lady . I dropped General Krang in the prison swimming pool at Riker 's Island . Good place for a sea slug . There are probably only about 50 federal crimes they can charge him with . - Darling ? - He has a kind of nobility , doesn 't he ? He 's welcome to it , as long as he stays under the ocean . Where he belongs . You weren 't tempted to join him , were you ? I mean , he is charismatic and unique and ... But not as cute as you , you sweet talking son of a gun . [ Thing ] Blecch . I had enough mush for one day . Hey , who 's up for pizza ? [ Thing ] And if anybody asks for anchovies I clobber ' em . ¶ There 's Galactus looking hungry ¶ And Doctor Doom is near ¶ Here come the Skrulls invading ¶ Do you run and hide in fear ? ¶ No way , no way No way ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four - That 's all , no more . - Now that 's grammatical . ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four
