 Something tore up this whole area . Maybe those rumors about monsters in the Wakanda jungle weren 't just old wives ' tales . Whatever made these tracks was enormous . [ roaring ] Unbelievable ! Our bullets just ricochet back at us ! It ... it just disappeared ! It was a giant , fearsome gorilla , mighty chieftain , whose fur was the unnatural color of red . The beast was impervious to our spears . Such a thing has never been seen in the jungle before . So , at long last it begins . What 's the matter , junior ? Can 't sleep ? [ gurgling ] Here , have some milk . Couple of gallons of moo juice always does the trick for me . It 's that Crystal dame , ain 't it ? I don 't know , Ben . I just can 't seem to get her outta my mind . I guess there 's nothin ' to do but hope and pray that Reed finds a way to break the Negative Barrier that holds her and the other Inhumans prisoner and keeps her away from me . Yeah , well , don 't worry , kid . The big brain 'll think of somethin ' . He always does . I was right . Stretcho 's been burnin ' the midnight oil tryin ' to crack that stinkin ' Negative Barrier . Well , it ain 't Christmas , so that can 't be ol ' Saint Nick and his boys up on the roof . No need to spoil your beauty rest , professor . Clobberin ' a prowler or two 's just the nightcap needed to help this blue-eyed Thing sleep like a baby . Okay , Mr. Lucky , it 's clob ... What the ... ? No one 's here . Wha ... ? [ Thing groans ] So you wanna play tag , eh ? My turn ! Think you 're pretty fast ? I got a few orange moves of my own ! Whoa ! What ? Fire alarm in the hangar . What are you , A.W.O.L. from the cast of Cats ? Gotcha ! Not so fast ! I ain 't said " Uncle " yet ! - Ben ! What 's going on ? - Ah , sorry , Stretcho . - Didn 't wanna wake you ! - We 're all awake now , Ben . Well , c 'mon . Or is it our new policy to just let anyone break into our new headquarters and get away with it ? Ha , ha , ha . You 're a girl after my own heart , Susie . Scooch over , let me drive . Hang on , kiddies ! Incredible . Magnetic waves seem to power that craft we 're pursuing . [ Sue ] Better make that the craft we were pursuing , dear . - Oh . - It 's long gone . Figure out why after a good night 's sleep . You 're right , darling . May as well take us home , Ben . I would if I could , pally , but ... The ol ' Fantasticar here seems to have other ideas . Hmm . That craft has locked a highly magnetic tractor beam onto us , causing the Fantasticar to follow it . - Follow it where ? - I don 't know where . But I 'm sure we 're going to find out soon enough . [ Thing ] Fine with me . I 'm lookin ' forward to a rematch . [ Reed ] Equatorial Africa . My instruments show us over an unexplored region known as Wakanda . The ship is approaching , just as our chieftain said it would . Now the Black Panther will stalk once more . Looks like the " over " part 's about done . This crate 's fixin ' to land . - Fasten your seatbelts , class . - There 's nothing down there . Except jungle . Incredible . The real foliage is concealing a man-made jungle of steel and wire . Even the boulders hum like computer dynamos . Who could have created this electronic nightmare ? Why don 't we just ask ... him ? Huh ? Aw , nuts . At last . The Black Panther 's prey has arrived . Oh , yeah ? Puss-in-Boots ' prey ! Well , you better start prayin ' I don 't catch you ! Thanks , Susie ! Why are you attacking us ? It 's so difficult for a warrior such as I to find challenging prey . And now ... let the hunt begin ! He 's gotta be kiddin ' ! Flashlight beams ain 't gonna stop the orange heart-throb of millions ! They 're not light beams , Ben ! Don 't you feel that vibration ? We 're being bombarded by magnetic anti-polarity beams ! Auntie who ? They make us repel each other , forcing us apart ! Until they wear off ! Reed ! He 's trying to separate us ! Maybe I can 't stay with the others . But I can still flame on ! - You ! - Come ... Match your flame power against my feline agility . You reacted just as I knew you would . In your honor , I 've designed my trap to be flameproof and escape-proof . Vacuum blasts putting ' out my flame ! Your sister is next . Finally slowing down ! The polarity must weaken the further I am from the others . Your assumption is correct , Susan Richards . But the others cannot help you now ! Huh ! My every sense is as sharp as any jungle cat 's . I hear even the softest foot-fall . My only chance is to stand stock still and hope this generator drowns out my breathing . I applaud your cleverness , Mrs. Richards . But even when a Panther cannot hear his victim , he can always detect the scent ! No ! How did you ... ? I have studied your powers well . My speed allowed me inside your force field before you could seal it ! And now sleep gas will end your futile struggling . By the time you awaken , the hunt will be over and the Black Panther shall have won his greatest victory . Must 've landed pretty far from Reed and Susie , 'cause I ain 't doin that nutty vibration any more . [ Thing ] Sure am hot . But even I ain 't dumb enough to drink this here jungle water . You don 't have to . Merely touching my devitalizing fluid is enough . The liquid has sapped your strength , allowing me to fight you as an equal . Well , goody for you , Tabby . [ panting ] Need a breather . That phony water of yours really ... Fooled you ! Your strength has far exceeded my expectations , but I am ever prepared ! You will thaw out eventually , but not before I defeat the most dangerous foe of all . Once I have bested Reed Richards , the hunt will be ended . Let 's end it right now , Panther ! If you 've harmed my wife , so help me I 'll ... She 's safe enough for now . You , however ... We jungle cats can see in the dark . Unfortunately , mere humans can 't ! Nor can they escape from my titanium shackles . I don 't understand your motives , Black Panther . But you 'll soon learn the hard way that nobody attacks the Fantastic Four . Hmm . Empty words . The hunt is over . The Black Panther is victorious ! - Think so , masked man ? - Who said that ? Here 's a little hint . It rhymes with scorch ! Sorry I 'm late , brother-in-law . I had to defrost the big orange Thing-cicle . - But how ... ? - Remember me , Felix ? - Sue , are you all right ? - Not a scratch , dear . I am your prisoner , Fantastic Four . - How did the Torch manage to ... - Free myself ? I couldn 't . While you were hunting Ben and Sue , I was tracking Johnny and freeing him . I overestimated myself and underestimated my quarry . Perhaps I do not yet have the skill necessary to save my people . Save your ... But who are you ? Remove your force field , Mrs. Richards . You have my word I shall not attack any of you again . And T 'Challa , hereditary chieftain of the Wakandas , does not give his word lightly . - Yes , but ... - It 's all right , dear . Chief ? You mean I 've been clobbering ' the Lion King ? - Hey . Over here . - Hi there , junior . Looks like you can start a Wakanda branch of your fan club , Benjy . It ain 't every day a kid sees an ever-lovin ' blue-eyed Thing . [ Johnny ] I hear that . So we 've gone from prey to honored guests . T 'Challa , whatever did you think you 'd accomplish - by fighting the Fantastic Four ? - Ah , please , Susan . Your wife is right . I have much explaining to do . It all began ten years ago , when a scientist made his way to Wakanda . He called himself Ulysses Klaw , the Master of Sound , and demanded our sacred mound of the precious eternal rock from my father , T 'Chaka , who refused . Begone ! This land is ours ! For years , the world called me mad to hunt for what that mound of yours contains . Pure vibranium ! The one element necessary to power my sound transformer ! Don 't you see ? With the vibranium , I can transform pure sound into any living form I desire ! Oh , how the world will grovel before Klaw ! I command you to leave Wakanda ! So speaks T 'Chaka the Chieftain . Then why bother speaking at all ? - That 's when I heard a sound ... - [ gunshot ] ... I would remember all my life . - Father ! - They have slain T 'Chaka ! But his death shall not go unpunished ! It was not to be . My father 's warriors were no match for Klaw 's strange weapon which converted sound into pure energy . From this moment , Father , I live only to avenge this evil deed . I shall be as strong and as fearless as the sacred Black Panther . Drive them out ! The vibranium must be mine ! All mine ! [ crazed laughter ] You have slain my father ! Oh , and I can arrange for you to join him . My hand ! I had not the strength to control Klaw 's evil device . Otherwise , he never would have escaped our village that day . I 'll be back ! Do you hear me ? Do you pathetic savages think you can stop Klaw ? The vibranium will yet be mine ! Ha , ha , ha ! As the new chief of the Wakanda , I realized I must prepare for his eventual return . Selling off small amounts of our vibranium allowed me to amass a fortune and attend the finest schools . Using my knowledge of advanced physics , I designed complex inventions to test and hone my skill , all the while training myself for my supreme test . To hunt the Fantastic Four . You sound a bit confused , pal . Why take us on when it 's that Klaw clown you 're after ? Ah , it 's simple , Ben . T 'Challa felt that he needed a challenge in order to test his fighting skill . If he could defeat the Fantastic Four , he 'd know he was ready for Klaw . Not only are you intelligent , Reed Richards , but wise as well . You realize we all could have been killed in your little hunt . - Including you . - Yes , I was wrong . Revenge blinded me . I pray your forgiveness . They 're ... They 're beautiful . They are sculpted from our sacred rock . Pure vibranium . [ bleeping ] The Sensa-scope . Something approaches Wakanda . Klaw has returned ! - My flames don 't faze him ! - Johnny ! Stand back , Sis ! Gotta use Nova Heat to escape this crimson Kong . Johnny , no ! [ Johnny screams ] - Quick thinking , Mrs. Richards . - Johnny ! Is he all right ? He 'll be all right . He was just caught in the shock wave when his own Nova Flame rebounded against him . Klaw boasted he could turn sonic energy into living matter . Creating monsters like that gorilla requires complex machinery . There 's only one place it could be hidden . Panther ! Klaw is too dangerous to face alone . Wait up ! [ Sue ] Darling ! Be careful . Oh , Johnny . My sonic creations will trample Wakanda to dust ! Then the vibranium will be mine . Totally . My father gave his life to stop you , Klaw . Now his son is prepared to do the same . You were smart enough to find me , little prince , but too stupid to realize you strolled right into a trap ! [ crazed laughter ] Fool ! You cannot stop Klaw . Hope you don 't mind if I use some of your soundproofing ! No ! Klaw 's own force glove is shorting out the converter . - A sonic explosión is imminent ! - Then we must be faster . [ Klaw cackles ] This day has my father , T 'Chaka , been avenged . Thanks to you , my noble friends , the Black Panther need stalk no more . Klaw has been ... - [ squawking ] - [ Klaw ] Reborn . Reborn as the most powerful being on Earth . I am living , solidified sound . Nothing can stand before me . Flame on ! Yeah , yeah , yeah . Hey , you sonic sleazeball ! Here 's one Thing that 's standin ' before you . Fools ! My sonic power is limitless ! Behold the monsters I can create at will . [ trumpeting ] The armbands ! Of course ! Vibranium ! Mind if I borrow this , dear ? You want me , Klaw ? Here I am . No ! My sonic beams are ... Useless against pure vibranium , Klaw . [ Reed ] The one element that can absorb sonic energy . Klaw will not be defeated so easily . You wanted all our vibranium , Klaw . Enjoy it . No ! No ! Klaw 's sonic energy is being totally absorbed . No ! Well , you gotta say one thing for that super-villain . He gave big bang for the buck . Ha ! And you guys did a pretty bang-up job on my new bracelets . It will be my honor to replace them , but first ... The mantle of Black Panther can now be laid to rest . His missión is done . T 'Challa , the world has many dangers . For your people 's sake , and the entire world 's , a man with your powers can never rest . So what do you say ? Then ... let the monument of the Panther stand tall . The Black Panther is ready to stalk again . Now you 're talkin ' , Shere Khan . Man , what a sight ! And I bet the pigeons are gonna do a little stalking ' of their own on this baby ! [ Ben laughs ]
