 [ engine fires up ] ¶ On an outer space adventure ¶ They got hit by cosmic rays ¶ And the four were changed forever ¶ In some most fantastic ways ¶ No need to fear , they 're here ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four - ¶ Don 't need no more - ¶ That 's ungrammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four [ roars ] [ alien language ] [ speaks alien language ] Okay , okay . Hold it a second . In case you missed the story called Incursión Of The Skrulls , they 're evil aliens who seek to conquer our planet . - Would you back it up , please ? - [ tape whirs ] Because there may be some viewers who don 't speak Skrull , everything will be translated for you into English by the Mighty Marvel Translingual Interpreter . Revolting . I , Amok-Krall , Emperor of the Skrull , tricked by that despicable , elastic-bodied Earth lout Mr. Fantastic . But he fooled us all , Your Highness , by showing us those fake movie scenes we thought were real . Seeing monsters such as these , you decided our invasión would be doomed , even with the Fantastic Four out of the way . How could I know that Mr. Fantastic had assumed the identity of Kok Nal my own agent , who 'd previously assumed the guise of Mr. Fantastic to discredit him ? I would not even know I 'd been hoodwinked if you had not intercepted this garbage from some ... [ growls ] loathsome Earth entity known as " cable televisión " . But I shall be avenged . And I shall succeed in conquering the Earth because I have created the ultimate weapon . I give you Super Skrull . [ female Skrull chuckles ] Magnificent . But will he be powerful , cunning and resourceful enough to defeat the Fantastic Four ? Show her . These klaxon-beam fighters have orders to defeat Super Skrull , starting now . Flame on ! [ Amok-Krall ] The flame of Mr. Fantastic 's youthful friend , The Human Torch , will be no match for my champion . His flames are hotter than the laser lava of Mount Kling-Skreel-Ah . Collisión course ! Avert ! Now , bring on the cannibal android robots . Super Skrull 's stretchability makes Mr. Fantastic look like a second-hand rubber band . And his strength makes that crude Thing look as weak as a Ploverian toad-flea . [ female ] He is monumental , Your Excellency . Yes . [ chuckles ] I have graded his training report A for Annihilation . And this will be his graduation examination . [ female ] The noxious slime slug of Tyrruvial . His acid secretions can dissolve chromo-steel . We must flee . [ gasps ] Oh . What is the meaning of this outrage ? Be proud , Commander . You are a part of history in the making . Super Skrull can outdo the Invisible Woman as well . And he also has a keen flair for the theatrical . Are you all right , Commander ? One of my more interesting rides . And Super Skrull has one other special ability . I do , Your Highness , but in accordance with your instructions , I shall not reveal its nature until called upon to utilize it . Well spoken , warrior . Now , leave for Earth immediately . And rain destruction upon all who would block my conquest . I hear . And obey . [ woman ] No , no , you can 't weasel out of this one , Dr. Richards . You are responsible for damages to my building . And this court order says you 'll pay to fix them or go directly to jail . But Miss Forbes , that 's unreasonable . The building was damaged when we were saving Earth from Galactus . Balderdash and poppycock ! I have no time for fairy-tales . And extinguish your foot before I call the fire marshal . - Do it . - Oh , Reed . Now . I 'm sorry for you , Mrs. Richards . I think you may actually be a normal person down deep inside . But you owe me $ 150,000 to repair this building . And if I don 't have it by Friday , you can sleep in the subway . - Come along , Foo Foo , darling . - [ dog growls and yaps ] Lighten up , guys , Ben 's got it worked out . Since when is Ben a monetary expert ? His idea of investing is spending his entire allowance on Wayne Newton CDs . Well , he got it right this time . He said this is our ticket to financial independence . [ Reed ] Huh . High Visibility Productions . Manny Friendly , Producer . Ben sold our rights to MTV . We 're gonna be rock stars . All right , Benny , man , ready to rehearse your big number ? You got it , Manny , baby . [ heavy guitar riff ] [ Johnny ] Cool . Silence on my set ! I 'm Manny Friendly ! Producer , director , everything . A hairdresser , a decorator . I 'm sorry , I didn 't know . Put a sock in it , White Bread . - What was that ? - This is unprofessional . - I wanna see my agent . - You don 't have one . Then get me one , ya dipstick . - Look . - [ Reed ] Good grief ! [ Sue ] A spaceship ! - I have to get a better look . - [ Friendly ] Come back . Nobody leaves a Friendly set till I say so . This is incredible . A huge Skrull spaceship landing in the middle of Times Square . [ citizens clamor ] [ all shout ] [ Reed ] I think we 're in for the fight of our lives . Citizens of Planet Earth , I am Super Skrull , emissary of the Imperial Skrull Expedition Forces . I have been appointed by Emperor Amok to be your new leader . Here are your orders . [ chuckles ] The yutz expects New Yorkers to take orders ! He 's out of his gourd . You have 24 Earth hours to surrender all military personnel and weaponry to me . That does it . It 's time to give him the old five-finger facial . No , Ben . There 's a crowd , and Super Skrull is undoubtedly dangerous . You will obey or I shall destroy your city . Remember , 24 hours . The Skrulls wouldn 't have sent a single warrior down to conquer this planet , unless he had some extremely powerful capabilities . We 've gotta see where he 's going . [ Thing ] Better move it , 'cause we 're gonna lose the bum . Stop ! My rehearsal ! You signed a contract . [ Thing ] Yeah , but so did Roseanne Barr . [ Reed ] Stay well back . We don 't want him to know we 're on his tail . [ chuckles ] The fools are following you , Super Skrull . Just as the Emperor planned . [ Super Skrull ] Naturally . What Earth beings lack in intelligence , they make up for in stupidity . [ cackles ] Now I shall let them fight , on the ground of my choosing . He 's headed into the marsh . He must 've spotted us , darling . Secure for individual reconnaissance . Flame on . See you downstairs . Johnny , be careful . Yeah , and eat your vegetables and don 't talk to strange Skrulls . [ Reed ] Disengage . This could be a trap . Reed , is my fireproof collar mic working ? Perfectly . I read you loud and clear . Me , too , hothead . Keep yapping . It 's tough to make out , but I think I see Super Skrull 's ship ahead in a fog bank . Wait for us . We don 't know how powerful he is . I guess I better find out then , right ? [ Sue ] Johnny ! The young one shall be the first to feel my might . Look no further , Earthling . Here I am ! I 'm comin ' for you , you creature-feature reject . - You drained my flames from me . - How observant of you . Johnny . He 's been hurt . He expects you to rush to Johnny . Wait till I distract him , then do it . Here comes Mr. Fantastic himself . Right on cue . Soon it will be two down , two to go . Game is up , Super Skrull . Surrender while you can ... still ... breathe . Squeeze or be squeezed , eh , Mr. Fantastic ? Unluckily for you , this Skrull squeezes back . Johnny , speak to me ! Sis , Super Skrull outflamed me . And he 's matching Reed stretch for stretch . [ stretching , straining ] What unbelievable strength and elasticity . His powers may be superior to mine . But not greater than the four of us together . Now that you have been defeated , I ... We 're not through , Snake Eyes , we 're just warmin ' up . You 're about to get even warmer . You won 't harm them while I 'm here . Now it 's my turn . Not there . I 'm over here . Yah ! - He 's got Sue 's power too . - And more ! With you beaten , I shall ... Huh ? Yo , Lizard Lips ! It 's clobberin ' time . [ Sue ] Reed , he 's more powerful than Ben . Fantastic . This action will make my Thing video go platinum . Now it 's my turn , pally . - [ Reed ] Ben 's winning . - [ Sue ] Go , Ben , go . What ? That orange-skinned compost heap is demolishing my champion . Let 's get this footage back to the film lab now . Ah , the tide has turned , Excellency . [ Thing moans ] You get the license number of that truck ? You have served your purpose . Now go and tell your people that it is useless to resist me . Nothing can defeat Super Skrull ! [ narrator ] After a hurried consultation , the President of the U.S.A. and the United Nations launched an all-out strike on Super Skrull at his landing site in the New Jersey marsh . But the failure of this operation and unexpected lack of response from the Fantastic Four left world leaders with only one option : to meet Super Skrull 's demands until another course of action can be determined . The march of captive military personnel and their weapons has already begun , with less than one hour remaining until the deadline imposed by this strange alien invader . Great . Super Skrull 's getting away with murder 'cause nobody can take him . And the Fantastic Four 's sittin ' here like the Four Feeble Fussy Guys . Hmm . We don 't need " Hmming " , Big Brain , we need big-time clobberin ' . Reed knows that . If there 's a way out of this , he 'll find it . - You will , won 't you , darling ? - I 've got to . But two things puzzle me . First , if Super Skrull can duplicate , even surpass , each of our abilities , why didn 't he destroy us when he had the chance ? And why was Ben able to whip Super Skrull when Manny Friendly flew by , but unable to continue doing so when Friendly left ? It 's Friendly time ! You still got a video to deliver , Benny , baby , so you don 't come to me , I come to you . Super Skrull is about to destroy civilization . How can you even think about a stupid music video ? Hey , stupid music is my life . Sing it , Benny . Come on , man . It 's arresting time . They refuse to pay for the damages they did , so book ' em , Danno . [ feedback ] Oh ! What on earth was that hideous screech ? Feedback , lady , when you just walked between my artiste and this sensitive microphone , you screwed up the flow of melodic energy . - What did you say ? - She messed up the music . I 'll give you music , you horrible , hairy hippie . And you 're next , you tone-deaf nincompoop . Ah-ha ! Now I know how to defeat Super Skrull . To the laboratory , quickly . Hey , what about my future in the show biz ? Oh , well . When he comes to , tell him I 'm available for feature films . If I like the director . - They 're escaping , you dolts . - [ dog whines ] Foo Foo , kill , darling , kill . Just as Miss Forbes interrupted the flow of sound when she came between Ben and Manny 's microphone , Manny 's helicopter interrupted the flow of alien energy which was making Super Skrull invincible . Enormous energy , beaming down to him from Planet Skrull . So that 's why we couldn 't take him . He had a whole planet 's power source backing him up . Exactly . Oh , that 's a brilliant analysis , darling . Yeah . But what good does it do ? It enabled me to build this jammer device . Once it 's been placed on Super Skrull 's head , it may interrupt the flow of energy from his planet . Great . You ain 't sure that doohickey works , and all we gotta do is get him to wear it for a hat ? Well , it 's the only chance we have . Do we go for it , or not ? [ soldiers all talk at once ] Yes . They will make excellent slaves at the Murakium mines . Proceed , Super Skrull . - [ jet engines ] - Wh ... ? Yo , Jolly Green Goofball . We didn 't want you to get lonesome . We challenge you to a final confrontation . On Crater Island . [ Sue , Reed ] If you dare . You have just signed your death warrant . - I don 't like this , Majesty . - Nonsense . The generator which allows Super Skrull to tap into the full power of this planet is functioning brilliantly . [ Emperor ] Nothing can possibly go wrong . Hey , Turkey Neck , over here . Ah-ha ! It 's over , boy . - Now , Sue . - Super Skrull , use your final power . Now . Gotta ... let ... go . He has hypnotic powers . Sue , remember how we threw it at the beach . One Frisbee coming up . They 've blocked the energy flow . It 's ... it 's backfiring . [ Reed ] Hurry , his disorientation won 't last long . [ Reed ] Once Johnny fuses molten rock over the crater mouth , no Skrull planet energy rays will be able to penetrate . And so , the menace of Super Skrull is ended . - [ heavy guitar ] - ¶ Yo , what time is it ? ¶ It 's clobberin ' time ¶ Yo , what time is it ? ¶ It 's clobberin ' time - ¶ Yo , what time is it ? ... - Don 't watch , Precious . Don 't you dare . It will rot your brain . [ dog barks ] ¶ It 's clobberin ' time [ Thing ] ¶ Fightin ' crud takes all of my time ¶ I 'm so pretty with a funky rhyme [ man ] ¶ Yo , what time is it ? ¶ It 's clobberin ' time ¶ Yo , what time is it ? ¶ It 's clobberin ' time ¶ Yo , what time is it ? ¶ It 's clobberin ' time ¶ Yo , what time is it ? ¶ It 's clobberin ' time ¶ Gettin ' down all over town ¶ Can 't go wrong with a funky rap song ¶ Got pretty blue eyes , but I 'm twice your size ¶ No stupid creep had better get wise ¶ Yo , what time is it ? ¶ It 's clobberin ' time ...
