 ¶ On an outer space adventure ¶ They got hit by cosmic rays ¶ And the four were changed forever ¶ In some most fantastic ways ¶ No need to fear , they 're here ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four - ¶ Don 't need no more - ¶ That 's ungrammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four [ The Thing ] Hey , ain 't this great , Alicia ? I mean , here we are , inside , outside the storm , we 're in here nice and cozy . We got cocoa , popcorn , pork rinds , and each other . Hey ... It 's lovely , Ben . And Reed and Sue have gone to a lecture and Johnny is at a rock concert , which means we 're here alone . Hot dog ! We got the TV all to ourselves ! [ The Thing ] Fightin ' fat guys . I mean , is this the best or what ? [ Alicia , sighing ] Oh , Ben . It 's perfect . What the ... Hey ! I 've got pork rinds in my hair . What happened , Ben ? Huh ? Uh ... nothin ' , I mean , I guess . Hey , my Pearl Jam concert got rained out . Oh , man , sumo wrestling . That sucks . Iron Man , cool . Hey , who asked you to butt in , Butthead ? You gimme that , come here ... Wait , there 's three of us , let 's ask Alicia what she wants . [ Alicia ] Please , settle down , I 'm spilling my cocoa . - [ Johnny ] Yikes ! - [ Alicia ] Oh , my ! - What happened ? - You got me . But I 'm glad we weren 't watching a buffalo stampede . I 'd better change to something safer , fast . Now , the haunting call of the ever-popular Tufted Titmouse . [ imitates bird call ] Oh , man , that big robot Último came right out of the TV set . - Well ... - Mind if I change the channel ? The lecture was cancelled because of the storm . What on earth happened to this room ? Later , sweetheart , I want to watch my favorite program . - Hey , hold on , Stretcho . - Reed , no ! Don 't press that ... button ! [ TV ] And now , The March of Science . What is wrong with you three ? I think you 've been watching too many cartoons . This will stimulate your minds . And now , our special presentation , a study of raptors and pterodactyls . Beeth ! Thanks a lot , Big Brain ! Look , you just gave us Jurassic Park on 29th Street . Stay close , Alicia . Something incredibly weird is going on . [ Reed ] Here they come . Okay , you be Barney Rubble , I 'll be Fred Flintstone . It 's time to " yabba dabba doo ! " [ as Barney Rubble ] Uh , flaming ' on , Fred ! Take a hike , Dino ! [ Reed ] Look ! They 're becoming pure energy and returning to the televisión set . [ Sue ] That leaves us with one pterodactyl to go . - The TV ! - [ Sue ] What happened ? - [ Johnny ] It 's off . - I turned it off . Good thinking , Alicia . But shutting off the televisión won 't benefit us for very long . Those televisión images were effectively brought to life by a gigantic infusión of elemental life energy . You see , all matter is composed of the same basic components , atoms , ions , neurons and so forth . The power of elemental life energy is so great , it can reassemble them and literally bring anything to life . Hmm . I 'm sorry I asked . If we don 't find its source and shut it down , there 's no telling what else it may affect . We 've got to hurry . [ Reed ] My sensor indicates the elemental energy source is now two miles above Manhattan . - And moving fast . - Look ! There it is ! [ roars ] - Say " Ahhh " , Buttercup . - [ Reed ] I triangulated the coordinates . [ The Thing ] Hang onto your shorts 'cause the G-force 'll give you a wedgie ! [ Reed ] Adapt for space capability . Good luck ! Oh ... A strange warm light , moving toward me from a great distance . Somehow ... I 'm not afraid . It is you ! The Silver Surfer ! Yes , Alicia Masters . I 've returned to see the Fantastic Four on an urgent matter . But they just left . They went to investigate a strange outpouring of energy which seems to be coming from somewhere in space . Then there may yet be time . Time to do what ? To stand with them in final battle . Their lives and the lives of all who dwell on Earth are now in deadly peril . We 're all in danger ? I was flying above your world when suddenly , I felt a surge of incalculable energy draining freely into your atmosphere . Such energy could have come only from Galactus , the devourer of worlds . Yes . I remember hearing how you helped Ben and his friends to save our planet from him . But I can only imagine how it happened . Then let my thoughts be your eyes so your mind can see . From time beyond imagining I was herald to Galactus , endlessly searching the Cosmos for worlds abundant with life upon which he could feed and slake his ever-gnawing great hunger , no matter how many lives it consumed . But the Fantastic Four would not allow Earth to be devoured . And with your help , I learned to see your world as it is , to recognize its capacity for goodness . And so I chose to defy my master and fight for this planet . But now I must find the Fantastic Four . When Galactus releases elemental life energy into a planet 's atmosphere , it means he is ravenously hungry and salivating like a wild beast before it seizes its prey . He will not rest until he has eaten his fill . Do not lose hope , Alicia . To be alive is to believe in miracles . [ Johnny ] It 's Galactus 's sphere . Looks like his warranty ran out . [ Reed ] Galactus , of course . Who else would possess enough elemental life energy to bring televisión images to life on Earth ? And yet , my scanners don 't indicate his presence here . Stop your gabbin ' and pay attention . I 'm hitting the headlights ! That 's strange . [ Sue ] I expected the technology in Galactus 's sphere to be much more advanced than this . Look , an anti-matter generator to transmit elemental life energy to Earth in the form of lightning . And those strange empty pods . Fascinating ! - Prepare for space walk . - [ computer ] Suiting up . [ computer ] Outfitting complete . If this is Galactus 's sphere , where is he ? Look ! The Silver Surfer Dude ! [ The Thing ] What 's he doing up here in East Nowheresville ? We must leave this place at once , it is a trap . I don 't understand . We just got here . - [ Johnny ] What 's the problem ? - You 're not making sense , Chrome Dome . This is not the universe-spanning sphere of Galactus . So maybe he got a brother Irving and this is his jalopy ? No , Ben , my scanner proves those pods contain concentrated life energy in synthetic form . Why would Galactus need synthetic life energy when he sucks up the real thing ? [ male voice ] That is an excellent question , young man . - It 's Doctor Doom ! - Hey , what 's he doing here ? Where is the creep ? I 'm far over your head , as usual . You 're playing a dangerous game , Doom . So much energy is highly unstable . The forces you unleashed could have destroyed you . True , but I had to risk it to make the Silver Surfer believe Galactus had returned . Only then would he come here to try to rescue you from his former master . Why did you want me to do that ? So I could accomplish something that would be impossible within Earth 's gravitational field . The theft of your cosmic powers ! The power of the Surfer 's strength flows through me now ! His skills are mine ! Aaagh ! [ laughs ] Superb ! Surfer , are you all right ? Weak ... My legs and arms are heavy . [ Doctor Doom ] It is as I have told you . With my genius and the Surfer 's cosmic powers , nothing can stop me from grinding the governments of the world beneath my heel and dominating this planet ! [ laughs ] Well , why don 't you stop me ? Well , I thought you 'd never ask , Rust for Brains . Okay , it 's clobberin ' time . Come , Johnny Storm ! It 's your turn to save the planet from the threat of Doctor Doom . Huh ? [ Reed ] The anti-matter generator , Johnny . Heat it to fusión temperature and it 'll draw the Surfer 's powers out of his armor . Thermite flame on ! A brilliant counter-move , Richards . But useless . You wisely employed thermite flame to burn in oxygen-less space . But when your flame goes out , your body will expand with the vacuum until you burst ! Ha ! Stay in the capsule , Johnny . - Reed , we 've gotta get him to Earth . - Yes , all of you , run for home with your tails between your legs . Your time in the sun has ended , and mine has begun ! [ Reed ] No , don 't pursue , Surfer . You don 't have the strength . [ Sue ] He 's falling ! Easy , Surfer . I 'm coming to get you . - Surfer , are you all right ? - No use . I 'm de-energized . Stripped of my powers . [ explosión ] Fender Head booby-trapped the joint . We gotta get outta here . [ Sue ] Doctor Doom was dangerous enough before . How can we stop him now that he has the Surfer 's powers ? I don 't know , sweetheart , but we 'll think of something . If we don 't , our world will truly be doomed , in every sense of the word . [ Doctor Doom ] Citizens of the world , pay close attention to the following demonstration . I have arranged this to show you the folly of resistance . Contact your leaders and order them to step aside by noon tomorrow , when I shall preside at my coronation and take full command . Do this and you shall be allowed to live and serve me . Resist and I shall exterminate you ! All hail Doctor Doom ! That tin-can clown is holding all the aces . It 's the Surfer ! Reed 's got him flying again and ... Huh ? Hey , watch it , will you ? Look out , Alicia ! What is it ? Ben , you sound so concerned . [ Sue ] Did it come this way ? You mean something that looked like a double exposure of the Surfer getting electrocuted ? Yes . It came in , went right through Alicia 's head , - and took off through the wall . - [ sighs ] I suspected as much . I 've been trying to bond a film of elemental life energy to the Surfer 's metalloid skin , in an effort to restore at least some of his cosmic powers . Well , that was as close as I 've come . It still wasn 't close enough . Poor Foo Foo ! I know you want to see your Lassie re-runs . But there 's nothing on except this tacky man covered in aluminum siding . However , Mummy 's little boy still has to eat his nummie nums ! Please , precious . It 's full of nice gooey oatmeal , chicken hearts and ... Oh ! Mercy ! No ! No ! No ! Go away ! Oh ! I 've never felt so helpless . If only we possessed the awesome power of Galactus . Well , we do have one weapon . Our intellects . Ahh ! A golden energy has come to replace the silver . And then it , too , vanishes . I 'm so sorry . If Doctor Doom was able to remove the Surfer 's powers , there must be some way to restore them , darling . There is , sweetheart . I just have to find a way to make it stick for longer than a few seconds . Out of my way , you great orange yahoo ! Hey , you can 't go in there , lady . Oh , no ? This is my building , I 'll go where I like . Miss Forbes , we 're in the midst of an experiment . I can 't ... Well , don 't I know it ? Some flying apparition resembling Mr Silverman , there , flitted into my apartment without a by-your-leave and completely discombobulated my darling Foo Foo . Excuse us , please . Yeah , don 't think we didn 't enjoy your visit . I 'm not finished ! This is my building and I have rules . Rules which must be obeyed . [ Miss Forbes ] Oh ! Miss Forbes dictates rules for her own benefit and then gets angry when others don 't follow them . Please don 't judge the rest of us by her . I shall not . - No , you should . - What ? ! A rule can be a wonderful thing , especially if it 's been made by someone who will stop at nothing to enforce it . An inflexible rule . Of course , that is the answer , Reed Richards . - Will someone please explain ? - There 's no time now , Sue . Ben , Johnny , we may still be able to defeat Doctor Doom ! The moment of destiny is upon me . Turn on the televisión cameras so the world may witness my coronation . - [ Reed ] Sorry , Doom . - Huh ? Your coronation is being canceled because of a missing crown . Uh ? No monarch can tolerate an act of such defiance and rule . You shall bend to my iron will or I shall obliterate you ! Stop ! You cannot escape my domain ! Return my crown ! And then prepare to taste my wrath ! Reed ! It worked . Here he comes ! [ Johnny ] Galactus himself ! Who violates the edict of Galactus with such arrogant abandon ? I am Doctor Doom ! I have broken no rule of yours . Now , stand aside . I must deal with these upstarts . I realize now that it was my mention of the word Galactus that spurred you into action . Do what you must , Reed Richards . Yes , Surfer ... Now ! We meet again , Galactus . Yes , Herald . But we meet beyond the barrier which I had forbidden you to cross . It was a journey I could not have made without the Fantasticar . Because the cosmic powers you bestowed upon me were stolen by him . What ? ! This armor-clad microbe dares undo what Galactus has ordained ? Let his deed now be undone ! Ahh ! The radiant energy returns ! The power cosmic is mine once more ! - The Surfer is himself again ! - Way to go ! Yeah , but where does that leave old Iron Butt ? No ! I am destined to rule the world ! As for you , my once and former herald , you shall return to the exile I have imposed upon you . The solar system is yours to traverse . But only Galactus shall roam the Cosmos . - [ Reed ] Well done , Surfer ! - [ Johnny ] Way to go , dude ! - [ The Thing ] Yeah ! - Now let 's go home . [ Reed ] Imagine ! With seconds to spare , we saved the Earth from the tyranny of Doctor Doom . Yeah , yeah , yeah . But the best part is , if we get back fast enough , we can still catch the beginning of Iron Man ! ¶ There 's Galactus looking hungry ¶ And Doctor Doom is near ¶ Here come the Skrulls invading ¶ Do you run and hide in fear ? ¶ No way , no way , no way ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four ¶ That 's all , no more Now , that 's grammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call for the Four ¶ Fantastic Four
