 [ engine fires up ] ¶ On an outer space adventure ¶ They got hit by cosmic rays ¶ And the four were changed forever ¶ In some most fantastic ways ¶ No need to fear , they 're here ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four - ¶ Don 't need no more - ¶ That 's ungrammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four When we last left the Fantastic Four , a mysterious enemy named Doctor Doom had kidnapped Sue , and trapping Reed , Johnny and The Thing in an amazing energy rope net , carried them off to his castle deep in the Black Forest . Putting Reed , Johnny and The Thing into separate , escape-proof confinements , Doctor Doom announced he had a missión for them in the morning when the blizzard cleared . Reed told Sue to keep Doom talking as long as possible to give them time to break free and rescue her . My story begins many years ago . In a gypsy camp , not far from the vineyards below this castle , my father , Rudolph , was a most important man . A respected healer . There was nothing miraculous about his cures . Ancient knowledge passed down from generations . On many occasions he saved children who lay ill with dreaded fevers , the gratitude in their eyes the only reward he sought . But the simple people of the village believed he was a miracle worker . A sorcerer . While some revered him , others saw him as a target , a golden goose whose feathers they could pluck . They saw their opportunity . They were sure my father had no chance . Such arrogant confidence . The villains ' cruelty was without bounds . But they did not know what kind of man they chose that night . They planned to wait on the road to Robeck , believing the violent storm would hide their crime . [ Doom laughs ] Their just deserts awaited them like a serpent in the night . My father 's scientific skills had powerful manifestations . The robot spider served him well . As did a brilliant innovation in self-protective science . An illuminated buckle which produced a blinding flash . The superstitious fools ! Reed , Johnny and The Thing escaped and set off to find her in the diabolical maze of passageways leading into the castle . One of these passageways must lead to the main castle . One for the money , two for the show , we gotta save Susie , now , which way do we go ? That icy wind is from the storm outside . It 's strongest from the left . From the brief glimpse I caught of the castle 's juxtaposition with the mountain face , - I deduce ... - Yeah , yeah , yeah . You said left , we 're going left . And now , back to the Fantastic Four and the Mask of Doom . If we wait for you to stop yapping , we 'll be on Medicare and so far , this looks pretty good . Intruders , intruders ! Destroy , destroy ! Intruders , intruders ! Looks like we have a reception committee . - Destroy ! - And they 're not alone . [ The Thing ] Just our luck . Doctor Doom watched that Indiana Jones picture ! Johnny , see that our visitors greet each other ... warmly . Intruders , intruders ! Warm greetings coming up ! Intruders , intruders ! Destroy , destroy ! Great work , Johnny , the metal is at fusión temperature . They 're welded together , Ben . It 's all yours . Goofball in the corner pocket . Sue 's still Doom 's prisoner . Time is our enemy . This way . Hurry . You were speaking of your father , Doctor Doom . My father did nothing but good . But as fate would have it , his goodness was his undoing . Ja , the healer and his son ! Find them ! Hearing of my father 's healing gifts , the local baron summoned him to the castle . I wished I had been a man so that I could have protected him . It was the baron 's wife . My father could see at a glance she was beyond help . But the baron said ... " If my wife dies , healer , you and all you love shall die with her . " My father knew we had no choice but to run for our lives . For weeks , we wandered through wastelands in the dead of winter . A winter much colder than this . And then the ski patrol hunted us down as if we were little more than wild beasts . There they are ! Shoot them down ! They believed we were dead . The merciless jackals ! But they were wrong . My father was near the end of his strength . His last thoughts were of me . You have a great destiny to fulfill , Victor . You must survive . And triumph ! Survive and triumph ! The baron 's troops caused my mother 's death when I was an infant . And now the baron had taken my father from me . I swore that day not only the baron but all mankind would pay . Revenge ! I dedicated my life to revenge . One of these passageways must lead to the main castle . Watch out ! Robot archers ! Stay back ! [ Reed ] Another death trap . A robotic squid replicant . Its tentacles are oozing corrosive poison . Guess we shouldn 't go this way neither , huh ? The place is full of booby traps . Do we try going north or south ? Or east or west ? Let 's try ... up ! And hurry , we 've less than four hours until sunrise . We gotta hope Sue can keep Doom distracted until we find her . In the years that followed , I studied my father 's books of ancient knowledge . And I supported myself by performing small ... miracles for the gullible and corrupt nobility . I created an automatic violin for an untalented music lover . What the ... ? ! And then there was my hair restorer . Which made me the object of a nationwide manhunt . I was sentenced to die by firing squad . It was then they learned I was a master of robots . But the hour grows late . I should let you get some rest before morning . No , no , I 'm not sleepy . Please , continue your story . You mustn 't stop now when you 've got me so ... intrigued . Yes , I must remember to be hospitable . There is still much to tell . I 'm sick of going nowhere . Are we gonna save Susie or what ? - Uh-oh . Dead end again . - No problem . Let me punch us a door out . Oh ! Look out ! Another shoot-the-chute . Put on the brakes . Whoa ! Gotta stop or we 're cooked ! Feet , do your stuff . Don 't let nobody tell you your big feet ain 't beautiful . Agh ! Too hot to hold on much longer . Johnny , you make an updraft . - Fast ! - Okay , Reed ! Agh ! Get your foot out of my nose . Flame on ! One whirlwind coming up ! Johnny must create enough of a vacuum to suck the flame up the flue and cool off the furnace . And it 's working perfectly . The fire 's gone up the chimney , guys . Come on down . Not a moment too soon . Well done ! Maybe you was well done . But I was more like medium rare . Yeah , not bad , squirt . And we 've got to do better if we 're gonna save Sue . - This way , hurry . - Right . Santa Claus couldn 't make it up that chimney . But I got more finesse than him . [ The Thing ] Don 't fly so close down there . Ooh ! Ow ! Hey ! Watch it ! [ Reed ] The castle structure is honeycombed with traps . We 'll have better luck coming in on Doom from the outside . There ! That suspensión bridge . Hurry , there isn 't much time till daybreak . The powerful forces I had defied did not forgive ... or forget . They hunted me at every turn . But I was prepared . My inventions could not be defeated . My armor-shielded sports car was an indestructible target which greatly surprised those vicious , ignorant soldiers . [ yelling ] My ice grenade was but one of many inventions which soon brought me to the attention of the finest university of science in America , which gave me a full tuition scholarship . - [ Susie ] Where you met Reed ! - [ Doom ] Yes . Reed Richards . The only man who was my scientific equal . But though we studied and worked together , he lacked my daring , my fascination with forbidden experiments . Therefore I explored the mystery of space-time transportation ... .. alone . He warned me not to do it but I would not be stopped . Then ... I survived but at a terrible cost . I ... wandered the mountains of Tibet , seeking oblivion , until I was taken in by a brilliant order of monks . Under their guidance , I learned the ancient craft of molecular metallurgy . And there I constructed a face I would show the world . [ screams ] From that moment on , I knew that I was meant to be the master of all ! And I shall be , thanks to my four superpowered captives . But you haven 't finished your story . I ... I want to know more . A new day is dawning , my dear . And the storm has passed . The time for the telling of stories is over . Hauptmann ! - Yes , Excellency ? - To work ! Manacle my guest and escort her to my laboratory at once . [ Doom ] Hurry . [ Reed ] This bridge is rickety . Unsafe . But it 's the only sure way into the castle . Whoa ! Mayday ! Got you , Ben ! Look out ! Don 't let go , Stretcho ! Whoa ! - Hang on , guys . - [ The Thing ] Oh , jeez . This bungee-jumping is for the birds . Lucky for you I 've got good connections . Well , thanks for the melt job , kid . Now let 's find Susie and blow this cockamamy dump . Yah ! Hur ! Eugh ! This joint 's creepier than the basement . Hey ! You 're blinding me ! - Who 's there ? - Gentlemen . I knew you 'd find your way here if I gave you sufficient time to escape your special cells . I got a can-opener with your name on it , Fender Face . Wait , Ben . He still has Sue . A wise precaution , Richards . You see , I knew there 'd be too many opportunities for you to get away if I tried to bring you directly to this laboratory . So I created a little charade to make sure you 'd come here on your own . Now your missión ! You will be using my time machine . It will take you back to Ancient Greece where you will have 48 hours to find a certain artifact and return it to me . Last night 's blizzard would have made time travel less certain . But there is nothing to stop you now . Come forward . Every second is precious . Wait . How do I know Sue will be safe ? You don 't . Look . The walls of this room constrict one square every eight hours . Six squares remain until your wife is very ... hard-pressed . You swine ! You 've destroyed a perfectly good robot . But I understand your emotional response . However , save your strength for the missión . Missión schmissión . You said you want us to bring back an artifact , right ? Yes . Okay . What 's an artifact ? In this case , it is an object of great beauty and power . Somewhere in Ancient Greece , you will find the coffin of Argos . Bring it to me and Susan will live . Fail and she dies . And I shall leave you stranded in antiquity for ever . Now ... go ! Hey , what the ... ? The energy from the time machine ... It 's monumental ! We 're ... we 're fading away ! ¶ There 's Galactus looking hungry ¶ And Doctor Doom is near ¶ Here come the Skrulls invading ¶ Do you run and hide in fear ? ¶ No way , no way , no way ¶ Just call the Four ¶ Fantastic Four ¶ That 's all , no more Now , that 's grammatical ¶ Reed Richards is elastic ¶ Sue can fade from sight ¶ Johnny is the Human Torch ¶ The Thing just loves to fight ¶ Call for the Four ¶ Fantastic Four
