 In the latter half of the Twentieth Century rapid advancements in technology at last resulted in the development of artificial substitutes for human beings . A synthesis of mechatronics , artificial intelligence , and biotechnology they freed people from all kinds of menial labor . People called these symbols of the era , " Boomers , assemblers of prosperity . " People all hold more love and dreams than they can hold with both hands and paint those dreams for tomorrow while entrusting the future to a new-falling star . If you go step by step on your own two legs , without stopping before everything your arms touch transforms into phantasms you can approach those dreams . Now begins the unending dream when you search for yourself , sleeping in the depths of your heart . Now begins the unending journey . Fix your sights on a far away time . Good night . Hey , Bogarde , why don 't you join us ? Cut that out , you jerk ! I beg your pardon , sir . Under Article 0012 of the Regulations , I cannot leave this area . So long . Good night , Bogarde . Good night . Take care , Okay ? Mike , Ellie , good night . This is a No-Parking Zone . Please move your vehicle at once . If you do not move within fifteen seconds , the Police will be notified . AD Police , AD Police , this is Glory Ba ... A bank robbery involving powered suits is in progress . The scene is Glory Bank , in the Kabuto Area . All personnel , check your equipment . A bank robbery is in progress at the Kabuto Area Glory Bank . All personnel , check your equipment . You 're completely surrounded ! Come out of those powered suits quietly ! I 'll count to three ! If you don 't come out by then , we 're coming in after you ! One ! Two ! Three ! Fire ! Fire ! Scatter ! Run for it ! What the hell ... That 's not one of our choppers . Which means ... Shit ! Damage report ! Where are our choppers ? ! No way those guys were amateurs . Please give us permission to assemble a special mobile suit team ! We 're up against an outfit with some serious military suits ! With our current equipment , we 're just throwing our lives away ! Are you listening , Chief ? The way things are now , we can 't do our job ! I know what you 're saying , but it just makes my life difficult ! Employing the heavy mobile force is an extremely difficult decision to make when you consider the potential for civilian casualties , you know ? We know that ! That 's why we need the Diet 's approval . Please meet with the Diet , so we can use the heavy equipment without delay . All right , all right ... But , complaints from citizens have been heavy lately and that 's something we can 't ignore . It 's your job as Special Police to find some way to catch these criminals without using the heavy equipment . HOLD lT ! Thank you , AD Police ! You , too , can be one of the elite ! Join AD Police , for youthful adventure ! " AD POLICE NOW RECRUITING ! " What is it with the new Chief ? He 's some corporate retiree they appointed so he could earn his retirement pay . They think AD Police is a cash cow , after all . That 's ridiculous . He 'll ruin the good name of the Advanced Police . Would you like a refill on your coffee ? I tell you , AD Police 's future is shot . Anyway , about that bank robbery ... What 's this ? I 'm sorry . Oh , she 's done it again . There 's just no end to the breakdowns on this built-in coffeemaker model . I 'll have someone clean this up right away . You 're a real problem for me , you are . That reminds me , a hot dog I ate recently had a spoon in it . That 's because even though they look like human beings they 've got no more brains than an orangutan . Man , I tell ya , there 's Boomers everywhere . It 's the labor shortage . I hear these cheap Boomers are selling like hotcakes . So will there eventually be nothing but Boomers in MegaTokyo ? We , AD Police , are the Special Felony Crimes Elite Team but almost all crime in this town is connected with Boomers . The Normal Police try to stick us with writing tickets for them and the bureaucrats , afraid of complaints treat us like we 're a nuisance . And to top it off , there 's this new Chief . Would you prefer to try calling on the Knight Sabers ? The Knight Sabers ... You know , I haven 't heard anything about them lately . What 's going on with them ? Those mercenaries ... ? Where might a person go in search of streetlights and lots of dreams ? Why won 't time stop itself for me just the way it is now ? The days when we laughed side by side are all so far away . " Catch me , Oh , Catch me . " I 'm drifting away in the dead of night . " Catch me ... " Warm my closed heart in the palm of your hand , always . Damn ! The bigshots all split . Priss , BABE ! That was good ! Very good ! Priss , BABE ! That was good ! Very good ! You were excellent , Priss . But ... Oh , the big guys are always busy with something but it seemed as though they really wanted to hear the whole thing . You mean ... ? Uh-huh . Didn 't I tell you not to worry ? We can begin preparations for recording as early as tomorrow . Re ... Recording ? The ... The pro debut I 've dreamed of ? Yes ! Your songs will be all over MegaTokyo ! M ... My songs ... my songs ... ? Now that that 's settled , let 's continue this discussion at my place , just you and I ... ALL right ! Pr ... Priss ! My songs are gonna get recorded ! All right ! ALL right ! Here it comes ! Hey , Omni 's going up ! Does someone have info on them ? Nene 's tip about Omni 's involvement in developing a new Al was dead on ! Yes ? Oh , Omni ? Yes , I definitely think it 's going up . Thirty ? Why , certainly , sir . I 'm also buying Omni ... so go up , go up ... and I 'II never stop laughing ! It really was a good idea for me to change jobs . Is your Boomer peppy ? If he 's getting run down , then he needs CYBER-kun ! Super-power your Boomer . Revive him instantly , with CYBER-kun ! Hey , have you two been listening to what I 've been saying ? My songs ... Oh , Essex is on the move ... Hey ! What is it , Nene ? Want another beer ? Don 't you drink too much . If you strip again , I won 't be responsible for you . WHO 'S going TO strip ? ! Strip ? Did someone say strip ? Who 's going to strip ? Hey , this isn 't the planned MA ! I can 't let them get away with it . You 're money-crazed . You got some nerve talking about me , Little Miss Cyberpunk . You only hear me when I 'm insulting you . What 's so interesting about working for a securities firm ? I 'm making money with my brain now . No more sweaty aerobics for me ! Say , Priss , when you get the money from the sales of your CD , give it to me . I 'll double it for you . Sounds awful ... All you two think about are yourselves ! Aren 't you concerned about Sylia ? Sylia ? What about Sylia ? " We apologize for the inconvenience . " When did they start building here ? Some time ago . You didn 't know ? No . And Sylia ? Nowhere to be found . Hey , what 're we gonna do ? " What 're we gonna do ? " About what ? About Sylia ! She 's probably gone to see Mackie , right ? Isn 't he in Germany ? He took off to study there all of a sudden ... You two sure are carefree . If you 're that worried , look for her yourself . You 're in AD Police , after all . AD Police can 't be relied upon ! That 's why the Knight Sabers are necessary ! Let 's go get those powered-suit bank robbers ! I don 't like such barbaric things . For one thing , we won 't get any money from it . Plus , I can 't get hurt before my debut . And you don 't care what happens to the Knight Sabers ? The Knight Sabers ... I am kind of nostalgic about them ... No ... Nostalgic ? Those were good times , huh ? Why do you refer to them in the past tense ? Oh , I never thought that the Knight Sabers would ever break up ... Last night , around 8 : 30 P.M. , another bank was assaulted by a gang wearing military mobile suits . This incident occurred out in the open , in the busy Fourth District and by the time AD Police arrived , the gang had vanished without a trace . AD Police still have no leads as to the gang 's true identity . Nevertheless , public outcry against AD Police 's unreliability is growing and speculation is that the organization itself will be reexamined . How AD Police got to be like this will be ... How can you sit and watch that so calmly ? Aren 't you insulted ? What 's the point ? We can 't take down mobile suits like those . Don 't you have any pride in being AD Police ? Dying with your boots on isn 't very trendy . Besides , you can 't spend your own insurance money . You 've got some way with words . Even the Police have gone bad in this town ! Come on , Daley , let 's go work off some stress at the shooting range ! You 'd better not . I told you not to do it . The boss seems to be in bed with a game-maker . Damn ! Oh , it 's you , Nene . Hey ! Are you gonna kill me ? After I went to the trouble of digging up the data on those powered suits ? It 's a little off . This is as close as they get . Perhaps they 've been modified . The EC was developing a prototype suit for close combat three years ago but when faults were identified during the testing stage , development halted . At least , officially . Officially ? This is as far as the AD Police Databank goes . But there 's probably more to it , right , Nene ? How about a coupon good for three days worth of free desserts at Scirocco ? According to another source , there is data which indicates that a European mercenary outfit employed this type of suit . A mercenary outfit ? Which database did you pull this from ? Neo-NATO 's Top Secret Line . There 'd be an international incident if anyone found out . The lllegal Army ... South America , the Middle East , Southeast Asia . Why are such professional warmongers playing " Gangsters and Terrorists " in MegaTokyo ? I can 't believe they 're in it just for the money . But look ! Apparently their leader , one Colonel Lando was killed in action a year ago , in an operation in the Philippines . I remember that . Word had it that a big Japanese concern was backing a mercenary outfit . But the operation went awry and nearly the entire unit was supposedly wiped out . I 'm beginning to get the picture ... But we probably can 't do anything to stop them . Don 't give up ! AD Police is all there is now ! That 's it , no doubt about it . Well done , Colonel Lando . Yes , Sir ! It does indeed appear to be one of the components of the new AI . But , by itself , it is meaningless . One of the last two components appears to be at Zone Corporation Labs but we do not know the location of the other . Get them , whatever it takes . This AI is absolutely essential to our project . Yes , sir ! Stop saluting , Lando . I am not your commander anymore , I am your comrade . Okay ... there you are ... Now I 've got you ! Oh , what 's the use ? I can 't rely on AD Police , I can 't get a hold of Sylia and I can 't even beat this game ! Hi ! Sylia ! Where 've you been ? Here and there ... Been renovating the shop , too . How are Priss and Linna ? Oh , they 're just peachy ! Let me tell you ! I 'm currently staying nearby , at the lmperial Hotel . I wonder if you 'd get the others and come up to my room this evening . I 've something important to discuss with all of you . Some ... Something important ... ? I 'll have a feast laid out for you . Sylia ... What 's with the fancy food ? It 's not normal , is it ? Maybe it 's our last supper ! What 's wrong with you ? Hurry up and eat , so we can start our talk . Sylia ... about this " talk ... " I won 't be able to relax without at least hearing what this talk is about . Oh , me neither . Oh ... Well , there 's nothing for it , I suppose ... I 'd really wanted to discuss this after dinner , in a leisurely fashion , but ... The truth is ... No ! I won 't hear of us breaking up ! Calm down , Nene . We understood from the outset that this would happen someday . But ... But I like the work we do as the Knight Sabers ! Uh , hold on a second , would you ? You don 't have to say another word , Sylia . I 'm already resigned to it . If Priss and Linna quit , I 'll do it alone ! Hey , don 't put it like that . Fact is , a pro debut was always my dream and I 'm going to be busy once it happens , but ... Yeah , me too . I can manage it , sure , say , when the market 's closed . Sylia , I 'm begging you ! Stop the Knight Sabers from breaking up ! I wondered what you were talking about ! Is that what you were thinking ? Then you 're not going to talk about breaking up ? No , we 're not going to break up , you silly girls ! Then , that something important ... Is the discussion of our next job , of course . An awful lot of offers have accumulated during our brief vacation . And since the equipment upgrades finally seem to be finished as well I thought it was time to start up again ... not break up ! Then all my worrying was for nothing ... Nene ! What makes you think that the Knight Sabers would disband , anyway ? Oh ? Priss , your pro debut is set , right ? Huh ? Oh , uh , yeah ... Linna , you 're working hard at your securities firm , aren 't you ? How about buying a few shares , Sylia ? Let 's talk about that later , when we have more time . But right now , let 's eat . Don 't mind if I do ! There seems little doubt that the bank robbers currently plaguing the city are the mercenary outfit known as the illegal Army . But the strange thing is , it 's a matter of record that their leader , Colonel Lando was killed some years ago , along with nearly all his men , in a failed operation . I found out this much just by using AD Police 's computers . That 's terrific , Nene . Well , with you gone , and the Knight Sabers seemingly breaking up I figured that AD Police would have to take our place , somehow . Will you stop talking about breaking up ! I 'm sorry . But , if we consider this data , then just who is causing all the fuss now ? That 's the question . Some members might possibly have survived . And they 're trying to take revenge on the Japanese corporation that sent them to destruction ? But all they 've done so far is rob banks . That doesn 't seem to be the case . The fact is , our client this time out is Zone Corporation . I know Zone ... they make Boomer brains . What 's the connection ? This is one component of the special AI which Zone Corporation secretly developed for a new type of Boomer . Zone hasn 't told the media , but the Illegals stole this component from Glory Bank , together with 30 billion in gold bullion . I 've never seen anything like it . They can 't announce anything because of corporate security concerns . Naturally , just the one component is of no use by itself . The AI 's faculties can only be realized if all four components are assembled . So the first two were at Glory and Omni ? Right . In short , they 're using the money as a smokescreen . But their real objective is the four components of this AI . Our job is to protect the remaining two . But how ? The bait has already been laid out . We may get a nibble any time now . This makes three . Hold it right there , mercenaries ! Surrender ! Resistance is useless ! Not the flies again ... Throw down your weapons at once ! Damn ! Damn it ! You guys won 't be pushing anyone around anymore ! That idiot ! Let 's do it ! A hornet among the flies ... This is for the pride of AD Police ! Don 't interfere ! I 'll take him . Leon doesn 't stand a chance against a suit like that ! Let him do it his way . This is the end ! Now ! Sorry ' bout that . Not so fast ! Victory is mine . Hang on ! We 're getting out of here ! It 's no use , sir ! Please , just leave me ! I won 't let you die ! I 'm gonna save you ! Welcome back from the dead . It 's humiliating , but he beat me . You take it easy for a while . I 'll explain it to the Chief . Putting that aside , why did they steal a component of a research project ? It doesn 't seem like they were after money . But it amounts to the same thing . After all , they can convert it into money . No , that 's not Lando 's style . He must be after something else . You are the warriors who have been chosen to bring forth a new order upon the world . This war you fight is a holy war . The world is changing . The history of foolish old humankind is ending and we , the chosen , will purify the world ! What the hell is this ? Isn 't it great ? You 'll look terrific when you put it on ! Oh , and here 's your sheet music . Huh ? This ain 't my song . Oh , that song will be a coupling song and this is the main one . It 's by Fuyumoto , the popular idol hitmaker , so it can 't miss ! I ... Idol ? ! Like I said , leave everything to me , and I won 't steer you wrong . Uh , well ... There 's nothing to be embarrassed about . After all , we 're already one flesh , inseparable . That does it ! You got some nerve , thinking I 'll hold still for this ! There 's no way I 'll become an idol , you son of a bitch ! Uh-huh ... This is a temporary thing , you see ... Huh ? There 's ... no need to talk like that ... What ? Sell out ? Uh , yes ... What ? You 've lost 500,000 ? Just like me , huh ? Oh , nothing ... Omni 's really taken a nosedive . It 's because of that bank robbery , isn 't it ? Uh , yes , well , it 's ... Damn the Illegal Army ! I 've had it up to here ! " Resignation " Sir ! Huh ? I resign , effective immediately ! The Illegal Army should presently be heading for Stephan Laboratories thanks to the false information I 've planted . Knight Sabers are Go ! This is a dummy ! Shit ! It 's a trap ! Pull out ! We ... We can 't , Sir ! Our escape route is completely sealed off ! No matter ! We 'll just go up to the roof ! Knight Sabers ... Go ! You can 't just do as you please in this town ! You 've gotten a bit cocky , haven 't you ? Kill them ! How about you give me the last component ? Ha ! What can you do , alone ? When the battle is joined , nobody stands in our way and lives ! You babes are pretty good ! Priss , Nene , we 'll attack him from three sides , all at once ! Okay ! What the ... ? Leave them to me ! Got ' em ! Without their suits , they 're just cheap Boomers . DIE ! Damn ! That 's all for today , Knight Sabers ! You don 't get off that easily ! What ? ! Stealing the second generation Boomer AI under cover of bank robberies wasn 't simply gathering funds or taking revenge , was it ? Who 's their boss ? Priss ! I am the Illegal Army . I take orders from no one ! Release her ! You have no hope of winning now ! I am a soldier of the glorious Illegal Army . This isn 't enough to make me give up ! Shove it ! What ? ! Take this ! Leave this to me ! Now ! Give yourself up ! Who is your boss ? A self-destruct device ! WHAT ? ! It 's too late to start running now ! I 'll destroy everything within three km ! One minute to detonation ! Find the self-destruct device ! Okay ! What 's wrong with you ? I 'll blow us all away together ! The Illegal Army does not surrender ! There it is ! Nene , link up with me ! Priss ! Synchronize targets , Priss ! Okay ! It 's all yours , Priss ! If you miss , it 's all over ! Shut up ! You 're good ... you beat us this time , that is ... What ? ! I am a failed Boomer ; neither Boomer nor human . But soon , there will come a world ... with neither humans nor Boomers in it a dream world , controlled only through chaos and terror if anyone can make it reality , he can ... I guess there 's still hope for this town , after all ... So what 's become of your pro debut ? I 'm gonna write some decent songs , and go for it again . I 'm gonna write some decent songs , and go for it again . When the bell rings , showtime 's over . I got a call from another record company just the other day . When the bell rings , showtime 's over . Oh , I 've also decided to work at another securities firm ! Oh , I 've also decided to work at another securities firm ! Oh , I 've also decided to work at another securities firm ! Didn 't you say you never even wanted to see money again ? But it 's lovely to watch money pile up . But it 's lovely to watch money pile up . But it 's lovely to watch money pile up . You really are money-crazed . I heard that , Little Miss Cyberpunk ! What are you quarreling about ? Oh , Sylia , these two still haven 't learned anything . Well , do your thing , but don 't forget the Knight Sabers . People are dreaming hurriedly and though no voice gets through strangely , I can hear your voice . Cool eyes , staring just that way cloud the mirror of the heart concealing one 's true self . With stardust reflected in your eyes you embrace freedom and firmly catch your own dream , now . Showtime , in a town full of misunderstandings . Tonight , the heart walks a tightrope . Straining my eyes in the pitch darkness unable to see anything , I seek tomorrow . The bustling town is dancing with a seemingly secret heart , tonight . The melody you and I heard is carried on the wind , and surrounds you . Sensitive cool eyes really know the things that possess eyes which seem to melt ice . With stardust reflected in your eyes you embrace freedom and firmly catch your own heart . Sensitive cool eyes really know the things that possess eyes which seem to melt ice . With stardust reflected in your eyes you embrace freedom ...
