 We wanted to believe . We wanted to call out . On August 20 and September 5 1977 , two spacecraft were launched from the Kennedy Space Flight Center , Florida . They were called Voyager . Each one carries a message . I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet . We step out of our solar system into the universe , seeking only ... A record depicting images , music and sounds of our planet , arranged to be understood if ever intercepted by a technologically mature extraterrestrial civilization . Hello from the children of planet Earth . 13 years after its launch , Voyager 1 passed the orbit of Neptune and essentially left our solar system . Within that time , there were no further messages sent , nor are any planned . We wanted to listen . On October 12 1992 , NASA initiated the High Resolution Microwave Survey , a search by radio telescopes scanning ten million frequencies for any transmission by extraterrestrial intelligence . Less than a year later , Senator Richard Bryan successfully championed an amendment which terminated the project . I wanted to believe , but the tools had been taken away . The X-Files had been shut down . They closed our eyes . Our voices have been silenced . Our ears now deaf to the realms of extreme possibilities . I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet . We step out of our solar system into the universe , seeking only peace and friendship , to teach ... Cecil and me , we went to that strip joint . - You treat yourself ? . - Man , let me tell you ! - You know that one Tuesday ? - Wait , wait . You went on Tuesday ? - No . That 's the stripper 's name : Tuesday . - Oh , yeah. I know her . She 's on stage dancing to that Offspring song , " Come Out and Play " . - Nice touch . - Very hot . - Keep going . - l 'm tipping her big . No ones , five spots. I 'm laying ' em on the rail - boom , boom , boom . - She didn 't like it ? - By the end of the song , I had $ 40 laid out . It 's not a long song , is it ? It is advantageous to begin an autopsy by removing the cranium . The cranium is opened with a horizontal division an inch above the eyebrow ridges . Something wrong ? What this man imagined , his dreams , who he loved , saw , heard , remembered , what he feared , somehow it 's all locked in this small mass of tissue and fluid . Are you OK , Agent Scully ? You kind of sounded a little spooky . Good afternoon , Agent Mulder . $ 4 for the first hour of parking is criminal . What you got better be worth at least 45 minutes . You know , Mulder , from ... - from back there you looked like him . - Him ? - Deep Throat . - He 's dead , Scully . I attended his funeral at Arlington through binoculars from a thousand yards away . Now the picture frame was turned down . You wanted to talk . What have you found ? I wanted to talk , but I haven 't found anything . It 's dangerous for us just to have a little chat . We must assume we 're being watched . - l haven 't seen any indication ... - No , of course not . - These people are the best . - l 've taken all of the necessary precautions . I have doubled back to make sure I haven 't been followed . No one has ever followed me . The X-Files have been terminated , Mulder . We have been reassigned . - What makes you think they care about us ? - So why have you come here covertly ? Because I realized that it was the only way that you would see me . - So what do you want ? - To know that you 're all right . Mulder , you passed me today within a foot , but you were miles away . I 'm on electronic surveillance . White-bread cases , bank fraud , insurance fraud , healthcare swindles . Mulder , I know that you feel ... frustrated , that without the Bureau 's resources you can 't continue ... - No. lt ... - Well , what then ? When we were shut down , you said you 'd go on for as long as the truth was out there . But I no longer feel that from you . Have you ever been to San Diego ? Yeah . Did you check out the Palomar Observatory ? No . From 1948 until recently , it was the largest telescope in the world . The idea came from a brilliant and wealthy astronomer named George Ellery Hale . The idea was presented to Hale while he was playing billiards . An elf climbed in his window and said to get the money from the Rockefeller Foundation . And you 're worried that all your life you 've been seeing elves ? In my case , little green men . But , Mulder , during your time with the X-Files you 've seen so much . That 's just the point . Seeing is not enough . I should have something to hold on to . Some solid evidence . I learned that from you . Your sister 's abduction - you 've held on to that . I 'm beginning to wonder if ... if that ever even happened . Mulder , even if George Hale only saw elves in his mind , the telescope still got built . Don 't give up . And next time , we meet out in the open . She had erased a conversation between President Nixon and HR Haldeman while transcribing the tape . Woods testified that she erased only about five minutes , but the tape contained an 18-minute gap . Under investigation ... Scout . HR Haldeman reiterated the White House explanation that Woods ... - Do we have to watch this , Fox ? - Leave it. I 'm watching The Magician at nine . Mom and Dad said I could watch the movie , buttmunch . They 're next door at the Galbrands ' , and they said I 'm in charge . Hey , get out of my life ! I 'm watching The Magician . Now look ! The fuse has blown . Fox ! Samantha ! Samantha ! Samantha ! Samantha ! No ! We 're going to the Hill . Senator Matheson ? - Do you know this , Fox ? - lt 's Bach . Brandenburg Concerto No.3. Two . Good thing it wasn 't a Double Jeopardy question . Do you know the significance of this piece ? Well , recalling music appreciation with Professor Ganz , Bach had a genius for polyphonic ... This is the first selection of music on the Voyager spacecraft . The first . Four and a half billion years from now , when the sun exhausts its fuel and swells to engulf the Earth , this expression will still be out there , traveling four and a half billion years . That is , if it 's not intercepted first . Imagine , Fox , if another civilization out there were to hear this . They would think what a wonderful place the Earth must be . I would want this to be the ... first contact with another life form . I know I 've let you down . You 've supported me at great risk to your reputation . I realize that when they shut us down , there was nothing you could do . All I can say is , I think we were close . To what , I don 't know . What ? Do you like Bach , Mulder ? - l live for Bach . - Then let 's hear it again . I take it you are familiar with the High Resolution Microwave Survey ? The search for extraterrestrial radio signals . They shut it down . You have to get to the radio telescope at Arecibo , Puerto Rico . I 'll try to delay them as long as I can , but my guess is you 'll have at least 24 hours . After that , I can no longer hold off the Blue Beret UFO Retrieval Team . And they have been authorized to display terminal force . What am I looking for ? Contact . - When did you last see Agent Mulder ? - Yesterday . - Where ? - ln the bull pen hallway . Did you speak with him ? No. ls he in some kind of trouble ? He failed to appear at his assignment this morning . His whereabouts are unknown . - l 'll volunteer to assist in any search . - No , Agent Scully ... - She doesn 't know where he is . - How can you be so sure ? Because if she knew , she wouldn 't be so worried about him . I don 't smoke . She 'll find him . Gracias . No trace evidence apparent around the exterior of the control room , which is locked with chains . The power has been turned off . Although the control panel lights are still on . The room 's about 30 by 15 . I see no signs of any recent occupation . There 's quite an odor of mildew in the air . The air is stale . If anyone 's been here recently , I see no indications . Mulder ! You hounded me to have lunch today , and then you don 't show . You 're a pig . Galactic latitude ? - What are you doing here , Agent Scully ? - Are you following me ? Agent Mulder 's residence is under surveillance . Explain why you 're here . I was told by the assistant director that Mulder was gone . - So ? - So whenever he 's away , I feed his fish . What the hell is this ? Looks like a self-test the computer does . - Damn . - Just dump it in the tank . That would be bad for the fish . ¡ No me lastime , no me lastime ! - Who are you ? What are you doing here ? - Por favor ... Tengo mucho miedo . That 's all right . Settle down . - Settle down . - Tenemos que irnos de aquí . ¿ Habla inglés ? Name ? ¿ Nombre ? ¿ Nombre ? Jorge . Me llamo Jorge Concepción . Jorge , why are you so afraid ? What have you seen ? Luces en el cielo ... rojo , azul ... anaranjado . Pensé que una avioneta se había estrellado . Pero cuando llegué , vi hombres como animales , pero no hombres . Me agarraron y me pusieron aquí ... - ¡ Todavía están en el bosque ! - Jorge , no comprendo . Did you say men ? ¿ Hombres ? It looks like the " Wow ! " signal . - The " Wow ! " signal ? - Ohio State has a radio telescope that conducts searches for extraterrestrial intelligence . In August 1977 , my buddy Jerry Ehman found a transmission on a printout like this . He was so excited , he wrote " Wow ! " in the margins . What was there ? A signal - 30 times stronger than galactic background noise . It was on the 21cm frequency , which no satellite transmitters are allowed to use . The signal was intermittent , like Morse code . And more importantly , the signal seemed to turn itself on while in the telescope 's beam . The " Wow ! " signal is the best evidence of extraterrestrial intelligence . But this ... This is better . Where did you get this ? Maybe you can tell me . is that from Ohio State ? Can 't tell . There are a few nickel-and-dime SETl projects around . UC Berkeley has one . The Planetary Society has one at Harvard and in Argentina . NASA was working out of Goldstone in California and Arecibo in Puerto Rico . Mulder . This signal from 06 : 30 Tuesday : the narrow band and matching of the antenna pattern indicates that it originated from beyond lunar distance . The same message is ... No ! Jorge , don 't touch that red button . Noho on the rojo . Thanks . The same message is transmitted four hours later on a wide band , which puts its point of origin very close , just miles away from ... I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet . We step out of our ... - ¡ Son ellos ! ¡ Ya regresaron ! - lt 's just a tape machine , Jorge . ¡ Vámonos inmediatamente , por favor ! Where are we gonna go ? There 's a storm outside . You can 't be afraid , Jorge . Don 't be afraid . You can 't be afraid . Jorge ! Jorge ! Jorge ! Jorge ! Passengers holding tickets , please proceed immediately to gate 16 . Atención , por favor . Último aviso . Pasajeros con boletos para este vuelo , a la puerta 16 . Attention , please . This is a gate change announcement . Flight 236 arriving from Boston will now be arriving at gate number 7 . This is a gate change only . This is Fox Mulder . Leave a message , please . CA519 . 7 : 05 . 9 : 50 . At the tone , Eastern Daylight Time will be 5 : 47 and 40 seconds . Attention , all passengers . Flight 235 to Atlanta is now boarding at gate number 2 . Relax . We know where she 's going : St Croix , Caribbean Air , flight 519 . Takes off at five after seven . The gate 's in the other terminal . I 'd like a ticket on the 6 : 30 flight to San Juan . The day is ... The time is 10 : 30 . Although not a pathologist , I will record my observations of the body in case at some future time decomposition should obscure forensic evidence . The subject , perhaps victim , is Hispanic male , undetermined age . There are no overt external injuries apparent . There are no indications of any lightning strikes . No singeing of the hair or burns of any kind . There are no ... There are no puncture wounds due to needles or probes , commonly associated with cases of alien abduction . The subject was discovered in a sitting position , rigor mortis having set in - although less than half an hour had elapsed . The skin is strikingly affected by goose flesh . The body shows signs of intense cadaveric spasm . The expression reflects ... My God , Scully , it 's as if he 's been frightened to death . Again , Scully , nothing but evidence . And again , no evidence at all . The printouts of received transmission indicate contact with another life form , and yet I cannot see them . And even if I could see them , would they really be there ? This could be a classified military satellite - these transmissions are from the Voyager . Could extraterrestrials really have intercepted them ? Or is this just some elaborate joke played on those who want to believe ? I was sent here by one of those people . Deep Throat said " Trust no one . " That 's hard , Scully . Suspecting everyone , everything . It wears you down . You even begin to doubt what you know is the truth . Before , I could only trust myself . Now , I can only trust you . And they 've taken you away from me . My life up to this point has been about the need to see her again . To see them . But what would I do if they really came ? Deep Throat said " Trust no one . " - Deep Throat said " Trust no one . " - l was sent by one of those people . - Deep Throat said " Trust no one . " - " Trust no one . " No ! Mulder ... I was sure you were dead . Mulder ... it 's Scully . Dana Scully . Do you know where you are ? They came , Scully . The ones that took her , they were here . Here ? Or here ? On the tapes . The tape . Evidence . Proof . - The transmissions. lt 's all here . - Proof of what ? Contact . These printouts. lt 's here . And the man . We 'll have to examine the body . There 'll be more proof . - ls that them ? - No , this isn 't it . It 's the Blue Beret Crash Retrieval Team . They 'll kill us . The body ! - We don 't have time . - Help me ! We 're never gonna be able to get the body out of the country ! Mulder , we have to go . Evidence is worthless if you 're dead . Let 's go ! Hold your fire ! Get this truck to the bottom of the hill ! Move ! Come on , move ! Mulder ! Dammit . You left your off-site setup . Another brick agent had to cover you . The entire surveillance , all the months of work on this case , gone . Just like you , gone . This has fourbagger all over it , Mulder . Censure , transfer , suspension , probation . Leaving my assignment warrants disciplinary action . - And I 'm willing to accept those measures . - But ? But I had enough to arrest those suspects after three days . I could 've nailed them on 40 counts of bank fraud . But you left me there . I 'm surprised you even noticed I was gone . Let alone wiretap my phone , an illegal procedure without a court order ! Your time is over , and you leave with nothing . Get out . I said , get the hell out . Report back to your assignment . A minute ago I was a fourbagger . Do you want me to make the arrests ? I think we need more to go on . Continue the surveillance . It should be right here . The entire tape is blank . An electrical surge during the storm may have degaussed everything , erasing the entire tape . You still have nothing . I may not have the X-Files , Scully , but I still have my work . And I still have you . And I still have myself . What 's the difference between a lap dance and a table dance ? A lap dance , they 're all over you . A lap dance costs what ? All right , all right . Tell me the best spot . Where ? - Paramount . But you gotta spend money . - l 'm there . Wednesday , it 's your dancer ? No , don 't go Wednesday . That 's amateur night . Amateurs , huh ? Nice touch ! - They 're not really amateurs . - Yeah , sure , sure . If you don 't mind spending the money , the girls are all over you . And they 're good-looking too ... Visiontext subtitles : Helen Stewart I made this ! US english
