 Hey , Ed ? - You OK ? - There 's blood . It 's only a paper cut . Listen , Ed. l need to talk to you . Ed , I ... This is never easy . And everybody down here sure likes you a lot , Funschie . And I know it 's tough cos you 're new to this area . Ed , I 'm sorry , but I 'm gonna have to let you go . I mean , your work is first-rate and , like I said , you 're a good guy . But you know the story : cutbacks and seniority . And you 're a low man on the pole . Could I work part time ? The guys took up a collection today . It 's a hundred bucks . Look , why don 't you stay on till the end of the week ? - ls there room here for me ? - l think we can make some . Thank you . Excuse me . It 's OK . - Hey , Ralph . How you doin ' ? - All right . Thanks for coming at short notice . I realize the fbi 's Behavioral Science Unit mainly profiles murder suspects still at large . It must be odd being asked to profile our suspects , all of whom are dead . I am relieved the Bureau answered our request and sent you . In all honesty , Agent Mulder , whatever 's going on here is way over our heads . The suspect 's body is out on the sidewalk . We 're holding the security guard who shot him . The witnesses in the elevator are down at the hospital . Talk to them whenever you 're ready . I 've asked all the businesses in the building to close for the day . We 've done our best to preserve the area for you . We 've photographed the scene . The area 's been sketched , but we haven 't dusted for prints yet . We wanted to wait for you before collecting further evidence . Was this damaged during the incident ? - l 'll find out . - May I see the suspect ? Things like this aren 't supposed to happen here . A 42-year-old real-estate agent murders four strangers ? That shouldn 't happen anywhere . Since colonial times there 's only been three murders in this area . In the last six months , seven people have killed 22 . Per capita , that 's higher than the combined homicide rate of Detroit , DC and Los Angeles . This town is not any of those places. ln Franklin , you never have to pull off the road to make way for a celebrity driving with a gun to his head . In each incident the suspect was killed ? Suicide . By cop . Each incident occurred in a public place . The suspect went crazy and refused to desist . Officers used deadly force to save lives . Were autopsies conducted for substance abuse ? This town is mainly made up of apple and cherry growers . Folks here don 't drink much . They certainly don 't do drugs . The coroner 's tests were negative . This is Dispatch . Can you provide additional backup for unit 42 ? Played softball with this guy over Labor Day . He was one of those nice guys . Couldn 't play and didn 't bitch about being in right field . What 's wrong with right field ? Always the first to shake hands at the end of the game , whether he 'd won or lost . You gotta have an arm to play right field . Bought a round of beers afterwards , even though he didn 't drink . I played right field . Let 's have this analyzed by the Bureau 's lab . What the hell could bring anyone to do this ? - l wanna go home . - Don 't be in such a hurry . You 'll just have to wait for the man to finish , OK ? - Mommy ... - Baby , you 're bleeding . Come on , tilt your head back . I told you to leave it alone . OK ? Now , don 't touch it or it 'll bleed again . Tilt your head back . There you go . Lucky we had a Kleenex , eh ? Good girl . What the hell 's wrong with you ? Mass murderers are divided into two classifications : the spree killer and the serial . The violent outburst in a public locale and the suspect 's disregard for anonymity or survival define the Franklin incidents as spree killings . The confounding element of these profiles is that , given their backgrounds , the perpetrators would be , statistically , more likely the victims of violent crimes rather than the originators . The killers were all middle-income , responsible people , none with a history of violence . Relatives reported only minor displays of dysfunctional behavior : sleep disorders , headaches , eating diculties . But witnesses did report the last suspect displayed a claustrophobic reaction . I 'm convinced an outside factor is responsible , but I must concede frustration as to a determination of the cause . A residue on the fingers of the most recent perpetrator was analyzed and reported to be an undefined but nontoxic organic chemical found on plants , perhaps remaining from gardening . There have been reported abductee paranoia in UFO mass-abduction cases . I was wondering when you 'd get to that . I find no evidence of this to be the case . The single connecting trace evidence is the destruction of an electronic device at the crime scene . A pager , a fax machine . A cellular phone , a gas-pump digital display . In all honesty , Scully , I 've never had a more dicult time developing a profile . There is no way to know who will be a killer . Or who will be killed . Hello ? - You 're late . - l 'm sorry . I called earlier . A deadline came up at work . If it 's ready , I 'll just pay you and be out of here . How did you manage to break that , anyhow ? It 's a long story . - Did you fix it ? - lt 's fixed . What do I owe you ? I 'll tell you. ln fixing that , I found some other problems . Serious problems , Mrs McRoberts . Come back here. I 'll show you . I 'm sorry . My husband 's waiting for me . - l have to go . - OK . But you ain 't gonna go very far unless you get this fixed . Come here . This is a diagnostic test of your engine . You 're supposed to have an output of 168 horses at 6200rpms . You 're nowhere near that . Come over here . Next to me. I want you to take a look at this . Well , first of all , you 're leaking oil like crazy . Your throw rods are chattering , valves need adjustment ... A couple of engine mounts should be replaced . To tell you the truth ... lf you don 't believe me , take a look here . Agent Mulder ? Larry Winter , county supervisor . Pardon my rubber . Can you tell me if this murder is more of the same ? They don 't seem to be connected . Well , should I be relieved or more scared ? I mean , is this the start of copycat killers ? Larry , it 's not a copy of the other homicides . This wasn 't a public area . The suspect fled , covering his tracks . The killer appears not to have had a premeditated weapon . They are connected . - Mrs McRoberts ? - Yes . This is Sheriff Spencer. I 'm Agent Fox Mulder with the fbi . May we come in ? - l 'm late for work . - You can blame me . - Been having some car trouble ? - That 's my husband 's department . - May I speak with him ? - He took the car to Pittsburgh for a meeting . - ls it OK if I have my breakfast ? - lt 's the day 's most important meal . This invoice was signed by you . Did you pick up the car last night ? Yes . Can you describe to me exactly how the dashboard read-out was damaged ? Mrs McRoberts ? I did it . - l broke it . - Why ? Mrs McRoberts ? Did you see something in the read-out ? Mrs McRoberts ? I can help . Mrs McRoberts ? - Stop ! - No ! Anomalies were found during postmortem analysis that were undetected in previous autopsies . Levels of adrenaline are high in cases of violent death , twice as much as in victims of natural death . This subject 's levels were 200 times normal . The adrenal gland displayed extensive adrenal hemorrhage , yet not from disease , but rather from wear . Other physiological evidence present indicated episodes of intense phobia . Analysis of the vitreous humor , extracted from the eyeball , indicated the presence of high concentration of an undetermined chemical compound . This compound , at its base , is similar to the substance analyzed earlier on a perpetrator 's finger . Although further qualitative analysis must be performed , it is my opinion that this chemical , when reacting with adrenaline and other compounds secreted during phobic episodes , creates a substance similar to lysergic acid diethylamide : LSD . Pardon me. I 'd like to apply for ajob . Sorry . They 're not accepting applications at this time . Sir , may we ask you to sign up for the blood drive ? Are you all right ? Sir ? In our April edition of The Lone Gunman , we ran an article on the ClA 's new CCDTH-2138 fiberoptic-lens micro-video camera . Small enough to be placed on the back of a fly . Imagine being a fly on the wall of the Oval Office . Been there . Done that . That is a Eurasian cluster fly . They infest vegetation like apples or cherries and can inflict a lot of damage to crops . It 's been irradiated to control propagation . Or agents of competing agricultural corporations , posing as Franklin City employees , are releasing fertile flies to destroy the crop . No . This bug 's been nuked . It was a fine effort , though . Have you ever come across this chemical compound ? LSDM ? Obviously you haven 't read our August edition of TLG . Oh , I 'm sorry , boys. lt arrived the same day as my subscription to Celebrity Skin . Come over here . - So , Mulder , where 's your little partner ? - She wouldn 't come . - She 's afraid of her love for you . - She 's tasty . Frohike , it 's men like you that give perversion a bad name . Here . Toxic pesticides . The chemical in that report is called lysergic dimethrin , an unreleased experimental synthetic botanical insecticide . - lt acts as a natural pheromone . - LSDM is sprayed on the plant , which invokes a fear response in the pest : " Get out of here . There 's danger . " - The insect leaves the plant . - Why won 't they release it ? is it possible it affects humans in the same way ? Possible ? Let me show you something . This is actual newsreel footage taken in the ' 50s . They 're spraying DDT , a chemical the government did release and determine safe . 30 years later they found out women exposed to it had higher rates of breast cancer . They convinced local officials it was safe to spray on children . It took a decade of bureaucratic and industry heel-dragging before it was banned . - Different chemicals . Same stunts . - They just learned how not to be so obvious . Hey , Frohike , can I borrow those ? If I can have Scully 's phone number . Stealth helicopters ? Experimental pesticides responsible for violent behavior ? I saw the chopper from two different locations . Look at my skin . Feel my hair . The insecticide is still on me . I 've checked up on you . You have a penchant for " spooky " evidence . - Don 't start that crap . Don 't divert blame . - Hang on a second ... lf you 're the one who 's responsible , the sooner you take responsibility , the sooner people will stop dying . The killers all resided near heavily sprayed areas . You don 't live here , Mulder . I live here. I have my heart in this town . I have three children . I 'm not gonna dump poison on them . Yeah , well , if it 's so safe , why was it done in secret ? - What kind of a crusade are you on ? - Answer the question . Are we spraying ? This county lives on money generated from its crops . lrradiated flies were not effective . The delays to get approval would have caused millions in crop damage . Look at the hell they raised over Malathion . Meanwhile , people 's lives were being ruined by a damn bug . Ruined ? 23 people are dead . There 's no proof the spray caused violent behavior. lt was proven safe . By who ? Who proved it to you ? I 'm sorry , Mulder , he 's right . I 'd love to say I flew 300 miles in the middle of the night to prove you 're about to become the next Charles Manson . But I find little physiological evidence that states that LSDM has toxically affected you , even after massive ingestion . Your own autopsy says the killer had chemical anomalies . Yes , but you are proof that it wasn 't from exposure to LSDM . May I see that chart , Agent Scully ? Sure . Look here . These are normal . .. perhaps subjected to repeated LSDM spraying . Scully , are you familiar with subliminal messages ? You mean like ... sex and ice cubes in liquor ads ? - That 's paranoia . - No , it 's a fact . Stores use subliminal messages in their ambient music to deter shoplifting . The Russians use electroencephalographic techniques to control behavior . - How is this connected with the spraying ? - Electronic devices were always destroyed . I 'm still waiting . The insecticide LSDM is known to cause fear in cluster flies . What if it causes the same reaction in humans ? All the perpetrators were phobic . Taber was claustrophobic . McRoberts 's husband said she had a fear of rape . The insecticide heightened their phobia to an unbearable level . The electronic devices relayed messages that told them what to do in order to alleviate it . - The messages were relayed purposely . - By who ? He 's probably one of those people that thinks Elvis is dead . Mulder , I was wrong . Exposure to the insecticide does induce paranoia . I think this area is being subjected to a controlled experiment . Controlled by who ? By the government ? By a corporation ? By Reticulans ? They 've done it before . DDT in the ' 50s , Agent Orange , germ warfare on unsuspecting areas . Yes , but why , Mulder ? Why intentionally create a populace that destroys itself ? Fear . It 's the oldest tool of power. lf you 're distracted by fear of those around you , it keeps you from seeing the actions of those above . I just had a talk with Mr Winter . I 've persuaded him to a compromise . He 's agreed to stop the spraying and to blood testing extensively of people exposed to the spray area . But ? But the official explanation for the testing cannot be linked to the side effects of LSDM . Franklin and Venango Counties are participating in an important nationwide study on cholesterol . Volunteers will be coming to your door , or you may report at your convenience to Franklin Community General . The procedure is very simple and painless . Just a little prick on the fingertip , and your participation is complete - and appreciated . So remember , cholesterol screening can save your life . So when those volunteers come to your door , answer readily , or you may report at your convenience to Franklin Community General . And the test results on the blood samples , did you double-check ? Are you sure ? Last areajust reported in . OK , these are the sectors that have tested negative . These people , for one reason or another , haven 't checked out . There 's about 25 . Only seven more to go . This is odd . Frustrated Jehovah 's Witness ? Door 's unlocked . Here it is . Edward Funsch . Age 52 . No diploma . No vehicle or driver 's license . Navy radio man . Wife died ten years ago . No kids . No known family . Just been laid off . - Medical history ? - Nothing . He hasn 't seen a doctor in decades . - When was the blood tester here ? - About 10 : 30 this morning . 10 : 30 ? The blood test . I know what he 's afraid of . And I know where he 's going . Hey , wait . Stop ! Stop ! Hey ! All right . Hold on a second . Thank you . - Pardon me . - Wait for the next stop . - Please , I 'm on the wrong bus . - Wait for the next stop . Open the door ! Open the door ! Open the door , dammit ! C-1 , this is X-ray-4 . Negative on that north-south line . Copy that . If he 's on it , it 's gonna be this line . - Here it comes . - Get the uniforms out of sight . Have you seen this man ? I picked him up . Drove four feet and he went apewire . - Where 'd you let him out ? - Near the college . - We 'll have to wait him out . - l don 't think he 's waiting . - Scully , anything ? - Nothing . Get down ! Everybody down ! Get down ! Get down ! Everybody remain calm . Stay away from this building . Stay down . Take cover . I 've seen that. I 've seen that and I don 't want to see that again , baby . All units , forthwith . Franklin College . Shots fired . Send emergency vehicles . Put it down ! - Don 't kill me . - Then put it down , Ed . I can 't . They won 't let me . I know they won 't , Ed . I know they won 't let you . Then ... You make me put it down , then . You do it . If you don 't put it down , I 'm gonna have to shoot you . Or you 're gonna have to shoot me . There 's gonna be blood everywhere . - Don 't kill me . - lt 's all right . Agent Scully will examine him at the hospital . I want unrestricted access to him for questioning . Mulder , you know more about what happened to him than he does . Scully . Hello ? Mulder , is that you ? Mulder , where are you ? Mulder ? Mulder , where are you ? Visiontext Subtitles : David Van-Cauter I made this ! english
