 [ Woman Narrating ] Previously on Earth 2 . I 've joined you on the planet . [ Sighs ] And I know you planned the crash . But do you honestly think I would aim weapons at you ? You know what I think ? I think you 're a liar . [ Man ] I don 't say that we can 't use Adair and her crew , but they have to be guided . They need you to show them the way . Loyalty - It 's a tricky thing . Can I count on you , Doctor ? Are you with us ? [ Drumming ] [ Continues ] [ Julia Narrating ] Day 38 . 7600 kilometers from New Pacifica ... and so far from home it 's unimaginable . They say loneliness is the cruelest of friends . Some handle it better than others . Some not at all . Most of us are finding it 's a hard thing to outrun on this planet . I , for one , find it especially hard , having to harbor the secrets that I do . [ Ends ] It 's like fear of the dark when you 're young . Only now being old enough to know the dark is real , and it 's coming after you . And maybe , just maybe , it is you . Come on , Uly . We have a lot of stuff to put away . Mom ? [ Pants ] Mom ? What is it , honey ? Honey , are you okay ? Yeah ? Come on . We 've got lots of chores to do . Come on . Sure you 're okay ? [ Bird Calls ] [ Whirring , Beeping ] On those Kemper one-tens , a good bump will usually , uh , lift the contacts right off the power harness . My father used these on the mining drones back home . Ah . You could get a better model . Yes , I know . [ Chuckles ] You were an early inductee in the Yale program , weren 't you ? Yes . There 's nothing to fear , Bess . My mindwash has held quite well . I 've never had an aggressive tendency . Well , I 'm only asking , because , Yale - Hmm ? I wanted to know if you had any religious data on file . The 99 widely practiced ones , yes . Catholicism ? Yes . Good . I need to make a confession . A regular Catholic confession ? Yes . Bess , I can pull up a prayer for you , or a section of the Bible , but I am not a priest . I cheated on my husband , Yale . At least in my mind , and maybe in my heart , and I 'm just afraid that it 's gonna go further . No names , please . Bess , it 's human to have random thoughts . Sometimes it 's indicative of a problem in the relationship . You need to focus your attention there . You think I should talk to Morgan about this ? Not in specific terms . I understand you need to clear your conscience , but you should be careful with whom you clear it . [ Bird Chirping ] Heller in . Citizen Heller . We 'll dispense with the formalities . The boy 's exhibiting traits ... attributable to his interactions with the Terrians . Is he aware of this ? Somewhat . They know not what they have . Do you know what they have , Heller ? I 'm not sure . They have the key to this planet . What do you mean ? We 've known for years we can 't take this place . We cannot sublimate the Terrian population . They have a symbiosis with the land , an interdependency . The very planet would die without them . Which is counter to a healthy , expansionist movement , isn 't it ? And you think the boy provides the ability to take the planet ? The boy is touched . Suppose we could take the essence of how he has changed - duplicate it , control it . And then give a home to all of those desolate people floating in space . And how do you propose to acquire the essence of how the boy has changed ? There 's a place at the base of all of our brains , which , for hundreds of years , science has speculated ... is the location of the human soul . That 's never been fully proven , that the pineal gland is that . This is where the change begins . How do you know ? Twelve years ago , I found that to be the case on a convict child . I tried to remove it myself . Are you out of your mind ? Oh , no . No , most certainly not . However , I have but a fraction of the medical expertise of someone like yourself . And that is why you will harvest it from the boy . And do not plead medical ethics with me , Doctor . You are a prodigy of the system . The system owns your ethical choices . Morgan ? You awake ? Uh-uh . Morgan , have you ever had thoughts about other women ? What ? Other women , Morgan . You know what it means . Bess , you know you 're the only woman in the world for me . Course , I never thought that would be quite so literal . [ Chuckles ] [ Sighs ] Six total women , Bess . Morgan , please . You 've never once had thoughts about anyone else ? Bess , what is this ? Some kind of a test ? I mean , have you ever had thoughts about anyone else ? It wouldn 't mean that I didn 't love you , even if I did . That was a rhetorical question , Bess . Yeah , I know , but just for the sake of discussion , if I - You 're telling me that you 're having an affair . I am not having an affair ! Great . Tell the whole world . Morgan , thoughts don 't constitute an affair . Oh , you 're thinking about having an affair . What are you doing ? You planning it all out ? You asking for my permission ? No , I 'm not planning it . I 'm not asking for your permission . They were random thoughts , and I thought we could talk about them . Okay . Who is it , Bess ? If you think for one minute that I 'm going to sit here ... and listen to my wife talking about ... her wanton desires for another man - It 's somebody here . That 's not important , Morgan . What 's important is us . Oh , great . Another man that I happen to be on an extended camping trip from hell with . Probably seen me naked . Morgan , what are you talking about ? What are you doing ? I have a reputation to uphold . I 'm not going to idly wallow in front of this entire planet ... while my wife decides whose nest to feather . - I 'm taking a spare tent . - Morgan , I 'm not deciding anything . I love you . Morgan ! [ Sighs ] [ Bird Calls ] [ Sighs ] Hey , Martin . Feel free to pitch in whenever you get the urge . Urge , Danziger ? Is that some kind of crack ? Are you okay ? Oh , don 't even try it . Don 't even try it . " Oh , I 'm just a simple sleep jumper , skipping around the universe . I really don 't know anything . " Have you been in virtual all day again ? Oh , you 're all just going on with your little game . " Old Morgan , just a level four liaison . He doesn 't know anything . " What , that you 're fighting with your wife ? Aha . How 'd you know that ? Well , you 're hunting for a new home , aren 't you ? [ Chuckles ] Well , physically , I think he 's okay . It 's his emotional state . He 's been distant and withdrawn for the last , oh , three , four days . Was he frightened by anything ? Actually , earlier today he was frightened by something . He said he was turning into a Terrian . We 'll run a cell scan . Check him on the molecular level . Why a cell scan ? Just to see how deep the changes to his health run . Maybe his emotional state is tied to the rapid physical changes he 's going through . Okay . [ Yale , Indistinct ] [ True ] Yeah . Citizen . I 'm gonna run a test on the boy . Analyze some spinal fluid . [ Man On Headset ] Why is that ? Because I 'm not about to harvest organs ... on a random guess by some maniac with a sharp spoon . Are you referencing me ? I 'm flattered . How will you test his spinal fluid for Terrian characteristics ? [ Julia ] That won 't be difficult . I have access to Terrian remains . Don 't let this opportunity pass us by , Heller . If the boy is what we think he is , the chance may never present itself again . Yes , I know . Heller out . [ Beeps ] [ Morgan ] It 's simple self-respect . I can 't just ignore it . Pretend everything 's , " Oh , fine , great , good , thank you , yes , we 're fine , and how are you ? " I mean , the sanctimonious hypocrisy of it all . I can 't live that way . Martin , you 're a politician . Yeah , but with Bess it 's supposed to be different . She 's supposed to be a haven from all of that . Maybe she still is . You said she only thought about this other guy . It 's not me , believe me . Yeah , well , how do you know ? I mean , maybe she hasn 't told you yet . I 'd know . Okay ? Yeah , well , it doesn 't matter . Thinking about it , that 's the beginning of the end . I know that from experience . Well , it 's - There 's this previous marital contract I had . Bess doesn 't even know about it . I had it wiped from the station records . It only lasted for three months . And this three-month wife cheated on you ? Well , vice versa , kind of . But that 's how I know how important this is . Well , whatever it is , it can 't be cheating . I mean , Morgan , you 're not even married anymore . What do you mean we 're not married ? What 'd you take ? The minimum four-year contract , right ? Right , and we 've only been married for two . Plus 22 - the cold-sleep years it took to get here . That 's ridiculous . We weren 't even awake . [ Chuckles ] Station time . They don 't care whether you 're awake or not . Uly , is there anything you wanna tell Julia ? You can tell her anything , even if you think it 's silly . I know . [ Julia ] I 'm gonna take some spinal fluid . You 're gonna have to stay very still , okay ? [ Beeping ] I 'm sure this is all gonna check out fine . It 's only gonna take a second . Okay , Uly ? [ Julia ] All right . [ Julia ] Have you been sleeping okay ? - Yeah . - How 's your appetite ? [ Uly ] Pretty good . There you go . Not too bad , huh ? See , that was easy , wasn 't it , honey ? [ Bird Calls ] [ Birds Chirping ] Can I talk to you for a second ? Okay . So , you wanna tell me who this guy is now ? Why , Morgan ? So you can throw a tantrum ? I told you - who is not the issue . We are the issue . And if you 'd rather interrogate me than talk to me , you can forget it . It 's not how marriages work . It 's certainly not how our marriage used to work . Well , maybe that 's the key there , Bess . Used to , as in lapsed . Morgan , what are you talking about ? We 've been married for two years . How can we be lapsed ? We 're lapsed , Bess . Don 't be so naive . Marital contracts do not suspend in cold sleep . It 's station time that counts . Morgan , we 're not on the stations , so who cares ? Well , I care . I care . I work for these people . If I wanna go back home on that colony ship , I have to make sure everything is in order . Two years , 22 years in cold sleep . We 've lapsed five times , Bess . You 're really saying that we 're not married , Morgan . Technically ? No , we 're not . Okay . What about - What about beyond technically , Morgan ? There is no beyond technically , Bess . I could jeopardize everything I 've worked for on those stations if I ignore something like this . What are you saying , Morgan ? Do you or do you not wanna renew ? Do you ? Maybe you should leave , Morgan . Come on . I 'm not the one who 's out there looking for other partners . Morgan , leave . Okay . I 'll go back and get some clothes . Now , Morgan ! [ Sighs ] Everything I knew , every person in my life , I abandoned for him . Twice , actually . Once , when I left Earth for the stations , and then again , to come here . You know , he didn 't even make the trip down to Earth to say good-bye to my father . Said he would join me the next day , then holo-called from the stations . Actually blamed it on you . Said there was some sort of emergency meetings about clearances or something . It doesn 't matter , Devon . I , um - I knew he didn 't wanna come down . He hated Earth . Said it wasn 't his kind of people . You know , before we left the stations , I read your biostats . Why ? Well , when I was a kid growing up on the stations , I used to pretend I was an Earth res . See , I - I thought it was so much more ... exotic . Kind of romantic . And I knew that my parents would never let me visit down , so I used to imagine what life must have been like . Survival , life and death , wild , lawless passion . Well , mostly , um - mostly survival and death . Of course , we 'd hear about your family off the satellites all the time . The stations that your father designed . I actually thought you must have been some kind of princess . A princess ? Hardly . Still , I never imagined I 'd be sitting on another planet , talking to you about my failing marriage . You know , Bess , you have a lot to be proud of . You come from a good background . And I 'm sure there 's a lot of good in Morgan as well . There must be if a woman like you married him . My father never understood why I fell in love ... with a man who couldn 't look him in the eye , but he never once made me feel bad about it . If I learned one thing from my father , I learned to look life in the eye . Mistakes and all . Maybe Morgan was a mistake . I just don 't think it 's my ultimate purpose to be made a cuckold ... on some distant ball of dirt in the middle of nowhere . So , you 're gonna end the relationship with your wife , because she might have thought of another man ? I tried talking him out of it . With all due respect , Martin , you should count your blessings , pal . That 's very nice , Danziger , but if I thought you were the final answer on all matters , I 'd be out here asking for your advice instead of conducting an investigation . [ Wings Fluttering ] [ Alonzo ] Keep your voice down . Okay , guys . Look , we 're all men here . I just wanna say that if any of you have had flirtatious interludes with Bess , or know of anyone who has , I would appreciate it if you wouldjust come clean and tell me right now . Nobody has anything to come clean about , Martin . You 're on a witch hunt . The answer is your own insecurity . You know what you 're gonna find at the end of your investigation ? Loneliness . [ Beeping ] Gear log , research entry . Coded . The boy 's spinal fluid definitely exhibits slightly altered D.N.A ... . but shows no parallels with the alien remains . Electrical charges produce no molecular alignment , even with cellular activity boosted . Suspect subject to be - [ Rapping ] Julia ? Uly , what are you doing here ? Am I gonna be okay ? Yes , of course you are . Why are you even asking that question ? Maybe it was better when I was sick . You know , maybe things were supposed to stay that way . Uly , sometimes things happen for a reason . Sometimes that reason is difficult to see . Sometimes it means a sacrifice . What you 're going through now is gonna help all the other Syndrome children . Maybe everyone on the stations . You 'd make a sacrifice if you knew that millions of other people ... could lead a better life , wouldn 't you ? I know I would . I guess . Okay . Let 's not worry about it too much then . Everything 's gonna be okay . [ Rapping ] So you 're opposed ? I just think it would be wise to consider all the options ... before taking such a drastic step . What 's to consider ? Well , you do remember the Faith Wars at the end of the 21 st century ? I 'm aware that most of the pineal gland experiments conducted on P.O.W. ' s ... during that altercation had unfortunate results . Unfortunate results ? Half died or devolved into baseline primates . They were vicious , soulless animals . And halflived . They were P.O.W. ' s or they might have lived productive lives . Look , we both know what 's at stake here . Can you get the boy alone long enough to perform the procedure , or not ? I don 't know . Probably , but - Think of this as history . This is our destiny . The boy has been provided for us . The entire future of humanity rests on your ability to see the long view now . To see past the meager bonds you might have formed with this boy . Don 't be so foolish as to ignore fate . Neither yours nor his . [ Sighs ] I won 't ignore it . [ Sighs ] Morgan , what are you doing ? Um , I 'm , uh , pretty short on supplies out there , and , uh - Well - Okay . I want you to tell me that this is the right thing . You want me to tell you whether your decision is right or wrong ? Well , actually , I - I was hoping that you would tell me what you 're feeling . Fine , I 'll tell you . I think we 've - I think we 've made a mistake , Morgan . Okay . I think maybe we - I don 't think we ever should have gotten married . You what ? You don 't ? How could you just say that , Bess ? How many words have you uttered to my father in your life , Morgan ? Well , Bess , I was marrying you , not your father . How many ? Well , it 's not like we never spoke . I mean - You despised him , because he was an Earth miner . What was it you used to say ? Uh , N.O.C.D. Not Our Class , Dear . You did everything you could to get me to renounce where I came from . Bess , this is not about my views on Earth ... or how I did or didn 't get along with your father . It 's about foundation , Morgan , and trust and honesty . None of which we seem to have an abundance of . So , maybe you should just turn around , and we 'll get on with our separate lives . - Bess . - I mean it , Morgan . [ Grunts ] [ Device Hisses ] [ Grunts ] [ Morgan ] I had a career to consider . You know how people will use anything on the stations to destroy you . Mm-hmm . And a marital contract tie to Earth ? That 's just the thing they need to pass you over for a level jump at review . I took a risk even marrying Bess . Big risk . Still , I don 't know how I 'm gonna live without her though . She 's the only thing that 's kept me sane . She 's the only person who 's ever really believed in me . It 's so hard to hear her say she wants somebody else . So , fix it then . Gear log , research entry . Coded . [ Beeping ] Molecular activity is normal , despite recent symbiotic tendencies exhibited with the alien species . Brain scan indicates cellular energy output to be higher than normal at the pineal . [ Beeps ] [ Sighs ] Beginning incision , three millimeters . [ Buzzing ] Harvest procedure . [ Beating Heart ] Alien life-form now present . Further verifying boy 's tie to the species . Unsure whether the species has indication of the procedure . [ Beeps ] Boy 's energy output at the pineal gland increased tenfold . Alonzo ? It 's his heart . He 'll die . If you harvest this boy , we all die . He 's a link . A link to what ? Humanity 's survival . He 's the first in a long line of evolutionary changes , and without these changes , we will perish . The Terrians are providing these changes ? The Terrians are witnessing them , the same way they did in their own kind millions of years ago . What you 're about to do poses the greatest threat ... to our own survival as a species . [ Beeping ] [ Reilly On Headset ] Heller ? Heller . I know you 're on . I 'm receiving gear signal . Heller , sign on . I want a report . Heller ? Heller , sign on . [ Bird Calls ] You guys haven 't seen Morgan , have you ? I think he was up before sunrise . Can 't imagine him walking off by himself alone though . Yeah , that 's not really like him , is it ? So , Bess , are you gonna tell us who the lucky guy is ? Funny , guys . Oh , sorry . Are you all right ? Yeah . You look like you 've seen a ghost . I just didn 't sleep well is all . Were you dreaming ? No . You ? No . Are you okay ? Yeah . Julia , I 'm wondering whether you should check on Devon and Uly . I 've never seen them sleep so late . Well , I 'm sure if they 're sleeping late , they probably need it . It 's not as if I harbor any kind of animosity toward - It 's just that - [ Sighs ] It 's a question of common ground . Perhaps if things had been a little different between us from the beginning - [ Sighs ] [ Beeps ] [ Sighs ] It 's not right . Okay . [ Beeping ] Try again . [ Breathes Deeply ] Say we were to meet now , for the first time , and you were to ask me , as you did some years ago when Bess first brought me down , " What is it about my daughter , Mr. Martin , that makes you want to take her station-side ? " and I were to say - [ Sighs ] something better than I did . [ Sighs ] I 'm - I 'm not very good at this . [ Beeps ] [ Morgan ] I 'm sorry I didn 't do this in person while you were alive . Truth is , I didn 't know how to talk to you . I was afraid , I guess . I was afraid that you would see right through me , that you would tell Bess that I was really some sort of fraud . [ Breathes Deeply ] It was like a dream , falling in love with Bess , and I always thought that someone would come along and burst it . I thought for sure you would . I held my breath , I prayed . I still pray . And when she told me her thoughts about someone else , I said , " It 's over . " Because every day I wait for someone to come along and burst the dream , take away my life and tell me that I don 't deserve any of it . Oh , I always thought that Bess ... was going to lose interest in me some day , and I suppose maybe I 've - I 've made that happen . I can 't imagine life without her . She , uh , still wears ... that pendant that you gave her . I heard you say that it would always remind you of her . I - Last wildflower on Earth . [ Beeps ] [ Whispers ] Bess . Bess , I - Shh . Ask me . What ? Ask me , Morgan . Bess , will you ... marry me ? [ Beeping ] How long since you last tried to wake him ? Um , about 20 minutes . And he didn 't regain full consciousness ? He seems to be fighting for it , but he was never really fully awake . You know , I had a hard time waking up today as well . Walman reported the same . He 's fine . His body just needs to rest . Neuro-scan indicates he 's already started to climb . He 'll be awake in a couple of hours . Probably just a mild form of shock . Shock ? Shock ? What from ? Traumatic event . Probably a delayed reaction to the planet . The fact that we crashed , uh , the radical changes in his basic level of health . Five weeks on this planet . He 's been through a lot . [ Chuckles ] I feel like I 've been through 20 lifetimes already . Devon , I assure you . He 'll be fine . By this afternoon , he is gonna be antsy and bored . I 'll call you when he wakes up . Come on . [ Devon ] All right . Man wasn 't meant to live alone , boys . Ah , sure , we think of ourselves as pillars of strength , tall oaks reaching for the heavens , but I 'll tell you - there 's nothing like the love of a woman . It 'll see you through the darkest nights , the deepest plagues . It feeds you when you wanna die , cleans your socks when you think there 's nothing left to live for . Piece of advice for you guys . Don 't daily around . You 're on a planet of , what - not counting biped lizards and convicts - five , six available women ? Martin , you decide on a term yet ? A term . A commitment term ? Yale needs to know for the ceremony . Oh , a term . Gear log , research entry . Coded . The atmospheric conditions on this planet ... seem to slow the healing properties of the cytokine on the laser scar . I 'm hoping the scar will be gone within eight hours ... or at least before detection by Eden group . [ Chattering ] Trauma reaction was greater than expected . It 's been 1 0 hours and the boy is still in unconscious rise . The only concern will be his level of recall . Devon . How are you feeling ? Everything 's okay . Hi , honey . Hi . You feeling okay ? Mm-hmm . Oh . [ Yale ] Matrimony has always been a momentous occasion in our lives . Even after the contract renewal acts of the late 2 1 st century , designed to strengthen birth rates in Earth 's environmentally red-tagged areas , marriage remained a deeply emotional and soulful commitment . Now , in this new world , at this new beginning , the couple standing before us has vowed to renew that bond , and to do so with such ardent passion ... so as to forego station and Earth contract law , and pledge to one another a lifelong commitment , made free of encumbrances and wrought with love alone . If any in this community wish to dissent , speak now , and deal with me . Morgan Horatio Martin , Bess Amelia Klempt , do you take this commitment in hand and in heart , and in the presence of one another , until death do you part ? [ Together ] We do . And so , uh , to the inhabitants of this new world , I present , once again , Morgan and Bess Martin . You may kiss your wife . [ Yale Laughs ] [ Clapping ] [ Chattering ] You were right . The change does start there . When I opened the boy 's cranium for the removal , there was no pineal . What ? That 's impossible . There 's evidence that one existed , but I believe the changes affected it well beyond our limited understanding . I 'll continue to monitor the boy . I 'm sure that his symbiosis with the Terrians will only deepen . In two years , the 250 Syndrome children that followed your group ... will arrive to colonize this planet . What do you think will happen if they all take this change ? If the change starts with the Syndrome children , it 's an evolutionary step . And if we don 't have the ability to harness this evolutionary change ? How would you recommend to the Council we maintain control of this planet ? Maybe we all better face the fact that those Syndrome children , those outcasts of the station , will have a very powerful position on this planet . And there 's probably very little you or I could ever do about it . [ Sighs ] Stay close to the boy . [ Julia Narrating ] As a species , we 've come a long way . We 've learned how to control everything , from D.N.A. to matrimony . As a group , we 're still trying to figure out whether we 'll make it . We learn more about our limits every day . Even if that means telling a simple lie to protect a boy 's life . Your idea or hers , the no-limit marriage ? Well , he made an offer of a hundred years . She countered with forever . Good . A hundred years is nothing . Goes by like that . Trust me . [ Continues ] [ No Audible Dialogue ] [ No Audible Dialogue ] Hi there . Hi . How are you feeling ? Okay . How come you 're not dancing ? It 's not every day you get to dance to 250-year-old music , you know . I know . Would you dance with me ? I don 't know . Come on . Come on . Okay . [ Julia Narrating ] We 've had more success than any animal in the universe controlling life . We create it artificially . We mimic it with computers . Yet we still don 't know what it is that really makes it tick . What keeps life lunging foard , desperately screaming for survival ? What drives us to chase ourselves off our own planet , onto floating cans in space , and then finally across the universe to start again in someone else 's home ? Maybe there are some things we 'll never know . And maybe the key is to know what those things are ... and to leave them alone . [ Continues ]
