 I was there at the dawn of the Third Age of mankind . It began in the Earth year 2257 with the founding of the last of the Babylon stations located deep in neutral space . It was a port of call for refugees smugglers , businessmen diplomats and travelers from a hundred worlds . It could be a dangerous place but we accepted the risk because Babylon 5 was our last , best hope for peace . Under the leadership of its final commander Babylon 5 was a dream given form . A dream of a galaxy without war where species from different worlds could live side by side in mutual respect . A dream that was in danger as never before by the arrival of one man on a mission of destruction . Earth Alliance passenger Varner , clear for entry . Babylon 5 was the last of the Babylon stations . This is its story . Confirmed , Delta Gamma 9 , you are clear for docking . Please surrender control of your vessel to central computer on my mark . Mark . Bring her in . Approach Vector 557 . Vector 557 . Delta Gamma 9 , vector sequence engaged . EG-57 , final approach to Docking Bay 12B . - Garibaldi , what 's up ? - Looking for the Commander . We 've got someone in Bay 12 , needs his clearance to come aboard . He just linked in . He should be there any minute now . Coming down ! Coming down ! Here you go ! See if this fits ! United Spaceways Transport , Delta Gamma 9 now docking in Bay 7 . That 's him . Commander Sinclair . Lyta Alexander . A pleasure . Welcome to Babylon 5 . It 's about time Earth Central sent us a telepath . Can I see your identicard ? Everything seems to be in order . Thanks . The rules are simple : No unauthorized mind-scans and log all business dealings you 're hired to monitor . You 're cleared for access to the casino , but gambling is strictly off-limits . Come on , I 'll show you to your quarters , or do you already know where it is ? Lieutenant Commander Takashima ! The supply ship sent by my government is not being allowed to dock . That 's correct . They won 't submit to a weapons search . - This is outrageous ! - You know the regs , Ambassador G 'Kar . Scanning is the only way to make sure no weapons get on board . Except those belonging to the Earth Alliance , of course . The Narn regime is dedicated to peace . In that case , being the peace-loving Narns we 've all come to know and love except for a few planets on the fringe who say you 've invaded them they shouldn 't mind being scanned , should they ? This will , of course , be reported to the highest authority . Fair enough . As far as I 'm concerned , they can sit out there for the next solar year . If it makes you feel any better , I can send them a fruit basket . Your quarters are in Red 5 . We can cut through the Alien sector here . Are you set ? Since Babylon 5 functions mainly as a free port our living quarters are set up to handle every possible form of life . Very impressive ! This way . We can customize the atmosphere even adjust the rotation of some sectors to vary the gravity . Over here we have methane breathers silicon life forms insectoids . You name it , sooner or later , everyone comes to Babylon 5 . This way . I 've heard that all four alien governments have ambassadors here . Almost . The fourth arrives in two days . They work as an advisory council , like the UN on Earth before it was dissolved . Your quarters are that way . Turn to the right . Good luck . One last thing , Commander . Why is it called Babylon 5 ? Babylons 1 , 2 and 3 were sabotaged and destroyed . Number 4 vanished without a trace 24 hours after becoming operational . To this day , no one knows what happened to it . Swell . We 've not had contact with Ambassador Kosh since his ship left Vorlon space eight days ago . Based on his last-known position he should be here in 48 hours . You spoke to him ? Video or audio ? Audio only . He said he was having problems with the vid . Mysterious as ever . Security analysis ? Inconclusive . Earth Central sent me everything they have on the Vorlons , and it 's not much . To date , no human has ever seen a Vorlon . - What about medical ? - The same . Their diplomatic office sent me just enough data for the environmental control and no more . Bio-maintenance here is still adjusting the atmosphere for his living quarters . Pretty thick stuff . High levels of methane , sulfur CO2 . When Ambassador Kosh arrives , we 'll have representatives from all four of the major alien governments on board . This is what we 've been working toward from day one . Let 's not mess it up now . Yes . Message , Commander . Ambassador Delenn needs to see you . She says she 's in the garden . On my way . Now entering Green Level . Please stand by . Ambassador Delenn . I 've seen you here before . Almost every other day . If you don 't mind my asking , what ... Notice the waves , each moving in its own order . Predictable . Unchanging . But drop in a single stone and see how the pattern changes . Everything around it is altered . This is from your world ? It 's a Japanese stone garden . Since we need so much land for hydroponic crops and oxygen reclamation , setting this aside was tough . One of the designers called it " a pool for Zen skinny-dipping . " All you can do is think about doing it . I am glad it is here . On my world , there are books thousands of pages , about the power of one mind to change the universe . But none say it as clearly as this . In two days , Ambassador Kosh arrives . I look forward to meeting a Vorlon . I 've heard much about them that is strange . Such as ? Do you not have files on the Vorlons ? Absolutely . Very large files . There 's nothing in them , of course . How much do you have ? More than you , it would seem . Naturally , it 's all classified . Naturally . Here is a copy of everything I have . It may be of use . If anyone asks , say it fell from the sky . Why ? The war between us has been over for almost 10 years but there are still people on either side who 'd hang both of us for this kind of ... - Commander . You know everything about your stone garden but clearly you have not spent nearly enough time looking at it . Good day . - What is it ? - We 've got an energy surge at jump point . There aren 't any more ships due until ... Put it on screen . Vortex active . Confirm incoming ship . Damn . That 's a Vorlon ship , all right . Ambassador Kosh . Two days early . I knew he 'd pull something like this . Get me the Commander , fast . And let 's hope nothing else goes wrong . About time . All right , Laurel , how much time until the Ambassador docks ? He 's still decelerating from hyperspace . Even with the energy dampers at the jump point , it 'll be about two hours . And the others ? The ambassadors have been notified . We 're still trying to find Londo . Good ! I want him in the welcome party when Ambassador Kosh comes aboard . We don 't want to repeat what happened when G 'Kar arrived . Don 't worry . He 'll be there if I must throw him over my shoulder and carry him . Commander , private signal coming in for you on a coded channel . - Whoever it is , tell them ... - It 's from the trading vessel , Ulysses . I 'll take it in my quarters . Patch incoming signal . Full audio and video decode . - Hi . - Hi . I thought you weren 't due back for another week ? Yeah . Haggling with the Centauri is always a slow process . Until you explain , unless payment is made promptly their merchandise will be dumped into space and fired into the sun . Not exactly fair-market bargaining . I was in a hurry . - I didn 't think you 'd report me . - We 'll discuss that later . I 'm glad you 're back . When do you dock ? One hour and 40 minutes . Just in time for the party . I 'll tell you about it when you arrive . I was thinking about something a little more intimate . On my way , I picked up some Carnelian bed sheets . They 're supposed to be completely frictionless . See you in one and 40 . Lieutenant Commander Takashima . About our supply ship , I have reconsidered . With the new ambassador about to arrive , this is hardly a time for petty squabbles . I have told our captain to submit to your weapons search . That 's great . Since you doubtless have your hands full our captain will wait until after the Ambassador 's ship has docked . - Is that satisfactory ? - Yes , it is . Are you feeling all right , Ambassador ? Couldn 't be better . See you at the reception , then . Good eating to you . Yes . And now we need a nine . And now we need a nine , yes ? We 're going to play ... Ambassador . Londo . What ? Not now , please . I 'm busy . Go away . I 'll take two and roll for the balance . Come on , now . There , you see ? It 's your fault . You 're bad luck . I 've always said that about him . Now , come on , go . You 're a security chief . Shouldn 't you be out securing something ? Strike . I am . I 'm securing you . The new ambassador arrived early . Commander wants to make sure you 'll be in the welcoming party . Mr. Garibaldi , I 'm a very busy man . Take three , no roll . Eight , ten , seven , no strike , sir . House wins again . No , goddamn ! Well , that 's it . And it 's too bad . I had almost finished working out my new system . Just a few more credits and I ... Wait , Garibaldi . My good , close friend , Garibaldi . No , you don 't . - Not again . - Lend me your support , your good cheer . My wallet ? Come on , Garibaldi . I know there 's an adventurer lurking inside that steel shell , bursting to get out . I 'm confident my system will work . We 'll take them together , side by side , just like in the old days when my dear republic moved in and conquered the entire Beta system in nine days ! - Did I ever tell you that story ? - Several times . We came out of the sky , a veritable cloud of starships and then we fell on them , I was in ... - Londo . No ! N-O ! Look , I 'd love to stay , but I have things to do . Now , be a good ambassador and be at Docking Bay 9 in two hours . - I don 't want to have to come and get you . - I 'll be there . What else have I got to do ? I 'm broke . Excuse me , I couldn 't help overhearing . This system of yours , it 's a sure thing ? My good fellow , I 've worked it out to 15 decimal points . All it requires is a little backing , Mr ... - Varner . - Varner ? - Del Varner . - Del Varner . - Two Benari is what you 'll need . - No . This looks fine . We can deposit the down payment in 24 solar hours . But we need to take possession of the spare parts no later than the 15th . Can you deliver by then ? Absolutely . No problem . The 22nd . He 's thinking he can 't deliver any sooner than the 22nd . He figures that once he has the contract , you can take a flying ... That 's what I meant to say . The 22nd . Unacceptable . But wait , we ... We can make the 15th just I 'd have to pay the workers more , but that would cut my profits in half . He 's telling the truth . Better half of something than all of nothing . Done . See you on the 15th . Thank you again for your services . Someday I am going to find the guy that thought up the idea of renting telepaths to businessmen , and I am going to kill him . Funny how I just knew you were going to say that . - Lyta Alexander ? - Yes ? Ambassador G 'Kar , of the Narn regime . - May I speak to you for a moment ? - Of course . - Do you mind if I invoke privacy ? - No , not at all . When I learned of your arrival , I ran a genetics scan of your records . Most impressive . A sixth-generation telepath . It goes back further than that , but that 's when Earth Central started keeping track of people with psi capability . We have no telepaths among my people . A genetic oversight , I suppose . One which you could help correct . I am empowered to compensate you for your genetic background . The process would be either a direct mating , you and I or a donation of vital cells from which we could clone a replica . Yes , obviously the cloning is less efficient , since we have to grow the clone so payment would have to be proportionately smaller . We 'd still have to fuse your genes with ours and that would take even longer . The direct mating is far more cost-effective . Ambassador . I 've heard of the Narn obsession with buying new technology but you just can 't buy somebody 's genetic makeup . It 's immoral . That ! No need to concern yourself . I have already discussed the issue with my mate and she supports the idea in the interest of aiding the cause of our people . As the only race without telepaths , we are at a tactical disadvantage . You could change that . Now , would you prefer to be conscious or unconscious during the mating ? I would prefer conscious , but I don 't know what your pleasure threshold is . Confirmed , Ambassador , you are clear for docking . Please surrender control of your vessel to central computer on my mark . Mark . Commander , the Vorlon ship is on approach to Bay 9 . On my way . Status report . Momentary power loss . Re-routing to secondary power supply . Time-delay factor : 2.3 minutes . Please , stand by . Pressure approaching normal . One atmosphere and holding . Bay sealed . Sorry , there was a problem with the tube . Did you get Londo ? He was supposed to meet me right here . The others are in the reception area . Notify security . Get the doors open . Oh , my God ! Be careful , Michael . That 's an environment suit . He can 't take our atmosphere . Open it here and he 'll die . He could be dead already . I can 't tell . Get Ben . Tell him we have a med alert . Get the Isolab ready , fast . On my way . Damn . How much longer ? We 're almost there . If the atmosphere mix isn 't right , we 'll kill him as soon as we crack that suit . Approaching nominal density . As soon as it 's pressurized , I 'm going in . Maybe not . We got a reply from the Vorlon high command . They insist that the Ambassador 's encounter suit cannot be removed for security reasons . But that 's insane ! - They don 't want us seeing what 's inside . - They 'd rather let him die than ... I 'm afraid so . No , we haven 't come this far to watch it all fall apart . Jeff , I 'm warning you . They 're deadly serious about security . We 'll give them security . As a doctor , you 're bound by a vow of confidentiality . That 's good enough for me . As for the rest , kill the monitors . Stop all data-recording . I don 't want any record of what goes on in there . I take full responsibility . Just do what you have to , Ben . Good luck . And I hope you 're wrong . Wrong about what ? We were talking the other day about how nobody 's seen a Vorlon before and he said that according to legend , one human did see a Vorlon . He turned to stone . Well , it 's just a legend . - Probably . - Probably . - You still don 't know what happened . - Not yet , Senator . Doctor Kyle 's been able to stabilize the Ambassador 's condition , but until we know the cause of his problem , there 's a very good chance he could die . Let 's hope not . The Vorlon government finds it very suspicious that he was out of his ship less than a minute when he fell ill . No one 's spoken of retaliation yet , but if this is anything other than natural illness , if anyone did anything to him this could escalate fast . Who 's handling the investigation ? My security chief , Michael Garibaldi . Is that wise ? I was opposed to you bringing him on in the first place . He 's been bounced from one station to another for years . I don 't know if he 's up to an investigation on this scale . I have every confidence in Mr. Garibaldi , Senator . I hope you 're right . Keep me informed , Jeff . Earth Central , out . End transmission . Sorry you had to hear that . Old news . - So what 's the program ? - Find out where everyone was during the five-minute period when the Ambassador docked and we found him . I 've cleared you for full diplomatic access . That 'll make things easier . I 'll start with Londo . He didn 't meet us outside the docking bay . I want to know why . Good . And check the transport tube . It malfunctioned and kept me from getting to Bay 9 . It may be just a coincidence , but ... I 'm on it . One other suggestion . You 've been up almost 36 hours . Get some rest . I 've got a hunch it 's going to get hot down the road . I let myself in . You really should change your access code more often . Carolyn . God , I 'm sorry . I forgot . I was going to meet your ship ... If what I heard is true , I understand . Is it true ? Depends . How bad is what you heard ? Pretty bad . Then it 's true . - This isn 't a good time . - I know . Let me make it better . Computer . Analyze final data on patient Kosh . Display results . Analyzing biopulminary disruption . Systemic edema . Blue cell count at 0.003 percent and dropping . Respiration at 20 percent of capacity . Minimal cortex activity . Confirmed presence of foreign compound . Type : Unknown . Prognosis : Terminal . Ben , what 's up ? I 've just finished my test on the Ambassador . It took longer than I expected . Even for an alien this one is pretty alien . But from the results Jeff , it looks like poison . Can you counteract it ? Not without knowing which poison was used . There 's probably enough concentrated where it entered his body for us to be able to make a match . But so far , I still don 't know how the poison got into his system . What 's your prognosis ? Life signs are dropping five percent every hour . If we can 't find out what happened the Ambassador will be dead in less than 24 hours . All right . Keep me informed . Security . Security here . This is Commander Jeffrey Sinclair . We have confirmation of an attempted assassination . As authorized under Earth Alliance regulations I 'm hereby sealing off the station . As of now , no one enters or leaves Babylon 5 . All ships will be in a holding pattern until further notice . Why won 't you accept the facts ? Who was the only one missing from the welcome party when Kosh arrived ? Londo Mollari . And why would the Centauri Republic want to kill Ambassador Kosh ? What better way to prop up a fading empire than to start a war ? They 've tried to join forces with the Earth Alliance for years . A mutual enemy would serve that purpose very well . And if your assumption is correct , and he is the assassin what would you suggest ? An alliance between our governments . Yours is the oldest of the five federations . Ours is the youngest . Technologically you 're centuries ahead of everyone else . We have unlimited manpower and the will to use it . Can you imagine what we could achieve together ? I can . Which is why it must never be allowed to happen . Your perceptions are colored by your history with the Centauri . As former slaves of that government you would seize any opportunity to raise a force against them . We were never slaves ! Our world was invaded , our people ... The word was " ill-chosen . " My apologies . But my decision stands . Thank you for coming , Ambassador . I should have known better than to waste my time . You 're even worse than the Centauri . They 're beyond the dream of conquest . But you had the Earth Alliance on its knees . One more stroke , and you would have defeated them . But you surrendered . Why ? We had our reasons . On Narn , we heard that the decision to surrender came from your holy men . A secret group called the Grey Council . Weak , frightened fools with no vision or the will to fight , but we ... You are being held by a force of two gravities . You will swear , here and now that you will never again mention the Grey Council in my presence . Three gravities . Six will crush your ribs to jelly and explode your heart . Four gravities . Five . All right . I suggest you leave now . I gave you a chance for greatness , and you threw it away . Whatever happens now let it be on your own head . Babylon Control , request fuel transfer . Heading for secondary base . Blue cell count at 0.002 percent . Cortex activity remains minimal . Respiration 12 percent . What are you shopping for today ? Can I buy you a drink ? Londo . Mr. Garibaldi . I suppose you heard what happened . About the Ambassador ? Yes , it 's a pity . I suppose there 'll be a war now . All that running around and shooting at one another you would have thought , sooner or later , it would go out of fashion . Where were you when the Ambassador 's ship was docking ? I don 't think I like the tone of your question , Mr. Garibaldi . I suggest you remove your hand . As an ambassador , I have diplomatic immunity . Read your treaty . As of two hours ago , I got full diplomatic access . So like I said , where were you when the Ambassador was docking ? Could I have another , please ? The same . I was in the casino at the gaming table . - I thought you were out of money . - Yes . A man named Del Varner offered to cover my bets . Now there 's a criminal , if you 're looking for one . He promised to back my bets , then pulled out after I had run up quite a bill . He 's here if you want to see him . He 's right there , in the checked coat . Can anyone confirm your story ? Yes . The new telepath , Lyta Alexander . I saw her talking to Varner shortly after you left . Thank you . Put it on his tab . Who 'd want to kill the Ambassador ? Mr. Garibaldi it 's a big universe . If I knew who did it , I 'd tell you . I 'm not here to make trouble . Do you know why I am here ? I 'm here to grovel before your wonderful Earth Alliance in the hopes of attaching ourselves to your destiny . Like ... What are those fish called on your planet that attach themselves to sharks ? Remoras . Yes . You make very good sharks , Mr. Garibaldi . We were pretty good sharks ourselves once but somehow along the way we forgot how to bite . There was a time when this whole quadrant belonged to us . What are we now ? Twelve worlds and a thousand monuments to past glories living off memories and stories . Selling trinkets . My God , man . We 've become a tourist attraction . " See the great Centauri Republic . " Open 9 : 00 to 5 : 00 ... " ... Earth time . " Anything else ? No . Thank you , Ambassador . Nice shark . Pretty shark . I 've done everything I can for Ambassador Kosh but he 's slipping away . He 'll die unless we find out what happened in the air lock . I know . All monitors were turned off on the insistence of the Vorlon government . No one saw what happened . No ? One person knows exactly what happened . Ambassador Kosh himself . No . No , out of the question . The Vorlons would never allow Kosh to be scanned . They 'd let him die first . That 's why we won 't tell them . - Does the Commander know ... - No , I 've not mentioned this to him . If we screw up it 's only on our heads . Do you know what my first job was , straight out of Earthforce training ? Mars colony security . Right before the food riots . I heard about that . Tough place . Wasn 't there a scandal , something about kickbacks ? If you wanted a promotion , you had to pay off the sector captain . I refused . So they let me rot refused to let me out of my contract . I began breaking the rules , putting everyone 's safety at risk because I just didn 't care anymore . When Jeff came in , he promised that if I 'd stop feeling sorry for myself and fight within the rules he 'd make sure I got promoted . He kept his promise . I haven 't broken the rules in a long time , Doctor . So I guess I 'm about due . No ! Absolutely not ! Do you know what the penalties are for unauthorized mind-scans without a court order or permission from next of kin ? - I could be thrown out of the Psi-Corp ! - We understand your concerns . Do you ? It takes years to train for a P5 classification and half of those who try burn out or end up vegetables . I 'm not going to throw all that away . If the Ambassador dies , the Vorlons will retaliate . This station is their first logical target . If I were in their position I 'd have a cruiser waiting in hyperspace right now , just waiting to attack . Thousands would die , and after us , who knows how many more ? Is that what you want ? No , of course not . That 's not fair . No , it 's not . But that 's what we 're stuck with . No one can force you to do this , Lyta . It has to be your choice . Life Support , this is C and C. We 're registering a 0.001 drop in oxygen pressure outside Blue 5 , Level B. Can you send a maintenance bot to check it out ? Will do . Life Support , out . When I get inside , it 's subjective . I 'll feel what he felt , but I 'll see my body , not his . This could get rough . I 'm ready . I can 't see him through this encounter suit . Trust me , it 's better this way . Just do what you can . I can 't get through . This suit must be shielded . Is there any way to intensify contact ? Yeah , there is . Ambassador Kosh welcome to Babylon 5 . Get her out , right now ! Easy . Can you hear me ? Fight your way clear . You 're okay . Come on . There was poison . Poison in a skin tab in his right hand . On the back , just below the wrist . The poison is there . Who did it , Lyta ? Who poisoned the Ambassador ? He did ! He 's the one . He tried to kill the Ambassador . I saw it ! Life Support to Central . Confirming launch of maintenance bot . Beginning hull-integrity survey . Will transmit results upon completion . Varner , Del Varner ! It 's me , Eric . Remember ? Commander , you wanted to see us ? We 're getting a signal from Earth Central . Ultraviolet priority . Doesn 't sound good . How much do they know ? Just that a witness has come forth and identified the Commander . How 's Ambassador Kosh doing ? Thanks to the information from Lyta we 've been able to locate the poison and analyze the residue . We 're working on a counter agent now . Commander Sinclair . In the last hour , I have been in contact with the Vorlon government . Since you 're , well , a suspect they 've asked that the investigation be taken out of your hands for reasons of conflict of interest . The Advisory Council will convene immediately to consider the situation . I understand . Lieutenant Commander Takashima , you 'll take Commander Sinclair 's place . With all due respect , Senator , I object . This entire situation is ... Laurel , this is difficult for us all , but I ask that you set aside your feelings and consider the best interest of the station . All right . I 'll do my best . Jeff , once the Council gets into this , there 's nothing we can do without compromising the neutrality of Babylon 5 . We can 't let that happen . I understand , Senator . Thank you for telling me yourself . Babylon 5 , out . That 's it ? - You 're going to let them do this ? - I have my reasons . You can 't expect us to do nothing while they railroad you . I expect you to do this by the numbers . The safety of Babylon 5 is more important than any one member of her crew . Am I clear ? Dr. Kyle , you were present with the party when the Ambassador arrived and can confirm Commander Sinclair wasn 't present , correct ? That is correct . He was delayed in the transport tube . According to your own chief of security , the tube records do not reflect this . Why is that ? I don 't know . Doctor , if I may . We have heard that there was a witness . Is this true ? Yes and no . The information is secondhand and may or may not be admissible . The witness thinks it may have been the Commander , but ... Why are you withholding the name of the witness , Dr. Kyle ? The witness requested anonymity for the time being . If this should go to trial , that would , of course , change . I see . Given the information about the location of the poison proved accurate it seems strange that you 'd question the rest of the story . Ambassador Mollari , do you have any questions ? No , not at this time . Thank you . One last thing , Doctor . You said you were finally able to analyze the poison . What kind was it ? Fluorozyne . It 's pretty rare . It only comes from one system that I 'm aware of . The Damocles sector . Were you aware that the Commander 's woman recently returned from a trading expedition to the Damocles sector ? - Just a minute ! - Commander ... And that her ship , the Ulysses , docked at this station 20 minutes before the attempted assassination ? Damn it , leave Carolyn out of this ! No further questions . Ambassador Mollari . I would like to discuss your vote with you . You 're saying you don 't believe what Lyta Alexander saw in the Ambassador 's mind . - Based on what ? - I don 't trust telepaths . Never have , never will . Who knows what she really saw ? I 've seen her with Del Varner . He kept Londo from attending the reception . - So ? - I checked with Earth Central . It turns out Varner 's got a criminal record going back five years . He 's been indicted three times in the last year for tech-running . Take a look . All these indictments are from the Earth Alliance court . Smuggling forbidden technology from the Vega system . - Same again from the Proxima system . - Exactly . The minute he 's on Babylon 5 , he 's in Earth jurisdiction and subject to arrest . Why would he take that kind of risk ? There would have to be something major at stake . And something else . Varner promised to back Londo 's bets at the casino , then backed out . But Varner does a lot of business with the Centauri Republic . Why risk alienating his clientele by burning Londo ? For that matter , why promise to back Londo at all ? Tech-runners aren 't noted for generosity . No , and apparently Varner 's been heavily in debt . He couldn 't have paid Londo 's debts if he 'd wanted to . It just doesn 't add up . I don 't know how he fits in , but I 'll bet you 100 credits he 's involved . Then I think it 's about time you had a little talk with Mr. Varner . Yes ? Commander ? The Council is about to reconvene . I 'm on my way . The Babylon 5 Advisory Council is hereby reconvened . Recorders are activated ? Ambassador G 'Kar , do you wish to make a motion ? Commander Sinclair is a respected member of the Earth Alliance and of this council . The idea that he may have been involved with the attempted murder of Ambassador Kosh is repellent to everyone here . I believe it 's inappropriate for this council to act as judge and jury in this matter . We are not a court , and we do not have all the facts before us . May I humbly suggest that we decline jurisdiction in this matter . This is more properly a matter for a true court of law . A court of law such as that on the Vorlon homeworld . After all , the crime committed was against their ambassador . I move that Commander Sinclair be remanded for transport to the Vorlon homeworld , along with the witnesses and evidence that have been accumulated . There to stand trial on the charge of attempted murder . Ambassador ! Unless it is in the interest of the Earth Alliance to cover up the facts . If that is the case , then Babylon 5 is a fraud ! A motion stands before this council . It must be voted upon . As the duly appointed representative of the Narn regime , I vote yes . What do the rest of you have to say ? The Earth Alliance votes no . Ambassador Delenn ? The Minbari Federation abstains . Ambassador ? The Centauri Republic votes yes . Deadlock , Ambassador . Two in favor , two opposed or abstaining . But there is a fifth vote to be heard from . Two hours ago , I told of my intentions to the leaders of the Vorlon Empire . They reached a decision on the matter and asked me to cast their vote for them . They vote yes , to convey Commander Sinclair to their world for trial . Which makes the vote three to two . The motion is passed . Deportation is to take place within 12 hours . Good day . Del Varner ? This is Security Chief Michael Garibaldi . I 'd like to talk to you . Access system is non-functional . Come on in . Check around . - I 'll take the back , you take the bedroom . - Got it . Over here . DNA pattern checks out , Jeff . It 's Del Varner , all right . Any idea when it happened ? I 'll have an exact time of death for you in about an hour . Someone 's trying to cover their tracks and dead-end the investigation . - Varner was the key to this case . - What about his personal effects ? I 've got my people going over the place now . I 'm not holding out any hope , though . What about Ambassador Kosh ? Once I knew which poison we were dealing with , I checked around and there is a counter agent to the poison . - We have some ? - No , but we 've got something close . I 'm altering the molecular structure of the compound so it 'll serve the same function . - How long ? Six , maybe seven hours . I thought you said Kosh only had another ten hours left . I did . Don 't make any mistakes , Ben . Damn it . Maybe they were right . Maybe you got the wrong man for this job after all . With Varner gone , I don 't even know where to start . Maybe you should turn this over to someone else . You 're talking to the wrong man . I 'm scheduled for the Vorlon homeworld . Michael , I picked you because you 're right for the job . You 're not politic . You 're not subtle and sometimes you 're a pain in the ass . And I wouldn 't have it any other way . Do what you have to . Just nail whoever 's responsible . - Lieutenant Commander . - What is it ? We 've lost contact with a bot we sent to check on a drop in oxygen pressure in Blue 5 . - Cause ? - Unknown . All right , get a repair crew out there . Find out what 's going on . It 's me . No oxygen mask ? Gill implants . - Painful to use but ... - But efficient . - Precisely . There 's been a complication . Come . Mr. Garibaldi . I don 't know what to say . You know I have the greatest respect for your Commander Sinclair . You sure have a funny way of showing it , Ambassador . Yes , the vote . I can see why you 'd be upset by that . But I didn 't know . You see , G 'Kar came to me to discuss my vote . You went along with somebody who 'd love to put you and the Centauris on a spit and roast you all ? I had no choice . Back home our position , status , all that we have is based on family history . G 'Kar offered me an exchange : My cooperation in return for evidence showing that during our rule of the Narn homeworld certain atrocities were committed by my grandfather . - You didn 't know about this ? - Of course I knew . But what 's done is done . Why bring it up now ? The point is , no one else back home knows . If it were to get out ... I couldn 't let that happen . For what it 's worth , Mr. Garibaldi , I 'm sorry . I didn 't think my cooperation would do him any good . Two votes for shipping Sinclair off , two against , a deadlock . I had no idea he 'd contacted the Vorlon homeworld . And if you had known ? Would you have done anything different ? No , I 'm afraid not . Your Commander Sinclair is a good man . I would hate to lose him . This is my weakness . My failure . And I 'm sorry . Truly sorry . Londo . Thanks . This medal ... You were on the Line ? And you never told me ? The biggest battle of the Earth-Minbari War and you never told me ? I didn 't want to talk about it . Why ? I was squad team leader when the call came in . We all knew it was a suicide mission . The Minbari had broken through and were closing in . Every ship we had left was ordered to circle Earth . We had to stop them no matter what it cost . They came at us out of nowhere . We never had a chance . The sky was full of stars and every star was an exploding ship . One of ours . My team was blown out of the sky in less than a minute . Twelve ships . I managed to take out a fighter before they hit my stabilizers . I was losing power , I 'd lost my team . I figured if I was to die , I 'd take some of them with me . So I targeted one of their heavy cruisers . Hit my afterburners . I was going to ram them head-on . The last thing I remember is hurtling toward that cruiser . Filling my screen . Big . My God , so big . Then something passed in front of my eyes . I guess I blacked out from the acceleration . When I came to , 24 hours later the cruiser was gone . I checked in . They told me the war was over . The Minbari had surrendered . Because of the Line . No . We were beaten . We didn 't stop them , they stopped themselves . And I wish to hell I knew why . Dr. Kyle . I thought I 'd stop by and see how the Ambassador was doing . Definite progress . The counter agent seems to be working . If we can keep his condition stable for the next few hours he may have a chance . That 's extraordinary . You saw Del Varner at the casino after the Ambassador was attacked , right ? Isn 't that what I said ? Yes , you did . And Garibaldi said the same thing . But that 's what 's so extraordinary . According to the autopsy of Varner 's body , he 's been dead for nearly 36 hours . Meaning you and Garibaldi saw a dead man at the casino . That 's ... What are you doing ? Stop , you 'll kill ... Are you okay ? Ben , the Ambassador ? I think I got to him in time . Now , will somebody please tell me what the hell is going on around here ? Coordinates . Negative . We have limited update access until further notice . Watch your step , Commander . Repair crew found this stuck to the hull at Blue 5 , Level B. Destroyed a maintenance bot investigating a drop in oxygen pressure . Almost took out the repair crew before they disabled it . Looks like a transport of some kind . I guess someone used it to fasten onto the hull and burn into the station . - How many could 've come through ? - It 's only big enough for one . I 've got crews checking every inch of the hull for any more . So far , nothing . Definitely short-range . Someone had to bring this here and drop it off outside the station . Otherwise there 'd be a ship floating outside with no one in it . Exactly . Meaning someone on the station is providing support . Yeah . One other thing , maintenance found another body . Where ? Stuffed into an access panel in the transport tube . Environment tech named Hazeltine . Ben says he 's been dead at least 16 hours but according to a couple of his co-workers , they saw him recently . Sinclair . Commander , I 'm in Del Varner 's quarters . You and Garibaldi better get down here . There 's something you should see . On our way . We were finally able to crack Varner 's access code . He was a tech-runner , transporting forbidden technology across systems . His last job took him to the Antares sector for a changeling net . The ultimate in camouflage . It sets up a holographic field that projects a false image . And that 's what Kosh saw in the docking bay . Not the Commander , but someone made to look like him . Pretty neat trick . An expensive and very dangerous trick . Changeling nets are outlawed in every civilized sector . Prolonged exposure to an energy field that intense and unstable can be fatal . And our little pal has been using it constantly . A system like this would have to put out a lot of energy . Can you recalibrate the station 's external sensors to scan for energy sources inside the station ? - We can try . - Good , do so . We 'll be along shortly . We have to stop at security . There 's a few things I want to pick up . Security 's standing by . What 's the situation ? We 're closing the final relays now and switching over to a new program . - Got it . - All right . Filter out all known energy sources : Life Support , utilities , defense grid . - Any energy that we 're putting out . - On it . Compensate for ambient heat energy from the solar collectors . Coming up . Here it is . Got it . Where is it ? Red 12 . - Come on . - Level 7 A. All right , seal off the area . I 'm taking care of this personally . - Lf we need help , we 'll link in . - Wait . Better take a recorder . You may need a witness . Thanks . - Let 's go . - Good luck . We 're registering an energy surge at the jump point . Frequency matches the Vorlon ship that came through earlier . It must be the transport ship , damn . That 's not a transport . I think the Commander 's ride is here . Set PPG to force five . I want this thing alive . It can 't answer questions if it is dead . Status on tracking ? Ten meters to your right . It 's moving again . Mike . There it is . Mike . - You all right ? - Yes . Flak jacket caught most of it . Go on . I 'll catch up . Go . Lieutenant Commander , the Vorlon captain demands that we turn over Commander Sinclair now . Patch into the signal from the Commander 's recorder . If we broadcast that signal to the Vorlon ship ... I 'm on it . Unless we turn over the Commander , they 'll open fire on the station . Tell them to get stuffed ! Activate defensive grid . Screens to maximum . And get that recorder on-line , now . Minbari ? Vorlon weapon systems powering up . They 're locking onto us , preparing to fire . - Where 's that signal ? - On-line , now . Broadcast . All frequencies . Let the Vorlons see what 's going on . Why ? Why did you do it ? There is a hole in your mind . Oh , my God . He 's wired . Brace for explosion . Close pressure doors . Seal off this section . - Not with you inside . - Damn it . Do it ! I gave you an order . Do it ! Station 's shifting . We 're losing stability . - Status ? - Fifteen degree rotation . Station 's tearing itself apart from the inside . Auto-configuration systems not responding . Go to manual . Starboard stabilizers . Ten second burst . Twelve degree rotation , ten degree , four minus two . Aft stabilizers , small starboard burst . Infrastructure won 't handle the strain . She 'll blow up . - Minus six , minus eight . - Mark . Minus eight , minus five . Small starboard burst , two and two . Easy , gentle . Minus two , minus one plus two . Zero . We 're back in position . Damage control to Blue 7 . Damage control , proceed to Blue 7 . Commander , this breach of security isn 't going to affect my Christmas bonus , is it ? You 're all right ? Do you need anything ? Coffee two sugars cream and aspirin . I wish you could stay . We just get things calmed down and you have to go . My timing always was pretty awful . My ship 's waiting . You could come with me . We could pool our savings and buy a bigger ship . We could blow this place . I 'll think about it . Don 't take too long . I 'll wait but not forever . How 's Michael ? Resting in his quarters . I checked him out pretty thoroughly . - What about the station ? - Holding together . I 've got a repairs team working on the breach . It 'll take a few days , but it 's nothing we can 't fix . Good . You can tell the Vorlons that Ambassador Kosh is out of critical . The counter agent worked even better than I had hoped . Commander , may I speak with you ? I studied a record of your confrontation . I regret that a Minbari was responsible for all this sadness . You can 't be responsible for the actions of every one of your race , Delenn . No . But there is something I can do . I recognized the markings on his face and I was able to determine who and what he was . I just received this file from my government . A full record of his travels . I think you will find it most interesting . You wanted to see me , Commander ? Just thought you 'd like to join me in a toast , before the reception . Ambassador G 'Kar . To a fully operational Babylon 5 . To the future . I 'm pleased that the Vorlons have dropped all charges against you now that the real culprit has been found . Have you learned anything more about him ? Yes . Our would-be assassin had an interesting background . He belonged to a branch of the Minbari warrior caste who split from the government after the war . A warrior caste . That explains why he would want to disrupt Babylon 5 and our mutual goal of peace . I 'm surprised you didn 't ask about Del Varner . I assumed he was simply another innocent victim . Not quite . His last entry spoke of a payoff for bringing a changeling net over the border . He was supposed to meet his buyer in the Tigris sector , but was running behind . Didn 't your supply ship also pass through the Tigris sector on its way here ? If you have a point to make , Commander , please make it . I believe the assassin was brought here on your supply ship . That 's why they needed the changeling net before they arrived . A Minbari warrior , walking off a Narn ship , would draw a lot of attention . With the net , he could appear to be one of your crew and infiltrate the station . When Varner missed connecting with your ship , he came here . So you had to find another way to get the assassin onboard . They used the transport we found on the station 's hull to get him inside . He then killed Del Varner and grabbed the changeling net . Sheer speculation , Commander . With the death of Del Varner and the assassin you have no proof . That 's right . Well , I should be on my way . One more thing . As I mentioned , the assassin belonged to the Minbari warrior class . During the war , I was in my world 's warrior class . We saved each other 's lives a dozen times over . Commendable . - But what does that have to do with ... - With nanotechnology ? Glad you asked . You 've heard of it , haven 't you ? Machines too small for the human eye to see . You can even shield them , make them invisible to electronic detection . Like the one you just swallowed in that drink . I imagine it 's firmly latched on to your intestinal tract by now . What ? It 's nothing harmful , Ambassador . It 's a location transmitter . See ? It should dissolve in about five years . But , until then , Ambassador my friends in my warrior caste have this frequency . If anything should happen to Babylon 5 they have instructions to track down that transmitter and well , why spoil the surprise ? This is an outrage . This is insurance . What you do here is your own business . You can scheme , plan and play all the games you want but get this straight . If you ever endanger this station again , my people will find you . And the results will be most unpleasant . There we were , a fleet so large it nearly eclipsed the sun . Suddenly , we fell on them like a wave falling upon a shore . - Later . Beep , beep . " Beep , beep " ? It must be Earth humor . Who can figure a species like that ? " Beep , beep . " I 'd say he took that pretty well . Think they 'll ever find that transmitter on G 'Kar ? No , because there isn 't one . There isn 't ? Wait ... I lied . I figured if there were a transmitter , they 'd eventually find it and remove it . But if I just told them there was , they 'd keep looking . Indefinitely . Do you have any idea of the tests they 'll do ? The things they 'll do to try to find a transmitter that 's not there ? Yes . Come on . Can I have your attention ? Will you all please join me in welcoming to Babylon 5 our final representative Ambassador Kosh , of the Vorlon Empire . You left the reception . I needed a little quiet to think . Delenn just before he died , the Minbari assassin looked at me and said : " There is a hole in your mind . " An old Minbari insult . Nothing you need worry about . Maybe . It 's just , there 's a 24-hour period in my life that I can 't account for . It happened during the war with your people . You wouldn 't be holding anything out on me , would you , old friend ? Commander , I would never tell you anything that was not in your best interest . We 'll talk about this again one of these days . Come on . We should get back to the reception . By the way , there is something I 've been wondering . Why Babylon 5 ? If the prior four stations were lost or destroyed why build another ? Plain , old , human stubbornness , I guess . When something we value is destroyed , we rebuild it . If it 's destroyed again , we rebuild it again . And again and again until it stays . That , as our poet Tennyson once said , is the goal : " To strive , to seek , to find , and not to yield . " A poet ? Someone who writes poems . A poem : A story in meter or rhyme . " There once was a man from Nantucket " You 've been talking to Garibaldi again , haven 't you ? Yes . How did you know ? Just a wild guess . Open all communications channels . This is Lieutenant Commander Laurel Takashima . Our docking bays stand ready to receive you . Babylon 5 is open for business . Subtitles conformed by SOFTITLER English - US
