 Thomas Allman ! Thomas Allman , you have been found unworthy of having existed . Is that you , mother ? Your life and all memory of you will be wiped from history . The void you occupied in the space-time continuum will be allocated to a person who was never given the gift of life . May they spend their time more wisely . But , please ! Why me ? There must be others who 've lived worthless lives ! All will be judged . It is complete . All that remains is to delete your physical form . Sorry to disturb you , sir . Reality trouble . Coffee , sir . Double caffineated , quadruple sugar . Nice one . Ah , Virgil 's Aeneid . Oh , the epic tale of Agamemnon 's pursuit of Helen of Troy The most classic work by the greatest Latin poet who ever put quill to parchment ! Yeah , it 's the comic book version . It 's good though , man . Absolutely full of history . Zap , pow , kersplat , die in bed you Trojan pig-dog , gnyarrg , kerpow . I see they 've remained faithful to the original text . I 'm sure Virgil would have approved . Kryten , don 't discourage him . It 's the only thing he 's ever read that doesn 't have lift-up flaps . ¿ What was that ? ! Strange , we 've changed course . Are you sure , Holly ? There 's no course change programmed . And again ! Mark one eight zero a complete turn ! We 're heading back to Red Dwarf . Gimme manual , Hol . We 're locked out ! This is not a malfunction , there 's something controlling the craft ! Holly , any traffic around ? Nothing on the local scan . This isn 't possible , there must be - I am in possession of the human known as Lister . Do not attempt to resist me . What happened to him , his voice finally break ? Who are you ? Tremble at my name , for I am the Inquisitor ! The Inquisitor ! Your vessel is under my control . It will return you to your mother ship where you will face judgment . You will each present a case to justify your existence . If you fail , you will be deleted ! Are you okay , sir ? Yeah . God , I think so . A little bit shaky . I think we should run you through the Mediscan , though , just as a precaution . Yeah , okay . So , Kryten , you 've heard of this " Inquisitor ? " Only as a myth ; a dark fable ; a horror tale , told across the flickering embers of a midnight fire , wherever hardened space dogs gather to drink fermented vegetable products and compete in tales of blood-chilling terror ! A simple " yes " would have sufficed . So who is he ? Yeah , what 's his beef ? Well , the legend tells of a droid - a self-repairing simulant , who survives till the end of eternity ; to the end of time itself . After millions of years alone , he finally reaches the conclusion that there is no god , no afterlife , and the only purpose of existence is to lead a worthwhile life . And so the ' droid constructs a time machine , and roams eternity , visiting every single soul in history , and assessing each one . He erases all those who have wasted their lives and replaces them with those who never had a chance of life - the unfertilized eggs , the sperms that never made it . THAT is the Inquisitor - he prunes away the wastrels , expunges the wretched , and deletes the worthless ! We 're in big trouble . Wait a minute ! Who 's to say what 's worthless ? Oh please ! Take a look in the mirror ! Read your entry in " Who 's Nobody ! " No , I mean it ! Who 's to judge ? Who 's to say what 's worthwhile ? Well , let 's face it , Listy , lying on your bunk , reading " What Bike ? " and eating sugar puff sandwiches for eight hours every day is unlikely to qualify . So just because I haven 't written any symphonies or painted the Sistine Chapel , that makes me prunable ? No , being a totally worthless , unwashed space bum , that 's what makes you prunable . Precisely . The criterion is not fame , it is simply to have lived a worthwhile life . Why did no one mention this before ? If I had been told this at the start , that the object was to lead a worthwhile life , I could have done something about it ! All those charity telethons when I used to ring in and pledge donations - if I had known this , I would have given them my credit card number ! You simply have to have lead a life that wasn 't totally egocentric , vain and self-serving ! You 're doing this on purpose , aren 't you ! I 'm just trying to make you feel better , sir ! Well shut up then ! Hang on a minute , why should we have to take any notice of some half-crazed rogue robot who 's appointed himself judge and jury to the whole of humanity ? Why should we kowtow to his judgment ? Because I have the power to snap your body in two like a dry reed ! Good answer , man , good answer ! So where is he ? See me now and tremble ! The Inquisition begins ! Prove to me you are worthy of the honor of life , or drink deeply from the well of nothingness for all eternity ! I hate these either-or questions . Who is to be first ? Lister . The hologram . You shall be first . Pardon ? You have been granted the greatest gift of all : the gift of life . Tell me , what you have done to deserve this superlative good fortune ? Well , I say this with the highest respect , but what gives you the right to ask - no , actually - demand that answer of me , Your Magnificence ? All must answer to the Inquisitor ! But how do I know I 'll get a fair hearing ? Because , like all who stand before the Inquisitor , your judge shall be yourself ! Oh smeg ! " Oh smeg , " indeed , matey ! Everyone is judged by their own self ? It 's a bit metaphysical , I know , but it 's the only fair way . Now then , justify yourself . Well , first I - Liar ! I 've done good things . No , you haven 't ! In my heart , I 've always tried to do good things . No , you didn 't . Look , in my way , I 've tried to lead a good life . When ? You are a slimy , despicable , rat-hearted , green-discharge of a man , aren 't you ? Well ... sort of , yes . So then , _ justify _ yourself ! What else could I have been ? My father was a half-crazed military failure , my mother was a bitch-queen from hell . My brothers had all the looks and talent . What did I have ? Unmanageable hair and ingrowing toenails . Yes , I admit I 'm nothing . But from what I started with , nothing is up . Hi , buddy ! This is your judgment day , bud . I gotta be cruel ! There can be no favors . I 'm hearing you on FM ! I have to ask you the question : justify your existence - what contribution have you made ? I have given pleasure to the world because I have such a beautiful ass ! Well , that 's true . Can I go now ? That 's your case ? ! You need more ? Some might say that 's a pretty shallow argument . Some might say I 'm a pretty shallow guy . But a shallow guy with a great ass ! Sometimes you astonish even me ! Thank you ! Well Kryten , justify yourself . I 'm not sure I can . But surely your life is replete with good works . There can be few individuals who have lived a more selfless life . But I am programmed to live unselfishly . And therefore , any good works I do come not out of fine motives but as a result of a series of binary commands I am compelled to obey . Well then , how can any mechanical justify himself ? Perhaps only if he attempted to break his programming and conduct his life according to a set of values he arrived at independently . Your argument invites deletion . The rules are yours , not mine . Do you wish to be erased ? Well , I am programmed not to wish for anything . I serve . In a human , this behavior might be considered stubborn . But I am not human , and neither are you . And it is not our place to judge them . I wonder why you do ? Enough ! Well ! Get out of this one , smeghead ! What 're you talkin ' about ? You know what you coulda made of your life , if you tried . What you coulda become . So ? You 've got brains , man ! Brains you 've never used ! So ? So , justify yourself ! Spin on it ! The Inquisition is over . I have reached my verdict . Two of you have failed to become that which you might so easily have been . You have lived without merit , and so not lived at all ! You scum ! You 've wiped them out ! Sir ! He 's crazy , Kryten ! He 's erased the Cat and Rimmer ! They are quite safe . Sir ... I 'm afraid it is we who are to be erased . Ah . The Cat has lead a more worthwhile life than either of us ? He is a shallow and selfish creature , as is the hologram . By their own low standards they have acquitted themselves . Whereas you and the mechanoid could have been so much more . What 's this ? Best guess : we are being surgically removed from time . Every memory of us , every action we ever performed is being dissolved . Our lives are being undone . It is complete . The time-lines are knitted . Causality is healed . All that remains is to remove your physical forms from existence . Well , if you 've got some amazing secret plan up your sleeve , Kryten , now 's the time to mention it . No plan , sir . No sleeves . Perfect ! Ah , now , what did I do next ? Now , hurry ! Take the gauntlet and go ! What the smeg is goin ' on ? I don 't have time to explain ! I 've come from the future to rescue you . Now you must go ! Hurry ! What about me ? I mean ... you ... I mean ... us ? I 'm afraid we get killed . Killed ? How ? While I 'm standing here explaining this to you , the Inquisitor jumps me from behind , like this . I forgot to say , before you reach the final confrontation in the storage bay you must have decoded the gauntlet 's controls . How ? Can you give us a clue ? Well , I cannot explain . For some bizarre reason my final words are " Enig . " " Enig ? ! " Yeah , enig - Come on sir , we have to go ! He 's just killed you , Kryten ! Sir ! We have to go ! You are not registered as personnel of this vessel . Please state your name and clearance code . It 's us , Hol ! Please state your name and clearance code . Lister , D. Treble zero , one six nine . I have no record of your palm-print . Intruder Alert ! Intruder Alert ! Initiating Override ! Please state your name and clearance code . Logon name : Kryten . Registration code : Additional zero zero one . I have no record of your CPU ident . We don 't exist here anymore ! Tear gas ! Oh , thank god it 's you guys . Move so much as an eyebrow , and you 're dogmeat . What ? It 's us ! Who are you people and what do you want ? Rimmer ! It 's me ! How do you know my name ? Don 't fall for that one , buddy , he read it on your uniform ! Sir , they 've never met us before . We are limbo people , between realities . They have no memory of us . So , I 'm going to ask you one more time : what do you want ? Yo , we 're not the enemy ! There 's a guy ' round ' ere somewhere , wandering ' ' round obliteratin ' people from history ! We used to be your shipmates . Only we 've forgotten you . Yeah ! Well , I don 't know about you , but I 'm convinced . Rimmer , I know you ! Well , if you do know me , you 'll know I 'm the kind of rough-and - tumble , hardened Astro , ex-Marine type guy you do _ not _ trifle with . No , you 're not ! For the last time , I 'm asking - Fiona Barringson ! Fifteen years of age . You got off with her in your Dad 's greenhouse . You thought you got lucky but it turned out all the time that you had your hand in warm compost . How could I know that , and not know you ? Not true ! You got three brothers : John , Howard , and Frank . You 're really mean with money . You 're a tremendous physical coward . You once spent an afternoon on the Samaritan switchboard , and four people committed suicide ! Gotta admit , bud , he 's got a handle on ya there . Sirs , you 've got to help us ! The Inquisitor will stop at nothing to obliterate us ! Look , they 're from some freaky alternative dimension , they 've come here to hijack this ship and do ... oooh , weird things to us . I think we should take the lift , put them on the security deck and stick them in the brig . I hate to say it , but for once TransAm-wheel-arch-nostrils is right . Come on , get moving ! What did you call me ? C 'mon , let 's go ! C 'mon ! What 's the point ? Why am I tryin ' to get outta this ? We already know we fail . Not so , sir ! All we know is that I die . Now , if my small gambit ultimately results in your safety , then it will be a move well made . For myself , death holds no fear . Oh yeah ? Sir , I am programmed to relinquish my life . That 's why the Mechanoid 4000 series was voted " Android of the Year " five years running ! I have as much interest in saving my own life as a chronically-depressed lemming . That 's not true , is it ? Sir ? Not anymore . And it 's all because of me . It 's my fault . 'Cause I made ya break your programming ' . I taught ya how to lie . How to make your own decisions . I made you more ... more human . I gave you a life to lose . Sir , with the greatest respect , that is complete and utter shash . Kryten , I know when you 're lying . Your right foot jiggles . It 's involuntary . Nonsense . I 'm not afraid to die . For me , death holds no fear . I believe in Silicon Heaven ! I believe in an afterlife for androids ! Haven 't you got through those damn manacles yet ! ? Kryten ! I 'm not gonna let it happen , man . Cause and effect , sir . It already has happened . There 's nothing we can do except to try and save your life . Okay , now I think I have this , it 's a variant of the Enigma decoding system . Enigma ! Enig - Enigma ! " Enig , " of course ! My last words ! Well , anyway , if this thing works , it should age those manacles by half a million years . If it doesn 't work ? It 'll wipe out the universe . Phew . What now ? Well now , we have the power . Okay , we don 't know who you are , but we 've seen enough of the other dude to know we wanna be on your side . He killed our two crew-mates in cold blood , he 's a monster . I 'm the Cat , this is Rimmer . Yeah . Lister . Kryten . Look , I want to make it clear , I 'm not exactly in love with the idea of pitching in with you two , but needs must as the devil drives . You really don 't remember me , do ya ? Everything I did used to get on your pecks . How I used to be trimming ' me toenails with your electric meat-carver or something , and you 'd go absolutely spare . Sir , we really must get down to the storage bay . Now remember my message to us - that is where we meet the Inquisitor for the final confrontation . That 's your plan ? We go out there and face him ? Nice plan . Shall I paint a bullseye on my face ? Listen , Kryten , I 've been thinkin ' about this , - I 've come up with somethin ' . - Yes , sir ? I 'm gonna use my brains for the first time in my life . Considering the circumstances , sir , do you really believe that 's wise ? Gimme the time gauntlet . But you don 't know how to use it , sir ! You 'll have to shout out instructions , won 't ya ? Wouldn 't it be simpler if I wore it ? You can 't wear it , Kryten ! Why not ? You 're programmed not to kill . So , the mortals seek to challenge my mastery ! Kryten , I don 't know how to work this thing . Gamma , delta , one four five . Smeg ! You youthed me ! The sport begins ! Now what the smeg have ya done to me ? Excuse me , could I just distract you for a brief second ? Huh ? Excuse me , could I possibly just distract you for just a brief second ? It was the best I could ad-lib at the time . He got the Cat and Rimmer , though . I know . Look sir , I 've got to go back in time and sacrifice myself in order that we can get into this mess we 're in now in the first place . Yeah , sure . All in all , today 's been a bit of a bummer , hasn 't it , sir ? How long before he unfreezes ? Ten minutes ? No . Eight point four . We 'd better be right , Kryten . I know . Gauntlets . Now what do I say when I pop up behind the Inquisitor ? Uh ... " Perfect , now what do I - " That 's it , that 's it . Don 't tell me - I 've got it . Don 't tell me - I 've got it , I 've got it . OK , big fella , it 's dangling ' time . Welcome back on-line . What are you doing ? One way or the other , you killed a lot of my friends this afternoon . In fact , you may never get on my good side again . So now you 're going to kill me ? I don 't think so . You 're a fat little human who doesn 't have the balls . Strong talk for a guy who 's dangling over a chasm . I 've seen inside your heart . You don 't have it in you . Oh yeah ? Bet your life ? I never intended to kill you . Oh , no ? No . I intended to save your life . Save my life ? Why ? 'Cos if I save your life , and you erase me , then I won 't be there to save your life , and you 'll die . Chew on that , pal . Giving me my gauntlet back ? Well , I 'm allright . Ya can 't touch me . You might 've killed the others , but I 'm okay . Oh , just one thing . If I erase you from history , you will never have existed to end my life in the first place . That 's a point . So now , I can erase you quite safely . Yeah . Yeah ! It 's the old backfiring-time-gauntlet trick . You just bought yourself a one-way ticket to oblivion . But you can 't . All my glorious work will be undone ! - Oh , it worked ! - It worked ? Kryten , you 're a genius ! It was your scheme , sir . I simply re-programmed the gauntlet . So what happens now ? Well , basically we wait for the time-space continuum to re-order itself . I believe this is an appropriate juncture for you to give me five , sir . Give you five ? I can do better than that ! I can give you fifteen !
