 Remember Argyle Somerfield , an old movie star ? Eighty-three , according to this , an he 's just had a baby with his nurse ! ' " It was love at first sight " , she cooed , " I 've always liked older men ' " . God , if she ever ran into Tutankhamen he wouldn 't stand a chance ! She 'd have his bandages off before you can say " silicon implants " . There 's some pictures of them here with the new-born . There 's Argyle , and there 's the baby . No no no no , there 's Argyle , and there 's the baby ! I was thrown for a minute by the bib and the bonnet . Thought that was the baby at first ! An eighty-three year old dad ! How 's that gonna work ? I bet he 's not gonna get up in the middle of the night to give the baby its feed . Probably pretend to be dead ! " Darling , can you give the baby his bottle tonight ? " It 's not gonna work , is it ? The only advantage , as far as I can see , is the wife can change both their nappies at the same time . Are you still not talking to me ? It 's unbelievably childish , y ' know . I 've a good mind to fill your shoes with runny porridge again . Teach you a lesson about maturity ... All right , I 'll tell you what : I bet I can make you say something in the next ... minute . Twenty big ones . Shake on it ... All right , if I 'm on , say nothing . I 'm on ! Okay . I 'm gonna say something , all right , an ' you 're gonna totally lose it . Are you ready ? Y ' ready ? Remember Yvonne McGruder ? You really liked her , didn 't you ? I used to go out with her , y 'know . Before you did . You didn 't know that , did you ? Broke up in the end . Really hurt me . Still got the scars today . They never heal , carpet burns , do they ? Both cheeks , man ! She nearly wore them down to the bone ! Will you shut up ! What did I tell you ? Twenty big ones ! I 've been listening to you whittling on now for what seems like two ice ages ! My mind is so numb and brain-dead I feel like I 've just attended a three-day seminar entitled " The Future of Plumbing " . Oh , at last you 're talking to me . I knew we 'd make it up . Eighty-three ! This thing 's even bigger than I remember ... Errr , guyyys ... we 've got a problem .. ! Hey guys ! Look at my body ! There 's an invitation that will not cause a stampede . No ! It 's back to normal . No time for that now , sir . We 're flying down a corridor on Red Dwarf and Starbug appears to be expanding . It 's not Starbug that 's expanding , it 's Red Dwarf that 's shrinking ! It must be something to do with the nanobot 's molecular process . Just like my body ! We 're being sucked into a vent ! Can 't fight it ! Air vent walls closing in . We must take action . Be bold , positive , decisive . All right , dudes . Anyone fancy a game of charades using just your noses , or is this a bad time ? Holly , man , we 're about to get crushed to death ! So that 's a ' no ' , then , is it ? Once the nano 's rebuilt the ship , I thought things were going to get back to normal ! We don 't know where we are , what to do , and haven 't got a clue what 's happening . Things are back to normal ! Can 't you get this crate to go faster ? It 's gonna be like getting crushed to death under a gigantic trouser press ! Freshly laundered and wrinkle-free ! I always prayed I 'd go out like that ! There may be a way through this if we take a detour . Past Epsilon 14 and take a right at the hydro unit . We 'll save about two minutes ! Epsilon 14 . There 's ... there 's ... there 's some kind of heartbeat up ahead , and it 's beating at an incredible rate ! You mean there 's a heart out there with no body ? No wonder it 's beating so fast . Heyyy ! I hope we don 't get stopped by the cops . They don 't like it when you 're rat-arsed ... According to the desk we 've lost all engines ! Didn 't I read somewhere that can seriously affect your ability to fly ? Now we 've lost the mid-section and the kitchen ! I 'm sorry everyone , but we may have to have sandwiches for lunch ! Dave ? Selby ! Chen ! Is it really you ? Is it really us ? Hang on , I 'll check . Yeah , I think it 's us . Guys ! This is brilliant ! I can 't believe it ! You know these people , sir ? Know them ? When they 've been drunk and unconscious I 've taken their clothes off and painted parts of them green ! Course I know them ! This is the Red Dwarf crew , Krytie ! How ? The nano 's must have resurrected them along with the ship . This is Chen . He works in the kitchen and he 's always drunk , and this is Selby , and he 's always drunk too ! Where 's Peterson ? He couldn 't make it . He 's drunk ! The crew are all alive , sir ! This is great news ! Wonderful , marvelous , incredible news ! All that extra ironing ! Bliss ! Mister Thornton , read them their rights . David Lister , you are formally charged with stealing and crashing a Starbug . You are also charged with having no pilot 's license , and smuggling two stowaways on board , along with Navigation Officer Kristine Kochanski . Anything you say now , or do not say now , may be used at a board of enquiry against you . Do you require any form of aid ? Yeah , lemonade in a really large scotch . Left , right , left , right , left , right ! Try and relax ! You 're gonna burst a blood vessel ! Shut up , you maggot ! Do you understand ? Do you understand ! ? " Yes - " what ! ? " Yes , Mister ... Shouty " .. ? " YES - SIR " ! Left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right . Halt ! Lift arm . At ease . All right , dude . They don 't know about you yet , Holl . It might be an idea to keep it that way . I need some info . If the board of enquiry find us guilty tomorrow , what happens then ? Well if you lose , you 'll probably get a couple of years in the brig . What brig ? The brig on floor 13 . There isn 't a floor 13 ! Yeah , there is . It was classified . A need-to-know only basis . So who knew ? Well , all the officers , and anyone who 's ever seen the Twilight Zone . So what 's it like , this brig ? Well if I was an estate agent , I 'd probably describe it as an old-style penal establishment , abundant wildlife , two-hundred bedrooms , all with ensuite buckets . Smeggin ' hell . They call it The Tank . There was an inmate population of four-hundred , all being transported to Adelphi 12 . Presumably , they 've all been resurrected too . What are they like ? No don 't tell me , I already know . They 're all deranged , hairy no-lobes with breath like old nappies , arms like toilet walls ... scum of the universe . They 're all like that , aren 't they ? Well , the nice ones are , yeah . Hang on , I 've got one of them on file somewhere . Here we go : I 'm Nigel . I 'm nice ! See what I mean ? They 're not all headbangers . Nige is lovely , though he does tend to get a bit narky if you go too close to him with a magnet . Thanks very much Holl . Y ' really cheering me up . The brig . Two years .. ! Two years without curry and lager ! Two years without sex ! - You hope ! - Rimmer ! Word 's out they 're going to throw the book at you , Listy ! Followed by the bookcase , and then the library , brick by brick . God , it 's you like you used to be . Ughhh . What got into you ? You can 't fly a Starbug , meladdo ! You 're a technician ! A zero ! A nobody ! This is gonna sound nuts , but the whole crew died , including you ! And you 've all been resurrected by these microscopic little robots ! - I died ? - Yeah . - All the crew died ? - Yeah . And you 're going to spend the next two years in the brig with a load of neanderthals with badly spelled tattoos . So where are we , is it my heaven ? Look , a radiation leak wiped everybody out . I survived because I was in stasis . Then these nano 's arrived ... rebuilt the ship , and resurrected the crew . So where are they ? Dunno ... gone , scarpered . Maybe I should take the fifth ? The fifth ? If I were you , I 'd take the sixth , seventh and eighth , too . I 've got to track down these nano 's , to corroborate our story . Otherwise , who 's going to believe our defence ? Only meths drinkers and the corn circle society . I need your help , man . Me ? Who else is going to help me ? I 'm confined to quarters . The minute I walk though that door , I get enough wattage up my jacksie to light up the whole of Bootle ! Well , considering what the future has in store for your jacksie , a couple of zillion volts is going to be easy street ... What 's this rumour that we 're three million light years into Deep Space , and Red Dwarf 's changed shape ? That is classified information , Karen ! Who the hell told you that ? The coffee machine on G-deck . That damn coffee machine . I 'm gonna bust his ass down to tampon dispenser ! Is it true ? Until we get Holly back up , we can 't verify it . Starbug took out one of his CPU banks in the crash and we 're having trouble rebooting . The coffee machine said the ship 's now identical to its original design plans , before the JMC made all its cutbacks ? We now have a quark-level matter anti-matter generator , ship-wide bio-organic computer networking , and a karaoke bar on C-deck . But how ? And how did we wind up in Deep Space ? Nobody knows ... We don 't believe this one 's human . Take a look at this : Has he got the measles ? Those are his nipples , Frank . Six nipples ? I wonder what the female of the species is like ? Pretty easy to please in bed ! Especially if you play the piano . His internal organs are different too . In what way ? His kidney , liver , appendix , are all colour co-ordinated . And even weirder , his stomach wall appears to be decorated . This guy 's intestines look better than my quarters . His heartbeat 's weird too . Instead of a normal heartbeat , his sounds ... cooler ... You think I 'm going to have the dorky human heartbeat ? D dff , d dff , d dff , d dff . Where 's the tune in that ? Let me hear it . Also , his pulse is a different rhythm . Oh , that 's good . Can you slam that down on tape for me ? Rimmer , I 'm begging you man : help me escape . I 've got to track down these nanobots . I 'm not risking my career and standing for you , Listy . I 'm going places ! " Up the ziggurat , lickety-split " ... Up the ziggurat , lickety-split , precisely ! I 'm going to pass the engineering exam ! " And become an officer " ... And become an officer , yes ! An officer . A guy of honour , decency and breeding . Are you saying I haven 't got those qualities ? Generally , people with breeding , when they 're bored and want my bridge club chums to wrap up and go home , people with breeding , generally , do not play 'Popeye the Sailor Man ' with a kazoo inserted between their buttocks . I remember that ! I used to do that sort of thing , didn 't I ? Don 't expect help from me , Lister . But that was years ago ... It was last week ! Last week for you , because you 've just been resurrected ; years ago for me . And anyway I was whirlitzered then . I even finished off the advocar . I even downed that smeg-awful pink stuff down the back of the drinks cabinet . That was my Windowlene ... I must have left it there when I was cleaning the glass . It tasted all right with that Chartruess green liqueurey thing . You drank my Swarfega too ? You 're unbelievable . Look , I 've changed , I 'm different now ... more mature , more debonair . I don 't even stir my tea with a spanner any more . You 'd hardly recognise me . Have you stopped playing the guitar ? No , but I 've stopped accompanying myself on the armpit . What I 'm trying to say is that I don 't need to take my frustrations out on you anymore . How 's that ? I 've been away , what is it ? Five , six years , not counting stasis ? I 've done stuff ! Stuff that would make your hair straight . I 've come through it . I can help you ... - Do what ? - Get promoted . Preposterous ! How ? Information . I 've seen the crew 's confidential reports . I 've seen their strengths and weaknesses ... How ? Well before you were resurrected , I had the run of the whole of the ship . I 've seen the crew 's files , medical records , sessions with the therapist , the works . Knowledge is power . Who said that ? I don 't know . Nor do I. The point I 'm trying to make is , I can make you look like a genius . You can get promoted in the field , man , you won 't have to take exams , or do that astro-engineering smeg ... Just , help me escape . I have my principles , Lister . You think you can buy me with promises of power and glory ? You really think ... okay , I 'll do it . But you 'll have to prove it to me first . You 're on . - Get me promoted . - You 've got it . Okay , deal . You 'll find the confidential files in Starbug 's cockpit . There 's a senile version of Holly loaded into this watch . He 'll lead you to it . Hello , I 'm Doctor Lucas McLaren ; I am the ship 's chief psychiatric counsellor , and I thought it 's about time we got together , and had a really good natter . My name is Kryten , sir . Lovely ! We are doing well , aren 't we ! Now , you 're a robot , aren 't you ? I was , the last time I looked , sir , yes . And can you tell me , when you were created , can you remember ? 2340 , sir Very good , 2340 . Now , that 's in the future , isn 't it ? Yes sir , I was created after you died . Lovely ! Lovely ! So , I died , er , and you were created . And how long would you say I 've been dead , altogether ? Oh , you 're not dead any more , sir . Aren 't I ? No no , you 're alive again now , sir . Can 't you tell ? Right ! I was alive , died , and then started living again .. ? You have been most fortunate sir ! I have , haven 't I ? Golly ! Your chair is screwed down , isn 't it , Kryten ? Er , yes , sir ? Just checking ! Excellent , lovely , lovely ! So , how did I suddenly spring back to life again ? You were rebuilt , sir , by these itty-bitty , teeny-weeny , teenty little robots ! 'Teenty little robots ' ? And they make this little noise , 'miniminiminiminiminiminiminiminimini ' ! Yes , just double check that chair for me , would you , Kryten ? It is still screwed down , isn 't it ? With really long , long screws that go deep , deep into the ground ? Er , yes , sir . Okay , now tell me , what kind of robot do you think you are ? What were you programmed to do ? Oh well , I 'm a sanitation droid , sir . I 'm programmed to do sanitation-type things : washing , cleaning , ironing . Hmm . You also drive spaceships though , don 't you ? Pretend to be the science officer , and sit in that lovely , swivelly chair , with all those lovely , pretty buttons and press them all ? Yes , I do that too , sir . That 's sort of thanks to Mister Lister . Mister Lister .. ? He helped break my programming , sir . Over the years I have managed to develop some serious character faults of which I 'm extremely proud ! I 'm even able to lie to a modest standard , for example : " you have a very fine hair cut ! " You see how good I 've got ? Also , " I 've completely mastered pomposity , even though I say so myself ! " I 've also developed several rudimentary emotions , including fear : " Oh my God ! It 's going to kill us ! " ; sadness : " Oh my God , it 's killed us " ; happiness : " oh no it hasn 't ! " ; surprise : " Oohh ! I 've turned into a frog ! " , and just lately , I 'm proud to say , I 've got the hang of anger , with rudimentary mindless violence : That 's a newie . I was going to launch it at this year 's Emotion Show . At the moment , I 'm working on ambivalence which means feeling two opposite , irreconcilable emotions about the same thing : As you can see , I haven 't quite got the hang of that one yet . I look like a dog with a caramel toffee . What is your relationship with Lister ? I love Mister Lister , sir , he taught me everything . Without him , I 'd probably be normal . I 'm going to make a recommendation now , Kryten , which I think will help you , but just before I do , just double check that chair for me , would you ? Yes ! Luck virus ; sexual magnetism ? Holly , what 's this ? Dave got them years ago from this scientist called Lanstrom . They 're positive viruses . One gives you sexual magnetism , and the other gives you luck . Well , ' til your natural body defences combat the virus . Sexual magnetism ! You gonna use it ? Is Paris a kind of plaster ? You bet I am ! A tiny swigette to see if it works . Well , bottoms up ! Then bottoms down , and hopefully bottoms up again ! Hi , Arn ... Ladies ! Hi , Arnold ... The world loves a bastard !
