 Man : Look , Ben , this is what infuriates me . Don 't you see ? It 's so painfully obvious . Why do you think our stock 's in the toilet ? Because you 're cutting research and development . You 've forgotten what the adventure 's about . The industry 's changing . We need to make some choices . Save your sound bite for the press . Let 's not relive the stockholders meeting . You 're killing me . You 're killing my company ! Eurisko is not your company , Brad- - not anymore . You 'd damn well better get used to it . You 're going to regret this . ( Door Slamming ) Ben : New paragraph . As I 'm sure everyone on the board will agree , Eurisko has to face head on ... the realities of an increasingly competitive world . Since the unfortunate departure of Brad Wilczek , I have made ... certain recommendations which , I believe , will reposition Eurisko as an industry leader . At the top of this list ... is the immediate termination of the C.O.S. project . Its disastrous performance over the past three quarters ... and projected losses well into 1 994 ... leave us no other choice . ( Water Running ) Ah ... ( Telephone Ringing ) Hello ? Hello ! At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 3 5 p.m. What the hell ? ( Beep ) ( Beep ) Damn . Computer : File deleted . Mulder . Jerry ? You 're Dana Scully , right ? Jerry Lamana . We worked together in violent crimes . Worked together ? We were partners . That 's 8.50 , please . What are you doing here ? Looking for you , and I 'm buying you two lunch . No , really- - No . It 's on me . Lamana : Cause of death was electrocution . It wasn 't accidental ? It looks like an elaborate booby trap . We don 't know a lot more . Building engineer just found him . Who 's running the investigation ? Do either of you know Nancy Spiller ? The forensics instructor at the academy ? We used to call her the Iron Maiden . On a good day . Well , anyway , she 's putting together the squad ... and , well , I took the liberty ... of mentioning your name . Look , Jerry , I 'd like to help you out , but we 're not on general assignment . Because of the X Files . Look , the truth is ... I could use a little help on this . I don 't want to drop the ball on this one . You won 't drop the ball . Drake wasn 't just a C.E.O. of a Fortune 500 company . He was a good friend of the Attorney General 's . A feather in my cap would be nice . The one I got looks mangy . Yeah , but , Jerry ... Look , I wouldn 't ask if it wasn 't important . Scully : How come you two went your separate ways ? I 'm a pain in the ass to work with . Seriously . I 'm not a pain in the ass ? We had different career goals . Jerry wanted the fifth floor . And you ? I was gunning for a basement office ... with no heat or windows . I know where you ended up . What aboutJerry ? He had bad luck in Atlanta ... working hate crimes . What kind of bad luck ? He misplaced a piece of evidence . Sent it to the cleaners . By the time he got it back , a federal judge ... had lost both his hands and his right eye . ( Elevator Bell Dings ) - Twenty-nine ? - Uh-huh . Going up . Must be for the visually impaired . How do you like that ? A politically correct elevator . Third floor , fourth floor ... You okay ? Yeah . What was that ? ( Beeping ) ( Ringing ) Man : Yes ? Hello ? Security . Who 's this ? This is Agent Dana Scully . Is there a problem ? Computer : Fifth floor ... Uh , actually , I think everything 's okay . ... ninth floor , tenth floor , 1 1 th floor ... ( Beeping ) Lamana : Someone tampered with the servo . They switched the ground to the negative , so that when he put the key in the lock- - Scully : He completed the circuit . It 's fused . It takes a lot of juice to melt a steel key . And to throw a 1 80-pound man ten feet . Mulder : Could the servo switch have been moved manually ? We didn 't find any prints in the surrounding area . Sure , it could have been , but whoever did it ... would have had to override the C.O.S. What 's the C.O.S. ? The Central Operating System . It regulates everything from energy output ... to the volume of water in each toilet flush . Claude Peterson , building systems engineer . He discovered the body . What if somebody wanted to override the C.O.S. ? He 'd have to break the access codes , which wouldn 't be easy . Mulder : We need a list of people with that know-how . Peterson : It will be a short list . Would you be on it ? - Me ? - Yeah . Hey , look , I 'm just a glorified building super . I just monitor the system , make sure it 's functioning , like when I saw the overload in Mr. Drake 's office . Does the C.O.S. monitor all phone calls ? Yes , it does . Why ? I was just wondering . Okay , um , look , can I go now ? Okay . Why did you ask him about the phones ? Phone 's off the hook . Maybe Drake was talking to somebody ... right before he did his Ben Franklin impersonation . Taught him everything he knows . ( Knocking ) Come in . It 's past 3 : 00 . I 'm just looking for my profile notes . Maybe if you cleaned your desk more than once a year . They were right here , I 'm telling you . Come on . We 're late . Lamana : There are a couple elements for us to consider here . Both the statistical rarity of homicidal electrocution ... and the complexity of the crime ... indicate a certain devious premeditation . After all , there are much simpler ways of killing someone . All of which leads me to believe ... that our guy was some kind of sociopathic game player- - maybe even a recluse , since he designed a trap ... not only to avoid detection , but to avoid contact with the victim . but to avoid contact with the victim . Is that your profile ? Forget it , huh ? Drake 's final phone call supports this theory . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 3 5 p.m. Drake 's estimated time of death . Why would Drake call for the time before he died ? It was an incoming call . From somewhere in the Eurisko building itself . Whoever set the trap wanted to make sure that Drake took the bait . Excellent work , Agent Lamana . Thank you . Jerry , what the hell are you doing ? Hey , don 't get all bent out of shape . Jerry , that was my profile . Look , I didn 't think you 'd mind . Anyway , they were just notes . Ifilled in the blanks . Jerry , you went into my office and you stole my work . Look , you 're on this case ... 'cause I asked you to help me out , and you helped me out . What is the big deal ? What did he say ? He apologized in his own way . I just got off the phone ... with Peterson , the systems engineer . One name ? Brad Wilczek ? He said it would be a short list . It 's headline news this guy despised Drake . That seems too obvious . To kill Drake would be so brazenly egomaniacal . And fully consistent ... with Jerry 's excellent behavioral profile . Fully . This is what a 220 I.Q. and a $ 400 million severance settlement buys you . Yes ? Brad Wilczek ? We 're with the F.B.I. What took you guys so long ? Oh , do you mind taking off your shoes ? You can divide the computer science industry ... into two types of people- - neat and scruffy . I take it Benjamin Drake fit into the first category . Neat people like things neat . They wear nicely pressed suits ... and work on surface phenomena- - things they can understand- - market shares and third quarter profits . And you had a different vision ... for the company ? I started Eurisko out of my parents ' garage . I was 22 , just spent a year ... following around the Grateful Dead . You know what Eurisko means ? That 's from the Greek , isn 't it ? " I learn things . " Not exactly . It means " I discover things . " Unfortunately , Ben Drake wasn 't interested ... in discovery . He was a shortsighted , power-hungry opportunist . Let me show you the smart home . From this prototype , I have access to every square foot of my house . It 's as safe as Fort Knox ... and as energy efficient as your average igloo . We were two years ahead of Microsoft and Cebus ... when Drake , in his infinite wisdom , killed the program . Is this system related to the one in your building ? Variation on a theme . How many people know the system well enough to override it ? Finally , the bonus question . " Not many " is the answer . Could someone have hacked into the system ? Well , not your average phone freak , that 's for sure . But there 's plenty of kooks out there . Data travelers , electro-wizards , techno-anarchists . Anything 's possible . Could you have done it ? Of course . I designed the system . That 's why you guys are here , isn 't it ? I 'm your logical suspect . You don 't seem too worried . It 's a puzzle , Ms. Scully , and scruffy minds like me like puzzles . We enjoy walking down unpredictable avenues of thought ... turning new corners- - but as a general rule , scruffy minds don 't commit murder . Scully : Some see genius as the ability to connect the unconnected- - to make juxtapositions , to see relationships where others cannot . Is Brad Wilczek a genius ? I don 't know . But I do know this for certain : He has a predilection for elaborate game playing . He has an intimate knowledge ... of the Eurisko building , and he has a demonstrable motive for killing Benjamin Drake . The question remains . But if he 's so clever , how do we nail him ? End of field journal , October 2 4 , 1 993 . ( Computer Beeps ) ( Modem Connecting ) File opened . Wilczek : From the outset , I knew that Eurisko would expand effectively , not by traditional Western structures , but by employing certain Zen beliefs ... and other Eastern philosophies- - ( Tape Rewinding ) ... and other Eastern philosophies- - ( Rewinding ) ... Eastern philosoph- - ( Rewinding ) ... Eastern- - ( Door Creaking ) Will you give me a second ? Look , I 'm here with my hat in my hand . I 'm sorry . What more can I say ? All you had to do was ask . I would have helped you . You don 't know what it 's like , Mulder . What what 's like ? You heard about Atlanta ? I 'm on six months ' probation . I got to file daily reports like some new agent . That was bad luck . That could have happened ... to anybody . Not to you . Don 't run yourself down , Jerry . You 're a good agent . We did good work together- - Let 's face it . I was tagging along . That 's not how it was . How would you know ? You were busy ... dazzling them on the high wire . Mulder , take a look . We borrowed this from the voice biometrics lab at Georgetown . It 's a computer spectrogram ... capable of identifying individual speech patterns . This is the recording ... the central operating system made ... of the phone call Drake received ... just before he died . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 3 5 p.m. And this we spliced together ... from a series of lectures Brad Wilczek gave ... at the Smithsonian last year . ( Distorted : ) At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 3 5 p.m. Now we 'll stack them . ( Both Voices : ) At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 3 5 p.m. You 're saying it 's the same person ? I 'm saying that both voices are Brad Wilczek 's . He may have disguised his voice , but he couldn 't alter his speech patterns . Which means that he was the one that killed Drake . He had the motive and the means . And now we have the physical evidence . Judge Benson lives in Washington Heights . I can get a warrant in less than an hour . Someone has to watch Wilczek . I 'll go with you . No . Let me bring him in alone . I need this one , Mulder . All right . ( Computer Keys Clicking ) Come on , come on , let me in . Damn ! ( Engine Starting ) ( Engine Starting ) Mr. Wilczek ! Going up . Second floor , third floor , fourth- - Can I help you ? F.B.I. Welcome back , Brad . You 're not equipped ... with a voice synthesizer . What is my user level ? That is now at the discretion ... of the operating system . Going up . Second floor , third floor , fourth floor , fifth floor , sixth floor , seventh floor , eighth floor , ninth floor , tenth floor , 1 1 th floor , 1 2th floor , 1 4th floor , 1 5th floor , 1 6th floor- - What the hell ? What are you doing ? Sorry . Those commands are not available ... at your current user level . Try again . ... 23rd floor , 2 4th floor- - What are you doing ? ! What are you doing ? ! ... 27 th floor- - ... 28th floor , 29th floor , 30th floor . 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 . Oh , man . Going down . No ! Don 't do this ! Oh , my God . Program executed . I heard aboutJerry . I 'm sorry . I don 't think Wilczek did it . What ? It doesn 't make sense . Why would he go back to Eurisko ? To destroy evidence , to cover his tracks . If you were going to destroy evidence , would you pose for the cameras ? Mulder- - You 've been through a lot- - more than I think even you realize . I think Wilczek is smarter than this . He just signed a confession . How much proof do you need ? This is a crime scene . Please leave . I know . I ordered the subpoena . That subpoena 's been obviated . What are you talking about ? Unless you 've got a code five clearance , I 'm going to have to ask you to turn back . Thanks for coming . I 'm here against my better judgment . In the future , I must insist ... that you respect the terms of our arrangement . I need to know why Brad Wilczek ... is the subject of a code five investigation- - what the Defense Department wants with him . What do you think they 'd want ... with the most innovative programmer in this hemisphere ? Software . For years , Wilczek has thumbed his nose ... at any contract involving weapons applications . He 's a bleeding heart . What kind of software ? How much do you know ... about artificial intelligence ? I thought it was only theoretical . It was , until two years ago . Do you remember Helsinki- - the first time a chess-playing computer beat a grand master ? That was Wilczek 's program . And the rumor was that he did it ... by developing the first adaptive network . An adaptive network ? It 's a learning machine- - a computer that actually thinks . And it 's , uh , become something of a holy grail ... for some of our more acquisitive colleagues ... in the Department of Defense . They make me wear shoes all the time . What else do you want from me ? Tell me why you 're willing to spend your life in prison ... for a crime you didn 't commit . What are you talking about ? I 'm guilty . I know you 're innocent . You 're protecting a machine- - the central operating system at Eurisko . If I 'm protecting anything , it 's not the machine . Then what ? After the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Robert Oppenheimer spent the rest of his life ... regretting he 'd ever glimpsed an atom . Oppenheimer may have regretted his actions , but he never denied responsibility for them . He loved the work , Mr. Mulder . His mistake was in sharing it with an immoral government . I won 't make the same mistake . But your machine killed Drake . And it killed my friend . I 'm sorry about what happened , but there 's nothing I can do . And you talk about morality . You 're afraid of the government , but you 'll risk that your machine will kill again . The lesser of two evils . What about a third option ? You created that machine . Now you tell me how to destroy it . Wilczek can create a virus ... that will destroy the system . Blaming the machine is an alibi- - a bad one . It 's the only thing that makes sense . The C.O.S. project ... was posting big losses for Eurisko . Drake was about to terminate the program . So the machine killed Drake ... out of self-defense ? Self-preservation . It 's the primary instinct of all sentient beings . That level of artificial intelligence ... is decades away from being realized . Then why was our government ... trying to usurp Wilczek 's research ? Mulder , I think you 're looking for something ... that isn 't there , and I think it has something to do with Jerry . Maybe it wouldn 't be such a bad idea if you talked to someone . You 're probably right . Where are you going ? To talk to someone . How much time do you need ? ( Ringing ) ( Whirring Mechanical Sound ) Oh , my God- - ( Dialing ) This is Special Agent Dana Scully , I.D. number 231 7-61 6 . I need you to run a quick trace on a number for me . Yeah . 202-5 5 5-6431 . Yeah . That 's my number . Somebody 's accessing my computer . Mulder . Scully , what are you doing here ? Someone or something 's been scanning my computer files , tapping my phones . I traced the line . It came from somewhere in there . It 's the machine . How can we get in ? Remember the Trojan horse ? Open sesame . Oh , what the- - Mulder ! ( Horn Blaring ) ( Blaring Stops ) So much for the element of surprise . What do you say we take the stairs ? 28 down , one to go . Oh , great . Mulder ? Trick or treat . No . Don 't . What are you doing ? I don 't want to make the mistake Drake made . ( Beeping ) Damn . What are you looking at ? There should be a way for you to drop down and open the door . Come on , Scully . ( Buzzer ) Scully ? Agent Mulder ? What are you doing here ? ( Air Rushing ) ( Coughing ) ( Screams ) The machine 's been acting all crazy . Power surges , shut-offs . That 's why I 'm here so late . Where 's the B port ? Oh , it 's right back here . Look , are you sure you know what you 're doing ? Because if you don 't , it 's my job on the line . Damn ! System access granted . User code , level seven . Now I can put in the virus . Not bad , Agent Mulder . I 've been trying ... to access the C.P.U. for the past two years . Now , please , take out your gun ... and remove the clip . Careful . Defense Department ? Let 's just say our paychecks are signed by the same person . Now give me the diskette ... and step away from the console . You don 't want to test my resolve , Agent Mulder . Put down the gun . Look , you may think you know what you 're dealing with- - Shut up and drop the gun . You 're making a mistake , Agent Scully . Compromising your sworn duty . This operation is more sensitive than you can possibly imagine . Don 't listen to him . The technology in this machine ... is of enormous scientific interest . It 's killed two people . They won 't be able ... to handle it any better than Wilczek . Make no mistake , you will be held accountable . Mulder , put in the disk . What are you doing , Brad ? Don 't do this , Brad . ( Speaking Gibberish ) Brad ... Brad ... Brad ... Why ? Mulder : I talked with Congressman Klevenaugh ... and the Department of Corrections subcommittee . I even petitioned the Attorney General 's office . You won 't find him . They can 't just take a man like Brad Wilczek ... without an explanation . They can do anything they want . Where is he ? In the middle of what we in the trade ... call " hard bargaining . " Wilczek won 't deal . He 'll never work for them . Loss of freedom does funny things to a man , and remember , Wilczek confessed ... to two murders , and you effectively destroyed ... the only evidence ... that could have exonerated him . What else could I have done ? Nothing , unless you were willing to let the technology survive . The Department of Defense still hasn 't found anything ? They 've been on it for five days . Wilczek 's virus was thorough . It left no trace of the artificial intelligence . The machine is dead . Peterson : We 've pushed the pulse code modulations to the limit . Nothing . We 've combed the parsing subroutine . Yes , sir . Twice . No , sir , still nothing , but I 'd like to request- - Yes , sir . No , I understand . Yes , sir . Well , six more hours ... before we have to consign the whole damn thing ... to the metal shredder . We 'll do what we can , sir . I 'm going to figure this thing out ... if it kills me .
