 - Remember when they used to let commercial airlines land in this town ? - Yeah . Well , I don 't understand where we 're going or why the hell we 're bothering anyhow . - You 're doing a good deed . - Wanna give us a better reason ? Yeah . A maniac hijacked a municipal bus with 30 passengers on it . That 's a very good reason . And I got a real bad hunch where those passengers are and who that maniac is . You wanna share it with us ? Phoenix . Simon Phoenix . Send a maniac to catch one . Phoenix ! Don 't move , Phoenix . You 're under arrest . Arrest ? Shit . And you 're trespassing . Where are the passengers ? Oh , yes , passengers . Well , they 're ... . Fuck you . The passengers are gone . See , I told the city , I said " Look , nobody comes down here . " Postmen figured it out policemen figured it out . But the goddamn bus drivers just wouldn 't listen . Last time , Phoenix . Where are the hostages ? To hell with the hostages ! This is between you and me ! What you got , soldier boy ? Do something . Go ahead . You 're up to your ass in gasoline . I 'll set your ass on fire . Is it cold in here or is it just me ? Where are they , Phoenix ? Now , where did I put them ? I swear , I 'd lose my head if it wasn 't attached . I 'll keep that in mind . Damn it , John . I 'm tired of this " Demolition-Man " shit ! You were not supposed to come down here ! You were not supposed to attempt the arrest of Phoenix single-handed and you were not supposed to blow anything up ! It 's not me , this time , Healy . He dumped the gas and rigged the place to blow ! Yeah right , you had nothing to do with it . I know you 've been trying to nail this psycho for 2 years . But try remembering a little thing called official police procedure . - Where are the hostages ? - They 're not here . What do you mean they are not here ? He must 've stashed them someplace else ! How do you know they weren 't in there ? Are you sure ? Because I did a thermo check and there was only eight of them , all part of his gang . Wrong again ! You got something to say , scumbag ? Get him out of here ! Motherfucker ! You and I gonna have a nice long chat . Captain ! Over here ! There 's bodies everywhere ! There must be 20 or 30 . They 're everywhere . See that , Captain ? I told him ! He said he didn 't care ! How could you sacrifice all those innocent people for me ! What kind of man are you ? We 're gonna spend a lot of quality time together . See you , sweetie ! Honey ! Sugar ! If you got a lawyer , you better call him . John Spartan , you 've done great deeds for the city of Los Angeles . So , it is with some regret that , I , William Smithers acting as Assistant Warden , hereby carry out this sentence . Skip it . Sargeant Spartan , you 've been sentenced to 70 years sub-zero re-habilitation in the California Cryo-Penitentiary for the involuntary manslaughter of 30 innocent civilians . Skip it . You 'll be placed in cryo-stasis for the duration of your sentence during which your behavior will be altered through synaptic suggestion . You 'll be eligible for parole no earlier than the year 2046 . I 'm sorry , Sargeant . " All personnel ... " " ... the next scheduled parole hearing for prisoner Gilmour ... " " ... will take place at 07 : 15 " " Warden William Smithers report to Level A , conference room " Mellow greetings , Warden William Smithers . Be well , Lieutenant Lenina Huxley . As it is a beautiful Monday morning and as my duty log irrationally requires it I 'm hereby querying you on the prison population update . Does the tedium continue ? Your earnest questioning is as amusing as it is irrelevant . The prisoners are ice cubes . They never move . I find this lack of stimulus to be truly disappointing . - Don 't you think ? - I try not to . However , you 're young , think all you want . Things don 't happen anymore , we 've taken care of all that . I 'll fiber-op you back after the parole hearings . Have a peachy day , Lieutenant . Be well . Be well . " Vector 137 " " Upcoming , Santa Monica Boulevard " " Retina coding accepted " " Warden William Smithers , be well " Go on . Self-drive on . " Self-drive engaged " Huxley , Lenina , coding on . " No police presence is requested in the city at this time " " Report to the station " Oh boy , how exciting . That 's it . Food , glorious food . There 'll be another one in about 12 hours . These assholes are nothing if not predictable . God , I love to hate this place ! There 's not enough of us , Friendly . That doesn 't really matter anymore , does it Crow ? People are hungry . We 've got nothing left to lose . Greetings , Merwin . Lovely Lenina . Greetings and salutations . Welcome to the emergency line of the SAPD . If you prefer an automated response , press 1 now . Be well . Mellow greetings , Lenina Huxley . Let me guess , all is serene ? On the contrary , it 's been a horrific a.m. There was a defacement of public buildings . Walls smudged with scandalous graffiti . Really ? Brutal . Why wasn 't there an " all-cars notify " ? Because there was no need to create widespread panic . Lieutenant Huxley I monitored your disheartening and distressing comments to the warden this morning . Do you really long for chaos and disharmony ? Your fascination with the vulgar 20th century seems to be affecting your better judgment . You realize you 're setting a bad example for other officers and sworn personnel . Thank you for the attitude re-adjustment , Chief Earle . Info assimilated . Sanctimonious asshole . " Lenina Huxley , you are fined one half credit ... " " ... for a ' sotto voce ' violation of the verbal-morality statute " Thank you . That was tense . - That was tense ? - Yes . Tell me something , Garcia ? Don 't you get bored code tracing perps who break curfew and tell dirty jokes ? Actually , no . I find my job deeply fulfilling . I just can not get over the reality of this office , Lenina Huxley . You 're still addicted to the 20th century . High from its harshness . Buzzed by its brutality . Holy smokes ! Is there anything in this office which doesn 't violate Contraband Ordinance 22 ? Only you , Alfredo Garcia . Don 't you ever want something to happen ? Goodness , no . I knew you were gonna say that . What I wouldn 't give for some action . Mr. Simon Phoenix . One of our first and most illustrious members . Allow me to welcome you to your parole hearing . Let 's get this over quickly . Twenty-nine years ago , the parole system , as you know it was rendered obsolete . Federal Statute 537-29 ... . Stop it ! Do you have anything fresh to say on your behalf ? I thought not . Yeah . I do . Teddy bear . How 'd you know the password to the cuffs ? I wish I knew . Simon says : Die . Warden let 's get this over quickly . " Retina coding accepted , Warden William Smithers " " Be well " Yeah , you too . " 187 . 187 . " " Northwest quadrant . 187 . " Oh , my ! I don 't believe it ! " Northwest quadrant . 187 . " What 's a 187 ? I don 't know . " Cryo-prison " " Level 6 " " Identify Code 187 . " " M-D-K " " MurderDeathKill " MurderDeathKill ! " Last recorded offense , September 25 , 2010 " " Initiate search , confirming location " " Cryo-prison , Level 6 " " Two code 187 's : Officer John D 'Argent , guard " " Officer Alfred Pamela , guard " " Tracking " " Live transmission diagnostic check , Warden William Smithers " " Injuries : Severe eye trauma , ruptured spleen ... " " ... punctured lung ... " " ... broken rib , internal bleeding " " Condition critical " " Vital signs failing " " Imminent death " " Subject deceased " " 187 , Warden William Smithers ... " " ... born February 14th , 1967 ... " " ... died August 4th , 2032 " - What 's the matter with all of you ? - The cryo-prison , sir . Three non-sanctioned life terminations . " Do you wish to assign a coroner ? " MurderDeathKills ! Three mdks ! Access for me the cryo-pen 's morning hearing schedule and display for me the list of people interviewed for parole . " Accessing cryo-prison processing . Restricted information " " Cocteau Cryo-prison , morning hearing schedule " " August 4th , active file " " 7 : 00 a.m. : Hyde , Quentin " " 8 : 15 : Peterson , Scott " " 7 : 30 : Phoenix , Simon " - It 's Phoenix ! " 7 : 45 ... . " - Who ? Simon Phoenix . " Phoenix , Simon " " Accessing ... " - I knew him . He 's evil in a way you 've never read about . He 's a criminal the likes of which you 've never seen . Hold that thought , Zachary Lamb . Simon Phoenix 's code , now . " Access code for Phoenix , Simon " " No code found " - L-7 , you 're not coming down with another virus , are you ? " Of course not " - You don 't get it , Lenina Huxley . Phoenix isn 't coded . He was chilled back in the 20th before they started lo-jacking everybody . Declared his own kingdom in South Central LA . In a bad time ... - ... he was the worst . - Emergency , code 187 . " Emergency , Code 187 . " " Locating stopped code " " MurderDeathKill . MurderDeathKill " " Location ... " " ... Cryo-prison , parking area . Cryo-prison , Level 6 ... . " No . " Main cryo-prison parking zone " " Enhancing image " " Tracking Dr. Mostow " - Oh , my . " 187 , deceased " " Do you wish to assign a coroner ? " Tell me , L-7 , is the doctor 's conveyance still in the parking zone ? " The answer is no . Car missing " " Doctor 's conveyance is not in parking zone . It is in motion " Locate precise code-fix on doctor 's conveyance . " Fixing location . Beverly Hills " " Robertson " " Doheny " - Yes . " Beverly Drive " " Doctor 's vehicle has been code-fixed ... " " ... approaching the corner of Wilshire and Santa Monica Boulevard " Glorious . Fine work . All nearby units , ProtectServe Wilshire and Santa Monica . - Unit 12 ProtectServe . - Apprehend fugitive . Proceed with extreme assertiveness . " Doctor 's vehicle has been code-fixed " " Approaching the corner of Wilshire and Santa Monica Boulevard " I don 't know . Lately I just don 't feel like there 's anything special about me . " You are an incredibly sensitive man ... " " ... who inspires joy-joy feelings in all those around you " - Get out of here ! - Excuse me , citizen . I 'm sorry . " Greetings , Citizen ! How are you feeling on this glorious day ? " " You look great today ! " I feel good too . " Angeles Information Network . Automated banking . City of San Angeles . " Damn , I 'm possessed . I wonder if I can play the accordion , too . " File code accepted " " Friendly , Edgar . Code level 60 " " Listed offenses : Civil unrest activity ... . " " Don 't you hear a thought repeating in that brain of yours ? " " The name Friendly , Edgar ? " " Edgar Friendly " " Don 't you have a job to do ? " " Don 't you have someone to kill ? " " Someone to kill . " " Someone to kill . " " ' Gun ' , noun . Portable firearm " " This device was widely utilized in the urban wars of the late 20th century " " Referred to as a ' pistol ' " Look , I don 't need a history lesson . Come on , pal . Where are the goddamn guns ? " You are fined one credit for a violation of the verbal-morality statute " What ? Fuck you . " Your repeated violation of the verbal-morality statute has caused me to notify the SAPD " " Please remain where you are for your reprimand " Yeah , right . The fuckers are fast , too . " You are fined one credit for violation of the verbal-morality statute " ProtectServe in place . Four minutes , fifteen seconds lapse . Maniac is imminent . Request advice . " With a firm tone of voice ... " " ... demand maniac lie down with hands behind back " Simon Phoenix ! Lie down with your hands behind your back ! What 's this ? Six of you . Such nice , tidy uniforms . Oh , I 'm so scared . What , you guys don 't have sarcasm anymore ? The maniac has responded with a scornful remark . " Approach and repeat ultimatum in an even firmer tone of voice " " Add the words : or else ! " Simon Phoenix ! Lie down on the ground or else ! " Anti-Graffiti Activation Program ... " " ... activated " " Aborted " " Human presence detected " " Safety override code accepted " Lucky number seven . We 're police officers ! We 're not trained to handle this kind of violence ! Hey , wait for me ! Stupid . " Simon says : Everybody sing ! " " And the home ... " " ... of the brave " " Play ball ! " We 've lost every camera for six blocks . Go to Century City , 1200 millimeters . He 's going for the vehicle 's battery coil . It 's pure capacitance gel . The problem is not the defacement of public buildings or the noise pollution caused by the exploding devices . Allow me to explain . The real problem lies in the man whose initials mark the detonating graffiti on the streets of our peaceful city . The man behind the " E.F. " Mr. Edgar Friendly . For a sadly extended period of time we in San Angeles have been plagued by a pack of subterranean hooligans . You will come to know them as " scraps " . Men and women who have left the comfort of our society only to spew hostility at the very bosom they have relinquished . There was a time when we used to look upon these scraps as rather pathetic and relatively harmless . Now they have a leader . Mr. Friendly seems relentless in his ambition to infect our harmony with his venom . He must , of course be stopped . This radical terrorist behavior , led by Mr. Friendly must not be allowed to undermine our safety . Safety Above All . I expect your trust , confidence and certitude . If you 'll excuse me . Dr. Cocteau a cryo-con has effected self-release from the penitentiary . It 's quite horrific . MurderDeathKills , all categories of chaos . Enhance your calm . Enhance your ... " Be well " them for me . Get me Captain George Earle immediately . It was just ... . And he was so ... . How can a man be so blatantly sadistic ? It was fun for him . I want you to do everything in your power to snare this agent of destruction . " You have my utmost confidence . " It will be done , Dr. Cocteau . " Be well . " " Utmost confidence " " Everything in our power " What else is there ? Zachary Lamb how was the fiendish Simon Phoenix apprehended back in the 20th ? Twelve-state manhunt . Satellite surveillance . A video bite on Unsolved Mysteries . None of them worked . In the end , it took just one man . One cop . John Spartan . John Spartan ? That 's right . They called him the " Demolition Man " . " Spartan file 98345 , LAPD " " Spartan file 98761C , LAPD " Are you sure this is real life ? Barely . Spartan 's a legend . I 've been doing a historical study . Over 1,000 arrests over three years . All authentic criminals . There was a lot more business back then . " How can you justify destroying a $ 7 million mini mall ... " " ... to rescue a girl whose ransom is only $ 25,000 ? " " Fuck you , lady . " " Good answer . " This is your recommendation ? The Demolition Man 's an animal . He 's clearly the man for a job such as this . You could reinstate him . He 's a muscle-bound grotesque who hasn 't worn a shield in 40 years . Simon Phoenix is an old-fashioned criminal . We need an old-fashioned cop . " Cryo-fac 312-618 is now ready for routine maintenance and inspection " " John Spartan , 5864 " " Pulmonary activity approaching normal " " Body temperature , 63 % and rising " " Biolink engaged " " Laser defibrillation sequence started " " Plasma transfer in 15 seconds " " Plasma transfer , 10 seconds ... " " ... 8 seconds ... " " ... 6 seconds ... . " " Plasma transfer complete " " MTL complete " Hunting down an escaped cryo-con by releasing another one ? I am unconvinced . This is within the powers of the police charter , sir . He can be released on limited parole and reinstated to active duty . It 's not enough to collect the ' 90s , you have to bring them back to life . Dr. Cocteau said everything within our power . I can 't think of a better idea . That doesn 't mean it 's a good one . This man comes from a dissimilar method of law enforcement . I 'm not sure he 's any different than Simon Phoenix himself . Detective ? Detective , I am Lieutenant Lenina Huxley . The year is 2032 . The reason you have been released is- - How long have I been under ? Thirty-six years . I had a wife . What happened to my wife ? Her light was extinguished in the Big One of 2010 . She died . In an earthquake . The earthquake . I had a daughter . I made a promise . What happened to her ? John Spartan . I am Chief of Police George Earle . We didn 't thaw you out for a family reunion . Consider it fortunate the lieutenant even bothered to do a probe on your wife . This is about you and the cryo-con Simon Phoenix . What ? Today Simon Phoenix escaped from this cryo-facility . We 've had 11 MurderDeathKills so far . You see , we 've become a society of peace-loving and understanding and we are , quite frankly , not equipped to deal with this situation . There 's been no deaths of unnatural causes in San Angeles for 16 years . Where ? The Santa Barbara , Los Angeles , San Diego Metroplex merged in 2011 . You are in the center of what used to be Los Angeles . That 's great . - You , get me a Marlboro . - Yes , of course . Right away . What 's a Marlboro ? It 's a cigarette . Any cigarette . Smoking is not good for you . And it 's been deemed that anything not good for you is bad . Hence , illegal . Alcohol , caffeine , contact sports , meat- - Are you shitting me ? " John Spartan , you are fined one credit for violation of the verbal-morality statute " What the hell is that ? " John Spartan , you are fined one credit ... . " - Bad language chocolate , gasoline , uneducational toys and anything spicy . Abortion is also illegal , but then again so is pregnancy if you don 't have a license . Caveman let 's finish with the Rip Van Winkle and get moving . Our Mr. Phoenix has risen from the ashes . I tracked that dirtbag for two years and when I finally bring him down you turn me into an ice cube for my trouble . Thanks , but no thanks . The conditions of your parole are full reinstatement into the SAPD and immediate assignment to the apprehension of Simon Phoenix . Or you can go back into cryo-stasis . Not many people get a second chance , John Spartan . Here you go . Any new inforama on Simon Phoenix ? There is nothing , Lenina Huxley . Where 's your John Spartan ? He went to the bathroom . I guess he got all thawed out . Sir , I formally convey my presence . How are you doing ? We 're not used to physical-contact greetings . Look , I don 't know if you guys know it but you 're you 're out of toilet paper . Did you say " toilet paper " ? They used handfuls of wadded paper back in the 20th . I 'm happy that you 're happy , but the place where you 're supposed to have the toilet paper you 've got this little shelf with three seashells on it . He doesn 't know how to use the three seashells . I can see how that 'd be confusing . I don 't believe it . Is that you , Spartan ? No . Zach ? Zach Lamb ? What happened to you ? I got older . My God , I remember when you were a snotnosed rookie pilot . They finally grounded me . Shit , you were a damn good flyer . " You 're fined two credits for violation of the verbal-morality statute " I 'll be right back . They seem to be friends , yet he speaks to him in the most profane manner . If you 'd read my study , you 'd know this is how insecure heterosexual males used to bond . I knew that . Thanks a lot you shit-brained , fuck-faced , ball-breaking , duck-fucking ... - ... pain in the ass . " You 're fined five credits ... " " ... for repeated violations of the verbal-morality statute " So much for the seashells . See you in a few minutes . " Voice check , Lenina Huxley " Unfortunately Simon Phoenix was not coded . While you were sleeping everyone in the city was installed a code . It was a brilliant idea by Dr. Cocteau . An organically bio-engineered microchip is sewn into the skin . Sensors all over the city can zero in on anyone at any time . I can 't even conceive a visual of what you police officers did before it was developed . We worked for a living . This fascist crap makes me want to puke . What do you think you 're scratching , caveman ? You really think we 'd let you go without control ? Your code was implanted the second you thawed . Why didn 't you just shove a leash up my ass ? You dirty meat-eater ! No matter how Viking your era was I cannot digest how you ever wore a badge ! You 're going back , John Spartan , oh yes , you 're going back ! Could you two please dump some hormones ? We need every cortex we can get in this situation . We don 't need the Neanderthal . Our computer has already examined every feasable scenario resulting from the appearance of Simon Phoenix . It 's determined he 'll attempt to set up a new drug lab and form a crime syndicate . " That is correct , Chief George Earle " Look , I hate to interrupt you two lovebirds but that 's really fucking stupid . You think he wants to start a business ? Phoenix is going for a gun . Plain and simple . Trust me . He 's going for a gun . Who cares what this primate thinks ? Resonate some understanding . The only place a person can even view a gun in this city is at a museum . " Welcome to the San Angeles Museum of History " " Beneath you will see an excavation ... " " ... of an actual 20th-century street scene ... " " ... in downtown Los Angeles , preserved since the earthquake of 2010 " " For specific information on objects featured in the exhibit ... . " " Firearms are displayed in the Armory ... " " ... located on Level A " " You are now entering the Hall of Violence ... " " ... a visual representation of the primitive behavior prevalent ... " " ... during the late 20th century " Home , sweet home . John Spartan , even if Simon Phoenix was able to locate the cache of firearms , it would it would be impossible for him to remove them . She 's right . They 're located in a maximum-security armory exhibit . It 's just a hunch , so trust me on this . It 's a cop thing . And what am I , a frog ? - Excuse me . - Yes ? - I 'll drive . - I see . " Resetting all bio-links for new driver " " Weight , height , peripheral vision set " " If you would like ... " " ... to commence transportation , John Spartan , initialize sequence now " You drive . " Welcome , Lieutenant Lenina Huxley " You seem very much alone , John Spartan , but things aren 't all that different . Perhaps you 'd like to hear an oldies station ? Oldies ? " Oh , what a relief it is " This is the most popular station in town . Wall-to-wall mini-tunes . You called them " commercials " . " Here 's that classic you 've all been waiting for . " " The number one request of the day : 'Armour Hot Dogs ' " Yes . " Kids eat Armour Hot Dogs ... " Oh , wow . This is my fave ! " Skinny kids , kids who climb on rocks ... " " Tall kids , sissy kids , even kids with ... " ... chicken pox love hot dogs " " Armour Hot Dogs " " The dogs kids love to bite . " Somebody put me back in the fridge . " You are now entering the Armory exhibit " " You will find displays in the cabinets and walls ... . So sorry . Didn 't see you there . Sweet baby . Oh , shit . This is what I 'm talking about . How do I get in here ? Hey , hey , do you got to wait that 15-day waitin ' period ? Or can I just , like , take one now ? Motherfucker . Oh , fuck it . Mellow greetings . What seems to be your boggle ? My " boggle " ? How much do you weigh ? Well , I happen to weigh- - " Please vacate the museum , patrons " " Be calm " " Please vacate ... " " ... the museum , patrons . Be calm " Wait a minute , this is the future . Where are all the phaser guns ? Mellow greetings , sir . What 's your boggle ? " Warning , please exit rapidly " " The magnetic accelerator gun , the last produced hand-held weapon ... " " ... of this millennium , displaced the flow of neutrons ... " " ... through a nonlinear cycloid electromagnetic accumulator " So , what ? It needs batteries ? What size ? Where the fuck do you find batteries in the future ? Is there a battery store around , motherfucker ? Excuse me , museum patron . Can I- - Where 's Radio Shack ? Sweet music to my ears . " ... activated , the magnetic accelerator gun will achieve fusion in 2.6 minutes " Yeah , well , I was thinking about leaving quickly . Patience is not one of my virtues . Did you see that ? What ? Never mind . I give up trying to figure this place out . Excuse me , Rambo . I need to borrow this . Access and correlate procedure . Establish communication with maniac intruder . Wrong . - Hey , Luke Skywalker . Use the Force . - Oh , dear . - What the hell is this ? - It 's a glow-rod . It 's what we got . Does it work ? Guess so . They have him trapped in Section 8 . I doubt it , Huxley . Make sure that building 's clear . Done . I want a visual , now ! Every corridor of the museum , I want full sensors routed to me . I want it 90 seconds ago . You guys wait here . Give me 10 minutes . " Museum patron , you are now confined to the Armory " " Museum patron , you are now confined to the Armory " " The Armory exhibit is now sealed " " All museum patrons still occupying the facility should remain calm " " Help is imminent " This museum is no longer sealed , is it ? What can I say ? I 'm a blast from the past . You should 've stayed there . That voice sounds familiar . Who is that ? Bad aim , Blondie . Spartan ? John Spartan ? Oh shit . They let anybody into this century ! What the hell are you doing here ? Simon says : Bleed ! Great . Just great . You 're making it too easy for me , Phoenix . Come on , you space-age piece of shit ! So , let me get this right . They defrosted you just so you could lasso my piddly ass ? Damn , you been had ! I been dreaming about killing you for 40 years . Well , keep dreaming ! " AcMag now re-activated " About time . Past is over , John ! Time for something new and improved ! Oh , hell . Holy Shit ! I love this gun ! Goddamn ! How you liking the future , John ? Come on ! Oh , I know that must have hurt ! Huh , Soldier Boy ? You 're on TV ! Shit ! You 're dead , Spartan ! Forgot to say : " Simon says " Oh , shit . Damn . It 's a brave new world . Sorry , you gotta go ! Shit ! Our noble facility has been desecrated by hooligans . Someone will pay dearly for this . Sir , the stress breeder is inside being demobilized as we speak . Shit . Being frozen must 've thrown my aim off . Don 't worry . I 'll get you with the next shot . I don 't think so . No kiss-kiss , no bang-bang . And you were doing so well . Now , don 't you have a job to do ? Isn 't there a thought repeating in that barbaric brain of yours ? The name Friendly . Mr. Edgar Friendly . Don 't you have someone to kill ? - Yeah , I do . - Excellent . Then go and do your job . Shit . Saved by the bell . Shit ! Damn ! You don 't know how lucky you are that maniac didn 't whack you . Well , I must say that " whacking " , whatever it is , sounds most disagreeable . Well , you scared him away . I don 't know how to thank you . You saved my life . No problem . Not bad for a 74-year-old . Simon Phoenix knows he has some competition . He 's finally matched his meat . You really licked his ass . That 's " met his match " and " kicked his ass " . " Met his match and kicked his ass . " Captain Earle ... . Who is this man ? Detective John Spartan , temporarily reinstated to the San Angeles Police Department to pursue the escaped cryo-con Simon Phoenix . You told us to do everything in our power to capture the madman . Yes , I did . I did . Yes , I do recall the exploits of Mr. John Spartan . Yes , of course . The Demolition Man . That 's quite all right . Unexpected . Creative . But quite all right . John Spartan , welcome . In honor of your arrival and your protection of the sanctity of human life namely my own I 'd like to invite you to join me for dinner tonight . Both of you . Please , I insist . I would like you to accompany me to Pizza Hut . Looking forward to it . Thanks . " Pizza Hut " ? So let me get this right : Spacely Sprockets here , who 's now the man in charge , the Mayor-Gov who wants to take me to Pizza Hut though Lord knows I wouldn 't mind a pizza is also one of the guys who built the goddamn cryo-prison ? " John Spartan , you are fined ... . " Dr. Cocteau is the most important man in San Angeles . He practically created our whole way of life savage . He can have it . Now , Phoenix could be anywhere but not being coded can hurt him and limit his options . That is correct . Money is outmoded . All transactions are through codes . All right , so actually he can 't buy food or a place to stay for the night . It 'd be a waste of time to mug somebody . Unless he rips off someone 's hand , let 's hope he doesn 't figure that one out . But with all officers already patrolling in a citywide crisis net it should be just a matter of tick-tocks before we actually- - More importantly . We already have a backup plan . We can just wait for another code to go red . And when Phoenix performs another MurderDeathKill we 'll know exactly where to pounce . Great plan . Thank you . I 've been an enthusiast of your escapades for quite some time now . I have , in fact , perused some visuals from the Schwarzenegger Library . That time you took that car ... Hold it . " The Schwarzenegger Library " ? Yes , the Schwarzenegger Presidential Library . Wasn 't he an actor , when you- - Stop ! He was President ? Yes . Even though he wasn 't born in this country , his popularity at the time caused the 61st Amendment , which states ... I don 't want to know . President ? What 's the hell is this ? No door ? No welcome mat ? What is this ? How do they expect you to kill somebody down here ? Shit , I love that smell . Reminds me of biscuits and gravy . All right . A job is a job . Edgar Friendly , whoever the fuck you are , prepare for Simon Phoenix . So , what 's with Cocteau guy anyway ? He says I saved his life , which I 'm not even sure I did . And my reward is dinner and dancing at Pizza Hut ? I mean , hey , I like a big , fat piece of pizza , but come on ... . Your tone is quasi-facetious , but you do not realise , that Pizza Hut was the only restaurant to survive the Franchise Wars . So ? So , now all restaurants are Pizza Hut . No way . Welcome to Pizza Hut . Enjoy your meal , sir . " Valley of the Jolly Green Giant " " Good things from the garden " " Garden in the valley " " Valley of the Jolly Green Giant " Here comes the Neanderthal . Mr. Spartan over there please , and Lieutenant ... . Thank you . How are you doing ? Enjoy-joy your meal , sir . Good thing I 'm hungry . Ladies and gentlemen , I 'm going to ask you to raise your glasses to the hero of the hour my savior Detective John Spartan . " John Spartan " Appreciate it . Greetings and salutations . I 'm Associate Bob . We met before , ever so briefly . I was groveling in fear at the time . You got the salt over there , Bob ? Salt is not good for you , hence , it is illegal . So , John Spartan , tell me what do you think of San Angeles , 2032 ? Well considering the way things were going when I went in , I thought the future would be a rotting cesspool . You weren 't here when the real disturbances began . Civilization tried to destroy itself . The city degenerated into a total fear zone . The citizenry cocooning in their homes , afraid to go out . People just wanted the madness over . When I saw the chance to make things right I seized it . If I had not , the radiance of San Angeles would not be here . Just your rotting cesspool of hate and suffering . Which would you prefer ? Maybe you can book me a flight out of here when the sermon 's over ? John Spartan for your crimes you would surely have died in jail before now . Even you must appreciate the persuasively tranquil humanity of the cryo-prison system ? I don 't want to spoil your dinner , pal , but my cryo-sentence was no sweet lullaby . I had feelings and I had thoughts . How about a 36-year nightmare about people caught in a burning building ? You were awake ? I don 't think so . I do think so . And my wife beating her fists against a block of ice that used to be her husband . Then you were nice enough to wake me up and let me know , everything that meant something in my life is gone . It would have been more humane to stake me down and leave me to the fucking crows . What would you say if I called you a brutish fossil symbolic of the decayed era gratefully forgotten ? I don 't know . " Thanks " ? I thought during rehabilitation the prisoners were not conscious . A person would go insane . The side-effects of the cryo-process are unavoidable . You were found guilty of criminal charges . You owed and still do owe a debt to society . So , there 's nothing I can do . Yeah , there is . Call for backup . I 'll be across the street . John Spartan , where ... Where are you going ? Bad guys about to do bad things . It 's just one of those hunches again . Go for the truck ! The food 's in the truck ! Grab the big box ! Come on , move ! Move ! You 're gonna regret this the rest of your life . Both seconds of it . Good night ! Get him ! What a fucking hero . Come on . Please , don 't . What the hell ? Such reckless abandonment . Looks like there is a new shepherd in town . That 's " sheriff . " Who were those guys ? They 're known as " scraps " . Outcasts and deserters who choose to live beneath us in sewers and abandoned tunnels . They 're a constant irritation to our harmony . They 're nothing but thugs and hooligans . A society of thieves . The last remaining criminal element in the city . But plans are in progress to purge this peril from our day . You 're even better live than on laser disk . And the joy-joy way you paused to make a glib witticism before doing battle with that strangely-weaponed Scrap- - Huxley , look ! This isn 't the Wild West , okay ? The Wild West wasn 't even the Wild West . Hurting people is not a good thing . Sometimes it is , but not when it 's a bunch of people looking for something to eat . San Angeles time is now 22 : 15 . Huxley coding off . Auto-drive . Auto-drive engaged . Look , I 'm sorry I yelled at you back there . No need to make a de-hurtful retraction . I just assimilated too much contraband . I fleshed you out as some blow-up-the-bad-guy-with-a happy-grin-he-man type . But now I realise that you 're the moody-troubled-past-gunslinger-who-will-only-draw-when-he-must type . Huxley , stop . What ? I 'm not any of that . I just do my job and things get- - Demolished . You know , I keep been looking around , and I think about my daughter growing up in a place like this . and I 'm afraid she 's gonna think I 'm some kind of primitive . I mean , as much as I want to see her , I almost don 't want to . Because I don 't think I 'm gonna fit into the picture very well . Not very well at all . It 'd be a minor misuse of police powers , but I ... - ... I could do a search for you . - No . Sorry . Oh , subject change . I got what you wanted . Oh , great . What do you need that for ? It 's just one of those cop hunches again . Lights . Nah , I 've changed that . Illuminate . Deluminate . Isn 't that nicer ? Go ahead , you try it . Illuminate . Raymond , Raymond , we got to talk . How did you get in ? Wish I knew . I got pass codes . Routes to secret underground kingdoms . Complete access to the industrial data-grid interface . I don 't even know what that shit means . But I 've been meaning to ask you about it , because I like it ! I like it a lot ! Your skills were given you for a reason . Not for your personal amusement . Your job is to kill Mr. Edgar Friendly and stop a revolution before it precipitates . That is why you were rehabilitated . All right . I 'm gonna do your little dastardly deed for you . But it 's gonna be a little bit more difficult than you thought . And I 'm going to need some help . I 'll need about five or six more " special " men . And I just so happen to have a list . You see , I wouldn 't want you to defrost any of those mad dog killer types , you know what I mean ? And none of those motherfuckers from New York . They 're too uptight . So you 're going to be the only mad dog killer type around ? Exactamundo . Fine . Take care of it . Just get it over with . You 're beginning to be more trouble than you 're worth . Oh , Raymond , don 't say that . And what do I get out of all this ? What do you want ? Malibu . Santa Monica . Hell , what about all the coastal cities ? Well , I 'll bear it in mind . - Good , I 'll send you a memo . - Just do your job ! What is John Spartan doing here ? Did you invite him to this little party of ours ? Look , you finish your business and I 'll stuff him back in the freezer . Think of him as a guarantee . " A guarantee " ? Well , you don 't have much of a guarantee . I took care of Spartan once , I 'll take care of him again . Now we need those men defrosted . So , this where you live , Huxley ? Very not bad . Thank you . So , where will I be staying ? Oh , I 've procured you a domicile down the corridor from my own . Everything is voice coded , so if you need something , just ask . Lights . What do you think ? Clicked off a lot of credits to create the perfect 20th-century apartment . It 's very ... . Isn 't it ? John Spartan ... . There 's , of course , a well-known and documented connection between sex and violence . Not so much a causal effect but a general state of neurological arousal . And after having observed your behavior this evening and my resultant condition I was wondering if you 'd like to have sex ? With you ? Um-hum ! Here ? Now ? Um-hum ! Oh , yeah . Great ! I 'll be right back . Love Boat ? There you go . Now , just relax . We 'll begin in a few seconds . Begin what ? Having sex , of course . What 's wrong ? You broke contact . " Contact " ? I didn 't even touch you yet . But I thought you wanted to make love . Is that what you call this ? Vir-sex has been proved to produce higher orders of alpha waves during digitised transference of sexual energies . All right Huxley , what do you say we do it the old-fashioned way ? Ugh , disgusting ! You mean ... - ... fluid transfer ? - No , I mean boning , the wild mambo , the hunka chunka . That is no longer done . The exchange of bodily fluids , do you know what that leads to ? Yes , I do . Kids , smoking , desire to raid the fridge . The rampant exchange of bodily fluids was one of the major reasons for the downfall of society . After AIDS , there was NRS , after NRS there was UBT . One of the first things that Dr. Cocteau was able to do was to outlaw and behaviorally engineer all fluid transfer out of socially acceptable behavior . Not even , not even a mouth transfer 's condoned . Kissing 's not allowed ? Ah . Damn , I was a good kisser . Ughh ! All right , what about kids ? - Procreation ? - Yeah . We go to a lab . Fluids are purified , screened and transferred by authorized medical personnel only . It is the only legal way . What 're you doing ? Breaking the law . You are a savage creature , John Spartan . And I wish you to leave my domicile , now ! Look , in ... . " Code accepted . Be well , John Spartan " Lights . " Oh , he doesn 't know how to use the three seashells . " Happy Halloween . " Behavioral engineering " ? " Hi , Martin , you know , I was thinking ... . Oh , my God , I 'm sorry , wrong number . " " Our noble facility has been desecrated by hooligans . " " Someone will pay dearly for this . " " Sir , the stress breeder is inside being demobilized . " " Shit ! Being frozen must 've thrown my aim off . Don 't worry . " " The next shot ... " " I don 't think so . " " No kiss-kiss , no bang-bang . " Detective . Listen , I 'm sorry about last night . Here , I made this for you . For me ? Yeah . Thank you . Oh , I 'll drive . I gotta learn to do this once in my life . Okay . Thank you for the lovely gift . Look , I don 't know what you guys put in my cryo-slush , but when I thawed out , the first thing I wanted to do was knit . I mean , how come I know what a zipperfoot , a shuttle and a hook and bobbin , a petitpoint is ? I could weave a throw rug now with my eyes closed . It 's part of your rehab program . For each inmate the computer draws up a skill or trade which best suits to their genetic disposition . It implants the knowledge and the desire to carry out whatever the training was assigned . I 'm a seamstress ? Oh , that 's just great . I come out of cryo-prison and I 'm Betsy-fucking-Ross . and Phoenix comes out , he can access computers , operate all vehicles knows the location of every damn thing in town and is three times stronger than he went in ? - Can you get me Phoenix 's rehab program now ? - Sure . - I 'm a seamstress . - Access code for Simon Phoenix . " Access Simon Phoenix . " " Accessing ... " " Access denied ! " - What ? " Security override " This can 't be right . " Access granted , Officer Huxley . " " Accessing Simon Phoenix , Deepfile Rehab 65-R . " " Urban Combatkill . " " Torture Methodology . Computer Override Authority . " " Survival Tactics " - There must be a mistake . " Terrorism Tactics . Weapons Training . Martial Arts . MurderDeathKill . " " Explosives Technician . Violent Behavior . " - This isn 't a proper rehabilitation program . - No kidding . This would create a monster . Who develops these programs ? Well , Cocteau Industries , of course . But why would the benevolent Dr. Cocteau send such a brute savage into our midst ? Well , that 's a good question . Why don 't we go ask him ? No , John Spartan . You do not accuse the savior of our city of being connected with a multi-MurderDeathKiller like Simon Phoenix . It 's rude . I 'll be subtle . I 'm good at subtle . " Mellow greetings " " We are happy to welcome you ... " " ... to the Cocteau Behavioral Engineering Complex " " Be well " Enhance your calm , John Spartan . " Mellow apologies for my lack of physical disposition , detective ... " " ... but I do have an entire city-gov to run . " Well , run this . You programmed Phoenix 's rehab to turn him into a terrorist . And I don 't think his escape was an accident , either . - Very subtle . - Thank you . Outside the museum , why didn 't he blow your brains out ? What did you say to him ? " I honestly don 't remember . Does it matter ? " Yeah , it matters . I saw the security disk . He had a full 10 seconds to figure out where to put the hole in your fucking head . " John Spartan , this display of barbaric behavior was unacceptable even in your time . " But it worked . When a man like Phoenix has a gun to your head , 10 seconds is 9 and a half seconds longer than you get . " Not everyone is as eager as you ... " " ... to resort to violence to solve all the difficulties in life . " " Even now , I begin to wonder if the chaos in the museum was the result of Mr. Phoenix 's presence or your own ? " Wonder about this shithead . If you think you got this maniac under control , trust me you don 't . Is there something specific you plan to do with that archaic device ? John Spartan . No , I didn 't think so . Detective , the only thing I haven 't got under control is you . But that can be solved . You , my Cro-Magnon friend , are dead . Your family 's dead your past is dead . Dead things cannot affect the living . So enjoy your moment of prehistoric bravado because after you leave here it will be over . Like everything else in your life . Officer , return this man to cryo-stasis immediately . Be well . Be fucked . " You are fined one credit- - " Greetings , Citizen . How are you on this glorious day ? I 'll wait here . Let 's go . - Oh , I don 't know . - Look , I do know . Now , turn that thing on . I hope you know what you 're doing . But you 're asking me to disobey a direct order . I 'm to escort you to the cryo-prison . Look , you do what you gotta do , I know what I gotta do . I gotta nail that maniac and put him on ice or that 's where I 'm gonna be . - Enhance your calm , John Spartan . - Look , I 've had it with enhancing my calm . I 'm gonna find that psycho Phoenix and enhance his calm . And when I 'm done , I 'm gonna turn all my attention to that Cocteau . Now , you don 't have to come with me . I can do this alone , okay ? Even if Simon Phoenix was programmed to escape , extinguish life and steal contraband weapons why are you proceeding into the depths of wasteland ? The reason your city-wide manhunt didn 't work was because Phoenix was in the one place a ) you can 't monitor b ) are afraid to go and c ) don 't give a shit about . Now , I want to go down there , I want to find Phoenix and I 'm gonna put him in a hurt locker . So , you want to come with me ? Or you want to arrest me , huh ? Okay . I 'm with you . Let 's go blow this guy . Away . Blow this guy away . Whatever . She 's got a way with words . Ugh ! Ugh ! What 's wrong , Huxley ? It 's not very clean . A real garden spot . All right , which way Garcia ? Over there . All right , guys , be ready for anything . " My dog 's better than your dog " " My dog 's better than yours " " My dog 's better ' cause he gets Kennel-Ration . My dog 's ... " I 'm sorry , when I 'm nervous , I ... . Sorry . Over here . - Ooh ! - Eew ! Oh , what 's that emanation ? Oh , yeah . Oh , yeah ! Come on , guys . No , hey , just relax . All I want is a burger and a beer , if you got one . How am I gonna pay ? - Huxley , it 's better to give . - Ow ! Ah ! You wanna a slug ? Oh , no , thank you . I think I 'm gonna be sick . Oh , God . This is fantastic . You guys gotta try one . Just don 't ask where the meat comes from . Huxley , what 's that supposed to mean ? Do you see any cows around here , detective ? Rat ? This is a rat burger ? Not bad . As a matter of fact , it 's the best burger I 've had in years . See you later . They don 't seem very hostile , John Spartan . No , they don 't . Now that 's a thing of beauty . Huxley , do you know what this is ? A 1970 Oldsmobile 442 . With a 455-cubic-inch engine . Radial tires and bucket seats . I 'm impressed . I studied . So did I. Hand over the glow-rod . Your friends , too . Come on , move ! Ow ! Ow ! You got ball-balls cop , coming down here after the show you put on . We 're looking for a MurderDeathKiller . Can you help us or just bully us with your primitive weapons ? Well , maybe they 're not so primitive . So , you think you 're taking me in , huh ? Guess what ? Not happening . You tell Cocteau he can kiss my ass . Yeah , that 's right . You tell Cocteau , it 's gonna take an army of assholes to get rid of me ' cause I don 't give a shit . I got nothing to lose . I don 't wanna rain on your parade , pal , but I don 't know who the hell you are , let alone want to take you anywhere . So stay here , be well and Cocteau 's an asshole ! Let 's take them and dump them up top . They 're only down here to spy on us . Wait a minute . You 're the guy outside Pizza Hut . Yeah . What do you want ? I guess , you weren 't part of the Cocteau plan . Greed , deception , abuse of power . That 's no plan . - That 's why everybody 's down here ? - You got that right . See ... . ... according to Cocteau 's plan I 'm an enemy because I like to think . I like to read . I 'm into freedom of speech and freedom of choice . I 'm the kind of guy who likes to sit in a greasy spoon and wonder , " Gee , should I have the T-Bone steak or the jumbo rack of barbecued ribs with a side order of gravy fries ? " I want high cholesterol . I want to eat bacon , and butter and buckets of cheese , okay ? I want to smoke a Cuban cigar the size of Cincinnati in the non-smoking section . I want to run through the streets naked with green Jell-o all over my body reading Playboy magazine . Why ? Because I suddenly might feel the need to , okay pal ? I 've seen the future . You know what it is ? It 's a 47-year-old virgin sitting around his beige pijamas drinking a banana-broccoli shake and singing " I 'm an Oscar Meyer Wiener " . Live up top , you live Cocteau 's way . What he wants , when he wants , how he wants . Your other choice : Come down here . Maybe starve to death . All right , why don 't you take charge and lead these people out of here ? I 'm no leader . I do what I have to do . Sometimes people come with me . All I want to do is bury Cocteau up to his neck in shit and let him think happy-happy thoughts forever . Then I got bad news . I think he wants to kill you . All right gentlemen , let 's review . The year is 2032 . That 's 2-0-3-2 . As in the 21st century . And I 'm sorry to say that the world has become a pussy-whipped Brady Bunch version of itself , run by a bunch of robed sissies . All we have to do to run the whole thing is to kill a man named Friendly , who put it all together . Ah , but there 's an extra added bonus . We get to kill the man who put most of us behind the freezer . You mean we get to kill John Spartan ? Exactly . I want you to loot , pillage , plunder , I want you to steal . I want you to do all the wonderful things that we used to do before any of this happened . This world will be ours ! Let 's bring back the good old days ! Are you with me ? Are you with me ? Let 's do it ! It is a curious conclusion which you have deduced , John Spartan . But I can find no fault in your logic . Simon Phoenix is the perfect weapon to send out into the savage outer regions in which we stand . I 'm impressed , John Spartan . You mean they thawed this guy out just to kill me ? - I 'm flattered . - Don 't be flattered . Be frightened . This guy 's a certifiable nightmare . - And that 's why you 're down here ? - Yeah . I must have done something right in the previous life . Can 't imagine what that could have been . Two for the price of one . Let 's take them boys . Stay down ! I 'll be goddamned . Like a New York cockroach . Everything 's gone wrong . Phoenix ! There 's an elevator shaft on top of this place . Does that mean we 're going up ? Momentito , Senorita Huxley . Come on . How nice ! Must 've been expecting me . Okay , now what ? Buckle up . There he is ! He 's in my car ! Goddamn it . What 's happening to cops today ? Don 't you know you are endangering the lives of civilians ? Auto-inflate ! " Auto-inflate " Damn ! Oh , that 's just lovely . Huxley , drive ! Okay , okay . I 've read all about this , now ... okay . What do I do ? I just , I just push this pedal ? Whoa ! Okay , okay . I got it , I got it . Punch it , Huxley ! Excuse me ? Push the pedal as hard as you can ! Just catch up to him . Shit ! No free rides ! Emergency , doors open . " Doors opening " Say hello to my old friend . Doors close ! " Malfunction " Computer , auto-drive . " Auto-drive engaged " Going to give you a haircut ! Remember those 40 bus passengers that you blew apart trying to catch me ? They were already dead . Cold as Haagen-Dazs ! Man , I went to jail with a 36-year smile . You 're dead , Spartan . Speak for yourself . Self-drive ! " Unable to execute " - Self-drive , now ! " Malfunction " " Unable to execute " Emergency ! Brake ! " Self-drive engaged " Brake ! Brake ! Brake now , you Mickey Mouse piece of shit ! John Spartan ? John Spartan , are you in there ? John Spartan ? Who do you think it is , Huxley ? I thought your life force had been prematurely terminated ! Yeah , I thought I was history too . What the hell happened ? All the sudden , this car turned into a cannoli . It 's secur-a-foam . It saved your life . Look at you , you 're in shambles . Don 't worry , I can fix it later . All I need is a needle and thread . I really didn 't say that , did I ? Damn ! John Spartan , you ... You caveman , you 're under arrest ! You 're to be returned to the cryo-prison . Immediately ! I heard all about that . We 'll talk later , Chief . Right now , I need something , anything . A shotgun , a flare gun . - Spartan . - What ? Shit ! Defensive red alert ! Stun batons on . Relax . Well , look at you , you get a bump on the noggin and you think you 're Pancho Villa ? Who ? Never mind . Time to take a stand , pal . Well , good . While you 're doing it , loan me a gun . Loan me two guns . You 'd use these weapons of mass destruction against men and women who uphold the law ? We use these weapons to shop for groceries , dick . Spartan , wait ! You can 't leave . You 're under arrest . This very concept negates the possibility of your leaving . Skip it , Chief . Lieutenant Huxley ! Chief you can take this job and you can shovel it . Hmm ? " Take this job ... " ... and shovel it . " - Yeah ? Close enough . I hadn 't counted on this but I must say , you worked out beautifully . People are terrified of you . What 's new ? People have always been terrified of me . Yes , but this time they 're really intimidated . Now I 'll have carte blanche to create the perfect society . My society . San Angeles will be a beacon of order with the purity of an ant colony . And the beauty of a flawless pearl . Look , you can 't take away people 's right to be assholes . That 's who you remind me of an evil Mr. Rogers . Will you please kill him ? He 's pissing me off . Put another log on the fire ! I 'll love running this place ! Well , now what shall I do with you . Huh , Bobby ? I am an excellent associate , sir . I 'd be delighted to continue my services during your administration . Huh , Danzig , maybe we 'll use him- - Excuse me , the police are here . Oh , man ! Where the fuck do you think ... Ow ! I 'm impressed . That man has died by my hands . It was either him or us , Huxley . Yeah , there is that . Anyway , where the hell did you learn to kick like that ? Jackie Chan movies . Looks like the Cocteau plan just went up in smoke . Rest in peace , Raymond Cocteau . Oh , John Spartan , civilization as we know it will come to an end . What will we do ? I don 't know , but trust me , this is better for you . What 's that ? Oh , this is bad . This is very bad . He 's accessed the cryo-prison and is about to defrost the entire multi-lifer wing . Most of them don 't like you . Most of these guys don 't even like their own mothers . They 're bad boys , Huxley . How many are there ? Eighty . All without rehab . They 'll be re-animated within the hour . Oh , we gotta stop this . I 'm not at all pleased about having caused the fatality of that deranged cryo-convict . I now understand that under certain circumstances that violence is necessary . Good . I hope you understand this . I hope my butt didn 't look like that . Okay , who do we have left that 's good , huh ? Let 's see Foulks , Patrick . Jeffrey Dahmer ? I love that guy . Look , we gotta get him . How long before the rest are done ? They 're in the final stages of reanimation , sir . Great . Absolutely great . Gentlemen ! Thank you very much , but your services will no longer be required . Send a maniac to catch a maniac . " Attention " " Attention " " Cryo-prisoner defrosting re-animation sequence ... " " ... now entering final stage " " Countdown to reanimation of prisoner batches ... " " ... 290 , 310 , 480 ... " " ... and 570 " " Ten minutes " - That 's it . The very last one . - Excellent . " Accessed " What the hell is that ? Didn 't expect that one , did you ? Where the fuck you going ? I wish you the best of luck , sir . Stupid . Spartan , how 's it hanging , huh ? I 'm sure you 're familiar with the long arm of the law . Oh , come on Spartan , won 't you struggle a little bit ? Make me work for it , huh ? What do you say ? How about a little target practice . What do you say ? Oops , didn 't hurt your head ? Shit ! Goddamn ! Fuck ! That 's it , Spartan ! You 're not getting out of this one ! I could drop you in that vat of defrost , over there and fry your ass like a chicken or with my little pinky , drop your monkey ass down- - I 'll be goddamned . Shit ! Goddamn ! What am I doing wrong ? " Cryo-prisoner re-animation ... " " ... sequence now entering final stage " " Is it cold in here , or is it just me ? " Good memory . Come here ! Shit ! I hate cops ! Look into my eyes , John . I 'll see you in hell . Not . This is the best day of my life . Heads up ! You 've apprehended the villain responsible for murdering our beloved Dr. Raymond Cocteau ? Well , I wouldn 't exactly say " apprehend " . Let 's just say he 's history . And the cryo-prison that 's history , too . What 'll we do ? How will we live ? I 'll tell you what we 're gonna do . We 'll go out drinking , all of us , get shit-faced and paint the town , literally . Put up graffiti , slogans , it 'll be a blast . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! I 'm gonna tell you what you 're gonna do . Why don 't you get a little dirty you , a lot clean . And somewhere in the middle ... . I don 't know , you 'll figure it out . Fucking-A ! Well put . Mister Friendly . Mister Friendly ? Greetings and salutations , Edgar Friendly . I 'm Associate Bob . And may I say it 'll be a great pleasure to assist you creating a more humane- - Bob , Bob . - Let 's talk about the hair , okay ? - Hair ? - Pick a color , right ? And lose the kimono . You look like a couch . - Couch ? What are you , a surgeon with these gloves ? Thank you for rendering me unconscious . Huxley , I did it for your own good . - We 're supposed to be a team . - We are . Oh , my . Are all fluid transfer activities like this ? - Better . - Better ? Oh , my . I think I 'll like the future . Now that you 've demolished everything . - But there 's just one thing I want to know . - Hmm ? How 's that damn three seashell thing work ?
