 Inui ! Put on your helmet ! Inui ! This is a warning to the soldiers who are trapped inside ! You have been relieved of duty . You are not authorized to carry or use any weapons . Disarm and surrender immediately ! I repeat ! Disarm and surrender immediately ! First , Second and Third platoon : Assemble at the Central Hall with 202 gear suits immediately ! To all platoon commanders ! Release the radio blockade immediately once the battle commences . Report the operational range of your division radio . From headquarters to all supporting units ! You will be relieved of all your duties as of 0200 . Prepare arms and stand by for orders from your division commanders . Prepare arms and stand by for orders from your division commanders . How many days have gone by already ? Probably three days , maybe three weeks ... Hasn 't it been three years already ? Koichi Todome , Midori Washio , and Soichiroh Tobe of first platoon party must report to headquarters immediately ! I repeat . Koichi Todome , Midori Washio , Soichiroh Tobe must report to headquarters immediately ! It was the time when dogs were swept away from the street , and people started to seek their own prosperity . But anyone that went against the social stream were oppressed and forgotten by society . The riots were over and became just a part of history . The government officials had completely oppressed and annihilated the opposition . However , this lead to another battle against the elite security unit that is known as " Kerberos , " who refused the order from their officials to disband . It created a symbolic figure at the end of this age . It was a rebellion of watchdogs who had lost their masters . Koichi Todome , Midori Washio , and Soichiroh Tobe of first platoon must report to headquarters immediately ! I repeat ! First platoon members : Koichi Todome Midori Washio , and Soichiroh Tobe report to headquarters immediately ! Where are you going ? Why are you running away ? " Don 't stop fighting ! " You gave me that order ! Are you Japanese ? What do I look like ? I 'm Hayashi of the Fugitive Support Group . It took a while to confirm your identity at headquarters . As you know , it has been three years since your group was destroyed . These days , most people don 't even remember the incident anymore . Excuse me , can I get chow-mein ? Three years ago is just like the day before yesterday . You must be joking . You left Japan while on parole . That 's a very serious action . I 'll tell you about Koichi Todome , who you requested us to investigate . After he escaped from Japan , he drifted from South America to Central America ... and finally arrived in this country at the end of last year . However , he became involved with a local criminal organization and was taken off of our list . I guess he needed big money . It 's not so uncommon for a refugee . You must already know but supporters of our organization hate this type of trouble . Usually , we 're not supposed to give out this kind of information . I don 't know about her background . Her name is Tang Mie . How the mighty have fallen . I can 't believe that he was once the leader of " Kerberos " which terrified an entire metropolis . He escaped from his country with determination to continue the battle and rebuild his organization , but after all he set out to do ... Who is it ? Are you looking for Koichi ? Did you come from Japan to find him ? He left here three months ago , and hasn 't been back since . Left ? He took his precious suitcase and was gone . He left here before and I had to go bring him back every time . But this time it seems he 's gone really far away . He 's still sending me money once a month from Tainan . I didn 't know you had that much money . I sold the condo . Sold ? I was planning to hire a private detective to find him . I 'm glad you came . You can save me some time . I 'm not a private detective . Then there 's no charge for this . Of course , I 'm going to pay all the expenses . I don 't know what I 'm gonna do to him if I find him first . Are you going to kill Koichi ? I don 't know . No , you won 't ! Why ? You don 't look like a bad guy . How do you know that ? Oh , so you 're saying you are a bad guy ? I don 't really know . You don 't know anything . I knew that from the moment I saw you . I heard that you were dumped by someone before . What are we going to do now ? Inui ! Why did you come to a place like this ? I had no other place to be . I smelled my comrade and came to this crowd . But it seems like there 's no place for me to stay here . I 'm still a human inside , even if I was trained to be a dog . Why are you here ? Me ? I have a purpose . A purpose ? I 'll tell you sometime . Do you like to take orders ? Who knows ? I like it . However ... I want to choose my own master . Master ? That which I want to be faithful to . Like a nation or a thought . There are a lot of those things to choose from but what 's best for me is most important . The only thing we can do is to choose . I wish we both could find masters who we won 't regret . They are stray dogs . Someone might have dumped them , or they got lost . There are so many of them around here . They co-exist with humans , but from a careful distance . But they 'll never open themselves to humans . They hold a strong grudge against the humans who dumped them but they also miss the smell of their masters so much . They are eternally ambivalent . But they 're animals no matter what . They will never know the reason why their master had to dump them . What are you talking about ? I 'm going to talk about an impressive but tragic story about a dog who is looking for his master and his future . He looked around for the master he imagined running continuously on his bloody feet . Finally , this faithful dog even climbed over the Rocky Mountains . But , after he met the master who he had been dreaming of what was really waiting for him ? There is a proper reason why people dump their dogs . You can even call it a historical necessity . No matter how unreasonable it may sound the dog has to pay for any misfortune on his own even if he couldn 't understand the reason why . That 's the only lesson and the saddest lesson that humans and dogs have to learn . Why don 't you use your brain a little more ? Lassie ! Lassie ! Hang on Lassie ! Mistuwa ! Mitsuwa ! Lassie of Mitsuwa ! Hey ! Inui ! Come here . Inui ! Come on , let 's go ! Excuse me ... Koichi ! Hey ! Coward ! Shut up ! Sex maniac ! Lolita complex ! Let go of me ! You did a great job of finding me . You got out of jail amazingly quick . I was given a separate trial and was a well-behaved model prisoner . After I was paroled , I forged a passport and flew here . It was just because ... You had something to tell me . I just wanted to ask you what should I do from now on ? I don 't have any right to give you a command now . Why don 't you live here for a while ? This is a really nice place . This place has good weather and delicious fish to eat . Besides , I have money from the condo that Tang Mie sold . But ... She 's ... That 's why we should all live together . Right ? Hey Inui ! Isn 't this place large enough ? Three people can easily live here together if we fix it up a little bit . Now let 's talk about the rent ! You two look pretty strong , so if you both work hard I 'll give you a raise . Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! You pulled up your ass too high ! Drop your ass ! You idiot ! Come on ! Hurry up ! Hey , what are you doing ? ! Do it quickly ! Don 't open your arms so wide ! Close your arms ! Come on ! What the hell are you doing ? ! Damn it ! You 'll never finish this until the sun goes down ! Hey ! Are you playing with yourself ? Idiot ! You 're ten years early ! It 's ten years before you can do that ! What are you doing ? ! The eyeballs are the most delicious part ! The eyeballs ! I didn 't know she was that scary . You picked up quite a girl . You still don 't get it ? I 'm not the one who picked her up . She 's the one who picked you and me up . I wonder ... You still haven 't ... with her ? What the hell is so funny ? ! Shut the fuck up ! Inui ! Inui ! Hello ! This is Hayashi . You look angry . Although he is out of our support group we still have taken an interest in Koichi Todome . He 's just like a bomb to us . If he attracts attention from officials our organization , which is supporting many other exiles would be in extreme jeopardy . And , that might become a reality . People might have forgotten about it , but they haven 't . Especially , the officials obsessed with the riot but gave you parole after only three years . Isn 't it strange they overlooked your departure ? Didn 't you think it was suspicious ? Dogs can overcome any kind of difficulties to go back to their masters . It 's an unfortunate fatal habit for them . Please tell him . If he surrenders without resistance , we 'll leave you and her alone . I made a deal with the officials . With the condition that you guys never go back to Japan . They can 't act too wild in this country . I think it is a fair deal . I 'll be waiting at the hotel on the National Route , 5 kilometers north . You have until sunset . Mr. Hayashi , is that your name ? Escaped from the group and went into the crowd . Met a woman and rented a house . Ate dinner every night there . And ended up escaping from that place again . What the hell were those three years supposed to be for ? You mean to him ? To me ! The time when you guys can eat at a roadside stand has ended . The time when dogs disappear from the street will come soon to this country . Even if your memory of the time you were a dog fills your heart with excitement humans have to live only as a humans . That 's all . Where the hell are you going with it ? Inui ! Don 't give me orders ! If you can do that now why didn 't you do it back then ? If you had I wouldn 't have had to look for you . I wouldn 't have met Tang Mie either . Inui ! What is it ? You 're stepping in dog shit . Inui ! What the hell are you trying to do ? Even if you sweep them away the next group of people will come back . And the same thing will repeat , again and again . The wonderful love story between a dog and his master has already ended . No , you have forced it to end . It took three years for him and me to end it . Yes ... Who is your master ? ! Summer , 1991 . Koichi Todome went back to Japan .
