 ( sailors shout in Russian ) Argh ! X-Files Season 2 Episode 02 - Host Dave can set it up , but the cost sounds a bit rich . If he 's putting it together , you 'd be a fool to pass it up . I hear you . I just ... You just what ? You wanna take a dip , you gotta test the water . - You just don 't wanna get wet . - No , man . Dippage is sacred . Dippage is sacred . - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah . You 're relieved from your assignment . Agent Bozoff will take over . You 've got a flight to catch in 45 minutes . - Where am I going ? - Murder case . Newark , New Jersey . Treat yourself . Your contact in Newark is a Detective Norman . - How 'd I draw the assignment ? - Assistant Director Skinner requested you . Skinner requested me ? ! - Mulder , FBI . - My forensics team 's just wrapping up . We left the body where we found it . Kenny ! This is one case I 'm gonna be happy to turn over to you guys . Watch yourself . Yeah . Wouldn 't wanna step in anything . They say it cuts the smell if you don 't breathe through your mouth . They lied . - Who found the body ? - Sanitation worker . Looks like it 's been here a while . - Any ID ? - No . Not much to go on , either . Front side is pretty much eaten away . - Would you like us to turn him over ? - No , I 'll take your word on that . Hey , Agent Mulder ! What should we do with the body ? Wrap it up and send it to the FBI , care of Assistant Director Skinner ! - Yes , sir . - Thank you . I need to speak to him . Mr Skinner is unavailable . If you 'd take a seat ... Will you tell him that I 'm here and I need to speak to him ... now ? Certainly . Mr Skinner , I 'm very sorry to interrupt , but Agent Mulder is demanding to see you . - Is there a problem , Agent Mulder ? - Yeah , there is . Then make an appointment . That 's hard when you 're up to your ass in raw sewage on another meaningless assignment . - Excuse me ? - What 's next ? Scrubbing bathroom floors ? - You 're out of line , Agent Mulder . - So I gathered . Fine . Come into my office , Agent Mulder . Please . Would you inform the room as to why you regard your case in New Jersey as meaningless ? It 's a simple drugland body dump not the type of case the FBI wastes time or manpower on . Given your recent history , you 're not one to judge what is or is not a waste of time . - Sir , my work on the X-Files ... - The X-Files have been closed , Agent Mulder . You will carry out new assignments and investigate them to the best of your ability . Is that not clear ? Yeah . And I 'll be anticipating your field reports on your current homicide case . Thank you . Is this seat taken ? No . But I should warn you , I 'm experiencing violent impulses . Well , I 'm armed , so I 'll take my chances . I hear you really endeared yourself to Assistant Director Skinner today . Sometimes it 's hard to smile when they ask you to bend down and grab your ankles . It 's not as if you 've ever tried to fit into the programme . No . No , I 've been thinking a lot about that lately . - I 've been thinking about leaving . - The Bureau ? What would you do ? Pursue my work in the paranormal , somehow . You could request a transfer to Quantico . Come back to the behavioural science unit . They don 't want us working together , Scully . And that 's the only reason I can think of to stay . What about this case you 're working on ? - It 's a zero . - Where 's the body ? In our forensics lab . Look , I know what you 're trying to do . Maybe I can request to do the autopsy . It 's an exercise . Skinner is just rubbing my nose in this one . There 's nothing to it . There 's a dead body , isn 't there ? Oh ! Examination and autopsy of John Doe number 1-0-1-3-5-6 . Case number DP1-1-2-1-4-8 . Special Agent Fox Mulder , field investigator . Body is an adult male with advanced tissue decomposition weighing 165 pounds in extremis 69 inches in length . Intact skin is mottled and discoloured due to submergence in and exposure to a highly bacterial environment . Cause and time of death unknown . Possible identifying mark on right forearm . Body cavities appear normal . Interior organs intact consistent in rate of decomposition . Removing the ribcage . Condition of heart and lungs are good . No sign of thrombi , natural or degenerate diseases . Indicate victim was probably a young adult . The liver shows some nodular hardening consistent with incipient alcoholism . Oh , God ! - It 's on the way ! - Got it ! OK . Need a big piece of 30-gauge and some baling wire . I gotta go back up top for the screen . Frank ! Help ! Frank ! Frank ! Frank ! Frank ! Hurry ! Hold on ! - Frank ! - Come on ! Frank ! Hold on till I tie the line ! Hold on ! Pull up , come on ! Come on ! Come on ! Pull up ! My God ! I 'm gonna get help ! I 'm gonna give you a tetanus booster , just as a precaution . I 'd be happy if you just give me something to get this taste out of my mouth . Let me take a look . Ah . - Any trouble swallowing ? - Uh-uh . It 'll go away . - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah . Newark PD referred me to you . I 'm surprised the FBI is involved . - Is there something here I should know ? - I don 't know . Maybe you can tell me . He 's a sanitation worker . He claims he was attacked by something down in the sewer . - Attacked ? By what ? - We 've been unable to determine . I thought it was a bogus disability claim , but he appears to be telling the truth . - What 's his condition ? - He 's in satisfactory health . I 've given him a heavy course of antibiotics , and we 're checking for hepatitis . He does have a strange wound on his back . - What kind of wound ? - It could be some kind of bacterial infection . Frankly , I can 't say I 've ever seen anything like it . - This is Agent Mulder of the FBI . - Any idea what attacked you ? - I 've been thinking it might 've been a python . - A python ? Or a boa constrictor . Somebody probably flushed their pet snake down the toilet . We found an alligator in the sewer a couple of years ago . Stronger than hell , I 'll tell you that . Clamped onto me like a vice . It almost looks like a bite . Excuse me . - Mulder . - Mulder , it 's me . I need to see you . I 've got something you should know about . - What is it ? - Some kind of parasite in your John Doe . I should know more by the time you get here . I 'm in Jersey . I should be taking the shuttle in about an hour . Can I get outta here ? I 'd like to go home . Excuse me . - Scully , this is a bad time for me to talk . - Mr Mulder ? Yeah ? I think you should know ... you have a friend at the FBI . Who is this ? Agent Mulder ? If you don 't have any more questions , I 'm gonna release this man . OK . Go ahead . Close the door . It 's called Turbellaria , commonly known as a fluke , or flatworm . This was living inside the body ? It had attached itself to the bile duct and was feeding off the liver . Lovely ! Believe it or not , some 40 million people are infected worldwide . This isn 't where you tell me some terrible story about sushi , is it ? Maybe you 'd rather hear what you can catch from a nice rare steak . So , what ? The murder weapon was a top sirloin ? Flukes are endemic in unsanitary conditions . It 's more likely that the victim contracted it down inside the sewer . - Before or after he died ? - I don 't know . My sources say it 's unlikely a single parasite could have killed him . He was a young man . But the weird thing is , there 's no other discernible cause of death . How do these parasites attach themselves ? They have what 's called a scolex , a sucker-like mouth with four hooking spikes . - Anything like this ? - Where 'd you get that ? Something attacked a workman in a New Jersey sewer this morning . - And you 're asking me if this is from a fluke ? - Could it be ? The scolex is a tiny organ . This is a huge bite mark . - How big can these things get ? - Mulder , I ... I 'm sorry . It felt like old times there for a second . Flatworms are what are known as obligate endoparasites . They live inside of the host entering the body through the ingestion of larvae or eggs . They are not creatures that go around attacking people . That 's good . I didn 't wanna tell Skinner his murder suspect was a giant bloodsucking worm . No . Well , at the very least , this 'll be interesting to the Newark Department of Sanitation . Look , I don 't know who you shared our conversation with the other night , but I 'd prefer it if you didn 't try to launch a campaign for me . - Excuse me ? - I don 't know who you talked to . - I didn 't talk to anybody . - Somebody told me I had a friend at the FBI . Look , Mulder , I ... I don 't know what to say . But I ... I wouldn 't betray a confidence . The city runs on different systems some new , some built at the turn of the century . - Almost as old as Charlie . Right , Charlie ? - Oh , yes , sir . - What part of the sewer was I in ? - An older section . Big eight-foot tunnels . It looked more like a catacomb than a sewer line . The new sections are concrete pipe , mostly 24 inches . And all the sewage comes through this plant ? 560,000 people a day call my office on the porcelain telephone . Have you ever seen one of these ? It looks like a big old worm . It 's called a fluke . It came from the body in the sewer . Wouldn 't surprise me . No telling what 's been breeding down there in the last 100 years . Ray here . Charlie , slow down . I 'm backflushing the system . It 's in there . - What is it ? - I don 't know . It just swam right past me . There it is . Turbellarian flatworms are carnivorous scavengers , less than 3cm in length found in fresh and sea water . They are hermaphroditic with complex reproductive systems , capable of internal fertilisation . Many species require more than one host to complete a life cycle . Although the wound on the sanitation worker suggests scolex attachment the sheer size of the wound precludes involvement of the common fluke worm . - Scully . - Scully , it 's me . - You know that fluke you caught ? - Yeah . It must 've been the runt of the litter . I don 't see it . There it is . Tucked away in the far corner behind the pipes . - Oh , my God . - I don 't know if you can see but it has no sex organs . It 's genderless . Platyhelminthes are often hermaphroditic . Mulder , this is amazing ! Its vestigial features seem parasitic , but it has primate physiology . - Where did it come from ? - I don 't know . But I 'll have to tell Skinner that his suspect is a giant bloodsucking worm after all . All we 're missing is the identity of the body in the sewer . He was a Russian . An engineer on a cargo freighter . He had a tattoo on his forearm . I didn 't make the connection until I detected that that was the name Dmitri , spelled in Cyrillic lettering . How did you make the connection at all ? Somebody shoved this under my door . I guess you really do have a friend in the FBI . And , Mulder when you see Skinner to hand in your field report I know that it 's your decision , but I hope that you know that I 'd consider it more than a professional loss if you decided to leave . Everything looks in order . Is something wrong , Agent Mulder ? That 's an unexpected response , considering the bizarre nature of the case . And of the suspect . The strangeness of the criminal and the crime are not lost on me . I had my reaction to them in a conversation about how to process the suspect . This meeting is to evaluate your work . There 's no way you 'll prosecute this . The Justice Department wants the suspect transferred to a psychiatric institution . This is not a man , it 's a monster ! You can 't put it in an institution . What do you do with it , Agent Mulder ? Put it in a zoo ? It killed two people . Two ? The sanitation worker who was attacked was found dead at home as a result of his injuries . You know , you had a pair of agents that could 've handled a case like this . Agent Scully and I might 've been able to save his life , but you shut us down . I know . This should have been an X-File . We all take our orders from someone , Agent Mulder . That 'll be all . You 're secure ! This is vehicle 49-40 requesting immediate backup and assistance . Roger , 49-40 . - What have you got ? - A dead marshal and an escaped prisoner . Other than that , bupkis . We got a police line in a two-mile radius . Watch any access to the sewer system . It 's gonna try to get back underground . - Mulder . - Mr Mulder , I 'll make this brief . Success in your current assignment is imperative . - Who am I speaking to ? - Are you hearing me , Mr Mulder ? Yes . Why is it imperative ? Reinstatement of the X-Files must be undeniable . - Canine unit Six-Four , copy . - Six-Four , copy . We 're at a campsite a quarter-mile from you . The dogs tracked a scent to a chemical toilet . - I looked inside , but it 's empty . - The tanker . - Hold on , Six-Four . - What if he 's on the tanker truck ? The company that owns the truck doesn 't keep detailed service records . They had five trucks out this morning . Three of them have deposited their loads . - So he could have been here and gone . - If he hasn 't , he will be . - And every tanker dumps its load here ? - It 's a state law . - Everything 's processed through this plant ? - Yep . - Then what ? - It empties through an outlet pipe about five miles out to sea . - Could it have escaped through that pipe ? - Doubtful . The system 's full of filters . Nothing bigger than your little finger 's gonna get through . If it 's here , it 's going to be trapped here . I guess all we can do is wait . - Mulder . - It 's me . Where are you ? The treatment plant . I thought it might be back in the system . - How ? - Forget it . It 's stupid . - Well , you won 't like what I have to tell you . - Why not ? It hadn 't occurred to me , but the fluke in the corpse might have been an incubating larva . This creature , or whatever it is , transmits its eggs or larvae through its bite . - You mean it 's trying to reproduce ? - It 's looking for hosts . It attacks because the victims ' bodies provide generative nourishment . - Mulder ... - Yeah . - If it finds a new host ... - I know . It could multiply . Agent Mulder ! Linesman spotting something down in a section of pipe ! Where ? - Here . - That 's near where we found the first body . Right . Except this is an old overflow system that dumps into the harbour during heavy rainfall . That must be where it got into the system . It 's working its way back out to sea . That 's the overflow pipe . It leads to another vault like this one then about three quarters of a mile to the sea . Let 's see if we can get that gate closed . It 's rusted in position . Let 's see if I can get some leverage here . Agh ! Hey ! - Goddammit ! - You all right ? Yeah . I ... I lost my glasses . - Give me your hand ! - Get me outta here ! Grab it ! We need some help down here ! I 'll get you outta here ! Hold on ! Hold on ! Are you all right ? Are you OK ? - Is this seat taken ? - No . But I should warn you , I may reek a bit of the sewer . I 'll take my chances . You talked to Skinner yesterday ? Success in our work is imperative , Scully . Reinstatement of the X-Files must be undeniable . - That came from Skinner ? ! - No . We have a friend in the FBI . I thought you might be interested in the lab results on the biology of the fluke larva . Dissection and analysis indicates reproductive and physiological cross-traiting resulting in a sort of quasi-vertebrate human . Human ? Yes , but still capable of spontaneous regeneration , like any fluke or flatworm . How does that happen ? Radiation . Abnormal cell fusion . The suppression of natural genetic processes . Mulder , nature didn 't make this thing . We did . I know these . These are from Chernobyl . That creature came off of a decommissioned Russian freighter that was used in the disposal of salvage material from the meltdown . It was born in a ... in a primordial soup of radioactive sewage . You know , they say three species disappear off the planet every day . You wonder how many new ones are being created . Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru I made this ! ENGLISH HOH
