 We can expect mild weather along the Atlantic seaboard . Here 's Matt with his report . Stock prices fell for the third consecutive session today amid worries about the prospect of higher interest rates . The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell almost 14 ½ points to 3837 bringing the blue chip index 's losses over the last three days to just under 100 points . - 911 operator . - This is Dr Saul Grissom . - There 's a fire outside my apartment . - Are you at 700 East 56th Street ? - Yes , apartment 606 . For God 's sakes , hurry ! - Fire units are being dispatched . Somebody help ! Help ! Keep right . Please keep moving , sir . I don 't see any smoke anywhere . Get a crew up to the roof ! This is Lieutenant Regan . We have a possible 2-3 false alarm in apartment 606 . Let 's confirm that location . 606 . Yes , that 's affirmative . 606 . It 's cold . Let 's do it ! I 'll take the bedroom . He looks dead . Nothing here . X-Files Season 2 Episode 04 - Sleepless - 911 operator . Police emergency . - This is Dr Saul Grissom . - There 's a fire outside my apartment . - Are you at 700 East 56th Street ? - Yes , apartment 606 . For God 's sakes , hurry ! - Fire units are being dispatched . Please stay on the line . The article makes no mention of a fire . Yes , Agent Mulder , I can read . Grissom 's company had government contracts , so this investigation would be within the Bureau 's jurisdiction . But that 's not why you want the assignment . I think that the circumstances surrounding Grissom 's death warrant a closer look . NYPD won 't even talk to me unless you get the Attorney General to sign off on it . Where did you get the tape ? Presumably someone has led you to believe there 's more here than is being reported . My source , the only one I 've ever trusted , is dead . I 'll look into this further and , uh ... let you know . In the meantime , you have 24 hours of wiretap tape to transcribe . You comin ' over or what ? You said you was comin over two hours ago . I 'm waitin 'here like some bimbo who ain 't got nothin 'better to do waitin ' here like some bimbo who ain 't got nothin 'better to do than just sit around and wait for you . Agent Mulder ? - Yeah ? - It 's your 302 . Assistant Director Skinner just approved it . There 's a mistake . Another agent has been assigned to the case . That would be me . Krycek . Alex Krycek . - Skinner didn 't mention taking on a partner . - It wasn 't Skinner . I opened the file two hours before your request , so technically it 's my case . - You already talked to the police ? - Yep . Just hung up on the officer in charge a few minutes ago . A detective named ... Horton . - Seems Grissom called 911 to report a fire . - I heard the tape . Did you hear that Forensics found a spent fire-extinguisher on the floor ? Grissom 's prints were all over it . The walls and floor in his living room were covered with ammonium phosphate . - But no trace of fire ? - Not even a burnt match . - Is that all you know ? - Yeah . So far . - What do you think it means ? - I appreciate the show and tell and I don 't want you to take this personally , but I work alone . - I 'll straighten things out with Skinner . - It 's my case , Agent Mulder . Look , I may be ... green but I had the case first and I 'm not gonna give it away so quickly . I 'll tell you what . I got some work to finish up around here . Why don 't you go to the motor pool and requisition us a car ? I 'll meet you there . That 's all ? You don 't have a problem with us working together ? Hey , it 's your party . I 'll , um ... I 'll get the car . Electrocution affects electrolytic conduction disrupting the heartbeat and most of the autonomic systems . Death actually occurs from tissue damage , necrosis in the heart itself particularly in the sinus and atrioventricular nodes . Agent Scully . Sorry to interrupt . You have a call from a George Hale . - Says it 's urgent . - Excuse me . - Where are you ? - National Airport . Catching the shuttle to LaGuardia . Wanna join me in the Big Apple for an autopsy ? - What 's going on ? - I was hoping you could tell me . I can 't today . My last class isn 't over until 4.30 . That 's fine . I can have the ME wrap the body to go . - Mulder ... - You 'll get it by five . What 's the name ? Doctor Grissom 's alpha wave analysis defined the standard . He revolutionised the way we think about sleep . His death is a tremendous loss to science . How many other kinds of sleep disorder did he treat ? There are 38 different dyssomnias and parasomnias . Doctor Grissom treated them all with an unprecedented success ratio . Maintaining that kind of batting average must have taken its toll . Excellence demands certain sacrifices . - Did he show signs of psychological stress ? - Not really . Except for his own occasional bout of insomnia . - But he was never delusional ? - Of course not . - What 's his story ? - This patient 's night terrors prevent him from cycling out of REM sleep into the more restful slow-wave sleep . It 's still experimental , but we 're trying to modify his brain wave patterns externally . - How do you do that ? - Electrical stimulation of the occipital lobe creates visual and auditory hallucinations . - It 's possible to alter somebody 's dreams ? - In theory , yes . I paid off your cab . - I don 't like being ditched like a bad date . - Sorry if I hurt your feelings . What 's with this attitude ? You don 't know the first thing about me . Exactly . You know , back at the academy ... some of the guys used to make fun of you . - Stop it or you 're gonna hurt my feelings . - But some of us followed your work . Because we knew there was more out there than they were telling us . - Yeah . - Dr Grissom didn 't die from cardiac arrest . - What is it ? - I think you should take a look for yourself . I haven 't even started on the chest and the abdomen and I 'll have more to tell you then . I can make it in two hours . Where are we going ? - Spleen or pancreas ? - Stomach . I was just about to start on it . Oh , uh ... this is Alex Krycek . We 're working the case together . - Good to meet you . - You too . Notice the pugilistic attitude of the corpse . This condition generally occurs several hours after death . It 's caused by a coagulation of muscle proteins when the body is exposed to extremely high temperatures . - Like fire ? - This degree of limb flexion is observed exclusively in burn-related victims . - There was no fire . - And no epidermal burns to indicate that . But when I opened up the skull , I found extradural haemorrhages which can only be caused by intense heat . Somehow this man suffered all of the secondary but none of the primary physiological responses to having been in a fire . Any theories ? I can 't even begin to explain what could have caused it . I mean , it 's almost as if ... What ? As if his body believed that it was burning . ... with sapphire and cubic zirconium baguettes , all in a 14-carat gold band . Now , normally this ring retails for 1350 . Well , I think it 'd be a value at 900 . I saw it in a big department store last week for $ 1,000 but you will not believe what we are offering it to you for . 677 ! I mean , isn 't that wonderful ... You left the door open , Willig . Preacher ? Not a good idea leaving your door open in this neighbourhood . You never know who 's gonna drop by . Damn ! What are you doing here ? - How long you been in town ? - Not long . You want a beer ? How you doing , Henry ? Huh ? Huh ? How you been ? How am I doing ? I 'm , uh trying to forget . You know ? I 'm trying to get it out of my head . No luck , huh ? No . I 'm , uh still fighting it , you know . I keep seeing the faces . Every day I see ... Ah , what 's the difference ? We 're all going to hell , right ? Where you think we 've been the last 24 years ? But after this , wherever he sends us is gonna seem like ... Like a Hawaiian vacation . What do you want here , Preacher ? You killed him , didn 't you ? You killed Grissom . I saw it on TV . He had to pay , Henry . All of us have to answer for what we did over there . We can 't get away from it . No . " He retains not his anger for ever , because he delights in mercy . " " He will turn again ; he will have compassion on us . " " He will subdue our iniquities , " Henry " and he will cast all our sins into the depths of the sea . " It 's all right , Henry . It 's all over now . The victim was Henry Willig . Unemployed , lived on disability . No indication of forced entry or struggle . No abrasions or contusions or trace evidence in the body . Cause of death is being listed as ... burst aneurysm . - Why did your friend from Homicide call us ? - Because a medical examiner called him . The autopsy revealed 43 internal haemorrhages and skeletal fragments which doesn 't happen spontaneously . - Not without corresponding external trauma . - What does the ME have to say about it ? He said if he didn 't know otherwise , he 'd swear they were gunshot wounds . What 's this scar right here ? His records say the only surgery he had was an appendectomy . Unless they got to his appendix through his neck . Maybe it happened in Vietnam . Willig did a tour with the marines in 1970 . - I 'm sure they didn 't keep the best of records . - Willig was a marine ? So where do marines receive basic training on the East Coast ? Parris Island ? Where Grissom was stationed from 1968 to 1971 . Which means that he and Willig were there at the same time . 24 years ago . There we go . Willig was assigned to Special Force and Recon Squad J-7 . Of 13 original members , he 's one of two survivors . Till yesterday . Which leaves us with one person who can tell us what happened at Parris Island . I 've been supervising Mr Cole 's treatment since I admitted him 12 years ago . I 'm afraid you won 't find him very cooperative , though . We just want to ask him a few questions about his military service . He doesn 't respond very well to ... authority figures . Is that why you put him in isolation ? We 've had to house Mr Cole in this section because he was interfering with our treatment of other patients . - How was he interfering ? - He was disrupting their sleep patterns . With psychiatric patients , the circadian cycles must be maintained . Excuse me , but exactly how would Cole disrupt their sleep ? Here we are . Mr Cole ! There are some gentlemen here who ... - You discharged him two days ago . - I certainly did not . Don 't you think I 'd remember if I did ? I was on shift , and you signed the order yourself . That is your signature , isn 't it ? Let 's get Cole 's face out on the wire . - Mulder . - Mr Mulder . I 've obtained information that might assist your work . But you must exercise discretion when we meet . If anyone follows you , I won 't be there . - Who are you ? - Who I am is irrelevant . - Why are you trying to help me ? - You think I want to be here , Agent Mulder ? - Why are you trying to help me ? - You think I want to be here , Agent Mulder ? I don 't want to be here . - What is this ? - Data from a top-secret military project born of the idea that sleep is the soldier 's greatest enemy . Grissom was conducting sleep-deprivation experiments on Parris Island . Not deprivation . Eradication . - Why ? - Why else ? To build a better soldier . Sustained wakefulness dulls fear , heightens aggression . Science had just put a man on the moon so they looked to science to win a losing war . And Willig and Cole were the lab rats ? Lab rats with the highest kill-ratio in the Marine Corps . 4,000-plus confirmed kills for a 13-man squad . Is Cole behind what 's happening now ? I 'm not here to do your thinking , Agent Mulder . All I know is Augustus Cole hasn 't slept in 24 years . There 's someone else you should see . Another squad member reportedly killed in action . - I thought Cole was the last . - His name is on the envelope . - How do I contact you ? - You can 't . - I may need more . - You still don 't get it , do you ? Closing the X-Files , separating you and Scully , was only the beginning . The truth is still out there but it 's never been more dangerous . The man we both knew ... paid for that information with his life . A sacrifice I 'm not willing to make . Where were you ? Someone matching Cole 's description just robbed a drugstore . He 's in a nearby motel . - Is he alive ? - He was when the night manager saw him . So where were you ? Detective Horton ? I 'm Agent Krycek . This is Agent Mulder . I 've been waiting for you . I tried holding the SWAT guys back , but they 're getting antsy . Cole didn 't steal dime one from that drugstore . Just some pills . Freeze ! Inside ! Now ! Officer down ! We got two officers down . Both critical . Request emergency vehicles immediately . Roger , I copy on your officers being down ... What 's going on here , Mulder ? These two officers . They shot each other . Also described in the report is an experimental neurosurgical procedure designed to induce a permanent waking state . The procedure involved cutting part of the brain stem in the midpontile region which would explain Henry Willig 's scar . A similar scar should also be evident on Augustus Cole . Postop treatment included a regimen of synthetic supplements to replenish the organic deficits caused by prolonged lack of sleep . This is consistent with the antidepressants Cole robbed from the pharmacy . These drugs maintain serotonin levels in the blood serotonin being the primary substance produced during sleep . It is theoretically possible that this procedure diminished the subjects 'need for sleep but I can neither quantify nor substantiate its success without further evidence . - Scully . - The second officer is still in a coma so I don 't think we can count on him to tell us what happened . I 'm going over these reports you faxed me . They 're incredible . The military already sent troops through radioactive clouds . They had to top that . Sleep eradication doesn 't explain the shooting of those officers . Or the anomalous autopsy results on Willig and Dr Grissom . I learnt at Grissom 's clinic what happens to a person 's cortex when you stimulate it with electricity . They have visual and auditory hallucinations . Any med student can tell you that . What if that stimulus were to come from a remote source ? What if Cole has developed the ability to project his unconscious ? Are you suggesting Cole killed those people with telepathic images ? Think about it , Scully . In all those years without REM sleep maybe Cole bridged the waking world and the dream world-the collective unconscious . And what if , by existing consciously in the unconscious world he 's developed the ability to externalise his dreams and effectively alter reality ? Even if you 're right , you 'll have a better chance of finding Cole if you work up a profile and try and surmise his next move . All right . I 'll sharpen my pencils and I 'll see you later . I 'll be right there , Krycek . - Where are you going ? - To check on another member of the squad . - See if he can tell us something . - Sounds like your new partner 's working out . He 's all right . He could use a little seasoning and wardrobe advice . - He 's more open to extreme possibilities ... - Than I was ? Than I assumed he would be . Must be nice not having someone questioning your every move poking holes in all your theories . Oh ... Oh yeah . It ... It 's great . I 'm surprised I put up with you for so long . You 'd better go . I 'll read over this report again and see what else I can come up with . OK . Clear this up . Salvatore Matola ? Are you here to shoot me ? You gonna kill me ? No . We 're with the FBI . We just wanted to ask you some questions . Why did you think we were here to kill you ? - I dunno . - You know about Willig and Grissom , huh ? I read about it in the paper . Figured they were finally killing us all off . Who ? Hey , Sal , can you spare a few minutes ? Yeah , I guess so . I got a break coming up . Spare a few minutes . I guess . They said it 'd be like living two lifetimes . And that ... At first , that 's what it was like . Not having to sleep an ' all made us feel like nothing could touch us , you know ? Uh ... We 'd do 24-hour patrols night ambushes , you know ? That type of thing . - And you never got tired ? - No . Not so that we had to sleep . And then , nothing that the pills couldn 't fix . - Serotonin ? - Yeah . How long did this go on ? Quite a while , I 'd say . Quite a while . Until we stopped taking orders from Company Commander in Saigon . The entire squadron went AWOL ? Yeah . Something like that . - Well , then who did you take orders from ? - We didn 't . We just made up missions as we went along . Till it didn 't matter any more who we were killing . Farmers ... women . Outside of Phu Bai there was this school , and , uh ... They were just kids . No one ever tried to stop you ? No , sir . Police suspect Augustus Cole may be behind the murders of Willig and Grissom . You mean Preacher ? That 's what we used to call him - he was always reading from his Bible . You know , saying this and that about Judgment Day . Saying that one day we were gonna have to pay for what we were doing . That 's ... that 's what he said back then . That 's what he 'd say . But why Grissom ? He was never in-country . He wasn 't even part of the squadron . Sure he was . He made us what we are . - Him and Dr Girardi . - Who 's Dr Girardi ? The other doc on the project . The one who did the surgeries on us . It 's because of him that I haven 't slept a night in 24 years . I 'm still not clear why you think Cole will go after Girardi . Cole sees himself as an avenging angel . He thinks everyone responsible for the atrocities directly or indirectly , must be punished . Yeah , but why now ? Why after all these years ? Phu Bai was one of the bloodiest massacres of the war . Over 300 children slaughtered . And unlike My Lai , no US troops were ever charged . The 24th anniversary of the massacre was two days ago . - Mulder . - I think I 've found Francis Girardi . He 's a professor of neurosurgery at Harvard . - Do you have his number in Boston ? - Yes . But he 's coming to Grissom 's funeral . - When ? - Tonight . He arrives at Bronx station at 7.30 . Get a photograph to the security desk so we know who we 're looking for . Got it . - Mulder , FBI . You got a photo for me ? - Right here . Stay here . I 'll cover the other side . Federal agent ! Drop your weapon ! Drop it ! Mulder . You all right ? Girardi ! Where is he ? Girardi 's not here . I saw him . He was ... Mulder ! You were shouting and waving your gun around , but Girardi never showed . No , Girardi was here . So was Cole . We just missed them . Mulder , if they 'd been here , I would have seen them . I 'm telling you , Mulder . They weren 't here . OK , there 's nothing here so let 's rewind the tape . Start with a small window of time - say , 1935 to 1945 . If you don 't find anything within that time frame , open it up one minute at a time . With all these cameras , we should be able to see something . Can we talk for a second ? What 's the problem ? You still haven 't answered my question about what happened . - I told you , I thought I saw Girardi . - Come on . You just about killed someone ! And we both know I 'm covering for you by keeping it between us . - All right , what do you want to know ? - Just the truth . - There 's things that I need to know . - My ideas are usually not very popular . I told you , I wanna believe . But I need a place to start . I think Cole possesses the psychic ability to manipulate sounds and images to generate illusions that are so convincing they can kill . How 's that for a theory ? Puts a whole new spin on virtual reality , but at least it begins to explain some things . Agent Mulder ? - See this car in the upper-right corner ? - Yeah . It wasn 't there five minutes ago . - Where is this ? - That 's track 17 . It 's a restricted part of the yard . What are you doing ? This is insane ! You can 't do this to me . You can 't hold me responsible . I was following orders . Just like you . The Lord hates the lying tongue . It 's the truth . The truth is what you did to us . What you made us do . No one made you do anything . You volunteered . " The righteous shall rejoice when he sees the vengeance . " Who is it ? Who 's there ? " He shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked . " Who is it ? I can 't see without my glasses . You don 't need to see to know who it is . You know who it is ! " He shall pay as the judges determine . " " He shall give life for life eye for eye tooth for tooth , hand for hand foot for foot , burn for burn wound for wound , strike for strike . " " As he has disfigured a man , so shall he be disfigured . " " And he who kills a man shall be put to death . " He 's still alive . Put pressure on the wound on the back of his neck and radio for help . Now ! This is Agent Krycek requesting emergency assistance . My location 's track 17 in the freight warehouse . Step away from the edge . Corporal Cole , I 'm a federal agent . Please step back . Go ahead . - Shoot me . - That 's not why I came up here . I 'm putting down my gun . I just wanna talk for a few minutes . Then you can do whatever you want . - I 'm tired . - I know . No , man , you don 't know . - You have no idea . - One minute is all I 'm asking . One minute 's more than I care to give . The blood 's boiling in my veins . I can feel the air stinging on my skin . What the military did to you was wrong . But maybe your testimony can help . They cut out a piece of my brain . They made me into somebody else . And I can never get back what they took away from me . But I can stop them from taking anything more . Krycek , put down the gun and get outta here . Krycek , I said put down the gun and get outta here ! No ! Good ... night . He had a gun . He was gonna shoot you . You did the right thing . They broke into my office . Went through my files , my computer . I came down as soon as Security called , but the report was already gone . Someone went to a lot of trouble stealing our copies to keep this a secret . Without that report as evidence , Skinner 's not gonna authorise an investigation . He said it 's never been more dangerous . Skinner ? That man who leaked us the report . The one who 's been helping us . You actually met with him ? He said closing down the X-Files is just the beginning . That we 've never been in greater danger . Do you trust him ? - Do you know where he got this ? - Not yet . But he got it . Which means he 's either found another source or another source has found him . Sir , if I can recommend something ? You 'll see that I 've outlined several countermeasures . - What about Scully ? - Reassigning them to other sections seems only to have strengthened their determination . Scully 's a problem . A much larger problem than you described . Every problem has a solution . Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru I made this !
