 We wanted to believe We want to call out On August , 20th and September , 5th 1977 ... .. two spacecraft were launched from the Kennedy Space Center , Florida . They were called Voyager . Each one carries a message I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet ... We step out from our solar system .. into the universe seekings only ... The gold plate recorded detecting images music and sound of our planet .. arranged that so maybe understood if ever intercepted by ... . ... a technologically mature extraterrestrial civilisation Hello from the children of the planet Earth 13 years after launch Voyager One pass the orbit of the planet Neptun ... essenciently leave our solar system Within that time , there were no further message were sent nor or any planned . We want to listen an October , 12th 1992 , NASA iniatiated high resolution microwave survey ... a decade long search by radio-telescope-scanner 10 million frecuencies for any transmission by extraterrestial intelligence Less than one year later 1st turn the bad , Senator Richard Bryan ... .. successfully champion in amendment which terminated the project I want to believe but the tools have been taken away . The X-Files has been shut down . They closed our eyes . Our voices has been silenced . Our ears now deaf to the round of extreme possibilities ( # Bach 's Brandenburg Concerto No. 2 ) I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet ... We step out from our solar system ... . into the universe seekings only .. Peace and friendship to teach ... X-Files Season 2 Episode 01 - Little Green Men Cecil and me went to one strip joint - Yeah , you treat yourself ? - Oh , man , let me tell you .. - Do you know that one Tuesday ? - Wait .. wait . You went on Tuesday ? - No , no , the striper 's name ; Tuesday - Oh yeah , I know her Anyway she 's on stage dancing of onspring summer song ; " Come and play " - Nice touch . - Very hot . - Keep going . - I 'm tipping her big . No ones , five spots . I 'm laying ' em on the rail - Boom , boom , boom . - She didn 't like it ? - By the end of the song , I had $ 40 laid out . It 's not a long song , is it ? It is advantages to begin an autopsy was removal the cranium The cranium is opened with a horizontal division an inch above the eyebrow ridges . Something wrong ? What this man imagined ... his dreams ... Who he love , saw , heard ... remembered ... What he feared ... Somehow .. it 's all locked in this small mass of tissue and fluid . Are you OK , Agent Scully ? You kind of sounded a little spooky . Good afternoon , Agent Mulder . Four dollars for the first hour parking is criminal Which is you got better at least 45 minutes You know Mulder , from ... - from back there you look like him . - Him ? - Deep Throat . - He 's dead , Scully . I attended his funeral in Angleton through eight power binocular from a distance of 1,000 yards away Now the picture frame was turned down . You wanted to talk . What have you found ? I wanted to talk , but I haven 't found anything . Is dangerous for us to stand a little chat , Scully . We must assume , we 're being watched . - I haven 't seen any indication ... - No , of course not . - These people are the best . - I have taken all the necessary precautions ... I have double back over my track to make sure that they have 'nt been followed . No one has ever followed me . The X-Files have been terminated , Mulder . We have been re-assigned . - What makes do you think you they care about us anymore , anyway ? - So why you have bother to come here covertly ? Because I realized that this is the only way that you would see me . - So , what do you want ? - To know that you alright . Mulder , you pass me the day within a foot ... but you were miles away . I 'm on electronic surveillance . White-bread cases , bank fraud , insurance fraud , healthcare swindles . Mulder , I know that you feel ... .. frustrated . That without the bureau resources , it is impossible for you to continue ... - No .. it ... - For what then ? When the bureau first shut us down , you said that you 'll go on for as long as the truth is out there . But I no longer feel that from you . Have you have 'nt been to San Diego ? Yeah . Did you check the Palomar Observatory ? No From 1948 until recently , it was the largest telescope in the world . The idea indesign came from brilliant wealthy astronomer named George Ellery Hale . Actually , the idea was presented to Hale while he was playing billiards . An elf climb to his window and told him to get the money from the Rockefeller Foundation for telescope . And you worried that the all your life is seeing the elf ? In my case ... little green man . But Mulder during the time in the X-Files you 've seen so much . That 's just the point . Seeing is not enough . I should have something to hold on to . Some solid evidence . I learned that from you . Your sister abduction , you held into that . I 'm beginning to wonder if if that ever even happened . Mulder even if George Hale only saw the elf in his mind , The telescope still got built . Don 't give up . And the next time ... .. we need out in open . She had erased a conversation between President Nixon and HR Haldeman while transcribing the tape . Woods testified that she erased only about five minutes but the tape contained an 18-minute gap . Under investigation ... Scout . ... HR Haldeman reiterated the White House explanation that Woods ... - Do we have to watch this , Fox ? - Leave it , I 'm watching The Magician at nine . Mom and dad said I can watch some movie , buttmunch . The next door of the Jalbrens , they said I 'm in charge . Hey , get out of my life . Aaah ! I 'm watching The Magician . Now look , the fuse is blown . Fox ? Aaah ! Samantha ! Samantha ! Sa-man-tha - ! Sa-man-tha - ! We going to the hill ( # Bach 's Brandenburg Concerto No. 2 ) Senator Matheson ? - Do you know this , Fox ? - It 's Bach Brandenburg Concerto No. 3 . Two . Good thing it wasn 't a Double Jeopardy question . Do you know the significance of this piece ? Well , recalling music appreciation with Professor Ganz Bach had a genius for polyphonic ... This is the first selection of music on the Voyager spacecraft . The first . Four and a half billion years from now when the sun exhausts its fuel and swells to engulf the Earth this expression will still be out there ... Travelling for four and a half billion years . That is , if it 's not intercepted first . Imagine , Fox if another civilisation out there were to hear this . They will think , what a wonderful place the earth is must be . I would wanted this to be , first contact with another life form . I know I let you down . You 've supported me at great risk to your reputation . I realise that when they shut us down , there was nothing you could do . All I can say is , I think we were close . To what ? I don 't know . What ? Do you like Bach , Mulder ? - I live for Bach . - Then let 's hear it again . I take it you are familiar with the High Resolution Microwave Survey ? The search for extraterrestial radio signal , they shut it down . You have to go to radio telescope at Arecibo , Puerto Rico I will try to delay them as long as I can . But my guess is , you 'll have at least 24 hours . After that , I can no longer hold off the Blue Beret UFO Retrieval Team . And they been authorised to display terminal force . What am I looking for ? Contact . - When were you last seen Agent Mulder ? - Yesterday - Where ? - In the bull pen hallway . Did you speak with him ? No , is he in some kind of trouble ? Agent Mulder failed to appear at his assignment this morning . His whereabouts are unknown . - Sir , I volunteer my time to assist any search - No Agent Scully , the bureau can handle . - She doesn 't know where he is ? - How can you be so sure ? Because if she knew , she wouldn 't so worried about him . I don 't smoke . She find him . Gracias . No trace evidence apparent around the exterior of the control room which is locked with chains . The power has been turned off . Although the control panel lights are still on . Although the control panel lights are still on . I see no sign , of any recent occupation . There 's quite an odour of mildew in the air . The air is stale . If anyone been here in recently , I see no indication . Mulder ! You hounded me to have lunch today , and then you don 't show . You are a pig Galactic latitude ? - May I ask , what are you doing here , Agent Scully ? - Are you following me ? Agent Mulder residence is under surveillance . Please explain why are you here ? I was told by Assistant Director , Mulder was gone . - So ? - So , whenever his away , I feed his fish . What the hell is this ? Looks like a self-test the computer does . - Damn . - Just dump it in the tank . That would be bad for the fish . íNo me lastime , no me lastime ! ( Do not hurt me , do not hurt me ! ) - Who are you ? What do you doing here ? - Por favor ... Tengo mucho miedo . ( Please ... I got really scared . ) Is allright . Settle down . - Calm down - Tenemos que irnos de aquí . ( We need to get out of here ) Habla inglés ? ( Speak English ? ) Name ? Nombre ? Nombre ? ( Name ? Name ? ) Jorge Me llamo Jorge Concepcin . ( My name is Jorge Concepcin . ) Jorge , what are you so afraid ? What did you seen ? Luces ... ( Lights ... ) en el cielo ... rojo ... ( in the sky ... red ... ) azul ... anaranjado . ( blue ... orange . ) Pensé que una avioneta se había estrellado ... ( I thought that a plane had crashed ... ) Pero cuando llegué ... ( But when I arrived ... ) vi hombres ... ( I saw men ... ) como animales ... ( like animals ... ) ... pero no hombres . ( ... but not men . ) Me agarraron y me pusieron aquí ... ( Grabbed me and put me here ... ) - íTodavía están en el bosque ! ( They are still in the woods ! ) - Jorge , no comprendo . ( Jorge , I do not understand . ) Did you say men ? Hombres ? It looks like the " Wow ! " signal . - The " Wow ! " signal ? - Ohio State has a radio telescope that conducts searches for extraterrestrial intelligence . In August 1977 , my buddy Jerry Ehman found a transmission on a printout like this . He was so excited , he wrote " Wow ! " in the margins . What was there ? Signal . 30 times stronger than galactic background noise . Came through on 21 cm frequency , which no satellite transmitter allowed to use . The signal was intermittent , like Morse code . And more importantly , the signal seemed to turn itself on while in the telescope 's beam . The " Wow ! " signal is the best evidence of extraterrestrial intelligence . But this ... This is better . Where did you get this ? Maybe you can tell me . Is that from Ohio state ? Can 't tell . There are a few nickel-and-dime SETI projects around . UC Berkeley has one . The Planetary Society has one at Harvard and in Argentina . in Harvard and Argentina NASA was working out of Goldstone in California and Arecibo in Puerto Rico . Mulder . This signal from 06.30 Tuesday : the narrow band and matching of the antenna pattern indicates that it originated from beyond lunar distance . The same message is transmitted No . Jorge , don 't touch the red button . Noho on the rojo . Thanks . The same message was transmitted four hours later , on a wide-band ... which puts its point of origin very close , just miles away from ... I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet ... We step out from our solar system .. ... . We have emerged from our global - ¡ Son ellos ! ¡ Ya regresaron ! ( Is they ! It returned ! ) - Its just a tape-machine , Jorge . ¡ Vámonos inmediatamente , por favor ! ( Lets go immiadietly , please ! ) Where are we gonna go ? There 's a storm outside . You can 't be afraid , Jorge . Don 't be afraid . You can 't be afraid . Jorge ! Jorge ! Jorge ! Jorge ! Passengers holding tickets , Please proceed immiadietly to Gate No 16 Atención , por favor . Último aviso . Pasajeros con boletos para este vuelo , a la puerta 16 . Attention please , This is the gate change announcement Flight 236 flight from Boston and will now be arrive to the gate No. 7 This is Fox Mulder , leave a message please . CA 519 7.05 9.50 At the tone , Eastern Daylight Time will be 5.47 and 40 seconds . Attention all passengers flight 235 to Atlanta , is now boarding to Gate No. 2 Relax . We know where she going . ST Kroetks , Caribbean airflight 519 Take off at 7 : 05 gate in the other terminal I want a ticket on a 6 : 30 flight to San Juan Today is ... time 10 : 30 Although I am not a qualify in the pathologist , I will record my observations of the body in case at some future time decomposition should obscure forensic evidence . The subject , perhaps victim , is Hispanic male undetermined age . There are no overt external injuries apparent . There are no indications of any lightning strikes . No sizzling of the hair or burn of any kind There were no ... There are no puncture wounds due to needles or probes ... The subject was discovered in a sitting position rigor mortis having set in-although less than half an hour had elapsed . The skin is strikingly affected by goose flesh . The body shows signs of intense cadaveric spasm . The expression reflects ... Oh my God , Scully . It is as if he was frightened to death . Again Scully , there is nothing but evidence And again no evidence at all . The printouts of received transmission indicate contact with another life form ... Which is , I can not see it And even if I could see them , would they really be there ? How do i know , this could be a classified military satellite - these transmissions are from the Voyager for a god sake . Could extraterrestrials really have intercepted them ? Or is this just some elaborate joke played on those who want to believe ? I send here by one of those people . Deep Throat says " Trust no one " . That 's hard , Scully . Suspecting everyone .. everything ... It wears you down . You even begin to doubt what you know is the truth . Before ... . ... I could only trust myself . Now , I can only trust you . And they 've taken you away from me . My life up to this point has been about the need to see her again . To see them . But what would I do if they really came ? Deep Throat said " Trust no one . " Trust .. No .. One ... - ' I send here by one of those people . ' - Trust .. No .. One ... - ' Deep Throat says " Trust no one " . ' No Mulder I was sure you were dead . Mulder , its Scully . Dana Scully . Did you know , where you are ? They came , Scully . The ones that took her , they were here . Here ? Or here ? On the tape . The tape . Evidence .. proof ... - The transmissions . It 's all here . - Proof of what ? Contact . These print out . It is here . And the man . We 'll have to examine the body . There 'll be more proof . - Is that them ? - No , this isn 't it . It 's the Blue Beret Crash Retrieval Team . They 'll kill us . Help me with the body . - We don 't have time . - Help me ! Mulder , We 're never gonna be able to get the body out of the country ! Mulde , we have to go . Evidence is worthless if you 're dead . Let 's go ! Hold your fire ! Get the truck to the bottom of the hill . Move ! Come on , move ! Mulder ! Damn it ! You left your off-site setup . Another brick agent had to cover your ass . The entire surveillance , all the months of work on this case , gone . Just like you , gone . This has fourbagger all over it , Mulder . Censure , transfer , suspension , probation . I undderstand that leaving my assignment warrants disciplinary action . - And I 'm willing to accept those measures . - But ? But I had enough on that survillence to arrest suspects after three days I could 've nailed them on 40 counts of bank fraud . But you left me there . I 'm surprising you didn 't notice I was gone . Let alone wiretap my phone , an illegal procedure without a court order ! Your time is over ... And you leave with nothing . ... and you leave with nothing . I said , get the hell out . Report back to your assignment . A minute ago I was a fourbagger . Do you want me to make the arrests ? I think we need more to go on . Continue the surveillance . It should be right here . Entire tape is blank . An electrical surge during the storm may have degaussed everything erasing the entire tape . You still have nothing . I may have not the X-Files , Scully . But I still have more work . I still have you . I still have a myself . What 's the difference between a lap dance and a table dance ? A lap dance , they 're all over you . A lap dance costs what ? All right , all right . Tell me the best spot . Where ? - Paramount . But you gotta spend money . - I 'm there . Wednesday , it 's your dancer ? No , don 't go Wednesday . That 's amateur night . Amateurs , huh ? Nice touch ! - They 're not really amateurs . - Yeah , sure , sure . If you don 't mind spending the money , the girls are all over you . And they 're good-looking too ... Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru I made this Plus God
