 Eugene ? Eugene , it 's Dr Monte . Eugene , are you asleep ? No . I was on my way out . I wanted to stop by and see how you were feeling . Fine . Good . You nervous about tomorrow ? Don 't be . I know you think they won 't let you out , so I peeked at the reports of the doctors that will testify at your review . They concur with my opinion that you 're ready to be released ... and rejoin the community . So ... why don 't we get some sleep and relax and I 'll see you tomorrow at the review , OK ? Let 's just keep our fingers crossed . Agent Scully , we have reviewed your reports and frankly we are displeased . Irregular procedure , untenable evidence , anonymous witnesses , inconclusive findings aggravated by vague opinion . The nature of X-Files cases often precludes orthodox investigation . Do you suggest we adopt separate standards for you and Mulder ? No . Does Agent Mulder obstruct you from proper procedure ? No , sir. I 'm suggesting these cases be reviewed with an open mind . Maybe your mind has become too open . On cases investigated by Mulder and myself to date , we have a conviction or case solution of 75 % , well above Bureau standard . That is your only saving grace . May I ask , sir , what more you require ? What I require is increased frequency of reports , conventional investigation . In short , Agent Scully , it is your responsibility to see that these cases are by the book . I understand . However ... conventional investigation of these cases may decrease the rate of success . By order of the State of Maryland , the court shall review the psychological status of Eugene Victor Tooms . We 'll begin with the court-appointed expert witnesses . The court calls Dr Pamela Karetzky . I performed several diagnostic procedures on Mr Tooms in order to determine any organic physiological dysfunction . An electroencephalogram , chromosomal analysis , a computerised axial tomograph . All of these were negative . " Mr Tooms had recently lost his job ( Baltimore Animal Regulation / Dog-catcher ) . " " Aggravated by a false arrest by the fbi , his assault on Agent Scully was 'frustration directed at the wrong person ' . " I am reading from a recent interview I did with Mr Tooms at the Druid Hill Sanitarium . Question : If you were released , what is the first thing you would do ? Answer : I 'd like my old job back . Question : Why ? Answer : The animal shelter made me feel I was helping everyone , people and animals . Mr Tooms has learned to articulate his feelings and invest his emotional energy and creative energy in ... .. stratagems he can build up in himself . It is my opinion that Mr Tooms has had an excellent response to the treatment and therapy . I would see no reason why he would be any danger to himself or any member of society . Do you swear your testimony is the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth ? I do . Mr Mulder , as an expert witness for the State of Maryland , can you list your qualifications ? I 'm a special agent with the fbi . I worked for three years at its behavioural science unit , profiling serial killers . Your Honour , I know where he 's going with this . Mr Tooms was placed in psychiatric care solely for the assault on Agent Scully . He has never been charged with any other crime . You may proceed ... with caution . Agent Mulder , I understand you 've drawn on your experience to profile Mr Tooms . - Yes , I have . - Please . These murders span nearly a century . 19 homicides , five occurring every 30 years since 1903 . All in the Baltimore area . In each case , the liver was extracted and presumably eaten . A trophy was taken from each victim , many of which were found in the living quarters of Eugene Tooms at 66 Exeter Street . Records show that a Eugene Tooms has resided at that same address since 1903 , the same year a man was murdered in that building . Besides liver extraction , the most notable link is the undetermined point of entry . Many victims were found with their windows and doors locked from the inside . These elongated fingerprints found at 7 of the 19 crime scenes match Tooms . Agent Mulder , look at his fingers . - Look at him . - Perhaps through a genetic mutation , Eugene Tooms is capable of elongating his body to access victims so he may extract the livers which provide sustenance for the hibernation period of 30 years . - He needs one more victim . - Your Honour ! An exam done at the time of his arrest revealed muscle and bone abnormalities . - His attorney blocked further study . - Thank you ! - Counsel ? - No further questions , Your Honour . - This an abnormal human creature . - Agent Mulder ! You may step down . If you release Tooms , he will kill again . It 's in his genetic make-up . Think they 'd have taken me more seriously if I wore the grey suit ? Mulder , your testimony , you sounded so ... I don 't care as long as it was the truth . Where were you ? - Your testimony was important . - l was called into a meeting . - By Assistant Director Skinner . - What did he want ? He just wanted to reel me in . They 're ready . It is the opinion of this court that Eugene Victor Tooms shall on this day be released from the Druid Hill Sanitarium . The court also attaches these conditions . One , that he remain in counselling under the care of Dr Aaron Monte , that he retain his job at Baltimore Animal Shelter , and last , that he take residence in the house of Mr and Mrs Arlan Green , trained to assist patients from Druid Hill in their transition to society . Mr Tooms , do you understand and accept these conditions ? Yes , Your Honour . Very well . You 're free to go . - l 'm not taking my eyes off him . - Mulder ... He 'll kill the first chance he can , but he won 't kill the old couple . Tooms didn 't remain a secret for 100 years by not being careful . He 'll only kill out of necessity or self-defence . If he makes an attempt , I 'll stop him . I 'll keep surveillance with you . I 'll watch him . Go back to the earlier murders to prove it was him . - That was 30 or 60 years ago . - Murder has no statute of limitation . Mulder , that 's going to entail unorthodox methods of investigation . If you 're resistant because you don 't believe , I 'll respect that . If it 's because of bureaucratic pressure , they 've reeled you in and skinned you . I hope you 'll be comfortable , Eugene . The room in the back is small , but I 'm sure you 'll be able to squeeze in . I 'm sure . Excuse me ... could you help me find my dog ? He 's a Norwegian elkhound . His name is Heinrich . I use him to hunt moose . If Tooms gets away now , then the next time he takes a life you 'll be nearly my age . Detective Briggs , you helped us so much before . Now we have to prove that Tooms was involved in the killings you investigated 30 years ago . You 've lived with this case half your life . There must be something ... maybe a connection between the victims . I know we 've seen all the evidence , but is there anything , anything at all amongst the evidence that does not fit ? There was something that never did sit quite right with me . All of the victims that I investigated in ' 63 were found at the crime scene , liver extracted - all five . As were the four most recent murders . When I was a sheriff during the Powhattan Mill killings of 1933 , only four of the victims were found at the crime scene . However , there was a fifth person who was missing and never found . But this ... This was discovered at the Ruxton chemical plant when it was under construction . It doesn 't belong to the other victims . That doesn 't prove it belongs to a person murdered by Tooms . I 'm positive Tooms hid this one victim because something about the body could prove he was the killer . - What makes you positive ? - A hunch . An old-fashioned hunch . You 've got to trust your instincts . And ... what does your instinct say about where Tooms buried the body ? In the cement where they poured the foundation of the chemical plant . Ground-penetrating radar . It bounces signals off objects or cavities . Tells you where the body is . Well , it signals if something inordinate is present . An experienced operator attempts to differentiate if a signal is a body or a stone or a hole in the ground . Differentiates ? You mean he guesses . Well , it 's an educated guess . How are we doing ? Well , it 's really hard to tell . There are some possibilities . Nothing very conclusive ... lt 's here ! Here ! What is it ? It 's here ! Right here ! Agent Scully , look at this . Robo-toddler 's finally sleeping ! I 'm gonna watch TV in bed . OK . I 'm coming , honey . Oh , screw it ! Would you go down and get that ? fbi . I suspect an intruder in your house . What ? Someone opened my window ! I suspect the year of death to be in the mid-1930s . The anterior surface of the right femur was green , indicating exposure to copper . We concentrated on the area and we found several pennies . 1933 ... ' 31 ... 1933 . Can you determine cause of death ? My instinct says burial in cement is murder . No , at the moment I have found no definite proof of murder . There are gnawing marks near the ribs . I suspect that 's rodent activity prior to the body being set in cement . We need to see more of the remains for cause of death . As you know , it 's a slow but necessary process . I did try a little something . It 's a little premature if we 're gonna go by the book . Well , we 'll keep it off the record . Good . Thank you . The old man , Mr Briggs , gave me a photograph of the missing person in 1933 suspected of being a murder victim . I ran a computer-aided superimposition on what we have of the skull . Now ... this is not official , but that skeleton was that person . It 's not enough. lt doesn 't tie it to Tooms . Well , it 's a start . Mulder , it 's getting a bit ripe in here , don 't you think ? Pine-scented ! Better ? Tooms hasn 't come out of the house all day . I 've sat through a Phillies game and four hours of Baba Booey . When it got dark , I took a walk . Got that sandwich I asked for ? It 's liverwurst . You know proper surveillance requires two pairs of agents , one pair relieving the other after 12 hours . Article 30 , paragraph 8.7 ? This isn 't about doing it by the book . You haven 't slept for three days . You 're gonna get sloppy and you 're gonna get hurt. lt 's inevitable . A request for other agents to stake out Tooms would be denied . Then I 'll stay , you go home . They 're out to put an end to the X-Files , Scully . I don 't know why , but any excuse will do . I don 't really care about my record , but you 'd be in trouble just sitting in this car . I 'd hate to see you carry an official reprimand in your file because of me . Fox ... I ... I ... even made my parents call me Mulder . Mulder . Mulder , I wouldn 't put myself on the line for anybody but you . If there 's an iced tea in that bag , it could be love . Must be fate , Mulder . Root beer . You 're delirious . Go home and get some sleep . Take my sandwich. I only had one bite . You 're gonna want it later . Call me if anything happens . lmmediately. I 'll be here . Oh , oh , and 11.30 , station 790 , Pete Rose 's late-night sports talk radio show . I wouldn 't miss it for the world . It has worked , hasn 't it ? You 'll be all right now . I know it 's worked ! Yeah , they found him out cold in the street . He 's been beaten up pretty badly . Contusions , multiple lacerations . The shoulder 's been pulled right out ofjoint . Let 's get him prepped for some blood work and X-rays . He 's been kicked in the jaw . It may be fractured . There 's a partial shoe print . I wanna get a photo of that . We might be able to find the shoe that matches it later . Do you know who did this to you ? We 'll be right back , Mr Tooms . Says it was an fbi agent named Mulder . So would you say he 's delusional or just schizophrenic ? It 's just a cursory exam , but there 's nothing to indicate that . - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah . What 's going on ? What 's this about ? Agent Mulder , get your things . You 're in some trouble . These are serious allegations . The evidence is incriminating . A good forensic scientist would know there is not only a shoe print but an impact point of the foot from inside the shoe . An analysis of Tooms 's injury would show my foot was not inside the shoe . Are you suggesting Tooms is framing you ? - Of course . - lf you had him under surveillance , how could he gain access to your shoe without you seeing him ? - Well ... - Sir . I was engaged in the unauthorised surveillance as well . Agent Mulder was orienting me on the situation at the time Tooms was admitted into the hospital . Agent Mulder could not have done it because he was with me . Agent Scully , you wouldn 't be lying to me , would you ? Sir , I would expect you to place the same trust in me as I do in you . Agent Scully , may I have a word with Agent Mulder , please ? Fox , ... you were one of the finest , most unique agents in the nearly 60-year history of this institution . We were talking about you when you were in the academy . Most of us , including the director , feel you are wasted on the X-Files . But we respect that you are deeply invested in those areas . But if these cases are creating such stress as to cause not only you to act inappropriately but agents close to you , then may I advise you to step away for a while ? Clear your head , take an extended vacation . That 's a good idea . Thanks for your concern . You 're forbidden to go near Eugene Tooms . Mulder , ... this was close . Any closer and 1,000 friends at the Capitol won 't be able to help you . These are Eugene Tooms 's dental X-rays obtained from the Druid Hill Sanitarium . Your sandwich the other night gave me an idea . Dr Plith had mentioned that he found gnawing on the rib cage near the location of the liver . Further excavation revealed more pronounced bite marks , human teeth marks . Tooms will never voluntarily submit to a dental cast . This software can create a three-dimensional model of Tooms 's mouth from the dental radiograph . We 've also mapped out the bite marks from the skeleton 's rib - here . They match . Eugene , Dr Monte . Hi , I wanted to stop by and see how everything was going . Susan and I are going out for the evening . - See you later . - Thanks . Great place . Wonderful place . How are you feeling ? Why the newspaper strips , Eugene ? Are you making some papier-mâche ? Yes . That 's terrific , wonderful . I had no idea you were interested in art . I like art . I do , too. I 'm very proud of you . Art can provide a window to your thoughts and your feelings . What are you doing , Eugene ? Eugene ... are you all right ? That makes five . He 's building his nest . - 30-year hibernation . - Where would he go ? Where he 's gone for the last 90 years - 66 Exeter Street . No , I already checked . They tore down that apartment building . What 's there now ? Thanks . He 's gotta be here . If he 's drawn to this location for some reason , maybe this nest is in the approximate location of the previous nest . This is the area . There 's a storage facility on the second floor . What ? There 's only room for one . You can get the next mutant . Mulder ? Mulder ? Mulder ! Mulder , here ! Quick , grab my hand ! Come on ! Mulder , what 's happening ? Quick ! Have you read this report ? Do you believe them ? Of course I do . OK , let 's go . It 's amazing how things change , isn 't it ? The caterpillar ? No , a change for us . - lt 's coming . - How do you know ? A hunch . Visiontext Subtitles by Pam Atkinson I made this ! english
