 Ten o 'clock changeover . Anything to report ? We 're still lagging behind Red Dwarf , sir , almost 24 hours behind . Otherwise , it 's been a moderately quiet shift , except for one small shock when we noticed an alien fleet off the starboard bow . Thankfully , it turned out to be one of Mr Lister 's sneezes on the radar screen . - How are we fuel-wise ? - Unchanged for today , sir . However , the supply situation grows increasingly bleak . We 've recycled the water so often , it tastes like Dutch lager . - We 're OK for food , aren 't we ? - Confidentially , sir , no . We 've no meat , no pulse and little grain . Worse still , the only Liquorice Allsorts left are the twisty ones that everybody hates . What 's more , space weevils ate the last of the corn . So what 's under the grill ? Space weevil . You can 't serve space weevil , Kryten . Not even Lister with his single remaining taste bud will eat insectoid vermin . Let 's face it , it 's practically cannibalism . But it 's incredibly nutritious , sir . After all , it is corn-fed . - He 'll never eat it . - Trust me . The first bite is with the eye . It 's all down to presentation . Et voilà ! - Changeover . Anything new ? - Nothing much . Electrical storm , alien war fleet - false alarm - the usual stuff . Look at the state of this place ! Why can 't you clean up before we swap over ? What the hell is this down the back of my chair ? Peanuts ? No , I 've been trimming my verrucas . You have personal habits that would make a monkey blush ! You really think I 'm psychotically disgusting , don 't you ? They 're peanuts , OK ? Real peanuts ? Where 'd you get them ? That derelict a couple of months back . I found them in the dead captain 's jacket . Don 't look like that . You enjoyed that mint . - Where d 'you get that ? - He was sucking that when he got shot . I had to prise his jaws open . You think I 'll buy anything you say , don 't you ? Well , wrong , buddy ! Now get outta here . I gotta keep my eyes skinned for the asteroid shaped like a moose you told me about . - Hi , honey , I 'm home . - Supper , sir , and tonight 's movie . I 'm sorry , sir , it is another Doug McClure . - What 's this ? - Sir ? Raw carrot ? Kryten , you know how I feel about fresh vegetables . They 're for health psychos , vitamin freaks , people ... who exercise . I 'm sorry , sir . - Is everything OK , sir ? - No , it 's not . Some smegger 's filled in this " Have you got a good memory ? " quiz . That was you , sir , last week . - Was it ? - Mmm . Look . Nobody else spells " Thursday " with an " F " . I can 't help it . I went to art college . - How 's supper , Listy ? - Delicious . We had king prawn left ? I hate to go all technical , but swirly thing alert ! - Where ? - It 's not on the radar , but I smell it . - Nothing here . - Nothing on long range . Is it possible you could have made a mis-smelling ? Listen , butter pat head , my nostril hairs are vibrating faster than the springs on a Spaniard 's honeymoon bed ! - I 'm telling you , something 's out there ! - No one 's questioning your nasal integrity . - Go to Blue Alert . - There 's no one to alert . We 're all here . I would feel more comfortable if we 're all on our toes in a Blue Alert situation . - We all ARE on our toes . - What about Space Core Directive 34124 ? 34124 - " No officer with false teeth should attempt oral sex in zero gravity . " Damn you both ! I want to go to Blue Alert ! OK , OK . Thank you . A bit of professionalism . Wait ! I 've got something . Too small for a vessel . A missile ? Whatever it is , they clearly have technology way in advance of our own . So do the Albanian State Washing Machine Company . - Step up to Red Alert ! - Are you sure ? It does mean changing the bulb . There 's always some excuse , isn 't there ? Range 15,000 gigooks and closing . - Collisión course . Suggest evasive action . - Engaging re-heat . It 's still with us ! It 's some kind of heat-seeker ! That 's it . We 're deader than tank tops . Suggestions ? Sir , I recommend I load myself into the reverse-thrust tubes and you use me as decoy fodder . This will leave me splattered across space and unable to complete today 's laundry , for which I apologise in advance . Stop blathering and get in the tube . Kryten , sit down . I 'm not doing me own smeggin ' ironing . Maybe we can reason with it . Open communication channels , Lister . Broadcast on all known frequencies , and in all known languages , including Welsh . This is acting senior officer Arnold J Rimmer of the Jupiter Mining Corporation transport vehicle Starbug . Now hear this , ' cause it 's only coming once . We surrender , totally and without condition . Thank you for listening . Oh , additional . Sorry to take up your valuable time . Thank you . Bye . Bye . Sorry . Thank you . Bye . Rimmer , you 've got a longer yellow streak than a stampede of diuretic camels . Know this about me - like General George S Patton , I believe in reincarnation . It is my conviction that in all my previous lives I 've been a soldier , a bold warrior soul , who in this incarnation has been given the body of an abject coward . So excuse me while I have a humiliating panic attack under the scanner table . - Here it comes ! - Five gigooks to impact . Hang on to your wage packets ! The controls are down ! - What on Io was that ? - A suction beam . We 're being dragged down . - Fire up the retros . - Dead . - Auxiliary power ? - Dead . - Joystick ? - Dead . The entire panel 's deader than flares with pockets in the knees ! I 've located the beam 's source . - What have we got ? - We were snared by a malfunctioning guidance beam designed to help docking supply ships . - We 've shut it down and can leave . - Anyone around ? - No life signs . - The ident computer is stubborn . All I could get was something about classified military research . Wouldn 't give details , but the physicists involved - Heideger , Davro , Holder , Quayle - the most brilliant minds of the 23rd century . Whatever they were cooking up must have been pretty special . - Anything to salvage ? - There must be something . Well , gentlemen , our strategy is clear . Let 's tool up and go shopping . - What ? Anything ? - I 'm not sure . Something . It 's almost off my nasal spectrum . Strange . A life reading . Why didn 't it register before ? Welcome , friends . It has been many centuries since I last had visitors . You , of course , are Kryten . And you are Rimmer , the hologram . May I ? Now then ... Yes , of course . Primitive . So basic . You 'd better have a mighty damn fine explanation , m 'laddio . Forgive me . I converted your projection unit from soft light to hard light . Hard light ? I 've got a body ? I can touch ? Feel ? Puncture repair kit on standby , sir . - But how ? - I created the hard light drive years ago . My mind is not all that it once was . - You are Lister . - How come you know who we are ? - You are in pain . Here . - Just a bit of Bangalore belly . No . It is something more serious . May I ? OK . Your appendix . As I thought , you were on the verge of peritonitis . Cheers , man . - And you are the Cat . - You come near me , you 'll be wearing them bowels as a bobble hat . You 're all tired and in need of nourishment . Come , let us dine . - What is your name ? - Call me ... Legion . Please , make yourselves comfortable . Legion , these statues , you sculpted them yourself ? Years ago . I was a different person . According to my connoisseur chip , they fulfil all ten requirements for being masterpieces . - You have a connoisseur chip ? - Looking like Herman Munster 's stunt man doesn 't mean I can 't appreciate art . - I shall return with the feast . - Can I eat ? I mean , in this body ? Mr Rimmer , you can do anything a human can do , plus you are practically indestructible . - I can 't be hurt ? ! - Your pain responses remain the same , but you cannot come to harm . Excuse me . His cellular structure is unique - part living tissue , part mechanical . He 's got to come with us . He 'd get us to Earth in weeks ! What a team we 'd make . Legion , with his scientific genius , intellect and culture , and us with ... with ... With our Red Alert bulb . Let 's head for Real Street here . This Johnny won 't come with us . He 'd never fit in . Can you see him playing " pin the pointy stick on the weather girl " ? True , but once he 's signed up and we 're off , it 'll be too late . We have to pretend we 're not the uncouth morons you are . Here is the feast . It is a traditional 24th-century Mamosian banquet . How absolutely divine , Legion . Although I must say , our souls are already gorged with the feast of art on your walls . Are you interested in art , Mr Rimmer ? Many 's the night we while away the wee hours contemplating a Caravaggio 's themes and form . The pointy-stick game doesn 't get a look-in . Marvellous ! Now , this three-dimensional sculpture in particular is quite exquisite . Its simplicity , its bold , stark lines . - What do you call it ? - The light switch . - The light switch . - Yes . - I couldn 't buy it , then ? - Not really . I need it to turn the lights on and off . It 's a pity , because in many ways it could be considered a masterpiece . Kryten , please join us . Mamosian cuisine is quite acceptable for mechanoids . Indeed . It has long been a dream of mine to sample its unique flavours . Let the meal begin . I 'm sorry . Of course . Not all of you can use Mamosian anti-matter chopsticks . I 'm fully versed , Legion . I 'm programmed to be proficient in all off-worid eating techniques , including Jovian boogle hoops , and the often-lethal Mercurian boomerang spoon . - But the others ... - Anti-matter chopsticks ? - We use ' em all the time . - Can 't remember what a fork looks like . Don 't let custard stains down Lister 's long johns delude you into thinking we 're not sophisticated . The trick is , of course , to never , ever , under any circumstances , to allow live sticks to touch . But , of course , we all know that . - Well , bon appetite . Tuck in , Listy . - No , no . After you , man . Wouldn 't hear of it . Sir , keep the electron flow in the same direction . How do you land the damn stuff ? Simply invert the ionic phase in the downpulse . I was with you up to " simply " . Like so . Sir , the glass is fixed . It 's Mamosian telekinetic wine . - How do you drink it ? - Simply will it into your mouth , then you telepathically decide on its flavour . Thusly ... Ah ! Delicious . Kryten , help me ! - Cat , that 's mine ! - I can 't help it , bud ! - We 've crossed wavelengths ! - You 're pulling my teeth out ! - Try swallowing it ! - I have ! Three times ! My friends , you are trying to impress me . There 's no need . Legion , may I be frank ? It 's not often we meet an individual who could improve our already top-notch team . But in you , we feel we have . In our travels , we 've met precisely 31 individuals , and we 've never felt moved to invite one to join our crew . True , most of them wanted to suck out our brains or erase us from history altogether . Nevertheless , they still weren 't what we would consider the right stuff . You are different . We feel that you , like us , have the courage and the dignity to make it as a Dwarfer . Sir ! Don 't cross the chopsticks ! Mr Rimmer , I am moved by the eloquence of your invitation , but it is quite impossible for me to leave the institute . - It was Lister , wasn 't it ? He put you off . - Nothing can change your mind ? - Absolutely . - Then we must bid you farewell . - We have a long journey ahead . - Nonsense . You have no journey , my friends . I insist you stay with me as my honoured guests , from now until the day you die . Thirty-two . - This will be your cell , Dave . - My cell . You really are a nutter , aren 't you ? Sugar Puff sandwiches , me favourite ? Nothing here isn 't to your liking . The entire room is stocked for your own unique personal requirements . Two dozen eight-packs and a spare pair of sneakers in the icebox . - Faultless . Not an inch wasted . - All your favourite music and movies . Absolutely no Doug McClure . - You will want for nothing . - Nothing ? What about company ? People ? There is a cyberpark here . You may go to any time period and indulge any fantasy you wish with any persons you desire . And that 's in some way supposed to make me happy ? S - Sorry , run that by me one more time ? You will meet your companions in the morning . Now , you must excuse me . They are falling asleep . I must go . Amazing . Doesn 't even need tuning . - Good morning , sir . - What does he want ? Why is he obsessed with fulfilling our desires ? We 're all baffled , sir . Was your room also perfect in every detail ? Impeccable . Right down to the overstarched pyjamas and nocturnal boxing gloves . - What about you ? - Filthy walls , muddy floors , mop ... I was in hog 's heaven , sir ! When I write my " Good Psycho Guide " , this place 'll get raves . Accommodation , excellent . Food , first-class . Resident nutter , courteous and considerate . Psycho rating 's gotta be four and a half chainsaws . Sirs , we must not be seduced . However munificent our captor , we are still prisoners . Every second , we lose more ground on Red Dwarf . You 're right , Kryt . Cat , caviar niblet . Buck 's Fizz . How do we get out of this hellhole ? Why is he so keen on keeping us happy ? - Could our well-being be linked to his own ? - Like he 's feeding off our emotions ? When we arrived , the scans recorded no life signs . Could our very presence here have inadvertently awoken him ? Wait . I think I 've got a way of getting out of here . Who 's seen " Revenge of the Surfboarding Killer Bikini Vampire Giris " ? That one slipped us by , sir . Well , in one scene , the female journalist who wore glasses and a tight sweater was trapped in the surfboarding killer bikini vampire girls ' lair and came up with this truly award-winning escape plan . Ah , Legion . We have considered our position and decided to make a new life here with you . You believed I 'd be deceived by that schlock plan from " Revenge of the Surfboarding Killer Bikini Vampire Giris " ? ! I just want you to be happy . Now look what you made me do . - What the hell are you , buddy ? - Kryten knows . - I do ? - You suspect the truth . You are a gestalt entity , a combination of individuals melded together to form one ? My name is Legion , for we are many . What ? You 're us ? All four of us ? Our combined minds and personalities , blended together ? Oh , much more than that , exponentially more . The whole becomes far greater than the sum of its parts . So we can 't leave because you 're us ? If we leave , you cease to be . Without you , my friends , I am quite literally nothing . So if he 's us , he can 't hurt us , right ? - Wrong . - But this is insane . Our pain is your pain . Kryten , you forget . Not only do I possess your combined intellects , I also share the sum of your malice and rage and anger , magnified many times . I 'm capable of quite insanely irrational behaviour . Watch . The next hint of insurrection , and the scalpel ends up ... here . That kind of tough talk doesn 't scare us . Yes , it does ! But what about the sculptures and the technology ? - Where does that come from ? - My first incarnation . I was host to Earth 's five most brilliant minds . They were studying collective intelligence . I was the product of that research . Heideger , Quayle and the others ? Your mind must have been extraordinary ! But all too soon , old age began to kill them , and as each one died , I became less , until I was nothing , just a mindless essence , swirling around the remnants of my achievements , waiting to exist again . - One thing still baffles me . - What 's that ? - Everything . - Sir , permissión to test a supposition ... - Granted . - Trust me , sir . - What 's going down here ? - The gestalt requires our consciousness . As each of us becomes unconscious , his power diminishes . Permissión to lay you out ? - Just don 't mess up my hair . - Thank you . Kryten , there has to be a more effective plan . - Sir , come back . - I 'm allergic to being hit . You won 't feel a thing . I 'll render you unconscious using the Ionian nerve grip . That 's smashing me over the head with a vase ! There 's no such thing as an Ionian nerve grip . Now stand still ! Your hard light drive 's tougher than vindalooed mutton ! - This 'll do the trick . - You can 't be serious ? ! Harder ! Harder ! Harder ! Stop ! Stop ! For God 's sake ! If you want a job doing properly , do it yourself ! Stop ! Stop , Kryten ! Clearly , I 'm a hard light hologram and as such un-knockoutable . - I think you 're right , sir . - Kryten ! - I thought that if I took you unawares ... - Kryten ! I 'm trying to think , you rubber-headed eunuch ! - Right , got it . Turn off my light bee . - I can 't penetrate hard light . You 'll have to extract it yourself . - Now we are even . - I am merely you . Stalemate . Not so . Since your psyche is all mine , you are now incapable of malice . And because a human life takes precedence , you are compelled to assist our safe passage to Starbug . While the others remain unconscious , your logic is impeccable . - You take Cat , I 'll take Mr Lister . - In many ways , I 'm relieved . To have shared their psyches , neuroses and strange drives , returning to a state of non-existence seems like promotion . One last thing , in your original incarnation , composed of those great minds , did you develop anything which might help us pursue Red Dwarf ? Here we go . Initiating ignition sequence . - Is this gonna work ? - I don 't see why not . It is indeed a fully functional stardrive . If we 've linked it correctly to the engines , we 'll catch up with Red Dwarf in nanoseconds ! - But it 's bound to go wrong . - Sir ? - It always does , every time . - He 's right ! There isn 't a dog in hell 's chance this will work . Sirs , haven 't we learned that if we all pull together , we are greater than the sum of our parts , that there are no boundaries to what we can achieve ? This stardrive is going work . Do we believe ? - We believe . - Do we believe ? We believe ! - Well , we know one thing , sir ! - What 's that ? It does work ! # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
