 ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) S04-E03 - Justice How are you feeling , Mr Lister ? ( WEARILY ) Oh , much better , thanks , Kryten . - Much , much better . - Well , you certainly look far better . I can 't believe how much the swelling 's gone down overnight . - Do you reckon ? - Definitely . It was interfering with the ceiling fan yesterday afternoon . You 're nearly your old self . You can hardly tell you 've got space mumps . - When can I have a mirror ? - I don 't think we 're quite ready yet , sir . Let 's take it one step at a time . Oh , what did I tell you ? It 's gone down eight inches overnight . You 'll be up in no time . I don 't know what I 'd have done without you . You 're like Florence Nightingdroid . - Did you bring my breakfast ? - Yes , sir . Hot lager with croutons . You certainly find out who your mates are when you 've got an unsightly ailment . - I wouldn 't say unsightly , sir . - Get outta town , Kryten . My head 's like a hot-air balloon . I 'm a human light bulb . And how many times have they dropped by with a word of comfort or a bunch of grapes ? It 's not been possible . Mr Rimmer has been on vacation . Vacation ? The world 's most charismatic man ? Where did he go ? On a rambling holiday through the diesel decks . A ten-day hike through the ship 's engines with two of the skutters . - He said he 'd pop by to show you the slides . - He didn 't ? He 's been loading the projection carousel for 24 hours now . You 've got to stop him ! A slide show of the diesel decks - that could finish me off . But I thought the Cat would drop in . Well , he 's been preoccupied with this pod business . Oh , screw down my diodes ! I wasn 't supposed to mention that . - What pod ? - You 're not well . Forget I mentioned it . Come on , Kryten . What pod ? Yesterday evening , we came across an escape pod floating in the local asteroid belt . It contains the survivor of some space crash , apparently cryogenically frozen . - Oh , yeah ? - She 's in a suitable condition for revival . - She ? - As far as we can tell , she 's a she . That 's just great , isn 't it ? That 's just typical . The first female company in three million years , and I look like I belong up a whale 's nose . - Smeg ! - You can 't get up , sir ! What are you doing ? What do you think I 'm doing ? I 'm on the cop . - Who is she , Hol ? - It says on the pod Barbra Bellini . Barbra Bellini . What a beautiful name . There 's no justice . How could this happen to me ? I could wear a turban and pretend I 'm from India . You could wear a spike and pretend you 're the Taj Mahal . Oh , it 's you . Well , thanks for visiting me . Thanks a lot . You know what you look like ? It 's nauseating . You could double-date with the Elephant Man and he would be the looker . Why isn 't it activated ? No one 's started the thaw process . - I thought Alphabet-Head did it . - So , where 's she from ? Who cares ? At last ... a date . - Who says she 'll be interested in you ? - I get it . All this time alone has driven her insane . No . Say she just doesn 't go for your type ? I 'd have seen her in " Ripley 's Believe It Or Not " . - Say she 's interested in somebody else ? - Like who ? I dunno . Like ... Like me ? Your head 's like a watermelon . What you gonna do ? Paint it yellow and black and say you play with the Bengals ? You 're a bit cocky for a guy who 's never met a woman before . I 've seen mirrors . I have eyes . Face it , buddy , my body makes men wet . Have you ever heard of the Iranian jerd ? It can do 150 pelvic thrusts a second . - So ? - That 's me in slo-mo . Put a Black Decker drill on the end , I can make it through walls , boy ! Listy , what are you doing up ? Shouldn 't you be in the greenhouse with the rest of the cantaloupes ? - Who started the RP ? - He did . You simple-minded gimboid . I said to leave this to me . Look , she 's in there . Let 's get her out . The problem , Pussycat Willum , is this capsule was ejected from a prison ship on which the convicts mutinied . There was a battle with only two survivors : one prisoner , one guard - Ms Bellini . One of those two got in this pod and escaped . But , of course , you 'll know this , having studied the black box recording . - If it 's not Bellini in there , who is it ? - One of the prisoners . And considering that ship was transporting 40 psychotic , mass-murdering , super-strong androids , we thought we 'd see who was in there first . With respect , sir , they 're not androids . - They 're simulants . - What 's the difference ? An android would never rip off a human 's head and spit down his neck . - Can we stop it , Hol ? - What ? Oh , no . One-way process . - Can 't we X-ray the pod ? - No . Lead lining . Has to survive in space . - There must be some way of finding out . - There is . Just hang around here for 24 hours . Then , if you find your limbs scattered around deep space , it probably wasn 't Babs . Why not tool up with bazookoids , wait for the pod to open , and if it 's some bad-ass android dude , let it eat laser ? Simulants are almost indestructible , sir . It could withstand bazookoid fire at close range with only minimal damage . It would be able to make balloon animals out of your intestines . I see no other option . Let 's blast it back into space . Hang on ! Say it isn 't the simulant ? You can 't shoot an innocent woman into space . What a dilemma ! Inside this pod is either death or a date . Personally , I 'm prepared to take the risk . Meanwhile , the pod is defrosting , and we haven 't decided what to do . Holly , any ideas ? Right . The black box contains the coordinates of the penal colony the ship was heading for . - So ? - There 's bound to be facilities there to contain any hostile life form . If it 's Bellini , we release her . If it 's the simulant , we leave him to rot . If the colony 's still there and still operational . There 's an old android saying which has particular relevance here . " If you don 't gosub a program loop , you 'll never get a subroutine . " We have a saying that 's similar : " Nothing ventured , nothing gained . " I think the android one is punchier . - Do you have to sit here ? - It 's warmer . It helps my gunge . Your head 's getting in the way of the mirror . In fact , it 's getting in the way of the windscreen . Next ! Ah , now , this one ... We reached this beauty on the fourth day . The Cameron Mackintosh 40-valve air-cooled diesel . The 184 . Almost identical to the 179 , but have you noticed the difference ? See the refinement in the funnel edges ? We 'd never get another chance to see it , so we bivouacked down for the night . There 's a funny story about that , but we won 't get to the class fives unless we push along . Next ! - Ah ! Another favourite . - Sir , can we take a break ? My intelligence circuits have melted . We won 't get through them all if we do . That 's a gamble I 'm willing to take . Now , the class 40s , the first twin ... ( SQUELCH ) Oh , my God ! His head burst ! That 's better . That is so much better . I feel good ! Talk about a weight off your mind . I don 't want to live ! Someone , please ... shoot me in the head ! - ( LISTER ) Anything down there , Hol ? - No life forms according to the heat scan . - Any mechanical intelligence ? - Yes , the mainframe 's still operational . Just initiating interface ... Hang about . Here we go . Getting a message . ( DEEP V0ICE ) Welcome to Justice World . Please state your clearance code and prison officer ident . We 're not a prison ship . We just want to use your facilities . - State life form inventory . - Four . One hologram , one mechanoid , two humanoid . - Transfer ship navicomp to my jurisdiction . - OK , guys . 0n landing , proceed through the neutral area to the clearance zone . Until you are granted a clearance code , please observe all security requirements . Your party will be met by a consignment of escort boots . Please step into the boots . I 'm supposed to wear these ? ! These look like Frankenstein 's hand-me-downs . Haven 't you got anything with a Cuban heel or crepe sole ? - I can 't wear these . I 'm a hologram . - That has been accounted for . ( BOOTS WHIRR ) Now what ? ( ELECTRONIC PULSE ) - Oh , God ! What 's this ? - Relax , sir . It 's just a mind probe . - What 's a mind probe ? - The computer was searching our minds , presumably for any evidence of criminal activity . What do you mean , " criminal activity " ? Don 't worry . It 's just a routine clearance procedure . Yeah , but when you say " criminal activity " , what do you mean ? - How criminal is " criminal " ? - What are you bleating on about ? Just define " criminal activity " for me . If someone had committed a crime and concealed it from the law , the mind probe could uncover that crime and sentence that person accordingly . Why did no one tell me this ? Oh , Listy , Listy . Is that a small sewage plant you 're carrying in your trousers ... .. or are you a tad concerned ? Well , come on , guys . Everyone 's done something that 's a little bit illegal . - I haven 't . Not even a parking ticket . - Oh , smeggin ' hell ! - What did you do ? - Well , scrumping . - When I was a kid , we always went scrumping . - Stealing apples ? That 's hardly a crime . Yeah , but me and me mates , we went scrumping for cars . - Did you get caught ? - All the time . Well , then , you 've served your punishment . There were things that I didn 't get caught for . - Like what ? - One time at this hotel ... Lots of people take towels from hotels . I took the bed . Winched it out the window . I was renting this flat . It was unfurnished . - You went to a hotel and stole the bed ? ! - Stole the entire room . Absolutely despicable . You 're a common thief . I 'm not making excuses , but everyone was doing it . I couldn 't go against the flow . - I would not like to be in your boots . - What 's going to happen to me ? Don 't worry , sir . I 'm sure they 're not interested in some minor misdemeanour you committed over three million years ago . - Seriously , you reckon ? - Boy , I 'm really getting the hang of lying . That was totally convincing , wasn 't it ? ( B00MING V0ICE ) The mechanoid Kryten - clearance granted . You may go freely about the complex . The creature known as Cat - clearance granted . Hey , I hear they do good bread and water here . The human known as Lister - despite a number of petty criminal acts - clearance granted . The hologram known as Rimmer - guilty of second-degree murder , 1,167 counts . No . There 's some mistake , surely ? Each count carries a statutory penalty of eight years 'penal servitude . In the light of your hologrammatic status , these sentences are to be served consecutively , making a total sentence of 9,328 years . I 've never even returned a library book late . Second-degree murder ? 1,000 people ? I would have remembered ! Your wilful negligence in failing to reseal a drive plate resulted in the deaths of the entire crew of the Jupiter Mining Corporation vessel the Red Dwarf . Oh , that . Sentence to commence immediately . You are now leaving the neutral area and entering the Justice Zone . Beyond this point , it is impossible to commit any act of injustice . Help ! Hi , killer . - Nine thousand years . Nine ! - I brought you a book . Oh , thanks . That 'll help the centuries fly past . Don 't panic . We 'll get you out of here . I 'll be up for parole in a few ice ages . Kryten 's appealing . He 's putting a case together . This isn 't a bad prison . How come there are no locks or guards ? There doesn 't need to be . The whole prison is covered by something called the Justice Field . I had to sit through this lecture . Apparently , it 's physically impossible to commit any sort of crime here . - What do you mean ? - Try . You 'll see . - Like what ? - I don 't know . Anything . Arson . Set fire to those sheets . - OK . - Go on . Try it . Whatever crime you try and commit , the consequences happen to you . Smeggin ' hell ! Nice example , Rimmer ! Nice example ! You could have explained that to me verbally . Same with stealing . Same with everything . Right . So if you nick something , something of yours goes missing ? Right . Try it . - No . - You see ? It 's the perfect system . It forces inmates to obey the law . Once they 're out , it 's second nature . Good news . The justice computer has sanctioned a retrial . I think we have a very strong case . You do ? It 's a question of differentiating between guilt and culpability , sir . The mind probe detected your own sense of guilt about the accident . In a way , you tried and convicted yourself . I simply have to establish you 're a neurotic , under-achieving emotional retard whose ambition far outstrips his miniscule ability and consequently blames himself for an accident for which he couldn 't have been responsible . You 're going to prove that I was innocent on the grounds that I 'm a halfwit ? Man , there ain 't a jury in the land that won 't buy that . Not a halfwit , exactly ... more a buffoon . How would you build a case ? Where would you find evidence ? Sir , providing I have free access to your data files , I think I can come up with a winning case by ... lunchtime . ( KRYTEN ) The mind probe was created to detect guilt , yet in the case of Arnold Judas Rimmer , the guilt it detected attaches to no crime . He held a position of little importance on Red Dwarf . He was a lowly grease monkey , a zero , a nothing , a piece of sputum in the toilet bowl of life . Yet he never came to terms with a lifetime of underachievement . His absurdly inflated ego would never permit it . He 's like the security guard on the front gate who considers himself head of the corporation . So when the crew were wiped out by a nuclear accident , Arnold Rimmer accepted the blame . It was his ship , ergo his fault . I ask the court - look at this man , this man who sat and failed his astronavigation exam on 13 occasions . This sad man , this pathetic man , this joke of a man ... Kryten . You 're going over the top . Trust me . My whole case hinges on proving you 're a dork . Understood . I call my first witness . - Name ? - Dave Lister . Occupation ? Bum . Would you describe the accused as a friend ? - Take the Fifth ! - Please answer the question . You are under polygraphic surveillance . Would you describe the accused as a friend ? No , I 'd describe the accused as a git . Who , then , thinks of him most fondly ? I do . Have no others shared moments of intimacy with him ? Only one , but she 's got a puncture . Objection ! - ( C0MPUTER ) 0verruled . - So he 's not a man with a good social life ? No . He partied less than Rudolf Hess . He was totally dedicated to his career . He was in charge of Z shift . It occupied his every waking moment . And what was Z shift 's most important duty ? Well , we had a lot of duties , but I suppose our most vital responsibility was making sure the vending machines didn 't run out of fun-size Crunchie bars . Can you envisage a situation where the lack of honeycomb-centred chocolate bars might be the direct cause of a lethal radiation leak ? Not off the top of my head . You may sit down . I ask the court one key question - would the Space Corps have allowed this man to be in a position where he might endanger the entire crew ? A man so petty and small-minded , he would while away his evenings sewing name labels onto his ship-issue condoms . - A man of such awesome stupidity ... - Objection ! - 0bjection overruled . - A man of such awesome stupidity , he even objects to his own defence counsel . An over-zealous , trumped up little squirt ... - Objection ! - 0verruled . An incompetent vending machine repairman with a Napoleon complex who commanded as much respect and affection from shipmates as Long John Silver 's parrot . Objection ! If you object to your own counsel once more , Mr Rimmer , you 'll be in contempt . Who would let this man , this joke of a man , a man who couldn 't outwit a used tea bag , be in a position where he might endanger the entire crew ? Who ? Only a yogurt . This man is not guilty of manslaughter . He is only guilty of being Arnold J Rimmer . That is his crime . It is also his punishment . The defence rests . The verdict will now be passed . In view of your counsel 's eloquent defence , together with the reams of material evidence submitted , this court accepts that , in your case , the mind probe is not an adequate method of ascertaining guilt . It is not possible for you to have committed those crimes , and you may therefore go free . - Objection ! - Sir , what are you objecting to now ? I want an apology . Brilliant , Kryten ! What can I say ? You were brilliant . You even had me believing it . The way you twisted the facts to fit this pattern . Let 's go . I don 't know why we came to this hellhole in the first place . - I do . - Hmm ... Can I smell perfume ? - ( GROWLS ) I doubt it . - Are you by any chance Barbra Bellini ? I didn 't think so ! What 's going on ? ! To think I caressed his pod ! You are now entering the Justice Zone . Beyond this point , it is impossible to commit any act of injustice . You are now entering the Justice Zone . Beyond this point , it is impossible to commit any act of injustice . Hey , my friends ... I don 't want any trouble . I just want your spacecraft . Give me the start-up code . Look . I have no weapon . What are you waiting for ? Gloop him . I can 't . He 's not armed . Lister , this is not a Scout meeting . Gloop him . - What ? In the back ? - Of course . It 's only a pity he 's awake . You could kill him if he was asleep ? I could kill him if he was on the job . Gloop him . It 's immoral . Come on , my friends . You wouldn 't shoot an unarmed droid . Come out and let 's discuss it . I 'm going to talk to him . You wanna talk ? Let 's talk . - You have no weapons ? - No . You have no weapon ? No . Guess what . I lied . Guess what . So did I. But I lied ... twice . - I didn 't think of that . - I 'm glad you didn 't . - What do you want to talk about ? - Your death . Your imminent death . What the smeg is going on ? ! ( BUZZING ) - Yo , matey . Hit me on the head with this . - Malfunction . Does not compute . Mal ... function . Mal ... function . ( CROAKS ) I got him , buddy ! Leave this to me ! Cat , no ! No ! Better late than never . ( LAUGHS ) Makes you think . Mankind 's history has been one long search for justice . That 's what all religions are about . They accept life as being basically unfair , but promise everyone will get their just deserts - heaven , hell , karma , whatever . That penal colony tried to bring some order to the universe with the Justice Field , but in an environment where justice does exist , you have no free will . That 's why there can never be true justice . Good things happen to bad people and bad things happen to good people . Life has to be cruel , unkind and unfaaaaaair ... ! Thank God for that . # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
