 .. so there we were at 2.30am. I was wishing I 'd never come to cadet training school . To the south lay water . We couldn 't cross that . East and west , two armies squeezed us in a pincer . The only way was north . I had to go for it and pray the gods were smiling on me . I picked up the dice and threw two sixes . Caldicott couldn 't believe it . My go again . Another two sixes ! Rimmer , don 't you realise that no one is slightly interested in anything you say ? You 've got this psychological defect which blinds you to the fact that you 're boring people to death . How come you can 't sense that ? Anyway , I picked up the dice again ... Unbelievable ! Another two sixes ! Rimmer ! No one wants to know some stupid story about how you beat your cadet school training officer at " Risk " . Then disaster ! I threw a two and a three . Caldicott threw snake eyes . I was still in it ! - Cat , can you talk to him ? - What ? Anyway , to cut a long story short , I threw a five and a four , another double six , followed by a double five , then a six and a three . This guy could bore for his country . How can you remember what dice you threw in a game you played when you were 17 ? I jotted it down in my " Risk " campaign book . I always did that so I could replay my moments of glory over a glass of brandy in the sleeping quarters . - What better way to spend a Saturday night ? - You got me . So , he came back with a three and a two ... Rimmer , can 't you tell the story is not gripping me ? I 'm in a state of non-grippedness . I am completely smegging ungripped . Shut the smeg up ! Don 't you want to hear the " Risk " story ? That 's what I 've been saying for 15 minutes . I haven 't got to the really interesting bit . - What really interesting bit ? - Ah , well , that was about two hours later , after I 'd thrown a four and a one . - I picked up the dice ... - Hang on . - This is the same as the dull bit . - You don 't know what I did with the dice . I could have jammed them up his nostrils and they could have blasted out of his ears . - That would 've been interesting . - OK . What did you do with the dice ? I threw a five and a two . - And that 's the really interesting bit ? - Well , it got me into Irkutsk . Hmm ... Curious . Extraordinary ! What a truly copasetic piece of machinery . - What is it ? - It appears to be a device that converts an individual into digital information and then transmits him as light beams to another point in space . Essentially , it 's a matter ... transporter . It 's pretty neat ... huh ? - Where 'd you get it ? - It must be a prototype . I found it in the research labs on Z Deck . I cobbled together the missing circuitry and it appears to be fully functional . Theoretically , it can transport several people at once . Would you like to grip a paddle , sir ? We 'll meet you by the navicomp in Starbug . Let 's go . I 'm sorry about that , sir . I neglected to engage the depth function . We 'll walk , Kryten . We 'll walk . So , besides cutting down on shoe leather , what good is it ? Exploration . It can take you anywhere . It homes in on atmosphere-bearing planets within a range of 500,000 light years . If there are life forms nearby , this 'll take you straight to ' em . Are there planets with an atmosphere in range ? Several , according to the paddle 's scanners , but the most interesting prospect appears to be 200,000 light years away . It would take Starbug several billion years to reach it . It wouldn 't be so bad . Rimmer could finish his " Risk " story . Travelling sub-space via the paddle , we would reach it almost instantaneously . - What are we waiting for ? - Hey , hey ! - Nobody 's rearranging MY molecules . - It 's perfectly safe , sir , but I suggest that Mr Rimmer and I form a scout party . What ? ! If the atmosphere isn 't breathable , we won 't be affected . If it is , we send the paddle to pick you up . The thing is , I 'd love to be in the scout party , facing all those thrilling unknown dangers with you , fighting a frontiersman 's path of discovery , but you 're forgetting one thing . No , sir . I 've taken your congenital cowardice into consideration . I 'm a hologram . I can 't touch the thing . Well , you do have a small physical presence . Precisely . - Holly , give me Mr Rimmer 's light-bee . - Wait a minute ... - Where am I ? - This is Rimmer ? Yeah , it buzzes around inside him and projects his image . My God ! That was disgusting ! Please , sir , that 's a sophisticated piece of hardware . - Really ? Anyone fancy a game of squash ? - Sir ! Thank you . Now , if all goes well , the paddle will rematerialise here . Press this key and you 'll be transported to the planet , a safe distance from us . - What is this place ? - I can 't pinpoint our location precisely , but the atmosphere is indeed breathable . I 'll return the paddle . - What now ? - I suggest we run , sir . I suggest we ambulate as fast as the local gravity will allow . - Why ? - Because of them , sir . Sir ? Must be safe . Let 's go . This will be ze final push , mein Kamerads , Their resources are poor . Their vill is veek ! We can crush zem . We can grind zem into ze dirt ! We can chew up their bodies and spit zem out as if zey are sauerkraut ! Intruders ! Seize zem ! So long ... .. suckers ! Dummkopfs ! Arrest zem ! - Get us out of here ! - Don 't panic me ! I 'm doing my best ! - Where are we ? - Don 't know . Stone . We 're in some sort of narrow stone passageway . - So what do we do ? - I can see daylight . We 'll just stay here till we work out where we are . At least we 're out of trouble . Who were those guys ? The short one with the stupid tash was Hitler . The jerky one with the child molester glasses was Goebbels . The fat bastard must have been Goering . He was a cocaine addict and a transvestite . If things had worked out different , he had the makings of a movie star . Hands up , pig dogs ! - I 've just worked out were we are . - Get ze machine ! You seriously telling me he 's a transvestite ? - Yeah . - With those hips ? ! - I think we 've lost them . - I can 't believe how feeble they were . I 've seen more convincing dinosaurs inside a packet of Wheaty Flakes . There 's something wrong here . Reach for the sky , boys ! Thank you very much . Thank you . Lets take it-a nice and easy or I splash-a your guts around like communion wine . - OK , get moving . Thank you very much . - Which way ? Thataway . - What do you think they 'll do ? - Whatever it takes to understand the paddle . Hey , if you mean torture , then say the word " torture " . - I can take it . - OK . They may torture us . - Torture us ! - They probably won 't , man . They 're probably not interested in the paddle . They 'll probably just execute us . You 're just saying that to make me feel better . Those guys are fiends . They instantly know your weak spots . They only have to force me into platform shoes and flared trousers , and I 'll sing like Tweety Pie . Dunno what the smeg went wrong . Kryten never mentioned travelling back in time . It was just supposed to find a breathable atmosphere . How did we wind up in the Third Reich ? What are those guys doing out there ? - Building something . - What ? Oh , nothing . Nothing . Just a sculpture , you know . A modern art job . - The kind you get in shopping malls . - What 's it made of ? Wood . It 's a sort of inverted L shape in wood . Does it have a kind of rope motif ? There 's a sort of noosey theme to it , yeah . It 's gallows , right ? Look , if it 's gallows , say it 's gallows . - I can take it . - OK , it 's gallows . They 're gonna hang us ! Look , man , don 't panic . We 're gonna escape . - How ? - Just ... Hijack the guards , nick their uniforms and stroll out . Are you insane ? You seriously expect me to wear grey out of season ? - I 'd rather hang . - Hang on ! Hang on ! Something 's happening . Some kind of parade or drill , but ... - But what ? - Hang on . These guys aren 't Nazis . They 're all wearing different period costumes . There 's one looks like Al Capone . There 's another like Mussolini . Richard III , Napoleon ... Smeg ! It 's like all the worst people in history brought together in one place . Oh , my God ! There 's James Last ! I recognise him from Rimmer 's record collection . - What are they doing ? - Just lining up ... some kind of firing squad . Whoa ! Hang on ! Someone 's being brought out . They 're tying him to a stake . It 's Winnie the Pooh . - What ? - Winnie the Pooh , I swear ! He 's refusing the blindfold . They 're tying Winnie the Pooh to the stake ? That 's something no one should ever have to see ! My God , sirs ! You may break our bones , but you will never break our spirits ! Good day , good sirs . The name 's Lincoln . Abraham Lincoln . We have to face facts - the war is lost . What are we gonna do ? I don 't know . I still feel there 's a solution probably involving triangles . Pythagoras , what is it with you ? Always the triangles . Your solution to everything is triangles ! Some problems can 't be solved by triangles . Hey , we got us some prisoners . Anybody got a burger ? I haven 't eaten in five minutes . Thank you very much . - Could someone tell me what 's going on ? - These people aren 't waxdroids . - Waxdroids ? - Of course ! This whole place , the entire complex , is a colossal waxdroid theme park . See ? " Prehistoric World " - where we materialised . On either side , " Villain World " and " Hero World " . I thought waxdroids were programmed to repeat a sequence of routines over and over ? They must have broken their programming . Now they 're running amok . We 've been left here all alone for millions of years ... We learned to break our programs . And we 've been fighting this idiotic war ever since . - A war ? - Good versus evil , sugar . - Where 's the rest of your army ? - They 've all been killed ... All our best warriors are gone , man - John Wayne , Joan of Arc , Nelson , Wellington ... Hell , baby , even Doris Day . They 've all died in battle , man . And you 're all that 's left , a smattering of intellectuals , pacifists and celebrities ? We number less than 20 . If only we numbered 21 , then we could form an equilateral triangle . Will you shut up already with the triangles ? ! You 're driving me crazy ! Er , who do the enemy have ? The cream of evil - Hitler , Napoleon , Messalina , Caligula , the Boston Strangler , dozens of them . And we don 't even have a leader . We haven 't really got a chance ! My God , Kryten ! This is my destiny ! - I was born for this moment ! - I 'm not following you , sir . Across that valley lies an army of darkness such as mankind has never seen . The only thing between them and total victory is this pathetic pocket of resistance , without a leader , without a plan . Into this bleak arena steps a man - the man for the moment . - Oh . Who ? - Me ! Who do you think ? Pat Boone ? Gentlemen , ladies , assemble your troops for inspection at 1500 hours . Together with my valiant adjutant , Kryten , I 'm gonna turn you into the meanest fighting machine that ever graced a battlefield . Come on , Kryten . I don 't want to fight ! I might get killed ! .. and we 've been fighting the Wax War ever since . - What 's the point of this war ? - They want to melt us down , insert new programs and turn us into their own kind . That 's why we 're becoming so hopelessly outnumbered . - On your feet , pigs ! - Hey , buddy , we just ... Silence , scum ! Do you not bow in the presence of the Emperor Caligula ? - Who is this guy ? - He was a famous Roman emperor . He slept with his mother and sisters and ate his son . A little advice - we all feel peckish after making love , but most of us settle for pizza . You are an impudent fool ! - Don 't know who the other one is . - That 's Rasputin , the most despised man of his era . This machine , how does it work ? - I don 't know . If I did , I wouldn 't be here . - Very well . Rasputin , bring in the bucket of soapy frogs and remove his trousers ! It 's to do with travelling across sub-space . - Demonstrate . - Well , like I said , I don 't really know . Very well . Rasputin , bring hither the skin-diving suit with the bottom cut out and unleash the rampant wildebeest . Hang on ! I 'll try my best . Just give it here . - Ah ! You think I 'm insane ? - Shall we take a vote ? Silence , scum ! Shut up ! We 'll all hold on to it . Now ! Come on ! Let 's get out of here . Rasputin , I 'm very cross indeed ! Guards ! This way ! If we make good time , we 'll be back at HQ by sunset . What a challenge ! The greatest minds in military history against me ! - Let 's pray they 're up to it . - Is your sanity chip working , sir ? Have you any conception of what 's lining up for inspection ? I 'll soon shake them up . By God , I wish the lo Amateur Wargamers and Battle of Neasden Recreators Society could see me now . - They 'd choke on their pikestaffs . - Thank you very much , sir . Thank you . - As you were , Sergeant Presley . - Guys are awaiting inspection . Thank you . - Well done , Presley . - Uh-huh-huh . - After you , sir . - Kryten , let 's see what we 've got . - What 's your name , soldier ? - His name 's Gandhi , sir . Mahatma Ghandi . Well , get him out of that damn nappy and into a uniform . Have you no pride , man ? Don 't you want to win this war ? Don 't eyeball me , Ghandi . Get on the floor and give me 50 . Now ! Teresa , sir . Mother Teresa . Assisi , sir . St Francis of Assisi . There 's only two kinds from Assisi - steers and queers . Which are you , boy ? Moving hastily on , sir . - What 's he doing here ? - He was posted from the fiction section . The Dalai Lama . Mr Noel Coward , sir . - Delighted to meet you , dear boy . - Shut up . - Monsieur Jean-Paul Sartre , sir . - Who ? He 's a philosopher , sir , an existentialist . Well , Sartre , we don 't like existentialists around here , and we certainly don 't like French philosophers poncing around in polo necks , filling everyone 's heads with their theories about the bleakness of existence . Clear ? Well , you 're quite the worst bunch of famous historical waxdroids I 've ever had the misfortune to clap my eyes on ! You 're a total bloody shambles , and if we 're gonna win this war , someone is gonna have to turn you into soldiers ! And that someone , ladies and gentlemen , is me ! Over to you , Kryten . I 'm watching you , Gandhi . # We are tough and we are mean # Arnie Rimmer 's death machine # All we do is kill and slay # Don 't care if we get blown away # A-R-N-I-E # A-R-N-I-E # Arnie Rimmer 's Death machiiiiiine ! # Hey ! Hey ! # You 're driving them too hard , sir . - It 's my job to drive them hard . - Three of them have melted . Perhaps I 've been too tough , but it 's for their own good . - You 're killing them for their own good ? - Look , the enemy will try and kill them . They won 't need to . You 'll have wiped them out first . I know what I 'm doing , Kryten . We attack tomorrow under cover of daylight . - Daylight , sir ? - It 's the last thing they 'll expect , a daylight charge over the minefield . - The what-field ? ! - I 'll coordinate things from here . Now ... - Rimmer ! - Thank you , sir . People say they know you . Listy ! Welcome to Command Centre . Rimmer , what 's going on out there ? Isn 't that Mahatma Gandhi ? What 's he doing practising hand-to-hand combat with a nun ? That 's not a nun , Listy . That 's Lieutenant Colonel Mother Teresa . She 's a soldier now . - What are you doing , buddy ? - I 'm winning this war , " buddy " . You won 't believe what a ragamuffin bunch of lefty , wishy-washy liberals they were before I knocked some good old-fashioned death-or-glory bloodlust into them . You 've turned a group of holy men and pacifists into the Dirty Dozen ! I can 't take all the credit . I couldn 't have done it without Kryten . I 'm sorry , sirs . I 'm programmed to obey , no matter how deranged the human order . Rimmer , you 're gonna get these guys wiped out . They 're not soldiers ! - He 's flipped . - With respect , sir , he 's right . - I beg you to reconsider . - They 're only waxdroids . Rimmer , they 've broken their programming . They 're capable of independent thought . That makes them alive , practically people . I 'm not gonna let you do it . - Pardon me ? - You heard me ! - You talked ' em into it . I 'll talk ' em out . - I see . Sergeant Presley ? - Thank you very much , sir . - Place these gentlemen under arrest . - If they resist , shoot them . - OK , boys . Let me see them understains . Come on , Kryten . He 's acting strangely . It might have affected his mind when you chewed his light-bee . I 'll do more than chew his light-bee when we get out ! Kryten ! Thank you very much . You 've been wonderful prisoners , you really have . Well , I don 't know about the enemy , but you certainly scare the hell out of me ! Let 's get this show on the road . Company ... advance ! Kryten . You know what you have to do . - Let 's go , Holly . - OK , matey . Oh ... shot ! Destroy them ! Shoot them ! Iron Duke ? Iron Duke ? This is Pawn Sacrifice . - Come in , please . - Kryten , how 's it going ? I 'm in the Third Reich building . Minimal resistance . Just as you planned , the decoy charge has drawn their fire . OK , Now find the boiler room and hit the thermostat , They 'll melt once it hits 100 degrees , I 'm on my way , sir . Victory , gentlemen ! The fascists have fallen . - May I untie them now , sir ? - Rejoice . We conquer ! Victory on Waxworld ! It 's VW Day ! - So you wiped them all out ? - To a droid . - It 's true . All melted . - What about Arnie 's army ? - Yeah , how many of them made it back ? - There are always casualties in war , otherwise it wouldn 't be war , just a nasty argument with pushing and shoving . - How many survived ? - Well , we haven 't made a full estimate , but at a rough guess - and obviously this is subject to alteration - round about none of them . You wiped out the population of this planet ? You make it sound so negative . Don 't you see ? The deranged menace that threatened this world is vanquished . No , it isn 't , pal . You 're still here . I brought about peace . Peace , freedom and democracy . Yeah , Rimmer . Right . Absolutely . Now those corpses can lie there , safe in the knowledge that they snuffed it for peace , and can now happily decompose in a land of freedom ... you smeg-head . There 's no pleasing some people , is there ? At least we got the Matter Paddle back . Well , there 's nothing to stay here for . Let 's get back . Shouldn 't we go and bask in the glow of victory ? Holly , give me his light-bee . - See you , Rimmer . - Sir ! What are you thinking of ? It 's OK . He 'll come out in a couple a days ... .. and he 'll have been through what he put us through . Does any one fancy a vindaloo ? # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I said fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Huh ! Great to be back ! Huh ! Thank you very much ,
