 Gravity 1.5 . Wind 40 knots and variable . Coordinates locked and set . Launch scouter . Wait a minute . I 'm in charge of security and surveillance aboard this vessel . I , Mr Kryten , am the one who says " Launch scouter " . Sorry , sir , I didn 't mean to steal your thunder . Launch scouter . Launch scouter . I 'll be in the stern , correlating the ... in the stern . Would you be so good as to launch the scouter , sir ? Aye-aye , sir ! Scouter launched , sir ! Sir , it appears we 've encountered a scientific research centre . - And someone 's in there , man . A survivor . - A Dr Hildegarde Lanstrom . Clearly , I am superfluous to this entire operation , ably commanded as it is by a droid who was created purely to clean lavatories , so why are you telling me this , Captain Bog-Bot ? She 's a hologram . We have to commandeer your projection unit in order to rescue her , sir . Oh , I see . First , I 'm deemed unsuitable to issue the command " launch scouter " , and now I 'm being relieved of my duties by Commander U-Bend . Rimmer , it 's not personal . It 's the only way to get her to the ship . - Why do we need another hologram ? - She 's a doctor , sir . - She would be a valuable asset . - As usual , it 's left to me to point out the flaw in your logic . - Flaw ? - This vessel , gentlemen and khazi droids ... the crimson short one up there , can only sustain one hologram , or had you forgotten ? - You hadn 't forgotten ? - Look , we 'll work something out . Some kind of " timeshare " thing . What am I , a holiday villa in the Algarve ? Sir , might I remind you , as Space Corps Directive 169 clearly states ... Holly , prepare an escape pod . Anything but another " Space Corps directive " . Sir , the directives are there to protect us . They 're not vindictive pronouncements directed against any one person . Has anyone ever seen this legendary Space Corps directive manual ? - Well , no . - He 's making it up . - The bloody book doesn 't exist . - Sir , I assure you ... Why does he only use them against me , never Lister ? We never hear Space Corps directives that state , " No crew member should floss his teeth with the E-string of his guitar " after spraying the contents of his Sugar Puff sandwich all over his superior 's bunk . " - We never hear that one . - Holly , furnish Mr Rimmer with a hologrammatic copy of the Space Corps directive manual . Come on . Where is it ? - That 's it ? ! - You can study it at your leisure on your trip back to Red Dwarf , sir . - You 've changed , you know that ? - Changed ? They may not see it , but I know what 's going on . You 've become a really nasty piece of work . - Sir , I was merely ... - You 're merely a mechanoid , that 's all . Don 't ever forget it . What a smee ... What a smee ... What a smee ... heeeeeeee ... Dr Lanstrom ? Are you there , Doctor ? Oh , brutal . No need for alarm , sir . If there were dangerous viral strains in the atmosphere , the psi-scan would have picked them up by now . It 's never done that before . Blasted , stupid ... Cheap damn stupid Martian power packs . So what 's the news ? Well , just a few seconds more , sir . The old 345 takes a little time to warm up . Still , it out-performs the 346 eight times out of nine . Small wonder that it secured " Psi-Scan of the Year , Best Budget Model " three years running . Now here are the results ... And we 're going to ... live . We 're a real Mickey Mouse operation , aren 't we ? Mickey Mouse ? We ain 't even Betty Boop ! Oh . Extraordinary . Incredible . Hey , look at this . A nest of stasis pods . I must have triggered something . Doctor ? Doctor Lanstrom ? And who might you be ? Hi . We were passing . We picked up the beacon . Schopenhauer was right , wouldn 't you say ? Life without pain has no meaning . Gentlemen , I wish to give your lives meaning . - Why can 't we ever meet anyone nice ? - Or anyone who can shoot straight ? I 'm telling you , Kryten is taking over . Remember how he was in the early days ? A gibbering wreck , no self-confidence , plagued by guilt , convinced he was fourth-rate ? - I really liked him then . - Escape pod checked and standing by . - Well , check it again . - I 've done three checks . - It 's ready to launch . - Right , I 'm going . What really gets me is how he thinks he can order me about . Well , he who lives by the rule book , dies by the rule book . Can you hear us ? Listen , Lanstrom 's got some holo-virus . She 's totally barking ! - Listy ? - We need back-up , man . We need it now . Everything OK ? - What ? Can 't you hear me ? - I 'm sorry , Lister , you 're very faint . Dr Lanstrom has contracted some mutated holo-plague and is in a fearful psychopathic fury . Marvellous ! I 'm sure she 'll be a valuable asset to the team . Sir , I 'm going to change frequency . Can you hear me now ? Hello . My name is Dr Hildegarde Lanstrom and I am quite , quite mad . Are you really ? How absolutely splendid . I have a riddle for you . What 's dead and dead and dead all over ? Give in , Dr Fruit-Loop . Do tell me . You-oo ! Well , we know what to get you for Christmas : a lobotomy and 10 rolls of rubber wallpaper . Holly , I really must make tracks . Keep me updated , will you ? Where is she ? I fear she 's toying with us , sir . - What kind of disease gives her hex vision ? - Clearly some kind of psi-virus , sir . It appears to stimulate dormant areas of the brain , which , until now , humankind has been unable to harness . Unfortunately , it requires so much energy , it drains the victim 's life-force . - That 's why she was in stasis ? - Precisely . Lanstrom was preserving what little lifespan remains her . Well , if she 's running out of time , let 's give her the run-around . Theoretically , a sound notion , sir . Unfortunately ... Unfortunately , she has already found you . Twinkle , twinkle , little eye , now it 's time for you to die . Poor woman . Destroyed by her own genius . - Genius ? - Yes . From what I 've seen of her research , before the holo-virus , she had a remarkable mind . If I 'm right , the fruits of her work should live on . - Anything ? - Quite extraordinary . Lanstrom postulated that there were two kinds of virus - positive and negative . - The negative we know about . - Flu , rabies , that stuff . But she also believed in positive viral strains which make humans feel better . - Such as ? - Well , she predicted a kind of reverse flu , a virus which promotes an unaccountable feeling of happiness . That 's happened to me . My life 's been crud , and I 've woken up feeling good for no reason . The chances are , sir , that you had unwittingly contracted Lanstrom 's virus . According to her notes , 20th-century DJs suffered from it all the time . - So what 's in the tubes ? - Several isolated strains of positive virus . Inspiration , charisma , sexual magnetism ... Sexual magnetism is a virus ? Get me to hospital , I 'm a terminal case ! This is the most intriguing . According to her notes , this is the viral strain Felicitus populi , commonly known as " luck . " - Luck is a virus ? - A positive virus , which most humans contract at some point for very short periods . And here it is , Lady Luck in liquid form . Want to try some ? - Is it safe ? - Absolutely harmless . Even so , this minute dose will only last for about three minutes . Now pick out all the aces from this pack of cards . - Shuffle ' em ? - Mm-hmm . 13 to 1 . 221 to 1 . 5,525 to 1 . 270,725 to 1 . Sir , throw this dart over here into that bull 's-eye behind you using your left hand , without looking . Using my left hand ? Into the bulls-eye ? Without looking ? - No chance . - Trust me , sir . You ready ? Ah . I think that indicates the luck virus has worn off . When you 're quite finished , we 've got a problem with the doors . - What problem ? - They won 't open . - Rimmer 's put in an override . - Welcome home , gentlemen . If you 'd proceed to the aft to bay 47 . That 's quarantine ! - Spot on . - But , sir , I 've screened us . We 're clean . Well , much as I trust a viral screening conducted by an automated toilet attendant , I really must draw your attention to Space Corps Directive 595 . - For cryin ' out loud ! - I have no intention of contracting the hologrammatic equivalent of foaming dog fever . So , gentlemen , you may proceed to quarantine room 152 , where you will be spending the next three months . 12 weeks . I have a dark sense of foreboding about this . Oh , come on . We 'll get through it . This is single quarters . One chair , one bed , one shower . - We 'll manage . - Sir , it 's a scientific fact that the human male needs time by himself . - It is ? - Hmm . The most popular pastimes have always been enjoyed alone - angling , golf and , of course , the all-time number one . It 's not just humans . When male tigers are locked up together , one winds up on the other 's toothpick . Lions , tigers , scorpions , rats ... even vultures when they 're in captivity . What are you saying to me ? Vultures need personal space ? They need time alone to put their feet up and read " What Carcass ? " magazine ? Sir , I think you 're downplaying the gravity of the situation . Look , we hang out together most of the time together anyway . Yeah , but we could go at any time . Not now , though . Welcome to quarantine , lads . I hope the next 84 days pass as swiftly and pleasantly as the 100 Years ' War . Sir , I must protest . You 've only supplied single-berth accommodation . Space Corps Directive 597 clearly states " one berth per registered crew member " . As Listy is the only registered crew member , that 's all you get . - Don 't rise to him . - What about entertainment ? You are obliged to provide us with leisure facilities . Games , literature , hobby activities , motion pictures . And in accordance with Space Corps Directive 312 , you 'll find in the cupboard a chess set with 31 missing pieces , a knitting magazine with a pull-out special on crocheted hats , a puzzle magazine with all the crosswords completed and a video of the excellent " Wallpapering , Painting and Stippling - a DIY Guide " . - Don 't rise to him . - And fulfilling all dietary requirements , dinner tonight , gentlemen , will consist of sprout soup , followed by sprout salad , and for desert - I think you 'll like it , rather unusual - sprout crumble . Rimmer , you know damn well sprouts make me chuck . Well , this is awful . I 've got you down for sprouts almost every meal . I tell a lie . It IS every meal . - How long are you going to keep this up ? - What ? I 'm merely executing Space Corps Directive 595 . Anyway , must dasherooni . I 've got to organise your daily musical entertainment . I think you 'll like it . It 's a looped tape of " Reggie Dixon 's Tango Treats " . OK . Time to rise to him . Let me at him ! Listen , he wants us to annoy each other , go through 12 weeks of hell . Well , we won 't give him the satisfaction . The entire time , we 're not gonna have one single argument , not a cross word , not one angry exchange . OK ? OK ? Boys from the Dwarf . I think that 's straight now . Two hours it 's taken to panel-beat my head back into shape . Two damn hours . Guys , just take it easy . If he says that once more , I 'll turn his ears into maracas and do a fandango on his throat . I 'm just saying there 's 79 more days to go . And if you want to be alive when there 's 78 days to go , do not blow your nose . Do you mind if I ask why ? Let 's forego the noise and revolting burbling sound and go straight to the really gross part , when you always - and I mean always - having blown your nose , have to open up the handkerchief and take a look at the contents . I mean , why ? What do you expect to see in there ? A Turner seascape , perhaps ? The face of the Madonna ? An undiscovered Shakespearean sonnet ? Rimmer was right about you . You have changed . - You 're getting tetchy . - Oh , don 't call me tetchy . You know what happens . Well , that 's exactly what I 'm calling you . Tetchy . Tetchy . Tetchy . It 's just as well I can 't hear you calling me tetchy . You know what happens when you call me tetchy . Oh , no ! Didn 't I tell you ? Didn 't I warn you what would happen ? - No . - Yes . I 'm putting it on . - Don 't put it on . - Here I go . - There he goes . - Kryten , I 'm not helping you again . - Not this time . - You think I need help ? I can extract my own head from the waste disposal unit . It won 't be the waste disposal , Frankenstein . I 'm gonna microwave your head . Frankenstein was the creator , not the monster . It 's a common misconception , held by all truly stupid people . Don 't correct me . I hate being corrected . - It really gets my feckles up . - It 's " hackles " , you moron . - There 's no such word as " feckles " . - Feckles , hackles , schmeckles . Whatever they are , they 're up now , buddy . - Yeah ? - Guys ! Guys ! Look at us ! Five days on a sprout diet with a wallpapering video and a crochet magazine and we 've all turned into crazies . Just don 't call me tetchy . - And don 't correct me . - OK . - OK . - OK . We 're going to get through this . Don 't say we 're going to get through this ! That stupid chirpy optimism . That inane winsome grin . This is insane ! We 've been here five days . - There 's no sign of any virus . We 're clean . - That 's it ! We 've got him . Space Corps Directive 699 . We can demand a rescreening . - He 'll refuse . - He 's playing by the book . We 've nailed him . Gentlemen ... your conversation makes interesting listening . - Rimmer , is that you ? - Oh , yes . - How long have you been listening ? - Two , maybe three hours . - No one 's got any disease . - We 're clean . You have to re-screen us as per Directive 699 . No one 's got any virus and no one 's smeggin ' nuts . Well , that 's good . - Is something amiss ? - Amiss ? No . What could possibly be amiss ? You don 't think there 's anything amiss ? I 'm sitting here wearing a red and white checked gingham dress ... and army boots ... and you think that 's un-amiss ? No , we just thought you 'd gone nuts . We were humouring you . I was just doing a little test . A little test to see if you had gone crazy . If there is one thing I can 't stand ... it 's crazy people . Well , we 've passed the test . You can let us out . - I can 't let you out . - Why not ? The King of the Potato People won 't let me . I begged him . I got down on my knees and wept . He wants to keep you here ... .. keep you here for ten years . Could we see him ? - See who ? - The King . - Do you have a magic carpet ? - Yeah , a little three-seater . So , let me get this straight . You 'll fly on a magic carpet to the King of the Potato People ... .. and plead with him for your freedom , and you 're telling me you are completely sane ? I think that warrants two hours ... of WOO . - What 's WOO ? - You had to ask . With ... out ... oxygen . No oxygen for two hours . That 'll teach you to be bread baskets . - What do we do ? - I think our only hope 's the Potato King . - How did he get the holo-virus ? - It can be transmitted over radio waves . He must have spoken to Lanstrom at some point . We have seven minutes before the air in here becomes unbreathable . - We gotta get out of here . - It 's impossible . That 's the whole point of quarantine . Nothing gets out . Nothing gets in . Not even a microbe . Kryten , any chance of cracking the code ? The chances of punching in the correct combination are literally billions to one . - Unless ... - Of course ! The luck virus ! - You think that stuff 'll work ? - If I give Mr Lister a large dose , he will temporarily become the luckiest human being who ever lived . - OK . What do I do ? - Just press in whatever you think is best . OK . Last digit , sir . - So what now ? - We head for the hologram projection suite , - before Mr Rimmer ... - Before Mr Rimmer what ? They 've been naughty boys , haven 't they , Mr Flibble ? Yes . What happens to boys who 've been naughty , Mr Flibble ? Uncle Arnie fries them alive with his hex vision . That 's right , Mr Flibble . This way ! The holo-virus is in its secondary stage . - Mr Rimmer can 't have long to live . - What is he capable of ? Well , we 've seen hex vision . Like Lanstrom , he 'll be capable of telepathy , even telekinesis . Telekiny-what-inesis ? The ability to move objects purely by the power of the mind . - Kryten , are you OK ? - I have a medium-sized axe in my spine . That can put a crimp on your day . Two and one-half badgers , please ! No , I 'll eat them here . Ah , that 's better . Now I can ... win self-determination for the Moldavian people ! Ah , I think I 'm OK now . Mr Flibble 's very cross . You shouldn 't have ran away from him . What are we going to do with them , Mr Flibble ? We can 't possibly do that . Who 'd clear up the mess ? - We need to use your luck , sir . - How ? What we need is a remote link to the hologram disk projection system . - Like this one ? - What a stroke of luck . Now we need a detachable power transfer adapter capable of holding spikes of five million volts . What 's this ? Extraordinary . Now all we need is a B47 / 7RF resistor . Look out ! Mr Flibble says ... Game over , boys . - I think he 's going to be OK , sir . - OK ? The luck virus must have worn off . Rimmer ? You OK ? - What happened ? Where am I ? - Quarantine . - But don 't worry ... - We 're here to entertain you ! # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
