 Remain calm , Kryten . This is your CPU speaking . There has been an accident . Both your legs have been crushed beyond repair . Your ambulatory system has been destroyed , and your life expectancy is currently estimated at 67 minutes . If there is further news , we will keep you updated . In the meantime , here is a little music . " COPACABANA " ) Your auto-repair systems are now able to restore visuals . Kryten personal black box recording . Time - unknown . Location - unknown . Cause of accident - unknown . Should someone find this recording , perhaps it will shed light as to what happened here . My short-term memory has been erased . This I ascribe to the proximity of the magnetic coils from Starbug 's rear engine . Secondly , due to the proximity of the magnetic coils , my short-term memory appears to have been erased . This , combined with the erasure of my short-term memory , has left me a little disorient-disorient-disoriented . 67 minutes ? ! I 'd better get out of here . Of course . Can you hear me ? Find an ore sample pod . There should be plenty strewn around . Initiate the homing procedure and bring help . OK ? Good luck , boy . Go on ! - OK . I 'm here . What 's the beef ? - We 've got a visitor . - What ? ! - A pod arrived 20 minutes ago . Something in it has broken free . - Any ideas ? - I don 't want to spread any panic or alarm . What do you mean ? Well , you 've always had this thing against tarantulas , haven 't you ? - Tarantulas ? - You 've never been overly fond of them . - Well , no . - The prospect of waking up and finding one crawling over your naked , helpless body fills you with a kind of cold dread ? Well , yeah . What are you saying , Holly ? I 'm saying it might not be your night . Look . This is the best shot security cameras could get . - Where is it now ? - We lost it . - What does Kryten think ? - Kryten 's off moon-hopping with Rimmer . Radio link 's down . I 'll keep trying . So , what 's the problem ? Hey , you OK ? You look tense . You 're playing that dumb adventure game . Then buy a potion from Gandalf , the master wizard . That 's what I usually do . Kryten , take it easy . I 'm gonna get you outta there . My legs , I can 't feel them . Yeah , they 're trapped under this stanchion . - I 'm gonna have to cut you in two . - Begging your pardon , sir ? Kryten , keep still . I 'm trying to draw a line . I don 't want it going wonky . We want to keep as much of you as possible . Sir , a couple of brief points . Firstly , you are not a qualified service engineer and consequently sawing me in two will invalidate my guarantee . Secondly , I wouldn 't trust you to open a can of sardines that was already open . Ooh ! You 're right ! He really isn 't dead ! I owe you 20 . - Kryten , you OK ? - I think so , sir . There 's a few bits and bobs left over , but it 's always the same when you try DIY . - Where 's Mr Rimmer ? - We were just gonna ask you that . - What happened ? - There are gaps . Mr Rimmer spotted an S-3 planet on the scope and wanted to claim it for the Space Corps . As usual , the ceremony consisted of singing all 23 stanzas of the Space Corps anthem . Then the planet started to erupt around us , which , frankly , came as a relief . - A moonquake ? - Worse . It was as if the entire planet was reshaping , terraforming itself as we watched . - And then ? - Then things got sketchy . I remember an explosion and then blackness . And then I remember Mr Rimmer screaming . I remember his face twisted with fear , pain , anguish , dread ... absolutely mortified . Did someone suggest he pick up the tab for lunch ? Something took him . Something awful . Can we get a trace on his light bee ? Got him . Click and a half due south . Suggest we continue the journey by land , sir . I 'll lower the caterpillar tracks . I think I 've just worked out what that missing circuit board is for . This is one weird place . Strange animal noises , unbearable stench , squelchy underfoot ... It 's just like your laundry basket . - Getting anything ? - My guess is this is a psi-moon . - Psi-moon ? - An artificial planetoid . It tunes into an individual psyche and adapts to mimic his mental state . In this instance , it reconfigured itself using Mr Rimmer 's subconscious as a template . - What are you saying to me , Kryten ? - We are interlopers inside Mr Rimmer 's mind . This sounds like a 12-change-of-underwear trip . If this planet 's Rimmer 's mind , what took him ? All his neuroses , all his personal demons will be incarnated here , made flesh . - Example ? - Well , each person 's mindscape is unique , but we could encounter , say , Mr Rimmer 's lust personified as some kind of slobbering beast . Rimmer 's lust monster ? Urrgh ! Every individual 's mental landscape is dominated by one drive . In some cases , it might be ambition . In others greed , envy , the desire to please . Whatever took Mr Rimmer , let 's pray that its intentions are benign . He can 't be in much danger . He 's a hologram . Not here . Here he has a physical form until he leaves . Any danger he may be in will be very real indeed . Look , I don 't know who you are , but I demand my right to a phone call . Yes , I thought the threat of legal action would have you running for cover . Look , I 'm trying to keep my temper , but you really are pushing your luck , miladdikins . Is this the British embassy ? Does it look remotely like the embassy ? I want to know who you are now . In accordance with the appetites of the Dark One , we , the hooded legions , proffer up this sacrifice to slake the vile depraved thirstings of the Unspeakable One . Well , that 's cleared that up . Oh ! Thank God . Thank God . There were some strange men in black hoods with drums and rather unconvincing red eyes . Thank God you 're here . I thought I was in danger . Is it me or has it suddenly got rather hot in here ? - Why have we stopped ? - I don 't think that swamp will support us . - I suggest we continue the journey on foot . - Go out there ? - Into Rimmer 's subconscious ? - We 're almost on top of him . - Just a few hundred metres . - Remember , it 's Rimmer 's mind out there . Expect sickness . I 'm a second technician in the Space Corps , briefed to give name and number only . I don 't know what you people are playing at , but I won 't give you anything else . You can oil me all you like , you can use your tongues to caress my erogenous zones onto a plateau of sexual ecstasy . But I 'll tell you now - this nut 's not for cracking . However , far be it from me to change your plan . If you insist on using erotic persuasion to achieve your devious ends , then so be it . Just have a large pizza with extra olives ready afterwards . Er , where are you going ? Er , what are you doing ? My God ! Are you taking a flying leap ? ! - We are going to summon the Master . - The Master ? You have been prepared for him . This Master character - and I acknowledge that I may not want to know this - why does he want me oily particularly ? Obviously , whatever he has in mind is facilitated by my being slippery and pliant . He always likes his victims to be oiled . It 's much better for conducting electricity . Not the best news , but could 've been worse . Why I agreed to strolling around Rimmer 's psyche I will never know . Oh , terrific . This gets better and better . Is it me or are those frogs saying " useless " ? Hey , look at this . You 've got a huge great blood-sucking leech on your neck . It 's got a human face . It 's Rimmer 's mum ! Come quickly . I 've found a metaphor . - A what ? - Look at all these gravestones . " Here lies self-respect , died aged 24 . " They 're aspects of Rimmer 's personality which are dead . " Honour - gone but not forgotten , died aged 12 . " Look at this . This one 's minute ! - This one 's freshly dug . - Who 's it for ? Oh , psychologically speaking , Mr Rimmer may be in bigger trouble than we suspected . If this grave gets filled , we may never get out of this nightmare . Boy , am I glad to see you . You must be the Unspeakable One . Just to fill you in - there 's been a gigantic administrative cock-up . Your staff have somehow mistaken me for a virgin . Stop your putrid whining , you dank tuft of rectal pubic hair ! Sorry . I tend to jabber on a bit when I 'm nervous . I 've never been partial to physical torture . It 's actually always been one of my ... worst nightmares , actually . Now all your nightmares will come true here . All of them ! He 's got to be nearby . We 're right on top of him . Whatever that was , let 's hope it 's had lunch . - It 's below us . - Who are you ? - Here . - Why are you being so horrible ? It is you who created me , nurtured me , helped me grow strong . I am the part of you that hates yourself . I am your self-loathing . - My self-loathing ? - Is it not true that you despise yourself ? That you detest your own incompetence and stupidity ? That you hold yourself in contempt for your countless failures and disappointments ? Is it not true that you feel nothing but the deepest , blackest rancour for that walking vomit stain the world calls Arnold Rimmer ? Is it not true ? Yes . Look , we 've got two choices . Either we go in , bazookoids blazing , and get him out of there or sit like lemons and watch him get tortured . Anybody got any opera glasses ? Set bazookoids to kill , stuff and mount . We 're going in . Kryten ? Is it my turn now ? - Reload ! - The bazookoid fire could start a rockslide . - Reload . - You 'd risk your lives for me ? Of course . You 're part of the crew . What happened ? - Weird ! - Where 'd he go ? There 's an old android saying which is peculiarly appropriate here . In binary language , it 's this - 0-0-1-1-0-0-1-1 1-0-1-1-0-0-0-1-1-1-1-0-0 , 1-1-1-1-1-0-0-0-1-1-1-0-0-0-1-1-1-1 , which roughly translated means , " Don 't stand around jabbering when you 're in danger . " - Which way ? - Right at the Swamp of Despair , straight past the Wood of Humiliation , then left at the Chasm of Hopelessness . You 're a weird guy , you know that ? Why are you all looking at me like it 's my fault ? Have you any idea what kind of day I 've had ? I 've been kidnapped , stripped , oiled , menaced , manacled , licked , nibbled , chained , tortured , humiliated , and I nearly had a thing shaped like a cactus jammed where only customs men dare to probe . - Don 't you know what this place is ? - Yes , it 's a hell-hole , a nightmare . It 's a stinking infested pit of putridness . Rimmer , it 's your mind . He 's right , sir . This is a psi-moon . Its terrain was landscaped by your psyche . So ... So what are you saying to me ? That thing , that beast ... that lives inside my mind ? - Metaphorically , yes , sir . - Self-loathing ? I don 't loathe myself . What is there to loathe about me ? Would you like the list , sir ? - What list ? - Well , you were despised by your parents for failing to achieve their standards . Your brothers were high-flyers in the Space Corps and you serviced chicken soup machines . There 's your inability to form long-term relationships with anyone , your cowardliness , your lack of charm , honour or grace and the awful knowledge that no one has truly liked you because you are so fundamentally unlikeable . Oh , that . Please don 't interrupt , sir . I 'm only halfway through . - Now , where was I ? - I think he 's got the point . God ! I 'm such a mess . What was that ? - Quicksand 's sucking us down . - Hit the retros ! They 're only keeping us stable . Ten minutes before they burn out . OK . Let 's get into the jet-powered rocket pants and birdman the hell out of here . An excellent and inventive suggestion , sir , with just two tiny drawbacks - we don 't have any jet-powered rocket pants , and there 's no such thing as jet-powered rocket pants outside the fictional serial " Robbie Rocket Pants " . Well , that 's put a crimp on an otherwise damn fine plan . Hang on . I 'm getting an energy emission . Hand over the worm and your lives will be spared . My quarrel is not with you . It 's with that excremental smear who cowers amongst you . If you attempt to shield him , then I shall unleash the full terrible fury of my hooded hordes against you . You have ten minutes . - Where are you going ? - Where do you think ? You heard him . If I don 't hand myself over , he 'll attack Starbug . - What ? You 're giving yourself up ? - No . I 'm going to the engine room to cower . I suggest you find ingenious places to tremble , too . The only way we 're gonna get out of here alive is by killing that thing . - How ? It 's invulnerable . - We 're finished . Increase retros to max . Now stable . Wait a minute ... This is all your fault , you know , you little glob of tuberculotic sputum . Ah , interesting . Sir , you are a cruddy little scudball with all the lovability of an itchy verruca . Excellent . Mr Lister , Cat , confabulation in the cockpit . Not you , sir . Sirs , I think I have it . The real enemy is not out there . The real enemy is inside Mr Rimmer 's head . Nice plan . So we remove his head and everything 's cool , right ? No , wait a minute . That 's gone right up my flagpole , Kryten . - I 'm saluting that one . - What ? When we drove back the beast in the cavern , it wasn 't bazookoid fire that did it . - It was telling Rimmer we 'd save him . - Precisely . So if we make Rimmer feel cared about ... If we can make him feel good about himself , somehow restore his self-esteem and pride , that would vanquish the self-loathing beast , or at least debilitate it long enough for us to get off this psi-moon . How do we make him feel good ? What is there to feel good about ? - We 've got to tell him we love him . - You 're sick ! - I want no part of this depravity . - He must not suspect we are insincere . Our lives depend on it . Ready ? I 'll never be ready . Listen , we 've decided to stay with you and face the danger . - All for one and that . - Really ? Sir , I 'd just like to say that you are a very beautiful person . He means we 're all facing certain death and we should let each other know how we feel about each other . - You think that 's a good idea ? - Guys aren 't terrific at , you know ... - Expressing their feelings . - Yeah . They kid around , insult each other . And what they really mean is ... They can 't say what they really mean . - What are you trying to tell me ? - I 'm just saying that whatever happens , I want you to know I really care about you . We all do , sir . It 's true . They really do care about you . Only this morning you called me a cancerous polyp on the anus of humanity . In an affectionate way . In a kidding around , friendly , affectionate way . Sir , we may never get another opportunity to articulate our feelings , and I would like to take this opportunity to say that you 're a splendid man , a much-respected colleague and a , goshdarn it , damn good friend ! - We 're getting some lift . - Wait a minute . - I know why you 're doing this . - Going down . You 're trying to make me feel guilty , to shame me into doing the honourable thing . - Why , then ? - Our number 's up here . I want to set the record straight . It 's not easy saying this one man to another , but ... I love you , man . I really , really love you . - Going up . - It might be a good idea if we try and get into a kind of a four-way hug situation . - What 's wrong with you ? - People don 't touch enough , sir . I love you , Arnie . This is a beautiful man . - This is a beautiful moment . - We love you , AJ ! Get in the cockpit . There 's something very strange happening . Charge , my hordes of darkness . Bring me the head of the Despicable One . Have at you , Bitterness ! Take that , Self-Doubt ! Die like the dog you are , Mistrust ! Feel my blade , Loneliness . May your foulness rot in hell . We 're getting some lift . 20 metres , that 's enough for lift-off . We 're almost clear . - It was all baloney , wasn 't it ? - What was ? All that hugging stuff . It was just a way of escaping . You didn 't really feel that I 'm an OK bloke , that I 'm not so bad once you know me . You didn 't mean any of that , did you ? No . # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
