 ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) ( BLEEPING AND CLICKING ) ( INDISTINCT EXCITED CHATTER ) ( INDISTINCT ) Stand by . She 's coming round . There 's something out there , man . We 're clamping on . ( ALL CHATTER ) - Visual down ! Radar down ! - We 've lost the entire desk ! ( WHIRRING ) - What are you all staring for ? - You 've just unplugged the console . Right . I 'm blow-drying my hair . - We 're tracking a UFO . - Oh , you 're tracking a UFO , so I have to look like the Bride of Frankenstein ? - Use another socket . - This is beyond belief . A spaceship five miles long without enough plug sockets ! There 's plenty of plug sockets , Cat . They 're all taken up with your beauty aids . Use a wall socket . What ? ! Unplug my hot wax strip unsightly hair remover ? ! Yes . Unplug your hot wax strip unsightly hair remover . I don 't believe this . We finally encounter an alien species , and I meet them with a wavery bikini line ! It 's back , bearing zero-niner-zero . Adjust 1 % portside . 1 % portside . C locked on ... All right . OK . I 'll use gel . Everybody happy ? Stabilise pitch . Reduce correctives ... - ( LISTER ) What is it ? - I have no idea . The craft does not appear to be of Earth construction . Aliens . They 're probably going to return Glenn Miller . - What ? - That 's what they do . People who inexplicably vanish , they return them . Ah , smeg ! That 's all we need . Glenn Miller boring us with " Pennsylvania 6-5000 " . Kryten , open communication channels . ( RIMMER ) We don 't want himI Go awayI You took him . You can keep the smeggerI How deliciously bizarre . The hall 's molecular structure conforms to no known element . Whoever or whatever made this thing had access to a technology far ahead of our own . - OK , let 's split up . - Why ? Why split up ? - We 'll can search quicker . - What 's the hurry ? Have you got a major luncheon appointment ? - What 's your problem ? - I 'm not going with him . - Me ? What 's wrong with me ? - You 're totally egocentric , you flee at the first sign of trouble , you 're vain , selfish and self-obsessed . You just listed my best features . - I 'm going with Kryten . - Come on , Cat . Kryten , take point . I 've seen those movies . The guy in the lead always buys it first . Well , in my experience , the fellow bringing up the rear gets picked off first , so the others aren 't aware they 're under attack . You 're right . Can you take the front and the back , so I 'm in the middle ? I 'll do my best , sir . - Go , Kryten . - We 've found something , sir . - Yeah ? - I think it 's one of the crew . A hideously malformed triple-headed skeleton with putrefied flesh hanging from it . It fell through Rimmer as we opened the lift door . - Is he all right ? - He 's discovered what shirt tails are for . ( RIMMER ) All right . Don 't make me sound like a complete cowardly git . I 'm fine now . ( KRYTEN ) Shall I cancel the order to find your mother ? - ( RIMMER ) Is that thing still on ? - Hey , look at this . - Don 't . We don 't know what it does . - I 'm just looking . Cheers , man ! Brilliant ! I 'm trapped ! - Get me out of this thing . - Be cool . I 'm on the case . I remember the sequence . It was red-blue-yellow ... No , blue-yellow-red . ( GARBLED ELECTRONIC VOICE ) What the smeg is that ? ! Curious , the skeletal form appears to be basically humanoid in structure . He 's got three heads . Wait . Here 's some kind of wallet . The artefacts are human . A pilot 's licence , ID , even a video club card . This guy belonged to a video club and needed a card so they 'd recognise him ? ! He 's got six eyes and three noses . I 'd remember him . " Aren 't you the bloke who came in last week , sneezed and caused a monsoon ? " I think he started out as human and something happened that mutated him in this unspeakable way . ( COMPUTER ) Language trace completed . Dialect English , colloquial , 23rd century . Do nothing . Press nothing . Just get Kryten ! - Wait , I think I got it . - Transmogrification sequence initiated . - Maybe not . - Transmogrifi-what ? ! Gene sample accepted and cloned . Please key in new genetic structure . Do nothing . Press nothing . Get Kryten ! Hey , you think I can 't handle this ? I have to get Novelty-Condom-Head to bail you out ? I got you into this , I 'll get you out . - Get Kryten ! - Relax , would you ? I know what I 'm doing . New genetic structure accepted . Metamorphosis in ten seconds and counting . I got a good idea . Why don 't I get Kryten ? Look , forget Kryten . Just press the pads , any pads ! Stop this ! Sequence complete . ( CLUCKS ) Are you OK ? We detected a massive power surge in this sector . Where 's Lister ? - That 's Lister ? ! - What can I say , except ... whoops ? - What is it ? - Best guess ? Some kind of DNA modifier , designed to alter organic life at its molecular level . This explains our triple-headed friend . - So what does it do ? - Every cell in your body contains DNA , a series of genetic instructions for your body . It 's like a computer program that chooses the colour of your eyes , shape of your nose , designates sex , height , even your lifespan . This machine rewrites the DNA program . So this machine can transform any living thing into any other living thing ? - Precisely . - And it turned Lister into a chicken . - So it seems . - Question is , can we turn him back again ? The question is , do we want to ? Hypothetically , it shouldn 't be too difficult to recall his original form . We simply have to decode the keypad . Listy ? ( CLUCKS ) It 's incredible . It really is him . Look , it 's even got his little beer gut . Hmm , seems a fairly straightforward hexadecimal layout . Logically , this should be the recall sequence . ( KRYTEN ) That 's not it , is it ? Let 's start from the top . What happened here , exactly ? I was pressing the pads . I definitely pressed the yellow one first . And then this thing came down . I 'm pressing buttons , - then this voice said ... - Transmogrification sequence engaged . Right ! So I press some more buttons , and then it says ... - Please key in new genetic structure . - That 's it exactly ! - Cat , stop ! - No need to engage your panic chip , sir . The machine only operates on organic life . I am mineral and therefore immune . New genetic structure accepted . Metamorphosis in ten seconds and counting . Oh . Wait a minute . No . My brain is part organic , and therefore it is possible for the machine to transmogrify my physical condition . Engage panic circuits ... Panic circuits engaged . ( WAILS ) ( BLEEPING ) - ( RIMMER ) Are you OK ? - Yeah , I think so . - What was it like being a hamster ? - Better than being a chicken . You 've seen the size of an egg ? You 've seen a chicken 's bum ? That 's what the clucking was about . I was trying to say , " Give me a epidural ! " Let 's get Kryten back . Press what you pressed for Lister . My heavens . I am human . Yeah , but you lost your looks . I 'm human - my greatest dream come true . I can experience real feelings . I 'm experiencing one now . I 'm in happiness mode . I 've never experienced anything like it before . Except for that time I accidentally welded my groinal socket to a washing machine . I 'm alive ! - How 's he doing , Hol ? - Physically , he 's fine . He 's got the body of a perfectly normal 30-year-old human male ... apparently . - Is he all right ? - He needs to adjust . Everything 's a bit new . - Morning ! - Greetings , fellow human . Ah , breakfast , my very first meal . Boiled chicken ovulations - delicious ! - How you coping ? Any problems ? - Just one or two . I 've compiled a list , if you 'll indulge me . Now , then , my optical system doesn 't appear to have a zoom function . - No , human eyes don 't have a zoom . - How do you bring a small object into focus ? Well , you just move your head closer to the object . I see . Move your head closer ... hmm ... to the object . All right . What about other optical effects , like split screen , slow motion , Quantel ? - No . We don 't have them . - You don 't have them ? Just the zoom . No , that 's fine . That 's great . No , that 's great . Now , my nipples don 't work . In what way " don 't work " ? Well , when I was a mechanoid , the right nipple nut regulated body temperature , while the left was used mainly to pick up short-wave radio transmissions . Now , no matter how hard I twiddle it , I can 't seem to pick up Jazz FM . - Human nipples don 't do that , Kryt . - I see . Fine . Ah , recharging . Now , I presume that humans recharge much the same way mechanoids do . I have located what I presume is the recharging socket , but for some strange reason , it doesn 't have the standard three-pin adaption . Now , do I need some kind of adaptor , because the lead just keeps falling out ? Kryten , we eat and sleep . That 's our way of recharging . Oh . Hmm ... Ah , now , I wanted to talk to you about something . Something I know we humans get a little embarrassed about . It 's a bit of a taboo subject , not the sort of thing we discuss in polite conversation . Kryten , I 'm an enlightened 23rd-century guy . Spit it out , man . Well , I want to talk to you about my penis . I knew it . You 've gone straight into smirk mode . Aren 't we both adults ? Can 't we discuss our reproductive system without adolescent sniggering ? - Yeah , of course we can . - Thank you . - Well ? - Well , what ? - Well , what do you think ? - What am I supposed to say ? Is that normal ? Taking photographs of it and showing it to your mates ? No , it 's not ! Well , is it supposed to look like that ? - Well , yeah . - It 's hideous ! That 's the best they could come up with ? ! Are you telling me there were choices , and someone said , " Ah , that 's it . " That 's the shape we 're looking for , the last-chicken-in-the-shop look ? " Shakespeare had one ? Einstein ? Perry Como sang " Memories Are Made Of This " with one of those stashed in his slacks ? - Well , yeah . - No wonder humans don 't have a zoom mode . Now , take a look at this . And this . Now , why do you suppose that happened ? Wh-What were you thinking of at the time ? Nothing in particular . I was just flicking through an electrical appliance catalogue . I came across the section on super de-luxe vacuum cleaners and suddenly my underpant elastic was catapulted across the medical bay . You see , man , you 're neither one thing or the other . You shouldn 't be getting erotic thoughts about electrical appliances . It WAS a triple-bag easy-glide vac with turbo suction and a self-emptying dustbag . Kryten , I don 't care what model it was . No vacuum cleaner should give a human being a double Polaroid . - Do yourself a favour , man . Change back . - Back ? Become one of those sappy , sad-act mechanoids again ? This is my dream . Hey , I 've got a joke for you . How many mechanoids does it take to change a light bulb ? - I don 't know . - Twelve . You know why ? - Why ? - Because they 're so stupid ! ( LAUGHS ) Isn 't that the greatest joke ? I 've got another . Heard about the mechanoid peeping Tom ? ( LAUGHS ) ( KRYTEN 'S LAUGHTER ECHOES ) Man , this is a totally whacked-out idea . It 'll never work . That DNA machine can do anything . The hard part was finding one of my dead cells . You really think you can clone yourself from your dandruff ? Why not ? Dandruff has DNA in it . That machine has a clone facility . But a man made from dandruff ? It 'll never work . The first time you use medicated shampoo , you 'll disappear . I won 't be made of dandruff . My body will be recreated from the genetic pattern in it . - How 's Kryten ? - Confused . If he offers to show you his photo collection , my advice is decline politely . I bet he can 't believe his luck . He 's reached the pinnacle of evolution . He 's human . What 's so big about being human ? Listy , don 't knock it till you 've tried it . I just don 't trust that machine . I know it 's old-fashioned , but I believe if God intended us to fly , he wouldn 't have invented Spanish air traffic control . That machine might be able to cure diseases , but you shouldn 't use it to change you into what you 're not . Wasn 't it Descartes who said , " I am what I am " ? - No , it was Popeye the Sailor Man . - Well , he was a hell of a philosopher . I think what he was saying was stay true to what you are . Oh , here we go . Typical knee-jerk techno-fear reaction . That machine is the greatest single technological advancement mankind ever made . Greater than fire , greater than the wheel . What about the dude with three heads ? - Well , he abused it . - Someone always does . So you wouldn 't use it ? There 's nothing about your bodies you 'd like to improve ? Me ? ! Are you serious ? Most people leave their bodies to medical science . I 'm leaving mine to the Louvre , baby ! At some point , most people wish they were someone else . This is going back years , before the accident . Kochanski had finished with me , and I felt really pony . So I went for a walk in the botanical gardens and saw this squirrel collecting nuts . It stopped and looked at me , and I thought , " You lucky little sod . " You like your job . You have no woman trouble . You 'll never feel as bad as I feel . " And at that moment , I would have given anything to swap places with him . That 's awful , man - when a woman screws you up so bad you want to become a squirrel . It made me think that being human isn 't always fun . So , Lister , what are you telling us ? You 're a closet squirrel ? Behind closed doors , you parade around in a strap-on bushy tail calling yourself Nutkin ? I 'm saying that being human sometimes isn 't all it 's cracked up to be . If Kryten thinks it 'll solve all his problems , he 's in for a major disappointment . ( SNEEZES ) A wonderful thing has happened . We found this machine that 's made me human . - You 're a human now ? - That 's right , Spare Head One . Our wildest , most incredible dream has come true . - What 's it like ? - It 's indescribable , Spare Head Two . True , I 'm having a few problems coping with the human emotions , there 's no zoom , the nipples don 't work , and I could show you a snapshot that would make your eyes spin . - That apart , it 's all going well . - What about us ? - It was my turn to be main head next month . - Obviously that 's not possible . Aren 't you happy for me ? I 'm not second-class any more . What about Spare Head Three ? You can 't just leave him . He 's got droid rot . ( YORKSHIRE ACCENT ) I don 't need no bugger to look after me ! Me units may be shot to buggery , but I don 't need sympathy from ' im ! Well , I 'll still visit . I won 't forget you . - Where have you been for the past four days ? - I 've been busy . Aye , busy swankin ' round with his poncey new eight-valve heart , la-di-da-ing with all his fancy new human friends ! Oh , what do you know about anything ? Ooh , hark at ' im ! Orderin ' his own heads around . I may be 30,000 years old , and me circuits may be bandy , but I 'll tell you this for nowt - you came into this world a mechanoid , and a mechanoid you 'll always be ! I don 't have to take this from you . I 'm a human . Shut your stupid flat head ! Kryten , I don 't believe you just said that . I don 't even know why I came here . I think you should leave now , Kryten . There 's nothing more to say . Aye , sling your bloody hook ! Go on ! Clear off ! And what about you , Spare Hand One ? Greetings , fellow human . " Fellow human . " How hollow those words sound now . What 's eating you , man ? I can 't get the hang of these human emotions . One moment I 'm happy , the next I 'm miserable . I 'm up and down more than a pair of kangaroos in the mating season . Depression 's there for a reason . It 's the mind 's way of saying something 's wrong . What could be wrong ? I 've got everything I want . - Oh , yeah ? - No . I 've done the most terrible thing . I 've hurt my own kind , those closest to me . I 've been a complete Polaroid-head . Yeah . You 've had your head up your recharge socket . Agreed . And you 've known all along . Yeah , well . I did something similar once . Sold out . You sold out ? Hmm . Look , this is between me and you , OK , Kryten ? Once , many years ago ... I went into a wine bar . - That 's it ? You went into a wine bar ? - OK . Keep it down ! - I don 't want the whole world to know . - What 's so bad about going into a ... WB ? It means I was a class traitor . I could have been on that slippery slope - hankering after pine kitchens , sleeping on futons , eating tapas . Who knows ? I could have started having " relationships " instead of " going out " , got married , got on the property ladder . Who knows where it could have ended ? Next thing you know , I 'm playing squash every Tuesday night with a bloke called Gerald . A lucky escape , man . I want to be a mechanoid again . It 's what I always have been , always will be . And no bad thing . Let 's do it . Kryten , a cartoon character called Popeye said a really profound thing . - What did he say ? - " I am what I am . " Are you sure ? I thought that was Descartes . So did I , man . It 's so easy to get those two dudes mixed up . - ( LISTER ) OK , Hol ? - I 've got it sussed . - We should try it first . - What with ? - Well , anything organic . - Hey , don 't look at me . - I 'm not . I 'm looking at that container . - Lister 's curry ? ! It 's organic . If we can change a mutton vindaloo into a chicken vindaloo , we 'll know it 's safe for Kryten . Nice idea , Goalpost-Head . - Let 's try it . - I was enjoying that ! ( COMPUTER 'S VOICE ) Gene sample accepted and cloned . Metamorphosis in progress . ( BUBBLING AND GURGLING ) - What the smeg is it ? - What have we created ? ( LISTER ) It 's the mutton vindaloo beast ! Half man , half extra-hot Indian curry ! OK . You go . I 'll cover you . - ( OTHERS ) Seriously ? ! - No ! ( ROARS ) I don 't believe I 'm running away from a psychopathic curried man ! - Is he still following us ? - Can 't you smell him ? He 's right behind us ! Remember last Easter ? The Polymorph ? That 's right . The killer shami kebab . How can the same smeg happen to the same guy twice ? Last time , it was hors d 'oeuvres . This time , it 's lunch . - Kiss your ugly ass goodbye , beast ! - ( LISTER ) Twice ! ( GUNFIRE ) Go back to the DNA suite . I 've got an idea ! Holly , I want the truth - can you make this machine work without any mistakes ? Yeah . I know what I did wrong . It 's a mistake any deranged , half-witted computer could 've made . - I can do it . Give me a chance . - That creature 's virtually indestructible . There 's only one way to beat it . Turn me into a superhuman . Man plus . Are you totally insane ? You 're letting that fruitbat of a computer diddle with your DNA ? - Have you got a better plan ? - Maybe Indian restaurant music will stop it . Or we could make a surrender flag out of flock wallpaper . The chomp thing 'll be through that door any minute now . Right . Let 's do it . ( COMPUTER 'S VOICE ) Transmogrification sequence initiated . ( GROWLS ) Metamorphosis complete . ( SQUEAKS ) Did it work ? - Kind of . - What do you mean , " kind of " ? I mean " kind of " . - ( HOLLY ) Well , getting better . - What now ? No time to change him back . Let 's scoot . Come on , stumpy . ( SQUEAKS ) Wait for me ! I can 't keep up ! I 'm knackered ! ( GROWLS ) ( ROARS IN PAIN ) Of course . Lager . The only thing that can kill a vindaloo . Has anyone got a poppadom the size of Lake Michigan ? This stuff 's really good . This guy 's pure class . # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mango juice # Goldfish shoals nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
