 ( " RED DWARF " THEME ) Well , that 's finished the test . We just have to wait for the results . I had to allow for you cheating at your eye tests . - What ? - There 's no point in lying , sir . Last night , knowing you had a medical , you copied the eye charts onto your shoes . I admit I took a peek , but I 'm a competitive man . Always have been . - That 's what makes me what I am . - We 're all aware of what you are , sir . Oh , the results . Everything ticketyboo ? Take a seat for a moment , sir . - Problem ? - You don 't have any next of kin , do you ? No , they all died of heart attacks . Not just heart attacks - aneurysms , strokes , you name it . Are you the type that , faced with bad news , prefers to hear that news unvarnished or to live in blissful ignorance of the nightmare you 're facing ? Ignorance every time . Congratulations , sir ! You 've come storming through your medical with flying colours . - See you next time . - Everything 's OK , then ? Absolutely peachy . - I want to know if something 's wrong . - If there was , I would tell you . - Even if I 'd asked you not to ? - Well , no . Then I would lie and say everything was peachy . Kryten , I want to know . Is there bad news ? Lie mode cancel . Yes , sir . I 'm afraid there is . I knew it . It 's the headaches , isn 't it ? And the palpitations , the blackouts , the chest pains and the voices , isn 't it ? Sir , you were recreated as a hologram . Your exact personality was refined to an algorithm and duplicated electronically . Any flaw in it would be duplicated also . - Flaw ? - It 's not common , but it 's possible for a hologram to die . Kryten , get to the point before I make your nose the filling of a buttock sandwich . As a result of both genetics and environment , you are prone to stress-related disorders , and your activities over the past few years have pushed your brain beyond breaking point . ( WHEEZES AND HYPERVENTILATES ) Your T-count , the hologrammatic equivalent of blood pressure , is higher than a hippy at an open-air festival . If you wish to avoid a gigantic electronic aneurysm , you must start on a program of relaxation . I see . And you thought the best way to start was to tell me my brain 's about to explode . You 've got the bedside manner of an abattoir gutter . Here 's what I suggest . Try and avoid all stressful situations . Spend more time in your hard light form and exercise . And here ... Use these Chinese worry balls whenever you feel tense . Hey , maybe some good news . Check it out . Kryten , I don 't want the others to know about this . Behave as if everything 's normal . As you wish , sir . - There she blows . - Logging onto the ident computer . - What 's this ? - The simulant ship we totalled a while back . We 're gonna board it for supplies . Is that wise , sir ? The scan says the superstructure could go at any time . - What if some simulants survived ? - There 's an old Cat saying , " If you eat tuna , expect bones . " There 's an old human saying , " If you talk garbage , expect pain . " - We 'll take our chances man , OK ? - No K. They 're cybernetically-deranged mechanical killing machines . Not content with destroying their ship , you now want to steal their belongings ? That 's like flopping your wedding tackle into a lion 's mouth and flicking his love spuds with a wet towel . - Total insanity . - Since that refrigeration unit packed in , we 've had to live off a few handfuls of moss and fungi scraped off passing asteroids . - I can 't stand it any more . - You 'd rather have a psychopathic killer play your frontal lobes like a xylophone than have another bowl of nourishing space nettle soup ? Buddy , I 'd hand him the sticks and hold up the sheet music . Lister , they are simulants . Why should they have food supplies ? Because the ident computer says they do . Look ... - Stocked to the gills . - It 's true , sir . Simulants carry large stocks of food in order to prolong the torment of their victims . They 've kept subjects alive for 40 years in a state of perpetual agony . If we wanted to live in perpetual agony , we 'd let Lister play his guitar . - We don 't . I say drive on . - Kryten , what 's for dinner ? Tonight , sir , asteroidal lichen stew followed by dandelion sorbet . We 're going in . Sir , can 't you see your behaviour is totally irrational ? We can remove him from duty as per Space Corps Directive 196156 . 196156 ? " Any officer caught sniffing the saddle of the exercise bicycle " in the women 's gym will be discharged without trial " ? Hmm . That doesn 't quite get to the nub of the matter for me . Sir , we have enough weeds and fungus for you to scrum yourself stupid forever . This foolhardy trip beggars logic . Lister , listen to him . When is he ever wrong ? He may have a head shaped like an inexplicably popular fishing float , but he operates with total logic , and we 'd be fools to ignore him . At least let me and Mr Rimmer go instead . We are electronic life-forms and expendable . What the smeg would you know , bog-bot from hell ? There 's something else . I didn 't want to worry the Cat . The fuel tank got punctured when we hit that moon . We 're out of power in days . - What about the readouts ? - I rigged the readouts . You rigged the readouts ? ! ( WHEEZES ) I can 't breathe ! I 'm hyperventilating ! - Please , sir , don 't panic . - It 's not panic , it 's a hysterical fit ! Grind those balls , sir ! Grind them ! Let me get this straight . If we board that ship and get captured , we 're finished . However , if we don 't get captured , but the superstructure disintegrates , we 're finished . On the other hand , if we don 't get captured and the superstructure doesn 't disintegrate but we can 't find any fuel , we 're finished . - That 's about it . - After you with the balls , sir . We 're out of options . We 've got less choice than a Welsh fish and chip shop . We 've got to board that ship . Just pray the crew are rotting in Silicon Hell . - You three go . I 'm not leaving Starbug . - Fine . Unless of course something weird and hideously ironic happens , like you get boarded by a rampaging party of crazed simulants gripped by bloodlust . I 'll go and pack . Bring your brown rubber safety pants . And your hard light remote belt . We need all the hands we can muster . ( RAPID BEEPING ) - Life signs . - Those suckers 'll be lunching on laser . Last time we met I was wearing the same outfit . No one 's telling that story . I suppose now 's as good a time as any to tell you . - Tell us what ? - We can 't actually use the bazookoids . They 're for psychological reasons only . The superstructure is so unstable that even a loud noise could start a shipquake . That 's why I skipped chillies for breakfast . - Don 't look at me like that ? - Like what ? - Like a nostril hair in a Spanish omelette . - Why didn 't you tell us ? - Didn 't want you to panic . - Didn 't want us to p ... ? ! ( WHEEZES ) Let me get this clear . If we meet any deranged killing machines , we have to combat them silently ? How ? Whisper " Charge " , tippytoe up to them and chloroform them with Lister 's armpits ? Priceless . - A teleporter . - Hmm . Fully functional . - Let 's grab what we gotta and load up . - Quietly . ( RUMBLING ) It 's not gonna hold much longer . One more trip , Kryten . One more crate of red-hot West Indian pepper sauce . Shh ! Well , if it isn 't my old friends , the human vermin , the scabrous slime , the pus-sucking , puke-laden cesspits of unspeakableness . She remembers us . Annihilated my ship , slaughtered my fellow simulants and you practically destroyed me . Yes , I remember you . One thing - last time we met , I wore a black number with peach trim and gold spangles . And although this looks like the same outfit , it 's an entirely different black number with completely different gold spangles . That was an important speech , sir , but I suggest that from now on , this discourse is conducted by those with brains larger than a grape . Take it away , bud . OK , let 's visit Ronnie Real . This is a classic stalemate situation . You can 't use weapons . Neither can we . Let 's chalk this down to experience , and we 'll be on our way . Actually , as far as psychotic killer simulants go , you 're a bit of a babe . - What are you doing tonight ? - Dying . - Care to join me ? - Hey , come on . Let 's just talk , OK ? We didn 't start any of this , and I think that maybe NOW ... is a good time to parley . Let 's not hang around . Get on with it . There is nothing to discuss . In 60 seconds , you 'll be dead . - You can 't be serious . - I 'm totally serious . I don 't believe you 're being serious . I do not understand why you 're having such problems grasping this concept . I 'm a totally ruthless , amoral killing machine , so why , in the name of all that 's putrid , don 't you believe I 'm serious ? I 'll say this once more . You can still change your mind . Think about all we 've been through . Doesn 't that mean anything to you ? ( CRASHING ) Cheers , Rimmer ! He 's started a shipquake ! - The superstructure 's disintegrating ! - The teleporter ! I must warn you , the teleporter 's not calibrated for human tissue . There 's a 20 % chance you 'll be turned inside out . Let me check my lining . Innards and lavender , I can carry that off . - ( CAT ) What 's this ? - This is a week last Thursday . I must have made a programming error . Kryten ! You can 't burst in on an earlier version of yourself without warning ! You 've made everything totally surreal now . I 'm very cross ! Pardon my paradox , but the simulant ship you encounter ... We don 't want to know ! Don 't compound your temporal faux pas by disclosing our future . Where 's the rangy , handsome one ? You ? You scarpered in that escape pod , you slimy , triple-faced , back-stabbing Judas . Ah ! I 'm safe , then ? Thank God for that . Don 't talk to them ! Get back to your own damn time line ! - Here we go . - Be you later . Let 's get out ! It 's gonna blow ! All in all , 100 % successful trip . But , sir , we lost Mr Rimmer . All in all , 100 % successful trip . - I can 't believe he did that . - Sir , I didn 't tell you before , but I discovered that Mr Rimmer is suffering from a stress-related nervous disorder . When I see him he 'll be suffering from a fist-related teeth disorder . - Incoming message . - My escape plan worked , then ? - What escape plan ? - Setting off the disintegration of the ship by bravely leaping into the escape pod , creating a diversion , so you could ... - Actually , how did you escape ? - The teleporter . That wasn 't the only way . I 'm sure no one 's forgetting the manliness of the diversionary part of the plan , and to hasten the recovery of the modest hero . - Actually , Flash , that might be a problem . - What ? You 're accelerating way above our top speed . I 've logged into your ident computer . Simulants looted the pod from a seeding ship . There are no controls . It is programmed to find the nearest planet with an atmosphere . - How long to get me back ? - Well , let 's see . Checking the local area . No , nothing there . Going to mid-range ... Er , still nothing . Going to long-range ... Long-long-range ... Long-long-long-range . Ah , here we have it , just computing . - Well ? How long ? - Have you still got those worry balls , sir ? - Yes . - Well , start grinding like never before . - How long ? - Let me tell him , Kryten . - How long ? - A year and a half . That 's ridiculous ! Get me back . We could bring you down with a laser cannon , sir . Form an orderly queue behind the gun sight . - Another way ! - Sir , there are no other options . Wait . Something 's happening . Course change . Check . Your guidance system 's found a nearer S3 planet . It 's taking you through that wormhole at 495372 . You should make planetfall in four days . Isn 't there a time-dilation problem with wormholes ? Well , yes . Since you 're travelling through a compressed space , time moves more swiftly passing though the wormhole . One minute this side represents years on the other . So , is that good ? Balls on standby , sir . - More than a year and a half ? - Yes . - How much more ? - Let 's not beat around a bush - a lot . - That 's still beating about the bush . - Remember that medieval war , sir ? - The Thirty Years ' War ? - No , the other one . - The Hundred Years ' War ? ! - Take that figure , multiply it by six , then you get your golden number , sir . - Six hundredyears ? ! - Pinch me ! We 're losing contact , any minute . Six hundred years with myself as company ? I 'll go mad ! There 's an old Cat saying ... but you don 't want to hear it . On the upside , the pod 's stocked with solar accelerators . That 'll keep your hard light drive going . As the pod came from a seeding ship , it may have terraforming equipment , possibly with a genetic capability . I 'll never survive . I 'm not the Robinson Crusoe type . I 'm lousy at woodwork , no good in the wild . At school , it took me five terms to make a tentpeg . How long will it take to build a two-storey home with running water and a patio ? Six hundred years ? I 'll still be planing ! Losing contact any second . See you in eight lifetimes . One last word , sir - remember your condition . Try and avoid stressful situations . Whatever befalls you , greet it with a smile and a song . You are a total , total , complete , utter , total ... - He 's gone . - What do we do now ? Nothing we can do , I know for a fact there 's no champagne . To us , Mr Rimmer will be gone for just a few hours , but Mr Rimmer will have to wait six centuries for us . To hell with the champagne , we can celebrate with urine resyc . This is the personal log of Space Corps hologram Arnold J Rimmer . Day 1 . After landing , I ventured forth to explore the place I would be calling home for the next two thirds of a millennium . A desert planet , the only life-forms the most basic single-celled protozoa and me . Relationships would be difficult , but not impossible . I repaired to the pod to appraise the supply situation . The pod had indeed been looted from a seeding ship . Among the supplies , I found two strange devices labelled " eco-accelerator rockets " . I held out little hope that they might improve my lot , but launched them anyway . For six days , the planet was wracked with storms , the like of which I had never witnessed before . Then , just as suddenly , they stopped . In just six days , I had created my own world , lush and verdant . I had created Rimmerworld . I was Adam in my own Eden , and only one thing was missing - my own Jane . As I studied the pod 's textbooks , my excitement grew . It seemed entirely possible to create a fully grown female clone using my own DNA as a template . This , of course , created the most enormous moral dilemma . Technically , she would be my sister , unable to be a lover . After much soul searching , I reluctantly decided . What the hell ? I just wouldn 't tell her . After months of careful nurture , the cocoon cracked . Something had gone hideously wrong . The clone was just an identical copy of me . I went back to the manuals and tried again . There she blows , an S3 planet . Navicomp locked . Entering atmosphere . Got something . Try quadrant four-niner-seven-two . - Scan says there 's life signs . - Confirmed . Thousands of them . Either Mr Rimmer had the incredible good fortune to land on a populated planet , or ... - Or what ? - It 's too hideous to contemplate . Preparing to land . - Wait . Nasal alert ! - You 're getting something ? I sure am . My nasal hairs are quivering like an opera singer 's bosom on the high notes . - Halt , abomination ! - Rimmer ? - Silence , travesty . - Rimmer ? Never have I seen such a hideously formed or unnaturally freakish deviant . Rimmer ? ! Silence , mutant ! How dare you stand there and address a norm using that face ! It 's a revolting insult against nature . This might sound a bit corny , but ... I can 't bring myself to say it . Say what ? - Take us to your leader . - Sir , how could you ? Let the Great One judge them . Who disturbs our royal snooze ? - Rimmer ? It 's us . - Dear lord , what created such foulness ? Is this the product of a marriage ' twixt woman and gerbil ? 600 years ago ? We were shipmates . We 've come to save you . We found them in the woods , Your Flared-Nostrilness and brought them to be tried as travesties . That ain 't goalpost-head . He doesn 't smell right . Agreed , he scans as organic , not hologram . The " H " is an affectation , possibly a symbol of power . These deformed monsters are no sight for my concubines . My treasures of pulchritude , run along . Avert your eyes from her great beauty . ( GRUNTS ) Let the trial begin before my jacuzzi water grows tepid . These abominations stand charged on eight counts of gross deviancy . Not content with looking abnormal , they flaunt freakish behaviour such as charm , bravery , compassion and ... honour . Are there no signs of normalcy ? No cowardice or pomposity ? No snideyness or smarm ? Not even basic honest-to-goodness double-dealing two-facedness ? They didn 't even attempt to sell each other out for freedom . They lack even the most basic natural drives . - How do you plead ? - We wish to speak to the hologram Rimmer . I am he ! Not so . We seek your creator , the father of your people , the first true Rimmer , the template for your species . Enough of this heresy . At the stroke of dawn , take them out and kill them . And when you 've killed them , burn the bodies , then bring me the cold ashes on a plate ... with a glass of chilled Sancerre . This guy 's an animal . Doesn 't he know it 's red wine with cold ashes ? - Rimmer ? - Smell checks out . That truly is toilet-brush hair himself . Of course ! I remember . Custer ! Derek Custer ! Kit ! Titan ! - What 's happened ? - How long have you been in this pit ? Speed count mode ... 557 years ? ! - You 've been stuck here all this time ? - What happened ? Can you imagine a society composed entirely of me ? I 'm trying not to . Last time I did that , it took me a week to dry the mattress . Thousands upon thousands of back-stabbing , treacherous , hypocritical , cowardly Judases . They overthrew me . When they found out they couldn 't damage my hard light drive , they locked me away to protect their insane lust for power . Look , I can understand that , but what have they got against me , Derek and Titan ? Anyone who deviates from the template is reviled . They 're banished from society . Anyone who displays behaviour deemed un-Rimmerlike is punished by death . Is that why no one is brave , sexy , noble or charming ? - All crimes here . - I must be public enemy number 1 , 2 and 3 . Don 't they realise societies can only evolve through mutations in the gene pool . Without richness or variety , congenital disorders and lunacy are commonplace . Who can forget the insane European monarchies of the 19th and 20th centuries ? - Oh , what have I created ? - Your very own personal hell . Fun though it 's been hearing about your 500 years of misery , shouldn 't we make skedaddle plans ? I can 't bear the prospect of being burned alive . Flames and peach ? I 'd rather die ! - Have you tried escaping , Rimmer ? - It 's a planet of back-stabbing slimeballs . I 'd be sold back immediately . There 's got to be a way out . There 's not a prison built that can hold Derek Custer . Why don 't we scrape away this mortar , slide a brick out , then using rope weaved from strands of hessian , rig up a pulley system , the guard hits a trip wire , gets laid out , we put Rimmer in the guard 's uniform , we steal some swords , and fight our way out ? Or we could use the teleporter . Or , at a pinch , we could use the teleporter . I 've done it again ! Two anomalies in one day . I must have accessed the previous calibration . - Sorry , we 're escaping from Rimmerworld ... - Don 't tell them the future . Rimmer doesn 't want to know he gets persecuted for six centuries by his clones . Careful , bud . You almost let slip that he spends the next 557 years in a dungeon . - Rimmerworld ? - I 'm saying nothing , man . - Can 't spoil the surprise . - Rimmerworld was weeks ago . We 're more concerned about the hideous thing that 's happened to Lister . - Yeah , where are you ? - Yeah , where am I ? I wanna know ! # It 's cold outside , there 's no kind of atmosphere # I 'm all alone , more or less # Let me fly far away from here # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # I want to lie , shipwrecked and comatose # Drinking fresh mangojuice # Goldfish shoals , nibbling at my toes # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun # Fun , fun , fun # In the sun , sun , sun #
