 It 's that time of year , when I race to the ends of the sky on my bike . The morning sun that seems to overflow unravels my heart . Every day I strive to make that dream come true . I had forgotten the gentleness of the blowing breeze . The world gets bigger and bigger and I think I can smile brighter and brighter . If I take a good listen and reach my arms out wide . Bright shining clouds drift by . Get out of my way ! If you don 't , I 'll run you over ! Sorry ! Miku Steps Into the Ring . Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to TWP , Tokyo Women 's Professional Wrestling . Today , we 'd like to introduce you to the Pretty Four . Neo-Pro Wrestling proudly presents these super girls to the entertainment world . The title of their debut song is " Dream Sensation " ? Jeez , that 's a tongue twister . Honey , we 've got a problem . Miku 's not here . Miku ? Yep , she flaked . Great ... On the day of the record 's release ... It 's not a record , it 's a CD . Is this lipstick too much ? No , it 's perfect ! Too much is your style . Who the hell cares about your lipstick ? Where is Miku ? No need to get so worked up . The CD is just a side thing for us . That 's just great . I busted my butt for you girls and finally got you a record deal . And you even went out and rented yourself a tux . And a bowtie ... I 'm all for this . I want to put out a CD . I love the music business . You really don 't know where Miku is ? Probably at Neo Budohkan . Here she comes , Aquamarine ! Last month , after a two year hiatus , she finally returned to the Neo Woman 's Wrestling World and wrestled the JWMF champion belt from Sapphire ... Queen Aquamarine ! What sort of battle does she have in store for us today ? I made it ! In the red corner ... Mad Kong ! The evil flower that blossoms in the ring . Known for her dirty tactics ... The personification of evil itself . And here she is , Aquamarine ! For the first time in two years ... Her activities in the United States are shrouded in mystery but whatever it was , her skills and popularity haven 't suffered . She truly is the goddess of mystery , a superhero ! She 's so awesome ! And now , it 's time for the match to begin . Go , Aquamarine ! That 's it ! The Killer Antoinette , it always gets the job done . Just like the guillotine blade that ended the life of Marie Antoinette Aquamarine 's killer move . An impressive victory in the very first round of the challenge for the championship title . She 's done it , Aquamarine ! You idiot ! You idiot ! I 'm sorry . Look , Miku . You haven 't even made your debut yet . We were trying to create some hype with the debut event ... But I 'd much rather be strong than be a singer . And you think you can become strong watching Aqua-Pudding fight ? It 's Aquamarine , hon . I wish I could have gone . Me too . There 's nothing like the rush of seeing a good fight . And you girls ! I am acting in lieu of your parents . I won 't allow this sort of behavior anymore ! Yes , Sir . Masayo , you deal with this . But , my helmet ... The record company , the hotel costs ... . Oh , my head aches ! As your punishment , you will clean the gym for the next week . No mops , you can scrub the floor by hand . That 'll build up your legs and back . But ... It 's only fair . You did go off on your own to see Aquamarine 's fight . Clean , clean ! So is this Aquamarine a problem ? It 's not so much that she 's a problem but I 'd like to see Sapphire take the championship belt back . I don 't understand why someone like you is so interested in professional wrestling . You , my daughter , the heiress to Shibano Consulting it 's not exactly appropriate . Neo Pro Wrestling is only a small part of the show business industry . It does make a profit . It 's popularity is growing , and I think it 's a business that is about to sky rocket . A lot of organizations are predicting success and are jumping on the band wagon . For example , the up and coming TWP who are gaining recognition with their pop star singer-wrestlers . What ? Pop star singer-wrestlers , eh ... Yes , a former factory foreman named Harajuku ... He set out to start a talent agency but his wife is a former wrestler and before they knew it , they were the Neo Pro Wrestling Teams . Harajuku ? Could it be Tokichiro Harajuku ? What ? Father , you know him ? Tokichiro Harajuku . What 's the matter ? The rival teams must be eliminated . Your Shibano Women 's World Pro Wrestling team must be number one in the Neo Pro-Wrestling world . We can 't have anything taint the world wide reputation of Shibano Consulting . I don 't care how you do it . You must wipe out our rivals . Father ... Yoko . This isn 't a project for you as my daughter It will be a test of your business skills . Finally finished . Good work ! Kinta ... I heard you went to see Aquamarine 's fight . How was it ? It was awesome ! With that sure-fire Killer Antoinette move ... In no time ... You can , Miku ! Really ? Sure ! Hey , I finished your metal suits for the debut match . This is so cool ! You like it ? Thank you Kinta ! Hey , ow ! Listen up , girls . What is it , Mom ? I 've got the rotation for the match . First up is Sayaka . Then Nana . Miku , second in command . Ginko 's the captain . What ? Just like that , I 'm second in command ? It 's your debut match . You want to be visible . That 's right . We 're giving you the big push , Miku . I hope I 'll be all right . Don 't worry , Miku , we 'll make you look good . Just don 't fumble when we pass you the energy ball . It 's a major drag if you do . You 're one to talk . You fumbled and had a panic attack in your debut match . Hey , why do you have to go there ? That 's it , play nice . You girls be careful , don 't get hurt . Boss , someone 's here to see you . You 're Mr. Harajuku , the representative ? I 'm Yoko Shibano , I represent the Shibano Women 's World Wrestling Team . S-Shibano ? Are you Kozo Shibano 's daughter ? Yes . I 've come here today to give you this , as a representative of the Neo Pro Wrestling Commission . Is something the matter ? Get a hold of yourself , dear . I 'm sorry , he just gets a little nervous around pretty girls . Let me see here ... An announcement for the JWMF championship ... JWMF Champion ? It 's a championship tournament open to all leagues to determine the champion of the Neo Pro-Wrestling World . The champion ... Isn 't that Aquamarine ? It 's a tournament to qualify for the match to fight for the champion belt that Aquamarine holds . You will participate , won 't you ? This is a bit of a surprise ... What do you think , hon ? I-I am totally against it ! The girls are already the champions of TWP . They don 't need to fight any other leagues . Champions ? But the TWP is just one team . All you do is hire wrestlers from abroad and from other teams ... to have matches . If you don 't participate , it will only reflect badly on you . No , those girls have plenty of fans . They don 't need to be a part of this sort of tournament . Are you sure it isn 't because you don 't think they can win ? Think what you like . But we will have nothing to do with a " universal championship " . Please leave now . You didn 't have to turn her down so rudely . No , that was perfectly fine . Really , don 't you think you should discuss it with them ? No , it isn 't necessary . Especially for Miku , she 's about to have her first match . So that 's Miku , the new girl . They already love her . I wonder if she 's any good . Sayaka ! Ginko ! Nana ! The Star of the Beauties , Miku ! Together , we 're the Pretty Four ! Here goes ! Sayaka ! I had my guard down . Sayaka ! Nana 's up , I 'm next . What is that ? It 's a weakness detector . That 's Nana 's trademark . All right ! Good one ! Nana ! Oh no , she 's not gonna make it ! I 'm next . I 've got to go for it ! Nana , watch out ! You idiot , what are you doing ? But it 's my turn . Sorry Miku . I 'll just beat the crap out of her , then you can go . What the hell are you lookin ' at ? Ginko , give it to me . No , I 'm fine . Ginko , switch off ! All right ! Finally , the new girl . Keep shooting . Yeah , yeah . Princess Rosemary Crush ! Oh no , her new metal suit ! Her metal suit 's broken . Yeah ... Who the hell are you ? What the ... That 's enough ! Moonlight Jewels ! So , the TWP is just playing " wrestling " after all . Now I know why you 're running from the championship . What do you mean , running from the championship ? Who the hell are you , barging in our match ? You won 't get away with this ! You bastards ... Boss ! Get them , kick their butts ! Pitiful ... So , what 's it going to be , girls ? We 'll fight you . All right ! I 'll get you for ruining my debut match . Don 't you forget it ! I love comics and donuts and your rose colored smile . Cheer up ! An angel without wings is just an ordinary person . Plain old hard work is more important than magic . In a swing hung from the crescent moon there you shall rest . Brighter than a diamond the sparkle of your eyes is 1,000 carats . Put your hands in your pockets . One day , they will come true the dreams that only you can dream . Who is this drunk ? What , he 's our new coach ? At about the same time we found out who we 'd be fighting in round one of the universal championship . The demolition crew from hell , the Crushers . Can we beat a group of monsters like them ? Next time ... Miku Practices Hard ! Miku 's Special Kick !
