 Hurry and get him outta there ! I need two men on the left side ! Now ! - Wait ! Where are you going with him ? - He 's dead . There 's a woman over there who isn 't and she needs oxygen ! Step back ! Sir , if you 'll just cooperate here a little bit . - l want you to rise ! - Amen . Rise up and heal ! - What are you doing ? - The boy 's laying on hands . - Rise up and accept the miracle he has given . - Amen . Hallelujah . You don 't understand . The man 's dead . Then the boy can 't do any harm , can he ? This is the power of belief . The power to separate the light from the darkness , to create life from death . Amen . All right , everyone ! Show 's over ! Let 's clear the area ! Hallelujah , Samuel . Hallelujah . Yes , indeedy ! Oh , hallelujah ! Hallelujah , brother ! Praise God ! Yes , indeedy ! Praise God ! - l want everybody to say " Hallelujah ! " - Hallelujah ! Praise the Lord ! The woman on the table has a malignant tumour on her spine . This boy here is gonna attempt to heal her by simply laying his hands on her . - Where 'd you get this ? - From the regional office in Tennessee . - The preacher is ... - Reverend Calvin Hartley . - You 've heard of him ? - The boy is his adopted son , Samuel . He says he found him as an infant lying in the weeds on the banks of the Mississippi . He also claims the boy brought a man back from the dead . It 's more than a claim . The man he saved is an attraction in the reverend 's tent ministry . The boy 's performed miracles every week for the past ten years . - Twice on Sunday . - Not according to Kenwood 's county sheriff . Local authorities think that Reverend Hartley and his son are a scam . They haven 't been able to shut him down , so they 've turned to the fbi to try and get a prosecution . - For what ? Fraud ? - No . Murder . Watch the tape . Lucy Kelly has the cancer . Her doctors say it is inoperable . They say it is incurable . But I say to you that what the doctors cannot cure the Lord can . Yes , indeedy , praise God ! Because God can work ... miracles . Today the clear light of God 's healing love is flowing through Samuel 's healing hands . 20 minutes later , Lucy Kelly was rushed to the hospital . She was dead on arrival . - What was the cause of death ? - l don 't know , but it wasn 't cancer . They 've requested someone with a medical background to assist in the investigation . - l know this isn 't an X-File ... - When do we leave for Tennessee ? I think I saw some of these same people at Woodstock . Mulder , you weren 't at Woodstock . - l saw the movie . - There you go . - Will you be all right by yourself ? - l 'll be fine . I won 't be long . Most of you here today I know as neighbours and as cherished members of our Miracle Ministry . But some of you have come from far away . As far away as Pensacola , Florida ! And Uniondale , Long lsland ! And this is especially to those of you who come from so far , that I must apologise from the bottom of my heart because , unfortunately , Samuel cannot be here this afternoon . I know how very deeply disappointed each of you must be feeling right now . But I say unto you , do not be dismayed , do not despair , do not lose your hope ! Because in two short days Samuel will be back here at our very special Miracle Mission ! Yes , indeedy , praise God ! We should head backstage and see what he has to say . No , wait . This is the part where they bring out Elvis . As these people will testify , Samuel can heal you ! Yes . Samuel will heal you ! But ... only if you believe . I believe , reverend ! I believe ! - Fine sermon , reverend . - God bless you . Reverend Hartley ? We 're with the fbi . I see Sheriff Daniels has sent in the cavalry . - We just want to talk to Samuel , that 's all . - He 's not here . - Well , where is he ? - l don 't know . I haven 't seen him . - The boy 's been a bit troubled lately . - We 're running late , reverend . If you 'll excuse me . - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah . - Sheriff Daniels . We spoke on the phone . - Yeah . This is Special Agent Dana Scully . - You wanted a copy of the coroner 's report . - Right . Thank you . I see you folks got a chance to take in the Holy Roller sideshow . I take it you 're not one of the Reverend Hartley 's flock . No , I remember Hartley when he was on his soapbox collecting dollar bills in coffee cans . Since the boy joined the act , he 's got himself a Cadillac for every day of the week , bought for with money that we need for roads and schools . People want to believe , you know ? 99 % of the people in this world are fools . And the rest of us are in great danger of contagion . Even if Hartley and Samuel are fakes , it 's still a long way from accusing the boy of murder . I got witnesses that say the boy was laying hands on those people when they died . You think that 's how he killed them ... with a touch ? I don 't know how or why he did it . But we 've been looking for him since Tuesday and he does not wanna be found . There 's nothing unusual about these reports , except that no autopsies were performed . Hartley blocked my autopsy request on religious grounds . Also doesn 't help that the county coroner is a member of the Miracle Ministry . Well , maybe we can arrange to have the bodies exhumed . Sheriff ... lt 's Hartley 's group . Damn . I told my people to keep quiet so this wouldn 't happen . Looks like you might have a few believers on the payroll . On behalf of the Miracle Ministry , we demand that you stop this sacrilege ! You 're notjust dealing with me , Vance . You 're dealing with the fbi . We don 't mean you any disrespect . We 're investigating a possible homicide and federal law requires that we do a postmortem on these bodies . I 'm afraid we answer to an even higher authority than the US Government . One that considers gravedigging and defiling corpses mortal sins . We 'll get that autopsy . - Sooner or later , you know we will . - The deceased 's family does not want her grave disturbed . Carol Wallace had no family ! We were her family . We ... were her family . And it was hard enough to bury her once . So if you insist on going through with this , we are prepared to maintain a vigil and do whatever it takes to stop you ! Mulder . Scully . One of my men just spotted the boy 's car downtown . - We can 't do much here anyway . - Let 's go . Not a very likely place to be saving souls . - Where 's the boy ? - He 's in the can . - What happened ? - That damn fool started a fight . Figures them Bible-thumpers wouldn 't know how to hold their liquor . Where you been , Samuel ? We 've been looking for you . Yeah ? I 've been thinking . Well , you 're gonna have plenty of time for that in my cell . You 're under arrest . - For murder ? - For suspicion of murder . Mind if I finish my beer first ? No , you go right on ahead . I 'll have somebody take your statement . I 'll see what I can do about getting your Caddy towed . Sheriff ? What evidence do you have to charge the boy with murder ? What more do you want ? He 's practically giving himself up . Look at him , though . He 's drunk . Well , then I 'll add drunk and disorderly . Let 's get this straight . It 's not a question about the boy 's guilt , just how he did it . Let me have a minute with him ? Suit yourself . Samuel ? I 'm Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . From the fbi . Looks like you took quite a beating there . Penance , Mr Mulder . Some might call it a plain old bar brawl . You know what they say ... " He giveth and he taketh away . " A man gets too proud , sometimes it does him good to get the crap kicked out of him . - Saves God the trouble . - The trouble of what ? Humbling the guilty sinner . Guilty of murder ? Yes , sir . How 'd you do it , Samuel ? Apparently , my pride and weakness were an invitation to the devil . I muddied the river of my own faith . - Now my gift has been corrupted . - So you killed those people with a touch ? I 've laid my hands on the ill , given them health . I 've healed the sick . I 've even touched the dying and given them life . God has given me a special gift . Did he buy you all thatjewellery , too ? There 's something missing in your story , Samuel . - Do you doubt the power of God , ma 'am ? - No . But I doubt the veracity of your claims . I have looked on the infirm and seen their sickness , their cancer . Just as I can see the pain on this man right here . Really ? What pain is that ? The pain you have ... regarding a brother or a sister. lt 's an old pain . - lt 's never been healed . - ls this a trick ? No trick , ma 'am . - l think we should get the sheriff . - l want to hear more about this pain . Tell me . I can see it , plain as day . It was a sister . You lost a sister quite young . - Someone took her away . - What else do you see ? Strangers . A bright light . Sheriff ? You should have come here earlier . I could have healed your pain . - Let 's get this over with . - Another minute . I can 't help you . Not any more . - My gift is gone . - Cuff him . All right , let 's go . You have the right to remain silent ... I 'll tell you , Mr Mulder ... God watches over his flock . He gives us signs every day . Open your heart . He mightjust open your eyes . How do you think he does it ? I don 't know . Given his exemplary record and the circumstantial nature of this case , I ask that my client be released on his own recognisance , without bail ... Judge , that is not a good idea ! - Samuel ! - Let me go and it 'll be on your head ! Enough ! This is not a pulpit , this is a court of law. ls that understood ? Yes , sir . Sorry . Your Honour , despite the defendant 's avowed guilt , we see no reason to burden the county with his maintenance until trial . But we do request a minimum bail of $ 100,000 . All right. lf there are no objections , bail is set at $ 100,000 ... to be deposited directly into the clerk 's probation account . My God ! What is it ? My God ! My God ! What is it ? What is it ? How much more will it take for you to believe ? The Lord has testified against me ! Does a serpent have to bite you all on the ass till you understand ? ! Everybody ! Clear this courtroom ! " And when it was morning , the east wind brought the locusts . " " And the locusts covered the face of the whole earth , so that the land was darkened , and they did eat every herb of the land ... - Why , Mulder ? - and all the fruit of the trees ... " A few thousand grasshoppers does not constitute a plague . Besides which , we 're in farm country . This area is an agricultural smorgasbord for this type of infestation . Yeah , maybe in a cornfield , but this happened in a courtroom . So what 's next ? Slaying of the first-born ? Mulder , does this have something to do with what Samuel said in the bar ? About your sister ... ? I had these patient cases sent over from Kenwood County Hospital . These are cases of patients who went to Samuel after conventional treatments failed . " Spontaneous remission of metastatic cancer . " " Regenerated nerve growth after paraplegia . " I 've encountered dozens of psychic healers in the X-Files , but none like this . - l think the kid 's for real . - Mulder , this is intriguing , but there 's a whole library of medical literature dealing with unexplained spontaneous cures . Now , Western medicine treats the human body in biochemical terms , right ? But the body can also be treated as an electromagnetic system . So you think if Samuel can repair this energy field in order to heal , he can also destroy it in order to kill ? Why not ? OK . Say that Samuel 's touch can kill . Why would he want to ? Well , you heard him - he muddied the river of his own faith . That means he 's ... lf you 're available , the reverend would like to see you . I 've been under a lot of stress lately , which I know doesn 't excuse my rude behaviour yesterday , but I hope ... somehow you find it in your hearts to forgive me . Why did you want to speak with us ? I need your help . Samuel 's being tried for murder . What you need is a good lawyer . - Samuel is innocent . - How can you be sure of that ? Because he 's my son . I don 't think that argument will work on ajury . Samuel 's confession won 't help much either . You have to understand . Samuel is a very complicated young man . He feels things ... like no one else . To him a pinprick becomes a gaping wound . His power ... comes from this ability to feel . But , you see , some people fear that power . And out of their weakness and their fear , they seek to destroy it . You mean Sheriff Daniels . It 's no secret that Sheriff Daniels has tried to shut me down since I first opened the tent ten years ago . Well , he thinks that your ministry is a fraud . He 's a faithless man , Agent Scully . His wife suffers from a most painful arthritis , her fingers twisted like bitter roots , yet he keeps Samuel from ministering to her . In light of recent events , you can 't blame him . I don 't know how those poor people died . I can 't explain that , which is why I 'm asking you to be there tonight , so you could see for yourselves Samuel doing God 's work . Can I count on you both to be there ? I think so . Mulder , what do you think ? Excuse me . - Hey , where did she go ? - Who ? - The little girl . - There 's no little girl around here . Mulder ? - What is it ? - lt 's a girl . Who , Jessica Hahn ? A little girl . - Thank you . - Thank you . Well , brothers and sisters , help yourselves . Let the folks with the wheelchairs through . That 's right , don 't be shy . Hello , there . Welcome to the Miracle Ministry . - Y 'all come to see Samuel tonight ? - Yes . - ls he going to be here ? The papers said ... - Oh , don 't mind the papers ! God 's work will be done . Young Samuel 's here to cast out the devil and heal the sick . - Did you hear that , honey ? - Will he be able to see me ? Well , I 'll tell you what . I 'm gonna put in a special word , hm ? - What 's your name ? - Margaret Hohman . Margaret , you wait right here . I 'm gonna see if I can 't get somebody to put you in the front row . How 'd that be ? I can 't go out there . Not after what 's happened . God tests the faith in us all , son . And because he 's chosen you to act in his likeness , he 's given you the toughest test of all . Do not forsake your gift , Samuel . Oh , man ! I 'm a preacher , son . That 's my gift . But all the preaching in the world could never equal even a small miracle in consolidating the faith and hope of these people . Let this man , whose life you saved , give witness tonight to the grace and goodness of your healing power . They 're all waiting on you , Samuel . Here we go ! Here he is ! Get ready for the Reverend Calvin Hartley ! Yes , indeedy ! Praise God ! Hallelujah ! Hallelujah ! Praise the Lord ! Praise the Lord ! - Amen ! Tell it , brother ! - l 'm ready ! God is here tonight . Oh , yes ! Pass it down , please . I feel his presence ! Oh , amen ! - Apparently miracles don 't come cheap . - God is here , and he is here to heal ! Yes , heal ! Hallelujah ! There 's a man I 'd like to introduce to you . A man who has seen the face of God , but who was not satisfied to go to that great place . Oh , no . No , God had work for him to do right here on earth . As it is in heaven ! I saw this man come back - from beyond death 's door ! - Praise his name ! He stands here today as a living testament to the ability of God to work miracles . Ladies and gentlemen , brothers and sisters , our beloved friend Leonard Vance . As it says in John , chapter three , no man can do these miracles unless God be with him . That man to whom I owe my life is Samuel Hartley . And he is here tonight to heal you . Thank you . Ladies and gentlemen , God 's soldier - Samuel Hartley . Mulder ? Receive God 's love . Feel the power of God . Pray with me . Close your eyes . - What have you done ? - OK , everyone , remain calm . Give the young woman room here . Praise God ! Somebody get an ambulance ! It 's all right . Don 't panic ! She 's dead . Beloved friends , children of God , brothers and sisters , if you desecrate the body , then you slay the soul ! Let 's keep this poor woman 's body intact . We know that Reverend Hartley 's been pressuring you , but this is the third death linked with the Miracle Ministry . Reverend Hartley says an autopsy is against scripture . What illness did your daughter suffer from , Mr Hohman ? She had MS. Has she ever had a seizure before this ? Not to my knowledge . You see , I think that the seizure she had is indicative of some kind of embolism or aneurysm . The boy only touched her forehead . And are you going to be content to bury her without knowing the true cause of death ? Without knowing if there was foul play involved ? Give me a moment . You think the boy really did it ? No . Why not ? I was raised a Catholic . I have a certain familiarity with the scripture . And God never lets the devil steal the show . You must have liked The Exorcist . One of my favourite movies . So , who were you pursuing in the crowd tonight ? I thought I saw someone I knew . The boy really has you going , doesn 't he ? Why do you say that ? In the bar , Samuel mentioned your sister . is it your sister you keep thinking you 're seeing ? I 've seen her twice now . - Maybe you just want to see her . - l 'm not delusional , Scully . Don 't discount the power of suggestion . A healer 's greatest magic lies in the patient 's willingness to believe . Imagine a miracle and you 're halfway there . We learned that in med school . You think this is what Margaret Hohman and her parents were imagining ? We 're going to go along with your investigation . It 's 11 : 21pm , March 7th . Subject 's name is Margaret Hohman . Female , Caucasian , 107 pounds . - Mulder , take a look at this . - Do I have to ? Lesions on the lungs. I 'm finding them throughout the cardiovascular and pulmonary systems . There 's also a lot of damage to the mucus membranes. I think that she must have died from cellular hypoxia . A lack of oxygen to the cells . - What would cause that ? - My guess , ingestion or injection of sodium or potassium cyanide . Maybe arsenic. I won 't know exactly until I run a toxicology screen . - How soon ? - Labs won 't be open till morning . See who you can push to do it . As soon as possible . Samuel ? It 's Agent Mulder . Yeah ? What do you want ? I want to talk with you . If you 'd prefer your attorney were present ... Whatever . No . I put a call in to Sheriff Daniels . He 's on his way down here . I 'm going to ask him to release you . Why are you doing this ? You were there , man . You saw for yourself . Did you poison Margaret Hohman ? Did I poison her ? Did you poison her using potassium or sodium cyanide ? That 's what killed her . - What are you talking about ? - You 're innocent , Samuel . Unless you had a hand in administering it , and I don 't think you did . - Whatever the cause , I am responsible ! - The evidence will be presented tomorrow . Habeas corpus law will force them to release you . - You might as well go home and rest . - Just leave me alone , OK ? If you think that the punishment for your sins is the deaths of those people ... The Lord has testified against me , Mr Mulder ! I can 't argue with your biblical rhetoric , but I do know that the law will find you innocent ! You said you could see my pain . Look at me . What do you see now ? I see nothing . I 'm blind . I don 't believe you. I 've seen her . - lt was her , wasn 't it ? - Your sister ? You made her appear to me , didn 't you ? - Look at me ! - l am very tired , Mr Mulder . is she alive ? ! is that what I 'm meant to believe or is this a trick ? You mean a trick of the devil ? Jailer ! - l see I 'm a little late for this ball . - l called you down here to release the boy . - On what pretence ? - His innocence . Aren 't you a little out of your depth here ? This may be hicksville to you , but we do try and hew to the legal system . I don 't want a fight . He 's determined to stay anyway . - What does that tell you ? - lt tells me you 're determined to charge him while your real homicide suspect is still at large . Got some company for you , Sam . What are you looking at ? I 'll get it. I 'll get it . Ma 'am . Sheriff . Hey , Dennis . - How are you ? - Just fine , ma 'am . Just fine . - Except we had an incident at the jail . - What incident , Tyson ? The preacher boy ... He 's dead . He was alone when Mulder left him this morning . How could this happen ? The boy started a fight with a couple of rowdies we picked up on a dui . Took some pretty mean blows to the head . Died before the ambulance got here . - His blood is spilled and it 's all over you ! - Reverend ... How long will you hide behind that badge before the truth is revealed ? I have work to do . Reverend Hartley ... We 're sorry for your loss . That boy ... He was blessed . He never hurt a soul . Our friends will know about Samuel sooner than later . And it 's probably best if they hear it from you . Come on . Ma 'am . You 've got that look on your face . What look is that ? The kind when you 've forgotten your keys and you 're trying to figure out what to do . What exactly are we trying to find ? Clues ? Oh . What does that mean ? Let 's find out . Scully ! It 's potato . Someone left a trail of food in the ventilation system leading to the courtroom . You dump your locusts in here ... - Instant plague . - Where did they all come from ? Biological supply houses usually hatch them on order to farms and universities . It shouldn 't be too hard to find out who set this up . And you think whoever did this is responsible for the murders ? You 're dead . They killed you . I was dead . - But here I am . - No ! Why did you betray me ? You murdered those people . They came to me to be healed and you murdered them . Why ? After I gave you back your life . You call this life ? ! What in tarnation do you want ? We 're here to arrest Leonard Vance . Where is he ? - You must be mistaken . - l 'm afraid not . We traced a pesticide order to him from a company in Knoxville . Cyanogen bromide - it 's a cyanide derivative . Leonard poisoned those people . Get your clothes on , Vance . You 're under arrest . I betrayed him . Cyanide . There 's no way to tell how much he 's ingested . I 'll call an ambulance . - No , we have to take him ourselves . - l thought " Why didn 't he let me die ? " Beware of false prophets who come to you in sheep 's clothing , but inwardly are ... are ravening wolves ! That 's what I thought he was , because who else would bring me back looking like this ! He was here . - Who ? - Samuel . - The man 's delirious . - He was here , reverend . Right in this room . And he forgave me . Rather than simply killing Samuel , Vance contrived to kill the ministry 's faith in him . We have evidence connecting him both to the courtroom infestation and to the poisoning deaths of three members of the ministry . Vance 's obsession outlived Samuel , however . His conscience haunted him until he became delusory and finally took his own life , effectively ending our investigation . In light of this information , it is highly doubtful that there have ever been any miracles in Kenwood , Tennessee . Mulder . Scully ? Sheriff Daniels just called . Samuel 's body 's missing from the morgue . Any witnesses ? One so far . The night nurse who made the report - Beatrice Salinger . - She saw somebody take the body ? - Not actually . - What do you mean ? - Talk sense , deputy . She didn 't exactly see anyone taking the body . - Well , what then ? - She ... She claims she saw Samuel walking out by himself . Sounds crazy , I know , but that 's what she told me . You coming , sheriff ? I was drinking my coffee and going over the night orders for my ward , 7 South , when he walked right by me . His face was all black and blue . And you 're sure it was him ? At first I thought my eyes were playing tricks , which happens a lot on graveyard . So I got up to look again , but I lost him round a corner . He just vanished . Then I went to check the morgue and his body was gone . I don 't believe this . This is insane . I 'm not listening to this woman 's crazy talk . I 'm not the only one who saw him , sheriff ! So I know I 'm not crazy . Other people saw him , too . I 'm not crazy . It was Samuel . This isn 't true , Maurice , is it ? The boy was an awful fake , just like you said , wasn 't he , Maurice ? Wasn 't he , Maurice ? Sir , I 'm gonna have to ask you to come with me . District attorney wants to ask you some questions concerning the boy 's death . Sundays will probably never be the same again in these parts . I have a strong sense the reverend won 't be able to give up the pulpit . - Even without his son ? - lt might even strengthen his faith . The boy did rise from the dead . That kind of thing happens only once or twice every two thousand years . Yeah , and I have a story about a plague of locusts . I hope Reverend Hartley didn 't arrange this body snatching as his miracle of miracles . - Somehow I don 't think so . - What exactly do you think ? I think people are looking hard for miracles , so hard that maybe they make themselves see what they want to see . Are you coming , Mulder ? Visiontext Subtitles by Helen Stewart I made this ! english
