 You 're supposed to be in charge , Perkins . - I am in charge . - These men want answers . What 's your plan ? This thing could kill us all . We should 've been gone two days ago . No one would listen to me . Nobody knew what it was then . Nobody knows now . - Somebody has to go for help . - What about the rest of us ? What do we do ? - Just wait here till help arrives ? - One of us has to hike out ! That person might not make it down to the road before nightfall ! Then what ? I say we make a run for it . - Split up . Take our chances . - It 's suicide , Dyer . Fine . You stay here , tell us how it turns out . You 're going the wrong way ! - I think it 's broken . - Come on , you gotta get up ! I don 't think I can make it . We gotta keep moving ! We 're not gonna make it ! - Take a good look , Scully . - What am I looking at ? 30 loggers working a clear-cutting contract in Washington State . Rugged , manly men in the full bloom of manhood . But what am I looking for ? Anything strange , unexplainable , unlikely ... boyfriend ? I don 't know . I give up , Mulder . You give up ? That 's what the Federal Forest Service has done . - What happened to them ? - They vanished . Or so it would appear . This is Doug Spinney and Steven Teague . They 're monkey-wrenchers , the guys who sabotage logging equipment and make life miserable for lumberjacks . Eco-terrorists or militant environmentalists . Two weeks ago , the loggers radioed a message that Spinney and Teague had gone on a spree sabotaging equipment , causing general mischief . One week later , radio communication was cut off . - Do they know why ? - No . The lumber company asked the Federal Forest Service to look into it . Two officials were sent in . No one 's heard from them . The monkey-wrenchers are doing more than mischief-making . That 's what the Federal Forest Service think . They 've asked the FBI to investigate . I had to pull strings to get the case . For an eco-terrorism case ? Do I dare ask why ? In 1934 , long before anyone knew what an eco-terrorist was , a WPA crew working that area vanished without a trace . Not one of those men was ever found or heard from again . And you suspect - what ? - Bigfoot ? Not likely . That 's a lot of flannel to choke down even for Bigfoot ! Come on , Scully , it 'll be a nice trip to the forest . Hi . Fox Mulder and Dana Scully . We 're with the FBI . Larry Moore , Federal Forest Service . You can put your gear in the back . Must be pretty rugged where we 're going . Yeah . Is that a bullet hole in your windshield ? - .22 calibre . - Somebody take a shot at you ? That 's what it would appear . - Not much to hunt here , except Freddies . - Freddies ? The Federal Forest Service . It 's what eco-terrorists call us . Is that who you think took a shot at you ? Let me get this outta the way . I have no quarrel with eco-terrorists in principle . I 'm as concerned for this forest and the environment as anybody . It 's their methods I can 't condone . Would they go so far as to kill a man ? There 's 30 men up there unaccounted for , each with survival experience . Something happened to ' em . Sorry I 'm late . I was talking to Bob Perkins ' wife . He 's one of our missing loggers . Hello , Larry . Steve Humphreys , head of security for Schiff-lmmergut Lumber . Mulder , Scully . We 've got a four-hour drive . Plenty of time to get to know each other . Get the impression we 've walked into the middle of a war that 's already started ? Why do these men work so far up in the wilderness ? - That 's where the trees are . - You 're kidding , right ? No , environmentalists have made sure the land is untouchable . Force us to take timber where we can . We plant saplings for every tree we take . So why do the eco-terrorists target you ? These tree-huggers are the same kinda boys who went up to Canada during the Vietnam war . They 're cowardly . Dammit ! Homemade tire spike - clear through the sidewall . It 's unfixable . - You got a spare , don 't you ? - Right tire 's history , too . The monkey-wrenchers call it a caltrop . The roads are littered with them . Indiscriminate . Imagine somebody spiking Washington DC 's roads . Like to see how much sympathy they 'd get then ! So how are we gonna get up to the camp ? We 're gonna have to hike . Anybody here ? Someone forgot to clean their plate . It looks like they left in a hurry , too . They forgot to pack . - Find anything ? - Party favors . Vehicles have been monkey-wrenched . Generator 's busted . Somebody turned this place upside down . And they didn 't want the fact broadcast . The radiators are all full of rice . Sugar or sand in all the crankcases . They really did a number here . The sun 's going down in an hour and a half . Better look around before dark . I 'll see if I can get that generator working . - You were right about one thing . - What 's that ? It definitely wasn 't Bigfoot . Look at that ! What is it ? It looks like a hive . - Maybe a cocoon of some kind . - Made by what ? I don 't know . I 've never seen anything like it . Got it . - Can you cut it down ? - Yeah , I think so . You all right , Scully ? Oh , God ! It feels ... it feels desiccated , hard and dry , almost preserved . Like it 's been embalmed . No , more like all the fluids have been bled from its body . Almost like it 's been cured . I think ... it 's a male . Barely . I 'd say it 's some kind of spider 's nest or insect cocoon . What kind of insect could have gotten a man all the way up into that tree ? Ltsy-bitsy spider . Don 't move ! Who are you ? Doug Spinney . I ought to shoot you where you stand . Might as well shoot yourself . You 're in a helluva spot to test me . - What happened to my men ? - What men ? The men who were working this camp . I don 't know . The same thing that 'll happen to us when the sun goes down . - What are you doing ? - This animal 's Doug Spinney . He 's responsible for the monkey-wrenching . - Probably a murderer . - I 'm no murderer . - Liar ! - Let 's hear what he has to say . If we stand around here talking , there 'll be nothing left to say . I 'd get that generator started . Darkness is our enemy . What 's he talking about ? Someone wanna give me a hand ? He 's giving orders ? I fixed the damn thing ! Hey , it 's all right . Why did you say the darkness was our enemy ? That 's when they come . - When who comes ? - I don 't know what it is . They come from the sky . They take a man off his feet and devour him alive . - I saw it happen . - Happen to who ? I need to eat . I haven 't eaten in three days . What kinda BS story is that , huh ? You believe that ? - We found something in the forest . - What ? A man caught in some kind of insect cocoon . - What happened here ? - We 're camped two valleys over . - Four of us , three now . - More rats in the woodpile . Our truck has a dead battery , so we drew straws to see who 'd hike here to steal one from the loggers . - Why notjust hike out ? - It 's more than a day 's hike . No way we 'd want to be caught out after dark . Not after what happened to Teague . The man you said was devoured alive ? Yeah . - What are you guys doing out here ? - Camping . The kind of camping you do is a federal offense . - Hold off a second . - He 's right . This man 's a felon . He could be placed under arrest . What about your offense , my friend ? The offense against nature ! We operate within the law . We pay for the right to take those trees . Oh , yeah ? Your logging crew is taking trees that nobody has a right to . Trees that are marked ! So don 't talk to me about breaking the law , sir ! - They 've been taking marked trees ? - Yes , sir . Marked in orange . Old-growth trees ? Know anything about that , Steve ? No . Gonna take this man 's word over mine ? You don 't wanna go out in the night . Take my word on that . It 's out there . If I go out , somebody will attack me , eat me alive and spin me in its web ? Yes . It 's too polite to come in here and get me ? For some reason , it 's afraid of the light . - It 's afraid of the light ! - There may be something to it . He 's a murderer and just clever enough to make up that story . Even to whip up that cocoon to save a few trees . And I 'm gonna prove I 'm right . This is ridiculous ! Where is it , Spinney ? I thought it was gonna come and devour me ! Hey , here I am ! Come out , come out , wherever you are ! Don 't be shy . Come on ! It 's just like I told you . There 's nothing out here but a bunch of trees . Trees this man values more than human life . I 'm gonna see him tried on murder charges . What do you think ? I think I 'm gonna suggest that we sleep with the lights on . See this Douglas fir ? It 's been here since before time and your men cut it down . - Who marks these trees ? - Federal Forest Service . You 're only supposed to cut trees marked with a blue X. This tree must be hundreds of years old . You must get a lot of lumber from a big tree . Thousands of board feet . Helluva lot easier than taking smaller trees . Monkey-wrenchers like Spinney are not above marking trees . This tree 's 500 years old if it 's a day , Steve . Look at this . What would this represent ? I don 't know . I 've never seen a ring like that before . Those center rings are the older rings ? Every ring represents a season of growth . You see these ? These are 500 , 600 years old . They 're a recorded history of rainfall and climate . But this one I don 't know . I should take a core sample . We finished this nature walk ? I wanna know what happened to the loggers . - We 're determining that , sir . - Looking at a tree stump ? - Interrogate this man . - I don 't think he did it . - I want him arrested . - He 's not going anywhere . Not with a gun on him . What happens if his three buddies show up and do to you what they did to those Federal Forest officials ? I just wanna take a core sample . I got families who want answers about loved ones and so do you ! Answers that won 't be found in that tree ! The only crime is the death of that tree . We 'll see about that . - Where are you going ? - Down to your truck . I 'll get on the horn and get people up here who 'll take some action . - Steve ! - Let him go . Let him find out for himself . This is odd . This yellow ring 's got something living in it . Some kind of ... tiny bug . It doesn 't make sense . Why not ? Well , parasites attack a tree in a variety of ways , but they always attack the living parts . The leaves , the roots , the new growth rings . Even if they 're borers of some kind , they wouldn 't work so deep . They seem to be feeding on this ring 's wood . Can you identify them ? It 's a wood mite of some kind . Nothing I 've ever seen . Can they have been there centuries ? I don 't see how . These inner rings are essentially dead wood . The tree 's vascular system is limited to the outer few rings . They need water to survive . They appear to be hatching out of the porous wood . Maybe when you drilled this core , you tapped into a larger nest . Can they build a cocoon ? Right after that tree was cut down was when Teague died . It 's about the same time when the loggers disappeared . You think these mites killed them ? Maybe they were dormant for hundreds of years . Maybe they woke up hungry . Dammit ! All right , you monkey-wrenchers , come on out ! I know what you 're up to ! Humphreys should 've been back by now . These bugs aren 't moving any more . They 're either dead or they 're asleep . They don 't like the light . That 's weird . Usually bugs are attracted to light . These obviously are not your ordinary bugs . To say the least . - What do you know about insects ? - Just what I learned in biology courses . That they 're the foundation of our ecosystem , that there are lots of them : 200 million per person on Earth . - And they 've been around a long time , right ? - About 600 million years . Even before the dinosaurs . Why ? And this tree is what ? 5 , 6 , 700 years old ? Yeah . And these rings represent climatic changes . So in this year or season in the life of the tree , a strange event produced an abnormal ring . - Like what , exactly ? - A volcanic eruption . This chain of mountains running from Washington to Oregon is still active . - Remember Mount St Helens ? - How does that explain the bugs ? After Mount St Helens erupted , radiation was unleashed from inside the Earth . Strange things started to grow . They discovered an ameba that can suck a man 's brains out . A brain-sucking ameba ! It 's true . In Spirit Lake , there 's cases of swimmers being infected . A single-celled ameba can be mutated . But an insect is complex . A mutation would take years and years to evolve . Maybe what we 're dealing with isn 't a mutation at all . What if it 's some kind of extinct insect larvae in that ring , deposited during volcanic activity , brought up through the root system ? Ancient insect eggs , thousands , maybe millions of years old , lying dormant until ... Until those loggers cut down that tree . That would be poetic justice , don 't you think ? Unleashing the thing that would end up killing them . And your friend Humphreys . And , who knows ... maybe us . Sweet dreams . Humphreys might 've just hiked outta here . We don 't know he didn 't . Maybe we 're letting ourselves get carried away with this bug story . Yeah , maybe . Going somewhere ? - No , I was ... - Doing an auto repair . Looks like you 're planning on cutting out . I got to save my friends . They could only keep their generator going 15 , 20 hours max . - They 're gonna die . - So why are you sneaking around ? The Forest Service guy wouldn 't go for it . He 'd never trust me . He 's got no reason to . Neither do I. I can save us all , man . We 've got ajeep just two valleys over . All it needs is a battery . I could be back in the morning . We can all drive out tomorrow . You gotta trust me , man . Radio 's back up . It 's working ? I 'm not getting any reception , so the receiver could be trashed . And transmissions ? Can you send a message ? We could try . This is a call for help . Is there anyone at this frequency ? This is Special Agent Mulder , FBI . We have an emergency and a possible quarantine situation . Our position is ... - What happened to the generator ? - I turned it off . Turn it back on . I got the radio working . - What happened to the gas can ? - Spinney took it . He took it ? You mean he 's gone ? He took a battery and some gas . He 'll come back in the morning . He gave you his personal guarantee ? He gave me his word , yeah . The man who gave you his word has made an art out of sabotage and defying authority . He 's probably the same man who put a bullet through my windshield . At least now we 've got one chance of getting out alive . One more chance than we had before . - Or one less . - What do you mean ? Mulder let him leave with the last of the gas . This generator 's got a quarter tank left . What about the trucks ? Their tanks were ruptured or filled with sugar . By the same man we are now trusting to keep his word . Then we gotta get back on the radio , send out a Mayday . Every drop of fuel we waste is fuel that 'll keep this genny powered tonight . I don 't wanna be waiting around , hoping somebody heard that transmission when this thing quits running about two in the morning . Do you ? - Mulder ... - Look , it 's done . I shouldn 't have let him go . Let 's just move past it , OK ? Fine . What do you suggest ? I don 't know . We 'll think of something . I think we have a pretty good idea what happened to those loggers and what happened to the group in 1934 . - They only found one cocoon . - It 's a very big forest . What would you have done ? Would I have made a decision alone that affected the group ? Cut the sanctimonious crap ! What do you want me to say ? Let 's face it , we might die up here . They may find our bodies spun up in a tree , or they may not find us at all ! You 're right . And we 're wasting time arguing about it . - What are you gonna do ? - Button this place up . If we gotta spend the night in here , we gotta do everything we can to make sure the bugs stay out there . Be careful with that . It 's the only bulb that works . I can see them . You guys , look at this . They 're coming through the wall , down where it 's dark , you see them ? - They 're on me ! - It 's all right , Scully . - Scully , Scully ... - Get them off me ! - Get them off me ! - Stand still ! - Stop it , stop it ! - Can you see them ? - Get them off me ! - They 're notjust on you . That 's what that greasy residue is . We were supposed to be safe in the light ! We are ! I think the light keeps them from swarming . We 'll be safe as long as we stay in the light . How are you feeling ? I 'm OK . They 're oxidizing enzymes . Just like fireflies . Maybe that 's why they cocoon their prey . So they can oxidize the proteins taken from the fluids in the body . What if the generator goes ? Are they gonna swarm in and drain the life out of us ? We got an hour and a half till sunrise . Then what ? It 's over a day 's hike out of here . We won 't make it on foot by nightfall . Maybe somebody heard our transmission . Help could be on the way . You sent that call hours ago . I mean , help would 've been here by now . Well , I 'm not gonna give up on Spinney . He gave me his word he 'd come back to get us . And if he doesn 't ? We 'll think of something . You got a patch kit or an extra tube in your truck ? Yeah . Maybe we can patch this . And with the spare in your truck , maybe we can limp down the mountain . If not , we can get on the radio and warn them what 's out there . - You see it ? - Yeah . Listen . You hear that ? It 's a car . No , it 's ajeep ! - We gotta move ! Let 's go , let 's go ! - Wait ! What about Humphreys ' body ? Leave it . I 've radioed for help . - What happened to your friends ? - They didn 't make it . We 're not gonna make it either unless we haul ass ! Let 's go ! Dammit ! I don 't believe it ! And you talk about shooting yourself in the foot ! Get outta there ! Get back in the car ! Emergency evacuation situation . Requesting quarantine facility for two , possibly three victims with undiagnosed infection or exposure to unknown biological vectors . Repeat , emergency evacuation situation : Two , possibly ... Attention all personnel . High-level bio-clearance required on third floor . - How are you feeling ? - Better . How did the tests come back ? Your respiratory charts were good . We were concerned about the extent of damage through inhalation . There were large concentrations of the chemical luciferin . Which is ? The enzyme found in fireflies and bioluminescent insects . Our entomologists are trying to determine the specific epithet of the insects you encountered . Scully ? How 's she doing ? She 's still not out of the woods , so to speak . She lost a lot of fluids . Two or three more hours of exposure , she might not have made it . I told her it was gonna be a nice trip to the forest . How are you gonna contain it to the forest ? What if the swarm migrates ? The government has initiated eradication procedures . By using a combination of controlled burns and pesticides , they will be successful . And if they 're not ? That is not an option , Mr Mulder .
