 Lauren , I 've been looking every ... Are you all right ? - Do you want some water or ... - No , I-I 'm fine . Oh , honey , it 's been a couple of weeks now . - Do you wanna talk ? - No . Really , Jane , I 'm OK . I just haven 't known a lot of people who 've died . I 've never known anybody that killed themselves . Oh , well , maybe once everything gets packed away , it 'll get easier , there won 't be the constant reminder . Here 's your paycheck . Oh , come on ... go home . OK . I have no money ! No , let me go ! No ! Food . I think I 'll pass . Hey , I know a good place to crash . Up the fire escape , through that window . Come on , I 'll give you a boost . Pull it down . - I can 't get it down . - Come on , pull ! Come on ! Hurry up ! Agent Scully , Agent Mulder . Chief Blevins assures us of your cooperation . We regret any inconvenience . We hope your expertise in extraordinary phenomenon will help us answer some questions . You 're not FBI , are you ? Have you ever analyzed anything like this before ? Abnormal postmortem muscle reflex . Both corpses are still responding to exposure to high levels of electrostatic charge . Any external lesions or surface burns ? - None . - Time of death ? Well , it can 't be long . The body 's still warm . Somatic death occurred sometime over six hours ago , but their body temperatures have yet to drop below 98.3 degrees . Where did you find them ? Tell us the time and mode of transport . It might help us determine why the bodies haven 't cooled . Hey , you guys called us down here . You want some answers , you gotta give some . They traveled 60 minutes by air . Thank you . The most troubling aspect of the deaths is the throat area . Larynx , esophagus and hyoid bone were crushed like chalk . There 's no abrasions or evidence of tissue damage . It 's as if their throats were crushed from the inside . Who are these guys ? If you 've done your examinations , why are you consulting us ? During your work on the X-Files , ever seen anything like this ? No , never . Thank you very much for your time , Agent Mulder , Scully . If any inquiry as to this meeting be made , we request full denial . I 'd say you people already suffer from full denial . You lied . You have seen it before , I can tell . You lied to them . I would never lie . I willfully participated in a campaign of misinformation . Who do you think they were ? NSA , CIA , some organization Congress will uncover in the next scandal . But what 's important is what they have . They have no idea because they called us in . I have X-Files . Each case has an element of what we saw . Electrostatic charge , internal mutilation with no external causality . None has all the elements in one case . How can an esophagus be crushed without the neck being touched ? Psychokinetic manipulation . Psychokinesis ? You mean , how Carrie got even at the prom ? The Russians were doing studies on it . The Chinese still are . Their findings are kept secret . OK , I 'm intrigued . But how can we investigate ? We have nothing to go on . Just getting in , Lauren ? Oh ! Yes . Mr Graves used to let you get away with that , but Mr Dorlund is in charge now . I wondered if I could have a minute with him . Tomorrow at three . Can I see him today ? It 's really important . Is everything all right out here ? Can I speak with you ? Please . I 'm here to give my two-week notice . Lauren , Jane told me about you crying in Howard 's office and I ... I want you to know you 're not alone . As a matter of fact , we share something special . Howard and I started this company ten years ago , and as long as I knew him , he had no interest in anything but work , and so some of us became family . I was his brother and you were like a daughter to him so , of course , I feel very close to you . And I ... I wanna take care of my family . Stay , Lauren , please . The company needs you , especially now . I won 't let you leave ! What 's wrong ? I ... I can 't . I have to leave . I ... I can 't be here anymore . You 've got two weeks . Mohammed Amrollahi . Convictions : Illegal possession of firearms , illegal possession of explosives , falsification of export licenses . He has ties to an exiled extremist group - the Isfahan . Named after a city in Iran , they 've been working out of Philadelphia ... That 's 60 air minutes . I 'll talk to the Philly PD . It was last Wednesday night . I was just on routine patrol . This is where we found ' em . - Who discovered their bodies ? - Nobody . It was about 10 . I was on patrol . Saw them hangin ' around . No witnesses ? The people that come here after business hours don 't witness very much , know what I 'm sayin ' ? I appreciate your help . A daily visual record is made of everyone who makes a transaction . We 'll just have to question everyone who was at the machine before 10 that night . There . Back up . " Lauren Kyte , 858 Franklin , Bensalem . " Why would the Isfahan rob someone of 40 bucks at an ATM machine ? Look at that ! Maybe it 's another person . Maybe ... maybe not . Well , the resolution 's too poor . It won 't help much to enhance it . That leaves us only one person we know we can talk to . Come on . Hello ? Ms Lauren Kyte , please . I 'm Agent Fox Mulder , this is Agent Dana Scully . We 're with the FBI . Do you mind if we come in ? - I was just in the middle of ... - Thank you . We won 't be long . Ever seen either of these two men before ? No . Take your time . I-I 'm sorry , I 've never seen them before . I 'm afraid you have . It 's a surveillance picture from your ATM . Can you tell us what happened that night ? These guys ... I-I was depositing my paycheck , they grabbed me , I got away , I ran . I-I just didn 't wanna file a report . They were found dead . Have you ever seen this person before ? No . I 'm sorry , I can 't tell you . Does that mean you know ? Lt-it means I ... I can 't tell you who it is . When you can tell me , this is a number I can be reached at any time . OK ? A woman her size breaking free and outrunning those men ? Then somehow crushing their necks ? She knows who the other person is . She 's packing , running away . From what ? What 's happening ? What the hell 's going on ? Hang on ! You OK ? Yeah . Hi . Hi . Paramedics check you out ? I 'm fine , though I have a standing-in-line-at-the-DMV-sized headache . Mine 's more IRS-sized . - They check out the car ? - Yeah . It 's brand-new , only 100 miles . Then someone tampered with it while we were in her house . Mechanic says everything 's in order - nothing cut , nothing greased . Check out the lights . They 're on . No , the filaments are heated due to huge levels of electrostatic charge , like the bodies in the morgue . Isn 't it interesting that Lauren Kyte was present both times ? She was with us the entire time we were at her house . What if it 's possible somehow to raise the body 's electrostatic charge to the levels we 've seen and use that energy to affect objects ? If a person could generate that much energy , their body would break down , they 'd start glowing . There 's evidence in the X-Files - furniture moving untouched , objects levitating , unexplained electrical discharges . Frequently , people with psychokinetic power are unaware of their own capability . Are you saying Lauren Kyte crashed our car ? Either that ... or a poltergeist . - They 're here ! - They may be . Oh , come on , Mulder , look at the tangible evidence . Two Mid-East extremists were killed trying to assault a woman working for a manufacturer of parts for the Defense Department . When we questioned her , our car was sabotaged . Someone else may have committed both acts . Maybe the same someone we saw in the ATM photos . The mystery isn 't psychokinetic energy , it 's her accomplice . Excuse me , sir ... She 's clean . No arrests , not even a traffic ticket . Only thing is , she 's in deep with her credit card company . $ 15,000 . What do you think you 're doing ? What are you doing ? No , no . I 'll take care of this , all right ? Just go ! Here . I-I 'll talk to someone . A little upset over losing a parking space , wouldn 't you say ? So who is Howard Graves , anyway ? She was his secretary . That 's three people dead in the last month associated with Lauren Kyte . You won 't find too many people at their boss 's grave who aren 't dancing on it . Look at this one . Excuse me . Sir , is there an office where I can get some information on those people ? Who ? I attend every funeral . I 'm the last person to see them put to rest . Do you know how Sarah Lynn was related to Howard Graves ? His daughter . They were at home one day and he didn 't latch the pool gate . She drowned . His wife left him a year later . She 's buried in a plot in the northeast corner . Thank you , sir . You 're welcome . She was only three years old . If she 'd lived , she 'd be Lauren 's age . Further investigation into Lauren 's history reveals an estrangement from her family . Phone records confiirm no contact with her parents for two years . Her actions , during surveillance , indicate a strong relationship between Lauren and her employer , the late Howard Graves . Did this relationship somehow motivate his suicide ? How are the attack and the subsequent murders of the Isfahan agents related , if at all ? I am certain the answers to these questions lie in fiinding the identity of Lauren 's accomplice . Enhance it by 10 . That 's Howard Graves . He 's alive . Not necessarily . No ... No ! Stop ! Stop ! Don 't do this to me ! Howard ? No ! No ! Stop ! No , no ! Please , no ! Howard ! They killed him ! I think Howard Graves fabricated his own death . Do you know how difficult it is to fake your own death ? Only one man has pulled it off - Elvis ! He and Lauren are in on something . Maybe an illegal dealing , something the CIA was interested in . You may be right . Wait ! You think I 'm right ? Sure . All you gotta do is prove Howard Graves is still alive . Howard Graves is very dead . May we see the autopsy report , please ? Knock yourself out . " Cause of death - arterial hemorrhage . " Four out of six liters of blood down the tub . There seems to be some blood work missing here . We only do that if we suspect homicide . I don 't suppose you ran dental confirmations ? - What for ? It was him . - How did you know ? It said so on the toe tag . Who made positive ID on the body ? Lauren Kyte . But Graves was cremated . There 's no way to run a dental check or get a DNA sample . Yes , there is . His body 's tissues and organs were donated . Howard Graves is in five different people . They harvested the organs immediately after death . His kidneys went to Boston , his liver to Dallas and his corneas to Oregon . They 've all been transplanted . We only cryo-preserved the dura mater - the membrane of the spinal column . We have Graves ' hospital records . We 'll extract a sample and , in two hours , confirm the identity of the donor . I ... made them rush so you could have your check before you leave . Aw , I 'm gonna miss you . Aw , what ? Here . Bye . You were gonna leave without saying goodbye ? Well , I came to say goodbye and to wish you luck . And to leave you with this little thought . I know Howard told you , and if it ever gets out , I won 't waste my time trying to pin the source . I 'll go straight to you . And you 'll do to me what you did to Howard ? - I know you had him killed . - Why would you say that ? He told me . Mulder . Lauren Kyte . How soon can you be at my house ? - Why ? - Please hurry . The tests are conclusive . The dura mater does belong to Graves . He is indeed very dead . Just a second . - Go run the bath . - Get out of here ! No ! No , no ! Stop ! Sto-o-op ! No ! You know , you 're not under arrest . You 're just here for questioning . The sooner you talk to us , the sooner you get to go home . What happened to those people tonight ? Do you have any idea who they might be ? Why did they attack you ? Do you know who this is ? Scully , Mulder . He 'll keep an eye on her . Come on . Now . You 've seriously compromised our investigation . We followed leads pertaining to an X-File . I wanna know every detail concerning this case . What case ? You withheld information . Why not tell us what you 've got ? Then we have nothing more to talk about . Wait . HTG Industrial Technologies sold restricted parts to the Isfahan . Serial numbers were recovered in the July bombing of a navy transport van . - How was Lauren involved ? - We don 't know . You impeded our investigation . We don 't have enough evidence to hold her . If she doesn 't talk , she goes free . We lose our chance to break this . I could make her talk . My advice to you , don 't get rough with her . That was a waste of time . Your turn . - Lauren ... - I won 't talk to you either . OK ... then you 're free to go . I can 't go back to that house . Why ? Because of Howard Graves ? - He 's dead . - I know . He 's watching over you , isn 't he ? I don 't know if you 've ever been a secretary before . Sometimes your boss can talk as if you weren 't even in the room , which can hurt , you know . But sometimes ... you 're all he has to talk to , which was how it always was with me and Howard . One night , late , I went into his office . He was crying . More scared than sad . Pentagon contracts were being canceled , the company was going under . He felt personally responsible for each of his employees . Seeing and feeling their fear every day really wore him down . And this one time , Dorlund came with that group , that ... Mid-East group . Isfahan . That terrorist group . They buy parts at an outrageous price . Not just once , but for as long as they could get away with it . That night Howard was crying . He 'd found out Isfahan had claimed responsibility for killing a couple of sailors in Florida . He was never the same and I thought ... that 's why he killed himself . But he didn 't . I saw ... Howard showed me how Dorlund had him killed . Made it look like a suicide . He could see Howard was gonna put an end to the deal . So now Howard is protecting you ? - It sounds so ridiculous . - But you believe it . He was closer to me than my father . I told him that . I still feel his presence . Sometimes ... I even smell his aftershave . If you just could 've seen the things I 've seen . But I just ... want all that to go away . That 's why I 'm leaving . Maybe he can move on . That 's not enough . You have been given the chance to tell him again . Take it . Tell him you love him ... by showing him , by ... by helping us finish his unfinished business . Lauren , how will you ever be able to rest if he never can ? OK . I 'm a mess . I 'm gonna ... freshen up . What are you doing , Scully ? You don 't believe . Mulder , there 's no such thing as ghosts or psychokinesis . I 'm sure there 's an explanation , but I believe she believes . My priority is to get her to help us stop Dorlund . We may have just sacrificed our best chance to observe spectral phenomena . No , I 'm giving us the chance to solve a case that 's tangible instead of chasing after shadows . - Get in line ! - Yes , sir . You ready ? All right , everyone . We have a warrant to search the premises for evidence pertaining to the sale of restricted parts . Evidence may be in the form of falsified export licenses , parts manifests , communiqués . If could be on computer disk or hard copy . If in doubt , ask . We need this to be clean . This is the culmination of a year-long investigation . If we don 't come out with something proving a link to the Isfahan , this guy could walk . OK , let 's go ! You OK ? Lt 'll most likely be in Dorlund 's office . We 'll execute the search , but we 'll need you to guide us so you have to be strong , OK ? Everybody , stay calm . Federal Bureau of Investigation . Ma 'am , could you back away from those files , please ? Step aside , please . This is all we could find . We don 't have him . He 's not even breaking a sweat . Our case is blown . We wasted a year . This guy is gonna walk . Let 's get outta here . Lauren , it 's over . We have to go . What we 're looking for isn 't here . Look , she 's no agent . I don 't want to be combative , but she has no right to destroy my property ! Destroying property ? What about that van that blew up killing those men ? ! What are you talking about , you stupid bitch ? Lauren , no ! Don 't kill him ! Help us find it ! Get down ! Mulder ! Oh , my God ! I guess what we 're looking for is here . The US Attorney 's office is going after Dorlund with all they 've got , including the murder of Howard Graves . I 'll come back to testify . Where are you going ? Away from here . Thanks . Boy , she 's in a rush to get outta here . Out of here or away from the ghost of Howard Graves ? Hey , Scully , do you believe in an afterlife ? I 'd settle for a life in this one . Have you ever seen the Liberty Bell ? Yes . I 've been to Philly a hundred times and never seen it . You 're not missing much . It 's a big bell with a crack and you have to wait in a long line . Yeah , but I 'd really like to go . Why now ? I don 't know . How late do you think they stay open ? Miss Kyte , I asked for this 25 minutes ago . I know . I 'm sorry . Maybe that 's the way they work back East . Here punctuality is a virtue . We have to find new office space - every time a truck goes by , the whole building shakes ! That 's all , Lauren .
