 [ Woman Narrating ] " Previously on " Earth 2 . Julia Heller , initial check-in . I 've joined you on the planet . Monitoring Eden Project . [ Julia Narrating ] My mission for the Council was clear when it began , back on the space station . As a doctor , I was the perfect choice ... to watch this group of families seeking a cure for their sick children . Without Council clearance , we escaped the station ... and traveled 22 light-years to this new planet . We crashed thousands of miles from where the other colonists will land ... and now have tojourney across territory full ofhardship and danger . On the ridge ! [ Chattering ] [ Gasping ] - " A sick boy was taken by creatures " who live underground . - Mom ! They healed him , but they also changed him , made him a link between their species and our own . - " I have a Council contact here . " - Citizen Heller . [ Julia Narrating ] We meet in virtual reality . We 'll dispense with the formalities . The Council plans to colonize this planet for itself ... and believes they need to control the special boy . My mission is still clear . The only problem is me . I 've been changed by this place too , become a part of this group , in spite of myself . [ Whinnies ] [ Gunshots ] [ Women Screaming ] [ Man ] Holdup . ! Down on the floor . ! [ Screaming Continues ] [ Uly ] Hold it right there , boys . You and your brother picked the wrong town to rob , Jesse . Sheriff , you made it . Don 't try it , shorty . - " Put down the guns . ! " - Don 't listen to him , Uly . Shoot ! [ Sighs ] [ Groaning ] [ Groaning Continues ] You - [ True ] Nice work , morph-ball . You almost got us killed . What were you waiting for ? You weren 't supposed to run . This game was my choice . I set the rules ! Yeah ? And I end up prairie dust . Come on . Hand over the badge . No way ! You got to be Robin Hood . It 's my turn . I 'm the sheriff . [ Devon 's Voice ] Okay , guys . Time out . Mom , she 's not giving me a chance . Uly , True , enough fighting . ! I wasn 't fighting . You were being bossy . [ Devon ] Hey , guys . No more V.R. Come on . We 're stopping for the day . I want to get the tents set up before sundown . [ Uly ] Oh , Mom . [ Devon ] You gotta pull your own weight , Uly . Dad , let 's see who can put up the tent the fastest ! [ Julia Narrating ] It 's been 49 days since we crashed . It amazes me how we 've adjusted to life on this strange new planet . Every day has become a mirror of the last . We travel . We set up camp , try and catch some rest . Then we wake and travel again . [ Sighs ] [ Beeping ] [ Beeping Continues , Rapidly ] [ Zipper Unzips ] [ Beeping Stops ] [ Computer Voice ] Respond immediately . [ Julia Narrating ] And now every day I have to guard my secret . [ Thud ] Dad ? Mm-hmm . What 's that white stuff over there ? Where ? - See right there ? - " Oh , yeah . Look at that . " Well , True , girl , I think that 's what happens to rain when it freezes . They used to call that " snow " back on Earth . It 's something , huh ? Reilly , it 's Heller . Entering V.R. It 's been some time . Checked in as soon as I could . I was beginning to get worried . I 'm fully capable of taking care of myself . Ah , yes , I suppose you are . But all this would be so much easier if you would simply tell me your location . [ Scoffs ] So that you can come after us - me . No one is coming after anyone , citizen . But the longer you delay , the more difficult this will be . What do you mean by that ? You 're growing attached to these people , aren 't you ? I 'm the doctor here - the only doctor . Yes , I care about their well-being . I have a responsibility . You have an obligation , citizen , to your heritage , and don 't forget that . You are one of us , a product of the Council . Your mother did great things as a member . So could you . By telling you where we are ? - There 's that word again . - What word ? We . Us . You 're identifying yourself with them . Look - [ Sighs ] I don 't know what more I can do . My resources are very limited . Humanity needs a new home , Heller , and you are living there . In Ulysses , you found a possible bridge between humans and Terrians , and now you need to help us cross it . We 're all depending on you . You must tell me where you are ... so that we can come and collect the child . Who knows ? When you do , maybe the Council will name ... an entire continent after your family . Yeah . Maybe they 'll call it Hell . [ Julia Narrating ] I 'm Dr. Julia Heller . I 'm a member of the Eden Project , and to this group , I 'm the physician . But 22 light-years away , back where I came from , back on the space stations , I 'm something else . I 'm a patriot to the Council . The Council is in my blood . My mother was on the Council 's Board of Regents since before I was born , and I was taught to put the Council 's goals before all else . Excuse me . Uh , why are we stopping ? Danziger , could you clue me in ? Answer 's over your head , Morgan . Solar panels need a chance to recharge . Huh . Are you sure these woods are the best place to camp ? Who knows what kind of creatures - The terrain doesn 't change till we get through these mountains . You might as well get used to it . [ Beeping ] Vehicle maintenance code 1722-B . Querying Danziger , John H. [ Laughs ] It 's protocol . Gotta update the maintenance schedule on all three of these vehicles . Hey ! They break . I fix ' em . You 're updated . [ Laughs ] I wish it were that simple , Danziger , but space station authorities are very particular about record keeping and - Authorities ? You mean , you 're keeping records for these people that tried to blow up our ship ? Danziger , if we make it to New Pacifica to meet our colony ship , there will be certain bureaucrats waiting for my paperwork . Sorry . [ Beeping ] Usual resistance to space station protocol . [ Sighs ] I trust you at least appreciate the importance of fine record keeping . Yes . All medical activity is logged on gear ... and dated chronologically . [ Exhales ] Oh , excellent , Dr. Heller . [ Men Chattering ] [ Karate Yell ] - " Okay , Zero , work here is done . " - Yes , sir . - Uly , watch - - [ Groaning ] You okay , buddy ? Yeah . Yeah ? Just hold still . Oh , boy . What happened ? It was an accident , Mom . Yeah . Just got a little too close for comfort . Yeah , but it 's bleeding . It 's not serious . I can take care of it right here . You all right ? Yeah . You sure ? Uh-huh . Yeah . He 's a tough guy . [ Exhales ] [ Julia Narrating ] With each day , against my betterjudgment , I grow more convinced ofhow much this group needs me in order to survive , and the war inside me intensifies . [ Buzzing ] [ Sighs ] Reilly , where are you ? Reilly . Oh , come on . I 'm not used to visits in such rapid succession . Why so urgent , citizen ? - I 've been thinking - - " About securing the boy for me , I hope . " I 've been thinking that Uly isn 't the answer to the Council 's goals . Ah , so , you really are going soft . SweetJulia doesn 't want to rip the boy from his mother 's tender embrace . I think if Uly is just a vessel , if the Terrians have changed him , the evidence will be in his D.N.A. , and if I can isolate a strand of it , we can introduce it into another bloodstream . - Another bloodstream ? - Mine . So you would be the link with the Terrians instead of the boy ? The boy is only eight years old . He 's completely spoiled . He 's wrapped around his mother 's finger . You 're gonna entrust him with the Council 's future relations with the Terrians , when it could be me ? I wanna do it . You really think it 'll work ? I don 't know for sure , but I 'm willing to take that risk . And you 're asking me to trust you ? What choice do you have ? [ Chuckles ] Be careful , citizen . It would be a shame to lose you . Uly ? Uly . Sorry . I was looking for Uly . He 's out with Zero . Is , uh , something wrong ? No , I was just gonna check the dressing on the cut . Oh , all right . Well , let 's go find him . Oh , it 's not urgent . I 'll just catch him when I see him running by . I can get him and bring him to your tent . No , just do what you 're doing . Um , it 's not important that you be there . Okay . - " [ Uly ] I hate shots . " - I know . But you 're such a brave boy . Whatever happened to you when you were with the Terrians certainly changed you . Uh-huh . That 's what I 've told everybody , but no one believes me . I believe you . Do you think you 're becoming part Terrian ? [ Beeps ] Do they talk to you when you 're dreaming ? Yeah , and they take me to different planets and stuff . They do ? Other planets , huh ? Yeah , and they let me pick what games we play . - They let me be the sheriff . - Oh , be serious now , Uly . They teach me jujitsu ... and let me eat all the ice cream I want . Now you 're making things up . I 'm not making things up . The Terrians are really cool . Do you want to find out if you 're really part Terrian ? Yeah ! There 's a test I can do to find out . But we wouldn 't tell anybody until we know for sure . Then we can tell the whole group , okay ? Okay ! Okay . You know , Alonzo , if I didn 't know better , I 'd say that there was something going on between you and Julia . What are you talking about ? I 've seen the way you look at her across the campfire some nights . And I know that she 's stolen more than one or two glances at you too . Just a doctor checking on her patient . Don 't let your mind play tricks on you . No , there 's something there . You two almost had a little " fl " icker there for a minute , didn 't you ? Maybe for a minute . But it 's over now . It didn 't really take . Julia doesn 't know exactly how to relax and let things happen . That 's a shame . You two really would make a cute couple . Well , maybe I 'm just not her type . [ Laughs ] Alonzo , don 't be ridiculous . You 're every woman 's type . Well , it 's for the best . I mean , over the years , I haven 't had such a hot track record for sticking around anyway . Well , it doesn 't look to me like you 're gonna be going anywhere anytime soon . [ Beeping ] Dr. Julia Heller , coded file , personal research project . [ Sighs ] I have isolated pure strands of D.N.A " ... " from the eosinophil white cells of Ulysses Adair 's spinal " fl " uid . First dose - two c. c . ' s . Attempting to inject the solution past the hypothalamus into the third ventricle of my brain . [ Beeps ] Possibility exists of a hematoma or brain swelling . Therefore , I 'm keeping the dosage low . [ Exhales ] Hurry , Mom . They 're gonna start without me . ! It just got dark , honey . They 're not gonna start without you . Ow . What 's the matter ? I barely touched you . It hurts . It hurts ? Where 's it hurt ? Back here . Back here ? It looks like something stuck you . Did you get pricked by anything ? No . How long 's this been hurting ? I don 't know . A couple hours ? [ Devon ] Julia ? Julia . I need to talk with you . There seems to be a needle mark in Uly 's back . Yes ? And ? Well , do you know anything about it ? Yes , I took , uh , spinal " fl " uid to check for infection . Something wrong ? Yes . Yes , I find this very strange . First you tell me it 's no big deal , I don 't need to be there , and then I find out you perform a somewhat unusual procedure . Unusual . Are you a doctor , Devon ? No . No , I 'm a mother . Exactly . I took spinal " fl " uid because it gave me the most precise indication of his white cell count . He seemed fine , so I sent him out to play . Case closed . Julia , next time you do something to my son , I want to be there . As we searched the ship , we kept hearing it - three short , three long , three short - S.O.S. , the old Earth signal for distress - and some of the men said that they could hear groans and moans . We finally got to a part of the ship where we knew it was coming from , so we blew the hatch . Boom ! [ Gasps ] [ Laughing ] When we " fl " oated inside , know what we found ? [ Uly ] What ? Ten frozen solid crew members , all dead - some of them missing their arms , some missing their legs . Hi . Hi . I 've been waiting for you . - Something the matter ? - No . No , I was just - I - I 've been thinking that , um - about the way I - I 've been treating you . You were talking to Bess , right ? No , I - I think I - I put a wall up between us and pushed you away , and , um - and I 'm sorry . [ Sighs ] You are ? For what ? I don 't know . I just , um - I don 't know . Not feeling courageous enough maybe . Alonzo , you frighten me a bit . I do ? I don 't want to feel things for you that you don 't feel for me . I don 't want you to break my heart . I 'm not gonna break your heart . Julia ? Julia . Julia . Yep . Are you okay ? Yeah . What 's the matter ? I was , uh , thinking about you . Why ? Have I done something wrong ? Um - Um , I don 't know what you 're talking about . I mean , last night , you - you came to my tent , remember ? And you were different . I mean , we - [ Exhales ] We what ? Nothing . Don 't you remember anything ? Um - I don 't . I 'm sorry . I think I need to be alone for a minute . You know , you are a piece of work , you know that ? You show up in my tent last night , then you just disappear ? I don 't know what your story is , but I don 't want any part of it . I mean , say something-anything . ! - Forget it . - " [ Tent Rustles ] " Effects of D.N.A. transfers appear to be taking hold . Experienced extreme alertness and hypersensitivity . Unexpected side effect - short-term memory loss , probably a result of my metabolism adjusting . [ Exhales ] Increasing dosage to eight c. c . ' s . Anticipating accelerated metamorphosis ... and elimination of side effect . Okay . Okay , Reilly . [ Exhales ] It 's V.R. time . My , my . Got a bit of an edge today . I think this is working . The D.N.A. solution - My body 's accepting it much more readily than I had expected . I 'm experiencing some sort of transformation . Tell me about it . [ Exhales ] My skin feels very tingly . It 's like the cells of my epidermis are - are just regenerating . I - My sensory perception is razor-sharp . I feel amazing clarity , focus . Really ? Yeah . From here , it appears as though you 're going through some sort of early toxic reaction . I 'm not as convinced that this is as positive as you seem to think it is . Are there side effects ? No . None . No side effects . I don 't feel them . [ Julia ] No , I don 't feel anything . I don 't . ! I - I feel - I feel healthier . I feel healthier than ever , and that 's what - that 's what 's so amazing . My cells seem to be working overtime . It 's as though they 're absorbing the D.N.A. I can actually feel - [ Continues , Indistinct ] I 'm worried for you , Julia . I think that your judgment may be impaired . Perhaps I should - What ? Something 's touching me . - What do you mean ? - I 'm not alone . I feel a hand on me . I don 't believe it . It 's working . You know , don 't you ? You can sense the change in me . Are we alike ? You 've come to tell me something ? [ Murmuring ] What did you come to tell me ? [ Screeching ] Ow ! [ Screeching Continues ] [ Julia Narrating ] The Terrian sensed the change in me . It knew I was on the road to becoming one with him . The transformation wasn 't complete , and the reason was obvious . I hadn 't consumed large enough an injection . Must take a third dose of Uly 's D.N.A. immediately , before the second completely wears off . Oh , these people - If they knew what was happening in their midst - the strides I was making for science - Who could I - Who would understand ? Yale 's activities consistent with D-series modifications - [ Julia ] Morgan ? What ? Yes , come in . No violent tendencies yet observed . Morgan , I need to speak with you . Well , I 'm ... kind of in the middle of something right now . I have something so exciting to tell you , you 're gonna want to hear it . But I don 't want to say it here in case Bess walks in , okay ? Oh , that 's okay . Bess and I don 't keep secrets from each other . Morgan , we all have secrets . This is a secret you 're not gonna want to tell anyone . Believe me . [ Morgan ] Julia . Wait - Wait for me . Julia . How-How far are we , uh , gonna g - Julia . Julia . [ Panting ] I th - I think we 're getting a little far from camp . I mean , we 're out of earshot now . Okay . Okay , we 're alone . Now , listen , Julia , I - I don 't want to presume anything about what your intentions might be , but ... I want you to know that Bess and I are very happily married . You were just at the wedding the other - Morgan , shut up ! I have something very extraordinary to tell you , something very wonderful . It 's a bit frightening . Are you a believer ? A believer in what ? In - In our future . Well , I , uh - I guess I kind of have mixed feelings about that . Morgan . Morgan , they 're coming . They 're coming sooner than you think . Who 's coming ? The Council . The Council ? " The " Council ? That 's impossible . I 've been communicating with them through an operative named Reilly . Julia , are you telling me you 're a spy ? You 're a spy for the Council ? Morgan - Julia , those people can do terrible things ! They 're gonna come , and they 're gonna settle this planet . They 're gonna bring millions of people , and I 'm helping them . I found the key . I found the bridge . Bridge ? What bridge ? It 's me . I 've taken some of Uly 's D.N.A. I 've been injecting it in me . Uly is the link to the Terrians . It 's in his blood , you see , and ... it 's now in mine . I see . And I 'm changing . I am going through an evolutionary transformation , Morgan . This is gonna help us colonize this planet . I mean , it could be the beginning of a whole new kind of human life . But here 's the thing . I need you to help me . Because I don 't really trust Reilly . So I need you to help me do this . You-You can report and document what I 'm doing , and then you and I can go - Listen , Julia . Julia . I 'm-I 'm really very " fl " attered that you chose to confide in me , and - and your little experiment sounds very intriguing , but - Morgan ! Listen to me . I need you to understand how powerful this is , how important to all of us . Think of all the good that could be done , how many lives will be changed ! [ Ripping ] You know - I - I have to - We should probably tell everyone about this . We 're a group after all , through thick and thin , and I think that Devon would probably be very interested - Morgan . I don 't think we could do that , Morgan . Morgan ! [ Grunting ] No , let me go . Morgan ! You 're not gonna tell anybody . Just let me go . I like you . This is a secret . I didn 't hear anything . Please just - I won 't say - But , Morgan - [ Bess In Distance ] Morgan . ! Morgan , where are you ? We will find him , Bess , now that we have some light . I 've been looking for him all night , Yale . It 's not like him . He wouldn 't stay out like this . [ Vehicle Approaches ] Morgan wouldn 't do that . You guys find anything ? Well , none of the vehicles were moved during the night , so he couldn 't have gotten far . Everybody 's out looking for him . Bess . Bess , there 's no reason to think he 's been hurt . By all indications , we are alone here . Anybody seen Julia this morning ? - She isn 't with the others ? - I didn 't see her . [ Tent Rustles ] [ Devon ] Julia ? - Julia ! - Yes ? We 're looking for Morgan . He 's missing . Have you seen him ? No , I haven 't . He 's not here . I can see that . H - Are you okay ? Yes . I 'm fine . I fell asleep at the table . I 'm tired . Um - I haven 't seen Morgan . Okay . [ Tent Rustles ] [ Breathing Heavily ] [ Groans ] I 've got a piece ofhis jacket . And there 's blood under my fingernails . I have absolutely no idea what I did to him . I just have to remember . Look at you . You 're coming apart at the seams . Maybe we should reevaluate your experiment . You 're jeopardizing our agenda . Tell me where you are . Did you hear what I said ? Morgan Martin is missing . I did something to him ! [ Julia , Indistinct ] It 's time to tell me where you are . The situation has obviously gotten out of your control . I 'm gonna handle it . I 'll handle it . I just need to think . [ Buzzing ] Julia , give me your coordinates . I can help you if I know where you are . Where is Eden Project ? I 'm not gonna tell you that ! [ Buzzing ] Someone is in here . There . True . What are you doing in here ? - Nothing . - Get her . Get her ! Don 't be scared . It 's okay . Don 't be scared . I just want to talk to you . Hold on . True , wait . Just tell me what you saw in there . True ? True , come back . True , stop . ! Daddy . ! Daddy . ! Daddy , help ! What ? Julia - She 's right behind me . She 's gonna hurt me . There 's nobody after you , sweetheart . Julia would never hurt you , True . You 've been playing in V.R. again , haven 't you ? No , " she " was . She was talking to a man . Then she chased me over the ridge , and she caught me spying on her . Spying ? Who were you spying on , True ? [ Exhales ] What 's going on , Julia ? I don 't know . I was working in the lab for the last hour , and then I heard True calling my name . She 's lying . True ! I 'm telling you . You did it the other day too , behind the rocks where no one could see you . I don 't play in V.R. , True . Why are you saying these things ? True , maybe , uh - maybe you made a mistake , huh ? You really shouldn 't make up lies , True . I know what I saw . Why won 't you believe me ? Why won 't anyone believe me ? I believe you , True . I always hate to listen , because it 's personal , but - [ Beeping ] [ Morgan 's Voice ] ... in the middle of something right now . [ Julia 's Voice ] I have something so exciting to tell you , you 're gonna want to hear it . - But I don 't want to say it here - - [ Julia 's Voice ] ... white cells of Ulysses Adair 's spinal " fl " uid . First dose - two c. c . ' s . Attempting to inject the solution past the hypothalamus - Why would Julia want to hurt Morgan ? According to her digitized medical logs , she wanted to confide in him , share a discovery with someone she thought would be sympathetic . What discovery ? Julia has been taking small doses of Uly 's D.N.A. into her own system . What ? Somehow she thought it would help her communicate with the Terrians . - But what has she done with Morgan ? - My best guess is she doesn 't know . She noted that a side effect of the D.N.A. was memory blackout . [ Exhales ] We might be able to jog her memory by giving her another dose . Well , let 's do it . I want to know what 's going on in there . [ Yale Murmuring ] [ Murmuring Continues ] Of course he 's not . [ Bess ] We have to find him . [ Indistinct ] Morgan . Morgan ? [ Panting ] Where the hell are you ? I could swear I left you right here . Julia . ! Devon , what are you doing here ? I 'm gonna find him . It 's my problem , but I 'm gonna fix it . We 're friends , Julia . We 've been through a lot together , and I can help you . Whatever it is you 're going through , I 'll understand . - We just want to get Morgan back . - You can 't understand ! You have no idea what 's going on beyond your little Eden Project . Julia , I know about your D.N.A. experiment . I know that you 've been in contact with someone . You 're so naive . I 've been protecting us . I 've been guarding our location so they wouldn 't come after us ! Who ? What 's going on , Julia ? Who did True see you talking to in V.R. ? Devon , did you really think that if this was the only habitable planet , you 'd be the only one interested in it ? It 's not your planet . It 's - You 're not God here . What is going on , Julia ? Why did you invade my son 's body ? What did you hope to find ? Aren 't you even listening to me ? [ Devon Grunts ] [ Devon Groaning ] [ Devon Shouting ] Everybody wants something from me-You , Reilly - I 'm not gonna be cajoled , do you understand ? Stop it . [ Shouts ] [ Shouts ] [ Screaming ] - Devon ? - [ Screaming Continues ] [ Panting ] Oh , my God . Let 's try this again . Only this time , let 's get some answers . Easy , Doc . Easy . Just working something out in V.R. According to the coordinates , Morgan is about a half a kilometer to the south . At least that 's where she was headed . What the hell did you do with my husband ? Where is my husband ? Come on . Let 's go - Where is he ? Let 's go find him . Come on . Who 's she working for ? I don 't know . Things got out of hand in there before I could find anything out . Now , Julia - You 've got to tell us , Julia . What will they want , these people with whom you 're working ? Who were you talking with in V.R. , and how were you getting in touch with him ? [ Breathing Heavily ] Don 't make this any harder . Julia . Julia , we have already gone through everything you own . Now , please , tell us , who have you been communicating with ? You can trust us , Julia . Tell us , who 's out there ? [ Breathing Heavily ] Okay . She 's not gonna talk , Yale . Let 's go . [ Julia Narrating ] I am Dr. Julia Heller , physician to the Eden Project - Morgan ! patriot to the Council . Since we crashed on this planet , a war has raged inside me ... between my two allegiances . [ Sobbing ] I gave in out of fear and curiosity . I 've done things I shouldn 't have . [ Murmuring ] Come on . I saw my dark side , and it was more frightening than I ever imagined . [ Gasping ] [ Devon Narrating ] We are the Eden Project . Every day , we have the same routine . We wake . We travel . We stop , set up camp , try to catch some rest . Then we wake and travel again . 3 , 100 miles more to New Pacifica . And today , we continue ourjourney , but we 're forced to stray from our routine . For the first time , we travel with one less person in our crew . Why don 't you ride for a while ? You can 't walk all the way to New Pacifica . I 'm fine . It was everyone 's decision . Life on this planet is hard enough without someone working to destroy us . She experimented on your son . She tried to kill you . We never found her communication device . We 'd never know if we were being monitored . How 's she gonna survive without us with her , Yale ? She 'll find a way .
