 - What ho ! - What ho ! Hey , Lazard , why do the night guys get a piece like you , when we 're stuck with old eel breath ? It 's fate , detective , conspiring to keep us apart . All right. I 'm outta here . See ya . See ya tomorrow . You all right ? You lost ? I got her in the holding room , but she 's not talking , at least not to me . You 're asking me cos you know I 'm good with kids ? Yeah , a regular Mr Greenjeans . Hi . This is Detective Barbala . He 's gonna help you find your parents . Hiya , sweetheart . - What 's your name ? - Michelle . Everything 's gonna be all right , OK ? Don 't be scared now . Michelle what ? You said your first name was Michelle . What 's your last name ? Bishop . Bishop . Michelle ... Bishop . And where do you live , Michelle ? Here in Buffalo ? What was that ? Did you hear that ? Somebody call an ambulance ! X-Files Season 1 Episode 22 - Born Again - How 'd you hear about us ? - My brother . My brother 's a cop . - Hoe hebt u over ons gehoord ? - Mijn broer is agent . Baltimore . He told me about your work on the Tooms case . He said you got a good feel for things ... out of the ordinary . Look , the truth is Barbala never won any popularity contests here at the One Four . But he 's still a cop , you know ? I guess that 's why I can 't just let this rest . You said there was one witness - a little girl . What did she say happened ? She said there was another man in the room . - lt stands to reason somebody was ... - l was right outside . There was nobody else except Barbala and the kid . - You didn 't get a description of the man ? - l 'm telling you , there was no one else . Listen . The department 's treating this as a suicide , but I knew this guy . There 's no way he did himself . Well , was he depressed or under psychiatric care of any kind ? Nah . Only time he ever looked at himself was in the mirror , and he always liked what he saw . Plus , jumpers tend to open windows before they jump . Where 's the kid now ? She was released an hour ago . Her mother picked her up . You don 't think the girl had anything to do with it ? I don 't know what to believe . Eight years I 've been on this force . I 've seen a lot of strange things , but this kid ... Something 's just not right about her . - Did he have long hair or short hair ? - Short . Like that ? Was his hair dark like mine , or lighter like yours ? Like mine . - How about a beard or a moustache ? - Moustache . You got a funny one ? Like this ? Or this ? Whoa . What happened ? Weird . I didn 't even hit a key . Must be a glitch in the new software . Michelle , was his moustache like that ? Do you have any idea how your daughter might have gotten there ? Buffalo 's half an hour away by train , and the station is a five-minute car ride . When I came home Mrs Dougherty was locked in the wine cellar . I called the police immediately . - And Mrs Dougherty is ? - Michelle 's nanny . Her latest that is . She 's already gone through four this year , and it 's only April . What seems to be the problem ? Michelle is the problem . How do you mean ? As hard as it is for a mother to admit , I know this sounds terrible to say , but the truth is that sometimes she frightens me . Frightens you how ? She 's not like other girls , Agent Scully . Tell me . She just isn 't . She doesn 't have any friends . She hardly ever smiles . It breaks my heart , but I can 't comfort her . She says she sees things that I can 't see . She hears people yelling in her head . Last summer we had to cover our pool . Jim was trying to teach her how to swim , but every time Michelle would get close to the water , she would start to scream . Scream like you 've never heard in all your life . Your husband , where is he now ? We 're divorced . Mrs Bishop ? This is the man Michelle said she saw at the police station . Do you recognise him ? No , I 'm sorry . She also mentioned a friend , someone named Sheila . - Do you know who that is ? - That would be Dr Braun . She 's the developmental psychologist at Brylin Hospital . Michelle sees her twice a week . Look at that . Looks like a hawk . A falcon . It 's beautiful . - lt 's called origami . - Japanese paper folding . Where did she learn how to do that ? I have no idea . - Harry , you 'll put that face into the system ? - As we speak . Can you drive Scully into the city ? - Wait . We have an autopsy at seven . - That 's your department . I 'm gonna go to Brylin Hospital , see if I can have a chat with Michelle 's shrink . And check for burns or lesions on Barbala 's body . Why ? Psychokinesis is usually associated with an electrical charge . Are you saying Michelle possesses the ability to psychically project her own will ? How else could a 60lb kid throw a 200lb detective out the window ? No , I don 't recognise him . I have no idea who this man is . - Could Michelle have fabricated him ? - Quite possibly . As with many dissociative disorders , the intensity of the patient 's emotions is often too much for one personality to process . So , in defence , part of the personality splits itself off . As in schizophrenia ? I 'm afraid Michelle 's diagnosis is not that simple . You see , my primary challenge has been to discover the source of her extreme rage . In most cases , it 's a traumatic event in the patient 's past . And in Michelle 's case ? Occasionally I would leave Michelle alone for part of our sessions ... with this doll . Each time a new doll , anatomically intact . And each time she dismembers and disfigures it in exactly the same way . First I thought she was being abused , but after some sessions with her parents I became convinced there was something else behind Michelle 's anxiety . Something much deeper , much more elusive . - Any theories ? - Frankly , no . I 'm at a loss . Have you tried deep-progression hypnosis ? I 've found hypnosis an unreliable approach at best . OK . So how have you been treating Michelle ? The Thorazine has been effective in regulating her more bizarre behaviour . I 'm sure . Have you observed any unexplained phenomena in Michelle 's presence ? Unexplained phenomena ? inordinate physical strength , psychic ability , telekinesis ? You 're joking , of course . I have a patient waiting , Agent Mulder . If you 'll excuse me . Note postmortem examination is being conducted eleven hours and 45 minutes after subject was pronounced . Note ... raised ... lesion approximately seven centimetres below sternum . Deep necrosis inconsistent with cause of death , as pronounced by Dr Guilder . And suggest localised electrocution . But a further tissue analysis will be necessary . Excuse me ? Could I talk to you for a second ? I just started the autopsy . Yeah , I don 't think he 's going anywhere . Will you take a couple for scale , please ? Thank you . Be right back . So what do you think ? - Looks like a match . - Yeah . Name 's Charlie Morris . Officer Charlie Morris . Used to work Narcotics out at the Two Seven . - Do you know him ? - No . Before my time . Well , where is he now ? Has he been transferred ? You could say that . Agent Scully , this guy 's been dead for nine years . Which means that little girl saw a ghost . This way , please . Just by the side of my desk . He was killed in Chinatown , gangland style , allegedly by the Triads , although no arrests were ever made . If you 're gonna tell me Michelle saw a poltergeist ... You 're the one that found the lesion on Barbala 's body that could have been caused by a concentration of electrothermal energy . " Could have been " being the operative phrase . I won 't know for sure until the lab results are in ... I won 't know for sure until the lab results are in ... Because sometimes ... - What ? - looking for extreme possibilities makes you blind to the probable explanation right in front of you . This is the face that Michelle Bishop saw . She walked by here and saw the face of Charlie Morris . Which means there were no ghosts flying around the precinct . Do you have the report describing Morris 's death ? Yeah. I have what 's been declassified . Why ? - Does it describe how he was murdered ? - Yes , I told you. lt was a signature hit . Give me the grizzly details . " His arm was severed just below the shoulder , presumably by a chain saw , and his right eye was gouged out . " This is what Michelle did to a dozen dolls in her shrink 's office . Hell of a coincidence , wouldn 't you say ? I think we should find out more about Charlie Morris . I got the address of his partner on the force . Hopefully he can tell us something . Detective Fiore ? We 're with the fbi . Can we talk to you for a minute ? Do you know this man ? Do you mind if we do this out here ? I don 't wanna wake my wife . This won 't take long . Yeah , sure I know him . That 's Charlie ... Charlie Morris . You two were partners . Yeah , we rode together his first nine months out of the Academy . What can you tell us about the circumstances surrounding his death ? That matter is still under investigation , and so I can 't comment on it . Detective , we 're under the direct authority of Captain Gersham at the 14th Precinct . 14th Precinct ? I never worked out of the One Four . - What 's all this about ? - We believe the death of Detective Barbala can be linked to the death of Officer Morris nine years ago . Linked how ? I thought this Barbala flipped his wing and jumped out a window . - Did you know the detective ? - By reputation . - What 's this got to do with Charlie ? - That 's why we need your help . The report said Officer Morris was killed off duty . That 's right . Best we can figure , it was some kind of payback . - For what ? - Around that time Organized Crime was doing a major sweep in Chinatown . - The Triads ? - Yeah . Some heavy busts went down against the Woo Shing Woo . Lot of smack never made it to the street . There were some pissed-off people playing mahjong that week . So you think Charlie Morris was killed as a warning to back off ? I think they picked a cop , any cop , and they whacked him . - Who is it , Tony ? - lt 's nothing to worry about , honey . Just some people from the fbi asking about a case I 'm working . - Sir , would you mind ... - lt 's the weekend . You guys mind ? You can get me at the squad first thing Monday morning , OK ? Good luck . is it me , or did we just get the brush-off ? - Did you notice her hands ? - What ? He says she was sleeping , but her hands were dusted with baking flour . It 's not a big deal , all right ? Don 't jerk yourself around , Tony . You 're acting like a little bug . - They were fbi ! - So what ? They start sniffing around too much , they 're gonna turn something up . Relax . They 're just people like us going through the motions . Yeah ? Then how are they connecting Charlie to Barbala ? And what do they know ? Nothing . Come on . We 're going to Citibank right now . - For what ? - The safety box ! And what shall we do , Tony ? Make a donation to the Little Sisters for the Poor ? Dump it somewhere . Tony , there 's only two of us left now . That 's over a million each . Take it all ! I don 't care ! Do your dream on the beach in Costa Rica , or wherever you wanna do it . You think I like this ? Selling disability insurance to morons ? " Well , sir , what if you should break your neck on the shore , or lose your leg in a car crash ? " You listen to me , Tony . We agreed to wait ten years and that is exactly what we 're gonna do . I listened to you once before and look what happened . Nobody ! Not me , not Barbala , wanted to see Charlie wind up like that . We just tried to scare some sense into him . It was an accident . End of story . And you better pull yourself together , Tony . Excuse me , sir ? Hey ! Open the door ! Open the door ! Open the door ! Hey ! Open the door ! For God 's sake , help me ! Hey . Get your hands off me , all right . A patrol unit picked her up a few blocks away from the bus stop . What 's going on ? We don 't know . All we know is that your daughter has witnessed two deaths in the past two days . She 's only eight . She couldn 't have done anything . Mrs Bishop , no one is accusing Michelle of anything . She 's just a little girl . is there anything you have not told us ? is there anything at all you can think of that might shed some light on what happened tonight ? No . This police station has a designated room at the Sheraton . An officer will take you and Michelle over there . Why is this happening to us ? Why ? Can I talk to you for a minute ? I 'm sorry . Excuse me . Listen to this . You know that guy that bought it tonight ? Leon Felder ? Before he started peddling life insurance , he was a cop out of the One Four . Guess who his partner used to be ? Rudy Barbala . Four cops . Three of whom are now dead . Their only connection being a drug bust in Chinatown almost nine years ago . And a little girl from Orchard Park . Morris , Fiore , Barbala and Felder . What 's wrong with this picture ? For one thing , Fiore said he only knew Barbala by reputation . Right . So why would he say that ? I don 't know . What ? There 's a page gone from Morris 's homicide file . - Where could it be ? - ls there a log sheet ? Should be . Yeah . Tony Fiore ... Checked out this afternoon . Mrs Fiore , we 're sorry for the early hour , but is your husband home ? No , he 's not . He never came home last night . May we come in ? Scully . Look familiar ? He said he was working a double shift , but when I called the precinct , he wasn 't scheduled . It 's just not like him not to call . Does your husband have family or friends in the area he might go to if he were in trouble ? I 've been on the phone all night . is he in any trouble ? Did you husband ever mention a detective named Rudy Barbala ? Or an ex-police officer named Leon Felder ? I don 't think so . Someone you might have had dinner with once , a friend of Tony 's from work , a name you can 't remember ? We don 't normally socialise with other cops . Mrs Fiore , I couldn 't help noticing your origami collection . Did you do these yourself ? Oh , no . Not me . No . That was Charlie 's hobby . - Charlie ? - My first husband . He was born in Japan . His father was stationed there . Not Charlie Morris , Tony 's ex-partner . Yeah . I was waiting for him to come home , too , nine years ago . Just like this . He was working on a whole set from the painting . The only animal he never got to was the giraffe . See right there , behind the zebra ? Michelle is eight years old . That means she was conceived at the same time Officer Morris was killed . Do me a favour , Mulder , and let me say it . Reincarnation . Metempsychosis , transmigration , re-embodiment - call it what you will . All based on the coincidence that Michelle Bishop and Officer Morris practised origami ? What about the drawing , the dolls , and that Michelle witnessed two deaths that can be tied to Morris ? So you think he 's back like Peter Proud to avenge his murder ? It 's not so far-fetched , Scully . Reincarnation is a basic tenet of many major religions . That still doesn 't explain how an eight-year-old girl can kill two grown men . lndividuals with strong past-life memories often exhibit psychic abilities . - ESP , telekinesis . - So where does that leave us ? One short step away from proving the pre-existence of the human soul . On the count of five , tell me where you are now . One ... two ... three ... four ... five . - Do you know where you are ? - Yes . Where ? - Tell me where you are . - At home . What time of day is it ? Night-time . How old are you now ? 24 . No ! We can 't ! We can 't do this ! It 's wrong ! What 's wrong ? What can 't you do ? - lt 's all right . You can trust me . - No , I can 't ! I can 't ! I can 't ! I can 't ! - This is dangerous . - Dr Spitz has conducted many sessions ... lf this continues , it could push Michelle deeper into withdrawal . is it more dangerous than pumping her with Thorazine ? They killing me ! They killing me ! - That 's enough ! - Mrs Bishop ... No ! No ! No ! It 's OK. lt 's OK. lt 's OK . It 's over ! It 's over ! - They just left . - We almost had it . We were right there . - l know . - We 'll have to try it again . Mrs Bishop won 't go for that . Not in this life time . Then we have to change her mind . How ? And to what end ? I mean , what exactly do you hope to discover by all this ? The truth . What really happened to Charlie Morris nine years ago . We 'll find the truth when we find Fiore . If we find Fiore . And if he 's still alive . Scully , you saw what happened in there . What I saw was some ... traumatised little girl who , for no apparent reason , has some connection to Charlie Morris . All evidence suggests Michelle is Charlie Morris . - Mulder ... - Short of her growing a moustache , how much more apparent does it have to become for you to accept it ? OK . Let 's just say that by some small miracle you managed to convince Michelle 's mother and the next hypnoregression provides you with all you could hope for . No grand jury is gonna listen to that kind of testimony . We still will not have an actionable case . On the count of five , tell me where you are now . The inconclusive results of Michelle 's regression do not shake my basic belief in hypnosis as a tool for psychological healing . Whether or not it offers us definitive proof of previous lifetimes is another matter . However , in this particular case , all other explanations seem to be even more wanting . - How old are you ? - 24 . No , we can 't ! We can 't do this ! It 's wrong ! What 's wrong ? What can 't you do ? - And how old are you ? - 24 . No , we ca ... ! 24 . No , no , I ... I wanna be here in case he shows up . I 'll call you the minute I hear anything . OK , yeah . OK . Bye-bye . Tony ! Tony ! Tony ! I checked the wind-up profiles . They 're up to speed . Which means ? Whatever this image is , it was recorded in that room with the girl . How is that possible ? There was a documented case in the ' 70s of a man from Porlock , Ohio , who could influence undeveloped film . He could create shapes on the negative from his mind . I don 't know how much noise I can clean up . Depends on the strength of the latent image . I tracked him down . He 's retired in Palm Beach . You were right , Agent Scully . He backed up all his records on disc . Pathologists are paranoid by nature . He faxed me the missing page from the autopsy report . Great . Well , apparently , Charlie Morris did not die as a result of his wounds . Says here there was a frothing of fluid in the respiratory tract . That indicates death by drowning . So he was drowned first , then mutilated to make it look like a signature execution ? Dr Yamaguchi said there were no signs of submersion , such as goose skin or wrinkled flesh , except for around the face and head . That 's right . Suggesting that he was killed in either a bathtub or a toilet . Except ... Except for what ? The marked bradycardia . It indicates a raised plasma sodium level . He was killed in sea water . Anita ! Anita ! Tony ! What 's going on ? Where have you been ? I know something 's going on . I need you to listen to me right now . I need you to go upstairs and pack a bag . Why ? What kind of trouble are you in ? I think someone 's trying to kill me . - Who ? - l don 't know . Why would anybody want to kill you ? - Tell me what 's going on . - Will you please just do what I 'm asking you ! Please . I 'm your husband and I love you , and I need you to trust me on this , OK ? Almost there . What I 've done is to map the frequencies of the interference . Coefficients for sine on this monitor . Cosine on that one . Now , using an algorithm program , I can remove the frequencies ... like this . Presto . What the hell ... ? Mulder , what is it ? - You said salt water , right ? - Right . So ? So Charlie Morris was drowned in his own tropical fish tank . That 's what he last saw before he died . We better hope Michelle Bishop is at home tucked in bed . Tony . Tony , somebody ... somebody left this on our doorstep tonight . Do you know who ? Answer me , Tony ! You stay here and keep the door closed . Tony , are you all right ? Tony , answer me ! Tony ! Tony , please , who 's there ? What 's happening ? Tony ! Let me out of here ! Mulder ! They said they were just gonna talk to you . Talk some sense into you . What was I supposed to do ? All you had to do was take the money , man ! Why didn 't you just take the money ? Tony , get me out ! What 's going on ? Let me out ! - Go check upstairs . - Please open the door. I 'm scared ! Michelle ! This won 't make right what happened . Please , I can 't get out ! Who 's there ? I can 't get out ! Please ! Tony ! Tony ... I 'm sorry . I knew what they did to Charlie . I was a part of it and I never said anything . I couldn 't . Oh , no ... I just wanted to take care of you . Who else would 've taken care of you ? Oh , God ... No ... No more ... Please ... please don 't hurt him any more . Closing entry . File number X40271 . Detective Anthony Fiore pleaded guilty yesterday in federal court to charges of first-degree murder after the fact , grand larceny , and obstruction of justice . The deaths of Detective Rudy Barbala and former police officer Leon Felder are being ruled as accidental . But their complicity in the murder of Charlie Morris has been definitively established . No charges were brought against Michelle Bishop , who , today , took her first swimming lesson . She claims no memory of the preceding events and her mother and Dr Braun have denied my requests for a second past-life regression . End of field journal , April 19 , 1994 . Agents of record : Fox Mulder and Dana Scully . Status : unexplained . Subtitles by : syafiQ a.k.a basikalbaru
