 ( Growls ) ( Dull Pop ) ( Slow , Heavy Breathing ) ( Snapping And Cracking ) Eugene ? Eugene , it 's Dr. Monte . Eugene , are you asleep ? - No . - I was on my way out and I wanted to see how you were feeling . Fine . Good . You nervous about tomorrow ? Don 't be . I know you think they won 't let you out so I snuck a peek at the reports of the doctors that will testify at your review tomorrow and they concur with my opinion that you 're ready to be released from here and rejoin the community . So ... why don 't we get some sleep and relax and I 'll see you tomorrow at the review , okay ? Let 's just keep our fingers crossed . Agent Scully . We have reviewed your reports , and frankly , we are quite displeased . Irregular procedure , untenable evidence inconclusive findings aggravated by vague opinion . But , sir , the very nature of the X-files cases often precludes orthodox investigation . Are you suggesting the Bureau adopt separate standards for you and Mulder ? - No , sir . - You suggesting Mulder obstructs you from proper procedure ? No , sir . If anything , I 'm suggesting that these cases be reviewed with ... an open mind . Maybe your mind has become too open . On X-files cases investigated by Agent Mulder and myself to date we have a conviction or case solution of 75 % . That 's well above current Bureau standard . And that is your only saving grace . May I ask , sir , what more you require ? What I require is increased frequency of reports conventional investigation . In short , Agent Scully , it is your responsibility to see that these cases are by the book . I understand . However ... conventional investigation of these cases may decrease rate of success . ( Gavel Pounding ) Judge : By order of the State of Maryland the Court shall review the psychological status of Eugene Victor Tooms . We 'll begin with the court-appointed expert witnesses . Court calls Dr. Pamela Karetzky . I performed several diagnostic procedures on Mr. Tooms in order to determine any organic physiological dysfunction ... an electroencephalogram , chromosomal analysis a computerized axial tomograph . All of these were negative . Mr. Tooms had recently lost his job . Parenthesis : Baltimore animal regulation / dog catcher . Close parenthesis . Aggravated by a false arrest incident with the F.B.I. , his assault on Agent Scully was 'frustration directed at the wrong person . ' I 'm reading from a recent interview I did with Mr. Tooms at the Druid Hill Sanitarium . Question : If you are released what is the first thing you would do ? Answer : I 'd like my old job back . Question : Why ? Answer : The animal shelter made me feel I was helping everyone ... people and animals . So , you see , what is occurring here is that Mr. Tooms has learned to articulate his feelings and invest his emotional energy towards creative and constructive activity ... ( No Audio ) ... in himself . It is my opinion that Mr. Tooms has had a very excellent response to the months of treatment and therapy . I would see no reason why he would be considered of any danger to himself or society . Woman : Is the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth ? I do . Mr. Mulder , as an expert witness for the State of Maryland , can you list your qualifications ? I 'm a special agent with the F.B.I. I worked for three years at the F.B.I. ' s behavioral science unit profiling serial killers . Your Honor , I know where he 's going with this . May I remind the Court Mr. Tooms was placed in psychiatric care solely for the assault on Agent Scully . He has never been charged , nor has any evidence linked him to any other crime . Judge : Proceed ... with caution . Myers : Agent Mulder , I understand that you 've developed a profile on Mr. Tooms . - Yes , I have . - Please . These murders span nearly a century . 19 homicides ... five occurring every 30 years since 1903 all in the Baltimore area . In each case , the liver was extracted and presumably eaten . A trophy was taken from each victim , many of which were found in the living quarters of Eugene Tooms at 66 Exeter Street . Records show that a Eugene Tooms has resided at that same address since 1903 ... the same year a man was murdered in that building . The most notable element connecting these cases is the undetermined point of entry . Many victims were found with their windows and doors locked from the inside . These fingerprints found at seven of the 19 crime scenes match Eugene Victor Tooms . Agent Mulder , look at his fingers . - Look at him . 100 years old ? - I contend that perhaps through a genetic mutation Tooms is capable of contorting and elongating his body to gain access to victims so he may extract the livers which provide him sustenance for the hibernation period of 30 years . He needs one more victim to complete this cycle . A preliminary exam revealed abnormalities in his stride , muscles , and axial bones . His attorney blocked further study . - I ask you to place the safety ... - No further questions . This is a rare and abnormal human creature who should not be released . - You may step down . - If you release Eugene Tooms , he will kill again . It 's in his genetic makeup . Would they have taken me more seriously if I wore the grey suit ? Mulder , your testimony ... you sounded ... I don 't care how it sounded , as long as it was the truth . And where were you ? Your testimony was important . I was called into a meeting by Assistant Director Skinner . What did he want ? Just wanted to reel me in . They 're ready . It is the opinion of this Court that Eugene Victor Tooms shall on this day be released from the Druid Hill Sanitarium . Court also attaches these conditions : One , that he remain in counseling under the care of Dr. Aaron Monte ... that he may retain his job at the Baltimore Regulations Animal Shelter and last , he take residence in the house of Mr. And Mrs. Arlan Green trained in a program to assist patients released from Druid Hill in their transition to society . Mr. Tooms ? Do you understand and accept these conditions ? Yes , Your Honor . Very well . You 're free to go . I 'm not taking my eyes off him . He 'll kill again first chance he can , but he won 't kill the old couple . Tooms didn 't remain a secret for 100 years by not being careful . Think of him as an animal . He kills out of necessity or self-defense . If he makes an attempt , I 'll be there . I 'll keep surveillance with you . If he can 't be tied to recent evidence go to the earlier murders to prove it was him . That was 30 or 60 years ago . There 's no statute of limitation on murder . That 's going to entail unorthodox methods of investigation . If you 're resistant because you don 't believe I 'll respect that , but if you 're resistant because of bureaucratic pressure , they 've not only reeled you in they 've skinned you . ( Door Opening ) Arlan : I hope you 'll be comfortable , Eugene . The room in the back is small but I 'm sure you 'll be able to squeeze in . Tooms : I 'm sure . ( Growling And Snarling ) Excuse me . Could you help me find my dog ? He 's a Norwegian elkhound . His name is Heinrich . I use him to hunt moose . LfTooms gets away now then the next time he takes a life you 'll be nearly my age . Detective Briggs , you helped us so much before . Now we have to prove that Tooms was involved in the killings you investigated 30 years ago . You 've lived with this case half your life . There must be something . Maybe a connection between the victims . Now , I know that we 've seen all of the evidence but is there anything , anything at all amongst the evidence that does not fit ? There was something that never did sit quite right with me . All of the victims that I investigated in ' 63 were found at the crime scene , liver extracted . All five . As were the four most recent murders . When I was a sheriff during the Powhatan Mills killings of 1933 only four of the victims were found at the crime scene . However , there was a fifth person who was missing and never found but this ... this was discovered at the Ruxton Chemical Plant when it was under construction . But it doesn 't belong to the other victims . That doesn 't prove it belongs to a person murdered by Tooms . I 'm positive Tooms hid this one victim because something about the body could prove he was the killer . - What makes you positive ? - A hunch . An old-fashioned hunch . You 've got to trust your instincts . And what does your instinct say about where Tooms buried the body ? In the cement where they poured the foundation of the chemical plant . ( Machinery Whirring ) Scully : Ground-penetrating radar . It bounces signals off of objects or cavities . Tells you where the body is . Well , it signals if something inordinate is present . An experienced operator attempts to differentiate if the signal is a body or a stone or a hole in the ground . - Differentiate . - Mm-hmm . You mean he guesses . Well , it 's an educated guess . Mm-hmm . How are we doing ? Well , it 's really hard to tell . It 's here . Here ! What is it ? It 's here ! It 's right here ! ( Deep Breath ) ( Jackhammer Hammering ) Agent Scully ! Look at this . ( Computer Keyboard Clicking ) Woman : Robotoddler 's finally sleeping . I 'm gonna watch TV in bed . Okay . ( Vehicle Approaching ) ( Baby Crying ) I 'm coming , honey . Mommy 's right here . Shh , shh . Screw it . ( Grunts ) ( Knocking ) Christine : Honey , would you go down and get that ? ( Sighs ) F.B.I. - I suspect an intruder in your house . - What ? Someone opened my window . I suspect the year of death to be in the mid-1930s . Anterior surface of the right femur was green indicating a long-term exposure to copper so we concentrated on the area and we found several pennies . 1933 , ' 31 , 1933 . Can you determine cause of death ? My instinct says that burial in cement is murder . Uh , no . At the moment I have found no definite proof of murder . There are gnawing marks near the ribs . However , I suspect that 's the result of rodent activity prior to the body being set in the cement . We need to see much more of the remains to determine cause of death . As you know , it 's a slow , but necessary process . I did try a little something . It 's a little premature if we 're going by the book . Well , we 'll keep it off the record . Good . Thank you . The old man , Mr. Briggs , he gave me a photo of the missing person in ' 33 suspected of being a murder victim . I ran a computer-assisted photographic superimposition on what we have of the skull . This is not official but that skeleton was that person . It 's not enough . It doesn 't tie it to Tooms . Well , it 's a start . Mulder , it 's getting a bit ripe in here , don 't you think ? ( Sniffs ) ( Plastic Wrapper Crinkling ) Pine scented . ( Sniffs ) Whew ! ( Sniffs ) Better ? Tooms hasn 't come out of the house all day . I sat through a Phillies game , an Orioles game and four hours of Ba-Ba-Booey . When it got dark , I took a walk around the block . Do you have that sandwich I asked you to bring ? It 's liverwurst . Ha-ha . Mulder , you know that proper surveillance requires two pairs of agents ... one pair relieving the other after 12 hours . Article 30 , paragraph 8.7 ? This isn 't about doing it by the book . This is about you not having slept for three days . You 're going to get sloppy and you 're going to get hurt . A request for other agents to stake out Tooms would be denied . Well , then I 'll stay here . You go home . ( Sighs ) They 're out to put an end to the X-files , Scully . I don 't know why , but any excuse will do . I don 't really care about my record but you 'd be in trouble just sitting in this car and I 'd hate to see you carry an official reprimand in your career file because of me . - Fox . - ( Chuckles ) And I ... I even made my parents call me Mulder . So ... Mulder . Mulder , I wouldn 't put myself on the line for anybody but you . If there 's an iced tea in that bag , could be love . Must be fate , Mulder . Root beer . You 're delirious . Go home and get some sleep . Here . Take my sandwich . I only had one bite . You 're going to want it later . And call me if anything happens , immediately . I 'll be here . Oh , and 11 : 30 , station 790 ... Pete Rose Late Night Sports Talk radio show . Wouldn 't miss it for the world . ( Car Starts ) It has worked , hasn 't it ? You 'll be all right now . I know it 's worked ! ( Screams ) Yeah , they found him out cold in the street . He 's been beaten up pretty badly . Contusions , multiple lacerations . Shoulder 's been pulled right out of joint . Let 's get him prepped for some blood work and X rays . Orderly : Yes , Doctor . He 's been kicked in the jaw and it may be fractured . Look , there 's a partial shoe print . I want to get a photo of that . We might be able to find the shoe that matches it later . Do you know who did this to you ? ( Whispering ) We 'll be right back , Mr. Tooms . Says it was an F.B.I. Agent named Mulder . So would you say he 's delusional or just schizophrenic ? Well , it 's just a cursory exam , but there 's nothing to indicate that . ( Grunts ) ( Knocking ) ( Sighs ) - Agent Mulder ? - Yeah . What 's going on ? What 's this about ? Agent Mulder , get your things . You 're in some trouble . These are serious allegations . The evidence is incriminating . A good forensic scientist would know there is not only a shoe print but also an impact point of a foot from inside the shoe . An analysis ofTooms ' injury would show that my foot was not inside the shoe . Are you suggesting Tooms is framing you ? - Of course . - If you were engaged in an unauthorized surveillance ofTooms how could he gain access to your shoe without you seeing him ? Sir ? I was engaged in the unauthorized surveillance as well and Agent Mulder was orienting me on the situation at the time Tooms was admitted into the hospital . Agent Mulder could not have done it because he was with me . Agent Scully , you wouldn 't be lying to me , would you ? Sir , I would expect you to place the same trust in me as I do in you . Agent Scully , may I have a word with Agent Mulder , please ? Fox ... you are one of the finest , most unique agents in the nearly 60-year history of this institution . I mean , we were talking about you when you were in the academy . Now , most of us feel that your talents are wasted on the X-files but we respect that you 're deeply invested in those areas . But if these cases are creating such stress as to cause not only you to act inappropriately but those agents close to you as well then may I advise you to step away ... for a while ? Clear your head , take an extended vacation . That 's a good idea . Thanks for your concern . You 're forbidden to go near Eugene Tooms . Mulder ... this was close . Any closer and a thousand friends at the capitol won 't be able to help you . Scully : These are Eugene Tooms ' dental X rays obtained from the Druid Hills Sanitarium . Your sandwich gave me an idea . Dr. Plith mentioned he found gnawing on the rib cage near the location of the liver . Further excavation revealed more pronounced bite marks ... human teeth marks . Tooms will never voluntarily submit to a dental cast . This software can create an exact three-dimensional model ofTooms ' mouth from the dental radiograph . We 've also mapped out the bite marks on the skeleton 's rib , there . They match . ( Knocking ) - Eugene , Dr. Monte . - Hi , Eugene . I wanted to see how everything was going . Arlan : Susan and I are going out for the evening . Thanks . Great place . Wonderful place . How are you feeling ? Why the newspapers strips , Eugene ? Are you making some paper-mache ? - Yes . - That 's terrific . Wonderful . I had no idea you were interested in art . I like art . I do too , and I 'm very proud of you . You know , art can provide a window to your thoughts and your feelings . What are you doing , Eugene ? Eugene , are you all right ? ( Dr. Monte Screaming ) That makes five . - He 's building his nest . A 30-year hibernation . - Where would he go ? Where he 's gone for the last 90 years : 66 Exeter Street . - No , they tore down that apartment building he lived in . - What 's there now ? Mulder : Thanks . He 's got to be here . If he is drawn to this location for some reason maybe this nest is in the approximate location of the previous nest . This is the area . There 's a storage facility on the second floor . What ? Scully : There 's only room for one . You can get the next mutant . Mulder ! ( Growling ) Mulder ! ( Growling ) Mulder ! Here . Take my hand ! Come on . You can reach it ! Mulder ! Mulder , what 's happening ? Quick ! ( Growling ) ( Screaming ) You read this report ? Do you believe them ? Of course I do . Okay . Let 's go . It 's amazing how things change , isn 't it ? The caterpillar ? No . A change for us . It 's coming . How do you know ? A hunch .
