 Once , when she was a girl , a very little girl , Dana was in the woods . It was autumn . She had always been a tomboy , unlike her sister Melissa . For her birthday , Dana 's brothers gave her a BB gun and were showing her how to use it . Their father had told them only to shoot at cans . But in a patch of grass Bill Junior found a garter snake . And the boys began shooting . Wanting to fit in with her brothers , Dana also shot at the snake . It squirmed wildly , fighting for life , but as the boys continued to shoot , the snake began to bleed . When she realized what she had done , Dana began to cry with irrevocable guilt . Through her tears , she was saying that something was missing from the snake . She had taken something that was not hers to take . Although afraid of snakes , Dana held the animal as if sheer human will could keep it alive . The snake , its blood on her hands , died . Nothing she could do would bring it back . It 's too soon , Mrs Scully . We can 't give up . That day in the woods , I felt for my daughter . But at this moment , I know how my daughter felt . Season 2 , Episode 8 : One Breath We should stop . Sir ! Sir , you can 't go in there ! Who brought her here ? How did she get here ? - Would you ... - How did she get here ? Ms Scully was in this condition when I arrived . - If you step outside , Dr Daly ... - Is that Daly ? Are you Dr Daly ? - What the hell is going on ? - Settle down ... Was it paramedics , fbi , military ? Answer me right now ! You saying she just appeared ? Who did this to her ? - Sir ! - I wanna see her admission forms ! I wanna see what tests were done ! If you 're with them , if you 're hiding anything , I swear I will do anything ! Whatever it takes , I 'll find out what they did to her ! Dana is listed in critical condition . Comatose . There is unawareness of self or environment . No evidence of language comprehension or voluntary responses to external stimuli . My apologies , but no one here can determine how Dana arrived at the hospital , or how she was attended to in such a critical condition . Because of the absence of Dana 's recent medical history , I 'm at a loss for a prognosis . I can 't determine with certainty how long she 's been in this state . You haven 't said why she 's like this . We just don 't know , Mrs Scully . There are no signs of injuries , traumatic or non-traumatic . I can 't find signs of degenerative or metabolic disorders . - We have conducted every test possible . - I 'd like her examined for trace evidence . She 's been bathed and cleaned since her admittance . Also there is a situation which I don 't know if you 're aware of . The fbi has notified us of the terms of Dana 's living will . - What is it ? What did she say ? - Well , Dana is a doctor . Her criteria for terminating life support is quite specific . She states that if her Glasgow Outcome Scale lists her ... She doesn 't wanna live in this condition . You signed the will as her witness . I 've been told not to call you Fox . By who ? Dana . Just now . Dana talked to you just now ? If she 'd talked , the EEG would 've moved . Her soul is here . Hi , Mom . I 'm glad you could come , Melissa . You 're Scully 's sister ? Dana 's choosing whether to remain or move on . You can feel her . Here . She 's not here . Your anger , your fear is blocking any positive emotions she needs to feel . I need to do more than just wave my hands in the air . May I help you ? Dana Scully , please . Frohike ? Hey , Mulder ! This is weird . - Good work sneaking out these charts . - Tucked ' em in my pants . There 's plenty of room down there . You look down , Mulder . You 're welcome to come over on Saturday . We 're hoppin ' on the Internet to nit-pick inaccuracies of Earth 2 . - I 'm doing my laundry . - The chart shows abnormal protein chains . The amino acid sequence is in a combination I 've never seen . I downloaded Scully 's data to the newest Lone Gunman . - He goes by the name " The Thinker . " - This guy 's a hacking genius . What ? He reports the protein chains are the by-products of branched DNA . - Branched DNA ? - The cutting edge of genetic engineering . Biological equivalent of a silicon microchip . Way beyond cutting edge . This is technology 50 years down the line . - What 's it used for ? - Could be a tracking system . - Developmental stages of a marker . - You mean a hi-tech identity card ? Or something as insidious as grafting a human to something inhuman . Good theories , but all for naught . This branched DNA is inactive . It 's waste product . Whoever experimented on Scully is finished . Now it 's just a biological poison . Will she live ? Her immune system has been decimated . And I doubt even a healthy human body has the ability to fight this . Mulder , there 's nothing you can do . Dana ? Dana , honey ? I know you can hear me . This is Nurse Owens . I 'm here to take care of you , sweetheart . Watch over you . Help you find the way home . I know you 're far away from home tonight and that where you are is peaceful . It would be nice to stay . But , Dana , you must leave here only when it 's time . I 'll be here when you need me , dear . Excuse me , sir . I have to take some blood . - Code blue ! Crash cart . - Crash cart coming in . Let 's go ! - Let 's get an airway in . - She 's asystolic . - BP 80 over 60 , dropping . - Let 's shock her . Paddles . 200 joules . - Clear ! - Clear . - What have we got ? - Got a catheter in . - Let 's go again . Clear ! - Clear . - I didn 't expect you here . - A man took Scully 's blood . - Forget him ! - Get that gun away ! This compact sigsauer is pointed at your head to stress my insistence that your search for who hurt your partner desist now ! You ignore my call , then expect me to do what you say ? Go to hell ! You got him killed ! You got her killed . That 's not going to happen to me . You 're my tool , understand ? I come to you when I need you . You 're heading in a direction that can lead them here . - What are you talking about ? - You can 't know . That 's the point . I owe her more than just sitting around doing nothing . She was a good soldier , but there is nothing you can do to bring her back ! She 's not dead . Listen to you . Listen . You 're a damn schoolboy , Mulder . You have no idea . No idea . OK , then tell me . Tell me ! I used to be you . I was where you are now . But you 're not me , Mulder . I don 't think you have the heart . Walk away , grieve for Scully and then never look back . You will be able to live with yourself , Mulder , on the day you die . Federal agent ! Federal agent . You know I 'm armed . Don 't turn around . Put your gun very slowly on the ground . Put your hands behind your head , interlock your fingers . Turn right towards the machine and put your head on it . Face me . Who wants this ? Who wants it ? All right , let 's go . This way . Stay there . Wait ! You wanna see what it takes to find the truth , Agent Mulder ? You wanna know the things I know ? I 'll attend to this . Discontinuing the respirator does not necessarily mean ending her life . Karen Ann Quinlan lived for nine years after cessation of mechanical ventilation . I do believe , however , this is not the case with your daughter , Mrs Scully . My guess is that she 's been like this since her disappearance , and she will not improve . Is she below the criteria established in her will ? It 's possible branched DNA can be treated with designer antibiotics . I don 't know where you got this diagnosis , but you are in no position to continue ... You 've never provided an answer as to why she 's here or what 's wrong with her . - We must study her . - She 's not a piece of evidence . She 's here because of unnatural circumstances . She 's dying . That 's perfectly natural . We hide people because we don 't wanna look at death . We have machines prolong a life that should end . That 's a much more unnatural circumstance than any cause of her death . That 's very politically correct . That 's very human . I love her . And this is right . Dana has made our decision . Fox . You and Dana had a friendship built on respect . Now , in the last year , I have lost my husband , and God knows I don 't wanna lose my baby girl . But , like you , I have always respected her . Fox , this is a moment for the family . But you can join us if you want . Read it . It 's all there . If you 're having trouble sitting on Mulder , Assistant Director Skinner , I 'm sure you know we 'd have no trouble . Yeah , come in . Sit down . I called you because of rumors about an incident at the hospital . Is this about the tooth found in the cafeteria Jell-O ? The rumor has it you were involved in the laundry room ? - No , sir . - A man was executed . - I was with Scully . - Traces of her blood were found . - May I see the police report ? - There is no report or body . You know that ! Since I am unfamiliar with the incident , how would I know ? - Knock it off ! - How does it feel ? Constant denial of everything , questions answered with a question . - I wanna know what happened , dammit ! - Him ! That 's what happened . Cancer Man is responsible for what happened to Scully . - How do you know that ? - It 's a rumor . - Who is he ? - It 's not your ... You can have my badge , the X-Files . Just tell me where he is . And then what ? He sleeps with the fishes ? We 're not the Mafia , Mulder . We work for the Department of Justice . That 's what I want . Agent Scully was a fine officer . More than that , I liked her . I respected her . We all know the field we play in and what can happen in a game . If you were unprepared for all the potentials , then you shouldn 't step on the field . What if I knew the potential consequences , but I never told her ? Then you 're as much to blame for her condition as the Cancer Man . Hello , Starbuck . It 's Ahab . People would say to me " Life is short . " " Kids , they grow up fast . Before you know it , it 's over . " I never listened . To me , life went at a proper pace . There were many rewards . Until the moment that I knew , I understood I would never see you again . My little girl . Then my life felt as if it had been the length of one breath . One heartbeat . I never knew how much I loved my daughter until I could never tell her . At that moment , I 'd have traded every medal , every commendation , every promotion for just one more second with you . We 'll be together again , Starbuck . But not now . Soon . Dana ? I know death is at arm 's reach tonight . But , Dana , your time is not over . You know , Fox ... Sorry , Mulder . You could spend your life finding everyone responsible and it still won 't bring her back . Whoever did this to her has an equal horror coming to them . Including myself ? Pardon me . Sir , do you have change for the cigarette machine ? No . Sorry , I don 't . What do you mean , yourself ? There 's a pack already here . Morleys . Not my brand . Cigarette , Frank ? How about a smoke ? Sit down ! - How 'd you find me ? - Shut up ! Tonight I ask questions and you answer , you son of a bitch ! Don 't try and threaten me , Mulder . I 've watched presidents die . Why her ? Why her and not me ? Answer me ! I like you . I like her , too . That 's why she was returned to you . You should be the one to die . Why ? Look at me . No wife , no family . Some power . I 'm in the game because I believe what I 'm doing is right . Right ? Who are you to decide what 's right ? Who are you ? If people were to know of the things that I know , it would all fall apart . I told Skinner you shot the man in the hospital , but I didn 't believe it . And here you are with a gun to my head . I have more respect for you , Mulder . You 're becoming a player . You can kill me now , but you 'll never know the truth . And that 's why I 'll win . Don 't worry . This 'll be our secret . We wouldn 't want others to start rumors . When I started out , this room was where they kept the copier . At least back then it wasn 'tjust wasted space . It 's unacceptable . I know you feel responsible for Agent Scully , but I won 't accept defeat as self-punishment . All the forensics , the field investigations , the eyewitness accounts , to still know nothing . To lose myself and Scully . I hate what I 've become . When I was 18 , I went to Vietnam . I wasn 't drafted , Mulder . I enlisted in the Marine Corps the day of my 18th birthday . I did it on a blind faith . I did it because I believed it was the right thing to do . Maybe I still do . Three months into my tour , a ten-year-old North Vietnamese boy walked into camp , covered with grenades . And I ... I blew his head off from a distance of ten yards . I lost my faith . Not in my country or in myself , but in everything . There was just no point to anything anymore . One night , on patrol , we were caught . And everyone , everyone fell . I mean everyone . I looked down at my body from outside of it . I didn 't recognize it at first . I watched the VC strip my uniform , take my weapon . And I remained in this thickjungle . Peaceful , unafraid , watching my dead friends , watching myself . In the morning the corpsmen put me in a body bag until ... I guess they found a pulse . I awoke in a Saigon hospital two weeks later . I 'm afraid to look any further beyond that experience . You ? You are not . Your resignation is unacceptable . You ... You gave me Cancer Man 's location . You put your life in danger . Agent Mulder , every life , every day , is in danger . That 's just life . Your plane ticket . - But we barely know each other . - I can 't tell you why she was taken . It 's too close to me . I 'm giving you the men who took her . - How ? - They believe you 'll be out of town . They believe you have information about Scully in your desk in your apartment . At 8 : 17 tonight they 'll search your apartment . They will be armed . You will be waiting . - Waiting ? - To defend yourself with terminal intensity . It 's the only way , Mulder . The law will not punish these people . After tonight , we cannot make contact for several weeks . Mulder . Sorry . I came by . You weren 't answering , your machine wasn 't on . Can I come in ? For a second ? - Why is it so dark ? - Because the lights aren 't on . OK . I just came from the hospital . Dr Daly says she 's weakening . It could be anytime , so I figured you 'd wanna come down and see her . Well , I can 't . - Well , I 'd think that you would . - Yeah , I would . I can 't . Not right now . Listen . I don 't have to be psychic to see that you 're in a very dark place . Much darker than where my sister is . Willingly walking deeper into darkness cannot help her at all . Only the light will ... Enough with the harmonic convergence crap ! You 're not saying anything to me . Why don 't you just drop your cynicism , paranoia and defeat ? Just because it 's positive and good doesn 't make it silly or trite . Why is it easier for you to try to get even , than just expressing to her how you feel ? I expect more from you . Dana expects more . Even if it doesn 't bring her back , at least she 'll know . And so will you . I feel , Scully , that you believe you 're not ready to go . And you 've always had the strength of your beliefs . I don 't know if my being here will help bring you back . But I 'm here . Let me check the chart . No , there doesn 't seem to be any significant changes since you were last here . Call Dr Daly . Now ! This is ICU . Find Dr Daly , stat . Hello , this is Fox Mulder . Leave a message ... I 'm here . Hello , Fox . Not Fox . Mulder . How are you feeling ? Mulder , I don 't remember anything . After Duane Barry ... It doesn 't matter . I brought you a present . Superstars of the Super Bowls . I knew there was a reason to live . Now you wanna get some rest . I just came by to see how you 're doing . Say hi . Mulder ? I had the strength of your beliefs . I was holding this for you . Can I see Nurse Owens ? I 've got something I 'd like her to have . Nurse who ? Owens . Short , with straight light-brown hair . She watched over me in Intensive Care and I 'd like to thank her . Dana , I 've worked here for ten years and there 's no Nurse Owens at this hospital .
