 - They were to check in at midnight . - You try every band ? - All audiovisual seemed to be down . - Maybe it 's just a satellite glitch . We thought so too , until we received this from a tracking station in Bend , Oregon . They picked it up on an emergency frequency . What are those guys doing ? We did manage to uplink Firewalker 's video camera . It 's at base camp , so we hope it can give us a picture , tell us what 's going on . Data feed 's coming in now . - What 's the robot doing in the volcano ? - I don 't know . There 's no descent scheduled . Firewalker 's not responding . I can 't get control . - Someone 's overriding it . - Lock camera remote and pan left . Stop . Stop . Go back . Tilt up and zoom in . Erikson . What the hell ... ? Give me that . There it is again . Did you see that ? You saw that shadow , didn 't you ? Yeah , but what could be moving around in that kind of heat ? I don 't know . Maybe it was just a ghost signal . I mean , it wouldn 't be the first time that ... What 's going on up there ? Season 2 , Episode 9 : Firewalker Let 's go to our science editor Eric Parker in Mount Avalon , Washington . Eric ? I 'm standing here with a group of scientists who are excited about this device , which looks like a large titanium bug . Firewalker will next week make its first descent into an active volcano . This robot is the brainchild of volcanologist Daniel Trepkos . It will gather samples from the crater which may hold scientific data about the Earth 's core . Scientific data ? We 're talking about revisiting the very origin of the Earth . Peering into the fire where it all began . A human endeavor more important even than man 's exploration of space . That 's no mean claim . Daniel always had a flair for self-dramatization . - I 'd always heard that he was brilliant . - Brilliant doesn 't go quite far enough . He occupies a rare place among scientists where dreams , ambition and great luck converge . You think his luckjust ran out . The team sent a distress signal yesterday after failing to make a status report . They haven 't responded to any of our calls . But by using remote telemetry , we were able to activate Firewalker 's camera . This is what we found . You 're looking at the floor of the volcano . But this is the last thing we expected to discover . The dead man is Phil Erikson , chief seismologist . Now , look at this . Whoa . What the hell is that ? We don 't know . Whatever it was disabled the camera . The temperature readings are upwards of 130ยบ at this depth . - But that was alive . - Why weren 't you there ? I left the project six weeks ago . Trepkos and I nearly came to blows . - Over what ? - Well , I wish I could explain . Daniel and I ... I always played Salieri to his Mozart . I was never quite on his plane of intellect . But this time I found him slipping . Into madness . - He controlled the others ... - You think he 's responsible for this ? Whatever there is between me and him , I pray that he isn 't . We 've got 20 million tax dollars in this project . If word of it were to get out , it could destroy years of work . I 'm afraid to go through proper channels . Yeah . We 're not exactly proper channels . - How soon can we get up there ? - There 's a flight waiting to take us to Seattle . From there , a helicopter will fly us to Mount Avalon . Scully ? - I don 't think it 's a good idea for you to go . - Mulder , I appreciate your concern , but I 'm ready - I wanna work . Well , maybe you should take some time off . I 've already lost too much time . There it is . This was Firewalker 's satellite relay . We installed field instruments here . Seismographs , tiltmeters ... We 'll look here after we 've checked inside . The instruments are worth millions of project dollars . I 'm accountable to the USGS for ' em . - Shouldn 't we find the descent team first ? - I just wanna take a quick damage survey . I 'll catch up with you in a few minutes . Hello ? Looks like somebody wanted to put this operation permanently out of commission . Mulder . - Wait . Wait . - What 's going on ? - This isn 't what it looks like . - He just about took my head off . I told you , I made a mistake , OK ? I 'm sorry , all right ? - Who the hell are you ? - I 'm ... I 'm Ludwig . I 'm Jason Ludwig . - I 'm the robotics engineer . - Do you always greet people this way ? I heard a noise . I thought it was him . I was protecting myself . You know , self-preservation ? Who did you think I was that you thought you had to protect yourself ? Trepkos . Sometimes he wouldn 't talk to us for days . Then , boom ! You couldn 't get him to shut up . Don 't get me wrong , OK ? No one revered the man more than me . I mean , he was a prophet , an oracle . He saw things . I - I ... I mean , he ... he saw things that you and me , we only dream about , and then forget when we wake up . Well , it 's OK , you can come out now . The cavalry 's here . This is Peter Tanaka , our systems analyst . And this is Jesse O 'Neil . Are you the rescue team ? - No , we 're with the fbi . - fbi ? But you 're taking us back , right ? - After we 've investigated what happened . - Trepkos is what happened . - Did he kill Erikson ? - He flipped out . Right after the descent , he just flipped out . Can you think of anything that might 've caused or contributed to his behavior ? - You 're asking me ? - Daniel was sick . He had a bipolar disorder . I think that 's what it was . It wasn 't a secret , but it 's not something he advertised either . But with his medication he was just fine . Well , I think Erikson 's wife might disagree with that . You 're part of the team , Jesse ? Daniel was my thesis advisor at the university . He asked me to assist him on this project . - Are these his notes ? - Oh , yeah . Well , whatever 's left of ' em . First thing he did was destroy all his own work . You know , his field journals , his computer disks . We salvaged what we could , but I don 't really think you 'll find much in there . Of use , anyway . Hello ? Anyone there ? Scully . What d 'you make of Mr Trepkos 's neighborhood ? - What d 'you mean ? - Isn 't their behavior bizarre ? Paranoid ? - After what they 've been through , no . - They 're practically climbing the walls . They 've been living in the middle of nowhere for a year . One is dead , probably at the hands of another . You have to expect some heightened level of emotional distress . It 's more than that . There 's something they 're not telling us . Based on what ? Based on when Ludwig tried to play T-ball with my head . He knew I wasn 't Trepkos . - Now Mulder , you 're sounding paranoid . - Pierce knows these people . Let 's find out what he thinks . OK . No one can leave . Pierce . - He 's not here . - Pierce . - Something 's happened . - Oh , my God . Get over here . He 's over here . I 've found him . I 've found him . I 've found him . - That should do it . - What shall we do with the body ? - Do you have a freezer ? - Yeah . - Radio for the helicopter . I 'm almost done . - Let me help you . No , that 's OK , we got him . - We can 't leave , Scully . Not yet . - Why not ? - Trepkos is still out there . - He killed Pierce and probably Erikson . - We should come back with a larger party . - No . I 've been going over Trepkos 's work . I found references to a subterranean organism . - What ? - An organism existing within the volcano . No specific description ... Mulder , nothing can live in a volcanic interior . Not only because of the intense heat , but the gases would be toxic . What does this say ? It describes the metabolism from hydrogen sulfide into silicon dioxide . A silicon-based life form ? The basic building block for every organism known to man is carbon . - From bacterium to redwood trees . - Silicon is the closest element to carbon . It reacts identically with other elements - it combines to form complex molecules . A silicon-based life form is one of the holy grails of modern science . Maybe Trepkos found it . Mulder , that is science fiction . It 's an elaborate construct from a delusional mind . This doesn 't prove anything . Trepkos said he had evidence . It 's gotta be here somewhere . - Whatever evidence he had , he destroyed . - Maybe it wasn 't Trepkos who destroyed it . - What if it was one of the others ? - Why would they do that ? All of these people are suffering to varying degrees from post-traumatic stress . And from a medical point of view , we have to get them out of here sooner rather than later . Jesse ? Can I talk to you ? Are you OK ? I hate this place . What happened here , Jesse ? You can trust me . After the first descent , Daniel changed . He became withdrawn and paranoid . He locked himself in the lab for three days and wouldn 't let any of us in . Do you think the descent triggered his breakdown ? Well , that 's what I thought . And then I found out that he 's not taking his pills . Lithium carbonate . Yeah , he said that they were polluting his brain . And he said I was polluting his body . I 'm scared . - I don 't wanna die here . - What are you so afraid of , Jesse ? Daniel . The only reason I even came here was because of him . He promised me that this would be an adventure . That it would change my life . But eight months is a long time , and I just wanna go home now . Where 's home ? Anywhere but here . Samples 7 , 12 and 22 also contain trace evidence of the organism . The possibility of this new , or perhaps unfathomably old , life form has left me sleepless , wondering if I haven 't lost all perspective . If my intense desire to find the truth hasn 't finally eclipsed the truth itself . Our meddling intellect misshapes the beauteous forms of things . We murder to dissect . My mind is a tangled knot I can no longer untie . Daily , I fight the urge to sever it completely to stop this descent . What caused that tremor ? There 's been a lot of seismic activity in the northeast rift zone . If Trepkos hadn 't destroyed our instruments , we might have learned something from it . You feeling all right ? Yeah . Agent Scully 's a medical doctor . Let her take a look at you . - I 'm fine . - Just let her take a look ... No . I 'll go get Scully . - Come on , get up . She 'll help you . - I don 't want her to . Of course you do . It 's for the best . We have to get out of here . He just collapsed after the tremor . He seems pretty bad . - He 's burning up . - What is it ? An infection or a toxic reaction . We 've gotta get him to a hospital . - I 'll get a stretcher . - We can 'tjust leave Trepkos . Give me the shortwave . This is Agent Scully with the Firewalker team . Come in , Search and Rescue . I 'll get O 'Neil and meet you at the landing site . This is Search and Rescue . Request dispatch of medevac immediately . We have an Asian male , mid-thirties , spiking a high-grade fever . Tanaka 's collapsed . We 're getting him out . - Tanaka . - Peter . Peter , come on , get back here . There . - Come on . - Don 't go down there . - Let me go . What 're you doing ? Let go of me . - Don 't go down there . For God 's sakes , he needs our help . So what is it , Scully ? What are we dealing with ? Without better imaging equipment , I can 't say for sure . I 'll take any theory you 've got . - It appears to be some kind of a fungus . - Anything you recognise ? Well , I 'm not a botanist , but I think it 's fair to guess that it 's an unknown genus . - What am I looking at here ? - Spores . I scraped them off the tip of the fungus . It appears as if one of the spores grew inside Tanaka until it reached reproductive maturity . Essentially outgrowing its host . But by then it had caused massive tissue damage , particularly to the respiratory tract . - That accounts for the sand in his lungs . - You found sand in his lungs ? Silicon dioxide . The waste product of a silicon-based organism . Wait a second . There ... there 's no such thing as a silicon-based organism . Maybe now there is . But we won 't have proof until we determine its molecular structure . Come on . How else do you explain the sand in his lungs ? It 's the best trace evidence we could ask for . Trepkos was right . Daniel knew about this ? He discovered a spore in the samples Firewalker brought up . He would 've told us . Not if what he discovered was too disturbing even for him to understand . This might explain something else . The spore could explain Trepkos 's dementia . Fungi contain alkaloids that affect the nervous system . Yeah , but what about us ? I mean , we weren 't exposed . We don 't know that . If it was an airborne microbe , any of us could 've inhaled a spore . So we 're not going home , right ? Not until we know how it 's transmitted , how it incubates . If even one of us is infected , we could risk infecting a much larger population . Search and Rescue , this is Agent Mulder . Do you copy ? This is Search and Rescue . We 're in a holding pattern . Over . Notify fbi District HQ in Spokane that we 're in quarantine due to possible contagion . Have CDC send up an evacuation unit on high alert . What 's the nature of the contagion ? Agent Mulder ? Tell them it 's a biological agent of unknown origin . That 's affirmative . Standing by . Maybe you should go check up on O 'Neil . I 'm gonna go find Trepkos . - What if he 's already dead ? - He 'll find it tough answering my questions . I 've gotta find out what he knows . It could change our understanding of the origin and evolution of life . He 's dangerous , Mulder . He 's already killed two men . - Then I have to find out why . - Will you at least let me go with you ? No . Look , I know what you 're thinking , but you have to get past that . We both do . I 'm back and I 'm not going anywhere . You have to finish the autopsy on Tanaka . Hopefully that 'll give us a better idea of what we 're dealing with - whatever it is . I 'm counting on you to keep us all from ending up on that slab . Do like we said , OK ? You know what to say , right ? I could use a little help . Excuse me . - So what do you need ? - Directions , a contour map , USGS survey . Anything that can help me get here . These are the steam caves . They feed into the Sherman Crater . That 's how we access the caldera . - How did you get these ? - Firewalker . They were transmitted right before Trepkos destroyed his camera . So you 're finally gonna go after Trepkos ? Well , I 'll tell you one thing . You won 't find him with those . - And you won 't find him with any map either . - How will I find him ? You won 't . - Not without a guide . - A guide ? Yeah , a guide . I 've been up here for almost a year . I spent months in those caves , charting every fissure , every crevice , so Firewalker wouldn 't trip . If Trepkos is there , I can find him . - Why are you so eager to help me find him ? - Oh , I 'm ... I 'm not eager . I just don 't want to wait around for Trepkos to do to me what he did to Pierce and Erikson . Plus , you 've got the gun . You 're the only one who can get us out of this place . Whatever I 'm smelling , is it toxic ? Between the heat and the sulfur , it can get pretty nasty in here . But it won 't hurt you . You 'll get used to it . - How far does the cave extend ? - Three quarters of a mile , to the crater rim . Let 's head in . It twists around quite a bit till you get there . Lots of dead ends and blind drops . Unless you know where you 're going , you 're like a rat in a maze . Your gun . Back . Get back . Why are you doing this , Trepkos ? He 's already dead . How many times do you have to kill him ? It 's not him I 'm trying to kill . I have attempted to culture the spore , using temperatures ranging from human basal to those approximating the volcanic interior . I have used nutritive mediums containing human tissue , blood and saliva . Even sulfur . However , none of the seven trials have successfully grown the fungus that killed Tanaka . Based on this preliminary data , I have come to the following hypothesis : That unless the spores are ingested or inhaled by the host organism immediately upon their release , they become harmless , effectively dead . Jesse ? What is it ? I thought you 'd like to know - the chances are good that none of us were infected . We were a safe distance from Tanaka . When Mulder and Ludwig come back , we can leave . I ... I just need to run a few more tests , but I think we 're gonna be OK . OK , Jesse ? Jesse ? What went wrong , Trepkos ? Firewalker carried something back to the surface . Firewalker brought up an elephant . The truth is an elephant described by three blind men . The first man touches the tail and says it 's a rope . The second man feels the rough leg and says it 's a tree . The third man feels the trunk and says it 's a snake . What about you ? What do you say it is ? I say the earth holds some truths best left buried . Like the spore ? - Who are you ? - I 'm Special Agent Mulder . I 'm with the fbi . You don 't look like a policeman . I came down here to investigate Erikson 's death . That 's not why you 're here . You still believe you can petition heaven and get some penetrating answer . If you found that answer , what would you do with it ? I just wanna know what happened after the first descent . What did you find ? It was porous , obsidian . Erikson thought it was some sort of rock , so I told him to pulverize it for analysis . - Erikson released the spore ? - He discovered a new life form . In a single moment , all that science held sacred suddenly turned on its head . - What about Erikson ? If ... if he was infected ... - I was too immersed in the work to notice . I 'd been alone in the lab for three days when I heard their screams . They were all gathered around him . By the time I realized what was happening , they were already changing . The spore grew in each of them until it became ... What do you mean ? It 's a parasite . It lives to find a host . - But you weren 't infected ? - No . You destroyed your work , the equipment . You killed Pierce so no one could leave . No one can leave . What about O 'Neil ? Jesse ? - Was she exposed to the spore ? - They were all exposed . - All of them . - I have a colleague , a friend , who 's with O 'Neil right now . - Let me go to her . - She may already be infected . I can 't let you leave . Then you 're gonna have to shoot me . Because I 'm walking outta here . Jesse ? God , you scared me . Jesse ? Are you OK ? Jesse , what 's wrong ? Jesse ? Jesse , what are you doing ? Scully ? I 'm OK . I 'm OK . - You all right ? - I 'm OK . Yeah . Mulder , look , she was infected . I don 't know how . Erikson was the original host . When the fungus shed its spores , everyone was at ground zero , except for Trepkos . Did you find him ? I told her it would change her life . Search and Rescue , this is Agent Mulder . Do you copy ? This is Army Biohazard . How many are in your party ? We have two survivors - Agent Scully and myself . Copy that . Our ETA is seven minutes . Mulder , what are you doing ? They 're gonna wanna question him . It 's all over , Scully . He won 't talk . Scully and I are in the third day of a month 's quarantine , undergoing level four decon procedures . We are , so far , without symptoms of fungal contamination . Our specimens and field notes were taken by the biohazard corps prior to our evacuation . Their presence is delayed indefinitely for the arrival of the USGS data retrieval team . I suspect , though , there will be little left for them to retrieve . There are no plans to explore the volcanically active mountains in the Cascade range , including Mount Avalon . All access points to that volcano have been sealed off by army engineers . Of the members of the Firewalker descent team , only Trepkos and O 'Neil remain unaccounted for . They are presumed dead , and the search for them has been abandoned . Firewalker , however , was recovered , though its sensory and locomotive systems were found to be irreparably damaged . The data it collected from the Earth 's interior will never be known . And of the events that occurred at Mount Avalon between 11 and 13 November 1994 , mine stands as the only record .
