 Woman : Hi . You 've reached the Usher residence . Please leave a message at the tone . Hi , honey . It 's about 8 : 30 . I 'm going to be here a while . The presentation didn 't go so well . Call me . I love you . Bye . Guess who I ran into from our class at Quantico ? Marty Neil . J. Edgar , Jr ? Just got bumped up . Foreign counterintelligence . New York City Bureau . Supervisory special agent . Supervisory ? Two years out of the academy ? How did he land that ? He lucked into the Trade Center bombing . Well , good for Marty . Come on , Dana . The guy is a loser . Look where he is now . It 's where we should be . Brad Wilson told me the psychological profile you wrote on the Washington Crossing killer led them to the suspect . You 're on the violent crime section 's fast track . How are you doing ? Have you had any close encounters of the third kind ? Is that what everyone thinks I do ? No , of course not . But you do work with Spooky Mulder . Mulder 's ideas may be a bit out there but he is a great agent . Well , I 've got this case that 's out there . Baltimore P.D. Calls . They want our help on a serial killer profile . Three murders began six weeks ago . Victims vary in age , race , gender . No connection to each other . But there 's a pattern . Point of entry ... the lack of one . What do you mean ? College girl killed in her cinder block dorm room found with the windows locked and the door chained from the inside . The last incident , two days ago . High-security office building . Nothing on the monitors . Janitor spoke to the victim minutes before the murder . Didn 't hear or see a thing . Suicides ? Each victim was found with their liver ripped out . No cutting tool was used . Bare hands ? This looks like an X File . Let 's not get carried away . I 'm going to solve these murders , but ... I would like you to go over the case histories . Maybe come down to the crime scene . Do you want me to ask Mulder ? Okay , if he wants to come and do you a favor , great but make sure he knows this is my case . Dana , if I can break a case like this one I 'll be getting my bump up the ladder and you ? Maybe you won 't have to be Mrs. Spooky anymore . Mulder : Why didn 't they ask me ? Scully : They 're friends of mine . They just felt more comfortable talking to me . Why would I make them uncomfortable ? It probably has to do with your reputation . Reputation ? I have a reputation ? Colton plays by the book , and you don 't . They feel your methods , your theories , are ... Spooky ? Do you think I 'm spooky ? Man : Agent Scully 's in here , sir . Sorry I 'm late . We just got here . Uh , Fox Mulder , Tom ... Colton . What do you think ? Does this look like the work of little green men ? Gray . Excuse me ? Gray . You said green men . A Reticulan skin tone is gray . They 're notorious for their extraction of terrestrial human livers due to iron depletion in the Reticulum galaxy . You can 't be serious . Do you have any idea what liver and onions go for there ? Excuse me . Dana , I 've been thinking about this and I have a theory . It might explain a lot . Tell me what you think . What if the guy enters Hold on a second . What in the hell 's he doing ? Uh , that vent is six inches by about 18 . Even if a Reticulan could crawl through it 's screwed in place . Mulder : This is the print from Usher 's office . These others are from an X File . Ten murders , Baltimore area . Undetermined points of entry . Each victim had their liver removed . These prints were discovered at five of the ten crime scenes . Ten murders . Colton never mentioned ... Most likely he 's unaware of them . These two prints were lifted five years before he was born at Powhatan Mill . These three were lifted probably five years before his mother was even born . Are you saying these prints are from the 1960s and 1930s ? And fingerprinting was just coming into its own in 1903 but there was a murder involving an extracted liver . Of course . Now , that 's five murders every 30 years so two more to go this year . You 're saying these are copycats ? What did we learn our first day at the academy ? Each fingerprint is unique . These are a perfect match . Are you suggesting that I go before the violent crimes section and present a profile declaring these murders are done by aliens ? I find no evidence of alien involvement . Well , what then ? This is the work of a 100-year-old killer capable of overpowering a six-foot-two businessman ? And he should stick out in a crowd with ten inch fingers . Look , bottom line this is Colton 's case . Our X File dates back to 1903 . We had it first . Mulder , they don 't want you involved . They don 't want to hear your theories . That 's why Blevins has you hidden away down here . You 're down here too . Look , why don 't we agree to this ? They 'll have their investigation and we 'll have ours , and never the twain shall meet . Agreed ? Scully : After a careful review of the violence and powerful nature of these murders I believe the killer to be a male 25 to 35 years of age with above average intelligence . His manner of entry has so far been undetectable . This may be due to his superior knowledge of the inner structure of buildings and duct works or that he , in fact , hides in plain sight posing as delivery or maintenance workers . The extraction of the liver is the most significant detail of these crimes . The liver possesses regenerative qualities . It cleanses the blood . The taking of this trophy is the transferring act for the killer to cleanse himself of his own impurities . I think he is acting under the classic form of obsessive / compulsive behavior . Now , since the victims are unrelated and we cannot predict who will be next we must utilize the fact that a killer will not always succeed in finding a victim . When this occurs , a serial killer may return in frustration to the site of a previous murder hoping to recapture the emotional high . I think our best course of action is to target these sites . Good job , Agent Scully . If there are no objections I 'd like to begin our stakeouts of the murder sites tonight . We 're looking for a male , 25 to 35 possibly wearing a uniform ... gas company , U.P.S. , whatever . I know you 're assigned to another area , Scully but you 're welcome to come aboard with us on this . That is , if you don 't mind working in an area that 's a bit more down to earth . Man : Position Ten , station check . Position Ten , I copy . Whoa ! You wouldn 't shoot an unarmed man would you , copper ? What are you doing here ? He 's not coming back . His thrill is derived from the challenge of a seemingly impossible entry . He 's already beaten this place . If you 'd read the X File on the case ... Mulder , you are jeopardizing my stakeout . Seeds ? You 're wasting your time . I 'm going home . Scully ! Call for backup , and get over here ! Position Ten requesting backup . In there . Federal agent ! I 'm armed . Proceed down the vent . Slowly ! She 's not by her car ! Take him ! F.B. I ! Don 't move ! Get your hands up ! Keep them up ! You 're under arrest . You have the right to remain silent ... You were right . Is your full name Eugene Victor Tooms ? Yes . Are you a resident of the state of Maryland ? Yes . Are you an employee of the Baltimore Municipal Animal Control ? Yes . Is it your intent to lie to me about anything here today ? No . Were you ever enrolled in college ? Yes . Were you ever enrolled in medical school ? No . Have you ever removed a liver from a human being ? No . Have you ever killed a living creature ? Yes . Have you ever killed a human being ? No . Were you ever in George Usher 's office ? No . Did you kill George Usher ? No . Are you over 100 years old ? That must be a control question . I had her ask it . No . Have you ever been to Powhatan Mill ? Yes . In 1933 ? No . Are you afraid you might fail this test ? Well ... yes ... because I didn 't do anything . He nailed it . A + . As far as I 'm concerned the subject did not kill those two people . Maintenance people at the office building confirmed a call to animal control regarding a bad smell . They found a dead cat in the ventilation ducts on the second floor . That still doesn 't explain why he was there late . He 's a civil servant with initiative and we busted him for it . He was crawling up an air duct by himself without alerting security . He passed the test . His story checks out . He 's not the guy . It doesn 't mean your profile 's incorrect . Scully 's right . It 's the guy . What do you got , Mulder ? He lied on questions 11 and 13 . His electrodermal and cardiographic response nearly go off the chart . Is number 11 the hundred-year-old question ? Let me tell you I had a reaction to that stupid question . And what the hell is Powhatan Mill ? Two murders with matching M.O. S occurred in Powhatan Mill in 1933 . Look at the chart . My interpretation ... I don 't need you or that machine telling me if Tooms was alive in ' 33 . He 's the guy . I 'm letting him go . You coming ? Tom , I want to thank you for letting me put in time with the V.C.S. But I am officially assigned to the X Files . I 'll see what I can do . Tom , I can look out for myself . You said Mulder was out there . That guy 's insane . You knew they wouldn 't believe you . Why did you push it ? Maybe I thought you caught the right guy . And maybe I run into so many people who are hostile just because they can 't open their minds to the possibilities that sometimes the need to mess with their heads outweighs the millstone of humiliation . It seems like you were acting very territorial . I don 't know . Forget it . Of course I was . In our investigations you may not always agree with me but at least you respect the journey . And if you want to continue working with them I won 't hold it against you . I don 't know . You must have something more than your polygraph interpretation to back up this bizarre theory and I have to see what it is . Mulder : These are Eugene Tooms 's prints . This is the fingerprint they took from Usher 's office . It matches the old ones from the X Files . Obviously , no match . What if ... somehow ... How could that be ? The only thing I know for certain is ... they let him go . 64 inches from the south wall . Let 's run a check on liver transplants in the next 24 hours . Maybe this thing is black market . Come on . It was ripped out of there . Look , at this point I 'm willing to give any theory a shot ... any sane theory . I 'm sorry , Dana but I only want qualified members of the investigating team at the crime scene . What 's the matter , Colton ? You worried I 'll solve your case ? Tom , we have authorized access to this crime scene . A report of you obstructing another officer 's investigation might stick out on your personnel file . Look , Dana whose side are you on ? The victim 's . 105 inches from the fireplace . The victim is a Thomas Werner . Single , white ... That 's Tooms . He took something . Baltimore P.D. Checked out Tooms 's apartment . It was a cover . No one has ever lived there and he hasn 't shown up for work since he was arrested . I found him . How do we learn about the present ? We look to the past . I think this is where it all began in 1903 on Exeter Street . Look at the address of that first murder in 1903 . Apartment 203 . He killed the guy above him . Maybe his neighbor played the Victrola too loud . This must be Tooms 's great-grandfather . What about the prints ? Genetics might explain the patterns and the sociopathic attitudes and behaviors . It begins with one family member who raises an offspring who raises the next child ... So what is this , the anti-Waltons ? Well , what do you think ? I think we have to track Eugene Tooms . There 's four down and one to go this year . If we don 't get him now , the next chance is ... 2023 . You 'll head the Bureau by then . You go through the census . I 'll plough through this century 's marriage , birth , death certificates ... Do you have any Dramamine ? These things make me seasick . Anything ? Nope . He disappeared off the face of the earth . You ? Never was born , never married never died . At least in Baltimore County . Well , I did find one thing , though . Um , it 's the current address of the investigating officer of the Powhatan Mill murders in 1933 . I 've been waiting 25 years for you . Sir ? I called it quits in 1968 after 45 years as a cop ... and those killings at Powhatan Mill . I was a sheriff then and I 'd seen my share of murders ... bloody ones ... but I could go home and ... pitch a few baseballs to my kid and never give it a second thought . You got to be able to do that . You ... you 'd go crazy , right ? But those murders in Powhatan Mill ... When I walked into that room , my heart went cold . My hands ... numbed . I could feel ... it . Feel what , Frank ? When I first heard about the death camps in 1945 I remembered Powhatan Mill . When I see the Kurds and the Bosnians ... that room is there ... I tell you . It 's like all of the horrible acts that humans are capable of somehow gave birth to some kind of human ... monster . That 's why I say I 've been waiting for you . Uh ... there 's a box in the trunk here . Get it for me , would you please ? Now , this is all the evidence I 've collected officially and unofficially . Unofficially ? I knew that the murders in ' 63 were by the same ... person as in ' 33 . But by then , they had me on a desk pushing papers and they wouldn 't let me anywhere near the case . A piece of the removed liver ? But , you know , that 's not the only trophy he took with him . Family members reported small personal effects missing in each case ... a hairbrush in the Walters murder a coffee mug in the Taylor murder . Have you ever heard the name Eugene Victor Tooms ? When they wouldn 't bring me aboard in ' 63 I did some of my own work . I took these surveillance pictures . Now , this ... is Tooms . Of course , that was him 30 years ago . And this is the apartment where he lived . It was located at 66 Exeter Street ? Right . That 's it . Right there . Here 's 103 . The old man was right . You can feel it . There 's nothing here . Check this out . What 's down here ? I don 't know . Let 's find out . Just an old coal cellar . Mulder : Somebody having a garage sale ? This is the shape on Werner 's mantle . Frank said he collected trophies . Mulder : Does he live in here ? Scully : It looks like the wall 's deteriorating . No . Somebody made it . This is a nest . Look . It 's made out of rags and newspapers . This looks like the opening . Think there 's anything inside ? Oh , my God , Mulder ... it smells like ... I think it 's bile . Is there any way I can get it off my fingers quickly without betraying my cool exterior ? No one could live in this . I don 't think it 's where he lives . I think it 's where he hibernates . Hibernates ? Just listen . What if some genetic mutation could allow a man to awaken every 30 years ? Mulder ... And what if the five livers could provide him sustenance for that period ? What if Tooms is some kind of 20th-century ... genetic mutant ? In any case , he 's not here now and he 's got to come back . We 'll need a surveillance team . Yeah . It will take some finagling . Go downtown and see what you can finagle . And I 'll keep watch . Oh , wait . I 'm snagged on something . It 's okay . I got it . It 's about time . So , who we looking for again ? Eugene Tooms . He 's unarmed , but consider him dangerous . Scully and I will relieve you in eight hours if he doesn 't show ... right here . You got it ... Spooky . We have to talk . I have to meet Mulder . That 's what we have to talk about . You 're using two of my men to sit in front of a building that 's been condemned for ten years ? It isn 't interfering with your investigation . When we first had lunch I looked forward to working with you but now I couldn 't have you far enough away . Don 't go down there . I had the stakeout called off . You can 't do that . I can 't , but my regional ASAC can especially after I told them about the irresponsible waste in man-hours . Huh-uh . Let me call Mulder . Is this what it takes to climb the ladder , Colton ? All the way to the top . Then I can 't wait till you fall off and land on your ass . This is Fox Mulder . I 'm not here . Leave a message . Where is everyone ? Scully ? This is Fox Mulder . I 'm not here . Leave a message . Mulder , you must have gone out since Colton gave us the night off . I say we file a complaint against him . I am furious . Call me when you get in . Okay . Bye . Oh , my ... Damn it , answer ! Scully ! You all right ? He 's not going to get his quota this year . Look at him . He 's building another nest . You 'll be interested to know that I 've ordered some genetic tests . The preliminary medical exam revealed quite abnormal development in the muscular and skeletal systems as well as a continually declining metabolic rate . It dips way below the levels registered in deep sleep . Did you hear what I said , Mulder ? All these people putting bars on their windows ... spending good money on high-tech security systems trying to feel safe ? I look at this guy , and I think It ain 't enough .
