 They put the time of death between eight and twelve hours ago . No visible cause , no sign of battery or sexual assault . All we have is this . Can we turn her over ? Karen Swenson . - Is that a positive ID ? - She went to school with my son . Would that be the class of ' 89 ? It 's happening again , isn 't it ? Agent Dana Scully . Come in . Agent Scully , thank you for coming on such short notice . Please . - You 've been with us just over two years . - Yes , sir . You went to medical school but you chose not to practise . How 'd you come to work for the FBI ? Well , sir , I was recruited out of medical school . My parents still think it was an act of rebellion . But I saw the FBI as a place where I could distinguish myself . Are you familiar with an agent named Fox Mulder ? Yes , I am . - How so ? - By reputation . He 's an Oxford-educated psychologist who wrote a monograph on serial killers and the occult that helped to catch Monty Props in 1988 . Generally thought of as the best analyst in the violent crime section . He had a nickname at the Academy . Spooky Mulder . Agent Mulder has developed a consuming devotion to an unassigned project outside the Bureau mainstream . Are you familiar with the so-called X-Files ? I believe they have to do with unexplained phenomena . More or less . The reason you 're here is we want you to assist Mulder on these X-Files . You 'll write field reports on your activities and your observations on the validity of the work . Am I to understand that you want me to debunk the X-Files project , sir ? We trust you 'll make the proper scientific analysis . You 'll want to contact Agent Mulder . We look forward to your reports . Sorry , nobody down here but the FBI 's Most Unwanted . Agent Mulder . I 'm Dana Scully . I 've been assigned to work with you . Oh , isn 't it nice to be suddenly so highly regarded ! Who did you tick off to get stuck with this ? Actually , I 'm looking forward to working with you . I 've heard a lot about you . You 're a medical doctor . You teach at the Academy . You did your undergraduate degree in physics . " Einstein 's Twin Paradox : A New Interpretation . Dana Scully . " That 's a credential , rewriting Einstein . - Did you bother to read it ? - I did . I liked it . It 's just that in most of my work , the laws of physics rarely seem to apply . Maybe I can get your medical opinion on this though . Oregon female , age 21 , no explainable cause of death . Autopsy shows nothing . Zip . There are , however , these two distinct marks on her lower back . Dr Scully , can you ID these marks ? Needle punctures , maybe . An animal bite . Electrocution of some kind . How 's your chemistry ? This substance was found in the surrounding tissue . It 's organic . I don 't know . Is it some kind of synthetic protein ? I 've never seen it before either . But here it is again in Sturgis , South Dakota . And again in Shamrock , Texas . - Do you have a theory ? - I have plenty of theories . Maybe what you could explain to me is why it 's Bureau policy to label these cases as unexplained phenomena and ignore them . Do you believe in the existence of extraterrestrials ? Logically , I would have to say no . Given the distances needed to travel from deep space , the energy requirements would exceed ... Conventional wisdom . This Oregon female is the 4th person in her graduating class to die under mysterious circumstances . Now when convention and science offer us no answers , might we not finally turn to the fantastic as a plausibility ? The girl obviously died of something . If it was natural causes , maybe something was missed in the postmortem . If she was murdered , it 's plausible there was a sloppy investigation . What I find fantastic is any notion that there are answers beyond the realm of science . The answers are there . You just have to know where to look . That 's why they put the " l " in FBI . See you tomorrow morning , Scully . Bright and early . We leave for the very plausible state of Oregon at 8am . Would all passengers fasten their seat belts as we 're about to make ... This must be the place . You didn 't mention yesterday this case has already been investigated . The FBI got involved after the first three deaths when local authorities failed to turn up any evidence . Our boys came out here , enjoyed the local salmon , which , with a little lemon twist , is just to die for . Without explanation they were called back in , the case was reclassified and buried in the X-Files until I dug it up . And you found something they didn 't ? The autopsy reports of the first three victims show no unidentified marks . But those reports were signed by a different medical examiner than the latest victim . That 's good , Scully . Better than you expected or better than you hoped ? I 'll let you know when we get past the easy part . Is the medical examiner a suspect ? We don 't know yet . I 've arranged to exhume one of the other victims ' bodies to see if we can get a tissue sample to match the girl 's . - You 're not squeamish , are you ? - I don 't know . I 've never had the pleasure . What 's going on ? - What the hell was that about ? - Oh , you know . Probably nothing . Mr Mulder , John Truitt , County Coroner 's Office . Yeah , hi . This is Agent Scully . How soon can we get started ? - We 're ready to go . - Oh , great ! Were you able to arrange for an examination facility ? - We got something for ya . - Excuse me ! Excuse me . No . Please ! Please stay in the car ! I just don 't know who you people think you are . You think you can come up here and do whatever you please ! I 'm sorry . You are ... ? I 'm Dr Jay Nemman , County Medical Examiner . Surely you were told of our intentions ? No . No , we 've been away . Oh ! Well , that answers a question that we had . Why you hadn 't done the recent autopsy on Karen Swenson . You 're aware of the tissue sample taken from her ? What is the insinuation here ? That I missed something in those other kids ? - We 're not insinuating anything , sir . - Wait a minute ! See , I think you are ! And you 'd better have something to back it up . Daddy , please ! Let 's just go home . Let 's go home ! Please ! The guy obviously needed a longer vacation . Ray Soames was the third victim . He spent time in a state mental hospital , treated for post-adolescent schizophrenia . Soames confessed to the first two murders but couldn 't produce any evidence that he committed the crimes . Did you read the cause of death ? Exposure . His body was found in the woods after escaping the hospital . Missing for only seven hours in July . How does a 20-year-old boy die of exposure on a warm , summer night in Oregon , Dr Scully ? I got it . - This isn 't official procedure . - Really ? It 's probably a safe bet Ray Soames never made the varsity basketball team . Seal this up now ! Nobody sees or touches this . Nobody ! This is amazing ! Do you know what this could mean ? It 's almost too big to comprehend . The subject is 156cms in length , weighing 52lbs in extremis . Corpse is in advanced stages of decay and desiccation . Distinguishing features include large ocular cavities . Oblate cranium indicates subject is not human . Could you point that flash away from me , please ? If it 's not human , what is it ? It 's familian . A chimpanzee or something from the ape family . Possibly an orang-utan . Buried in the city cemetery in Ray Soames 's grave . Try telling that to Ray Soames 's family ! I want tissue samples , X-rays , blood typing , toxicology and a full genetic work-up . - You 're serious ? - What we can 't do here , we 'll order to go . You don 't honestly believe this is some kind of an extraterrestrial ? - This is somebody 's sickjoke . - We can do those X-rays here ? Can 't we do them right now ? I 'm not crazy , Scully . I have the same doubts you do . Visual inspection of the body and X-ray analysis confirms homologous but possibly mutated mammalian physiology . However , does not account for small unidentified object found in subject 's nasal cavity . A grey metallic implant ... Who is it ? Steven Spielberg ! I 'm going for a run . You wanna come ? Pass . You figure out what was up Ray Soames 's nose yet ? No . And I 'm not losing sleep over it . Good night . Ray Soames was a patient of mine , yes . I oversaw his treatment for a year for clinical schizophrenia . He couldn 't grasp reality . He suffered from some kind of post-traumatic stress . - Have you seen it before ? - I 've treated similar cases . Were any of those Ray Soames 's classmates ? Yes . We 're trying to find a connection in these deaths . Did you treat any of these kids with hypnosis ? No , I did not . - Are you treating any of these kids now ? - Currently ? Yes , I 'm treating Billy Miles and Peggy O 'Dell . Both long-term live-in patients . - They 're here at this hospital ? - That 's right . Going on four years now . Can we talk to them ? Well , you might find it difficult , certainly in Billy Miles ' case . Billy 's experiencing a waking coma . His brain waves are flat and he 's persistent vegetative . How did it happen ? He and Peggy were involved in an automobile accident on State Road . Peggy ? We have some visitors . Would you like to talk with them ? Billy wants me to read now . - Does he like it when you read to him ? - Yes . Billy needs me close . Doctor ? I 'm wondering if we can do a cursory medical exam on Peggy . Peggy , what are you doing ? No one is going to hurt you ! Get an orderly ! Nobody 's going to hurt you . The nurse is here . It 's all right . It 's all right . Peggy , you 're going to be fine . You 've had these nosebleeds before . Now calm down . Whatshisname ... Billy said he was sorry he didn 't get to say goodbye . How did you know she 'd have the marks ? I don 't know . Lucky guess ? Dammit , Mulder , cut the crap . What do you know about those marks ? What are they ? Why ? So you can put it in your report ? You 're not ready for what I think . I 'm here to solve this case . I want the truth . The truth ? I think those kids have been abducted . By who ? By what ? - You don 't really believe that ? - Do you have a better explanation ? I 'll buy that girl is suffering some kind of pronounced psychosis . Whether it 's organic or the result of those marks , I can 't say . But to say that they 've been riding around in flying saucers is crazy ! - There is nothing to support that . - Nothing scientific . There has got to be an explanation . You 've got four victims . All of them died in or near the woods . They found Karen Swenson 's body in the forest in her pyjamas ten miles from her house . How did she get there ? What were those kids doing out there in the forest ? Mulder ? Mulder , is that you ? Mulder ? Special Agent Dana Scully , FBI . Drop your weapon . I 'm with the County Sheriff 's Department . - You 're trespassing on private property here . - We are conducting an investigation . Get in your car and leave ! Or I 'll have to arrest you . I don 't care who you are . Hold on ! This is a crime scene . Did you hear what I said ? You are on private property without legal permission . Now I 'm only gonna say it one more time - get in your car and leave ! What 's he doing out here all by himself ? Maybe it has something to do with this . What do you think it is ? I don 't know . - Is it a campfire ? - It was all over the ground . I think something 's going on out here . Some kind of a sacrifice , maybe . What if these kids are involved in some kind of a cult and that man knows something about it ? I wanna come back here . You OK , Mulder ? - Yeah , I 'm just ... - What are you looking for ? - What happened ? - We lost power . Brakes , steering , everything . We lost nine minutes ! We lost what ? Nine minutes ! I looked at my watch just before the flash , it was 9 : 03 - Itjust turned 9 : 13 . Look ! Look ! Oh , yes ! Abductees ! People that have sighted UFOs reported unexplained time loss . - Come on ! - Gone ! Just like that ! No , wait a minute . You 're saying that time disappeared ? Time can 'tjust disappear ! It 's a universal invariance ! Not in this zip code . Great ! Hi ! - I want you to look at something . - Come on in . What are they ? Mulder , what are they ? Mosquito bites . - Are you sure ? - Yeah . I got eaten up alive myself out there . You OK ? Yes . - You 're shaking . - I need to sit down . Take your time . I was 12 when it happened . My sister was eight . She just disappeared out of her bed one night . Just gone . Vanished . No note . No phone calls . No evidence of anything . You never found her ? It tore the family apart . No one would talk about it . There were no facts to confront . Nothing to offer any hope . What did you do ? I went off to school in England . I came back , got recruited by the Bureau . It seems I had a natural aptitude for applying behavioural models to criminal cases . My success allowed me a certain freedom to pursue my own interests . And that 's when I came across the X-Files . By accident ? At first it looked like a garbage dump for UFO sightings , alien abduction reports , the kind of stuff most people laugh at . But I was fascinated . I read all the cases I could get my hands on . I read everything about paranormal phenomena , about the occult and ... What ? There 's classified government information I 've been trying to access but someone has been blocking me . - Who ? I don 't understand . - Someone at a higher level of power . I 'm allowed to continue my work because I 've made connections in Congress . And they 're afraid you 'll leak this information ? You 're part of that agenda . You know that . I 'm not a part of any agenda . You 've got to trust me . I 'm here just like you , to solve this . I 'm telling you this , Scully , because you need to know . Because of what you 've seen . In my research I 've worked very closely with a man named Dr Heitz Werber . He 's taken me through deep-regression hypnosis . I 've been able to go into my own repressed memories to the night my sister disappeared . I can recall a bright light outside and a presence in the room . I was paralysed , unable to respond to my sister 's calls for help . Listen to me , Scully ! This thing exists . - But how do you know ... - The government knows about it . And I gotta know what they 're protecting . Nothing else matters to me . And this is as close as I 've ever gotten to it . Hello ? What ? ! Who is this ? Who is th ... That was some woman who just said Peggy O 'Dell was dead . The girl in the wheelchair ? - What happened ? - She ran out in front of me . - Who are you ? - She was running ? On foot ? - That 's just ... Let 's go ! - We need to ask a few questions . Someone trashed the lab and they stole the body . - We 're going back to the motel . - What ? They stole the corpse ? FBI . There goes my computer ! Dammit ! The X-rays and pictures ! My name is Teresa Nemman . You 've got to protect me ! Come with us . This is the way it happens . I don 't know how I get out there . I 'll just find myself out in the woods . - How long has it been happening ? - Ever since the summer we graduated . It 's happened to my friends , too . That 's why I need you to protect me . I 'm scared I might ... die , like the others . Like ... Peggy did tonight . Your father 's the medical examiner . You were the one on the phone . You told me Peggy O 'Dell had been killed . Teresa , your father knows about this , doesn 't he ? About what happens ? Yes . But he said never to tell anyone about any of it . - Why ? - He wants to protect me . He thinks he can protect me . But I don 't think he can . Do you have the marks , Teresa ? Yes . I 'm going to die , aren 't I ? I 'm gonna be next ! No , you 're not going to die . Oh , God ! Let 's go home , Teresa . Teresa , come on . Come on , honey . - I don 't think she wants to leave . - I don 't care what you think ! She 's sick . Your father wants to take you home . He 'll clean you up . I 'll take you where you 'll be safe . Detective Miles and I won 't let anything happen to you . You 're Billy Miles 's father ? That 's right . And you stay away from that boy . Ah , you gotta love this place . Every day is like Halloween . They know , Mulder . They know who 's responsible for the murders . They know something . Dr Nemman 's been hiding medical evidence from the beginning . He lied on the autopsy . And now we find out about the detective . Who else would have reason to trash the lab and our rooms ? Why would they destroy evidence ? What would they want with that corpse ? I don 't know . Makes you wonder what 's in those other two graves . - They 're both empty . - What is going on here ? I think I know who did it . I think I know who killed Karen Swenson . Who ? The detective ? The detective 's son . Billy Miles . The boy in the hospital ? The vegetable ? Billy Miles ? A boy who 's been in a coma for four years came here and dug up these graves ? Peggy O 'Dell was in a wheelchair but she ran in front of a truck . Look , it all fits a profile of alien abduction . This fits a profile ? Peggy O 'Dell was killed around nine . The same time we lost nine minutes . Something happened then . I think that time , as we know it , stopped . And something took control over it . You think I 'm crazy . What ? Peggy O 'Dell 's watch stopped a couple of minutes after nine . I made a note of it when I saw the body . That 's why the kids come to the forest . It controls them . It summons them . And the marks are from some kind of tests being done on them . And that maybe causes some kind of genetic mutation , which explains the body we dug up . And the force summoned Teresa Nemman 's body into the woods tonight . Yes ! But Billy Miles took her there . Summoned by some alien impulse . That 's it ! Come on , let 's get out of here . - Where are we going ? - We 're gonna visit Billy Miles . We could be here until the Second Coming waiting for Billy to get out of this bed . It ain 't gonna happen . He blinks and I know about it . - I guess you changed his bedpan last night . - Nobody else here 's gonna do it . You noticed nothing unusual ? Do you remember what you were doing last night around nine o 'clock ? Probably ... watching TV . Yeah . Do you remember what you were watching ? Let 's see . I don 't really remember what I watched . Miss ? What is she looking for ? Mulder , take a look at this . - Who took care of Peggy last night ? - Not me . It 's not my ward . Not my aisle of the produce section . I do have ajob of my own to do . What is she doing now ? Thank you for your time . - OK . - Good day . That kid may have killed Peggy O 'Dell ! - Scully ... - It 's crazy ! - He was in the woods ! - You 're sure ? This is the same stuff I took a handful of in the forest . - We should run a test on it . - We lost the original sample in the fire . I want you to understand what it is you 're saying . - You said it yourself . - You have to write it in your report . You 're right . We 'll take another sample from the forest and run a comparison before we do anything . The detective 's here . What do you think ? You wouldn 't listen to me . I told you to stay out of this . Hold it ! Hold it right there ! You got no business out here . - There were screams . - Down on the ground . Now ! You know it 's Billy . You 've known it all along . - I said down on the ground . - How long are you gonna let it happen ? He 's gonna kill her ! Billy , no ! Let her go ! Leave her alone ! Dad ? Billy ... Oh , God ! Scully ! - Scully ! - Mulder , what happened ? There was a light ... It was incredible . If you can hear me , raise your right hand . Tell me about the light , Billy . When did you first see the light ? In the forest . We were all in the forest having a party . All my friends . We were celebrating . - What were you celebrating ? - Graduation . And then the light came . It took me away ... to the testing place . They would tell me to gather the others so that they could do tests . They put something in my head . Here . I would wait for their orders . Billy , who gave the orders ? The light . They said it would be OK . No one would know . But the tests didn 't work . They wanted everything destroyed . They said they were leaving . I 'm afraid . I 'm afraid they 're coming back . Don 't be afraid , Billy . We 're here to help you . What we 've just witnessed , what we 've read in your field reports , the scientific basis and credibility just seem wholly unsupportable . - You 're aware of that ? - Yes , sir . My reports are personal and subjective . I haven 't drawn any conclusion about what I 've seen . Or haven 't seen , as seems to be the case . This ... time loss . You did or did not experience it ? I can 't substantiate it . No . What exactly can you substantiate , Agent Scully ? I see no evidence thatjustifies the legitimacy of these investigations . There were , of course , crimes committed . Yes , but how do you prosecute a case like this ? With testimony given under hypnosis from a boy who claims he was given orders from an alien force through an implant in his nose . You have no physical evidence . This is the object described by Billy Miles as a communication device . I removed it from the exhumed body . I kept it in my pocket . It was the only piece of evidence not destroyed in the fire . I ran a lab test on it . The material could not be identified . Agent Mulder . What are his thoughts ? Agent Mulder believes we are not alone . Thank you , Agent Scully . That 'll be all . Hello ? Scully , it 's me . I haven 't been able to sleep . I talked to the DA 's office in Raymon County , Oregon . There 's no case file on Billy Miles . The paperwork we filed is gone . We need to talk , Scully . Yes ... tomorrow . Visiontext Subtitles by Susan Voas ENGLISH
