 You saw that ? Tell me you saw that . Oh , yeah . Hold it right there ! Don 't take another step ! Put down your weapons . We come in peace . We are here on a matter of great urgency . Freeze ! I said not another step ! You don 't know who are you dealing with . We 've come for our son . We want Kal-El . You cannot stop us . You cannot harm us . We wish you no harm . It 's not our way . Who are you ? We come from the Planet Krypton . We are here to claim our son . You earth people have come to know him by another name . Superboy . Right , Mom . What kind of surprise have you got for Clark ? Aha , oh , it 's chocolate . He doesn 't like chocolate cake . Oh , no ? Oh , no . Happy Birthday , darling ! Yeah , make a wish now . Okay , I got it . Do you remember your first birthday cake ? You had one candle . You were no bigger than knee high to a grasshopper , but that didn 't stop you blowing it from across the room . Ha ha ! Remember ? I remember I didn 't do too well . Oh yes , you did . You blew it out alright . Along with the whole fudge cake . It ended up on my chiffon drapes . And then you tried to clean them up . With your heat vision . Yeah . Well , I was just a lousy aim . Well , fortunately your father was able to put out the fire before it spread . [ phone rings ] I want a big piece . Hello . Oh , hi honey ! It 's Lana . She 's calling from Shuster . Oh . Yeah , she wants you to turn on the news , Clark and then contact Superboy . Going by the names Jor-El and Lara , the two aliens landed sometime last night in Smallville , Kansas . According to eye witness reports from Smallville Police Officers the aliens landed in what appeared to be glass capsules . The alien man and woman claiming to be Superboy 's parents , interupted the town council in session . - This must be some kind of joke . - Jonathan . They said they had searched the galaxy for their son for many years . They said they had against the human race but he was born to a higher destiny . The alien couple at last report was seen flying towards Penhall Park . We will bring you further details as they develop . Whoever they are , I can 't let them do anymore damage . I 've got to get to the bottom of this . Be careful , Clark . I always am , Mom . Oh , Jonathan . Is it here . Is this the day we always dreaded would come ? Today is Thursday , Martha . So far that 's all we know . You have stolen our son from us , yet you have the audacity to worship our family crest . Our patience is running thin , and you have not yet produced the boy . You don 't understand . We can 't just dial him on the phone and call Superboy . We don 't know where he lives exactly . He just shows up when we need him . I am Superboy . Kal-El . What did you call me ? The name you were given when you were born . I never thought I 'd see you again . You look well , my son . Son ? Look at us , Kal-El . Look at us very closely . There 's something about your faces . You were taken from us when you were a baby . I 'm your father Jor-El and this is your mother Lara . We 've travelled through the depths of time and space to find you . Somehow you do look familiar . An infant never forgets . An instinct from the deepest recesses of his mind tells him , that we are from the same blood , my son . It is only natural that you and your wife are experiencing feelings of jealousy and sadness at this time . I know you 've loved and nurtured him for many years and for that we 'll be eternally grateful . Kal-El has been very fortunate . His name is Clark . We named him Clark . I was hoping the four of you would meet and become friends . Ma , Pa , I didn 't mean to hurt you . I love you both . Please try to understand that I have to spend some time with them . We will , Clark . We 'll try to understand . We 'll wait for you , son . Well , you 've got to do what you 've got to do . Martha , have we lost our son ? Last report is they 've got five or six hostages . We can 't confirm yet if the nuclear device is active or just a bluff . I repeat . We will use our atomic device to blow up half this city if our demands are not me . We want the Governor brought to this location . We will only talk to the Governor . Special Agent Jones , FBI . What 's happening here ? We 're not making any headway with these nuts . We 've got to take their nuclear threat for real though . At least till our special military unit arrives on the scene . We 've got an ETA of about one half hour . That could be too late . What 's the problem , Officers ? Terrorist 's , Superboy . They 're threatening to blow up the whole city . Can we be of help ? We ? These are my parents . We 're going to help our son deal with this crisis . We 've heard the police calls . Is anyone hurt . They 're threatening to detonate an atomic device . Keep the police back , we can handle this . Superboy . The FBI is not familiar with these two . Is it safe ? They 're family . I 'll kill him , I 'll kill him ! The bomb is set to explode in thirty seconds and not even your heat vision can melt titanium . Yeah , but maybe a triple dose will . It should be safe now . Get out of here . The core 's been breeched . It will leak radiation . I 'll dispose of this and meet you two outside . We are live at Town Hall having just witnessed the incredible feat by three superpowered people . Superboy , can we just ask you a couple of questions about the people that are with you . Yes , I 'd like to intoduce two people who are very special ot me , my parents . Well , you frightened a lot of people . I 'd like to apologise to the people of planet Earth for my behaviour , and express our sincere thanks for giving our son a place to grow up on , and we wish a welcome to the people of earth and I can 't think of a more fitting moment to share this wonderful news with you . We 're going to take our son home with us , back to the planet of his birth . A planet call Krypton . When will you be leaving , Superboy ? Soon . I have a very few special people that I need to say goodbye to first . When he comes to say goodbye that will be the last time we will see him . You 're right , Martha , this is the day . We 've always dreaded . I carved this out of the granite deposit myself . This is where I come when I want to get away from everything . When I fused the walls with my heat vision it turned out like this . This is my hideaway and not even the Kents know that . This is where I come when I want to be alone with my thoughts . Lara , where does this remind you of ? Krypton . Do you think this is why I built this place ? And why I feel so at home here ? That 's possible , son . When are we leaving ? Today . Today ? Then I will have to say my goodbyes to the Kents straight away . Well , that won 't be necessary because we 've already contacted them . They 're going to meet us at our ship . They insisted on seeing you off in person . That sounds just like Ma and Pa Kent . There are still so many things I have to ask you two . About why we were separated . And where you were all those years we were apart . We want you to know everything , Kal-El , but now is not the time . There will be lots of time for questions on the way home . Home . I like the sound of that . Jonathan , stop fretting ! You heard what Clark said on TV . He wouldn 't leave without saying goodbye to us . He 'll be by . Sure , but he 's taking his own sweat time of it , isn 't he . Hi , Mom . I would have come by sooner but so much is going on . I can 't stay too long . It 's your new parents , I imagine they 're taking much of your time . We saw them on the news . They say you 're taking off from Ebers Field today . I know , that 's why I came over as quick as I could . I figured it would be easier on us if we said our goodbyes here . I don 't suppose there 's any chance of talking you out of this is there ? I must go to Krypton , Pa . Jor-El and Lara are correct . I owe to myself to know who I am and see where I am from . Well , you 're our boy and never forget that . I won 't forget , Pa . You will come back ? Krypton is where I was born , the Earth is my home . I 'll be back . It seems so odd . What ? He 's distant . It 's hard for him too . Andy , have you seen Clark ? I got a message to meet him here . What am I like Western Union ? No , I haven 't seen Clark . That 's funny , he said it was urgent . You 're Superboy 's Mom . I saw you on TV . How very observant . What did you do to him ? That . Jonathan , what 's this going to accomplish ? You 're just being hard on yourself and every one else . Martha , I 'm trying to tell you that Clark wasn 't himself . Now my gut tells me there is something wrong about that take off . Something doesn 't seem right . You just don 't want him to go . Neither do I. But it 's out of our hands . Look , I have see him again and talk to him . It 's the only way I can set my mind at ease . Now , you lock up and I 'll warm up the truck . WGGNTV is live on location to bring you the history making flights when Superboy returns to the planet of his origin . Anticipation is high for the flight and concern for what we will do when Superboy leaves us . Of course , we 're going to miss you something fierce , Clark , but if seeing this Krypton of yours you feel is important then we want you to go . With our blessing . Just promise us that you will be back someday . You know , I 'll be back , Ma . I love you and Pa too much to stay away forever . Don 't forget that . We won 't forget . We love you too . Stop them ! Stop them please ! Stop them ! Stop them ! - No , stop ! - No , stop ! Oh , Jonathan , it 's too late . Martha , I 've got that awful feeling that we 'll never see our boy again . Captioned by Grant Brown
