 Don 't try messing with a bad girl . Let 's get together and you 'll be in my world . Don 't try messing with , don 't try messing with me . Don 't try messing with a bad girl . Let 's get together and you 'll be in my world . Don 't try messing with , don 't try messing with , don 't try messing with me . Thank you , thank you , bye . Hi , she 's expecting us so we 'll just ... You 're a little late . Those are last year 's passes ? What , what ? I paid top dollar for these ! You know , I don 't believe you , Andy McAlister . This makes you a big zero in my book . Okay , all right , I lost a couple of points but a zero , come on me , seriously . I think she was serious . Excuse me , I 'm Clark Kent with the Herald . You can go in but I 'm afraid your friends 'll have to wait at the main door . Well , I guess I 'll catch up with you guys later . Yeah , right , okay . Go ahead , schmooze with the superstar . We 'll just um , stay out here with the little people , okay ? Looks like you need somebody to rescue you . I like the stunt with the car . I hope somebody took a picture of it . Attempted murder is nothing to laugh at . Whoever rigged that car wants you dead . You have a very serious enemy . Honey , you don 't make it in this business without having a few enemies and paying a price . Like a moth to flame , some people get burned but not me , I 'm a survivor . I don 't know about you but I 'm starving . You do eat , don 't you ? Well , I 'm ... There 's a great restaurant in my hotel . Yeah , could you get me Andre ? This is Jessica James . Ah , perfect , thank you . Superboy . Oh , Andre , some of that champagne from last night , please . Immediately , Ms. James , immediately . Have you ever noticed how the little people like to accommodate the rich and famous ? Makes them feel important . I think everyone should be treated the same . You 're serious , aren 't you ? I think you 're kind of young to have such an attitude about people . You come across a little jaded to be 21 . Honesty is a snap for you , isn 't it ? It 's not so easy for the rest of us . They 're in there aren 't they ? Yeah , yeah . Just like you said . Look at her ; She came this close to death tonight . The terror should still be on her face ! It 's him , Venus . She feels safe because she 's with him . No one can save Jessica James , not even Superboy . Why is it I don 't believe your life is one big party ? Beautiful and smart , huh ? Well , you 're right . Everywhere I go everybody wants a piece of Jessica James . But you know what , nobody really knows the real me . I can 't let anybody get too close . It 's not easy being two different people . You and I have more in common than you think . Maybe so . Cheers to us . Superstars . You drink too much . Haven 't you heard ? It 's lonely at the top . Right . Aren 't you coming in ? Well , no , actually I can 't- - Don 't go . I still haven 't thanked you for saving my life . I 'll tell you what , I have a friend named Clark Kent down at the Herald . What do you say you give him an interview and we 'll call it even ? If that 's what you want . But promise me you 'll come to concert tomorrow night , okay ? I promise . But now I really do have to go . No , don 't go , why ? Don 't you find me attractive ? Of course I do . Well , come and lay down with me . You really have to sleep . Just stay until I fall asleep . Just stay until I fall asleep . If I 'm the one with all the powers , why don 't I know how to help you ? Jessie James is a superstar and underneath that cape Superboy is just a normal guy . Andy , I think I know Superboy a little bit better than you do . The girl 's not his type . I mean , somebody tried killing her last night and Superboy was there protecting her . Protecting her ? Right . Hi , guys . Hey , Clarkster . You hear about Supey 's new squeeze ? What ? Come on , man , read the paper . And guess who was seen carrying Jessica James to her hotel room last night . I have a feeling it 's not the way it looks . That 's what I was trying to tell him . Superboy has better things to do than get involved with someone like Jessica James , right ? Maybe but I say Superboy and Jessica James did the nasty . Hello ? This is Clark Kent . No problem . That would be just swell ! Swell ? Gotta go , guys . Guess who 's got an in-depth interview with Jessica James ? Nobody treats a love like that . You walk away but you 'll be ... - My name 's Clark Kent- - - Shh ! ... back cause you need my open heart , cause you need my open heart . That 's a take , Venus . Well , who are you ? I 'm Clark Kent . I 'm here to interview Jessica James . Jessica James , Jessica . I am Jessica James . Aren 't I beautiful ? Venus Smith , it 's really you . In the flesh , what there is of it . But you died in that plane crash with your whole group five years ago . You are old enough to remember ... That I was the queen of rock and roll . My fans worshipped me but that was before the crash . Better we decided for everyone if Venus was dead . But her voice ... Her music ... Have lived on . Ain 't gonna double your red light . Ain 't gonna run from the ... Jessica . She was just a second rate dancer in Las Vegas when Tucker found her . More than willing to pay any price to become a superstar . Even if it meant living a lie 24 hours a day . Jessica is what the public sees but it 's always Venus that they hear . We 've altered my voice slightly so I project a bit deeper , more from the diaphragm and I ... Well , you look perplexed , Mr. Kent . Why are you telling me all this ? We 're going public . Somebody has to write Venus ' story . You 're a reporter , aren 't you ? You and your friends come to the concert tonight . Why me ? There are lots of reporters around . You 'll tell Superboy . We checked you out , Kent . Word is you know how to reach him . You and Superboy are tight . Now , get out of here , Kent . Go tell Superboy the truth about the little tramp . I want him to know , know how common she really is . You are sure no one saw you working on the lasers ? I was very careful , Venus . Good . What is all that racket out there ? May I come in ? Yeah , Marsha , take five . Hey , flyboy . I never did get a chance to thank you for last night . You 've been drinking . Yeah , I 've been doing a lot of thinking . About what ? My whole life I 've been looking over fences trying to find greener grass . All I find is more and more fences . This is gonna sound silly . I know the time that we 've spent together wasn 't that much but it was enough . Jessica , you don 't realize what you 're saying ? I think I could fall in love with you and I want you to see a part of me that I didn 't even know existed anymore . I don 't want you to have to show me anything . I just want you to be happy and to live the life you want to live . I 'm gonna undo something that should have been undone a long time ago . Tonight the world is gonna hear Jessica James sing , the real Jessica James . What are you saying ? The truth . It 's a long story , Superboy and once you hear it I don 't think you 're gonna feel the same about me . You 're probably right . I have a hunch I 'm going to be very proud of you . Clark . This more than makes up for last night , Andrew . Well , babe , when you have the connections just about anything is possible . What 's this surprise that Jessica 's gonna spring on her fans , tonight ? Superboy made me promise not to tell anybody . Ladies and gentlemen , Ms. Jessica James . Why do they scream for her ? She 's nothing . She has stolen them from you . My friends there 's a very special person out there somewhere who has given me the courage to make an announcement tonight . It will be easier to explain after I do my next number . It 's a Venus Smith song from the ' 70s . Those who are old enough might recall it . Has she lost her mind ? She 's ditching her mic . That little ... Witch . Be true to yourself , come on now , be true to yourself ... Make her stop , Tucker ! I 'll fix it . I 'll fix it . You 've got to be true to yourself . I lived in fear of a broken heart until you came along . Now I 'm not gonna hide anymore , I know where I belong . That 's my song . Be true to yourself , come on now , be true to yourself . You can 't be somebody else , no , don 't fake it . You 've got to be true to yourself . That 's my song ! Glad I found it , I never want to let it go . No more lies , no more desperation , I let my true feelings show . Be true to yourself , come on , come on now , be true to yourself . You can 't be somebody else , no , don 't fake it . You 've got to be true to yourself . Be true to yourself , come on , come on now , be true to yourself . You , you can 't be somebody else , no , no . Oh , don 't fake it ! You 've gotta be true to yourself . No . Don 't move , you 'll be all right . Liar . It 's over . She stole my song . It was my song . Jessie , Jessie , Jessie , Jessie , Jessie , Jessie , Jessie , Jessie . They heard me , didn 't they ? They know the truth . They know and they still love you , listen . And what about you , Superboy ? Did you ever love me ? I still do . Captioned by Grant Brown
