 " March 1st . I 'm still confident today 's session in the capsule will be the last . I will be energized to full capacity . If my calculations are on track , Superboy will soon find out he 's not the only superhero in the world . What I 'm about to do , I do for her . " Hector ? Hector ? Hector Hornsby , you open up this door . All that money to put you through college , and what have you got to show for it ? Toys , a garage full of toys ! They 're not toys , Mother . And you didn 't even finish your dinner . Why do I bother ? Why do I bother doing anything for you ? You are getting to be just like him . You remind me more of your father every day . He was a sorry excuse for a human being , and you 're no better . Mother , I have to concentrate . Could you please go away ? Don 't you talk to me like that . Can 't you see I 'm in the middle of something ? All I can see is this mess , your usual mess . This is not a good time for you to be in here . " Once I begin to appear in public , people will forget all about Superboy " ? You can 't read that , it 's private ! " Microboy will be the one they talk about . Microboy will be the hero everyone looks up to . " No one reads my journal , no one ! Hector , what 's all this rubbish about Microboy ? Who 's Microboy ? No one reads my journal . No one . Ah ! What are you doing , Hector ? No , Mother . Not Hector . Microboy . Since Dr. Zubar 's been away in Europe , you 've made some big improvements on the original design of his time machine . Well , the people here at Siegel institute have been very helpful . Let 's hope this test run succeeds . There 's the frog . Right on schedule . Yes , the micro-timer functioned perfectly . I set it to return little gertrude here to the present , precisely five minutes after her arrival in 1961 . Here we go again . What 's going on ? I wish I knew . For days now , some outside force has been siphoning off vast amounts of electromagnetic waves all around us . Do you have any idea what 's causing the disturbance ? Not yet . So far , the power drain is focused on the mid-range of this spectrum , between 1 and 300,000 megahertz . Microwaves ? Precisely . I 've turned my body into a kind of battery . I draw microwaves out of the air and convert them into energy that I now have ... At my fingertips . Heat generation is just one of the tricks that I can do . You almost burned me , Hector . You don 't burn your mother . I didn 't mean to . These powers- - what are they ? And since when do you think you have to be a hero like Superboy ? Since I met her . She 's the girl of my dreams , Mother . She 's in my drama class at school . I wanna marry her . Her name is ... Lana . Lana ? So young . So pretty . You can 't be serious , Hector . Oh , Mother , don 't start up again with this , please ? You 're a tinkerer , Hector . You have an inventive mind , just like your father . And like him , you 're jinxed . You 're a loser . You 'll never amount to much . You 'll never know what it 's like to be a success . And you 'll never- - and I 'll never find real happiness . Isn 't that right , Mother ? Mm-hmm . And let 's not forget about love . I 'll never find true love , either . It 's for other people . That 's why you 've got to get rid of that tanning booth , and I want you to forget all about this Microboy nonsense . Do you hear me , Hector ? I hear you , Mother . Oh , Romeo , Romeo , wherefore art thou , Romeo ? Deny thy father and refuse thy name . Or if thou wilt not , be but sworn my love , and I 'll no longer be a capulet . Shall I hear more , or shall I speak at this ? 'Tis but thy name that is my enemy . And yet ... I know the sound . Art thou not Romeo , and a montague ? Neither , fair maid , if either thee dislike . Very good . That 's as far as we 'll go today . Hector , you were very focused . I 'm done , for thou hast- - you wanna act , kid . Act being a hostage . Take another step and I 'll kill him ! Ah , ah ! Aaahhh ! I bet that hurt . Are you all right , student ? Uh , I-I think so . What-what the hell are you supposed to be ? Microboy is my name . And catching criminals is my game . You 're under arrest . No way ! Andy , are you all right ? Yeah . Here he is , officers . And you tell that dirtbag when he wakes up in prison who sent him there . The name is Microboy . Microboy ! Hey guys , what 's going on here ? Well , you missed everything , as usual . Yeah , Clark , you almost got the chance to meet Superboy 's competition . He saved my life and then just flew off . What ? You 're saying he flew ? Felix took some pictures . I wonder if I 'll ever get to thank him . You never suspected that of all the people , I would be ... Microboy . Microboy . Oh . So you think you 're a big shot now , huh , Hector ? Caught one crook and you got your picture in the paper . So do you , uh , think this Lana girl is going to think you 're a big hero now , hmm ? You have an inventive mind , Hector . But that won 't change things . You can 't fight fate . You 're always going to be a loser . Just like your father . A lifelong loser . Aaahhh ! Superboy , thank the stars you got to the airport in time . Three near collisions , I hear ? Well , luckily I was able to keep the planes from colliding until the tower got their backup radar online . Well , the destruction this morning was the worst yet , but today , I have a strong hunch as to what 's causing these disturbances- - or , should I say , who . Microboy ? And I 'm afraid he 's craving more energy with each exposure . Like an addict . Precisely . But my readings show that his craving has shifted to the high end of the wave spectrum . Ultraviolet and gamma radiation , and x-rays ? That 's the bad news . The good news is that , knowing this , we may be able to predict where Microboy will go next to feed . The solar power station north of the city . Lana , this is a solar power plant . The energy that I draw here will make me invincible . And you 're gonna be so proud of me . Why are you staring at me like that ? What man art thou who stumblest on my counsel ? By name I know not to tell thee who I am . It is you . Hector , I-I don 't understand . Why have you done this ? Because I love you , and I knew that you would never love me back . So I gave myself these powers and this costume so I could be like Superboy . Well , Hector ... What I feel for Superboy , it 's got nothing to do with-with his powers or a cape . Love ... Real love ... Doesn 't work that way . Don 't be afraid . It 's okay . It 's okay , it 's just all this energy that I 'm absorbing from these solar activators . Ah , I see . She wants to be with you , Superboy . You 've gotta get away from this place , Hector . Who was I kidding ? I never had a chance with you . I should have listened to my mother . She knew I 'd never amount to anything , ever . She told me I was born to be a loser . A loser with nothing left to lose . You 've got to let me help you ! Hector , please , listen to him . No , Lana , not even for you . Feel that , Superboy ? I 'm strong enough to create an energy field powerful enough to kill even you . But you 're not a killer , Hector ! Think again , Superboy . Superboy ! Lana ! Undo what you just did . I 'm dying , Lana . The energy 's killing me . I don 't wanna die alone . Hector ... You don 't wanna do this . They 'll find us together . Like Romeo and Juliet . It 's hopeless . If we could stop him from absorbing microwaves , perhaps he would survive , maybe even recover . But ... We 'll never know . What do you mean ? In this day and age , there 's virtually no place on earth totally free of microwaves . " In this day and age " ? Professor , you just hit the answer . No , Superboy , no , ab-absolutely not . No , no , it 's too dangerous . A frog is one thing , but it 'll be months before I 'm ready to test a human subject . It may be the only chance that Hector has . Professor , if you won 't program zubar 's machine , I 'll do it myself . Ha , I guess you would , wouldn 't you ? I can 't deny that I seem to be cured . But why take me back this far ? Why 1903 ? Think about it , Hector . In 1903 , electricity was still in its infancy . Oh , I see . There were no microwaves in the air . That means I can never go back , can I ? No . What about my mother ? I bet she 'll be better off without me . Would you do me a favor ? Could you say goodbye to Lana for me ? Sure . Thank you . One more thing . Where are we ? You 'll figure it out . But wilbur , we 're talking about sustained flight . Twelve seconds is nothing . One problem at a time , Orville . One problem at a time . Orville ? Yeah ? Wilbur ? Uh-huh ? Hi , I 'm Hector , Hector Hornsby . So where were we ? Lateral control . Now how do we achieve lateral control when we have a rigid- - Excuse me . Have you ever thought of replacing these static wires with control wires for the wings ? That way the sail can-can warp and twist in flight . What did you say your name was ? Hector ... Hector Hornsby . Orville , is this what you need ? Yeah . Oh , thank you . Do I know you ? Oh , uh , Hector , this is our cousin , Julianne . Were-were you at the square dance last week ? No , I wasn 't . Hector , let 's talk about these control wires . - Oh , okay . - Now if we attach ' em on the inside of the wing right here- - and then we bring this one right on down here , we can control the sail . That would be good , that would be good . And get the lift . Captioned by Grant Brown
