 How long will it take us to get to Krypton ? Once we initiate warp drive , Kal-El , not very long at all . In the meantime your mother and I have prepared a surprise for you . Father , to find out who I really am and where I came from after all these years , I really grateful that you and Mother never give up searching for me . We know , Son . Welcome , Superboy . We 've been waiting for you . Superboy , be careful ! What is this ? Your worst nightmare has come true , Superboy . Mother , Father , what 's going on ? We are your keepers , you are our specimen . This can 't be happening ! But it is child . You 're wasting your effort ! No specimen has ever breached a containment cell . Who are you ? Well , we 're certainly not from Krypton . Our race has the ability to reshape molecular structure . And impersonate any species we choose . Why ? Why would you trick me into thinking you were my parents ? Well , we didn 't want to risk a personal confrontation . You see these suits give us special powers , but they 're still not match for yours , Superboy . You both look so real . It was real , Superboy . We extracted the data from your infant memories . You two are really sick ! Space scum , like something I scraped from the bottom of my boot . Ususually offensive these earthlings . Let 's dispense with them now . You may watch while we project your friends to the earth habititat , where they will spawn new offspring . Oh , by the way , Superboy , this is the last time you will see your earthling friends . No ! No ! Superboy , help us ! I won 't let you take them ! He 's breaching his cell . If he disrupts the projection , we 'll overload the system . You are right , they are scum . They wouldn 't even let us see what they really look like . I am Vorak and this is my mate Mura . Our natural form is so hideous that we spare your trauma by wearing these coverings . I know how to incapacitate him . Lana ! Superboy , help us ! See how the Kents have conditioned him to never expose his powers and earth identity . So much for your method . This should stop him at least . It appears we both underestimated the Kryptonian . We have to go in after him . The earth habitat will not contain his powers for very long . These cannot protect us from the high oxygen level and neither will our natural forms . That 's easily remedied . Now , let 's hunt ! What happened to us ? Where are we , Superboy ? We lost Andy . He 's got to be around here somewhere . All this time growing up together . You always had powers , didn 't you ? I 'm sorry , Lana . I know this must be a big shock for you , but I never mean 't for you to find out like this . The aliens transformed me into Clark . I can 't seem to change back into Superboy . How could you do this to me ? Didn 't you trust me ? We 've known each other all our lives . And you didn 't trust me . No . No , that 's not how it is . That 's not for you to say . I don 't even know what to call you anymore . Clark , are you okay ? Of course I 'm alright . Lana , I 'm invulnerable , remember . Right . This isn 't going to be easy you know . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to sound ungratful . Keeping your secret all these years must have been hard to do . It was . But at least I can be myself now . Once we get back , I mean if we get back . Do you think we could have a new start ? Promise me , no more secrets . No more secrets . But if I am going to get you and Andy out of here safely , I 've got my work cut out for me . This is all so strange . Do you think you 'll be able to get us out of here ? It 's not going to be easy . This habitat is surrounded by an invisible barrier that not even my powers can penetrate . Habitat ? This is one big zoo ? Great . Now what ? Let 's go explore our cage . Andy , we still don 't know what happened to him . What is it ? We 're not alone . What do you see ? Not much , this artifical matter is distorting my x-ray vision . But my super hearing is picking up a sound from that hotel . - Andy . - Let 's go see . It was his heartbeat you heard . It was , wasn 't it ? I wish I could help . Andy 's dead . Hey , let me go , you 're sqeezing too hard ! Do you want to give me a spasm ! Let me go ! You killed our friend ! I did not . The human male was already expired when I found him . Make me believe you . Wait ! I think he 's telling the truth . Before we vanished off the ship , I saw Vorak fire a weapon at you , it must have missed and hit Andy . Sorry , I didn 't mean to hurt you . You could have fooled me ! You have to forgive , my friend , sometimes he doesn 't know his own strength . How about you ? You like to strangle people too ? No . My name is Lana and this is just Clark . Just Clark should learn to control his temper . We 've lost someone , very close to us . Oh , I 'm sorry . My name is Sludd . Vorak and Mura . I should have known this needless death was their doing . For what it is worth , I also hate them . Are you a refugee from another habitat ? I 'm the custodian . It 's my job to over see the maintenance in all the habitats . I 'm tracking down an unexplained energy eruption in the teleport system . Well , you 've found it . You can stop looking . You ? You are not an earthling , just Clark . You 're Kryptonian . Why do you wear earth garb ? Vorak and Mura , they did this to me with their transformation powers . Easily remedied . So how come you are not like Vorak ? We 're different species from the same planet . My kind has powers , they do not possess . Vorak , Mura , what a wonderful surprise , and might I say you look lovely today . This is no time for your insolence . You may go , Sludd , we will deal with the situation now . Murderers ! You killed our friend ! And I 'll kill the female if you make the slightest move to resist us , Superboy . Move away from the Kryptonian , Sludd , I will not ask again . I can shrink anything non-living . You will die for this , Sludd . You 've done all the killing you are going to do , Vorak . You forgot these suits give us powers of our own , Superboy . This way , hurry ! If they catch me I 'm as dead as you . Trust me . What have you got to lose . He 's got a point . The dimensional rift , whatever you want to call it , it 's our escape route . But the deal is you 've got to take me with you . - Agreed . - Alright . Where 's the escape route . It 's miles away , but they spot you if you fly us there . Come on . Sludd , does that truck have a real engine ? It doesn 't matter . You two get in . So long as you maintain the system , they let you stay alive ? If you can call that living . Death will be the price of your freedom , Sludd . Do you think we were not aware of your little secret ? We have always known of the dimensional rift . Caution , Superboy , it would be a pity to kill the last survivor of an extinct race . What are you talking about ? There is no planet Krypton . It blew up a long time ago . Your real parents are dead , Superboy . Your past is gone . No ! No time to lose . You cannot escape us ! Sludd , you and Lana go through the rift , hurry . He doesn 't understand , he has to go through first , without his body to shield us we 'll never survive . Shall we go ? We insist . Are you really sure you 'll be able to get those things back in time ? I 've double checked the computations a hundred times . I 've always wanted to change the day . When Vorak and Mura first look me prisoners aboard this ship . I was unarmed , unprepared . This time everything 's going to be different this time I 'm sending myself a weapon and more than enough reason to use it . And this disk has a recorded message warning you about Vorak and Mura . This is the easy part . Bringing the ship fast than my stardrive to send this pod into the past , calculating the co-ordinates , that 's not so easy . Now for the moment of truth . We should know soon . If your plan goes as scheduled , then Vorak and Mura would have never captured you . Never start their space zoo , never come to Earth . Andy never died . And I 'd never know I 'm from Krypton . Or that my parents died . If you 're destined to know the truth , someday you will . And how will we know if you 've succeded ? The three of us will just fade away as if we never existed . Lana . No more secrets , remember . Being able to be myself , not having to live a lie , it 's been great , even if just for a few hours . For me too . I wish it never had to end . Someday I hope I can tell you the truth . You have no idea how much I would like you to know . - I love you . - I love you . I want a big piece . Aha ! Hello , hi , honey . It 's Lana , she 's in Shuster . Andy 's with her . They both want to talk to you . Hi , guys . Happy Birthday , Clarkster ! Happy Birthday , love you ! Me too , Lana . Captioned by Grant Brown
