 Ah ! Ah ! No ! We 're in the second galaxy now . Oh , yipes , spiders from outer space are attacking the earth ! Mr. President , I 'll do all I can ! Well , thank you very much . Here , I just shot one of the spiders for you . Why , thank you , Mr. President . No , that 's quite all right . Oh , here , I shot another one . Oh , what will we do now ? Quick , they 're coming in , they 're coming in again . Oh , look at them , look ! The whole earth is destroyed ! And you 're just a frog- - what do you care ? Daisy . Yeah , hello , Daisy ? I have it right here in my little hand . Well , actually , both hands are little . It 's not like I have a big hand and a little hand , it 's- - anyway , I have it right here . Oh , Nick , to think , after all these months , oh , it gives me tingles right up my spine . The first name is Nick . The second name 's Knack . It 's Nick Knack , Nick Knack ! Oh , you scold me . I 'm making a sad face now , Nick knack . You 're making a sad face ? I 've been in jail for a year . I 'm--I have an ecstatic face on , okay ? Gimme three minutes to cut through the bars , okay ? Okay , okay . Now , I 'm to do exactly what you told me to do . Drive up to the fence and keep the engine running . Don 't turn off the engine , whatever you do . Okay ? Fine . My sweet little lamb . Ya hear that ? I 'm coughing . I 'm coughing because I 'm sick . I 'm very sick . I won 't leave this bed . I don 't- - Oh , hurry , Nick Knack ! I can 't wait any longer ! Please , hurry ! Oh , I should hurry up ? Gee , I thought I 'd stay another hour and have lunch with the warden ! My little lambie-poo . Ugh . Oh , hurry , Nick knack . I have the most wonderful hug waiting for you . Oh , hurry , please , hurry . Yeah , hello , Daisy ? I am at the , uh , window ledge right now . Now-now , be very quiet , 'cause in order to jump without hurting myself , I have to get myself in a zen-like state . It 's very important that- - aaahhh ! Aaahhh ! Nick Knack , you 're out ! We got you out , we got you out ! Oh , I 'm so happy to see you ! Ow-ow-ow-ow ... Oh , I 'm so happy to see you ! Ow , the pain , the pain ! You mean so much to me . You are my life , the air that my very soul breathes . Ow , let go of me , please , let go . Oh , I shoulda died when I hit the ground . Well , what do you think ? I made it special for this occasion . Ow , ooh-ooh ... You made this van ? No , not the van , the dress , my dress . I made it special . Oh , well , it looks like a dress . And I 'll make a pretty bride , won 't I ? It looks just like a dress . And when we 're married , we 'll be together forever and ever and ever and ever- - Ow , just take the van and roll over me ! Just kill me already ! A very long time , I suspect . Ow , let go , oh ... Yes . But first , there 's one thing I have to do . Like become one of the richest men in the world . I 've been working on the plans you sent me . This is almost ready . So there 's only one thing we have to do to complete it : kidnap Superboy . Oh , oh , please ! Oh , let me go ! Oh , oh , let me gooo ! Come on , Clark , put away that shirt and take a look at this . Aren 't those old 8-track tapes ? Yup . Don 't you need an 8-track machine to play ' em ? They don 't make those anymore . Clark , this is possibly the best scheme of the century . See , I go around the campus and I hand these away for free . But , I have the 8-track tape players . So put an ad in the paper and I get a great price for ' em , because everybody wants to hear the tapes that they got for free . Pretty slick , huh ? " Harry Belafonte sings ' Daddy-o ' " ? " Day-o , " Clark , " Day-o . " Didn 't you see " Beetlejuice " ? Come on , man , that 's a hot song . This is a great idea , Clark . Now , classifieds ... Whoa , " Nick Knack escapes from prison . " Nick Knack ? Yeah , that 's that guy that Superboy put away about a year ago . Oh , I remember Nick . He said at his trial that he 'd get revenge on Superboy if it was the last thing he ever did . I dunno , some of his weird contraptions were pretty deadly , as I remember . Clark , I wouldn 't worry about it . I 'd put my money on Superboy any day . Sometimes I think you worry too much . We should take some time off . Go to the beach , maybe . Yeah , but I burn too easily . Some kind of weird ticking sound , I don 't know what 's causing it . It 's like a kind of a-a weird ticking thing . Yeah , this should do it . I 'll be through in a minute , Daisy . And I must say that you 've followed my plans perfectly . Oh , you are the one who 's the toy genius , Nick knack--you came up with this plan . You know , now that you put it that way , you 're probably right . I am a genius . I 'm the master of toys . Oh , and I will look pretty when you 've finished with Superboy , won 't I ? I 'm going to look very good in all the beautiful , shiny things you 're gonna buy for me . Yes , you 'll be a ravishing beauty . We 'll have diamonds , pearls , all the money we want . And the best part about it is , it 'll all be because of the person who put me in prison : Superboy . Oh , and then we can get married , right ? Um , I have a lot of work to do around here still . Oh , but you said we 'd get married , in your letters , before you got outta jail . And we will get married , uh , my dim rose . Isn 't that " primrose " ? Yes , primrose , primrose . And you did mean the part about how I remind you of Madonna in all those rock videos ? Daisy , I can honestly say that you are ten times the woman Madonna is . Ha-ha-ha ! Oh , Nick Knack , tell me again how we 're going to get our revenge on Superboy , and tell me in that mean , sinister voice way . Okay . We 're gonna pulverize him . We 're gonna make mincemeat out of him . And you know how ? With reverse magnetic polarity . With it , I drain the strength from Superboy , and I transfer it to ... My robotic super-suit . No one can stop me ! I 'll be the strongest man alive . I just can 't believe how brilliant I am . What a miraculous invention . Daisy , come over here and see what a genius I am . Okay , now you see the way this works ? You put a blank piece of paper in here , and outside , it comes money . Take another worthless blank piece of paper , and outside is more money ! Soon , we 'll have enough money to buy that special meteor alloy . Oh , Nick Knack , I 'm so excited that you 've made me a part of this great plan . Yeah , yeah , couldn 't have done it without ya . You couldn 't ? Nah , of course not . Oh , Nick Knack , that 's the nicest thing you 've ever said to me . It is ? Come on , doll face , we 're pullin ' a heist . I 'll make him an offer he can 't refuse . I 'm a big man . Hey , what are you guys doing here this late at night ? Hey , listen to me , ya big sap , before I fill ya full of lead . I 'm here to purchase a meteor alloy . Everything they got in there would cost you a lot more than you have . Ha ! A lot ? You talk to me about a lot ? Would you call this a lot ? Maybe I might be able to help you . Why , thank you , baldie . And my gal Daisy thanks you . Take her first- - she 's like a whole meal . I 'm just an appetizer . There ya go , complete with all the fixings . Thanks , buddy . It 's between classes . That means that the kids will be coming out soon . I dunno , Andy- - Nancy Sinatra ? Come on , " these boots are made for walking " ? That 's a great song- - it 's a classic . Along with the theme song from " the Lawrence Welk Show , " huh ? Ha-ha-ha . Superboy ? Hi , it 's Nick Knack . Uh , can you meet me alone on freemont beach around the corner from , like , that sorta lemonade stand not far from there . I wanna talk to you about turning myself in . Bye ! Hm , wow , how ' bout that . Nick knack giving himself up , huh ? I 'm not so sure about that , Andy . Nick knack always seems to have some kind of scheme up his sleeve . Do you think you 'll be able to get in touch with Superboy ? I think so . I 'd better go see if I can contact him . I 'm not gonna be able to make it to our library study date . No problem . I 'm sorry . It-it 's okay , Clark . I don 't do libraries . You should try it sometime . I hear they even have books and everything . Well , actually , I was thinking you and I might hit this cozy little pizza place I know . Get some beers , maybe a couple slices . We could-we could study there . I 'll catch ya in class . She doesn 't know what she 's missing . Here you go , Nick Knack . Thank you , Daisy , my little muffie-poo . Oh , look who 's here- - Superboy ! Is that it , is it Superboy ? I recognize you , ' cause I saw that outfit before . You 've worn that something . Nick Knack , hi . Daisy made some , uh , lemonade . It 's without pits ; It 's pitless . You don 't have to go ptoo , ptoo . I 'm not here for a picnic , Nick . I 'm here to take you back to prison with me . Okay , wait a second . You see , it 's Nick Knack . First name 's Nick , second name 's Knack . It 's Nick Knack , Nick Knack , Nick Knack . Did ya get that right ? Nick Knack . This is not a time for toys . Oh , but it is , Superboy . Yes , it is . Those straps are unbreakable . They 're made from a special meteor alloy from outer space . You can only get meteors in outer space ; you don 't get ' em on the earth . You can 't break out of them , and you can 't burn through ' em with that heat vision . You must be joking . You 'll never get away with this . I can 't get away with it ? Watch this- - I 'm getting away ! Bye , Superboy , I 'm getting away ! Look at the Boy of Steel , all bound up and no place to go . Getting away ! Oh , your plan worked , Nick Knack , just like I knew it would . Yes , well , I 'm a genius . An evil genius , but I am a genius . Oh , oh , oh , please , please , not the ribs , not the ribs ! Ah , ah ! Haircut and a shave , Superboy ? Ha-ha-ha ! So how do you usually wear it ? Short in the back- - I remember . Well , you 're probably wondering what I plan to do with you . Okay , I 'll tell you . I plan to drain all the energy from your body , and transfer it--where ? To my robotic super-suit . You know , I really wish you could watch this . It 's going to be stupendous . It 'll be exciting , a first . This might be loud ; Don 't let it scare you . It 's working , it 's working ! Well , Superboy , now you 'll know what it 's like to be another little weakling nerd who no one likes to play with . Maybe you 're hurting Superboy , Nick Knack . You know , I don 't wanna hurt him . I should hurry ... To turn off ... the ... machine . Boo ! That could 've scared anyone . Quick , strap me into my super-suit . Oh , Superboy , I 'm getting away . I can 't believe it . I feel the power of hundreds of men , thousands , millions ! What comes after millions ? Now you 're gonna bring me all my gifts , Nick Knack ? Gifts ? You want gifts ? I 'll bring you back any gift you want . Anything at all . Now get out of my way , Daisy . I 'm going shopping ... At the gold reserve . Oh ! Are you hurt really bad ? Come on , boys , come out here and shoot me . Go ahead , I dare ya . Halt ! Halt ! I made us some fresh lemonade . Oh , you know , Nick Knack is really not a bad guy . He hurt me . To charge up his super-suit . Look at me , Daisy . How weak I am . And if Nick isn 't careful , he 's gonna hurt himself with that machine . But Nick Knack 's the master of toys . But he isn 't used to having superpowers as I am . You mean , my little Nick Knack could be a hurt little Nick Knack ? I 'm afraid so . Well then , I 'd better untie you right away so that you can save him . He 's at the gold reserve . You do save people , don 't you ? Sure I do . Ah ! Superboy ! Are you all right ? I feel a little weak . You 're no match for me , Superboy . I have all of your powers . Come on , Superboy , wake up . Had enough , Superboy ? No , you 're draining the battery ! Ah , nooo ! That 's what I figured . Now I 've got all my power back . Aaahhh ! Oh , oh ... Oh ! You 've ruined everything , Superboy . Look what you did to the Super-Suit ! When are you gonna learn , Nick ? Toys are for kids . Oh , just one thing , Superboy . How did you escape ? Your friend Daisy . She really cares about you , although I don 't know why . And she 'll be waiting for you at the police headquarters when they bring you in . Oh ! You may have gotten me this time , Superboy , but I 'll get you yet , if it 's the last thing I do ! Captioned by Grant Brown
