 Look , Ben , this is what infuriates me . Don 't you see ? It 's so painfully obvious . Why do you think our stock 's in the toilet ? Because you 're cutting research in half . You 've forgotten what the adventure 's about . The industry 's changing . We need to make some hard choices . - Save your sound bite for the press ! - Let 's not relive the stockholders ' meeting . You 're killing me ! You 're killing my company ! Eurisko is not your company , Brad . Not any more . And you damn well better grow up and get used to it ! You 're gonna regret this . New paragraph . As I 'm sure everyone on the board will agree , Eurisko has to face head-on the realities of an increasingly competitive world . Since the unfortunate departure of Brad Wilczek , I have made recommendations which I believe will reposition Eurisko as an industry leader . At the top of this list is the immediate termination of the COS project . Its disastrous performance over the past three quarters and projected losses well into 1994 leave us no other choice . Hello ? Hello ! At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7.35pm. What the hell ... ? Damn . File deleted . X-Files Season 1 Episode 7 ( 1x06 ) - Ghost in the Machine FBI Headquarters Washington , D.C. Mulder . Jerry ? You 're Dana Scully , right ? Jerry Lamana . - We worked together in Violent Crimes . - " Worked together " ! We were partners . That 's $ 8.50 , please . - Jerry , what are you doing here ? - Looking for you . And I 'm buying you lunch . - No , really . - Look , it 's on me . Here . - Cause of death was electrocution . - And it wasn 't accidental ? Looks like some kind of elaborate booby trap , but we don 't know a whole lot more . Engineer just found him 12 hours ago . - Who 's running the investigation ? - Either of you know Nancy Spiller ? The forensics instructor at the Academy ! - We used to call her the lron Maiden . - On a good day ! Anyway , she 's putting together the squad and I took the liberty of mentioning your name . Look , Jerry , I 'd like to help you out , but we 're not on general assignment . Because of the X-Files ? Look , the truth is I could use a little help on this . I don 't wanna drop the ball on this one . You won 't drop the ball . Drake wasn 't just the CEO of a Fortune 500 company . He was a good friend of the Attorney General 's . Another feather in my cap would be nice cos the one I got is looking mangy . - Yeah , but , Jerry ... - Look , I wouldn 't ask if it wasn 't important . How come you two went your separate ways ? ( Eurisko Company Headquarters ) I 'm a pain in the ass to work with . - Seriously , Mulder . - I 'm not a pain in the ass ? We had different career goals . Jerry wanted the fifth floor . - And you ? - I was gunning for a basement office with no heat or windows . Well , I know where you ended up . What about Jerry ? He ran into a little bad luck in Atlanta working Hate Crimes . - What kind of bad luck ? - He misplaced a piece of evidence . Sent it to the cleaners . By the time he got it back , a federal judge had lost both hands and an eye . - 29 ? - Uh-huh . - Going up . - Must be for the visually impaired . How about that ? A politically correct elevator . Third floor . Fourth floor . - You OK ? - Yeah . What was that ? - Yes ? - Hello ? - Security . Who 's this ? - This is Agent Dana Scully . - Do you have a problem ? - Fifth floor . Sixth floor . Actually , I think everything 's OK . Ninth floor . Tenth floor . Eleventh floor . See here ? Someone has tampered with the servo . They switched the ground to the negative , - so when he put the key in the lock ... - He completed the circuit . It 's fused . It takes a lot of juice to melt a steel key . And to throw a 180-pound man ten feet . The servo switch - could it have been moved manually ? We didn 't find any prints in the surrounding area . Sure. lt could have been switched manually , but whoever did it had to override the COS . - What 's the COS ? - The Central Operating System . It runs the building . It regulates everything from energy output to the volume of water in each toilet flush . This is Claude Peterson , a building systems engineer . He found the body . If you wanted to override the COS , what would they ... ? First you 'd have to break the access codes , which ... well , let 's say it wouldn 't be easy . We 'll need a list of the people with that know-how . I can tell you right now , it 'll be a short list . - Would you be on it ? - Me ? ! Hey , look , I 'm just a glorified building super . All I do is monitor the system , make sure it 's functioning properly , like when I saw the overload in Mr Drake 's office . What about the phone lines ? Does the COS monitor all calls ? - Yes , it does . Why ? - I 'm just wondering . OK . Look , can I go now ? Why 'd you ask him about the phones ? Phone 's off the hook . Maybe Drake was talking to somebody right before he did his Ben Franklin impersonation . Taught him everything he knows . FBI Headquarters Washington , D.C. Come in . It 's past three . I 'm just looking for my profile notes . Maybe if you cleaned your desk more than once a year . They were right here . I 'm telling you . We 're late . There are a couple of elements for us to consider . Both the statistical rarity of homicidal electrocution and the complexity of the crime indicate a certain devious premeditation . After all , there are much simpler ways of killing someone . All of which leads me to believe that our guy was some kind of sociopathic game player , maybe even a recluse , since he designed a trap , not only to avoid detection , but to avoid contact with the victim . ls that your profile ? Forget it . No . Drake 's final phone call supports this theory . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7.35pm. Drake 's estimated time of death . Why would Drake call for the correct time just before he died ? It was an incoming call from somewhere in the Eurisko building itself . Whoever set the trap wanted to make sure that Drake took the bait . - Excellent work , Agent Lamana . - Thank you . Jerry , what the hell are you doing ? - Hey , don 't get all bent out of shape . - That was my profile . Look , I didn 't think you 'd mind . Anyway , they were just notes . I filled in the blanks . Jerry , you went into my office and you stole my work . Look , you 're on this case cos I asked you to help me out , and you helped me out . What is the big deal ? - What did he say ? - He apologised ... in his own way . I just got off the phone with Peterson , the systems engineer . One name ! Brad Wilczek ? He said it would be a short list . And it 's headline news how much he despised Drake . That just seems too obvious . To kill Drake would be so brazenly egomaniacal . And fully consistent with Jerry 's excellent behavioural profile . Fully . This is what a 220 lQ and a $ 400-million severance settlement buys you . Yes ? Brad Wilczek ? We 're with the fbi . What took you guys so long ? Would you mind taking off your shoes ? You can divide the computer science industry into two types of people : neat and scruffy . - Benjamin Drake fit into the first category ? - Neat people like things neat . They wear nicely pressed suits and work on surface phenomena . Things they can understand : market shares and third-quarter profits . And you had a different vision for the company ? I started Eurisko out of my parents ' garage . I was 22 years old . I 'd just spent a year following around The Grateful Dead . You know what Eurisko means ? That 's from the Greek , isn 't it ? " I learn things " . Not exactly . It means " I discover things " . But Ben Drake wasn 't interested in discovery . He was a short-sighted , power-hungry opportunist . Let me show you something . Smart home . From this prototype I have access to every square foot of my house . This place is as safe as Fort Knox and as energy efficient as your average igloo . We were two years ahead of Microsoft when Drake , in his infinite wisdom , killed the programme . ls this system related to the one in your corporate building ? Variation on a theme . How many people know the system well enough to override it ? Finally the bonus question . Not many is the answer . Could someone have hacked into the system ? Not your average phone freak , that 's for sure . But there 's plenty of kooks out there . Data travellers , electro wizards , techno anarchists . Anything 's possible . - Could you have done it ? - Of course . I designed the system . That 's why you guys are here , isn 't it ? I 'm your logical suspect . You don 't seem too worried . It 's a puzzle , Ms Scully . And scruffy minds like me like puzzles . We enjoy walking down unpredictable avenues of thought , turning new corners . But as a general rule scruffy minds don 't commit murder . Some see genius as the ability to connect the unconnected . To make juxtapositions . To see relationships where others cannot . Is Brad Wilczek a genius ? I don 't know . But I do know this for certain . He has a predilection for elaborate game playing and knowledge of the Eurisko building . And he has a demonstrable motive for killing Benjamin Drake . The question remains . But if he 's so clever , how do we nail him ? End of field journal , October 24th 1993 . File opened . From the outset , I knew Eurisko would expand effectively , not by traditional Western structures , but by employing certain Zen beliefs and other Eastern philosophies . ( FBI Headquarters Washington , D.C. ) and other Eastern philosophies . Eastern philosophies . Eastern ... Would you give me a second ? Look , I 'm here with my hat in my hand . I screwed up . I 'm sorry . What more can I say ? All you had to do was ask . I would have helped you with the profile . - You don 't know what it 's like . - What what 's like ? You heard about Atlanta ? They got me on six months ' probation . I gotta file daily reports like some cherry-new agent . That was bad luck . Could have happened to anybody . Not to you . Don 't run yourself down . You 're a good agent . - We did some good work together . - Let 's face it , I was tagging along . - That 's not how it was . - How would you know ? You were too busy dazzling them up there on the high wire . Mulder . Take a look . We borrowed this from the voice biometrics lab at Georgetown . It 's a computer spectrogram capable of identifying individual speech patterns . This is the recording the COS made of the phone call Drake received just before he died . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7.35pm. This we put together from a series of lectures Wilczek gave at the Smithsonian last year . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7.35pm. Now we 'll stack them . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7.35pm. - You saying this is the same person ? - I 'm saying both voices are Brad Wilczek 's . He may have disguised his voice , but not the formants unique to his own speech patterns . Which means that he was the one that killed Drake . He had the motive and the means . And now we have the physical evidence . Judge Benson lives in Washington Heights . I can get a warrant in less than an hour . Someone must make sure Wilczek stays put . - l 'll go with you . - No , I 'm gonna bring him in alone . I need this one , Mulder . All right . Come on , come on . Let me in . Damn ! Mr Wilczek ! Going up . Second floor . Third floor . Fourth ... - Can I help you ? - fbi . Welcome back , Brad . You 're not equipped with a voice synthesizer . What is my user level ? That is now at the discretion of the operating system . Going up . Second floor . Third floor . Fourth floor . Fifth floor . Sixth floor . Seventh floor . Eighth floor . Ninth floor . Tenth floor . Eleventh floor . Twelfth floor . Fourteenth floor . Fifteenth floor . Sixteenth floor . What the hell ... ? What are you doing ? Sorry . Those commands are not available at your current user level . Try again . Twenty-third floor . Twenty-fourth floor . - What are you doing ? ! - What are you doing ? ! Twenty-eighth floor . Twenty-ninth floor . Thirtieth floor . Twenty-ninth . Thirtieth . Twenty-ninth . Thirtieth ... Twenty-ninth . Thirtieth . Twenty-ninth . Thirtieth ... Oh , man ! Going down . No ! Don 't do this ! Oh , my God . Program executed . I heard about Jerry . I 'm sorry . I don 't think Wilczek did it . What ? It doesn 't make sense . Why would he go back to Eurisko ? To destroy evidence . To cover his tracks . If you were gonna destroy evidence , would you pose for the cameras ? Mulder . You 've been through a lot . More than I think even you realise . I think Wilczek is smarter than this . He just signed a confession . How much proof do you need ? This is a crime scene . You 'll have to leave . Yeah , I know . I ordered the subpoena . - That subpoena 's been obviated . - What are you talking about ? Unless you 've got a Code 5 clearance , I 'm gonna have to ask you to turn back . - Thanks for coming . - I 'm here against my better judgment . In the future I must insist that you respect the terms of our arrangement . Why is Wilczek under a Code 5 investigation ? Why do the Defense Department want him ? Why do you think they want the most innovative programmer in this hemisphere ? - Software ? - Yeah . For years Wilczek has thumbed his nose at any contract involving weapons applications . He 's a bleeding heart . What kind of software ? How much do you know about artificial intelligence ? I thought it was only theoretical . It was ... until two years ago . Remember Helsinki ? The first time a chess-playing computer beat a grandmaster ? That was Wilczek 's program . And the rumour was that he did it by developing the first adaptive network . An adaptive network ? It 's a learning machine . A computer that actually thinks . And it 's ... become something of a holy grail for some of our more inquisitive colleagues in the Department of Defense . Federal Detention Center Washington , D.C. They make me wear shoes all the time . What else do you want from me ? Why are you willing to spend the rest of your life in prison for a crime you didn 't commit ? - What are you talking about ? I 'm guilty ! - I know you 're innocent ! You 're protecting the machine . The Central Operating System at Eurisko . If I 'm protecting anything , it 's not the machine . Then what ? After the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Robert Oppenheimer spent the rest of his life regretting he 'd ever glimpsed an atom . Oppenheimer may have regretted his actions , but he never denied responsibility for them . He loved the work , Mr Mulder . His mistake was in sharing it with an immoral government . I won 't make the same mistake . But your machine killed Drake . And it killed my friend . I 'm sorry about what happened , but there 's nothing I can do . And you talk about morality ! You 're afraid of the government , but you 'll accept the risk your machine will kill again ! Lesser of two evils . What about a third option ? You created that machine . Now you tell me how to destroy it . Wilczek can create a virus to destroy the system . Mulder , don 't you see ? Blaming the machine is an alibi , and a bad one . It 's the only thing that makes sense . The COS project was posting big losses for Eurisko . Drake was about to end the programme . So the machine killed Drake out of self-defense ? Self-preservation - the primary instinct of all sentient beings . Mulder , that level of artificial intelligence is decades away from being realised . Then why was our government trying to usurp Wilczek 's research ? I think you 're looking for something that isn 't there . And I think it has something to do with Jerry . Maybe it wouldn 't be such a bad idea if you talked to someone . You 're probably right . - Where are you going ? - To talk to someone . How much time do you need ? Hello ? Oh , my God . This is Special Agent Dana Scully , ID number 2317-616 . I need you to run a quick trace on a number for me . Yeah . 202-555-6431 . Yeah , that 's my number . Somebody 's accessing my computer . - Mulder ! - Scully , what are you doing here ? Someone or something 's been scanning my computer files , tapping my phones . I traced the line . It came from somewhere in there . It 's the machine . How can we get in ? Remember the Trojan Horse ? Open , Sesame ! Oh , what the ... Mulder ! So much for the element of surprise ! What do you say we take the stairs ? 28 down , one to go . Oh , great . Mulder ? Trick or treat ? No ! - What are you doing ? - Don 't wanna make the mistake Drake made . Who you lookin ' at ? There should be a way for you to drop down and open the door . Come on , Scully . Scully ? Agent Mulder . What are you doing here ? The machine 's been acting all crazy . Power surges , shut-offs . That 's why I 'm here so late . - Where 's the B-port ? - Oh , it 's right back here . Are you sure you know what you 're doing ? Because if you don 't , it 's my job on the line . Damn . System access granted . User code : level 7 . Now I can put in the virus . Not bad , Agent Mulder . You know , I 've been trying to access the CPU for the past two years . Now , please , take out your gun and remove the clip . Careful . Defense Department ? Let 's say our paychecks are signed by the same person . Now give me the diskette and step away from there . You don 't want to test my resolve , Agent Mulder . Put down the gun . - You don 't know what you 're dealing with . - Shut up and drop the gun ! You 're making a mistake , Agent Scully . Compromising your sworn duty . This operation is more sensitive than you can possibly imagine . - Don 't listen to him . - The technology in this machine is of enormous scientific interest . It 's a monster . It 's killed two people . - They can 't handle it any better than Wilczek . - Make no mistake . You will be held accountable . Mulder , put in the disk . What are you doing , Brad ? Don 't do this , Brad . Bad command or file name . Sector 7 not found home . Brad ... Brad ... Brad , ... why ? I checked with the Department of Corrections subcommittee . - I even petitioned the Attorney General . - You won 't find him . They can 't take a man like Brad Wilczek without an explanation . They can do anything they want . Where is he ? In the middle of what we in the trade call " hard bargaining " . Wilczek won 't deal . He 'll never work for them . Loss of freedom does funny things to a man , and Wilczek confessed to two murders . And you effectively destroyed the only evidence that could have exonerated him . What else could I have done ? Nothing , unless you were willing to let the technology survive . The Department of Defense still hasn 't found anything ? They 've been on it for five days . Wilczek 's virus was thorough . It left no trace of the artificial intelligence . The machine is dead . We pushed the pulse code modulations to the limit . Nothing . We 've combed the parsing subroutine . Yes , sir . Twice . No , sir . Still nothing , but I 'd like to request ... Yes , sir . No , I understand . Yes , sir . Six more hours before we have to consign the whole damn thing to the metal shredder . We 'll do what we can , sir . I 'm gonna figure this thing out if it kills me . Subtitles corrected , enhanced and resynched by Danny Boy
