 I 'm here in Pasadena with the NASA mission control team as they celebrate scientific history- - the first close-up photographic transmissions of Mars from the Viking Observer spacecraft- - photos that have created a stir by revealing surprising geologic information : the presence of large amounts of water locked in Mars' polar ice caps- - water that some speculate could have possibly sustained life on the planet . Even more controversial is one image of a land formation- - a formation that looks like a sculpted human face . However , NASA officials are denying it as an indication of an alien civilization . It 's nothing more than a trick of light and shadows- - a geologic anomaly . The only sculptors at work are the solar winds that blow across the surface of Mars at 300 miles an hour , ten months a year . I 'm seeing- - I 've got- - How 's it going out there ? There 's something out here . Can you repeat that , Commander ? It 's coming at me ! Holy God ! Pickup terminal sequence , M.P.S. You have a go to proceed . Boost your hydraulic power units . This is Shuttle Launch Control with Tminus one minute fifteen seconds and counting . O.T.C. to C.D.R. How do you read ? Loud and clear . Go ahead . Roger that . Port setup two zero . Copy . Setup two zero . C.D.R. Houston , how do you read ? Loud and clear . Side hatch close out and white room configuration is complete . Retracting orbiter arm . O.M .S. pressure on . Cabin vent complete . Roger , we see that . All systems go for A.P.U. start . Pre-start complete . A.P.U. to inhibit . Oxygen vent hood retracted . External tank is at flight pressure . Lock your visors and initiate your O2 flow . Y 'all have a good trip . Roger that . T-minus 20 seconds and counting . Go for auto-sequence start . Booster hydraulic power units have started . Go for main engine start . T-minus ten , nine , eight seven , six , five , four , three ... Abort liftoff . Abort liftoff . System failure . Abort liftoff . Repeat . We have an aborted liftoff . Scully : What did the note say ? Just that they worked for NASA . They wanted to talk to somebody from the F.B.I. Why the cloak-and-dagger routine ? I have no idea . Think it 's a crank ? It 's beginning to look that way . My name is Michelle Generoo . Fox Mulder . I sent you the note . Special Agent Dana Scully . I 'm sorry to have to take these precautions . I flew up from Houston this morning . I work at the space center there . In what capacity ? I 'm the Mission Control Communications Commander for the shuttle . What brings you to Washington ? There may be a saboteur at work inside NASA . You have evidence of sabotage ? I don 't know . I may . Two weeks ago a shuttle mission was scrubbed three seconds before lift-off when an auxiliary power unit valve malfunctioned . If the flight had not been aborted there was a great chance the liquid fuel system and the orbiter would have exploded on the launch pad . This was sent to me in the mail . It 's a material analysis that shows deep-grooved scoring marks inside this A.P.U. valve- - marks that could have caused a malfunction . Evidence of tampering ? That 's what it looks like , but ... According to the person who gave me your names you have expertise in unexplained phenomena . And what 's unexplainable is how anybody could have done it . How do you mean ? The valve is made of ferrocarbon titanium . To score that material would take extreme launch pad temperatures . If NASA looked at that analysis they would say no one could do that type of damage undetected . Do you have any idea who sent that to you ? No idea . The official analysis of the malfunction was simple mechanical failure . Does anybody share your suspicions ? If they do they 're not talking to the F.B.I. I believe in the space program and the people who run it but there 's another launch window tomorrow . My reasons may sound selfish , but my fiancé is a Shuttle Commander on that mission . Scully : Why would somebody want to sabotage the Space Shuttle ? Well , if you were a terrorist there probably isn 't a more potent symbol of American progress and prosperity . If you 're an opponent of big science NASA itself represents a vast money trench that exists outside the crucible and debate of the democratic process . And , of course , there are those futurists who believe the Space Shuttle is a rusty old bucket- - a dinosaur spacecraft built in the ' 7 0s by scientists setting their sights on space in an ever-declining scale . And we thought we could rest easy with the fall of the Soviet Union . Not to mention certain fringe elements who accuse our government itself of space sabotage- - the failure of the Hubble Telescope and the Mars Observer are directly connected to a conspiracy to deny us evidence . Evidence of what ? Alien civilizations . Oh , of course . Look at that- - Gemini Eight . What ? The man we 're seeing- - Colonel Belt- - nearly died on that mission . Made an emergency landing in the middle of the Pacific Ocean . You remember that stuff ? You never wanted to be an astronaut when you were a kid ? I missed that phase . Come in . Colonel Belt . I 'm special agent Dana Scully . And this is ... Colonel Belt . Fox Mulder . I 'm a big fan . It 's an honor to meet you . You were a big hero to me . Thank you . I stayed up all night when I was 1 4 to watch your space walk . Well , now it 's like a stroll around the block . So ... how can I help you ? This found its way to the F.B.I. Do you recognize it ? Sure . It 's an auxiliary power unit valve . Do you have any reason to believe that the damage done to it was in an effort to sabotage the Space Shuttle program ? No . Any reason to suspect sabotage at all ? No reason whatsoever . And if you have any respect for this program and for the people who have devoted their lives to it you 'll be careful to whom you make those accusations . Looking at this evidence , sir would you consider postponing the shuttle flight until a full investigation could be conducted ? I don 't know where you got this specious artifact but every precaution has been taken to rectify the problem . We 've been waiting two weeks for a window to initiate this mission . We 've got a payload to deliver . Has an internal investigation ever been done on this matter ? The part you have here has been installed , inspected , and designed by over 1 00 highly trained technicians . With the security measures we take it would be virtually impossible for one man working by himself or two , or four men to do what you 're suggesting . I can assure you there isn 't a person in this facility that doesn 't want to see that shuttle go into space complete its mission and come back like winged Victory herself . And in about ten hours , God willing you 'll see just that . Do you think there would be a problem with us watching the lift-off from mission control ? Well , being that you 'd probably go over my head anyway please , be my guest . It was an honor , sir . Thank you . Didn 't you want to get his autograph ? Man : Where did you say you got this ? Scully : It came to us anonymously . This is an A.P.U. valve , all right . This doesn 't make sense . What doesn 't make sense ? This scoring here . This valve is made out of ferrocarbon titanium . You didn 't order the analysis ? No , but we 're on outside contract to NASA . They may have ordered it . Wouldn 't you order a material analysis if a part malfunctioned ? Every shuttle has flown with that same valve with no problem . To do an analysis would delay the program for months not to mention the cost . In order to avoid delays is the program being pushed ahead without proper safety precaution ? There are about 1 7,000 things that can go wrong with the shuttle and about 1 7,000 people who make sure they don 't . Who makes the final determination as to its safety ? We make a recommendation but ultimately , the decision is Colonel Belt 's . - Thank you . - Thank you . What do you think ? I can 't believe how much faith we put in machines . You think Colonel Belt knows more than he 's saying ? He lied about his knowledge of a saboteur ? I can 't believe Colonel Belt would endanger the lives of those astronauts knowing that something might go wrong . He was an astronaut himself . So you think this X ray is bogus ? God , I hope so . This is Shuttle Launch Control with T-minus one minute 45 and counting . Here we go . This is Shuttle Launch Control with Tminus one minute 30 . Final approach sequence . Main engines ready . Main engine check . Switching off ground supply . Roger , O.T.C. Houston : Pick up terminal sequence M. O.T.C. to C.D.R. How do you read ? Charge capacitor energy storage banks are all at 2 4 1 . O.T.C. to C.D.R. How do you read ? Loud and clear . C.D.R. to Houston . How do you read ? Loud and clear . Side hatch closeout and white room configuration complete . Retracting orbiter arm . All systems go for A.P.U. start . We have A.P.U. start . B.B .S.R. power down and ready for launch . Transfer to internal power . Main engines complete . Aero surfaces in launch position . Military recorder is running . Okay . Copy . Oxygen vent hood retracted . External tank is at flight pressure . Okay , C.D.R. , lock your visors and initiate your O2 flow . Y 'all have a good one . Roger that . Go for auto-sequence start . Booster hydraulic units have started . Go for main engine start . Tminus ten and counting . 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 . Zero . Ignition . We have liftoff . C.D.R. to Houston . Great job . Roger that . 1 0-4 . Roger . Throttle back . Main engine at 65 percent . Roger . Throttle at 1 1 0 percent . Roger , O.T.C. I have to admit that I fulfilled one of my boyhood fantasies . It ranks right up there with getting a pony and learning how to braid my own hair . You have to admit that was exciting- - Mission control , countdown ... Mulder ! Wait ! Something 's gone wrong . What happened ? Something 's wrong with the shuttle . We had some trouble with the solid rocket boosters but we fixed it . Got a phone call 20 minutes ago . Communication with the shuttle had gone down . We 've got to get back to Houston . They have a press blackout in effect . Chances are , the media doesn 't know about it . Sabotage ? Things go wrong all the time . But they usually fix them . Usually . She 's turning . Michelle ! I can see her . Michelle ! Help ! You all right ? I 'm stuck ! Can you move ? Just get me out of here ! I 'm wedged in . You all right ? I 'm wedged in . Come here . Can you push with your legs ? Be careful . Just get me out of here ! Come on . Okay . It 's okay . Don 't try to move . Oh , I got to get back to Houston . What happened ? I don 't know . Something came at me in the fog and next thing I knew , I was upside down . Was it some kind of an animal ? No . It had a face . It was ... It was grotesque . I don 't know what it was . You okay ? Yeah . Orbiter , this is Houston . Do you copy ? Your transmission is breaking up , Houston . What 's happening ? A malf in the O.M.S. and R.C.F. systems . They can 't get the orbiter into attitude rotation . Cabin temperature is 1 03 and they have downlink transmission ... What happened to you ? I had an accident . What 's their position ? Just over eastern Africa . Try patching them into the Seychelles Tracking Station . All right . Hang in there , O.T.C. The orbiter maneuvering systems malfunctioned . They need to rotate the shuttle away from the sun to keep the orbiter cool . Drop in cabin pressure 21 kilopascals and declining . They 're going to burn up . Where 's Colonel Belt ? On his way . On his way . What happened ? Backup system failed . Can we auto-activate their systems from down here ? We cannot . It 's like someone 's screwing with the uplink communications from this end . Can you trace it ? Digital processor . They 'd have to be in the data banks . Where 's that ? Come on . Scully : Mulder ? I 'm a Federal Agent . Come on out of there . What are you doing in here ? I work here . Let me see your clearance . There was a malfunction in one of the processors . Did you find it ? No . Did you see anybody else here ? Call security . I don 't want anybody coming in or out of this building who doesn 't have proper clearance . ( garbled transmission ) What 's the attitude of the orbiter ? They 're flying tail first , sir belly towards the sun . Flash evaporator system is working but it 's not enough to cool them down . Cabin temperature 1 1 6 . Where 's .. ? Somebody 's jamming our transmissions . Somebody or something is interfering with our ground communications and scrambling our uplink telemetry . The shuttle is not responding to override signals . I 'm cutting off telemetry . We might lose contact for good . We have to give it a chance . We have to bring them down . We have to give them control of the ship to perform that rotation maneuver and deliver the payload . What if they can 't ? We could be stranding them . Abandon telemetry . Go to fly-by-wire mode . They 're cutting off ground control to the orbiter . The astronauts will be flying the shuttle all by themselves . Is it gonna work ? O.T.C. , this is Houston . How 's the weather up there ? Sunny and warm , Houston . What 's the forecast ? O.T.C. , we 're going to fly-by-wire mode . We 're going to abort ground control to see if you can bring those systems back up . Roger that , Houston and leave the driving to us . David ... you take care . What just happened ? They cut off contact with the shuttle . Generoo : 45 seconds . If they were able to execute they 'd have done it by now . Standing by . 60 seconds . Go to reestablish uplink communication . Video signal 's failed . O.T.C. , this is Houston . Do you copy ? O.T.C. , this is Houston . Where are you ? Howdy-do , Houston . Looks like we finally got this bird to fly right . O.T.C. , do you hear that ? Music to our ears . Cabin temperature stabilizing . O.T.C. , this is Mark Belt in Houston . How 's the crew holding up ? They 're looking good , sir . Y 'all get some rest . We 'll get back to work at about 07 00 . Roger , Houston . Let 's get to work on that telemetry problem . We got a big day ahead of us . Belt : Let 's just let the electronic press get their sound equipment set . Are we set up in here ? Do you want to test this mike ? ( shouting questions ) I know you have a lot of questions . I 'll get to them . How did he know it was going to work ? He didn 't . They could have died and there would have been nothing we could have done . They 'd have been a ghost ship stuck in orbit . Why would he take that risk ? Bring those men back without delivering that payload ? That 's millions of wasted dollars . That 's all congress would need to shut down NASA . Belt : As of 2200 hours the crew has been conducting on-board tests and tasks and resting up for their first full day in space . I 'm happy to say after a beautiful night launch the shuttle orbiter has performed magnificently . ( reporters shouting questions ) So much for your boyhood hero . Colonel Belt ? Colonel Belt ? Can I talk to you for a moment ? You want to know why I lied to them . You 're asking yourself if this means I 'd lie to you . You know what it means to be an astronaut , sir ? You risk your life every time you get into your spacecraft for nothing more than the good progress of mankind . No argument from me . You 're true American heroes . Heroes ? We made headlines when we did our job right . Now they bury you in the back of the paper . Name me two astronauts on the last shuttle . You make the front page today only if you screw up . They only know your name if you 're the unlucky S.O.B. sitting on 500 tons of dynamite . That 's what they 're really waiting for . Sir , I have to ask . I 'm sorry , it 's my job . Do you think someone is sabotaging the shuttle ? My answer to you , sir , will be to bring those men back safely to earth . Oh , God . How 's it going out there ? There 's something out here ! Can you repeat that , Commander ? It 's coming at me ! Holy God ! Houston , we just heard something weird up here . O.T.C. Houston , can you describe it ? Sort of a dull thump , like something bumped the ship . Got any ideas about that ? ( banging ) There it is again . Pull it out ? Yeah . That one right there . They 've got an oxygen leak onboard the orbiter . Our O2 gauges are going all screwy , Houston . We got problems . We 've got an O2 leak in the main tank . What happened ? They don 't know . They just said it was a thump . An astronomer in Winnipeg just spotted a gaseous cloud a mile long trailing in our orbit . That 's the liquid O2 leaking into space . This happened to Colonel Belt on an Apollo mission . How much time do they have ? We 're doing the calculations but it will be a guesstimate . I need some answers . And where is Colonel Belt ? He was due 90 minutes ago to begin payload deployment . Houston ? We 're wondering when we have to start holding our breath . We 're working on it . I need those calculations and a worst-case scenario . We don 't know if both O2 tanks are damaged . Worst-case scenario ! And someone find Colonel Belt . We 'll find Colonel Belt . They 've got 30 minutes of backup oxygen . Why does she need Belt ? She doesn 't know how serious the leak is . It 's an oxygen leak . Even I know what happens when you run out of oxygen . Colonel Belt 's been in the same situation . He 'll know what to do . Where the hell is he ? Colonel Belt ? Colonel Belt ! I 'm going to go get security . Colonel Belt . Are you all right ? Yeah . I wasn 't feeling well . They need you at mission control . There 's been another accident . O.T.C. Is your orbital maneuvering system still operational ? Roger , Houston . We 're ready for reentry . Just say the word . How bad 's the leak ? We have no way to determine . O.T.C. , what 's the condensation on your cabin ? Windows are getting a little steamy . Carbon dioxide buildup . Okay , O.T.C. Everything 's going to be fine . I want you to get in your spacesuits and de-pressurize your cabin . And then I want you to vent that CO2 . And then what ? I want you to stay in your suits . I want you to prepare to use your emergency oxygen systems . And then I want you ... to ... deliver your payload . Those are men up there . You 're out of line . You want to tell me how to do my job ? I 've been up there in that situation , Miss Generoo . There 's more at risk here than your personal life . If you can 't accept that or operate effectively in these circumstances then maybe you 'd better leave the decisions to people who can . O.T.C. Do you copy ? Roger , Houston . We 're waiting on those O2 calculations . ( sniffling ) Scully : Michelle ! They 're going to die . You don 't know that . It 's unconscionable putting that payload before those men 's lives . I think she 's right . He 's losing it . He saved their lives earlier . Did he , or did he put their lives in jeopardy ? If he can 't deliver that payload Congress kills the space program . Killing astronauts won 't have the same effect ? I think somebody must have sabotaged the Space Shuttle . I think Colonel Belt has known about it from the beginning . We 've got to stop him . We 've got to pull them out of orbit . He doesn 't want those men to die . He put them up there . He may be the only person who can get them down alive . How can you be certain that what he 's doing won 't save their lives ? I need access to your records in a hurry . Mulder : I need everything on the Hubble Telescope the Mars Observer , the Shuttle Challenger and the current orbiter mission . That 's tens of thousands of documents . What are we looking for ? X rays , diagrams , schematics- - any proof that Belt knew about a sabotage . A needle in a haystack . Payload deployment initiated . Roger that , O.T.C. Tracking it now . Looks good from here . Payload delivery is complete , Houston . We 're awaiting your order . System check for reentry de-orbit burn . Holy God , there 's something outside the ship- - Holy God , there 's something outside the ship- - There 's someone outside the ship ! Can you repeat that , O.T.C. ? There 's some kind of ghost outside the ship ! No ! ( whimpering ) No , no , no ! ( screaming ) Mulder I found it . This is the same diagram that was sent to Michelle . Ordered by Colonel Belt , which means he knew about the faulty valve . This is from the Challenger . It 's the O-ring fitting that failed . It 's dated one week before the Space Shuttle blew up . The analysis was ordered by Colonel Belt . You 're saying he might have known about the Challenger defect ? Something weird is going on here , Scully . Colonel Belt 's collapsed . He 's in his office . He was just here . ( whimpering ) Scully : Oh , my God . Generoo : What 's wrong with him ? Mulder : Get a doctor . ( whimpering ) Help me . Help me . How can we help you , Colonel ? He 's having some kind of a seizure , Mulder . Come on , come on ! Belt : It 's tearing me apart ! See if I can get a pulse . ( moaning ) Help me . Oh , help me . I 'm bringing that shuttle down . No ! It 's out there ! Easy , easy . Belt : Spacesuits ! Give him Diazepam . No . He 's going to hurt himself . He 's trying to tell us something . Those men are running out of oxygen . They don 't have to die . I want you to focus . Focus your breathing . Focus your pain . Right here . Blood pressure 1 7 4 over 1 20 . Vitals are rising . Mulder you 're risking an aneurysm . Focus . Now you 're focused . Right here . Now , you 're going to save those astronauts and you 're going to tell me how to do it . The shuttle can 't survive reentry . No . He 's lying . How do you know it can 't survive ? The fuselage ... The fuselage is damaged . The silicone tiles are destroyed . How does he know ? How has it been damaged ? I 'm responsible . Did you sabotage the shuttle ? No , but I couldn 't stop them . Nobody can stop them . Stop who ? Pulse 1 94 . You 'll kill him . Stop who ? They don 't want us to know . They don 't want us to know . Who ? It came to me . It lives in me . It 's coming at me ! It 's coming at me ! ( screaming ) And now- - Help me ! It 's coming back ! Generoo : That 's the face I saw in the fog . We 're losing him . Defib . Here you go . Clear . Hit it . They 're out of oxygen . They 've got exactly 30 minutes left in the backup system . They 're going to suffocate up there . I 've got no choice but to bring them down . It 's the only chance I 've got . Again . O2 standing by ... Hold on . We 've got vitals . Scully : We 've got to get him to a hospital . O.T.C. , this is Houston Mission Control . Do you copy ? Roger , Houston . We 've got some spooky stuff up here . O.T.C. , we 're going to bring you down . We want you to instigate de-orbit burn and begin deceleration . Roger , Houston . I was hoping you 'd say that . Activating O.M .S. rockets . All systems go for reentry . They 're bringing the shuttle down . You said the shuttle would burn up on reentry . Is there anything we can do to save it ? Change the trajectory . Change the trajectory to what ? Change the reentry trajectory to 3 5 degrees . We 've got to change the reentry trajectory . Generoo : What ? Change it to 3 5 degrees . 30 seconds to ionosphere reentry . Belt ... I can 't . 25 seconds . It 's your only shot . We 'd have to change landing site and inform them before blackout . 1 5 seconds to blackout . What 's the weather in Albuquerque ? Are we go for an emergency landing ? Weather in Albuquerque ? Landing conditions go in Albuquerque . T-minus five seconds to blackout . O.T.C. , this is Houston . Change your trajectory to 3 5 degrees . You 'll be landing in Albuquerque . Ionosphere reentry . They get that transmission ? Two minutes to reestablish . Damn it . How much oxygen do they have ? 1 6 minutes . O.T.C. , this is Houston . Come in , O.T.C. O.T.C. , this is Houston . Come in , O.T.C. ! Anything ? What 's the point of their new reentry ? West of Hawaii . Hawaii 's picked the shuttle up on radar . They made it . Not necessarily . Albuquerque , do you have radar confirmation ? Negative , Houston . Nothing on the screen . O.T.C. , this is Houston . Come in , O.T.C. O.T.C. , this is Houston ! Come in , O.T.C. ! Houston , this is O.T.C. You know a good place to eat in Albuquerque ? We could meet for dinner . - Whoo ! - O.T.C. , welcome home . You 're looking real good . Man : Yes ! The Space Shuttle touched down today at 1 0 : 56 Central Standard Time . The orbiter delivered its payload after just 1 3 orbits and returned to earth without incident . We at NASA are looking forward to our next shuttle mission and to future successful explorations of space . For mankind and for the future of mankind . ( beeping ) No ... No more ! ( door opens ) I just heard . Something had possessed him- - something he must have seen out there in space . The doctors who examined him said he was experiencing severe dementia . I don 't think he ever really knew exactly how it was working through him or that he ever knew that he was ... responsible for his own actions . He ordered those X rays of the damaged parts . I think he was trying to warn her . I think that he sent Michelle those X rays like he was trying to reach out to her without quite knowing why as if his own instinctual impulse was to save those men . While simultaneously trying to kill them ? Scully , we send those men up into space to unlock the doors of the universe and we don 't even know what 's behind them . I think whatever it was , he took it with him . And in the end , that was the only way he knew how to stop it . There 's an investigation , you know . They haven 't ruled out foul play . He gave his own life . He was an astronaut . That was something he was prepared to do . Colonel Marcus Aurelius Belt devoted his life to the exploration and understanding of space- - learning its mysteries and experiencing it not just for himself but for humanity . Lord , take this man 's soul and let it rise up to your heavens , higher than he could ever go as a man . Let him know the true nature of the universe that he sought to learn . Boy : I made this .
