 ( animal howling ) ( neighing , mooing ) ( animal roaring outside ) ( growling ) ( screams ) ( growls , yells ) I 'm not a killer . I never meant to hurt no one . I 'm tired of my cattle being butchered . That 's the fourth one this month . Who or what do you think was responsible ? That cow looked like a piece of paper that went through a shredder . No animal could do that . Then are you saying that a person was responsible for this ? I want to remind you Mr. Parker is free on bond pending trial . He 's willfully speaking solely in regards to this incident and not about other litigation . We can 't talk about Mr. Parker 's case against the Trego Indian Reservation ? That 's exactly what I mean . Wait a second . This ain 't the time for lawyer crap . I want to get this in the open . You think I killed an Indian because we 're having an argument about where my land ends ? We want to settle in court . Joseph Goodensnake is dead with a wound from your shotgun . All I 'm saying , it was no animal I know of . But it damn well didn 't seem human , neither . Take a look at my boy 's scars . It was dark . We heard a growl . We went out to protect the cattle . I could have swore I saw ... red eyes and fangs . I thought my boy Lyle was ... Look , nobody ... nobody ... was more shocked and upset than I was to find out it was that young Indian boy but if he killed our cattle ... I 'm very sorry that we had to find out about it that way but as far as I 'm concerned that 's the end of it . Can we see the corral ? I 'll take you out there . Agent Mulder ? Yeah ? Agent Scully ... I suppose if I were hearing our side of the story it might not hold up too well ... parts I don 't understand myself ... things my father could never try to explain to a stranger . What kinds of things ? For the last few months whenever we 'd go outside at night to check the cattle we never saw anything out of the ordinary ... not a mountain lion , not a coyote not even any Tregoes , Agent Scully ... but I can feel it ... something not human ... out there ... watching me . The air was more still . The night animals more quiet . It was like nature herself was terrified . Gave me the creeps . The creeps ? Yeah . The creeps . Don 't you ever get the creeps ? The victim was shot there about three meters from where Parker fired . There 's no way he could have mistaken a person for an animal . It 's open-and-shut , Mulder . You know , I 'm surprised you volunteered for this assignment . Any Bureau agent could have investigated this reservation homicide . Why are you interested ? Well , there seems to be nothing unexplainable about this case . Nope . Not a thing . This is so odd . It 's almost like a snakeskin that 's been shed . I suspect the Parkers knowingly killed Goodensnake . They hardly seem the type to skin their victim . Police and coroner 's report make no mention of such an act . Scully : We 'll have to look at the body ourselves . Mulder : The body 's been transferred to reservation authorities . We 're supposed to get in touch with a SheriffTskany . Excuse me . We 're not from around here . We 're looking for SheriffTskany . Anyone know Charley Tskany ? Man : Go home , F.B.I. How did you know ? I could smell you a mile away . Well , they told me that even though my deodorant 's made for a woman it 's strong enough for a man . I was at Wounded Knee in 1973 . What I learned fighting the F.B.I. Is you don 't believe in us , and we don 't believe in you . I want to believe . Why you here ? What are you looking for ? You know what we 're looking for . You tell me what I know . We 're looking for information on the homicide ofJoe Goodensnake . We 're looking for anything that can create human tracks in one step and animal tracks in the next . Parker . He found what you 're looking for . He killed what you 're looking for , F.B.I. Parker and his kid killed my brother . You 're all too afraid of some stupid Indian legend to do anything . Gwen ! The suits come when they want something but when we need help they 're nowhere to be found . SheriffTskany ? I 'm Agent Scully and this is Agent Mulder . Goodensnake 's body is in my office . Bill , Tom . Let them through . Come on , boys . Let them through . Who are they ? Guardians of the dead . They escort the deceased spirits to the new world . I let them as far as the front door . I keep ancient beliefs out there and police work in here . The woman in the pool hall said people were afraid of some legend . What do they believe happened ? I 'm not a park ranger here to answer questions about Indians . Whenever I need federal help I never get it . Since this case falls under the jurisdiction of the F.B.I. You 're entitled to examine the body . So let 's get it over with . Mulder : Was the woman in the pool hall his sister ? Gwen . She and Joe are primarily responsible for fueling the boundary dispute with Parker . They felt he had been grazing his cattle farther and father onto the reservation . Parker probably told you it was his idea to settle in court . Joe and Gwen filed the suit . Take a look at that scar tissue . Looks like he had been attacked by an animal as well . Tskany : Could Joe have been attacked also ? Maybe the Parkers did see an animal . No . Those wounds have been healing for quite some time . The shotgun wound indicates point-blank range . The pellets entered the body in a single mass . The assailant couldn 't have been more than three feet away . We need to take a look at Goodensnake 's dental records . These are the canine cuspids . They 're normal . Could his records have been switched ? The second incisor is chipped just like the ones in his mouth . These match Joe Goodensnake 's . There are cases of calcium phosphate salts developing abnormally with age but ... That could account for whatJim Parker claims to have seen . He was out that night expecting to see a mountain lion . He gets rattled and the flashlight beam catches Joe here . Parker saw what he wanted to see ... an animal . Lyle has scars just likeJoe . Do you have a facility for an autopsy ? Why ? LfJoe 's teeth are abnormal , an autopsy might reveal abnormalities in the interior of his anatomy . I can 't allow that . I 'm fully qualified . No . The funeral is tonight . It 's a cremation . After that we 'll have nothing . Tregoes believe that the recent dead are unsettled by their new condition as spirits . Any desecration of the body angers the spirit and keeps it haunting this world . A law enforcement officer can 't destroy evidence . Don 't tell me what I can 't do . Native Americans believe there are laws greater than that of the U.S. Government . If they want Joe at rest that 's the way it 's going to be . If you want to make an issue out of it with your authorities go right ahead . Charley , do you believe that the spirit ofJoe Goodensnake is in that room ? All I know is tomorrow , the day after , you 're going to leave but I have to stay here . I 've got to answer to these people . You can continue your investigation . You 're going to have to do it withoutJoe Goodensnake 's body . ( man chanting ) Scully : Since we 've been here you 've acted as if you expected to find every piece of evidence we 've come across . What aren 't you telling me ? Why are we here ? A true piece of history , Scully ... The very first X-File initiated by J. Edgar Hoover himself in 1946 . During World War II a series of murders occurred in and around the Northwest . Seven here in Browning alone . Each victim was basically ripped to shreds and eaten as if by a wild animal . However , many of the victims were found at home as if they allowed their killer to enter . In 1946 , police cornered what they believed to be such an animal in a cabin in Glacier National Park . They shot it but when they went in to retrieve the carcass they found only the body of Richard Watkins . Sounds like the Parker scenario . The murders stopped that year . Because the cases were unsolved and so bizarre Hoover locked them away hoping that people around here would forget about them . This file indicates that they started again in 1954 . And ' 59 , ' 64 , ' 78 , and now again in ' 94 but ... Here it comes . These animal-man related murders predate the oldest X-File by 150 years . Members of the Lewis and Clark expedition wrote of Indian men who could change their shape into that of a wolf . What this folder describes is called lycanthropy . It 's a type of insanity in which an individual believes that he can turn into a wolf . I mean , no one can physically change into an animal . How can you just dismiss the evidence ... the tracks in the mud , the shredded skin a man with the teeth of an animal ? Even if you 're right and Joe Goodensnake did somehow have the ability to transform physically into an animal he 's dead . Jim Parker shot him . In a couple of moments his body will be burned . End of mystery . Let 's hope so . You don 't belong here . Gwen ... You 're around to wrap up your investigation . I just wanted to say I 'm sorry about your brother . I feel sad for anyone who loses a part of their family . A part ? He was my whole family . I 'm it now . As a demonstration of sorrow I 'm supposed to give away all my brother 's possessions . Gwen , I don 't know what to say . It 's no big deal . He had more possessions than he had friends . I read the report of your investigation into the Goodensnake homicide . It was very good . It was thorough , professional . But what I want to know is off the record . What do you think really happened ? Your explanation , Agent Mulder is lying on that burial platform . Why don 't you just accept that and go home ? Charley , do you believe in shape-shifting ? This is a funeral . ( drums beating ) ( man chanting ) ( group chanting ) ( chanting ) ( chanting continues ) - Get out ! - I want to show my respects . I don 't want your respects . I want your heart to grow cold . I want you to feel what I 'm feeling ! I think you better leave , Mr. Parker . I wish your brother could be here . I wish that more than anything else . ( faint growl ) ( clinking ) ( growling ) By the way the body 's been mutilated I 'd say he 's been attacked by a large predator or somebody wanted it to look that way . Do you think this is retaliation for the death ofJoe Goodensnake ? I don 't know . Have you talked to Gwen Goodensnake ? She seemed pretty upset last night . She 's gone . Nobody has seen her since the funeral . I 've put an A.P.B. Out on her . And what about Lyle Parker ? We can 't find him either . He could be dead as well . I 'll take a look around . ( growling ) ( growls ) ( scully gasping ) That 's not from any animal I 've ever seen . Sheriff , I think it 's time we had a talk . An exchange of ideas ? Scully : Mulder ! I 'm taking Lyle to the hospital . He 's suffering from exposure . When he 's been checked out I 'm gonna question him . What are you hiding ? I thought it was over . Over ? Is that why you wouldn 't allow an autopsy on Joe Goodensnake 's body ? You thought it would all end when he was cremated ? What were you afraid we 'd find ? I can 't tell you but I 'll take you to somebody who can . I 'm ashamed to say it after what happened at the funeral . I picked up some bourbon and I don 't remember a thing after that . Sometimes , when I 'm down I go out to where me and my dad keep stray animals that wander in on the ranch . I just watch them , you know . Keeps things in perspective . Anyway ... my mom ... when she was alive ... was the one that started keeping those animals . I guess I go out there and think about her too . God , I must have been really wasted to run around there naked . You must have thought I was one of those animals . When you did go home , did you talk to your father ? No . He 'd have been mad I even went to the funeral . I ... I have ... an image of him sitting on the front porch but ... I don 't remember talking to him . Why ? Your father is dead . I 'm sorry . ( sighing ) It appears as if he 's been ... attacked by an animal , but ... I suspect it may be homicide . Lyle , I lost my father recently and I know how overwhelming ... Was it my fault ? By going to the funeral did it anger them into killing my father ? I don 't know . I can deal with death . You know , living on the ranch , being close to nature and all you see how it all works . Things are born . Things die . Everything else falls in between . But if I caused it ... If I brought it on I couldn 't , uh ... I ... I ... I saw it once with my own eyes . It was a long time ago . It seemed like a dream . I was a boy . Was that 1946 ? The Watkins case ? I sense you 're different , F.B.I. You 're more open to Native American belief than some Native Americans . You even have an Indian name ... Fox . You should be Running Fox or Sneaky Fox . Just as long as it 's not Spooky Fox . Tell me , Ish ... what did you see ? Watkins had been attacked by an animal when he was alone in the woods . His scars healed . It was forgotten . Then the murders began . The Tregoes ... we realized that Watkins had been attacked by what the Algonquins call the manitou an evil spirit capable of changing a man into a beast . To be attacked by a manitou causes the victim to become one . The healed scars on Joe Goodensnake 's body . The manitou overtakes a man by night , not by full moon but when its blood lust builds to uncontrollable level the man changes to a sickening creature . It kills , releasing a savage energy . The man returns to his true self unaware of what has happened . The cycle begins anew the next day . This continues until death . One night when I was 16 years old I was coming back from fishing in the Cut Bank Creek . I knew a shortcut behind Watkins ' house . There was a ... a groan . Not animal , but not human . I looked into his window . He was covered in sweat and blood . He was in a great , great pain . His arm ... the skin ripped . It tore up and fell to the floor . Claws sprang from his fingernails . He turned , screaming and he saw me . His eyes ... his eyes were still human . They begged me to kill him and if I had been hunting and had my gun I 'd have done it without a second thought . But being a boy , and scared to death I ran away . Shortly after , the police killed him . But the manitou rose again . Eight years later . But with Watkins dead how could there have been an attack by a manitou ? Watkins had a son . It could be passed along bloodlines . Gwen . LfJoe Goodensnake was this creature then perhaps it didn 't originate in him by the first attack but was handed down through the bloodlines . Gwen could have it also . Gwen could have killed Parker . ( low metallic clank ) ( engine starting ) Gwen ! No , no , no ... ! Charley : You 're under arrest for stealing Ish 's car . What happened ? What are you running from ? I saw it . I saw it kill Parker . Let her up . I went there after the funeral . I was going to mess up the kid . So I waited . Parker was on the porch . Then this thing , this animal ... Oh , my God ! ( sobbing ) I 've never been so scared . I ran , and I hid in the woods all day . I wanted to get out ... I wanted to get out of here . I wanted to get out of here . Bring her inside . ( crying ) Thank you . Hello . This is DoctorJoseph . This is Agent Mulder from the F.B.I. I was told I could reach Agent Scully at this number . We released Lyle Parker from the hospital . She 's taking him back to the ranch . I can reach her there ? Uh-huh . They just left . There 's something I feel you should know . I received the blood tests performed on Lyle Parker and there 's something rather unsettling . What 's that ? Traces of his father 's blood type . It can only be there through ingestion . Power 's out . Yep . Happens to us all the time being out here in the sticks . I 'll fire up the generator . ( gasps ) You okay ? I feel sick . Please , help me into the bathroom . Damn . Keeps disconnecting . The mountains must be blocking the signal . How much farther ? About seven miles . ( gasping ) Lyle , let me come in . Lyle , I want to take you back to the hospital . Okay ? No ! I 'll be all right . ( gasping ) ( gasping ) Lyle ? Lyle , answer me . ( gasping ) Lyle , are you all right ? ( grunts ) ( roaring ) ( grunts ) ( growls ) ( yelling ) ( gasps ) ( whispering loudly : ) Scully ! ( growls ) ( growling ) ( gunshots ) ( growls ) Aah ! It 's okay . It 's me . I don 't know what happened . Something jumped me downstairs . I lost my gun . I heard it come up here . Come on . Okay . ( growling ) ( gunshot ) You all right ? Oh , my God . He was in the bathroom sick and then we were attacked by the mountain lion . Mulder : It wasn 't a mountain lion . Charley : It 's still in a cage . Where 's Gwen ? She said she 'd come see us before we left . She left last night . Gave away all her possessions to her friends . Just pulled up and left ? Why ? Her brother 's gone , no family . Trouble with Parker is all over . Maybe she saw something that she wasn 't ready to understand . Maybe . Well , thank you . F.B.I. See you in about ... eight years . I hope not .
