 We can expect mild weather along the Atlantic Seaboard . And here 's Matthew with his report . Well , Deborah , Stock prices fell for the third consecutive session today ... amid continued worries about the prospect of higher interest rates . The DowJones Industrial Average fell almost 14 ½ points to 38 , 37 ... bringing the Blue Chip Index 's losses over the last three days to just under a hundred points . Nine One One Operator . Police emergency . This is Dr. Saul Grissom . There 's a fire outside my apartment . I 'm trapped . Are you at 700 East 56th Street ? Yes , apartment 606 . For God 's sake , hurry ! Fire units are being ... Somebody help ! Help ! That 's right . Please keep moving , sir . I don 't see any smoke anywhere . Get a crew up to the roof . This is Lieutenant Regan . We have a possible 23 false alarm ... in apartment 606 . Let 's confirm that location . Six-zero-six . Yes , that 's affirmative ... six-oh-six . It 's cold . Let 's do it ! I 'll check the bedroom . He looks dead . Nothing here . Nine One One Operator . Police emergency . This is Dr. Saul Grissom . There 's a fire outside my apartment . I 'm trapped . Are you at 700 East 56th Street ? Yes , apartment 606 . For God 's sake , hurry ! Fire units are being dispatched right now , sir . Please stay on the line . The article makes no mention of the fire . Yes , Agent Mulder . I can read . Grissom 's company had a number of government contracts , which would place this investigation within the Bureau 's jurisdiction . But that 's not why you want the assignment . I think that the circumstances surrounding Grissom 's death ... warrant a closer look . I called N.Y.P.D. , but they won 't even talk to me ... unless you get the attorney general to sign off on it . Where did you get the tape ? Presumably , someone has led you to believe there 's more here than is being reported . My source ... the only one ... I 've ever trusted ... is dead . I 'll look into this further and , uh , let you know . In the meantime , you have 24 hours of wiretap tape that need to be transcribed . You comin ' over , or what ? You said you was comin ' over two hours ago ... and I 'm waitin ' here like some stupid bimbo who ain 't got nothin ' better to do ... ... waitin ' here like some stupid bimbo ... who ain 't got nothin ' better to do with my time ... than just sit around and wait for someone like you . Agent Mulder . Yeah . It 's your 302 . Assistant Director Skinner just approved it . There 's a mistake here . There 's been another agent assigned to the case . That would be me . Krycek , Alex Krycek . Skinner didn 't say anything about taking on a partner . It wasn 't Skinner . Actually , I opened the file about two hours before your request , so , technically , it 's my case . And you already talked to the police ? Yeah . Just hung up on the officer in charge a few minutes ago . A detective named ... Horton . Turns out Grissom called 911 to report a fire . I heard the tape . Did you hear that Forensics found a spent fire extinguisher on the floor ? Grissom 's prints were all over it . The walls and floor in his living room ... were covered with ammonium phosphate . - But no trace of fire ? - Not even a burnt match . - Is that all you know ? - Yeah , so far . What do you think it means ? Listen , I appreciate the show-and-tell ... and I don 't want you to take this personally , but I work alone . - I 'll straighten things out with Skinner . - It 's my case , Agent Mulder . Look , I may be green , but I had the case first , so I 'm not gonna give it away so quickly . All right , I 'll tell you what . I got some work to finish up around here . Why don 't you go down to the motor pool and requisition us a car ... and I 'll ... I 'll meet you down there . That 's all ? I mean , you don 't have a problem with us working together ? Hey , it 's your party . I 'll , uh , I 'll get the car . Electrocution affects electrolytic conduction , disrupting the heartbeat and most of the autonomic systems . Death actually occurs from tissue damage ... necrosis ... in the heart itself , particularly in the sinus and atrioventricular nodes . Agent Scully . Sorry to interrupt , but you have a call from a George Hale . - He says it 's urgent . - Excuse me . - Where are you ? - National Airport . Catching the shuttle up to La Guardia in about half an hour . How do you feel about joining me in the big apple for an autopsy ? - What 's going on ? - I was hoping you could tell me . I can 't do it today . My last class isn 't over until 4 : 30 . Oh , that 's fine . I can have the M.E. Wrap the body to go . - Mulder . - You 'll get it by 5 : 00 . What 's the name ? Dr. Grissom 's alpha-wave analysis defined the standard . He revolutionized the way we think about sleep . His death is a tremendous loss to the scientific community . How many other kinds of sleep disorder did he treat ? There are 38 different dyssomnias and parasomnias . Dr. Grissom treated them all with one unprecedented success ratio . Maintaining that kind of batting average must have taken its toll . Excellence demands certain sacrifices . - Did he ever show any signs of psychological stress ? - Not really , - except for his own occasional bout of insomnia . - But he was never delusional ? - Of course not . What 's his story ? This patient 's night terrors prevent him from cycling out of REM sleep ... into the more restful slow-wave sleep . It 's still experimental , but what we 're trying to do is modify his brain-wave patterns externally . - How do you do that ? - Electrical stimulation of the occipital lobe ... creates simple visual and auditory hallucinations . So it 's actually possible to alter somebody 's dreams ? In theory , yes . I paid off your cab . You know , I don 't appreciate being ditched like someone 's bad date . Sorry if I hurt your feelings . Where do you get off copping this attitude ? I mean , you don 't know the first thing about me . - Exactly . - You know , back at the academy ... some of the guys used to make fun of you . Oh , stop it or you 're gonna hurt my feelings . But there were some of us who followed your work and believed what you were doing ... because we knew there was more out there than they were telling us . Yeah . Dr. Grissom didn 't die from cardiac arrest . - Well , what is it ? - I think you should come back up here ... and take a look for yourself . I haven 't even started on the chest and the abdomen yet ... and I 'll have a lot more to tell you then . I can make it in two hours . Where are we going ? Spleen or pancreas ? Stomach . I was just about to start on it . Oh , uh , this is Alex Krycek . - We 're working the case together . - Good to meet you . You too . - Notice the pugilistic attitude of the corpse . This condition generally occurs several hours after death . It 's caused by a coagulation of muscle proteins ... when the body is exposed to extremely high temperatures . Like fire ? This degree of limb flexion ... is observed exclusively in burn-related victims . But there was no fire . And no epidermal burns to indicate as much . But when I opened up the skull , I found extradural hemorrhages which can only be caused by intense heat . Somehow , this man suffered all of the secondary ... but none of the primary physiological responses to having been in a fire . Any theories ? I can 't even begin to explain what could have caused something like this . I mean , it 's almost as if ... What ? As if his body believed ... that it was burning . ... this star burst with sapphire and cubic zirconium baguettes , all in a 14-karat gold band . Now , normally this ring retails for 1350 . Well , I think it would be a value at 900 . - I saw it in a big department store last week for $ 1,000 . But you are not going to believe what we are offering it to you for . Six seventy-seven . I think ... Isn 't that wonderful ? You left the door open , Willig . Preacher ? Not a good idea leaving your door open in this neighborhood . You never know who 's gonna drop by . Damn . What are you doing here ? How long you been in town ? Not long . Want a beer ? How you doing , Henry ? Huh ? Huh ? How you been ? How am I doing ? I 'm , uh , trying to forget , you know ? I 'm ... trying to get it out of my head . No luck , huh ? No . I 'm , uh , still fighting it , you know ? I keep seeing the faces . Every day ... I see ... Aw , what 's the difference ? We 're all going to hell , right ? Where do you think we 've been the last 24 years ? But after this , wherever He sends us is gonna seem like ... like an Hawaiian vacation . What do you want here , Preacher ? You killed him , didn 't you ? You killed Grissom . I saw it on TV . He had to pay , Henry . All of us have to answer for what we ... did over there . Can 't get away from it . No . He retains not His anger forever , because He delights in mercy . He will turn again . He will have compassion on us . He will subdue our iniquities , Henry . And He will cast off our sins into the depths of the sea . It 's all right , Henry . It 's all over now . The victim 's name was Henry Willig . Unemployed . Lived on disability . The police found no indication of forced entry or struggle . No abrasions or contusions or trace elements in the body and ... cause of death is being listed as ... burst aneurysm . So why did your friend from Homicide call us ? 'Cause the medical examiner called him . The autopsy revealed ... forty-three small internal hemorrhages and skeletal fragments ... which doesn 't just happen spontaneously . Not without some kind of corresponding external trauma . What does the M.E. Have to say about it ? He said if he didn 't know otherwise , he 'd swear they were gunshot wounds . What 's this scar right here ? According to his medical history , the only surgery he ever had was an appendectomy . Well , unless they got to his appendix through his neck ... Maybe it happened in Vietnam . Willig did a tour with the Marines in 1970 , and I 'm sure they didn 't keep the best records . - Willig was a Marine ? - Yeah . So where do all Marines receive basic training on the East Coast ? Parris Island . Where Grissom was stationed from 1968 to 1971 . Which means that he and Willig were there at the same time . Twenty four years ago . Here we go . Willig was assigned to Special Force and Recon Squad J-7 . Of 13 original members , he 's one of two survivors . Until yesterday . Which leaves us with one person who can tell us what happened at Parris Island . I 've been supervising Mr. Cole 's treatment ... since I admitted him 12 years ago . Afraid you won 't find him very cooperative , though . We just want to ask him a few questions about his military service . He doesn 't respond very well to ... authority figures . Is that why you put him in isolation ? We 've had to house Mr. Cole in this section of the ward ... because he was interfering with our treatment of the other patients . How was he interfering ? He was disrupting their sleep patterns . For psychiatric patients especially , it 's critical that their circadian cycles be strictly maintained . Excuse me . But exactly how would Cole disrupt their sleep ? Here we are . Mr. Cole . There 's some gentlemen here to ... - You discharged him two days ago . - I most certainly did not . Don 't you think I 'd remember if I did ? Well , I was on shift , Doctor , and you signed the order yourself . That is your signature , isn 't it ? Let 's get Cole 's face out on the wire . - Mulder . - Mr. Mulder . I 've obtained information that might shed some light on your current work . But you must exercise discretion when we meet . If anyone follows you , I won 't be there . Who are you ? Who I am is irrelevant . Why are you trying to help me ? Do you think I want to be here , Agent Mulder ? I don 't want to be here . - What is this ? - Data from a top-secret military project , born of the idea that sleep is a soldier 's greatest enemy . Grissom was conducting sleep deprivation experiments on Parris Island ? Not deprivation , eradication . - Why ? - Why else ? To build a better soldier . Sustained wakefulness dulls fear , heightens aggression . Science had just put a man on the moon . So they looked to science to win a losing war . And Willig and Cole were the lab rats ? Lab rats with the highest kill ratio in the Marine Corps . Four thousand plus confirmed kills ... for a 13-man squad . You think Cole 's behind what 's happening now ? I 'm not here to do your thinking , Agent Mulder . All I know is Augustus Cole ... hasn 't slept in 24 years . There 's someone else you should see . Another member of the squad who was reportedly killed in action . - I thought Cole was the last . - His name is on the envelope . - So , how do I contact you ? - You can 't . - I may need more . - You still don 't get it , do you ? Closing the X-Files and separating you and Scully was only the beginning . The truth is still out there , but it 's never been more dangerous . The man we both knew ... paid for that information with his life , a sacrifice I 'm not willing to make . Where were you ? Someone matching Cole 's description just robbed a drug store in Queens , - and the police have located him in a motel around the corner . - Is he alive ? He was when the night manager saw him . So where were you ? Detective Horton . I 'm Agent Krycek . This is Agent Mulder . I 've been waiting for you guys . I tried holding the SWAT guys back , but they 're getting a little antsy . For whatever it 's worth , Cole didn 't steal dime one from that drug store . - Just a bunch of pills . - Freeze ! Inside , now ! Officer down ! We 've got two officers down , both critical . Requesting emergency vehicles immediately . Roger . I copy on your officers down . Paramedics requested . What 's going on here , Mulder ? These two officers , they shot each other . Also described in the report is a highly experimental neurosurgical procedure ... designed to induce a permanent waking state . The procedure involved cutting part of the brain stem in the midpontile region . Which would explain Henry Willig 's scar . A similar scar should also be evident on Augustus Cole . Post-op treatment included a regimen of synthetic supplements ... to replenish the organic deficits caused by prolonged lack of sleep . This is consistent with the antidepressants Cole robbed from the pharmacy . These drugs maintain serotonin levels in the blood , serotonin being the primary substance produced during sleep . While it is theoretically possible ... that this procedure greatly diminished the subject 's need for sleep , I can neither quantify nor substantiate its success ... without further clinical evidence . Scully . The second officer is still in a coma so I don 't think we can count on him ... to tell us what happened . I 'm going over these reports you faxed me . They 're incredible . Well , the military already sent troops through radioactive mushroom clouds . I guess they figured they had to top themselves , right ? Sleep eradication still doesn 't explain the shooting of those two officers . Or the anomalous autopsy results on Willig and Dr. Grissom . Well , I learned something at Grissom 's clinic about what happens to a person 's cortex ... when you stimulate it with electricity . They experience mild visual and auditory hallucinations . Any first-year med student can tell you that . Well , what if that stimulus were to come from a remote source ? What if Cole has somehow developed the ability to project his unconscious ? Are you suggesting that Cole killed those people with telepathic images ? Think about it , Scully . In all those years without REM sleep , maybe Cole built a bridge between the waking world and the dream world ... the collective unconscious . And what if , by existing consciously in the unconscious world , he 's developed the ability to externalize his dreams ... and effectively alter reality ? Even if you 're right , you 'll have a much better chance of finding Cole if you work up a profile ... and try and surmise his next move . All right . I 'll sharpen my pencils and I 'll see you later . I 'll be right there , Krycek . Where are you going ? We 're gonna check on another member of the squad ... see if he can tell us something about Cole . Sounds like your new partner is working out . He 's all right . He could use a little more seasoning ... and some , uh , wardrobe advice , but he 's a lot more open to extreme possibilities than ... - Than I was ? - Than I assumed he would be . Must be nice not having someone questioning your every move , poking holes in all your theories . Oh , yeah , it 's great . I 'm surprised I put up with you for so long . You better go . I 'll , uh , read over this report again ... and see what else I can come up with . Okay . Later , Sal . Salvatore Matola ? You gonna shoot me ? You gonna kill me ? No . We 're with the F.B.I. We just wanted to ask you some questions . Why did you think we were here to kill you ? I don 't know . You know about Willig and Grissom , huh ? I read about it in the paper . I figured they were finally killing us all off . Who ? Sal , can you spare a few minutes ? Yeah , I guess so . I got a break coming up . Spare a few minutes ... I guess ... They said it 'd be like living two lifetimes . And that ... at first th-that 's what it was like . Not having to sleep and all ... made us feel like nothing could touch us , you know ? Uh , we 'd do 24-hour patrols , night ambushes , you know , - that type of thing . - And you never got tired ? No . Not so that we had to sleep . And then , nothing that the pills couldn 't fix . - Serotonin ? - Yeah . How long did this go on ? Quite a while . I 'd say ... Quite a while , uh , until we stopped taking orders ... from Company Commander in Saigon . The entire squadron went AWOL ? Yeah , something like that . Well , then who did you take orders from ? We didn 't . We just made up missions as we went along . You know , till it didn 't matter anymore who we were killing ... Farmers , women . Outside of Phu Bai there was this ... school . And , uh , they were just kids . No one ever tried to stop you ? No , sir . We suspect Augustus Cole may be behind the murders of Willig and Grissom . You mean Preacher ? Th-That 's what we used to call him ... on account of that he was always reading from his Bible , you know . Saying this and that aboutJudgment Day . Saying that one day we were going to have to pay for what we were doing . That-That 's ... what he said back then . That-That 's what he 'd say . But why Grissom ? He was never in country . He wasn 't even part of the squadron . Sure , he was . He made us what we are . Him and Dr. Girardi . - Who 's Dr. Girardi ? - The other doc ... on the project . The one who did the surgeries on us . It 's because of him ... that ... I haven 't slept a night in 24 years . I 'm still not clear why you think Cole will go after Girardi . Cole sees himself as a kind of avenging angel . In his mind , everyone responsible for the atrocities ... whether directly or indirectly ... must be punished . Yeah , but why now ? Why after all these years ? Phu Bai was one of the bloodiest massacres of the war ... Over 300 children slaughtered . But unlike My Lai , no U.S. Troops were ever charged . The 24th anniversary of the massacre was two days ago . Mulder . I think I found the Francis Girardi you 're looking for . He 's a professor of neurosurgery at Harvard . Do you have his number in Boston ? Yes , except he 's coming to New York for Grissom 's funeral . - When ? - Tonight . He 's arriving at Bronx Station on the 7 : 30 train . Well , try to have a photograph waiting for us at the security desk ... so we know who we 're looking for , okay ? Got it . Mulder , F.B.I. You got a photo for me ? Right here . Stay here . I 'll cover the other side . Federal Agent . Drop your weapon ! Drop it ! Mulder . You all right ? Girardi ! Where is he ? Girardi 's not here . I saw him . He was ... Mulder . You were shouting and waving your gun around , but Girardi never showed . No . Girardi was here , and so was Cole . We just missed them . Mulder , if they had been here , I would have seen them . I 'm telling you , Mulder , they weren 't here . Okay , there 's nothing here so let 's rewind the tape . Start with a small window of time , say 19 : 35 to 19 : 45 . If you don 't find anything within that time frame , then open it up one minute at a time . With all these cameras we should be able to see something . Can we talk for a second ? What 's the problem ? Well , you still haven 't answered my question about what happened . I told you . I thought I saw Girardi . But come on , you just about killed someone back there . We both know I 'm covering for you by keeping it between us . All right , what do you want to know ? Just the truth . There 's things you 're not telling me that I need to know . Yeah . It 's just that my ideas aren 't very popular . I told you . I want to believe , but I need a place to start . I think that Cole possesses the psychic ability ... to manipulate sounds and images to generate illusions ... that are so convincing they can kill . How 's that for a theory ? Puts a whole new spin on virtual reality , but at least it begins to explain some things . Agent Mulder . See this car in the upper right corner ? Yeah . It wasn 't there five minutes ago . Where is this ? That 's track 17 . It 's a restricted part of the yard . What are you doing ? This is insane . You can 't do this to me . You can 't hold me responsible . I was following orders . Just like you . - The Lord hates a lying tongue . - It 's the truth . The truth is what you did to us ... what you made us do . No one made you do anything . You volunteered . The righteous shall rejoice when he sees the vengeance . Who is it ? Who 's there ? He shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked . Who is it ? I can 't see without my glasses . You don 't need to see to know who it is . You know who it is ! You shall pay ... as the judges determine . You shall give life for life , eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot , burn for burn , wound for wound , strike for strike . As he has disfigured a man , so shall he be disfigured . And he who kills a man , shall be put to death . He 's still alive . Put pressure on the wound on the back of his neck and radio for help . Now ! Uh , this is Agent Krycek requesting emergency assistance . My location is track 17 in a freight warehouse . Step away from the edge . Corporal Cole , I 'm a federal agent . Now please step back . Go ahead . Shoot me . That 's not why I came up here . I 'm putting down my gun . I just wanted to talk to you for a few minutes . - After that you 're free to do whatever you want . - I 'm tired . - I know . - No , man . You don 't know . You have no idea . One minute is all I 'm asking . A minute 's more than I care to give . The blood 's boiling in my veins . I can feel the air stinging on my skin . What the military did to you was wrong , but maybe your testimony can help . They cut out a piece of my brain . They made me into somebody else . And I can never get back what they took away from me . But I can stop them from taking anything more . Krycek , put down the gun and get out of here . Krycek , I said put down the gun ... and get out of here . No ! Good ... night . He had a gun . He was going to shoot you . You did the right thing . They broke into my office , went through my files , my computer . I came down as soon as security called , but the report was already gone . Someone went to a lot of trouble stealing both our copies ... - to keep this a secret . - I know . But without that report as evidence , Skinner 's not going to authorize an investigation . He said it 's never been more dangerous . Skinner ? The man who leaked us the report . The one who 's been helping us . You actually met with him ? He said that closing down the X-Files was just the beginning ... that we 've never been in greater danger . Do you trust him ? Do you know where he got this ? Not yet . But he got it . Which means he 's either found another source , or another source has found him . Sir , if I can recommend something . You 'll see that I 've outlined several countermeasures . What about Scully ? Reassigning them to other sections ... seems only to have strengthened their determination . Scully 's a problem . A much larger problem than you described . Every problem has a solution .
