 [ grunting ] [ screaming ] You say you make me someone to love . You trick Bizarro . Now you die . Oh , no , no , one more chance , please . No more chance . [ choking ] Superboy . Glad to see me , Luthor ? It 's a mixed blessing . You 're right . Luthor trick me . Me kill him . No ! Lex , let 's get out of here . Are you crazy ? I gotta see this . Look , if Bizarro wins , you 're gonna get killed . If Superboy wins , we 're going back to jail . Now let 's go . - Maybe they 'll kill each other . Bizarro , listen . I need your help . Why you not let me kill Luthor ? He want to kill you . Because I 'm not a murderer like he is . And neither are you . All me want to be is happy . It 's not fair . My plan was perfect , flawless , except for a little That 's easy enough to fix , but why did Bizarro Darla fall for me instead of him ? I did . I guess you 're just an irresistible kind of guy . You are just so ... Wait a minute . That 's it . [ laughs ] That 's it ! What ? What did I say ? All I have to do is create is a Bizarro bride out of someone who loves Superboy . Come on , babe , we 're back in business . Genius . The man 's a genius . Sun Tower Building . You think you saw We 'll get right on it . Just as soon as we check out 50 other places Bizarro 's supposed to be . [ telephone rings ] Hello , Bureau . Uh-huh . He did what to you ? - [ taps on glass ] - Kid , what do you I was just collating some files . Don 't you ever pay attention to me , Kent ? - Sir . - Take the day off , I said yesterday and here you are . To tell you the truth , I was just a little You and the whole city , but there 's nothing you I 'm beginning to think you might be right . Any word on Luthor , sir ? Luthor ? What 's he got to do with this ? He 's got the duplicator . Luthor ? How would you know that ? I keep my ears open . If Luthor 's got that machine , there 's no telling what A rather bizarre incident early today has left district and his family homeless . Police say O 'Dell accepted of unusual white flowers , started to leave for work - burst into flames ... - It 's like a feeding Eyewitnesses saw a white delivery van in the area I got what I could . Look at this . Now authorities say this is not an isolated In the past few hours , there have been several seemingly random incidents of exploding white flowers . - Bizarro duplicates . - Looks that way . Just like the birds . Investigators ask anyone with information or any of these incidents ... Good evening , ladies and gentlemen . Lex Luthor here . So sorry for the interruption , but I thought you might like for all of these lovely floral arrangements . The bad news is these are just the first of many Observe if you please . With this nifty little device , I can duplicate absolutely anything , flowers , birds , why even a child 's baby doll . It drinks . It wets . It cries . It blinks its eyes . It ... - [ explosion ] - Whoa ! ... is not at all what it appears to be . It 's a combustible simulation . And here 's the really scary part . Tonight at midnight , I 'm going to aim my at a communications satellite right into the homes of all you late night TV viewers . At last , a long lost twin to call my very own , for a while at least . And then ... [ imitates explosion ] [ laughs ] But I 'm a reasonable guy . And I 'm perfectly willing to call this whole thing off just as soon as Superboy surrenders to me , if he can find me . [ laughs ] So there you have it , Superboy . Your life in exchange for all those hundreds of thousands of lives out there in TV land . You decide . [ Luthor ] Better hurry , Superboy . [ imitates explosion ] Lex , but you 're talking on ... Ahh , but was it live or was it Memor-Lex ? [ laughs ] I 'm not taking any chances . Why would Luthor want Superboy to find him ? He 'll take him straight to prison . Not with all that Kryptonite around . Well , look , we probably better get back . They 're gonna need all the help they can get Sure . What about Lana ? Maybe I should wait for her . Don 't wait too long . Make yourself comfy , my dear . We 'll be ready for you in a moment . For what ? Once again , you 're the key to Lex , if you think you can blackmail Superboy ... No , no , no . This has nothing This is all about what makes the world go ' round . Get her ready . You 're a hard man to find , Bizarro . What do you want ? I need your help . Kryptonite doesn 't affect you . Why I help you ? Why I help anyone ? Look , I know what you 're going through . You not know . Yes , I do . Don 't you think I have wishing I were normal ? But I 'm not . We 're not . Why you saying we the same ? Because we are . No one else can understand what it 's like when you and you watch them cringe because they 're afraid you 'll crush it . Me not stupid . Me see difference . That why people hate Bizarro ? That why Bizarro hate them ? No , we have a gift , both of us . And we have to use it to help them , even if they don 't understand us . All me want is love . Don 't you think I want it , too ? But the truth is neither one of us but we can 't just walk away . Bizarro can . Go , leave me alone . Luthor ! Everything 's ready . Just a matter of ... Bizarro , welcome . Bizarro kill you now . Whoa , wait , wait , wait . You 're gonna kill the only man who can make your dreams come true ? You try to trick Bizarro again . But if you kill me , you 'll never know . You don 't want to take that chance . Trust me . It 's seems something or someone , I wonder who , has moved the satellite . Gosh , I never would have expected that . [ laughs ] Don 't you ever even think about using a door ? It 's midnight . I 'm here . So you are . Very prompt and very brave , considering you know I got the Kryptonite . Gee , I wish I could admire that . This time , however , I 'm opting for a certain irony in having you meet your end at the hands of a friend . Bizarro . [ wincing ] I know just how you feel . I hate family reunions . You tell me , Luthor is bad man . He is . But he make Bizarro happy . No explosion thanks to the miracle of Bizarro Kryptonite . - Superboy . - Lana . Where do you think you 're going ? Bizarro , no . He 's trying to trick you again . No tricks . This is payment in full . One everlasting mate made-to-order Now it 's time for you to fulfill your half Bizarro , don 't do it . I 'm sorry , but me make deal . Bizarro , stop . You 're not a killer . Kill him . Lana am right . If you 're a killer like Luthor , me no love you . What do I have to get for this guy , Squeaky Fromme ? Hey , whoa , whoa , whoa . Wait a minute . Bizarro , baby , what do you think We had a deal ! Even if me can 't keep her , me want her to love Bizarro . - Contingency plan . - Right . Go get ' em , guys . They 're smoking . Didn 't you treat him with the Bizarro Kryptonite ? No , I thought you were supposed to do that . Bizarro am sorry . Luthor confuse me . I know . Lex ? He didn 't come out . I can 't say for sure . Where 's evil man ? Luthor do one good thing . He make Bizarro happy at last . [ music playing ]
