 [ announcer ] Rocketed from a distant planet to a bold new destiny on Earth . Found by a Kansas family and raised as Clark Kent , he learned he possessed a strength of steel , the speed of light , and the desire to help all mankind . He is Superboy . OK , stop the train . [ brakes squeal ] Move the van in . [ men speak indistinctly ] Winston , this is stupid . You 're risking everything . We 're in a new country now . Things will not be handed to us like they were in Saint Ephrem . But there are easier ways . That is how I do things . If you object to that , there are others who could easily take your place . Is everything in order ? Yes boss , everything is ready . Good . Get rid of the witnesses . But don 't use your bullets . Run him down with this truck . All right , you heard the man . Let 's go . - [ men chattering ] - Everybody up . Down on your knees . [ blowing ] Where are you from ? Not a word out of them . They 're soldiers . The question is who 's . Captain , Superboy ... Something you should see . Wow , that was the person that was in the car when Superboy blew it up . I checked it . I x-rayed it . There wasn 't anyone in that car . Any idea who it is ? Only ID we found was this ring . And there 's something else ... Got an eye witness here . I 'm not sure I can be any help . Just tell us what you saw . I 'm lookin ' out my window , and that black guy , he must 've been scared because he jumped in the car ... And the next thing , Superboy blows that truck right on top of him and the whole thing goes up in flames . The guy was screaming something awful . I didn 't hear anything . I thought for sure you were gonna save him . Look , can I go ? We 're going to need a written statement . Yeah . OK , sure . Don 't worry , Superboy . [ men chatter ] [ music plays ] [ music stops ] First of all , let me say that we have been dealt a blow from which we can never fully recover . - [ man 1 ] Yes . - [ man 2 ] That 's right . Winston was a good man and a close friend . I intend to keep his dream alive . As a leader , however , he was too cautious . A mistake I won 't make . We will take all the Capitol City halls and mar . What is the first step , man . We will build an indestructible army from the streets . I 'm sure the Capitol City like Saint Ephrem , has its share of opportunists . Yeah , man . But what about Superboy ? We did not have nothing like him in Saint Ephrem . Superboy deals in incidents . My interests go beyond petty theft and gang warfare . [ men ] Yeah ! Yeah ! You have a comment , brother ? Yes , indeed . When we left the island our ranks became meaningless . I could just as easily be leader as you . So , what do you propose ? We 're in America , man . - We should vote for our leader . - [ man ] Yeah , we should vote . I don 't think these men want to be led by you . Some have said that you are weak , ineffectual . But you on the other hand , my friend , are strong , right ? You are strong and healthy . Most definitely . Then a toast ... to you . A toast to my strong , healthy opponent . [ choking ] Now ... would anyone else care for a refreshment ? [ men laugh ] Look at this . No ID on him ... except that ring . They think maybe he was an illegal alien , or some homeless person . Or he could 've just been with that gang that was trying to rob the arms truck . It doesn 't matter . Somebody died . Someone who didn 't have to . And it was Superboy 's fault . No , it wasn 't . A crime was being committed , and if it 's anyone 's fault , it 's the criminals . In fact , that 's what the law says . Yeah , that 's what it says , all right . Taking this kind of personally . Think how Superboy must feel . Believe me , that 's all I 've been thinking about . Where you going ? Out . [ man ] Hey you guys , don 't forget that rocket launcher . So , you know , this is easier than Winston 's way . Come back anytime . So long as you 've got cash , the US Army 's got a faulty inventory system . Oh , thank you very much . Hold it ! [ clicks ] [ woman gasps , screams ] Please , no ... You 'll be all right . - Put the gun down . - Move back . - Superboy , please . - Could happen again , couldn 't it ? Another human being could die because of you . Or doesn 't that matter now that you 've tasted blood ? Let her go . Nobody needs to get hurt . Well , in that case , I suggest you move back . 'Cause if you don 't , something terrible could happen to this lady . - Something like this . - [ sobs ] And then that 'll be more blood on your hands . - OK . - Superboy ... [ screams ] All right . [ chuckles ] Are you all right ? How could you let it go so far ? He was going to shoot me and you were just standing there . What 's the matter with you ? You scared me . I 'm sorry . Lana , I need to talk to you . Of course . What about ? I don 't know if what I 'm doing is right anymore . I used to think that I was meant to help people . But lately , I don 't know . Are you saying this because of what happened ? Don 't blame yourself for that . I killed him . I have to take responsibility ... But it was an accident . It won 't happen again . I can 't take that chance . I came here to say goodbye . Goodbye ? [ elevator bell dings ] You can 't leave . We need you . Not when I 'm like this , you don 't . I need you . So , that 's my proposal . Your organization joins with us to form a single army . With that strong of force , Capitol City will be brought to its knees . Then my plan will be flawless . So , what is this plan of yours , huh ? It 's not an issue . What I need from you is loyalty . Say , what choice have we got ? - Pardon me ? - You heard me . If we decide not to join you ... what happens to us , huh ? You offend me . I 'm offering you a chance to be part of something big . - Take it or leave it . - No ... I have a hard time believing it 's that easy . There 's the door . [ in Spanish ] You stay out of our way . We stay out of yours . That seems fair . It 's not good to spit in fortune 's face . [ chuckling ] He don 't know what he 's missing , man . He will . [ chickens clucking ] Oh ... [ laughs ] It 's good to see you . How was your bus trip ? It was OK . I got a chance to see the scenery , for a change . A lot slower than what you 're used to , I 'll bet , hm ? I have something to tell you . I killed a man . Yeah , we know , son . We heard about it on the news . It was an accident . It wasn 't your fault . So it doesn 't make any sense for you to give up your powers , because of something like that . I 'm not , I 'll always have them , but ... I 'm not going to use them . Ever again ? You have to . It 's your gift . I 'm just not sure . That 's why I came here . - To think . - Well , good . That 's what home is all about . Let 's go inside . [ reporter ] This is the evening news , I 'm Bob Sokoler . In Capitol City , Florida , there 's been yet another casualty in the catastrophic gang wars that have ravaged that city . Authorities there are concerned by the recent increase in gang related activity , but can offer no explanation other than the influx of new participants into a city already wracked with violence . Hey , don 't shut it off . It 's about Capitol City . Dinner 's ready . More bad news about Capitol City . Certainly seems to be a lot going on down there lately , isn 't there ? There 's a lot going on every where . I can 't be responsible for everything that happens . That 's why you have the police . Hey son , take it easy , take it easy . I didn 't mean to upset you . But people do need you . Every where I go , somebody needs me . That 's because you are who you are . Who am I ? I didn 't ask to be like this . And I can 't help everybody . That 's why I had to turn off the news . I 'd turn it on and hear about some people in Canada stuck in an avalanche . Sure , I could fly up there in a few minutes and rescue them . But while I 'm doing that , there are some fire fighters in the North Sea on an oil rig who are dying in a fire . Or a little girl 's falling down a well . No one expects you to do it all . Don 't they ? Do you realize what it 's like to have so much going on around you all the time and not be able to stop it all ? To always have to choose . I don 't think I can do it anymore . You wanted to see me . Well , yeah , but why 'd you want to meet here for ? What was it you wanted ? I 've been thinkin ' , Llewellyn . What a dangerous thing . - [ chuckles ] - About ? More money . I paid you well the first time . Yeah , I know , I know . But ... I 've been figuring out just how much keepin my mouth shut is worth . I mean , what if the police , what if Superboy found out what really happened ? [ beeping ] It would probably be better if Superboy didn 't find out .
