 [ Narrator ] Rocketed from a distant planet , to a bold new destiny on earth , found by a Kansas family and raised as Clark Kent . He learned he possessed the strength of steel . The speed of light , and the desire to help all mankind . He is ... Superboy . [ speaking Russian ] - [ gasps ] - [ alarm buzzes ] It was so real . And today in the Mideast , the United States has completed it 's deployment of 450,000 troops , which the President says is sufficient to make an offensive strike should negotiations break down . In other local news , the National Alliance for Charitable Services today named Capital City homeless advocate Garrett Waters the organizations new vice president . Waters , whose been in Capital City only a short time was active in charitable causes throughout the world before arriving here . In a ceremony just two weeks ago , Superboy signed one of the declarations of principles that Waters had been circulating . The declaration states that the signatory agrees that all homeless people have the right to food , shelter , and legal assistance . I 've just been informed that the Soviet Union that approximately two hours ago , an American ICBM was sighted over the Maragrad Nuclear Missile Base , six hundred miles northeast of Kabul . All Soviet Forces have been placed on full alert in reaction to what a spokesman called " the latest in a series of American provocations " . Clark , have you read the newspapers ? Who hasn 't ? Well , we could have had another war . Lucky we didn 't . Is there something wrong ? I 'm fine . No , you 're not . You 're still not sleeping , are you ? It 's just a little insomnia , that 's all . I knew I shouldn 't have told you about it . Clark , if you can 't talk to me , who can you talk to ? - I 'm your friend . - I know . I know . But , let 's just forget about it , OK ? Well , will you at least go and start talking to somebody about this ? Yeah , I have . Lee Woods ? What can I do for ya ? It 's about a friend of mine . He 's been having these dreams . Everybody has dreams , what 's that got to do with me ? He 's been seeing things in his dreams . Things that really happen later . Who sent you ? I 'm here on my own , but I work at the Bureau of External Matters . That 's where I found out about you . You guys are like a bad cold , aren 't you ? You never go away . Look , I know you 're psychic . You used to register your dreams and predictions with the bureau . You 're the most accurate one they 've ever had . Yeah , well I don 't do that anymore . - Why not ? - I just don 't . That 's all . But , I really need your help . This is important . Yeah , well it was really important for 246 other people too . A year ago , I had a dream about a plane crash . I saw everything . Airline , flight number , the dates . But , I wasn 't really sure . At least that 's what I told myself . I was so tired of being probed , prodded , and treated like I was some kind of freak , that I convinced myself I wasn 't really sure . So , I didn 't report it . That was flight 281 out of Dayton , remember ? But you didn 't make the plane crash . No , but maybe I could 've stopped it . I didn 't even try . That 's something I got to live with for the rest of my life . So , when you come around here asking about that kind of stuff , I only got one answer for you the door is locked . I don 't let that stuff inside my head anymore . I don 't want the responsibility . Take him down . But you can 't ignore it . You have a power . A power that can help people . Yeah right . You look like an authority on the subject . [ Superboy ] Mr. Waters ? Here 's the last of the donations from the fundraiser , as promised . Great . Great . You 've been such a big help to the organization . I don 't know how to thank you . You don 't have to . You know that petition ? That petition you signed , means a lot to me . I 'm glad to have my name on it . Is everything all right with you ? You seem a little distracted . Maybe a little . I know what you mean , there 's a lot going on in the world right now . A lot to worry about . There always is . I 'll be seeing you again . [ TV reporter ] Furthermore , the latest press briefing this afternoon revealed no comments from officials on the latest incidents . This is David Latham , at the White House . [ TV reporter 2 ] And the State Department will neither confirm nor deny the Soviet premiere 's plan to meet the President . The only item said to be on the agenda is the easing of east-west tensions . To recap , word came out of the Soviet Union earlier ... Superboy ... Superboy ... Superboy , can you hear me ? [ echoes ] Now , just relax . And do everything I tell you to . See how easy it is ? Every step toward Armageddon gets easier and easier . Now , listen carefully . Well , look who 's back . [ TV news plays ] Guess you 're not going to stiff me after all . What ? You took off without paying for your juice . No , I didn 't . I just fell asleep . You took off . Well , how long was I gone ? Two hours . Here , keep the change . Hey , thanks ! And , any time you want to take off on me again , feel free . - Excuse me ? - Yeah ? What 's that all about ? Soviet 's are insisting this was another American provocation . A news bulletin . Something about an oil pipeline . An oil pipeline ? In Russia ? I think so . Are you all right ? And it was broken ? They say we did it , we say we didn 't . How 'd you know ? I don 't know . I don 't know . Hey ... God can still grant you forgiveness . But , only if you abandon your heresy . You are the heretic . Kill me and God will curse you to walk the earth until the world comes to an end . A convicted witch invoking the name of God ? I can 't pray for you . Oh , you 'll pray . You 'll pray for the end of the world , because that will be the only way to end your misery . [ screams ] Honey ? Are you all right ? Are you having those dreams again ? No . I don 't have those dreams anymore . Go back on with sleep . I 'm going to be perfectly frank . We could be in a nuclear war by the end of the week . I went through the whole campaign never thinking once that I might be the one who presses the button . What can I do , Mr. President ? I 'm going to talk to the Russians . Try to convince the Russians we 're not the ones responsible for these incidents . I won 't be too believable if something should happen to him while he 's here . You want me to protect him ? I 'm not sure that I 'm the one for the job . At least not right now . Funny . That 's how I 've been feeling about myself lately . But I 'm stuck with it . And if I have anything to say about it , so are you . Eternal life ever think about it ? Think about losing family after family . Watching your children die of old age . Your great-grandchildren 's bones turning to dust . Endless pain . Endless guilt . It 's the worst curse there is . But soon , it will be over for me . - [ beeping ] - It 's a time bomb . I want you to put it in the Premiere 's hotel room . Set it so it detonates after you 're gone . The Soviet 's will blame the Americans . The Americans will blame the Soviets . And it will be Armageddon at last . The end of the world . [ beeping continues ] The end of me . You 're not going to try and fight it , are you ? Look . Written with the blood of a newborn baby and the hand of Satan himself , nine centuries ago . Hitler , Lee Harvey Oswald , John Wilkes Booth , they all signed these . And they had to do what I told them . But none of them were able to do what you 're about to . Now take it . Now , we 'll see the culmination of everything I 've worked for . We 've worked for . The pipeline , the missile . The dreams were real . You were there . You were my way of setting the two sides at each other 's throats . Dave . It 's been a long time . I wish it 'd been under better circumstances . Yes . You 've come to sweep the Premiere 's room with us ? Not me , him . Um ... I 'll have to ask you all to leave the room . I 'll need total silence to listen for electromagnetic activity . [ speaks Russian ] [ Waters ] Good . Now , hide the bomb . [ bomb beeping ] You have no choice , you must obey me . As long as I have the parchment you signed , you must do whatever I say . [ Waters ] Leave . You must ... obey me . It 's safe . Thanks . We 'll all be resting a little quieter now . Yes , Superboy , thank you very much . [ Waters ] Now go . We would like to prepare ourselves for our meeting with the President now , may we have privacy ? We 'll contact you if we need further assistance . [ Waters ] Get out of there . - Sir . - You must obey me . Superboy . Leave the room . Now . Superboy . Now leave there and return to me . I 'm not going to let you do it . Who are you ? What are you doing in here ? - I came to stop you . - Stop me ? It 's just the way I saw it in my dream . - Are you crazy ? - Crazy ? Maybe I used to be . But not anymore . [ screams ] [ groans ] [ screams ] Superboy ... you still have to obey me . [ groans ] Kill him ! [ echoes ] Take it easy , you 'll be OK . Will the defendant please rise . Is there anything you 'd like to say before this court passes sentence ? Guilty as charged . [ murmuring ] All the murders , bombing , and atrocities you tried me for and a lot more you don 't know about . And you know something ? Long after all of you are in your graves ... I 'll still be at it , until I get what I want . This court sees it fitting , that you be forced to comprehend the gravity of the crimes you 've committed against mankind . So , go ahead ... shoot me . Gas me . Electrocute me . It won 't work . Certainly , those things have crossed my mind , but you need time to understand what you 've done . This court sentences you to imprisonment without parole for the rest of your natural life . No . No ! No ! No ! No ! No !
