 ( male narrator ) Rocketed from a distant planet , to a bold new destiny on Earth . Found by a Kansas family and raised as Clark Kent . He learned he possessed the strength of steel the speed of light and the desire to help all mankind . He is Superboy ! [ music continues ] [ explosion ] ( male news announcer ) The program regularly scheduled for this time will not be seen so that we may bring you this special news report . ( news anchor ) Nobody knows who he was or where he came from . And in only a few short years , the name Superboy has come to symbolize all that is right in America . Courage . Determination . Resourcefulness . He was a guardian . [ assault gun firing ] An inspiration . Above all else , a truly American hero . [ audience applauding ] ( Superboy ) Thank you . I like to think of myself as a man of action , not of words . ( news anchor ) He could fly , see through solid rock and even bend steel with his bare hands . Because of these gifts many people actually thought he was immortal . But the events of the last few hours have proven them sadly mistaken . For at this moment , the world waits in a grim vigil for the body of Superboy to be recovered from the floor of the icy Atlantic . I 'm Fred Mandel , and this is Night Time . I 've more after these words . [ news bulletin music ] He ... he was the embodiment of the heroic myth . And by that , I mean , he wasn 't just a hero he was Hero , if you can understand the distinction . He was the ultimate mythic archetype . The Nietzschean ideal . He was ubermensch . He was cute , and he was so cool . We love you , Superboy . He 's not dead . He can 't be . But apparently , Superboy is dead . [ sighs ] The facts are still sketchy at this hour but based on eye witness accounts and government sources the Night Time staff has been able to put together the following chronology . At 2 : 10 this afternoon , the coastguard received a distress call from a yacht called the Bohemian Star . ( Fred ) According to its captain , the ship was taking on water approximately 50 miles south-east of Capitol City . The Coast Guard immediately alerted its nearest cutter the Sequoia , then , 12 miles north of the scene . Just as the cutter got within hailing distance of the yacht several of the Coast Guard 's men spotted Superboy landing on the deck of the yacht . But then ... disaster . Only seconds later , an enormous explosion ripped through the yacht 's hull , sinking it almost instantly . Superboy was lost and presumed dead . We go now to Captain Harold Nicholson of the Coast Guard cutter Sequoia . - Captain , can you hear me ? - Yes , sir . We got a bit of a gale out here , though . Okay , I 'll be brief then . Uh , captain , has there been any sign of Superboy yet ? - Any sign at all ? - No , sir . We 've got divers underwater for the past two hours but they haven 't been able to see anything . We 're about to deploy a mini sub equipped with the new H.D.S. system . - H.D.S. ? I- - - High Definition Sonar . If there 's anything down there , it should pick it up with more clarity than standard sonar . What about the yacht , the Bohemian Star ? Any survivors ? We haven 't been able to find any or any bodies . And this yacht wasn 't the Bohemian Star . The real Bohemian Star is in the Indian Ocean right now . Who is this yacht registered to , then ? As best as we can tell , no one . An unregistered yacht , with no passengers or crew and then an explosion . Captain , could this have been a deliberate attempt on Superboy 's life ? We 're investigating that . What about reports that traces of kryptonite were found amid the debris of the site . We 're trying to verify that right now . But , captain , we have independent reports that seem to very strongly indicate that- - Sorry , sir . I really can 't get into it now . Alright , I understand . We 'll be coming back to you as events dictate . Right now , however , we 're going to the Bureau for Extra-Normal Matters in Capitol City .. ... where a press conference is about to begin . [ indistinct chattering ] I have brief statement , then you can ask whatever you want . ( Fred ) This is Matt Ritter . A senior field agent at the bureau . Everyone at the bureau is shocked and saddened by Superboy 's death . He was a friend to all of us here . But his loss will be felt by the entire world . ( female reporter ) Will there be a statement from Lana Lang ? As soon as she 's ready . ( female reporter ) What was your relationship with Superboy ? He was a friend . Somebody I could always count on . And he taught me a lot .. ... about dedication and sacrifice . And something else too . Most people only dream about flying . And I was no exception . But thanks to him , I got a chance to experience it . And I 'll never forget it . - Thank you . - Mr. Ritter , wait .. [ indistinct chattering ] Yes , uh-huh , there 's been a new development . One of the communication satellites began to malfunction about five minutes ago . There 's a scrambled reference to Superboy . Source unknown and then we lost the feed . Our engineers are trying to recalibrate the audio and visual signals right now . They have ? Okay . We go now to the satellite feed with apologies for the reception . [ buzzing ] [ Bizarro grunting ] Him can 't be dead . Apparently , Bizarro has broken into the communication satellite and cut into the feed . Superboy and Bizarro was best friend . Who killed him ? Who killed my friend ? Bizarro , find out . Then , Bizarro going to .. [ grunting ] What we do without Superboy ? Bizarro ... am sad . He am my brother . He is my brother . [ buzzing ] Sentiments of Bizarro . An imperfect copy of Superboy . Imperfect in every way , I guess , except one . His heart . And now , the equal-time doctrine obliges us to go to Capitol City State Prison for an interview with another person . Standing by is Mr. Roger Corben , better known as Metallo . - Mr. Corben , can you hear me ? - Yeah . [ clearing throat ] - Yeah . Hi , Fred , love the show . - Thank you very much . Yeah , I get to see a lot of TV lately , you know what I mean .. I , I imagine you do . Now , Mr. Corben , your feelings for Superboy are obviously very different from those of his friends . Oh , hey , you know , when I die those kiss-ups are probably gonna say the same things about me . But the truth of it is , he was basically just a stiff guy who didn 't know how to have any fun . I mean , you know , him and me .. ... we could 've run this city together . I mean , hell , the whole country but ... he didn 't have the guts to do it . You think it really was lack of guts , Mr. Corben ? Or was it principle ? Well , you know in my book one 's just an excuse for the other . Did you have anything to do with Superboy 's death ? Did I have any ? [ laughing ] Come on , hey , look at me . [ coughing ] We 've just gotten a call from one of Superboy 's most persistent adversaries , Lex Luthor . He 's on the ... he 's on the line right now . Hello , Mr. Luthor . Hello ? Are you still there ? ( Luthor on telephone ) For the moment . I know those busy police operators are trying to trace this call . Then why are you calling at all ? Why , to express my sorrow and sense of deep personal loss over the apparent death of Superboy . Do I detect a note of sarcasm in your voice , Mr. Luthor ? Gosh , Fred . I don 't know , do you ? Superboy and I had our differences but I never expected it to end like this . Oh , of course , not . Did you have anything to do with it ? [ Luthor laughing ] You 're awfully blunt , aren 't you ? Occupational hazard . Well , did you ? Afraid , I 'll have to invoke the Fifth on that one , Freddy . Okay , let me put it this way . Are you glad that he 's dead ? I don 't think I know that he is dead . Assuming that he is , would you be ? Well , let 's put it this way , I 'm saving the champagne till I 'm sure . With all due respect , this is going nowhere , Mr. Luthor . If we can , let 's switch back to the Sequoia for an update . Make it snappy , Fred . I 'm a busy guy . ( Fred ) Captain Nicolson , have there been any developments ? Well , the sonar has spotted something on the bottom , but- - A body ? It 's shaped like one , but the sonar waves aren 't bouncing off it like they would off flesh . More like it 's made out of steel . Steel ? We 're going to try to haul it up now . I 've gotta go talk to the divers now . - So , if you 'll excuse me . - Of course , we 'll be back . - Yo , Fred . Remember me ? - How could I forget ? I suppose you have a comment . Hello ? [ cork popping ] Luthor , are you still there ? What was that ? Oh , I 'm still here , alright . And that was the champagne . [ Luthor laughing ] [ dial tone ] We 'll be back after these words from our sponsors . [ news bulletin music ] My relationship with Superboy was pretty intense . And he was always arresting me , putting me in jail which I certainly didn 't enjoy . I was on a quest for knowledge and I think Superboy respected me for that , I really do . But the fact that I take pleasure in experimenting on human beings really bothered him . I-I dunno , the last time I saw him , we parted as friends you know , and that was cool . I 'd very much like to conduct some experiments on Superboy 's cadaver . I 'm optimistic that , that will happen and I think that 's what Superboy would have wanted . I really do . He 's not dead . I know it . He can 't be . To recap , sonar has located Superboy 's body at the site of a massive explosion . Divers are working to recover it , as we speak . And it was just confirmed during the break that traces of kryptonite were indeed found at the site . As we wait for our next live interview we 're going to look at footage that was shot a month ago by a local station . It is apparently ... Superboy 's last interview . I think the one thing everyone 's always wanted to know about you is , why you do it ? Pardon ? You risk your life this way , over and over again . You could be spending your time making money running for public office anything you wanted to do , but you do this instead . Is it a sense of duty , sense of obligation ? No , I don 't feel obligated . Everything I 've done it 's because I wanna do it . When you 're brought up , your parents give you a sense of right and wrong . And hopefully the courage to step in when things start to go wrong . That 's all I 've ever really done . But you 've made so many enemies . I 've had to . It goes along with the territory . Besides , you think I 'd really want to be friends with Luthor , Metallo or Chaos ? Well , since you put it that way , what about the risk ? I mean , your life is in almost constant jeopardy . I never really thought about that . There 'd be no point . I couldn 't back away because of the risk . It wouldn 't be right . You 'll have to excuse me . Ironic epitaph for the Boy of Steel . As of this moment divers work to recover his body from the ocean floor . We now turn to one of Superboy 's closest friends and confidants . Someone who has shared peril after peril with him .. ... until this final one . Lana Lang . I know this is difficult for you but please , if you would tell us what you 're feeling right now ? I didn 't agree to do this to tell you what I 'm feeling . I 'm doing this to let whoever is responsible to know that if it takes my last breath , I 'll make you pay . I don 't know how , but I will . Uh , could you tell us what your relationship was with Superboy , again ? I just don 't understand how someone could do this . He was so strong and powerful . But you never felt that ... y-you only felt his gentleness . Hmm . Anyone who could have hurt him is not a human . It 's pretty clear that you felt very strongly for Superboy . Would you say those feelings were mutual ? I don 't know . [ giggling ] - I always hoped . - Hmm . But he always had so much to do . He never had time for a relationship . Would you have preferred that he 'd not gotten involved in so much ? That he had taken the time ? - I used , I used to wish that . - Hmm . But then I realized that he wouldn 't be who he was . And I-I wouldn 't love him . Well , then you got just exactly what you deserved , didn 't you ? Luthor ? This is unexpected . Well , the telephone is so impersonal . And that photo you have of me just the tad unflattering , don 't you think ? ( Fred ) I wouldn 't say that this was much of an improvement . And it 's not exactly anonymous , either . Isn 't that the Capitol City train station behind you . Oh , gosh . Now that you mention it I think you might be right . Not that it matters . After all who 's gonna come catch me , Super Corpse ? You are so cold , Luthor . Cold ? I 'm just being objective . After all , isn 't that what television news is all about ? You did it , didn 't you ? Didn 't you ? Come now , my crimson haired gummy bear . You don 't expect me to just blurt it out , do you ? You are garbage . [ mocking ] He was so powerful , but you only felt the gentleness . Apparently , they 've brought something up . We go now to the Coast Guard cutter Sequoia- - No ! Looks like I better put another magnum on ice . Y-you killed him ! You keep saying that , would it make you feel any better , if I said I did ? No ? Well , I can only assume it 'd make you feel worse . In that case let me just say unequivocally yes , I did it . The old Kryptonite bomb routine neatly stored aboard a radio controlled yacht . Embarrassingly simple , really . The only glitch was having to wait so long for ' em to recover the body . Now , I got the world on a string . ( Fred ) Wait a minute , are you really saying that you did it ? In front of millions of people , are you admitting to murder ? Why not ? Now that the Boy of Steel has gone to that big junkyard in the sky there is nothing and no one to stop me . [ taunting ] We go now to Captain Nicholson of the Coast Guard cutter Sequoia . Captain Nicolson , have you brought up Superboy 's body yet ? - Uh , kind of . - Kind of ? Well , you see , High Definition Sonar is still in the developmental stages and someday it 's going to be a very effective tool- - But captain , 15 minutes ago you said you discovered Superboy 's body . That 's not what I said . I said , we found a human figure that wasn 't flesh . Right , you said steel . But who else could it have been ? Well , if your cameraman will pull back , I 'll show you . Came from an old sailing ship called Hope Town . Went down in 1836 . It was an understandable mistake . A figurehead from an old ship . But that still leaves a question open , where is Superboy ? Cat got your tongue , Luthor ? ( Superboy ) No , I do . Took you long enough to show yourself . You thought I was dead ? I had to let everyone think that .. ... until whoever set the bomb stepped forward . Somehow I wasn 't surprised when it was you . ( Fred ) Uh , Superboy , you weren 't affected by the bomb ? I would have been , if I 'd been aboard the ship when it went off . But just before that , I scanned the hull for leaks and spotted the bomb , so I went out through the bottom of the ship , into the water . And what about the figurehead ? I saw it underwater , so I moved it closer to the wreckage to buy myself some more time . Incredible . Absolutely incredible . ( Luthor ) Luck ! Dumb luck ! [ choking ] - Oh , Lana , I apologize . - No , I-I understand . - No , I shouldn 't have . - It 's okay . You had to . Thanks . Oh , Lana . I heard what you said before , and the feeling is mutual . Ms. Lang . Ms. Lang . The interview is not over . Yes , it is . I have more important things to do . But .. Can , uh , can we go to tape ? We can . [ chuckling ] Alright , then . I 'm Fred Mandel and this is Ben Night Time . Incredible . Absolutely incredible . [ news bulletin music ] Told you so . [ theme music ]
