 We wanted ... to believe . We wanted to call out . On August 20 and September 5 , 1977 , two spacecrafts were launched ... from the Kennedy Space Flight Center , Florida . They were called Voyager . Each one carries a message . I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet . - We step out of our solar system into the universe , seeking ... A gold-plated record depicting images , music and sounds of our planet , arranged so that it may be understood if ever intercepted ... - by a technologically mature extraterrestrial civilization . Hello from the children of planet Earth . Thirteen years after its launch , Voyager I passed the orbital plane of Neptune ... and , essentially , left our solar system . Within that time , there were no further messages sent . Nor are any planned . We wanted to listen . On October 12 , 1992 , NASA initiated the High Resolution Microwave Survey : A decade-long search by radio telescope scanning ten million frequencies ... for any transmission by extraterrestrial intelligence . Less than one year later , first-term Nevada Senator Richard Bryan ... successfully championed an amendment which terminated the project . I wanted to believe , but the tools had been taken away . The X-Files had been shut down . They closed our eyes . Our voices have been silenced . Our ears are now deaf to the realms of extreme possibilities . I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet . We step out of our solar system into the universe , seeking only peace and friendship ... Cecil and me ... We went over to that one strip joint . Yeah ? You treat yourself ? Oh , man , let me tell you . You know that one , Tuesday ? Wait , wait . You went on Tuesday ? - That 's the stripper 's name : Tuesday . - Oh , yeah . I know her . Anyway , she 's on stage , dancing to that Offspring song , " Come Out and Play . " - Nice touch . - Very hot . - Keep going . - So I 'm tipping her big ... five spots . - I 'm laying them down on the rail : Boom , boom , boom . - You 're liking it . By the end of the song , I had like $ 40 laid out on the rail . It 's not a long song , is it ? It is advantageous to begin an autopsy ... with removal of the cranium . The cranium is opened with a horizontal division ... an inch above the eyebrow ridges . Is something wrong ? What this man imagined ... his dreams , who he loved , saw , heard , remembered ... what he feared ... Somehow , it 's ... all locked in this small mass of tissue and fluid . Are you okay , Agent Scully ? You sounded a little spooky . Good afternoon , Agent Mulder . Four dollars for the first hour of parking is criminal . What you got better be worth at least 45 minutes . You know , Mulder , from ... from back there , you looked like him . - " Him " ? - Deep Throat . He 's dead , Scully . I attended his funeral at Arlington through eight-power binoculars ... from a thousand yards away . Now , the picture frame was turned down . You wanted to talk . What have you found ? I wanted to talk , but I haven 't found anything . - It 's dangerous for us just to have a little chat , Scully . We must assume we 're being watched . - Mulder , I haven 't seen any indication ... - No , no , of course not . These people are the best . I 've taken all of the necessary precautions . I have doubled back over my tracks to make sure I haven 't been followed . And no one has ever followed me . The X-Files have been terminated , Mulder . We have been reassigned . What makes you think they care about us anymore , anyway ? So why have you bothered to come here covertly ? Because I realized it was the only way that you would see me . - So what do you want ? - To know that you 're all right . Mulder , you passed me today within a foot , but you were miles away . They 've got me on electronic surveillance : White bread cases , bank fraud , insurance fraud , health care swindles . I know that you feel ... frustrated ... that without the Bureau 's resources it 's impossible for you to continue ... - No . - What then ? When the Bureau first shut us down , you said you would go on for as long as the truth was out there . But I no longer feel that from you . Have you ever been to San Diego ? Yeah . Did you check out the Palomar Observatory ? No . From 1948 until recently , it was the largest telescope in the world . The idea and design came from a brilliant and wealthy astronomer ... named George Ellery Hale . Actually , the idea was presented to Hale one night ... while he was playing billiards . An elf climbed in his window and told him to get money ... from the Rockefeller Foundation for a telescope . And you 're worried that all your life you 've been seeing elves ? In my case ... little green men . But , Mulder ... during your time with the X-Files , you 've seen so much . That 's just the point . Seeing is not enough . I should have something to hold onto . Some solid evidence . I learned that from you . Your sister 's abduction . You 've held onto that . I 'm beginning to wonder if ... if that ever even happened . Mulder ... even if George Hale only saw elves in his mind , the telescope still got built . Don 't give up . And next time ... We meet out in the open . She had erased a conversation between President Nixon ... and H. R. Haldeman while transcribing the subpoenaed tape . And H. R. Haldeman while transcribing the subpoenaed tape . Woods testified that she erased only about five minutes of the conversation , but the tape contained an 18-minute gap . - Under investigation from Senator Howard Baker , - Scout . H.R. Haldeman reiterated the White House explanation that Rosemary Woods mistakenly ... - Do we have to watch this , Fox ? - Leave it . I 'm watching The Magician at 9 : 00 . Mom and Dad said I could watch some movie , butt-munch . They 're next door at the Galbrands , and they said I 'm in charge . Hey ! Get out of my life ! I 'm watching The Magician . Now , look , the fuse is blown . Fox . Samantha ! Samantha ! Samantha ! Samantha ! We 're going to the hill . Senator Matheson ? - Do you know this , Fox ? - It 's Bach . Brandenburg Concerto Number 3 . Two . - Good thing it wasn 't a DoubleJeopardy question . Do you know the significance of this piece ? Well , recalling Music Appreciation with Professor Ganz , Bach had a genius for polyphonic ... This is the first selection of music on the Voyager spacecraft . The first . Four and a half billion years from now , when the sun exhausts its fuel ... and swells to engulf the Earth , this expression will still be out there , traveling four and a half billion years . That is if it 's not intercepted first . Imagine , Fox ... if another civilization out there were to hear this . They would think what a wonderful place the Earth must be . I would want this to be the first contact ... with another life-form . I know I 've let you down . You 've supported me at great risk to your reputation . I realize when they shut us down , there was nothing you could do . All I can say is I think we were close . To what , I don 't know . What ? Do you like Bach , Mulder ? I live for Bach . Then let 's hear it again . I take it you are familiar with the High Resolution Microwave Survey ? The search for extraterrestrial radio signals . They shut it down . You have to get to the radio telescope at Arecibo , Puerto Rico . I 'll try to delay them as long as I can , but my guess is you 'll have at least 24 hours . After that , I can no longer hold off ... the Blue Beret U.F.O. Retrieval Team . And they have been authorized to display terminal force . What am I looking for ? Contact . When did you last see Agent Mulder ? - Yesterday . - Where ? In the bull pen hallway . Did you speak with him ? No . Is he in some kind of trouble ? Agent Mulder failed to appear at his assignment this morning . His whereabouts are unknown . Sir , I 'll volunteer my time to assist in any search . - No , Agent Scully , the Bureau can handle ... She doesn 't know where he is . How can you be so sure ? If she knew , she wouldn 't be so worried about him . I don 't smoke . She 'll find him . - Gracias . - De nada . No trace evidence immediately apparent ... around the exterior of the control room , which is locked with chains . Power 's been turned off , although the control panel lights are still on . The room is about 30 by 15 . I see no signs of any recent occupation . There 's quite an odor of mildew in the air . The air is stale . If anyone 's been here recently , I see no indications . Mulder , you hounded me to have lunch with you today , and then you don 't show . You 're a pig . Galactic latitude ? May I ask what you 're doing here , Agent Scully ? Are you following me ? Agent Mulder 's residence is under surveillance . Please explain why you 're here . I was told by the assistant director that Mulder was gone . So ? So whenever he 's away , I feed his fish . What the hell is this ? Looks like a self-test the computer does . Damn . Just dump it in the tank . That would be bad for the fish . Hmm . Who are you ? What are you doing here ? It 's all right . Settle down . Settle down . 多 Hablo Ingles ? Name . 多 Nombre ? 多 Nombre ? Jorge . Me llamoJorge Concepcion . Jorge , why are you so afraid ? What have you seen ? Jorge , no comprende . Did you say " men " ? 多 Hombres ? It looks like the Wow Signal . " The Wow Signal " ? Ohio State has a radio telescope ... that conducts electronic searches for extraterrestrial intelligence . In August 1977 , my buddy , Jerry Ehman , found a transmission on the printout like this . He was so excited , he wrote " Wow " in the margins . What was there ? A signal 30 times stronger than galactic background noise . It came through on the 21-centimeter frequency , which no satellite transmitters are allowed to use . The signal was intermittent , like Morse Code . More importantly , the signal seemed to turn itself on while in the telescope 's beam . The Wow Signal is the best evidence of extraterrestrial intelligence . But this ... This is better . Where did you get this ? Maybe you can tell me . Is that from Ohio State ? Can 't tell . There are a few nickel-and-dime SETI projects around . U.C. Berkeley has one . The Planetary Society has one at Harvard and in Argentina . NASA was working out of Goldstone in California and Arecibo in Puerto Rico . Mulder . The signal from 0630 Tuesday : The narrowband and exact matching of the antenna pattern ... indicates that it originated from beyond lunar distance . But the same message is trans ... No ! Jorge , don 't touch that red button . No-jo on the rojo . Thanks . The same message is transmitted four hours later on a wideband , which puts its point of origin very close ; just miles away . - I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet . It 's just a tape machine , Jorge . Where are we gonna go ? There 's a storm outside . You can 't be afraid , Jorge . Don 't be afraid . You can 't be afraid . Jorge ! Jorge ! Jorge ! Jorge ! Passengers holding tickets , please proceed immediately to gate number 16 . Attention , please . This is a gate change announcement . Hello , this is Fox Mulder . Leave a message , please . C.A. 519 . 705 . 950 . At the tone , Eastern Daylight Time will be 5 : 47 and 40 seconds . Attention all passengers . Flight 235 is now boarding at gate number 2 . Relax . We know where she 's going : Saint Croix . Caribbean Air Flight 519 . Takes off at five after 7 : 00 . Gate 's in the other terminal . I 'd like a ticket on the 6 : 30 flight to San Juan . Today is ... The time is 10 : 30 . Although not a qualified pathologist , I will record my observations of the body ... in case at some future time decomposition should obscure forensic evidence . The subject , perhaps victim , is Hispanic male , undetermined age . There are no overt external injuries apparent . There are no indications of any lightning strikes . No singeing of the hair or burns of any kind . There are no ... There are no puncture wounds ... due to needles or probes commonly associated with cases of alien abduction . The subject was discovered in a sitting position , rigor mortis having set in , although less than half an hour had elapsed . The skin is strikingly affected by gooseflesh . The body shows signs of intense cadaveric spasm . The expression reflects ... My God , Scully , it 's as if he 's been frightened to death . Again , Scully , nothing but evidence . And again , no evidence at all . The printouts of received transmission indicate contact with another life-form , and yet I cannot see them . Even if I could see them , would they really be there ? How do I know this isn 't some classified military satellite ? These transmissions are from the Voyager , for God 's sake . Could extraterrestrials really have intercepted them ? Or is this just some elaborate joke played on those who want to believe ? I was sent here by one of those people . Deep Throat said , " Trust no one . " That 's hard , Scully . Suspecting everyone , everything . It wears you down . You even begin to doubt what you know is the truth . Before ... I could only trust myself . Now I can only trust you . And they 've taken you away from me . My life up to this point has been about the need to see her again , to see them . But what would I do if they really came ? Deep Throat said , " Trust no one . " I was sent here by one of those people . - Deep Throat said , " Trust no one . " - Trust no one . No ! I was sure you were dead . Mulder , it 's Scully . Dana Scully . Do you know where you are ? They came , Scully . The ones that took her ... They were here . Here ... or here ? On the tapes . The tape . Evidence . Proof . The transmissions ... It 's all here . - Proof of what ? - Contact . These printouts ... It 's here . And the man ... We 'll have to examine the body . There will be more proof . Is that them ? No , this isn 't it . It 's the Blue Beret Crash Retrieval Team . They 'll kill us . - Help me with the body . - We don 't have time . - Help me ! - We 'll never be able to get the body out of the country . Mulder , we have to go . Evidence is worthless if you 're dead ! Let 's go ! Hold your fire ! Get this truck to the bottom of the hill ! - Yes , sir . - Move ! Soldiers , move ! Mulder ! Damn it . You left your off-site setup . Another agent had to cover your ass . The entire surveillance ... all the months of work on this case ... gone . Just like you . Gone . This has four-bagger all over it , Mulder . Censure , transfer , suspension , probation . I understand that leaving my assignment warrants disciplinary action , and I 'm willing to accept those measures . - But ? - But I had enough on that surveillance ... to arrest those suspects after three days . I could have nailed them on 40 counts of bank fraud , but you left me there . I 'm surprised you even noticed I was gone , let alone wiretap my phone , an illegal procedure without a court order . Your time is over , and you leave with nothing . Get out . I said get the hell out . Report back to your assignment . A minute ago I was a four-bagger . Do you want me to make the arrests ? I think we need more to go on . Continue the surveillance . It should be right here . The entire tape is blank . An electrical surge in the outlet during the storm ... may have degaussed everything , erasing the entire tape . You still have nothing . I may not have the X-Files , Scully , but I still have my work . And I still have you . And I still have myself . What 's the difference between a lap dance and a table dance ? A lap dance , they 're all over you . A lap dance costs more ? All right , all right . Tell me the best spot . Where ? - Paramount , but you got to spend money . - I 'm there . Wednesday is she dancing ? No , don 't go Wednesday . - That 's amateur night . - Amateur night ? Nice touch . They 're not really amateurs , but who knows the difference ? Yeah , sure , sure . If you don 't mind spending the money , girls are all over you . I 'll get a pen and write down directions . Subtitles By Captions , Inc . Los Angeles
