 I 'm here in Pasadena with the NASA mission control team as they celebrate scientific history- - the first close-up photographic transmissions of Mars from the Viking Observer spacecraft- - photos that have created a stir by revealing surprising geologic information : the presence of large amounts ofwater locked in Mars' polar ice caps- - water that some speculate could have possibly sustained life on the planet . Even more controversial is one image ofa land formation- - a formation that looks like a sculpted human face . However , NASA officials are denying it as an indication ofan alien civilization . It 's nothing more than a trick oflight and shadows- - a geologic anomaly . The only sculptors at work are the solarwinds that blow across the surface of Mars at 300 miles an hour , ten months a year . I 'm seeing- - l 've got- - How 's it going out there ? There 's something out here . Can you repeat that , Commander ? It 's coming at me ! Holy God ! Pickup terminalsequence , M.P.S. Youhaveago toproceed . Boostyour hydraulicpowerunits . This is Shuttle Launch Control with Tminus oneminute fifteensecondsandcounting . O. T. C. to C.D.R. Howdoyouread ? Loudandclear . Goahead . Rogerthat . Portsetup two zero . Copy . Setup two zero . C.D.R. Houston , howdoyouread ? Loud and clear . Sidehatch close out andwhiteroom configuration is complete . Retractingorbiterarm . O.M.S. pressure on . Cabin ventcomplete . Roger , wesee that . Allsystemsgo forA.P. U. start . Pre-startcomplete . A.P. U. toinhibit . Oxygen venthoodretracted . Externaltankis atflightpressure . Lockyour visorsandinitiate your O2 flow . Y 'allhaveagoodtrip . Rogerthat . T-minus20seconds andcounting . Go forauto-sequencestart . Boosterhydraulicpowerunits havestarted . Go formain enginestart . T-minus ten , nine , eight seven , six , five , four , three ... Abortliftoff . Abortliftoff . System failure . Abortliftoff . Repeat . Wehave anabortedliftoff . Scully : What did the note say ? just that they worked for NASA . Theywanted to talk to somebody from the F.B.l. Why the cloak-and-dagger routine ? I have no idea . Think it 's a crank ? It 's beginning to look that way . My name is Michelle Generoo . Fox Mulder . I sentyou the note . Special Agent Dana Scully . I 'm sorry to have to take these precautions . I few up from Houston this morning . I work at the space center there . In what capacity ? I 'm the Mission Control Communications Commander for the shuttle . What brings you to Washington ? There may be a saboteur at work inside NASA . You have evidence ofsabotage ? I don 't know. I may . Two weeks ago a shuttle mission was scrubbed three seconds before lift-off when an auxiliary power unit valve malfunctioned . Ifthe fight had not been aborted there was a great chance the liquid fuel system and the orbiter would have exploded on the launch pad . This was sent to me in the mail . It 's a material analysis that shows deep-grooved scoring marks inside this A.P.U. valve- - marks that could have caused a malfunction . Evidence oftampering ? That 's what it looks like , but ... According to the person who gave meyour names you have expertise in unexplained phenomena . And what 's unexplainable is how anybody could have done it . How doyou mean ? The valve is made offerrocarbon titanium . To score that material would take extreme launch pad temperatures . If NASA looked at that analysis theywould say no one could do that type ofdamage undetected . Doyou have any idea who sent that toyou ? No idea . The official analysis ofthe malfunction was simple mechanical failure . Does anybody shareyour suspicions ? Ifthey do they 're not talking to the F.B.l. I believe in the space program and the people who run it but there 's another launch window tomorrow . My reasons may sound selfish , but my fiance is a Shuttle Commander on that mission . Scully : Whywould somebodywant to sabotage the Space Shuttle ? Well , ifyou were a terrorist there probably isn 't a more potent symbol ofAmerican progress and prosperity . Ifyou 're an opponent ofbig science NASA itselfrepresents a vast money trench that exists outside the crucible and debate ofthe democratic process . And , ofcourse , there are those futurists who believe the Space Shuttle is a rusty old bucket- - a dinosaur spacecraft built in the ' 70s by scientists setting their sights on space in an ever-declining scale . And we thought we could rest easy with the fall ofthe Soviet Union . Not to mention certain fringe elements who accuse our government itself ofspace sabotage- - the failure ofthe Hubble Telescope and the Mars Observer are directly connected to a conspiracy to deny us evidence . Evidence ofwhat ? Alien civilizations . Oh , ofcourse . Look at that- - GeminiEight . What ? The man we 're seeing- - Colonel Belt- - nearly died on that mission . Made an emergency landing in the middle ofthe Pacific Ocean . You remember that stuff ? You neverwanted to be an astronaut when you were a kid ? I missed that phase . Comein . Colonel Belt . I 'm special agent Dana Scully . And this is ... Colonel Belt . Fox Mulder. I 'm a big fan . It 's an honor to meetyou . You were a big hero to me . Thankyou . I stayed up all night when I was 1 4 to watch your space walk . Well , now it 's like a stroll around the block . So ... how can I helpyou ? This found its way to the F.B.l. Doyou recognize it ? Sure. it 's an auxiliary power unit valve . Doyou have any reason to believe that the damage done to it was in an effort to sabotage the Space Shuttle program ? No . Any reason to suspect sabotage at all ? No reason whatsoever . And ifyou have any respect for this program and for the people who have devoted their lives to it you 'll be careful to whom you make those accusations . Looking at this evidence , sir would you consider postponing the shuttle fight until a full investigation could be conducted ? I don 't know whereyou got this specious artifact but every precaution has been taken to rectify the problem . We 've been waiting two weeks for a window to initiate this mission . We 've got a payload to deliver . Has an internal investigation ever been done on this matter ? The partyou have here has been installed , inspected , and designed by over 1 00 highly trained technicians . With the security measures we take it would be virtually impossible for one man working by himself or two , or four men to do what you 're suggesting . I can assureyou there isn 't a person in this facility that doesn 't want to see that shuttle go into space complete its mission and come back like winged Victory herself . And in about ten hours , God willing you 'll seejust that . Doyou think there would be a problem with us watching the lift-off from mission control ? Well , being thatyou 'd probably go over my head anyway please , be my guest . It was an honor , sir . Thankyou . Didn 'tyou want to get his autograph ? Man : Where did you sayyou got this ? Scully : It came to us anonymously . This is an A.P.U. valve , all right . This doesn 't make sense . What doesn 't make sense ? This scoring here . This valve is made out offerrocarbon titanium . You didn 't order the analysis ? No , but we 're on outside contract to NASA . They may have ordered it . Wouldn 'tyou order a material analysis ifa part malfunctioned ? Every shuttle has fown with that same valve with no problem . To do an analysis would delay the program for months not to mention the cost . In order to avoid delays is the program being pushed ahead without proper safety precaution ? There are about 1 7,000 things that can go wrong with the shuttle and about 1 7,000 people who make sure they don 't . Who makes the final determination as to its safety ? We make a recommendation but ultimately , the decision is Colonel Belt 's . - Thankyou . - Thankyou . What doyou think ? I can 't believe how much faith we put in machines . You think Colonel Belt knows more than he 's saying ? He lied about his knowledge ofa saboteur ? I can 't believe Colonel Belt would endanger the lives ofthose astronauts knowing that something might go wrong . He was an astronaut himself . Soyou think this X ray is bogus ? God , I hope so . This is Shuttle Launch Control with T-minus oneminute 45 andcounting . Here we go . This is Shuttle Launch Control with Tminus oneminute30 . Finalapproachsequence . Main engines ready . Main engine check . Switchingoff groundsupply . Roger , O. T. C. Houston : Pick up terminalsequence M.P.S. O. T. C. to C.D.R. Howdoyouread ? Charge capacitorenergy storagebanksareallat241 . O. T. C. to C.D.R. Howdoyouread ? Loudandclear . C.D.R. to Houston . Howdoyouread ? Loud and clear . Sidehatch closeoutandwhiteroom configuration complete . Retractingorbiterarm . Allsystemsgo forA.P. U. start . WehaveA.P. U. start . B.B.S.R. powerdown andready forlaunch . Transfertointernalpower . Main engines complete . Aerosurfaces in launchposition . Militaryrecorder is running . Okay . Copy . Oxygen venthoodretracted . Externaltank isatflightpressure . Okay , C.D.R. , lockyour visors andinitiateyour O2 flow . Y 'allhaveagoodone . Rogerthat . Go forauto-sequencestart . Boosterhydraulic units havestarted . Go formain enginestart . Tminus tenandcounting . 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 . Zero . Ignition . Wehave liftoff . C.D.R. to Houston . Greatjob . Roger that . 1 0-4 . Roger . Throttleback . Main engine at 65percent . Roger . Throttleat 1 10percent . Roger , O. T. C. I have to admit that I fulfilled one ofmy boyhood fantasies . It ranks right up there with getting a pony and learning how to braid my own hair . You have to admit that was exciting- - Mission control , countdown ... Mulder ! Wait ! Something 's gone wrong . What happened ? Something 's wrong with the shuttle . We had some trouble with the solid rocket boosters but we fixed it . Got a phone call 20 minutes ago . Communication with the shuttle had gone down . We 've got to get back to Houston . They have a press blackout in effect . Chances are , the media doesn 't know about it . Sabotage ? Things go wrong all the time . But they usually fix them . Usually . She 's turning . Michelle ! I can see her . Michelle ! Help ! You all right ? I 'm stuck ! Can you move ? just get me out ofhere ! I 'm wedged in . You all right ? I 'm wedged in . Come here . Can you push with your legs ? Be careful . just get me out ofhere ! Come on . Okay . It 's okay . Don 't try to move . Oh , I got to get back to Houston . What happened ? I don 't know . Something came at me in the fog and next thing I knew , I was upside down . Was it some kind ofan animal ? No. lt had a face . It was ... lt was grotesque . I don 't know what it was . You okay ? Yeah . Orbiter , this is Houston . Doyou copy ? Your transmission isbreaking up , Houston . What 's happening ? A malfin the O.M.S. and R.C.F. systems . They can 't get the orbiter into attitude rotation . Cabin temperature is 1 03 and they have downlink transmission ... What happened toyou ? I had an accident . What 's their position ? just over eastern Africa . Try patching them into the Seychelles Tracking Station . All right . Hang in there , O.T.C. The orbiter maneuvering systems malfunctioned . They need to rotate the shuttle away from the sun to keep the orbiter cool . Drop in cabin pressure 21 kilopascals and declining . They 're going to burn up . Where 's Colonel Belt ? On his way . On his way . What happened ? Backup system failed . Can we auto-activate their systems from down here ? We cannot . It 's like someone 's screwing with the uplink communications from this end . Can you trace it ? Digital processor . They 'd have to be in the data banks . Where 's that ? Come on . Scully : Mulder ? I 'm a Federal Agent . Come on out ofthere . What areyou doing in here ? I work here . Let me seeyour clearance . There was a malfunction in one ofthe processors . Did you find it ? No . Did you see anybody else here ? Call security . I don 't want anybody coming in or out ofthis building who doesn 't have proper clearance . ( garbledtransmission ) What 's the attitude ofthe orbiter ? They 're fying tail first , sir belly towards the sun . Flash evaporator system is working but it 's not enough to cool them down . Cabin temperature 1 1 6 . Where 's .. ? Somebody 'sjamming our transmissions . Somebody or something is interfering with our ground communications and scrambling our uplink telemetry . The shuttle is not responding to override signals . I 'm cutting off telemetry . We might lose contact for good . We have to give it a chance . We have to bring them down . We have to give them control ofthe ship to perform that rotation maneuver and deliver the payload . What ifthey can 't ? We could be stranding them . Abandon telemetry . Go to fy-by-wire mode . They 're cutting off ground control to the orbiter . The astronauts will be fying the shuttle all by themselves . is it gonna work ? O.T.C. , this is Houston . How 's the weather up there ? Sunny and warm , Houston . What 's the forecast ? O.T.C. , we 're going to fy-by-wire mode . We 're going to abort ground control to see ifyou can bring those systems back up . Roger that , Houston and leave the driving to us . David ... you take care . Whatjust happened ? They cut offcontact with the shuttle . Generoo : 45 seconds . lftheywere able to execute they 'd have done it by now . Standing by . 60 seconds . Go to reestablish uplink communication . Video signal 's failed . O.T.C. , this is Houston . Doyou copy ? O.T.C. , this is Houston . Where areyou ? Howdy-do , Houston . Looks like we fiinally got thisbirdto flyright . O.T.C. , doyou hear that ? Music to ourears . Cabin temperature stabilizing . O.T.C. , this is Mark Belt in Houston . How 's the crew holding up ? They 're lookinggood , sir . Y 'all get some rest . We 'll get back to work at about 0700 . Roger , Houston . Let 's get to work on that telemetry problem . We got a big day ahead ofus . Belt : Let 'sjustlet the electronicpress get their sound equipment set . Are we set up in here ? Doyou want to test this mike ? ( shoutingquestions ) I knowyou have a lot ofquestions . I 'll get to them . How did he know it was going to work ? He didn 't . They could have died and there would have been nothing we could have done . They 'd have been a ghost ship stuck in orbit . Whywould he take that risk ? Bring those men back without delivering that payload ? That 's millions ofwasted dollars . That 's all congress would need to shut down NASA . Belt : As of2200 hours the crew has been conducting on-board tests and tasks and resting up for their first full day in space . I 'm happy to say after a beautiful night launch the shuttle orbiter has performed magnificently . ( reportersshoutingquestions ) So much foryour boyhood hero . Colonel Belt ? Colonel Belt ? Can I talk toyou for a moment ? You want to know why I lied to them . You 're asking yourself ifthis means I 'd lie toyou . You know what it means to be an astronaut , sir ? You riskyour life every timeyou get into your spacecraft for nothing more than the good progress ofmankind . No argument from me . You 're true American heroes . Heroes ? We made headlines when we did ourjob right . Now they buryyou in the back ofthe paper . Name me two astronauts on the last shuttle . You make the front page today only ifyou screw up . They only know your name ifyou 're the unlucky S.O.B. sitting on 500 tons ofdynamite . That 's what they 're reallywaiting for . Sir , I have to ask . I 'm sorry , it 's myjob . Doyou think someone is sabotaging the shuttle ? My answer toyou , sir , will be to bring those men back safely to earth . Oh , God . How 's it going out there ? There 's something out here ! Can you repeat that , Commander ? It 's coming at me ! Holy God ! Houston , wejustheard something weirduphere . O.T.C. Houston , can you describe it ? Sortofa dull thump , likesomethingbumpedtheship . Gotanyideasabout that ? ( banging ) Thereitis again . Pull it out ? Yeah . That one right there . They 've got an oxygen leak onboard the orbiter . Our O2 gaugesaregoing allscrewy , Houston . We got problems . We 've got an O2 leak in the main tank . What happened ? They don 't know . Theyjust said it was a thump . An astronomer in Winnipeg just spotted a gaseous cloud a mile long trailing in our orbit . That 's the liquid O2 leaking into space . This happened to Colonel Belt on an Apollo mission . How much time do they have ? We 're doing the calculations but it will be a guesstimate . I need some answers . And where is Colonel Belt ? He was due 90 minutes ago to begin payload deployment . Houston ? We 're wondering when wehave tostartholdingourbreath . We 're working on it . I need those calculations and a worst-case scenario . We don 't know ifboth O2 tanks are damaged . Worst-case scenario ! And someone find Colonel Belt . We 'll find Colonel Belt . They 've got 30 minutes ofbackup oxygen . Why does she need Belt ? She doesn 't know how serious the leak is . It 's an oxygen leak . Even I know what happens when you run out ofoxygen . Colonel Belt 's been in the same situation . He 'll know what to do . Where the hell is he ? Colonel Belt ? Colonel Belt ! I 'm going to go get security . Colonel Belt . Areyou all right ? Yeah. I wasn 't feeling well . They need you at mission control . There 's been another accident . O.T.C. is your orbital maneuvering system still operational ? Roger , Houston . We 're ready forreentry . Justsay the word . How bad 's the leak ? We have no way to determine . O.T.C. , what 's the condensation on your cabin ? Windowsaregetting alittlesteamy . Carbon dioxide buildup . Okay , O.T.C. Everything 's going to be fine . I wantyou to get in your spacesuits and de-pressurize your cabin . And then I wantyou to vent that CO2 . Andthen what ? I wantyou to stay in your suits . I wantyou to prepare to use your emergency oxygen systems . And then I wantyou ... to ... deliveryour payload . Those are men up there . You 're out ofline . You want to tell me how to do myjob ? I 've been up there in that situation , Miss Generoo . There 's more at risk here than your personal life . Ifyou can 't accept that or operate effectively in these circumstances then maybeyou 'd better leave the decisions to people who can . O.T.C. Doyou copy ? Roger , Houston . We 're waiting on those O2 calculations . ( sniffling ) Scully : Michelle ! They 're going to die . You don 't know that . It 's unconscionable putting that payload before those men 's lives . I think she 's right . He 's losing it . He saved their lives earlier . Did he , or did he put their lives injeopardy ? lfhe can 't deliver that payload Congress kills the space program . Killing astronauts won 't have the same effect ? I think somebody must have sabotaged the Space Shuttle . I think Colonel Belt has known about it from the beginning . We 've got to stop him . We 've got to pull them out oforbit . He doesn 't want those men to die . He put them up there . He may be the only person who can get them down alive . How can you be certain that what he 's doing won 't save their lives ? I need access toyour records in a hurry . Mulder : I need everything on the Hubble Telescope the Mars Observer , the Shuttle Challenger and the current orbiter mission . That 's tens ofthousands ofdocuments . What are we looking for ? X rays , diagrams , schematics- - any proofthat Belt knew about a sabotage . A needle in a haystack . Payloaddeployment initiated . Roger that , O.T.C. Tracking it now . Looksgoodfrom here . Payloaddelivery is complete , Houston . We 'reawaiting yourorder . System check for reentry de-orbit burn . HolyGod , there 'ssomething outside theship- - HolyGod , there 'ssomething outside theship- - There 'ssomeone outside theship ! Can you repeat that , O.T.C. ? There 'ssome kindofghost outside theship ! No ! ( whimpering ) No , no , no ! ( screaming ) Mulder I found it . This is the same diagram that was sent to Michelle . Ordered by Colonel Belt , which means he knew about the faultyvalve . This is from the Challenger . It 's the O-ring fitting that failed . It 's dated one week before the Space Shuttle blew up . The analysis was ordered by Colonel Belt . You 're saying he might have known about the Challenger defect ? Something weird is going on here , Scully . Colonel Belt 's collapsed . He 's in his office . He wasjust here . ( whimpering ) Scully : Oh , my God . Generoo : What 's wrong with him ? Mulder : Get a doctor . ( whimpering ) Help me . Help me . How can we helpyou , Colonel ? He 's having some kind ofa seizure , Mulder . Come on , come on ! Belt : It 's tearing me apart ! See ifl can get a pulse . ( moaning ) Help me . Oh , help me . I 'm bringing that shuttle down . No ! It 's out there ! Easy , easy . Belt : Spacesuits ! Give him Diazepam . No . He 's going to hurt himself . He 's trying to tell us something . Those men are running out ofoxygen . They don 't have to die . I wantyou to focus . Focus your breathing . Focus your pain . Right here . Blood pressure 1 74 over 1 20 . Vitals are rising . Mulder you 're risking an aneurysm . Focus . Nowyou 're focused . Right here . Now , you 're going to save those astronauts and you 're going to tell me how to do it . The shuttle can 't survive reentry . No . He 's lying . How doyou know it can 't survive ? The fuselage ... The fuselage is damaged . The silicone tiles are destroyed . How does he know ? How has it been damaged ? I 'm responsible . Did you sabotage the shuttle ? No , but I couldn 't stop them . Nobody can stop them . Stop who ? Pulse 1 94 . You 'll kill him . Stop who ? They don 't want us to know . They don 't want us to know . Who ? It came to me . It lives in me . It 's comingatme ! It 's comingatme ! ( screaming ) And now- - Help me ! It 's coming back ! Generoo : That 's the face I saw in the fog . We 're losing him . Defib . Hereyou go . Clear . Hit it . They 're out ofoxygen . They 've got exactly 30 minutes left in the backup system . They 're going to suffocate up there . I 've got no choice but to bring them down . It 's the only chance I 've got . Again . O2 standing by ... Hold on . We 've got vitals . Scully : We 've got to get him to a hospital . O.T.C. , this is Houston Mission Control . Doyou copy ? Roger , Houston . We 'vegotsomespookystuff uphere . O.T.C. , we 're going to bring you down . We wantyou to instigate de-orbit burn and begin deceleration . Roger , Houston . I washopingyou 'dsay that . Activating O.M.S. rockets . Allsystemsgo forreentry . They 're bringing the shuttle down . You said the shuttle would burn up on reentry . is there anything we can do to save it ? Change the trajectory . Change the trajectory to what ? Change the reentry trajectory to 35 degrees . We 've got to change the reentry trajectory . Generoo : What ? Change it to 35 degrees . 30 seconds to ionosphere reentry . Belt ... I can 't . 25 seconds . It 's your only shot . We 'd have to change landing site and inform them before blackout . 1 5 seconds to blackout . What 's the weather in Albuquerque ? Are we go for an emergency landing ? Weather in Albuquerque ? Landing conditions go in Albuquerque . T-minus five seconds to blackout . O.T.C. , this is Houston . Changeyour trajectory to 35 degrees . You 'll be landing in Albuquerque . lonosphere reentry . They get that transmission ? Two minutes to reestablish . Damn it . How much oxygen do they have ? 1 6 minutes . O.T.C. , this is Houston . Come in , O.T.C. O.T.C. , this is Houston . Come in , O.T.C. ! Anything ? What 's the point oftheir new reentry ? West of Hawaii . Hawaii 's picked the shuttle up on radar . They made it . Not necessarily . Albuquerque , doyou have radar confirmation ? Negative , Houston . Nothingon thescreen . O.T.C. , this is Houston . Come in , O.T.C. O.T.C. , this is Houston ! Come in , O.T.C. ! Houston , this is O. T. C. Youknowagoodplace to eat inAlbuquerque ? We couldmeet fordinner . - Whoo ! - O.T.C. , welcome home . You 're looking real good . Man : Yes ! The Space Shuttle touched down today at 1 0 : 56 Central Standard Time . The orbiter delivered its payload afterjust 1 3 orbits and returned to earth without incident . We at NASA are looking forward to our next shuttle mission and to future successful explorations ofspace . For mankind and for the future ofmankind . ( beeping ) No ... No more ! ( dooropens ) I just heard . Something had possessed him- - something he must have seen out there in space . The doctors who examined him said he was experiencing severe dementia . I don 't think he ever really knew exactly how it was working through him or that he ever knew that he was ... responsible for his own actions . He ordered those X rays ofthe damaged parts . I think he was trying to warn her . I think that he sent Michelle those X rays like he was trying to reach out to her without quite knowing why as ifhis own instinctual impulse was to save those men . While simultaneously trying to kill them ? Scully , we send those men up into space to unlock the doors ofthe universe and we don 't even know what 's behind them . I thinkwhatever it was , he took it with him . And in the end , that was the onlyway he knew how to stop it . There 's an investigation , you know . They haven 't ruled out foul play . He gave his own life . He was an astronaut . That was something he was prepared to do . Colonel Marcus Aurelius Belt devoted his life to the exploration and understanding ofspace- - learning its mysteries and experiencing it notjust for himself but for humanity . Lord , take this man 's soul and let it rise up toyour heavens , higher than he could ever go as a man . Let him know the true nature ofthe universe that he sought to learn . Boy : I made this .
