 The Southern Galaxy has fallen under Super Saiyan attack . T - then , the Southern Galaxy really is being ... At this rate even my Northern Galaxy will be destroyed ! Break through the shining clouds , and fly away ( fly away ) As a panorama spreads itself throughout my being The earth , having been kicked in the face , gets angry ( angry ) And makes one of its volcanoes explode ! If , within the thawed polar ice , There is a dinosaur , then I want to train him to balance atop a ball . CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA No matter what may happen , I feel as though nothing can bother me , CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA However hard your chest pounds , the Genki Dama will roar ! CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA The emptier your head is , the more room there is to pack with dreams , CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA With a cheerful face and an Ultra-Z , today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai ... Sparking ! Burn Up ! Hot Fight , Fierce Fight , Super Violent Fight Goku-sa , today 's a big day , when they 're holdin ' interviews with us as guardians ! Us parents are bein ' tested . But Gohan and Bulma and the others are off having a flower-viewing party . I wanted to go too . Chichi , how soon ? We still gotta wait another two hours . Could be even more . Aww , that long ? This outfit has me so cramped I can 't stand it ! My neck is getting stiff . We gotta keep a proper appearance about ourselves . What 's more , you gotta answer like we were practicing ' last night , or else Gohan-chan won 't qualify for this cram school ! Goku-sa , let 's practice again . " What are the father 's hobbies ? " A hobby means something I like to do , right ? That would have to be fighting against strong guys ! Don 't say somethin ' like that ! Answer " My hobbies are reading and sports . " Whoa , now ! Whoosh , there we go ! He 's more than just a dirty old man , huh ? T - there , what do you think ? Mighty fine plate spinning , huh ? Wow , nice , nice ! You 're good ! Goku-sa , our turn 's comin ' next after next after next after next after this ! Chichi , I 'm hungry ! Put up with it a little longer ! Goku-sa , what are your hobbies ? I can answer reading and sports to that , right ? That 's the way ! Ahem , " So then , what are your favorite words ? " Words ? I ain 't got any favorite words in particular . When it comes to food , there 's all kinds of things that I like , though ! No , no , no ! You can 't be sayin ' that ! " Friendship ... Effort ... Victory ... These three ! " is what you gotta answer ! You got that ? Chichi , is this interview thing a fibbing contest ? Aah , my head 's startin ' to hurt . Well , shall we go on back ? We can 't do that ! And now , my ... desire is that ... He 's quite good ! He has a way of singing all his own . He 's really that good ? Go , Kuririn ! Best in all Japan ! ... on ivory wings ... Kuririn , you rat , you 're not getting away with this ! In the sky above I wish to spread forth my wings and go once again , to your town , as the freedom of the sky ... Vegeta-sama ... What do you all want ? We have been searching for you , Prince Vegeta . ... once again , to your town , as the freedom of the sky , on my wings ... You 're Saiyan , aren 't you ? I am Paragas . ... I wish to go ! I 've been makin ' Gohan undergo a Spartan way of studying ' so that in the end , he will turn out to be a superb scientist , yes . Goku ... Goku , can you hear me ? Kaio-sama ? It 's sure been a while , huh ? Goku , something terrible has happened ! Please come to my world right away ! That 's easy for you to say ! I 'm in a tight spot here right now myself ! If I don 't answer right , Chichi ain 't going to feed me for quite a long while , after all ... If it 's food you want , I 'll feed you as much of it as you like ! The Earth may even be destroyed over this ! Please come quickly ! Oh , that is terrible ! And so , I absolutely want him attending ' this seminar ! If I may , what are the father 's hobbies ? Goku-sa ! Ah , my hobbies are , um ... reading and ... That 's it , that 's it ! Goku-sa ? Chichi , sorry , but something 's come up suddenly . Kaio-sama ... Kaio-sama ... Kaio-sama ... Ma 'am , is your husband a magician or something ? Reading and sports are his hobbies ! Hey , Goku , that was quick ! What 's with that outfit ? Well , you see ... Ooh , that 's a relief ! These clothes really are best for me . Getting right to it , Goku ... Kaio-sama , I 'm starving ! We have come to implore you to be king over New Planet Vegeta . What ? New Planet Vegeta ! ? Why don 't we show the universe the supremacy of the most powerful warrior race , the Saiyans , once again ? By your hand , we will raise the mightiest empire in the universe ! You are the only one who can defeat the Legendary Super Saiyan , King Vegeta ! Legendary Super Saiyan ? He is wreaking havoc all over an area of the Southern Galaxy with his fearsome power . At his pace , even the New Planet Vegeta that we worked to establish will fall to the Legendary Super Saiyan ... Dad ! You mustn 't fall for such a story ! Paragas , lead on ! Dad ! Be our guest as well , Prince Trunks , of the blood of King Vegeta . Vegeta ! I 'm going too ! Please don 't say such crazy things while under the influence of alcohol ! Really , you drunken old lush ! See here , let me aboard ! Vegeta ! Vegeta ! What 's this about a New Planet Vegeta ? It 's just foolishness , isn 't it ? Mom , I 'll be sure to bring Dad back here . Trunks ! The Southern Galaxy attacked by a Super Saiyan ? Mm . He 's already finished tearing up the Southern Galaxy , and appears to be after my Northern Galaxy next . Oh yeah ? Goku , it 's possible that his power may even be greater than that of you guys . Wow ! He 's that strong ! ? This is no time for you to get elated ! I want you to investigate this . Where should I go to meet this guy ? I don 't know . Kaio-sama , don 't you know everything ? Of course I do . First go check the Southern Galaxy . Your Instantaneous Movement will get you there right away . Right , if I seek out a Saiyan Ki , huh ? Kaio-sama , which way is it to the Southern Galaxy again ? That way . The Southern Galaxy is that way , is it ? There it is . It 's weak , but it 's definitely a Saiyan Ki . I 'll be back shortly . Goku , I 'm counting on you ! He ain 't here , but for him to leave this incredible a Ki behind ... This is the Ki I felt . It could be like Kaio-sama was saying , his power is higher than even ours ! It has been 30 years since Planet Vegeta was destroyed by Freeza . It has been my greatest desire to rebuild a New Planet Vegeta . I believed it was the only way I could repay your distinguished father , King Vegeta , who was so regrettably lost . Now that you have joined us here , my earnest wishes have been fulfilled . Hey , Oolong , can 't you hold me still ? Aw , I haven 't gotten over my spacesickness ! You were the one who decided to get on that thing ! What an utterly bothersome old man ! King Vegeta , Banzai ! King Vegeta , these ruffians have gathered themselves here from the far reaches of the galaxy , and have been waiting here to be your servants . My son . Please make use of him any way you see fit . I am Broli . You appear to be Saiyan too . Yes . Amazing , huh ? Ooh , the pain ! I 'm so dizzy ... Someone give me some hangover medicine ! Here you are . Oh , strong stuff , that medicine ! I have an announcement ! The Super Saiyan has appeared on Planet Totokama ! What ! ? I am leaving immediately to subjugate the Legendary Super Saiyan ! Broli , follow me . Dad ! It 's dangerous to take off so blindly ! What if we waited until more information is gathered ? Cowards need not come along ! Broli , hurry up ! Dad ! They 're flying off again . That Vegeta sure is a restless one , huh ? Oolong , that headache medicine of yours worked well ! But now my head is pounding from the medicine rush ! I wonder if this Legendary Super Saiyan really exists . Don 't you think there 's too much to this story to be true ? I have the same feeling . But Dad seems to believe it all completely . Any way you look at it , it 's not much of a planet , is it ? The cities we saw from space were the ruins of these buildings , weren 't they ? Why do you suppose this Paragas person decided to create a Saiyan nation on this kind of planet ? Hm , what 's that over there ? Looks like they 're drawing energy out of the ground . I wonder where they 're sending it . I know , the palace ! That 's why it is the only place with any greenery ! Gramps ! I 'm okay . W - we ain 't loafing off here ! Gramps just ain 't in very good shape ! It 's okay , we aren 't overseers or anything like that ! You know , it 's no use trying to build a nation on a desolate planet like this . Is that my concern ? We were brought here after the Super Saiyan devastated our planet ! They don 't even give us anything to eat very often . Saiyans , they 're the devils of the universe ! Kid , stop goofing off ! Shamo ! Shamo ain 't to blame ! It 's my fault ! You mean to defy me ! ? Stop it ! How can you do such a terrible thing ! ? You 'd better give it up ! We 're all very strong ! Father ! Goku-san ! G - Goku , what are you doing here ! ? I ain 't sure myself . I was following a Saiyan Ki ... Why is it you guys are here , for that matter ? Vegeta was asked to defeat the Legendary Super Saiyan . Has Kaio-sama asked Vegeta too ? How good of you to come , Kakarrot . Or rather , Son Goku . How do you know of me ? You 're a Saiyan , right ? You 're the child of Burdock , aren 't you ? Would you care for some supper ? Come to mention it , I am hungry ! Well then , at your leisure ... Hmm , it ain 't Paragas . The Ki I felt wasn 't from Paragas . Huh ? Goku , if you aren 't eating , I 'll have yours ! No way , I 'm starving ! The one who attacked your planet , it wasn 't Paragas ? No ! This too , this too ! Shamo , I 'll bring you some more later , okay ? Thanks ! It couldn 't be Broli , with his battle power ... Is it really how Paragas says , that there is some other Legendary Super Saiyan ? Good ! That 's the way ! Draw near quickly , Comet Gumori ! Y - you can 't mean ... Moa , there is nothing to worry about . You will get by without having to experience that terror , after all . Yes . After we relocate to Earth , I will continue to serve with all my might . Do not misunderstand . Dammit ! There was neither form nor shadow of the Super Saiyan ! I am having all efforts taken to investigate his whereabouts now . It will be just a while longer . Yo , Vegeta ! Kakarrot , have you come all the way here just to have me kill you ? Vegeta , looks like you haven 't found the Legendary Super Saiyan , huh ? Once I find the Legendary Super Saiyan , I will slaughter him ! Do not interfere . That Vegeta , he 's still wearing that tough face . Take it easy , Broli . Whoa , ow ow ow ! Hush , you ! Ah , there you are , there you are ! Say , Paragas-san , we 've gotten tired of this world , so we 're going home . Please ready us a spaceship back , if you would . Old-timer ! I don 't know what frame of mind you 're in to build an empire on a world like this ! That is enough . Please calm your Ki and remove the device . Paragas-sama , please stay calm ! According to the data provided by the computer , the remote controller is not damaged . By your will , you are free to either contain or release Broli 's power . Oh , you don 't say . The remote controller is working perfectly . Broli , what the hell is the matter with you ? Could it be Kakarrot ? Does this mean that Broli 's instincts as a Saiyan have been awakened by Kakarrot 's power , and he is starting to overcome the limits of my control ? If so , then all the trouble I 've gone to will be ... Stop ! Stop this , Broli ! Broli was the very model of a Saiyan . As he began to develop , the extraordinary battle power he was born with increased and turned savage to the same extent as I , his father , felt terror towards him . I had the scientist create a device so that I could freely control Broli . Pop , what is it ? Broli ! At last , by being able to manipulate Broli 's power at will , I had obtained the power to control the whole universe ! Assuming this controller really is working correctly , it must have been his meeting with Kakarrot ... Broli and Kakarrot were born on the same day , one right after the other . If it is Kakarrot ... I 'm shocked by Paragas ' son . He 's just been born , and yet his battle power is already 10,000 . Burdock 's son , with a battle power of only 2 , made Paragas ' son cry ! His battle power may be low , but that kid who they named Kakarrot at least has a lot of guts ! Damn ! The threads of destiny have once again intertwined here , have they ? The two infants , born on the same day and laid down in adjoining beds ... No matter what , I must control Broli , or he will destroy the whole universe ! Kakarrot-o ! The Pichi-pichi gal has such smooth skin ! Father ... You 're Broli ! Come on , stop messing around ! Oh , hell ! Cut it out ! ... so cute ! So his battle power rises all at once , just like ours does , huh ? Kakarrot ! Aw , that 's nasty ! You 're disgusting ! What I felt - it 's this Ki ! Stop this , Broli ! You 're the one who destroyed the Southern Galaxy , ain 't you Broli ? Stop it , Broli ! Stop ! Stop ! If this keeps up , no one will be able to stop Broli ! What ? Broli , we 're going back to the palace . He 's the Super Saiyan that ran riot through the Southern Galaxy ! King Vegeta , please wait ! King , Vegeta , please wait , please wait until tomorrow ! No matter what , I have to keep Vegeta nailed down here today , until the collision of Comet Gumori ! By tomorrow , we should know what planet the Legendary Super Saiyan is on ! Broli ! Kakarrot-o ! Vegeta , we 're getting tired of waiting for you ! We 've been waiting here without even having breakfast ! Oh , I 'm so hungry ! Ooh , it echoes good ! Vegeta , there ain 't any need to leave . The Legendary Super Saiyan is right here . Kakarrot , I thought I told you not to interfere ! Paragas , go on and tell Vegeta about how Broli is the Super Saiyan . That is absurd . King Vegeta , there is no way such a thing could be possible . How could Broli , with a power lower than my own , be a Super Saiyan ? King Vegeta , please return with me to the palace . Dad ! It 's a sham ! Dad , having you ascend to king , and establishing a New Planet Vegeta , it is all a lie ! What is over there are ruins ! Paragas had everything here built using these people to look like a city , in order to deceive you , Dad ! I - it 's him ! He 's the one who devastated our world ! You 've tricked me ! It looks as though as impulsive and rash as you are , you 've finally grasped it . Everything is just as your son has said . I have no attachment to this worthless planet . The only reason I used this planet was because I knew a comet would collide with it . What I 'm really after is Earth , in the Northern Galaxy , you see . My plan from the outset was to move to Earth , which has the most moderate environment and beauty in the universe , and use it as a base from which to establish my empire ! As such , it wouldn 't do to have Earth serve as a stage for battle . In order for me to acquire it unharmed , I even had this palace built and summoned you all to this planet . As for being King of Planet Vegeta , it was a laugh for me to see you believe you were such ! Once I 'd buried you here along with New Planet Vegeta , we would no longer have a single foe left . The Northern Galaxy , and of course the Eastern and Western Galaxies , would be undivided under our rule , and an empire belonging to me and Broli would stand for eternity ! Kakarrot ... Broli ! Kakarrot-o ! The Legendary Super Saiyan ! Kakarrot-o ! He didn 't so much as blink over Vegeta 's attack ! I ain 't Kakarrot ! I am Son Goku ! Excellent ! There is no longer any reason to wait for the comet ! Use the power you have now and eliminate the Saiyans from this world ! Yikes ! No ! Stop , Broli ! Don 't raise your Ki any higher ! Stop , Broli ! Calm down ! The Legendary Super Saiyan ! Kakarrot , you will be the first blood sacrifice ! Father ! Gohan ! The Legendary Super Saiyan ! We 'll be killed ! We 'll all be killed ! He is the Legendary Super Saiyan ! Hmph . As a pure Saiyan , Vegeta , you 're the only one who seems to have instinctively caught on to the might and barbarity of Broli . However , it is already too late . Now that Broli has gotten out of my control , and become the Legendary Saiyan , my plans to rule all the universe together with Broli-everything has come to an end . To say nothing of the Earth , Broli will not be contented until he 's destroyed the entire universe . You cannot have known how badly we , father and son , hated your father King Vegeta . Once he learned of Broli 's incredible battle power , your father , King Vegeta ... Eliminate the son of Paragas from this world at once ! Paragas , what is your business ? Broli is certain to grow up to be an excellent warrior , to be of service to the future of Planet Vegeta , and to Prince Vegeta ! I beg you to spare him ! That is why he is trouble . King Vegeta ! Off with you as well , together into the Next World ! Thinking Broli was certain to be a threat to your position in the future , your father conspired to kill us both , father and son . And father and son , we were disposed of like trash . However , we survived . Broli 's great dormant power preserved us from the edge of death . Ever since then , Vegeta , I have lived , thinking only to take revenge against you and your father . So , as you are torn to bits by Broli , I invite you to experience the terror that is death . If you guys don 't demonstrate the will to fight me , I will just destroy the whole planet ! You won 't get away with this ! Stop it ! There 's no way you can win ! That 's the Legendary Super Saiyan , you know ! Watch closely . Even in Hell , you won 't see a show of butchery as entertaining as this . It looks as though you 've finally decided to fight . Did you think you could defeat me with that level of power ? Broli , you 've surprised me . You really are strong , huh ? So , shall we begin the second round ? Come on now , you 're heavy ! Run away , run away ! Oh , I 'm slipping , I 'm slipping ! Kuririn-san ! Oolong , Kuririn , what happened to the Old Timer ? I 'm right here , right here ! Looks like you 're having a tough battle of it , Goku . Old Timer ... Broccoli , is it ? Can you stand against me ? It 's not " Broccoli , " it 's " Broli . " Ka ... me ... ha ... m - ... huh ? Heyo ! A-heyo ! Heyo ! Heyo ! Laugh , Laugh ! Laugh your head off and you lose ! Goku ! Muten Roshi-sama is still drunk ! The slaves we brought from Planet Shamo , huh ? You 've gazed at the stars , wishing some day to return there , haven 't you ? It would be nice to go back someday , wouldn 't it ? Planet Shamo ! H - he 's the devil ! If we let this guy live , he 'll go on destroying the whole universe ! We absolutely must win ! G - Goku , Gohan , Trunks , looks like we 're better off not being here ! Nah , looks like we 're better off getting away from this planet ! Kakarrot , is your son dear to you ? Gohan , run ! But Father - ! Go ! Gohan ! G - Gohan ! Gohan ! I 've been saving this one ! You 're a bit persistent ! My Ki is rising . It 's overflowing ! We left our box lunches from the flower-viewing party packed on that rocket . Muten Roshi-sama , more important than that , we can 't get back home . And I was still in the middle of my karaoke ... Kakarrot 's son ... So another worm has come here to die ? Hmph , do as you like , you freak ! I am a freak ? Not so . I am a devil ! Gohan , here 's a Senzu ! Eat ! Pic ... colo-san ? Piccolo-san ! Oh , it 's like being brought back to life ! Piccolo , it 's so good that you 've come ! If I hadn 't gotten that Senzu , I 'd have snuffed it for sure ! I heard the call between you and Kaio-sama . It 's a shame I couldn 't use Instantaneous Movement . I 've never sensed anything like this before . The Ki I feel is so incredible it 's like trembling . You guys sure got yourselves one awesome freak of an opponent , didn 't you ? Trunks , here 's a Senzu . It 's finally here . This planet only has a few more hours of life . Vegeta , your terror of death will end at that time as well . Be grateful . You know , it 's a good thing Piccolo has a rocket . You could have gotten off just being killed like good boys , you didn 't have to meet with such a painful fate ! I 'll give you credit for being every bit Saiyans . Masenko ! It 's no use , it 's over ! What are you babbling about ! ? If you 've got time to sulk around , then fight ! I - it 's no use ! Don 't you guys understand ! ? What kind of Saiyan prince are you ? L - let me go ! Guys , run away ! We can 't win ! Anywhere we run , it 's the same thing . If we don 't defeat him , it 's the end of the universe ! We cannot possibly win . He is the Legendary Super Saiyan , after all ! If you 've lost that much heart , then get lost , and don 't show your face again ! Why is it ? Why is it they 're facing off against him ? Why ? Why do they fight ? When there 's no way they can win , why ? We 're going to be killed ! I may be tough , but that guy is really something else ! Come on , take it easy ! What does " easy " mean ? You cursed fools ! Ka ... Me ... Ha ... Me ... HA ! What was that just now ? A lower-class warrior is fighting , and yet ... I am Vegeta ! Stop dawdling around ! Dad ! The Saiyan Prince Vegeta is your opponent now ! Hmph ! I 'm not going to let you die so easily ! Dad ! Finished yet ? Finished , all right . Scum is , after all , scum . This planet only has several hours of life left . Now that I have lost my control over you , you 'll just hold me back . It saddens me to do this , but Broli , you are to die here together with this planet . This planet will vanish very soon . Where are you going ? I - I 'm preparing to seek shelter together with you ! In a single-seat pod ? To be killed by one 's own child - is this also the destiny of a Saiyan ? Did you think it would take the explosion of a planet for me to die ? You scum , are you still alive ? I must not allow him to survive like this ! I must not lose ! Well , come on ! This will be the place where you die ! Son ! Dammit ! Give Son your power ! Piccolo-san ! Give me power ! Give me the power to defeat him ! Goku-san ... W - who is giving Kakarrot , of all people ... Son ... . Father ... . I can 't lose ! Give me more ! It 's gotta be this way , or it wouldn 't be any fun ! It 's no use , Kakarrot ! W - we can 't win ! Die hard , will you ! ? Stop , Kakarrot ! T - the prince does not give the lower class warrior ... Give me power ... The power to defeat this guy .. Dad ... V - Vegeta ! I - I beg you ! Dammit ! Power ! The power to defeat this guy ! Give me power ! I am the prince of the Saiyans ! I am the prince ! Who am I to give the likes of you - Who am I to give the likes of you - ! ? You 've lasted well , but it looks as though the end has finally come . Give me power ... Power to defeat him ... Give me power ! I am the one who is the Prince of the Sayans ! What ! ? What kind of guy is this ? I ain 't letting you get away with this ! Who am I to give the likes of you - ? Son ... Goku-san ... Father , win ! No matter how much power you absorb from those small fries , you cannot overcome me ! We 'll see ... You never know until you try ! You ain 't getting away with this ! I definitely ain 't letting you get away with this ! Impossible ! Our powers have won ! What 's this ! ? - -Hold on , hold on ... - -Where do you think you 're - ? Goku , glad you could make it ! Goku , my gratitude . Gohan , Spring Break is already over ! This is all your fault , Goku-sa ! Chichi , my hobbies are reading and sports ! Mother ! Chichi ! Hey , Chichi ! Mother ! Chichi ! Chichi ! On Earth , it is the height of a calm spring . Hot Fight , Fierce Fight , Super Violent Fight , Z ! SOS , just like it always does , my turn has come Once I go , it will be all right , I 'll count on you to back me up Smashing through the danger of the giant approaching comet , my spirits take flame ! And I burn , and I burn , just barely before the pinch , I burn ! And I burn , and I burn , hot blood comes to a boil , and I burn up ! Hot Fight , Fierce Fight , Super Violent Fight , Z ! Hot Fight , Fierce Fight , Super Violent Fight , Burning fight ! Burning fight ! My red blood is all fired up ! And I burn , and I burn , just like lightning strikes with a blast , I burn up ! Hot Fight , Fierce Fight , Super Violent Fight , Z !
