 [ Woman On TV ] We can expectmild weatheralong theAtlanticSeaboard . And here 's Matthew with his report . Well , Deborah , Stock prices fell for the third consecutive session today ... amid continued worries about the prospect ofhigher interest rates . The DowJones lndustriaIAverage fellalmost 14 1 / 2points to38 , 37 ... bringing the Blue Chip Index 's losses overthelast three days tojustunderahundredpoints . - [ TVContinues , indistinct ] - [ Sniffing ] [ MuffledCrackling ] [ Shouts ] Nine One One Operator . Police emergency . This is Dr. Saul Grissom . There 's a fire outside my apartment . I 'm trapped . Areyou at 700 East 56th Street ? Yes , apartment 606 . For God 's sake , hurry ! Fire units are being- - Somebody help ! Help ! [ Coughs ] [ Alarm BelIRinging ] [ Coughing ] [ Wheezing ] [ Alarm Continues Ringing ] [ People Clamoring ] That 's right . Please keep moving , sir . I don 't see any smoke anywhere . Get a crew up to the roof . This is Lieutenant Regan . We have a possible 23 false alarm ... in apartment 606 . Let 's confirm that location . Six-zero-six . Yes , that 'saffiirmative- - six-oh-six . It 's cold . Let 's do it ! I 'll check the bedroom . [ Man # 1 ] He looks dead . [ Man # 2 ] Nothinghere . [ Woman ] Nine One One Operator . Police emergency . This is Dr. Saul Grissom . There 's a fiire outside myapartment . I 'm trapped . Areyouat 700 East56thStreet ? Yes , apartment 606 . ForGod 'ssake , hurry ! Fire unitsarebeing dispatchedright now , sir . Pleasestayon theline . The article makes no mention ofthe fire . Yes , Agent Mulder . I can read . Grissom 's company had a number ofgovernment contracts , which would place this investigation within the Bureau 'sjurisdiction . But that 's not why you want the assignment . I think that the circumstances surrounding Grissom 's death ... warrant a closer look . I called N.Y.P.D. , but they won 't even talk to me ... unless you get the attorney general to sign offon it . Where did you get the tape ? Presumably , someone has led you to believe there 's more here than is being reported . My source- - the only one ... I 've ever trusted- - is dead . I 'll look into this further and , uh , Ietyou know . In the meantime , you have 24 hours ofwiretap tape that need to be transcribed . [ Woman ] You comin ' over , orwhat ? You said you was comin ' over two hours ago ... and I 'm waitin ' here like some stupid bimbo who ain 't got nothin ' better to do- - [ People Chattering ] [ Woman Continues ] ... waitin ' here like some stupid bimbo ... who ain 't got nothin ' better to do with my time ... thanjust sit around and wait for someone likeyou . Agent Mulder . Yeah . It 's your 302 . AssistantDirectorSkinner justapprovedit . There 's a mistake here . There 's been another agent assigned to the case . That would be me . Krycek , Alex Krycek . Skinner didn 't say anything about taking on a partner . It wasn 't Skinner . Actually , I opened the file about two hours beforeyour request , so , technically , it 's my case . And you already talked to the police ? Yeah.Just hung up on the officer in charge a few minutes ago . A detective named ... Horton . Turns out Grissom called 91 1 to report a fire . I heard the tape . Did you hear that Forensics found a spent fire extinguisher on the foor ? Grissom 's prints were all over it . The walls and foor in his living room ... were covered with ammonium phosphate . - But no trace offire ? - Not even a burnt match . - Is that all you know ? - Yeah , so far . What doyou think it means ? Listen , I appreciate the show-and-tell ... and I don 't wantyou to take this personally , butl workalone . - I 'll straighten things out with Skinner . - It 's my case , Agent Mulder . Look , I may be green , but I had the case first , so I 'm not gonna give it away so quickly . All right , I 'll tell you what . I got some work to finish up around here . Why don 'tyou go down to the motor pool and requisition us a car ... and I 'll- - I 'll meetyou down there . That 's all ? I mean , you don 't have a problem with us working together ? Hey , it 's your party . I 'll , uh , I 'll get the car . [ Scully ] Electrocutionaffects electrolyticconduction , disrupting theheartbeatand mostoftheautonomicsystems . Death actually occurs from tissue damage- - necrosis- - in the heart itself , particularly in the sinus and atrioventricular nodes . Agent Scully . Sorry to interrupt , butyou have a call from a George Hale . - He says it 's urgent . - Excuse me . - Where areyou ? - National Airport . Catching the shuttle up to La Guardia in about halfan hour . How doyou feel aboutjoining me in the big apple for an autopsy ? - What 's going on ? - I was hoping you could tell me . I can 't do it today . My last class isn 't over until 4 : 30 . Oh , that 's fine . I can have the M.E. wrap the body to go . - Mulder . - You 'll get it by 5 : 00 . [ Sighs ] What 's the name ? [ Woman ] Dr. Grissom 'salpha-wave analysis defiinedthestandard . He revolutionized the waywe think about sleep . His death is a tremendous loss to the scientific community . How many other kinds ofsleep disorder did he treat ? There are 38 different dyssomnias and parasomnias . Dr. Grissom treated them all with one unprecedented success ratio . Maintaining that kind ofbatting average must have taken its toll . - Excellence demands certain sacrifices . - [ Beeping ] - Did he ever show any signs ofpsychological stress ? - Not really , - exceptforhis own occasionalboutofinsomnia . - [ Beeping ] - But he was never delusional ? - Ofcourse not . - [ Beeping ] - What 's his story ? Thispatient 'snight terrorsprevent him from cyclingoutofREMsleep ... into themore restful slow-wavesleep . It 'sstill experimental , but what we 're trying to do is modify his brain-wave patterns externally . - How doyou do that ? - Electrical stimulation ofthe occipital lobe ... creates simple visual and auditory hallucinations . So it 's actually possible to alter somebody 's dreams ? In theory , yes . [ CarDoorOpens ] I paid offyour cab . You know , I don 't appreciate being ditched like someone 's bad date . Sorry ifl hurt your feelings . Where doyou get off copping this attitude ? I mean , you don 't know the first thing about me . - Exactly . - You know , back at the academy ... some ofthe guys used to make fun ofyou . Oh , stop it oryou 're gonna hurt my feelings . But there were some ofus who followed yourwork and believed whatyou were doing ... because we knew there was more out there than theywere telling us . [ Cell Phone Ringing ] Yeah . Dr. Grissom didn 't die from cardiac arrest . - Well , what is it ? - I thinkyou should come back up here ... and take a look foryourself . I haven 't even started on the chest and the abdomen yet ... and I 'll have a lot more to tell you then . I can make it in two hours . Where are we going ? Spleen or pancreas ? Stomach . I wasjust about to start on it . Oh , uh , this is Alex Krycek . - We 're working the case together . - Good to meetyou . You too . - Notice the pugilistic attitude ofthe corpse . - [ Clears Throat ] [ Coughing ] This condition generally occurs several hours after death . It 's caused by a coagulation ofmuscle proteins ... when the body is exposed to extremely high temperatures . Like fire ? This degree oflimb fexion ... is observed exclusively in burn-related victims . But there was no fire . And no epidermal burns to indicate as much . But when I opened up the skull , I found extradural hemorrhages which can only be caused by intense heat . Somehow , this man suffered all ofthe secondary ... but none ofthe primary physiological responses to having been in a fire . Any theories ? I can 't even begin to explain what could have caused something like this . I mean , it 's almost as if- - What ? As ifhis body believed ... that it was burning . [ Woman On TV ] ... this star burst with sapphire and cubic zirconium baguettes , all in a 1 4-karat gold band . Now , normally this ring retails for 1 350 . Well , I thinkit wouldbe a valueat900 . - [ Yawns ] - Isawitinabig department store last week for $ 1,000 . Butyouarenotgoing tobelieve what weare offeringit toyoufor . Six seventy-seven . I think- - Isn 't that wonderful ? [ Continues , indistinct ] Youleft the dooropen , Willig . Preacher ? Not a good idea leaving your door open in this neighborhood . You never know who 's gonna drop by . Damn . What areyou doing here ? How long you been in town ? Not long . Want a beer ? Howyou doing , Henry ? Huh ? Huh ? Howyou been ? How am I doing ? I 'm , uh , trying to forget , you know ? I 'm ... trying to get it out ofmy head . No luck , huh ? [ Laughs ] No . I 'm , uh , still fighting it , you know ? I keep seeing the faces . Every day ... I see- - Aw , what 's the difference ? We 're all going to hell , right ? Where doyou thinkwe 've been the last 24 years ? But after this , wherever He sends us is gonna seem like- - like an Hawaiian vacation . What doyou want here , Preacher ? You killed him , didn 'tyou ? You killed Grissom . I saw it on TV . He had to pay , Henry . All ofus have to answer forwhat we ... did over there . Can 't get away from it . No . [ Preacher ] He retainsnotHisangerforever , because He delights inmercy . He willturn again . He willhave compassion on us . He willsubdue ouriniquities , Henry . AndHe will castoffoursins into the depths ofthesea . It 's all right , Henry . It 's all over now . [ Krycek ] The victim ' sname was Henry Willig . Unemployed . Livedon disability . Thepolice foundnoindication offorcedentryorstruggle . Noabrasions orcontusions ortrace elements in thebodyand ... cause ofdeath is being listed as ... burst aneurysm . So why did your friend from Homicide call us ? 'Cause the medical examiner called him . The autopsy revealed ... forty-three small internal hemorrhages and skeletal fragments ... which doesn 't just happen spontaneously . Not without some kind ofcorresponding external trauma . What does the M.E. have to say about it ? He said ifhe didn 't know otherwise , he 'd swear theywere gunshot wounds . What 's this scar right here ? According tohismedical history , the onlysurgeryhe everhad wasanappendectomy . Well , unless they got to his appendix through his neck- - Maybe it happened in Vietnam . Willig dida tour with the Marines in 1970 , andl 'msure they didn 'tkeep thebestrecords . - Willig was a Marine ? - Yeah . So where do all Marines receive basic training on the East Coast ? Parris Island . Where Grissom was stationed from 1 968 to 1 971 . Which means that he and Willig were there at the same time . Twenty fouryears ago . [ Mulder ] Here wego . Willig was assigned to Special Force and Recon SquadJ-7 . Of 1 3 original members , he 's one oftwo survivors . Until yesterday . Which leaves us with one person who can tell us what happened at Parris Island . [ Man ] I 'vebeensupervising Mr. Cole 's treatment ... since ladmittedhim 12years ago . Afraid you won 't find him very cooperative , though . Wejust want to ask him a few questions about his military service . He doesn 't respond verywell to ... authority figures . Is that whyyou put him in isolation ? We 've had to house Mr. Cole in this section ofthe ward ... because he was interfering with our treatment ofthe other patients . How was he interfering ? He was disrupting their sleep patterns . Forpsychiatric patients especially , it 's critical that their circadian cycles be strictly maintained . Excuse me . But exactly how would Cole disrupt their sleep ? Here we are . Mr. Cole . There 's some gentlemen here to- - - You discharged him two days ago . - I most certainly did not . Don 'tyou think I 'd remember ifl did ? Well , I was on shift , Doctor , and you signed the orderyourself . That is your signature , isn 't it ? [ Cell Phone Ringing ] Let 's get Cole 's face out on the wire . - Mulder . - [ Man ] Mr. Mulder . I 've obtained information that might shed some light on your current work . Butyoumustexercise discretion when wemeet . Ifanyone follows you , I won 't be there . Who areyou ? Who I am is irrelevant . Why areyou trying to help me ? Doyou think I want to be here , Agent Mulder ? I don 't want to be here . - What is this ? - Data from a top-secret military project , born ofthe idea that sleep is a soldier 's greatest enemy . Grissom was conducting sleep deprivation experiments on Parris Island ? Not deprivation , eradication . - Why ? - Whyelse ? To build a better soldier . Sustained wakefulness dulls fear , heightens aggression . Science hadjust put a man on the moon . So they looked to science to win a losing war . And Willig and Cole were the lab rats ? Lab rats with the highest kill ratio in the Marine Corps . Four thousand plus confirmed kills ... fora 13-mansquad . You think Cole 's behind what 's happening now ? I 'm not here to doyour thinking , Agent Mulder . All I know is Augustus Cole ... hasn 't slept in 24 years . There 'ssomeone else youshouldsee . Another member ofthe squad who was reportedly killed in action . - I thought Cole was the last . - Hisnameis on the envelope . - So , how do I contactyou ? - You can 't . - I may need more . - You still don 't get it , doyou ? Closing the X-Files and separating you and Scullywas only the beginning . The truth is still out there , but it 's never been more dangerous . The man we both knew ... paid for that information with his life , a sacrifice I 'm not willing to make . Where wereyou ? Someone matching Cole 's description just robbed a drug store in Queens , - andthepolicehave locatedhim inamotelaroundthe corner . - Is he alive ? He was when the night manager saw him . So where wereyou ? Detective Horton . I 'm Agent Krycek . This is Agent Mulder . I 've been waiting foryou guys . I tried holding the SWAT guys back , but they 're getting a little antsy . Forwhatever it 's worth , Cole didn 't steal dime one from that drug store . - Just a bunch ofpills . - [ Man ] Freeze ! [ Gunfiire ] [ WomanScreams ] - Inside , now ! - [ Baby Crying ] Officer down ! [ Man ] We 'vegot two offiicers down , both critical . Requestingemergency vehicles immediately . [ Woman ] Roger . Icopyonyour offiicers down . Paramedics requested . [ Woman Continues , indistinct ] [ Panting ] What 'sgoingonhere , Mulder ? These two officers , they shot each other . Also describedin thereportisahighly experimentalneurosurgicalprocedure ... designed to induce a permanent waking state . The procedure involved cutting part of the brain stem in the midpontile region . Which would explain HenryWillig 's scar . A similar scar should also be evident on Augustus Cole . Post-op treatment included a regimen ofsynthetic supplements ... toreplenish the organic deficits causedbyprolongedlack ofsleep . This is consistent with theantidepressants Cole robbedfrom thepharmacy . These drugs maintain serotonin levels in the blood , serotonin being the primary substance produced during sleep . While it is theoretically possible ... that this procedure greatly diminished the subject 's need for sleep , I can neither quantify nor substantiate its success ... - without further clinical evidence . - [ Phone Rings ] Scully . The second officer is still in a coma so I don 't thinkwe can count on him ... to tell us what happened . I 'm going over these reports you faxed me . They 're incredible . Well , the military already sent troops through radioactive mushroom clouds . I guess they figured they had to top themselves , right ? Sleep eradication still doesn 't explain the shooting ofthose two officers . Or the anomalous autopsy results on Willig and Dr. Grissom . Well , I learned something at Grissom 's clinic about what happens to a person 's cortex ... when you stimulate it with electricity . They experience mild visual and auditory hallucinations . Any first-year med student can tell you that . Well , what ifthat stimulus were to come from a remote source ? What ifCole has somehow developed the ability to project his unconscious ? Areyou suggesting that Cole killed those people with telepathic images ? Think about it , Scully . In all thoseyears without REM sleep , maybe Cole built a bridge between the waking world and the dream world- - the collective unconscious . And what if , by existing consciously in the unconscious world , he 's developed the ability to externalize his dreams ... and effectively alter reality ? Even ifyou 're right , you 'll have a much better chance of finding Cole ifyou work up a profile ... and try and surmise his next move . All right . I 'll sharpen my pencils and I 'll seeyou later . [ Knocking ] I 'll be right there , Krycek . Where areyou going ? We 're gonna check on another member ofthe squad ... see ifhe can tell us something about Cole . Sounds likeyour new partner is working out . He 's all right . He could use a little more seasoning ... and some , uh , wardrobe advice , but he 's a lot more open to extreme possibilities than- - - Than I was ? - Than I assumed he would be . Must be nice not having someone questioning your every move , poking holes in all your theories . Oh , yeah , it 's great . I 'm surprised I put up with you for so long . You better go . I 'll , uh , read over this report again ... and see what else I can come up with . Okay . ~ ~ [ Folk BalladOn Radio ] Later , Sal . Salvatore Matola ? You gonna shoot me ? You gonna kill me ? No . We 're with the F.B.I. Wejust wanted toaskyousome questions . Why did you think we were here to kill you ? I don 't know . You know about Willig and Grissom , huh ? I read about it in the paper . I figured theywere finally killing us all off . Who ? Sal , can you spare a few minutes ? Yeah , I guess so . I got a break coming up . [ Muttering ] Spare a few minutes- - I guess- - They said it 'd be like living two lifetimes . And that- - at first th-that 's what it was like . Not having to sleep and all ... made us feel like nothing could touch us , you know ? Uh , we 'd do 24-hour patrols , night ambushes , you know , - that type ofthing . - And you never got tired ? No . Not so that we had to sleep . And then , nothing that the pills couldn 't fix . - Serotonin ? - Yeah . How long did this go on ? Quite a while . I 'd say- - Quite a while , uh , until we stopped taking orders ... from Company Commander in Saigon . The entire squadron went AWOL ? Yeah , something like that . Well , then who did you take orders from ? We didn 't . Wejust made up missions as we went along . You know , till it didn 't matter anymore who we were killing- - Farmers , women . Outside of Phu Bai there was this ... school . And , uh , theywerejust kids . No one ever tried to stopyou ? No , sir . We suspect Augustus Cole may be behind the murders ofWillig and Grissom . You mean Preacher ? Th-That 's what we used to call him ... on account ofthat he was always reading from his Bible , you know . Saying thisandthat aboutJudgmentDay . Saying that one daywe were going to have to pay forwhat we were doing . That-That 's ... what he said back then . That-That 's what he 'd say . But why Grissom ? He was never in country . He wasn 't even part ofthe squadron . Sure , he was . He made us what we are . Him and Dr. Girardi . - Who 's Dr. Girardi ? - The other doc ... on the project . The one who did the surgeries on us . It 's because ofhim ... that ... I haven 't slept a night in 24 years . I 'mstillnotclear whyyou think Cole willgoafterGirardi . Cole sees himselfas a kind ofavenging angel . In his mind , everyone responsible for the atrocities- - whether directly or indirectly- - must be punished . Yeah , but why now ? Why after all theseyears ? Phu Bai was one ofthe bloodiest massacres ofthe war- - Over 300 children slaughtered . But unlike My Lai , no U.S. troops were ever charged . The 24th anniversary ofthe massacre was two days ago . [ Cell Phone Rings ] Mulder . I think I found the Francis Girardi you 're looking for . He 's a professor ofneurosurgery at Harvard . Doyou have his number in Boston ? Yes , except he 's coming to New York for Grissom 's funeral . - When ? - Tonight . He 's arriving at Bronx Station on the 7 : 30 train . Well , try to have a photograph waiting for us at the security desk ... so we know who we 're looking for , okay ? Got it . Mulder , F.B.I. Yougotaphoto forme ? [ Man ] Righthere . Stay here . I 'll cover the other side . Federal Agent . Dropyourweapon ! Drop it ! [ Gunshots ] Mulder . Youallright ? Girardi ! Where is he ? Girardi 's not here . I saw him . He was- - Mulder . You were shouting and waving your gun around , but Girardi never showed . No . Girardi was here , and so was Cole . Wejust missed them . Mulder , iftheyhadbeenhere , I wouldhaveseen them . I 'm tellingyou , Mulder , they weren 'there . [ Mulder ] Okay , there 'snothinghere solet 's rewindthe tape . Start withasmall window oftime , say 19 : 35 to 19 : 45 . Ifyoudon 'tfiindanything within that time frame , then open it up one minute at a time . With all these cameras we should be able to see something . Can we talk for a second ? What 's the problem ? Well , you still haven 't answered my question about what happened . I told you . I thought I saw Girardi . But come on , youjust about killed someone back there . We both know I 'm covering foryou by keeping it between us . All right , what doyou want to know ? just the truth . There 's things you 're not telling me that I need to know . Yeah . It 'sjust that my ideas aren 't very popular . I told you . I want to believe , but I need a place to start . I think that Cole possesses the psychic ability ... to manipulate sounds and images to generate illusions ... that are so convincing they can kill . How 's that for a theory ? Puts a whole new spin on virtual reality , but at least it begins to explain some things . [ Man ] AgentMulder . See this car in the upper right corner ? Yeah . It wasn 't there fiveminutes ago . Where is this ? That 's track 1 7 . It 's a restricted part oftheyard . [ Man ] Whatareyoudoing ? This is insane . You can 't do this to me . You can 't hold me responsible . I was following orders . just likeyou . - The Lord hates a lying tongue . - It 's the truth . The truth is whatyou did to us- - whatyou made us do . No one madeyou do anything . You volunteered . The righteous shall rejoice when he sees the vengeance . [ Clattering ] Who is it ? [ Footsteps ] Who 's there ? He shall wash his feet in the blood ofthe wicked . Who is it ? I can 't see without my glasses . You don 't need to see to know who it is . You know who it is ! [ Footsteps , Clanking ] You shall pay ... as thejudges determine . Youshallgive life forlife , eye foreye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot , burn for burn , woundfor wound , strike forstrike . As he has disfigured a man , soshallhebe disfigured . And he who kills a man , shall be put to death . [ ManScreams ] [ DoorSlams ] He 's still alive . Put pressure on the wound on the back ofhis neck and radio for help . Now ! Uh , this isAgentKrycek requestingemergencyassistance . Mylocationis track 17 ina freight warehouse . Stepaway from the edge . Corporal Cole , I 'm a federal agent . Now please step back . Go ahead . Shoot me . That 's not why I came up here . I 'm putting down my gun . I just wanted to talk toyou for a few minutes . - After thatyou 're free to do whateveryou want . - I 'm tired . - I know . - No , man . You don 't know . You have no idea . One minute is all I 'm asking . - [ SirensApproaching ] - A minute 's more than I care to give . The blood 's boiling in myveins . I can feel the air stinging on my skin . What the military did toyou was wrong , but maybeyour testimony can help . They cut out a piece ofmy brain . They made me into somebody else . And I can never get back what they took away from me . Butlcanstop them from takinganythingmore . [ Gun Cocking ] Krycek , put down the gun and get out ofhere . Krycek , I said put down the gun ... andgetoutofhere . No ! Good ... night . He had a gun . He was going to shootyou . You did the right thing . [ Scully ] Theybrokeintomyoffiice , went through my filles , mycomputer . I came down as soon as security called , but the report was already gone . Someone went to a lot oftrouble stealing both our copies ... - to keep this a secret . - I know . But without that report as evidence , Skinner 's not going to authorize an investigation . He said it 's never been more dangerous . Skinner ? The man who leaked us the report . The one who 's been helping us . You actually met with him ? He said that closing down the X-Files wasjust the beginning- - that we 've never been in greater danger . Doyou trust him ? Doyou know where he got this ? [ Man ] Notyet . Buthegotit . Whichmeanshe 's eitherfoundanothersource , oranothersource has foundhim . Sir , ifl can recommend something . You 'll see that I 've outlined several countermeasures . What about Scully ? Reassigning them to other sections ... seems only to have strengthened their determination . Scully 's a problem . A much larger problem than you described .
