 - the name 's Brogan , lieutenant Brogan . For 20 years , I was with the n.Y.P.D. Now ... Well , let 's just say , " I 've transferred to another precinct . " - Our new Temple is exquisite , sister nevik . - Thank you , my icar . I was guided by your spirit in its design . - Not mine , I 'm afraid . I could not create a floor , let alone an entire temple . Is it not impressive , brother tendall ? - It is impressive . But I 'm not at all surprised . Sister nevik has always been full of designs . - Fellow pyrists behold the eternal flame , symbol of our faith from its humble origins centuries ago to its new Beginning on this day . We hereby consecrate this temple to the spirit of pyrism , the purity of fire , flame without end . Let it be so . - Let it be so . - There is a traitor in our midst , a heretic who pretends to share our sacred views but who is motivated by power and greed . He is false to the fire . He has no fire in his heart , but there shall be ! - " here 's me riding a kirkurin . " P.S. , we ate it for dinner . " - Aw ! Two weeks in New hawaii and the guy 's finally lost it . - I don 't think haldane ever had " it . " I know one thing . He 's gonna kick Himself for missing this one . - Oh , I don 't know . Spontaneous combustion 's seen all the time . - Never seen anything like it . There was no physical contact , nothing out of the ordinary . - Took , a-a woman pointed her finger and a man burst into flames . I 'd say that was out of the ordinary . - She 's a priest , lieutenant . Sister nevik brok , the icar vedra 's right hand . - Uh , what 's an icar vedra ? - The icar is the pyrist spiritual Leader . He 's an extraordinary man . - You a pyrist , tooky ? - I guess I 'm looking for the answers without knowing all the questions . - Sounds like what we do for a living . - Tendall kalike was a good man . I want nothing . - You need to relax- - The herbs will help . - I loved him like a son . - and he thought you were a fool . - Brother kalamandro ! - Forgive me , my icar . I cannot remain Silent any longer . To your face , he was one way , behind your back , another . - is this so ? - It 's your own goodness which blinds you to the evil of others . - and you said nothing ? - You know the words of the dascal . " There is justice in the fire . " - I 'm sorry to disturb you , my icar , But the police , they wish to interview you . - You rest . I 'll take care of this . - See you back at the station house , all right ? - All right . - Uh , lieutenant Brogan , this is , uh , sister nevik brok . She 's the one who , uh , Well , uh , you ... - What the officer is trying to say is somehow I became the medium for divine intervention . - I see . Um , you don 't think you could be a little more specific ? - You may find it difficult to believe , but a Miracle occurred here earlier . Tendall kalike was purified by the eternal flame . In his heart , he betrayed us , and his heart betrayed him . - lieutenant , I refuse to believe that brother tendall was a heretic . I 've known him since I came here as a seeker . He was a good , kind man . Is it possible that anybody here considered him a threat ? - Yes , tell us sister Fancher . Maybe you 're aware of something I am not . - No , sister nevik . - Now that you 've seen our temple 's soul , perhaps you 'd like to see the brain ? We oversee many technical details there . - Tell you what ... why don 't you take officers orrin and castle ? - Yes , of course . Follow me . - Anything ? - Zilch . - All right . Bromek ! - Yes ? - It 's me . I 'm in the passageway behind the wall . Go stand in the spot where the priest was killed . - No problem , lieutenant . All right , I 'm here . - Yeah , so I see . - This all looks pretty sophisticated . - Ah , not really . Just normal security screens , processes to control the temple 's exterior illumination , that sort of thing . - We are very lucky to have brother Ken and his special expertise . - can I help you , Officer ? Brother kalamandro . - Yeah , what 's all this ? - These tanks contain fuel for the flames outside the temple . Or did you think that was a Miracle also ? - I don 't believe in miracles . - Pity . - at this point , given the condition of the remains , the coroner can only determine that kalike burned to death . - Ah , Well , now , that 's a revelation , isn 't it ? - and he was pretty sure that the fire began in Kalike 's heart . - Has he enlightened us as to how that could 've happened ? - Afraid not . - Have you any ideas ? - Could be micro-Waves , possibly Delta-Waves . Neither would be detectable in an autopsy , but that 's only speculation , of course . - There is at least one other possibility , captain . - took . - the dascal , the pyrists Bible , tells the story of a disciple whose heart burst into flames because his thoughts were impure . - I 'm not quite sure how to respond to that . - Uh , Carson , I noticed a small diameter hole in one of the altar room walls . It looks like it was lined up with the spot where kalike was standing . - Well , micro-Waves would only need a pin point to do the job . - Has anyone found a micro-Wave generating device ? - We searched the place from top to bottom . Nothing . - Then we have no hard evidence , do we , lieutenant ? - Uh , no , sir . - Look , people , we 're treading a fine line here . These pyrists are protected by the laws governing freedom of religious practice . If they cry foul , I don 't need to tell you how difficult our job would become . Took , you 're a member of this cult , correct ? - Not really , sir . It was only my second visit , and it 's not exactly a cult . - whatever it is , I want you to keep your eyes open whenever you 're there . Remember , you 're a police officer 26 hours a day . - Yes , sir . - there 's one other thing , captain . Kalike 's feet have been burned before . They were scarred over and callused . The coroner doesn 't know what to make of it . - Well , it 's something . Let 's invite that brok woman in for a chat . Perhaps she can enlighten us . - And this one couldn 't tell you what you needed to know ? - I only recently became a seeker , sister nevik . - Ah . The seekers are non-Official members of our order . If they choose to join us , then they become initiates . After much work and study , an initiate becomes an acolyte . - Like brother kalamandro ? - Yes . A very few of us , like brother tendall and myself , are called to become priests . - hmm . Maybe it 's just me , But , uh , what 's all this got to do with tendall Kalike 's feet ? - Every priest must undertake periodic FIRE walks over molten lava to prove the strength of our belief . As a result , all priests have scarred and blackened feet . - Thank you , miss brok . - Sister nevik is my correct title . - Sister nevik , thank you for coming in to talk to us . - You really think that I killed brother tendall ... don 't you ? Pyrism is a benevolent belief , sergeant . We have no wish to harm anyone , not even a traitor . - Well , lieutenant is my correct title , sister , and somebody Sure as hell HARMED tendall kalike . - is it so impossible for you to believe that he might have done it to himself , that a heart in conflict with itself Might just explode in flames ? - Yeah , it is . And how did you know that his heart was the source of the fire ? - The dascal says it was so . You might try reading it sometime , lieutenant . Then you , too , might find the fire . You 're not actually gonna go through with a fire ceremony for kalike . - Now that the authoritieshave returned his remains , yes . - But what would the congregation say ? - Perhaps they will say that it is the proper thing to do . - Or that you are going against the dascal . - What will you say ? - It doesn 't matter what I say . I 'm only one . But it is difficult to explain why you feel compelled to honor a heretic . - Because my heart is unconvinced . To me , tendall kalike will always be innocent . - You heard what kalamandro said . Kalike spoke against you . - If he had things to say against me , he would have said them to me . Tendall will be granted a full fire ceremony . He lived as a loyal pyrist , he 'll be remembered as one . - I warn you , my icar , if you go through with this , it could divide the church . - So , sister , what are my choices ? If I do as my conscience dictates , yes , I could divide the church . But if I ignore my conscience , I would be a Leader in name only . Better , I think , a feeble-Minded icar vedra than a cowardly one . You worry too much . - Because , my icar , you worry too little . I am guilty . I have sinned . - Brother tendall ! - I sought not piety but gold and glory . I am unworthy . May the fire forgive me ! - She told you , old man . Maybe now , you 'll believe her . - I 'm not questioning what you saw , took . I just wanna know how it was done . - Well , I have questioned it , captain . And I 'm pretty sure I found the answer in the dascal . - You know , took , we 've programmed slomo to reconstruct voices . Maybe the pyrists did something similar . - don 't patronize me , lieutenant . I know what I saw . Look , I know you 're skeptical , but sometimes you gotta believe in something bigger , something greater . - Tooky , I 'm just a koffin , not a theologian , but I 'm a tough old nut to crack . It 's my nature . So , uh ... humor me and , uh , keep looking around , huh ? - Yes , sir- - May I go now ? - Yeah . You think I should take her off the investigation ? - Nah , she 'll be okay . She just wants us to keep an open mind . - What about you ? Are you a believer ? - Certainly not in pyrism . - in anything ? - Well , if haldane doesn 't get back from vacation pretty soon , I believe that I 'm gonna drown all the paperwork that 's piling up on our desk . - Why are we questioning the authority of the icar vedra ? - That poor man is senile . - How dare you ! - Because someone must . The icar is old , so old he cannot even recognize the omens that were foretold . - Were they omens , brother kalamandro , or something else ? - A false prophet set aflame by his own evil , a corpse who confesses his sins from the other side , a child can recognize such signs . - and I say that the icar vedra is our appointed Leader . It is he , and he alone , who has the power to recognize the omens . - Sister nevik , what do you say ? - I don 't know . I admit , I 'm torn . I love and respect the icar vedra , but even I can 't ignore the signs . Perhaps the day of emulation is near . - We 've all seen the signs . Only the icar is blind . - and who would you have replace him ? You , brother ? - me ? I will never be loved enough to lead . But there is one among us who could , one through whom the fire has spoken . - No ! Brother Kalamandro , thank you , but my loyalty is to the icar vedra . - your loyalty , sister nevik , shouldn 't be to a man . It should be to the fire . - man , this stuff is creepy . It 's all " fire this " and " Fire that . " " May you find the fire . " may the fire be with you . " I tell you , it 's stupid . - Yeah , they believe the end of the world is coming . They call it the day of ... imitation . - Emulation , brainless . - Matt . - anyway , the guys at school think it 's dumb . They just goof on it . - Yeah ? Why ? - I told you , it 's dumb . - It 's silly . - " let it be so . " Come on , dad , get virtual . You don 't believe this stuff . - No , but there might be things I do believe that the pyrists think are silly and dumb . That doesn 't mean I want 'em laughing ' at me . - Oh , you 're just sayin ' that , daddy . - am I ? - So you agree with them ? - I think what your father is saying is that beliefs are a very personal thing , maybe even a sacred thing , whether you agree with them or not . - As long as they 're not harming ' anyone , respect other people 's belief , even if you think they 're dumb . Same way you want them to respect your belief . - I get it . So it means , if I believe I should go downtown to that reality arcade anasi , you 'd respect my beliefs ? - Yeah , we 'd respect it , but actually letting you do it , I believe not . - Nice try , Matt . - I was so close . - Have some relish . - Have some tongs . - Relish ? - Fredo , what 's up ? - I got a call on hold from a sister Fancher . She 's down at the pyrist temple . She asked for you , said it was urgent . - Patch her through . Sister Fancher . - lieutenant , I need to talk to you . - I 'm listening . - No , not here . It 's not safe . Is there somewhere , not the station house , someplace we can meet privately ? - She took the Hopper ? - Yeah . - Good . - right here , sister . - There he is . Thank goodness . - Purify her . - You 're damn right I 'm taking it personally . They killed Fancher , and they almost nailed me in the bargain . - She could 've been on a suicide mission . - You didn 't talk to her . - Well , maybe it was an accident . - Took , could be right . We found nothing on the records that indicate sabotage . - Yeah , right , an accident , just like tendall kalike 's death was a Miracle . Bottom line here , people , we 've got no facts , just coincidences , huh ? - Like my grandpa used to say , " if there wasn 't such a thing , " we wouldn 't need a word for it . " - Yeah , well , I don 't believe in coincidences , and I don 't believe in miracles . I 'm tellin ' ya , Fancher knew something , and when she tried to tell me , they eliminated her . - Ah , speculation , coincidences , call it what you will- - It still adds up to nothing . - " Hey , how ya doin ' , haldane . " good to see you , Buddy . " - Hey , hey ! - How was your vacation ? - Welcome back . - Welcome back , haldane . - Yeah . - Let me guess , another grass skirt ? - Glad to have you back , haldane , but let 's get back to the matter of hand . Obviously , there is something going on at that temple . I 've decided to put some people in there and find out what it is . - Uh , captain , nevik brok was in the station house . There 's no telling who she saw or who she might remember . - that 's not exactly True . There 's one person we know she didn 't see . - Hey , no problem . Working undercover , or under covers , is my specialty . - Always a consummate professional , haldane . - Did you say " Consummate " ? - Okay , knock it off , you two . As a matter of fact , haldane , you 've always been a part of my plan . - Cool- - Sounds like fun . - The idea isn 't to have fun . The idea is to gather information . As your partner , I 've arranged to borrow an officer from the 38th precinct . You all know my daughter , samina . - It 's called " t.I.M.E. " Temporary immersion memory education . - I 've heard of it , but it 's never actually been used in the field , has it ? - No , it did cause some adverse side effects in early simulations . - Such as ? - Oh , potential brain wave anomalies . Something you don 't have to worry about , haldane . Be back in a flash . You kids get to know each other . - look , I just wanna be treated like any other police officer , except Jane castle , that is . - What is that supposed to mean ? - Oh , touchy . - Look , whatever castle said about me , don 't believe it , unless , of course , it was good . So what about you , huh ? I don 't really know anything about you , except the fact that , well , your father was not real excited that you became a police officer in the first place . - Forget about my father ! - That 's not real easy to do . - Okay , I spent two years at demeter university on an athletic scholarship before applying to the academy . Married once , for about five minutes . No kids- - No pets . Anything else that you might want to know ? - No , not if you don 't wanna tell me . - I guess you think that I 'm just some kind of excess baggage ? - No , not really . Look , I just don 't wanna have to worry about protecting your Butt , okay ? - Haldane , I don 't even want you to think about my Butt , much less worry about protecting it . - Okay , we 're all set . We 've downloaded everything ever written about pyrism , including the dascal . Come morning , you 'll be a couple of walking encyclopedias . We 're gonna learn all of it in one night ? - That , plus details of your new personal histories . Haldane , you 're about to become Tate huxley , earth studies professor . Samina , you 're kilma worshem , a techno-Physicist from danai . Where was this thing when I was taking differential calculus ? - " to die- - To sleep . " " to sleep , per chance to dream . " [ indistinct ] - As seekers , you 've expressed your undying faith in the fire . Now you 're ready to begin your time as initiates . It won 't be easy . Your faith will be constantly tested , and in the end , some of you will find that merely saying , " the fire is within you , " won 't make it so . - Hello . - You wish to contribute something ? - Uh , yes . I was just about to tell the sister about the inspiration for the eternal flame . - Pray- - Continue . - Okay , um , well , when the profit egora was banished in the land of ice , he was given only one match and a small pile of kindling , but he also had faith . And a year later , when that banishment ended , that small pile of kindling was still burning . - You know your dascal Well , seeker . Tate . Then perhaps you can tell us why it is that our temples are built with such a distinctive shape . - Yes , of course , because the ... because the ... uh ... you know , I can 't seem to remember that one . - because in the second book of dascal , chapter six , it is written that the pyramid is the shape which most closely resembles our holy flame . - Yes , Well , thank you , brother kalamandro . Actually , I believe it was chapter five . - Brother Ken here will show you to your assigned cells . I suggest you relax and meditate . Tonight you 'll witness a ceremony marking the end of your time as seekers and your introduction to the temple as initiates . - Fire water . - You said something , seeker Tate ? - me ? No- - No , brother kalamandro . Ten to one , it 's the fire water . - Has our contact turned up anything on Tate huxley ? - Not yet . He , uh , he appears to be legitimate . Why are you so interested in this guy ? - Because I don 't like him . - Whatever- - We have other ways to obtain information . - Good- - use them . - Initiates , behold the wondrous marvels of unwavering faith from this . - kalamandro ! - No ! - What in egora 's name do you think you 're doing ? - I don 't know . I saw ... - You saw what ? - I ... saw the chance to prove my worthiness . - It 's remarkable . They 're almost healed . - I don 't know- - I 'm still in a lot of pain . You can 't blame a guy for tryin ' . - Yes , but I can blame you for pulling that idiot stunt . - look , I saw you do it , and I thought it was ... I don 't know . - Mind over matter . - Ah , exactly . If you don 't mind , it doesn 't matter . - Uh ... so tell me the truth . Why did you do it ? - I felt something . Maybe it was the spirit of egora , I don 't know , but it was this irrepressible , undeniable impulsion . - Ah , I understand . Any other reason ? - I wanted you to notice me . - Well , it obviously worked . So ... Have you found what it is you came here seeking ? - Definitely . - Meaning pyrism , of course . - Oh , yeah , that , too , of course . I just wish I would 've got here sooner . From what I hear , I missed all the excitement . Come on- - It 's not everyday that a guy explodes into flames and then confesses all his sins from the grave . I would 've given a lot of credits to see that . - What I like about you , brother Tate , is your irreverence , but there are some things you shouldn 't joke about . I have to go or I 'll be late for assembly . Come and see me tomorrow . - Hey , whoa , whoa , whoa , Wait , wait , wait . Uh ... uh ... you know , when I was , uh , walkin ' on that fire , I think I may have burned my lip a little . - Ah , and you need some balm to soothe them , do you ? - Somethin ' like that . - Sister nevik , if you 're not too busy . - Yes , I 'm on my way . We 'll continue our lessons tomorrow . - Sister nevik has many responsibilities here in the temple . I will not have you interfering with her . Now get out ! - Touchy . - I 've , uh , isolated a number of different angles . - And you patched them through to our contact ? - Immediately . I have no response yet . Everyone else checked out fine . You ... You really think there 's more to Tate huxley than meets the eye ? - No . I think there 's less . - Lieutenant Brogan , I have received the profile you requested from interplanetary . The pyrists acolyte kalamandro . - about time . - It was in the inactive file . I have uploaded it onto your screen . - Thanks . Well , well , brother kalamandro has a past . So , before there was a kalamandro , there was an Andrew kalam . Before there was a pyrist , there was an arsonist . - Well , he 's been straight for the last ten years . - Yeah , well , that 'D explain why it 's in interplanetary 's dead file . - Well , ten years is also about the amount of time he 's been with the temple . Maybe pyrism helped him change . - it happens . - Uh , took , look ... maybe it is all miracles and coincidence . I don 't think so . I hope I 'm wrong . - I 'm just looking for the truth , lieutenant , that 's all . - Brogan , I think you should have a look at this . - Uh , you wanna translate for me . E.P.U. Hieroglyphics were never my strong suit . - Well , basically , it means someone 's been running an I.D. Check on Tate huxley . - An unauthorized I.D. Check . - Which could only be carried out by someone with confidential access . - But there 's nothing to find , right ? - Right- - Tate huxley is as clean as a tarned incubator . - So there 's no problem ? - Not yet . - I 'm here . - This is really risky . - We had no choice . Someone 's been taking a very strong interest in Tate huxley . - Have things been compromised ? - No- - We think you should be prepared to pull out at a moment 's notice . - Well , it 's not as easy as you might think . In the first place , haldane , hasn 't given me the time of day in over a week . - He probably has a reason . - I can think of two and neither one is good . Either he 's decided to work alone or he 's been seduced . Sister nevik can be very persuasive . - Haldane 's a good cop- - He knows what he 's doing . - Let 's hope so . - We got this just yesterday from our dutiful daughter . She says , " I 'm ready to give up police work " and become a beachcomber in New hawaii . " - It 's samina 's way of giving the old man a hard time . - Maybe she 's serious . I mean , new hawaii 's a very seductive place . - Now don 't you start , Sally . - Gee , I don 't know , captain . Haldane tries to go their every chance he gets . - Now I am worried ! - Where 's haldane been lately ? - Um , he 's , uh , puttin' in a lot of overtime to pay for his trips to new hawaii . - Mom , dinner 's about done . - Oh , good . Um , five minutes . - Need any help ? - Sure . Okay . - You 're not gonna tell fama , are you ? - I assume you haven 't told Sally about haldane 's assignment . - Haldane 's my partner , not my daughter . - I ... I don 't wanna worry her . - Oh , so you 're gonna do the worrying for two ? - Not anymore . I 've been thinking about castle 's meeting with samina . It 's time to get them out of there . - His real name 's Jack haldane . He 's with the 88th precinct . - I knew it . Can you provide me the hardcopy as well ? - I can , and I have . - a closed door Usually Means wait until you 're invited in . Kalamandro ! - He walks in here out of the blue , an instant expert on pyrism . He walks on fire . He quotes the dascal better than the icar vedra ! - Nice likeness , wouldn 't you say , Officer haldane ? - You knew he was a cop . - that 's why he 's here- - To confess his sins and to embrace pyrism . - or to cover his Butt . - You 're wrong , brother kalamandro . Maybe it is True I came here under false pretenses , but ... sister nevik has shown me the way . - You 're a liar . I know what 's going on between you two . It 's affected your judgment ! - Of course , your envy hasn 't affected your judgment . - Please , please , sister nevik , brother kalamandro . The fire has been lit in my heart . I 've seen the error of my ways . Now all I want to do is serve you and pyrism . Please ... give me the chance to redeem myself . - It 's an honor to be invited to accompany you , sister nevik , but where are we going ? - for a little ride , Officer podly . - I don 't understand , brother . - There is only truth in the fire . All else is lies and deceit . - You traitor ! Please , haldane ! Please , haldane ! Don 't ! Please ! Haldane ! This is crazy ! Please ! Why ! Haldane ! Haldane ! Please ! Please ! Haldane , this is crazy ! Haldane ! Don 't ! Don 't ! - And now for final the purification of your soul . - Now he 's one of us . - Ask me , this isn 't a temple it 's a damn Roach motel . - Yeah . Nobody here gets out alive . - This is a clear violation of our religious freedom , captain podly . - One of my officer 's is missing . As I recall , you were the ones who reported it . - We reported an initiate missing . - And that does not give you the right to turn our temple upside-Down . - So , Sue me ! - Please , please let us remember where we are . I confess I am perplexed as to why an undercover Officer was posing as a member of my congregation in the first place . - With all due respect , two of your flock have died under unusual circumstances . And now this ! - If I knew of any unlawful activity in my temple , I would tell you . - that 's good to know . - Last time anyone saw Samina was yesterday , during evening prayers . - What about haldane ? - We 've sent for him . - So after dinner she went back to her room ? - Uh , she had said something about going to a sound and light show . Uh , I never saw her again . I 'm sorry , lieutenant . Sister kilno , or whoever she was , seemed like a good person . - That 'll be all , Mr. Flexen . - Just wish They 'd stop talking about samina in the past tense . - I 'm told you gentleman wish to speak with me . - Damn right . What happened to my daughter ! - I thought sister nevik told you . - Ah , you can drop the cover . - I already have . I told my brothers and sisters that I was a police officer . - Before or after samina disappeared . - Whoa , wait a minute , captain . What the hell 's goin ' on , Jack ? - Well , it 's like brother kem said- - - No , I mean what 's going on with you ? - I 'm resigning from the force . - What ? - You can 't be serious . - for once in my life , that 's exactly what I am . I 'm not quite sure I understand it myself and I-I don 't know what to say , except the fire is within me now . And I cannot serve both you and pyrism . Captain , we truly do not know what happened to samina . Now if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to go and pray to egora for her safe return . - I 'm telling you , castle , nobody on the street know nothin ' . at least not about podly 's daughter . - What are you saying , zipload ? - The only missing ' cop anyone 's talkin ' about is haldane . You know ? Joinin ' those fire freaks and all . Yeah . Thanks . For nothing . - I have uploaded samina podly 's visual matrix to every police agency on demeter . As well as the databank at interplanetary . - I assumed you checked the hospitals , coroner ? - Affirmative , lieutenant . Nothing so far . - Okay , slomo . Stay on it . You guys havin ' as much luck as I am . - Perhaps haldane 's got a plan . - Well if he does , I wish he 'd let us in on it . - Maybe he can 't . I wish we knew what was going on in his head . - Took ? - I 'm going to the temple for evening prayers . Don 't worry , guys . I 'm a cop 26 hours a day , remember ? - Thanks , tooki . Well for now the only lead we 've got to go on is orrin and romek 's . - What 's that ? - A space cap at the shuttle station thinks he may have helped samina load some luggage . - Damn it ! I never should have partnered samina with that cowboy ! - Captain , we don 't know for sure that there 's a connection . - Oh , come on , Brogan ! Even you must believe in this coincidence . - Uh , I think we ought to give the media samina 's photo . Somebody 'll maybe see it . - I want to hold off on that as long as possible . - Yeah , but- - - It 's not up for discussion , lieutenant . As far as my wife is concerned , samina is still in new hawaii . - Captain- - - I 'm not interested in what you think ! I 'm interested in Finding my daughter ! Now get out of my office and do it ! - These are troubled times , brothers and sisters . Our faith is constantly being tested . Many of those would see us fail , but we shall not fail . For even now as we mourn the passing of brother tendall and sister Thatcher , so must we rejoice . We rejoice for they have found salvation in the eternal flame . In the fire of cleansing and purification . So shall we all . Pyrists must rededicate ourselves to the fire . Let it be so . - Let it be so . - Let it be so . - Ahh ! Ahh ! - Save us ! Oh ! - Fire serpents ! Brothers and sisters it is just as the dascal foretold . - Seka took , you saw them . The fire turned to serpents . The earth rupture . And so the people knew the world would be cleansed . - This is madness ! - That may be so , but our people are frightened . - How can they truly believe that the day of emulation is at hand ? - Because they have read the dascal . Because they live by it . And because they have witnessed the three prophecies . - The holy dascal was never meant to be taken at face value . Now you know that sister nevik- - - Then how do you explain the omens , my icar ? We cannot just ignore them . - Brother kalamandro recently Visited megalon seven , - Did he not ? - Yes . We 're always looking for new converts to our faith . - as I recall , tydra serpents exist only on megalon seven . He returned here with serpents eggs , placed them on the holy flame , knowing they would incubate and then Hatch . - Kalamandro would never jeopardize the congregation . Tydra serpents are the most deadly reptiles in the universe . - There was no danger . He knew that the serpents would die once they were exposed to our atmosphere . Another convenient little Miracle . - But to what end ? - To discredit me , of course ! It was no Miracle . It was a prop perpetuated by kalamandro , and by you . - These are very serious charges . - I don 't hear you denying them . - of course I deny them ! You senile old fool ! - Better senile than evil , sister nevik ! - You are no longer fit to lead our congregation . Not with the day of emulation almost upon us . - Only the flame can decide the True Leader . - Hey . - Hey . - What time is it ? - It is late . What are you working on ? - Um , nothin ' . just thinkin with a pen . - About haldane ? - Mmm , and samina . - How are podly and fama holding up . - Okay , under the circumstances . - I think I 'll call fama tomorrow and see if she needs anything . - Uh , I wouldn 't do that . Fama doesn 't know about samina 's disappearance yet . I know what you 're thinkin ' , but This is podly 's call . - Okay . - So if Liz or Matt were missing , would you tell me ? - That 's ridiculous . - Come on . I want to know . Would you tell me ? - Yeah , of course . - Podly should tell his wife . If you have a problem , you should share it . - in the darkest days , when strife was in the land , the prophet egora Called together his disciples to test the purity of their faith in the eternal flame . This he called , " trial by fire . " - Let it be so . - Let it be so . - I never wanted this , but as egora as my witness , I have no choice . Come , my icar . The flames are fine . - No ! No ! - Ahh ! - There is justice in the fire . Behold ! Our New icar vedra ! - You knew what was expected of you when you took the job , Officer ! - Yes , sir . - But now you find yourself between a rock and a hard place . Is that it ? - I 'm having trouble reconciling my pyrists beliefs with my duties as a police officer . - Well get over it ! People are dying , took . My daughter is missing ! And one of our officers appears to have gone off the deep end . - sir , I- - - I 'm not taking you off the case ! - Lieutenant , I 've already got along with several dubious search warrants . None of which , I might point out , has turned up anything illegal . I 'm sorry . I 'm simply not prepared to shut the temple down . - your honor , the icar vedra Himself was burned to death there last night . - Oh , I 've seen the statements from the witnesses . The man walked into that flame entirely of his own volition . - I don 't believe this ! - My concern is what the pyrist 's believe . The freedom to follow one 's spiritual path is a fundamental guarantee of the altorian constitution . - Well , the way things are goin ' , there 's gonna be precious few of them left to enjoy that particular freedom . - I 'd watch my tongue , lieutenant . If you ever expect to get a sympathetic hearing in my court again . Good day ! - Uh-Uh . This isn 't for me , slomo . What 's with you anyway ? - Oh , uh , sorry sergeant . New program , new glitches . - Uh , uh , may I help you ? - No , sarge . He 's gonna help us . - Say hello to our star witness . - You mean " Eye " Witness . Come on . - What is that ? - Zipload turned him to us . Name 's dorek kyyster . Lives out by demeter base . Says he saw somethin ' . could 've been samina . - Sure , sure I seen it . I told my Buddy , Embry I 'd seen it . And I 'm tellin you I did . Huh ? - Saw what ? - Orrin , what are you doin ' ? - Zipload said we gotta prime the pump a little . - This is highly irregular , officers . - What could we do , captain ? If we don 't pay , he don 't play . Tell the captain what you saw ! - Okay , okay . I was comin ' back , see- - From my job . I got a job , you know ? I collect trash . I turn it in . And I seen , uh , I seen , uh- - - Mr. Kyyster , please ! What did you see on the cliff ? - Ah , uh , it was-It was terrible . I told ol ' Embry , I mean , I 've never seen nothin ' like it . - Like what ? Tell us , damn it ! - Okay . Okay . There was this creon . A female . - Yeah . Was this her ? - Yeah , I think so . Anyway . Whoosh ! Up in flames she goes screaming ' , see ? Like a damn siren ! And then he pushes her off the cliff , see ? And down , and down she goes- - kersplish ! And that 's the last I 've seen her , okay ? Just burning ' and splashing ' into the bay . - Who ? Who pushed her ? - I ain 't sure . It was dark . Nah , it wasn 't them . The guy I 've seen was human . I want some grub . You promised me I could have some grub if I- - - Don 't worry , pal . We got you covered . - Do you recognize him in any of these photos ? - Nah . - Look again ! - Ah , that 's him ! Yeah ! That 's the guy I seen ! - You 're sure ? - Hey ! I know what I seen , all right ! I tell you , that 's the guy . Come on ! Come on ! - Captain , he 's not a reliable witness . You can 't believe everything- - - Get on the Horn to coastal patrol . I want divers to search every inch of demeter bay . Call the judge . I want an arrest warrant Issued for Jack haldane on suspicion of murder . - You should lay low for awhile brother Jack . The police have issued a warrant for your arrest . - Yeah , well those guys just won 't take no for an answer . Will they brother k ? Amazing . - Prepare thy mind and thy body for the day of emulation . - When all that is known will be unknown . - This place will be our salvation . For now , it will suffice as a refuge for you . - What happens when we run out of air ? - The cave of winds is almost pure botchemian . In this form , it 's useless . But when the surface water filters through and interacts with the mineral , hydrogen molecules separate from the oxygen , creating a self-Sustaining air supply . [ sirens approach ] - Handy . - Your old friends are right on time . - Romek and orrin , you 're inside with Brogan and me . - Officer took ? - Yes , sir ? - You stay outside with castle . Nobody is to get in or out ! - Well , what do we have here , brother Jack ? The back door . - He packed his belongings and he disappeared some time during the night . - Are you sure this isn 't another one of your immaculate deceptions . - You must be under a lot of stress , captain . I can understand the burden you are carrying . - can you now ? Yep ? - Captain , we 're in haldane 's room . He 's long gone . - Keep searching . Tear the place apart room by room if you have to ! - What will it take to convince you people we have nothing to hide ? - It 'll take a Miracle , miss brok . Don 't you find it a little peculiar that people around here keep Dying or disappearing ? - I find it peculiar that the world is about to end , and you people think nothing of squandering your few remaining days on a wild goose Chase . - captain , I found something . You might want to join us , miss nevik . Another Miracle , no doubt ? - Open it ! - But it 's sacred . - Do as the captain orders , brother kalamandro . We have nothing to hide here . When the day of emulation occurs , we pyrists alone will survive here in our cave of winds . - all I 'm saying is haldane wouldn 't commit cold-Blooded murder . - Captain ? Someone 's stolen romek 's cruiser . - It 's got to be haldane ! Get after him ! - It seems the day of emulation may have to be brought forward . - He 's heading out over the bay heading south by southwest . - We copy , took . Stay with it ! Want to tell me why your cruiser wasn 't secure , officers ? - Uh , can we get back to you on that one , captain ? - We 've lost visuals , captain . We 're switching to onboard tracking systems now . - Keep on his tail . We 're closing on an easterly approach . - Thanks for the tip . - Hard left , Jane . Took ? - Oh , he 's gone . We 've lost him , captain . - Keep tracking ! Bastard ! - Adios , amigos ! - On second thought let 's just call it a night . Haldane 's long gone by now . - Copy , lieutenant . Heading back to the station . - What the hell 's the idea of countermining my orders , lieutenant ? - Haldane 's got to be listening in . I thought I 'd give him a reason to relax . Now let 's go check out that tanker . - call off the hunt ? Not the Brogan I know . - Arming laser canons . - Captain ? You can 't . - I 'm responsible for my own actions , lieutenant . Canon locked on target ! - Brace yourselves ! We can 't keep up with him . We 're too heavy . - Yeah . We can stand to lose some dead weight around here . Ah . Lay off him , lieutenant . It 's over . - You think This would be a good time to ask him for a raise ? - Hey ! I knew I could outfly ya , but then I had a good teacher . - You 're under arrest for the murder of samina podly . - Easy , partner , easy . - Patrick , wait . - Stay out of this , Sally . You have the right to remain silent . - I waive the right . Extenuating circumstances . - Like what ? - Like me . - Oh , we had a bottle of sister nevik 's Miracle juice . - Okay , so you had the flame retardant , but pushing her off the cliff ? - That was samina 's idea . Look , we didn 't have that many options . Anyway , she was a jock in college . - hell of a plan , haldane . - All right , drop me off . Right here- - Not too close . - the day of emulation is not an ending for us . It is a beginning . But the dascal demands , bring unto your icar those symbols of greed which you have mistaken for riches . Riches which we now know to be found only in the purity of the eternal flame . Renounce the material world and be set free . - Let it be so . - go now . Go and spread the word that the end is coming and that all will be destroyed save those few who make the sacrifice . They alone will find refuge in the cave of the winds . Preparing for life in the new , purified world . Let it be so . - Let it be so . - I assumed you 'd left us for good . - What ? Miss the party ? - The least you can do is tell podly she 's okay . - Honey , we 've been through this . We got to think of haldane . He 's the one at risk . - Surely you don 't think podly 's the spy . - that 's not the point . If podly finds out samina 's all right , his whole demeanor will change . And then whoever the spy is , is gonna know that somethin 's up and haldane 's a dead man . - Just imagine how you would feel . - No one finds out about samina until haldane 's out of harm 's way . - Look . All I know is there 's something wrong if you 've got to be a lousy person to be a good cop . - Mornin ' , lieutenant . - All right , people ! We know the pyrists are selling their possessions and taking the proceeds to the temple . And we can 't do a thing about it . But we can do is to make sure nevik brok doesn 't get her hands on any of it . I want every vehicle leaving that temple to be searched . And let me deal with the consequences . - Captain ? - What ? - Coastal patrol 's called off the search . They say if there was a body , it 'd certainly be washed out to sea . - I guess those pyrists bringing New meaning to the term , " fire sale , " huh ? - Yeah , but it looks like the only ones gettin ' burned are them . - Hey , guys . - Hey , that 's okay . I got burnt too . - Captain ? - Patrick , I 'm gonna have to tell fama that our daughter is dead . And she 'll never forgive me . - um , I think there 's something you should hear first . - it has to be here ! According to haldane , whoever the spy is knew about the search warrant and Very likely everything else we were planning . - Yeah , except the most important thing of all , haldane and samina being undercover in the first place . - But it doesn 't make any sense ! According to these , every single person who had access to our later work , knew about haldane and samina 's assignment . Ah . - Yeah ? - Oh , Patrick . - Fama , yeah he 's right here . - Thank you . - Hi , sweetheart ! I just dropped in on Brogan to go through some reports . - that 's what you said two hours ago . You know how rundown you 've been lately ? - Well I 'm feeling much better now . Doing some hands-On police work really seems to suit me . - Well , just try not to outstay your welcome . - Okay . Night , sweetheart . - Good night . - there 's only one answer . This can 't be the full roster . - But it is . It 's got every single person who had access to the operation from beginning to end . - Yeah , I just keep thinkin ' we missed something . But you 're right it 's every pers- - - What ? What is it ? - There was one member of the squad that wasn 't present when you assigned haldane and samina . Your wife 's is gonna have to wait a little bit longer . - This is highly anomalous , lieutenant Brogan . You are not an authorized mechanic . - He is now , slomo . - You 're not ticklish are you , slomo ? - It was something that I would try to develop if would please you , lieutenant . - Slomo , is this part of your systems inventory ? - Negative , lieutenant . It would appear to be a g.A. 197 voice ACTIVATED MICROCHIP recording device . How did that get inside me ? - that it is a question I should be asking your r.S.A. Mechanic , slomo . - Thank you . - This is all we have , sister nevik . - then that 's all we need , sister Hannah . Now please hurry . The day of emulation is almost upon us . Thank you for the time . - This way brothers and sisters . Come along . - Pyrists have been arriving all day , captain . But so far no one 's come out . - Took , what do you think ? - I think they 're preparing for the day of emulation . - Yeah . Brok said they 're going to ride out the storm in that cave of winds . - There 's a bank of heavy duty fuel Tanks right above the entrance to the cave . Kalamandro said they used for the eternal flame . - What are you getting at , Brogan ? - Well , you mix that eternal flame with the oxygen that 's in the cave and , uh , day of incineration is more like it . - Argh . All those people . Took ! Don 't do anything 'til we get there . - We ? - They tried to kill my daughter . - Good . The flock has been fleeced . It 's time to get ready . - Uh , sister nevik ? I picked up some communications on the police band . They headed this way . - Well This is one time the calvary will be too late . Let 's get going . - Going where ? - You are sweet , Jack . But you really don 't have a clue what 's happening , do you ? That 's okay . You don 't need to know . - blasted ! We 're too late ! - Increasing fuel intake . - I can 't believe it . - Well , it 's about time . - Switching off automatic controls . - Uh , captain , we 're not very secure here . What 's the plan ? - Can I get back to you on that one ? - All right , everybody . We 're going in the back door ! Stay close ! - Engaging and rotating directionals . - Come on ! Hurry ! - Come on , brothers and sisters . This way . - If they won 't get out , carry them out ! - Come on ! Get these people out of here ! - Let 's go ! Come on ! - Come on , move it ! - So . I was right all along about you . - Brother k , you know I forgot . Isn 't this the way to the bathroom . - captain ! We got to blow the roof it 's our only shot ! On my mark set it for 15 seconds . - mark ! - You want to join your brothers and sisters ? Don 't let me stand in your way ! - Come on ! - Haldane- - The door ! Get down ! - Oof ! - Gargh ! - Okay , people . You 're all safe now . You okay , orrin ? - Give me a hand , haldane . Haldane ! - You said you didn 't care . - Uh , I wasn 't aware of any intergalactic launches today . - ugh ! - Argh ! - Uh-Oh . Sergeant fredo , I believe there is something odd you should be aware of . - Change course ! Change course before it 's too late ! Ga ! The police station ! You 're mad ! - I 'll give them fire ! Fire like they 've never seen before ! - Nevik ! - You 're dead ! - Not this time , brother k ! - Oh ! - Go sound the alarm for commission stations . - Yellow lever , Brogan ! Pull it towards you ! The yellow one ! - Give it up ! - Pull it ! Pull it toward you ! Pull it ! - I think I 'll take the rest of the night off . - Nevik ? - Jack ? Guess the party 's over . - Ah , anybody think they know how to fly this thing ? - Well , I 've never flown a temple , but I 've always had an ear for music . - Ah . - All right . - So you 're tellin ' me that all haldane had to do was press this key- - whoa ! And This thing landed itself ? - it wasn 't quite that easy , romek . I think he had to play a real tune , or somethin ' . - What ? Like , uh , " fly me to the moon . " - No , like , uh , " Light my fire . " - When you two are through with discussing the finer points of music theory , perhaps you care to give took and castle a hand with the inventory . There 's a lot of people waitin ' to collect their valuables . - Yes , captain . - How could nevik brok do that ? She wasn 't just stealing their possessions , she was robbing them of their faith . - Well at least she didn 't get away with it . - Didn 't she ? - Do me a favor . Don 't tell your dad you were hiding out at my place . - Why is that ? - I don 't want to give him the wrong idea . - Young lady , you have some questions to answer ! - Good to see you too , dad . - How could you put yourself at such a risk . And suppose your mother had found out ? - I 'm a cop , dad . Remember ? It comes with the territory . - Ah , so it does . Like father , like daughter , I suppose . - Matt ? Are you gonna eat all of that before you go to bed ? - Let it be so , prime elders . Good night . - Night . - Night . - You think we ought to wake her ? - I think she 's okay . Do you think took is gonna be all right . - Yeah , in time . She really believed . - You know I 'm still not sure what you believe in . - I believe in you . - No , I mean , do you believe in a higher power ? - Oh , yeah- - Every time I look at our kids .
