 - the name 's Brogan , lieutenant Brogan . For 20 years , I was with the n.Y.P.D. Now- - Well , let 's just say " I 've transferred to another precinct . " - Ah , this takes the cake , Brogan . Vinny artak running for city council ? - Time-Honored tradition . - right . Illegal immigration , cyber piracy , interspecies porn . This guy ticks me off . - Ah , relax . The media 's here . They 'll ask all the right questions . - hmm . I never get to have any fun . - Vinny , honey , I don 't think this is such a hot idea . - don 't think , babe . Let 's do it . Go make nice to the cops . - But I don 't like talking to cops . Ahh . - don 't want no discussion . - That does it . - Oh , easy , easy , easy . - Officers . - Okay , everyone , vinny artak . - I gotta tell ya , I 'm overwhelmed . I mean , all of you helping me the way you do . And then , just a few minutes ago , find out in spite of the attacks on my character , that I 'm gaining in the polls . - Yeah . - Is this over the top or what ? - This is for the cameras . - Mr. Artak , you 've been accused of connections with organized crime . What 's your response ? - Excuse me ? - I 've referring to reported connections to the creon underworld . - There is no creon underworld . - Ha-Ha ! - You heard it here first . - the politicians and the corrupt police better get the message . - Corrupt , us ? - I 'm gonna win This election because I 'm just a citizen like you , and I 'm gonna be you in the assembly kicking lazy , bureaucrats ' Butt . - Police . Police . - ahh ! - Police . - Vinny . - Drop the gun . Drop it . Get back . - Get back . - I don 't want to hurt nobody . - All right . - Get back . - It 's okay- - All right . I 'll tell you , that was some shooting there , Buddy . I mean , you don 't know , but you just did the public a great service . - Leave me alone ! - It 's all right , it 's all right . Come on , we don 't need anymore guys like vinny artak takin ' office do we ? We got enough crooked politicians as it is , right ? I 'm telling you , somebody should give you a medal . Put her there . - Get away from me . - How about me , huh ? - Stay down . - Vinny ! Vinny ! Oh , no . - Help me get him out of here . - Look out . - Where you takin ' him ? - To his private medical facility . Now , please , every second counts . - I love this job . Come on , pal . Mr. Vinny artak 's body is currently at his private medical facility in the care of his personal physician . Given the highly public nature of the shooting , I can confirm that this precinct has launched a full-Scale investigation . I can also confirm that we have one creon male in custody who we are questioning in connection with the incident . - Look , we 're gonna find out who you are sooner or later . Try it , again . - Hold steady . Ah , clean as a newborn . No priors . He never committed a crime in this system . - Brogan , captain would like to see you asap . - Yeah , I 'm sure he would . Okay , uh , run a dna . If he 's got a birth record , he 's got a name . - right . - Let 's see here . Personal physicians , dr . Lazlo kyte . One patient , vinny . - speaking of which , that was a stupid thing you did , haldane . - Thank you . - Crazy and irresponsible . - Too much caffeine . - And pretty damn brilliant . - You 're scaring me here , castle . - Come on , Janie , we got a 508 at demeter memorial . - Right behind ya . - Hey , haldane , command performance . Brogan 's already up there . - Have fun . - Thanks . I mean , come on- - We don 't need any more guys like vinny artak in office , do we ? We got enough crooked politicians as it is , right ? - That singular phrase , Officer haldane , has made you and all of us at the 88 very unpopular cops . Communiqués from most of the city council , the mayor 's Office , even a nice , little query from the governor . - Captain , it was off the top of my head . - look , I understand what you did and why you did it , but the politicians and the media are manipulatin' the situation , and destroying this precinct 's reputation in the process . - Yeah , well , maybe if I can just explain myself . - Perfect . We 'll get the cameras in , and you can do it on live tv . - um . - The tarn egg-Sac has disappeared from the maternity incubators . - Have the parents been informed ? - He 's gone mad . - They 're in there . You wait here . - Get out ! - We 're here to help you , Mr. Dodvek . - You don 't understand- - They 've taken our baby . If I can 't have mine , then nobody gets theirs . I want our baby back . - We 'll get your egg-Sac back , Mr. Dodvek . Please put that down and let 's talk . - not until they find our baby . Look , I 'm reading you , Mr. Dodvek . I can see that you 're a good man in a lot of pain . You can read me , too . You 'll see that we 're here to help you . That 's all we want to do . - I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . - Come on , Mr. Dodvek- - Let 's go sit down and see if we can sort this out . - We got a match with his dna . He 's a first generation , darning immigrant . - Junna cazar . - Check out the next bit . - So , junna , you grew up with vinny . - Isn 't that a gas ? Even vinny 's friends hated him . - Old pals , says here vinny 's godfather to your kids . - So who paid you to kill him ? - No one . - He talks , too . - Why did you do it then , junna ? - Because vinny 's like a brother to me . I love him . - Whoever took it must have had a portable incubator . The egg-Sacs have to be kept in a controlled environment . - Security ? - After the double snatching From COUNTY General last month , all the hospitals have been on maximum alert . - Do you mind if we have a look ? - No , not at all . Oh , thank you , nurse . This one is in the early stages of gestation , and this little fella ... - Aw ! - Is about ready to Hatch . - The 88th precinct has released the name of vinny artak 's assailant . Junna cazar , a danin creon , was supposedly a childhood friend for Mr. Artak 's . What prompted this bizarre shooting is as yet undetermined . The conduct of the police officers , present during the shooting , is also under investigation . This is anza berry for city-Wide news . - What an entrance line . - You , huh ! You were supposed to protect him . Now he 's gone . - We did everything we could , ma 'am . - Yeah , you expect me to believe that after what he said ? - No , ma 'am . - Well , then , why did you come here ? - We got a call from Dr. Kyte saying that he wanted to meet us here . - Okay , okay , okay , okay , give me room . Room- - I mean it . Reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated . - Quite a recovery , vinny . - I got a genius doctor , lieutenant . Plus the best reason in the world to live , these here volunteers and the good citizens of demeter city . - Yeah ! - Come on , vinny- - You 're shot by an old friend right in the middle of your own campaign headquarters . Then your doctor whisks you away before anybody has a chance to examine the wounds ? - Hey , I don 't know why junna did what he did , but I notice that you weren 't there to stop him . - What my partner is saying , vinny , is that we know this whole thing is a- - - I know what he 's saying , and I know what happened . - Yes , vinny artak , for city council . He 's blastproof . Blastproof , blastproof ! Blastproof , blastproof ! Blastproof , blastproof ! Blastproof , blastproof ! Blastproof , blastproof ! Blastproof , blastproof ! - Blastproof , blastproof ! - Ah , guys , can you turn it down , please ? I 'm trying to talk to your father . - Blastproof ! Blastproof ! - Matt ? - Blastproof ! - Sorry . Ah , Well , um , creons are Hardy . I suppose it is possible if the shots missed all the vital organs , But , ah , from what you described I can 't see how . - me , neither- - Thanks , hon . - Hey , dad , you sure , ah , vinny artak 's a bad guy ? I mean , he hasn 't been convicted of anything . - Yeah , I 'm sure , Matt . - The news says he gives all the money to the children 's hospital . - Ah , yes he does , sweetie , but if he steals it , it 's all wrong . - But the kids still need it . - Um , look , I-I-I 've gotta go- - I 'll talk to all later . - don 't tell me- - Bail was posted . - by one of vinny 's lawyers . - and he 's not gonna press charges either , right ? - Right again . - Well , that 's some friendship you have there , junna . I really hope you guys Patch things up . - You don 't know nothin about vinny and me . Vinny , I did this to you ? - Naw , I 'm good as new . I just like the wheels . Ha-Ha-Ha , come here . It musta been hard for you to do that to me , old friend . - You mean more to me than my own brother . I-I-I 'd do it again . - I know you would . - ahhh ! - What ? The guy had the nerve to kill me . What else should I do ? - I 'm sorry if my actions at the attempted assassination of vinny artak offended anyone . I was attempting to distract the assailant . Nothing more . - Was your accusation about Crooks in Public office your opinion or a matter of policy at the 88 ? - No , that is not a matter of policy at the 88 . - Oh , then , it was your opinion ? - He didn 't say that . - Yeah , but he meant it . - Well , if there is nothing else , the lieutenant and I are going to go and catch some bad guys . - Do you have anything more to say ? - No , no , no ! - Those two cops are messin with the wrong guy . - vinny , I was thinking- - Ahh ! - I do the thinking ' , okay ? - Then , I realized I don 't wanna be his punching bag no more . - Then leave him . - It 's not that easy . Vinny 's gonna be at some big-Deal meeting tonight . If you get down here and take me into- - - Protective custody ? - Yeah , then , maybe I can get you some stuff on vinny , that 'll put him away for a long time . - She phoned that in this afternoon . - Smells like a set-up . - So we 'll be careful . At least it gets me close to my pal , vinny . Ah , it 's too bad Vinny 's gonna have to give all this up . - Officer haldane , look , I 'm sorry- - Vinny 's home . I 've changed my mind . - You 're dead , you hear . - Vinny , open up- - It 's the police . - Freeze ! - Let her go , vinny . - You 're breakin into my home and threatenin' me for no reason ? Here 's your reason . - Drop it ! Drop the gun , vinny ! - Murderers ! Vinny ! Oh , vinny . - What just happened ? - Insanity . - Body is that of adult creon , vinny artak . Apparent cause of death- - - Wearing his lungs on the carpet . - Internal affairs are gonna have a field day with you two over this one . - He was trying to kill her . - Those two , they 're to blame . - She don 't look so bad now . - Tell me exactly what happened ? - They just shot their way in and murdered him . It 's them you should be talking to not me . - Okay , so let 's suppose you were set-up . The question is , by whom ? - Vinny . - You 're saying he planned his own murder and wanted to take you down with him ? You fellas are gonna need a better story than that , if I 'm gonna save your Butts this time . In any event , you 're off the street . - Wait a damn minute , captain ! You take us out of the action now , it 's gonna make us look that much more guilty . - and if I don 't follow policy , it 'll compromise this precinct , lieutenant- - You know that . Starting tomorrow , you 're on desk duty Pending review by internal affairs . You can help officers castle and took Track down their missing tarn-Egg . - I tried to set up an interview with the couple who 's twin egg-Sacs were taken last month . They 're in seclusion . Not a chance . - Well , can you blame them ? Oh , I 've just about had it for one day . - Oh , yeah , what I wouldn 't give for a magna - Steam right now . - I 'm with you . - Ah , here 's the data you requested on the two previous abductions From county general . - Thanks . What 's this one , slomo ? - that one ? Sorry , I thought you might pass it on to lieutenant Brogan and officer haldane for me . I 'm a bit overloaded this evening- - Thank you . - Ah , lieutenant 's not gonna like that , at all . - What ? Something else to make our day ? - Ah , the ambulance with Vinny was high jacked and his body was stolen ? Oh , that 's perfect . - right . Who do you think the media 's gonna blame for that ? - That farm idea 's lookin pretty good right now . - Hold that thought and , um , call me in about 20 years . - Altorian years or earth ? - Mmm- - Whatever . - How the kids taking things ? - This is okay . Um , Matt , he 's , you know , just trying to come to terms with what 's happening . - Door 's open . - Behavioral sciences ? - Life . - Terragate ? - Yeah . It 's eggs have been implanted . Soon we 'll be hatching dorfins , I hope . - a different species . - An endangered species . Fairly orbital , huh ? - Yeah , amazing . So , ah , you wanna talk about this deep pile of manure I 've got us all into ? - You didn 't do anything wrong , dad . I know . - It looks like the guys at school don 't think so . - The guys at school don 't know you like I do . - It 's not fair . - Yeah , well , tell it to the other guy . He 's got two of these . - Good-Bye , vinny . It 's an odd feeling playing God . Role out the new one . - It looks like I got killed again , huh , Dr. Kyte ? - We went back nearly a decade . No egg-Sac was stolen from a hospital within demeter 's database . - Then three in less than a month . - Could be some kind of black-Market thing starting ' up . - Well , I hope not . - The embryos can survive unless the egg-Sacs are in a controlled environment , right ? - Yes . Whoever 's behind it must have a portable incubator , at least for transporting . My , it 's vinny artak back from the dead . - Brogan ? - Mr. Artak , you 're alive . Mr. Artak- - Mr. Artak ! - I 'll have a statement to make shortly . - tell me , Mr. Artak , how do you feeling ? - Not bad , considering . What 's the matter , boys- - You look like you 've seen a ghost . - So who 'd we blow away last night , vinny ? - You can 't kill the world of people , Brogan . - Or creon cockroaches . - You 're going down , cop . - Open this door ! You , I want a piece of ! - Easy now , Officer haldane . Back off ! - I don 't know who you are , But vinny artak is dead . That 's not an opinion but based on the dna sample taken at the scene . It 's a medical and legal fact . - fact this , captain . I saw a golden light at the end of a long tunnel , darkness was all around me , but I fought and I struggled , and well , here I am . I got a destiny to fulfill , a debt to pay to the people of demeter city . - You 're no Miracle resurrection . - You never know . - Yeah , well , if you are really vinny artak , you won 't mind takin ' a retinal scan . - Hey , not a problem . - Vinny artak , the people 's candidate , is offering the reward of one million credits for information leading to the safe return of a tarn egg-Sac taken from DEMETER memorial hospital . - One glass apiece , you understand what I 'm saying ? - Mr. Artak ? - Huh . - I 'm a new volunteer . - nice to see ya . - They told me to come . They all said you 'd be expecting me . - Who ? - The people who live in my head . You 're the inter-Dimensional messiah . We 're here to protect you . - Get her away from me . - Vinny 's been chosen- - He 's our master . Vinny ! - We 're startin ' to attract crazies like a super Nova . You better make sure there 's another vinny waiting in the wings . - First thing in the morning . - Did I say morning ? - I-I 'll get started right away , vinny . - Make that " Mr. Artak . " - Officer nebbis , prisoner information desk . - You know , I think I detect a pattern here . If you 're a hospital patient , you can only be cured when the paperwork equals your body weight . - Here is the biography you wanted on the bad guy , Officer haldane . - What bad guy , slomo ? - If I divulge that information , Officer haldane has promised to re-Arrange my resistors . - Get out of here . - Just some bad guy 's biography . - Ah , don 't let podly see it . - I 'll be damned- - Dr. Lazlo kyte , vinny 's personal physician , bought a tarn egg-Sec incubator . - But vinny 's his only client and he 's a creon . - Hey , the review 's ready for you . - With slamball bats . - Well , I guess we better wear our protective gear then , huh ? - You behave yourselves . - Yeah , look , ah , take a look at this highlighted name here . He bought an incubator a couple of months ago . It might get the wheels turning . Let 's go , pal . - Lieutenant Brogan , Officer haldane . You are here to give an accounting of your actions in the armed assault on vinny artak . At this time , the board instructs you to surrender your shields and weapons , and to consider yourselves on suspension pending the results of this inquiry . - I say " the hell with them . " - What ? - You give that precinct more time than you give your own family , and at the end of it all , they take away your shield . Ah , life is too short . I say we make a down payment on that farm . - It 's not that easy , is it ? - No . No , I feel better for saying it . We 're been through worse . Don 't ask me when . - Hey , how 's life in the jungle ? - a jungle . I got a b plus on that egg implantation report . - way to go . - Very good . - Later . - Sal ? - hmm . - Could a tarn egg-Sac be altered to produce a creon ? - You mean a surrogate womb ? Well , theoretically , yes . I mean , they have some common physiology . - Vinny . - Mmm ? You lost me . - Could an egg-Sac be used to create a clone ? - Wait , wait a second . You know , I mean , that 's been done once or twice outside the medical community even-Even forcing accelerated growth , but , ah- - - But , it wouldn 't be vinny artak , because it wouldn 't have his mind . - Exactly . - I never knew how much fun it could be watching a guy 's mailing address . - that 's what it 's all about . Thrills and spills of life on the force . It never looks this dull on the tv shows . - Tonight on " Cop wars , " Dr. Lazlo kyte , criminal doctor at large . - The only difference is kyte 's for real . That 's his limo . - and I bet that 's him . - I 'll take the back . - Possible 820 in progress , zone 7 , 111 industry road , request back-up . - Dr. Kyte ? Tooky , I think he 's headed for the roof . Tooky , Brogan 's right- - I 've got the dodvek 's baby . - I 'll take that . - Ahh . - Jane ! - Thanks for the call , took . - Haldane ? - Right behind me . - is she okay ? - She 's lucky- - Just a mild concussion . - Oh , Bull- - Then why the cortex cradle ? That 's for serious head injuries . - Old your fire , haldane- - It 's routine . We 're storing a back-up copy of her thought patterns as a precaution . Give me a recording check . - Too much caffeine . - What I wouldn 't give for a magna-Steam right now . - I 'll take that . - I 've been a jerk , but I 'll change . - I didn 't say that . - Wishful thinking . - She 's gonna be fine . - um , the cortex cradle , can it transfer one mind to another ? - Not a chance- - Two minds into one brain ? Makes for suicides and heavy metal bands . - Ah , not another mind , an empty one , a cloned one ? - Nothing- - Maybe he brought one through another company . - Let 's cross-Reference kyte 's address . Yes- - Cortex Cradle was sold to that address for L.K. Enterprises- - Lazlo kyte . - Didn 't kyte say vinny had a personal medical facility ? - Yeah , but we 're not exactly cops , right now . - Well , the hell with that if , it saves the baby . We just have to make damn sure that 's where it is . - If only we could read vinny 's mind . - Yeah . Yeah . Let 's do that- - Come on . - if it is discovered that you have used the precinct rsa for an unauthorized clandestine operation ... - Slomo , what are they gonna do ? We 're already on suspension . - Un-Oh . Ah , I find this mode of transport very unsettling , Officer haldane . - No- - Please , vinny . Not another one- - It 's someone 's baby . - I 'm touched by your concern , but I 've decided that two vinny 's alive at once is better than one . We 'll be like a force of nature . - Come on , vinny , we need to update your mind store , so you can get out of here . I 'll implant the egg-Sac after that , hopefully , before the cops catch up with me . - Relax . Once I 'm elected , I 'll own the cops . - I 'm in . - Good . - first , I am accessing vinny artak 's mainframe . Now , if there is a cortex cradle in the penthouse , it will show up . Yes , it 's there- - Interesting . There is also a growth accelerator . - Concentrate on the cortex cradle . - Have accessed and am recording Mr. Artak 's cortex cradle . Uh-Oh . Mr. Artak is updating the file at this moment . We are connected and parallel . I am seeing through his eyes , and he is seeing through mine . - What the hell ! The cops are outside . - What ? - The cops are outside . Destroy the egg-Sac . - vinny ! - Sit . - Oops ! Lost the signal . - is the egg-Sac still there ? - Sba , Mr. Artak ordered Dr. Kyte to commence dna implantation just a few minutes ago . - Slomo , we have to get in there . - Accessing entry codes now . - Let 's go . - Thanks , slomo . - No ! - I 'm sorry , vinny- - I don 't love nobody that much . - Where is he , vacua ? - I don 't know . His campaign headquarters . - Okay , rolling . - Well , here it is , people of demeter , vinny 's first interview since returning from- - Well , let 's ask vinny , himself . Vinny ? - I 'll have a statement to make shortly . - Hey . - Mr. Artak , what are you doing here so early ? - Those two cops , Brogan , haldane , they 're still trying to kill me . - Okay , lock the door . - Officer Brogan , I 'd like to ask you a few questions . - That camera direct feed to your station ? - Can be . - They broke in and planted some poor , innocent little tarn baby in my home . It was barbaric . - This is an exclusive , live report outside candidate , vinny artak 's campaign headquarters . - open up , police . - Hey , vinny , you 're under arrest . - What should we do , Mr. Artak ? - open it . You got badges , fellas ? - Ah , we don 't need ' em . We 're makin a citizen 's arrest . - Yeah , so are we . - Ah , now 's as good a time as any . - Replacing cortex cradle extracts now . - why don 't we let Mr. Artak speak for himself . Turn up the sound there , Buddy . - But I don 't like talking to cops . Ahh ! - There are no discussions . - Aahh ! Ahhh ! - What ? The guy had the nerve to kill me . - What 's this ? - What else should I do ? - What ? - The cops are outside- - Destroy the egg-Sac . - You ! - Uh , ma 'am , you don 't want to do that . - Oh , yes , I do . I quit . - What 's going on , vinny ? - Yeah . - You 're gonna pay for this . - You 're a traitor , vinny . - Murderer . Murderer . - Take me into custody . - Haldane , is it a crime if these people kill a clone of somebody who 's already legally dead ? - No , you don 't- - I am vinny artak . I demand protection . - Let 's go . - Well , it 'll make a good test case . - Okay , vinny , this time you 're not comin ' back . - No . - Okay ! Rackets , extortion , murder , take your pick , I still got the right to a trial . - Terrific campaign slogan , vinny . Let 's go . - Protectin ' this guy- - Isn 't that where we came in ? - We can 't let people like vinny artak get in the way of what pride stands for . - So you 're not giving up the fight ? - Absolutely not . If anything , it 's made us more determined to have True representative of the people on city council . - Hey , this Regina baylek 's okay . - Yeah , she 's honest , smart , dedicated . - Pretty . - So you 're gonna vote for her ? - I haven 't decided yet . - Gee , dad , what do you want ? - If anything- - - Brogan , demeter memorial , you better get here fast . - What ? Am I too late ? - Nope , it looks like you 're just in time . - If it hadn 't been for all of you at the 88th precinct , this day would never have come . Thank you .
