 - the name 's Brogan , lieutenant Brogan . For 20 years , I was with the n.Y.P.D. Now- - Well , let 's just say " I 've transferred to another precinct . " - Very good , Vella , But not good enough . - I 'm telling you ! It was the greatest crossover roll out I 've ever seen . - Oh , yeah ? Then you never saw fordnay Play slam ball . Now , there was a bumper . - Yeah , yeah- - So you keep saying . You guys are late . - What 's the hurry , guys ? I don 't think he 's going anywhere . - Hey , haldane , you try hanging out with a rotting corpse at 90 % humidity . - What , and spoil your fun ? - So , who is in here anyway ? Got me- - no I.D. On him . - Homicide ? - We don 't know yet . - ey , I know this guy . Name 's Vella sugoi . - Vella sugoi , the jewel thief ? I thought he went straight . - Well , we don 't know that he didn 't yet , but somebody 's gotta tell his wife . - Rather you than me , Brogan . I 'll have someone bring her in . - Thanks , fredo . - Sit down , please . - the fact is , captain , we don 't need you . - Mr. Rodan ... you 're telling me that this luxorian ice of yours is worth two million credits ? - Billion , per cylinder . A total of four billion . - there isn 't a system on the galaxy that wouldn 't be prepared to buy it on the black market . - if it were available . - And you want to bring one of these cylinders into my precinct to show it off to the energy commission ? - Yes- - Yes , I do . Who do you think would take the fall if anything went wrong ? You ? Somehow , I don 't think so . - Captain , you 're overreacting . We wouldn 't be taking a risk like this if we couldn 't protect our investment . - Miss numar , I don 't care whether " Solar tech " has its own army . As long a that ice is in my precinct , I shall be overseeing the security arrangements . Come in- - Come in ! Mr. Rodan ... There will be a major police presence at the energy commission tomorrow night , whether you like it or not . In the meantime , officers took and castle will be acting as my liaisons and they will have your full cooperation . Well , I ... I still think it 's unnecessary , but I 'm-I 'm sure we can , uh ... work something out . - Here we go again , telling another wife she 's a widow . - Yeah , one of my favorite things . - Yo , romek , this one looks good . " Loves slam ball , intimate dinners , " long weekends in other orbits . " wants a man with a sense of humor , steady income , " and a full head of hair . " Well , two out of three ain 't bad . - I don 't know , orrin . - Oh , come on . It won 't kill ya to take a look at her picture . - I don 't need this dating agency . I can get plenty of action on my own . - Oh , yeah , I forgot . They gotta Peel the girls off you like a new hawaiian banana . - Oh ... okay , okay . Suppose it won 't hurt to take a look . - ugh ! - Oh , man ! - It can 't be ! it can 't be True ! Where is he ? Can I see him ? - Uh ... the thing is , Lindo ... we have to do an autopsy . - An autopsy ? - Yes . - Oh ... things were going so great for us ... finally . Oh , Brogan , I should 've been there ! - Yeah , I know . - Mrs. Sugoi , we know This is tough , But , uh ... we need to ask you a few questions . - Lindo , um ... was Vella keeping his nose clean ? - Of course he was . You guys know that . He 's been a legitimate private security consultant since he got out . - Do you know who he 's working for ? - Different companies . He never told me . I never asked . - can I have a refill , babe ? - Whatever you want , sylvain . - You got it . - Liar . Oh , sylvain . You know I have a previous engagement . - Uh-huh . - altor to Brogan . Hello ? Hey ... lighten up , will ya ? - I really thought I could help him . - But you did help Vella . I mean , you got him into rehab . - Yeah ... look what happened . Yeah , well , you know , there 's always career plan " B. " I think I 'd like to be a shuttle driver 's wife . - Dad , Jack 's online . - Massive neurological trauma ? - Yeah , that 's what the pathologist said , But even he doesn 't know exactly how it was done . All he found were two marks in this little depression right near the temple . - Well , I guess we can rule out natural causes . Thanks , partner . - Dad , turn on the news ! - The news- - You ? - Come on ! - Environmental protestors are out in force today , as Max Zeller , chief executive at " Fusion power company " Arrives for the final round of meetings with the city energy commission . " Fusion power " is vying to retain demeter 's lucrative energy franchise . - Um , Matt , why are you watching this ? - It 's a school project . Come on- - Hit the sound . - Mr. Zeller ... do you expect to retain the energy franchise ? - I wouldn 't be here if I didn 't . These people claim that hyperfusion - is an accident waiting to happen . Would you like to respond ? - for the ten years that my company has held this city 's energy franchise , hyperfusion has provided the citizens of demeter with a level of service unparalleled anywhere in the galaxy . - " Solar tech " Are claiming that their new Luxorian ice solar Power system will be cheaper , cleaner and safer . - Talk 's cheap ... But we don 't know if luxorian ice is , do we ? Hyperfusion works , pure and simple . - This is Jane Lovett reporting live . - man , that guy is so far out of orbit . " solar tech 's " just so much ... further . - Further ? - Further ? Go on- - Get out of here ! Get out ! - Grr ! - Get ! I 'm absolutely fine . I 'm perfect . Don 't you worry about me ! - Do you need any help ? - This man 's unconscious- - Get an ambulance . - We 've gotta stop meeting like this , lieutenant . - Well , I 'll tell you what ... you get people to stop dying , I 'll stay home . - that 's where most people buy it , lieutenant . - Thanks- - I 'll remember that . - So , he bought you a drink ? - Yeah . We talked for a while . Then , I went to freshen up . He was gone when I came back , so I just left ... and then , I found him lying there . Never even got his name . - do you , uh , mind if I ... scan your I.D. ? strictly routine- - I do it for everybody . - Not at all . Haldane ? - Haldane ! - Well , sylvain , if I need anything else , I 'll let you know . - Well ? - Well , I think I 've got everything I need ... Name , address . - Haldane ... your brain is supposed to be located above your waist , remember ? - You 're assuming I have a brain . - Hmm- - Come here- - Take a look at this . - Oh , jeez . What , another one- - Who is this ? - Name 's rodan . He 's head of security at " Solar tech " . you better get in there and see if they got a security camera . - Yeah . - This is her , huh ? - Yep . She 's meetin me here tomorrow right after our shift . - My man ! Whoa- - You are hot ! - Boy , this rodan guy is a real find . - His behavior is most confusing . - You know , slomo , the problem with being born an rsa unit is that you don 't appreciate the finer points of the female form . - You are losing me , Officer haldane . - All right , all right- - Stay with me . Take this gal , for instance . She 's got great assets . - Anything ? - Uh , no- - Uh-Uh . He came in , had a few drinks , talked to the girl . , left . What about you ? - " solar tech 's " going ahead with their presentation . - that 's crazy . - Officer haldane , I 've continued to check out the little lady 's assets . Uh , uh , she was present in the bar on the previous night also . - Wait a minute . Who 's that with her ? Isolate the guy on the left . Slomo , what are you doin ' ? - Sir , your precise words were " isolate the guy on the left . " - Can the imitation , slomo . I meant her left . All right- - Now , clarify and define . Vella . - Well , Well , well , sure knows how to pick ' em . - I 'm about to leave , baby . [ electronic beeping ] gotta go . Yes- - Who is it ? - Sylvain , demeter city police . - Well , this is unexpected . Officer ... - Haldane , but Jack is fine . - Jack it is , then . - I-I was just in the neighborhood and thought that ... well , no , I wasn 't . Uh , to be honest , I 'm here because my partner thinks that you had somethin to do with a tarn 's death last night . - Well , I found the body . Yeah , right- - That 's what I told Brogan , but , well , we saw you on security recordings at the bar . - You better come in , then . So ... you saw me with the other guys , right ? - Yeah , right . - Come on , Jack . Why do you suppose that is , hmm ? - They were Johns . You 're all Johns . - You 're a pro ? No way ! - I 'm very flattered , Officer , but it 's the truth . I work the WHITE collar guys . - White collar ? - Yeah . - Really ? - They 're easier to deal with . Plenty of money , no hassles ... and they 're not ... - Brogan , are you buying this ? - Not with your money . A Hooker without a rap sheet ? I don 't think so- - How about you , took ? - I 'm not getting anything from her . We 're too far away . - You know , sylvain , you and I actually have a lot in common . - Ugh- - I think I 'm gonna be sick . - that 's cliche number two . Should we go for the " heart of gold " bit and make it a hat trick ? - Okay , okay- - You win . So , you get to make the coffee . - You don 't give up , do you , Officer haldane ? All right- - I 'll make you some coffee ... but it 's the only thing that 's free around here . - Deal , deal . - Take a seat . Where exactly on earth are you from ? - Tennessee , usa ... by way of New York city . - How 'd you end up doing what you do ? - You know , I was gonna ask you the same thing . - Well , I could give you some sad rap about the good girl gone bad in the big city , But the truth is , I left home when I was young and I 've been playing " Miss Feel Good " ever since . - Do we really have to listen to this ? - Here you go . Hope you like it strong . You see ... where I come from what I do is legal , which means there 's no money in it . Here- - Do you want some sugar with that ? - Uh , yeah , please . - Anyway , when another girl suggested relocating to demeter , I figured , what the hell ... and she was right- - I 've done great . Not many working girls can afford a crib this nice , you know . I found the sugar . Hope that 's enough for you . Is that okay ? Great . I mean , I don 't wanna make it too sweet for you . All right ? You see ... what they don 't realize is this place is good for business , really good , even better Than my friend said It would be . - Brogan , is this conversation sounding a little one-Sided to you ? - Yeah ... it 's not like haldane to be at a loss for words around a woman . - This line of work gets a little old , you know what I mean ? Of course , you do- - You 're a cop . You deal with people like me all the time . - Come on , haldane- - Say something . Come on ! - I got a funny feeling about this one , guys . - Okay , that 's it . We 're going in ! - What are you doing ? - We 're going in . - It 's been a slice , Jack . - It 's not a good idea . - Closer ! Haldane ? Haldane- - Haldane ! - We found this when we searched the apartment . - This is a centric mind probe , massive neurological trauma . Damn it- - I can 't believe my own stupidity ! - Captain ? - The centrans used these on creon prisoners during the phalassic wars to gain vital strategic information . - a mind reader ? - More than that , I 'm afraid . It can completely remove the contents of a mind causing almost instant death . - But haldane 's alive . - Ah , I guess he was lucky . You must 've interrupted her . - So , haldane 's mind is inside that thing ? - Oh , no , that would be too easy . She 's got another probe . You see these indicators ? - hmm . - a centric mind probe can hold up to five minds . You just count the indicators . This one 's empty . - Uh , I 'm-I 'm lost here . She can tap into his mind whenever she wants ? - Yep- - By Pressing these contacts against the side of your head , you can access any of the minds that are stored inside the probe . - So , sylvan can now plug into haldane 's mind and the mind of " solar tech 's " head of security . Yeah- - she 's got Vella sugoi 's mind , too , one of the most notorious jewel thieves in Demeter city ... or was . It all adds up to one thing . The luxorian ice ... and it 's on display tonight in the energy commission . - then tonight 's our only chance to save haldane . - Fusion power ... Fusion power ... fusion power ! - Hi ! - Hey- - What are you doing here ? - Being a mom . - Hey , dad , what are you doing here ? Where 's haldane ? - Uh , he couldn 't make it . Look , I 'm on duty- - I gotta go . Try and stay out of trouble , okay ? - What 's his problem ? - Fusion power- - Fusion power ! - Commissioner , the choice is therefore clear . Actually , there really is no choice . " Fusion power " has done the job we were hired to do . Renew our franchise for the next ten years and our proven and reliable hyper-Fusion process will continue to keep demeter city working . Thank you . - Thank you , Mr. Zeller ... and now , Miss , uh , miss numar of " Solar tech " enterprises . - for the last ten years the citizens of demeter city have had to live in fear . Even a micro-Breach in a hyperfusion reactor could contaminate the whole city in a matter of hours . What " solar tech " is offering is a chance to be free of that fear by harnessing the natural power of the suns . Up ' til now , it has not been practical to use solar power as a primary energy source , but " Solar tech " has the solution . Please turn your attention to the screen . You are now looking at " Solar techs ' " New orbiter state of the art , unmanned , and fully automated solar power station . In the center hub , is the galaxy 's first ever solar to plasma convertor . This has been made possible by " Solar techs ' " discovery of luxorian ice . Only two cylinders of luxorian ice exist . The other is in storage in " Solar techs ' " orbiting power station . Due to its perfect tele-Centricity , luxorian ice absorbs sunlight as easily as a living organism Draws air ... and it concentrates that sunlight into a super heated beam of pure plasma energy , which in turn is collected in our plasma furnace on the planet 's surface ... But what makes luxorian ice unique is that throughout This process its temperature remains ... absolute constant . - Freeze ! Hold it , right there . - excuse me , lieutenant . He 's part of my demonstration . Not even the super heated hydrocarbons from This torch can raise the temperature of this very special ice . Luxorian ice , ladies and gentlemen , efficient , inexpensive , clean ... and safe . - Huh , brilliant- - What do you think ? A very impressive pitch , miss numar , But , uh , how do we know it really works ? - As Mr. Zeller would say , " talk is cheap . " So , if you 'd care to look at the screen , I 'll show you . In the center you should be able to make out the pyramid outline of " Solar techs ' " New headquarters it 's about a mile and a half from the plasma furnace . Now , watch closely . - Oh ! Marvelous ! Thank you , miss numar . Certainly an impressive demonstration . - look ! - Numar , tell your people up there to shut that thing down ! - The system is fully automated . - Well , then close it down yourself ! - What the hell do you think I 'm trying to do ? - Orrin , I 'm going back . You get the ice and make sure nobody comes near it . - What about " Solar tech " security ? - Especially them . Jane , you see if you can get the demonstrators to disperse and tell took to set up by the elevator . Nobody comes in or out . - You were a tough act to follow , numar , but I hope my little Demonstration got your attention , too . - We 've got it . Now , what do you want ? - Simple . One cylinder of luxorian ice is already here . Now , I want the other one and I want it brought to me by hostage . That 's how it 's done , right ? - And if we refuse ? - I 'd hate to be in demeter when the plasma beams slices through " Fusion powers ' " reactor . - What- - You 're insane ! I can 't let some maniac hold our city captive like this ! - Insane ? Maniac ? - Okay , here 's a crazy idea , Mr. Zeller . Since you 're so righteous , you can be the hostage . How does that sound ? - Not good , sylvain . Ah , lieutenant Brogan ... Well , you certainly get around . Now , before you start to tell me what I can 't do , let 's consider my frame of mind ... or should I say ... minds ? - I know your mind , sylvain . - of course , you do ... and as your partner would say , let 's cut to the Chase , Brogan . - Then cut to it . - You 're so predictable , Brogan . I feel I 've known you for years . Now , you 're gonna say you need time to think about my offer . So , I 'll tell you what . You 've got five minutes . Bye . - Lieutenant Brogan , you know that woman ? - No ... But she knows me . - lieutenant ... I should go . My company Created luxorian ice and the power station she 's taken over . - I can 't let you do that . - But if she carries out her threat ... I couldn 't live with that on my conscience . - Lieutenant , what do you suggest that we do ? - Look , if we do nothing , we 're risking the lives of millions . She asked for me alone and that 's what I 'm gonna do . - I 'm sorry , Mr. Zeller . It 's not gonna work . - I 'm not exactly jumping up and down at the thought myself , but we 're out of options here . If you wanna stop me , lieutenant , you 'll have to arrest me . - You alone ? - Just me and the ice . - Hi , baby . - You were incredible ! That bit about slicing the reactor was brilliant . - It only worked because your plan was brilliant . - Unfortunately , we , uh ... we have one remaining security problem . - What do you mean ? - You . Now that " Solar tech " is finished , " fusion power " will retain the energy franchise , so I have no further need of your services . Think about it . When the dust settles , I 'll be a hero . Great , huh ? Sorry , babe . - You 're so predictable , Max . Vain men always are . Believe me- - This one works . - Sylvain , come on . Let 's talk about this , huh ? - Sure . We 'll talk while you get the ice . Go ahead . I 'll cover you . - Sylvain ? - Get the ice . You were a great lover , Max . You were just too smug . It 's hard to find a man you can trust , isn 't it , lieutenant ? Come on , Brogan . I 've got your partner here , remember ? You would never let Max up here on his own . You hid in the limo , right ? Just like when the temper brothers blew that bank job back in queens . Man , haldane was so pumped when he was assigned to go in as a hostage ... but you just had to go and steal his 15 minutes by hiding beneath the rear seat . I know you , Brogan . I know everything you 're gonna do . - Funny how the mind plays tricks on you , isn 't it , sylvain ? I guess you don 't know everything , huh ? Like the fact that your little toy malfunctioned . That was a nasty thing you did , little lady ... but you didn 't get all of me . Which means you don 't know Brogan like I know Brogan . You better watch out , little lady . - drop it , sylvain ! Okay , captain ... I 've got her and I 've got the mind probe . - All right , but you 've got a bigger problem now . The beam 's been activated . You 've got to try and shut it down . - What ? - You heard me ! - I don 't know where to start ! - Come on , Brogan . Think ! You 've got " Solar techs ' " security chief right there with you . - right . Okay . I got rodan . - the beam 's still on . What 's happening ? - I don 't know . Sylvain 's shot must 've disabled the control system . - You 've got to do something , Brogan ! - The ice . - Very good , Vella . - Rodan . - is there anything you 'd like to tell me about , uh , Mr. Trusk , maybe ? - Haldane . Oh ... come on , Vella , old friend . Don 't let me down . - Very good , Vella , But not good enough . - You show me yours ... - Let 's say we call it a day , haldane . - I don 't like what I 'm reading . - What is it , tooky ? - I think I 'll let him tell you that himself . - Oh , castle . Oh , I just had the greatest dream ... desert island , moonlit night , just the two of us . - I 'm amazed you survived it ... and I 'm glad you 're back . - Yeah- - now you 've learned what a bad woman can really do to ya . - Hmm , did you get her ? - Sylvain- - Yeah . Out like a light . I 'll be a little late for dinner tonight . I 'm gonna stop by Lindo sugoi 's and let her know that Vella was just an innocent victim . - Okay- - Well , I 'm not gonna cook tonight . For once , we 're going out to dinner alone . - Hey , dad , I hear , uh , " solar tech 's " gonna get the energy franchise . - Well , yeah ... as soon as they work out some bugs in their security system . - power to the people , dad . It just shows , if enough people get together and protest , they can really make a difference . - Well , that 's the way it works , son . Wait a minute . You know my lousy math teacher , miss gooham ? Well , if enough of us got together ... gotta go , dad . I 'm gonna call Nashu right now ! - Calm down , will ya ? She 'll be here . - the 4-11 shuttle from demeter city is arriving in Docking bay number three . - This is it ! Your big moment , romek . Oh , just remember ... what you see ain 't always what you get . - What are you talking about , orrin ? - Hey , you know how easy it is to touch up a picture . - No way ! I 'm outta here . - excuse me , but who do I see about posting bail for my husband ? - Excuse me . The sergeant told me This is where I would find ... Officer romek . - Officer romek ? Oh ... at your service .
