 7 : 30 . See you tomorrow , Beth . Okay . See you tomorrow . ... get some information about a crack house . This is some pretty direct information . Came from an informant who made a buy , and ... I 'm home . Hi . Hi , Mom . Hey . Hey ? All I get is " hey " ? Hey , Mom . I 'm going to take a quick shower . You guys interested in getting a pizza delivered ? If that was a " yes , " you can call the order in . And no pepperoni for me . Hello ? Oh , yeah . Sure . Ow ! Tell Mom I 'll be back in five minutes , okay , butt-crumb ? He said he was only going to be gone five minutes , and that was over four hours ago . Yes . No , I don 't know who called him . The last person to see him ? His younger brother . - Whoa , whoa , whoa ! - Hmm ? Gary ? Gary Kane ? Go get him a blanket . It 's going to be okay , son . Hey , we 're here to help you . Hey , what 's wrong ? Oh , my God . Gary Kane , 16 years old , high school junior . " C " student , first-string varsity football , member of the local 4-H club . Not one of Wisconsin 's more remarkable kids , but still the apple of his mother 's eye . What does that mean ? Nobody knows . What does the police report say ? The victim received a phone call and left his home . He was discovered in the woods in his underwear 12 hours later . He 's been unable to give a coherent statement . - Any evidence of sexual assault ? - No . Does it seem like it might have been a schoolboy prank ? The other victims have had to be sedated and hospitalized since their ordeals . They 're reportedly hysterical with fear . " Victims " ? You mean there have been others ? One in Eastern Wisconsin . One three towns away . Both with the same words written in black magic marker . What 's your interest in this ? The local sheriff in Delta Glen , Wisconsin , thinks he knows what 's been happening to these kids . What 's that ? He thinks they 've been possessed . There 's something I think you ought to see first . They call themselves the Church of the Red Museum . They 're followers of a guy named Odin that moved out here from California three years ago and bought a ranch . What 's the significance of the name Red Museum ? Well , Odin and the rest of them are a bunch of vegetarians . They drove the ranch right into the ground . Turned 500 head of beef cattle into pets . Calls it a monument to barbarism . Probably went over big with the local ranchers . Well , you got to admit , it takes some big ones to set down in the middle of cow country and start a church like his . Kind of stick out like a sore thumb , don 't they ? You know , Sheriff , from what little we 've seen , what you 've told us , they seem rather unlikely to be involved in the kind of activities that you described . Well , I-I won 't say another word . You can just see for yourself . That 's Odin . Today is a blessing from our lord and master who awaits his flock in this time , the dawning of the age of Aquarius , 18 Earth years from the beginning of the new kingdom . The guides speak through me today as messengers of the word that we may be free from death and the passage into spirit . As the acceleration continues , we , the enlightened , must bring the teachings of the skills for survival to mankind . They 're Walk-ins . What are Walk-ins ? We , the second souls of the first bodies ... We the second souls of the first bodies ... Bearers of the word and keepers of the sacraments of a new enlightenment ... Believers in soul transference- - enlightened spirits who have taken possession of other people 's bodies . Blessed mission and toil ... Blessed mission and toil ... Our struggle is transcendent , and your guidance , our guides ... Our struggle is transcendent , and your guidance , our guides ... Will carry us toward the dawning of a new age . Will carry us toward the dawning of a new age . Today we bear witness to three who do not believe . We encourage them to open their hearts and minds to our teachings , that they who slaughter the flesh , slaughter their own souls , and must be taught the way . I only remember parts of it . Which parts are those ? I was in the woods , and ... I felt ... a spirit enter me . When you say " spirit , " Gary , I 'm not sure what you mean . It ... It might have been an animal spirit . I can 't explain it . Something just came over me . And you don 't remember who called you ? Anything at all about what happened immediately after you left home that night ? Have you ever had any dealings with anyone from the Church of the Red Museum ? I see them around . Do you have any reason to believe that they may be involved with what happened to you ? Now , tell him what you told me , Gary . Hi . Hi . Who are you ? Stevie . Oh , you 're in all the pictures . You must be Gary 's younger brother . I 'm Dana . Stevie , do you remember who your brother might have gone out to see the other night ? Did he say anything ? Scully , we 'll meet you outside . Has this boy ever been in any trouble ? - Gary ? - Yeah . No , I 've known him since he was a kid . He 's the same age as my son . He 's done some beer drinking , but he 's just your basic 16-year-old . At least he was . You see a noticeable difference in him ? Yeah , yeah . Gary Kane lived for football . He 's a damn good athlete , too . Now he won 't even suit up . The Red Museum- - how are they treated by the local citizens ? Nobody much cares for them . But are they ever singled out- - shop owners refusing to sell to them , stuff like that ? Well , there 's a reasonable amount of tension , but most folks are happy to just try to avoid them . Uh , can you recommend a good motel in the area ? Sure . That means you 're going to stay on for a bit . You think there might be something to this ? Well , I want to run a background check on the church and this guy Odin . If you could just show us a good motel , maybe point out a good place to eat ? You come to the right place for that . You know , Mulder , ribs like these- - I 'd say the Church of the Red Museum has its work cut out for it . Yeah . Thanks . So , you started to tell me about Walk-ins , but I 'm not sure if I grasped the finer points . Uh , it 's kind of a new age religion based on an old idea : that if you , uh , lose hope or despair , and want to leave this mortal coil , you become open and vulnerable . To inhabitation by a new spirit . A new enlightened spirit . According to the literature , Abe Lincoln was a Walk-in and Mikhail Gorbachev and Charles Colson , Nixon 's advisor . But not Nixon ? No . Not even they want to claim Nixon . So are you still subscribing to the sheriff 's claims of a possession ? I don 't know . In the absence of any other plausible explanation , it 's a novel theory . Well , I 'll tell you something- - I feel kind of weird saying this , but I got the creeps in that apartment tonight . Really ? Hey , you tofu-eating towel head ! Yeah , why ? What 's going on ? Hey ! Hey , veggie burger , who let you out ? ! I think the Spur Posse just rode into town . Hey , diaper head , we 're talking to you , man . How 's your pet cow ? Did you get any milk out of him ? We 're talking to you , Aladdin . What 's the matter , diaper head ? Huh ? Huh ? Nothing . Hey , leave him alone . Leave him alone . Go home . Go ahead . Go home . Catch you later , Red . You got a problem ? Yeah , but who asked you ? I see four against one , - I got a problem . - Mulder ? Yeah , well , why don 't you run along with the little wife . You 're gonna miss the tour bus . She 's got a gun . Well , what 's she going to do , shoot us ? Go call my dad , Katie . I think he 'd like to hear about this . Who 's your dad ? He 's the sheriff . Yeah , I think he would like to hear about this . Come on , let 's just get out of here , Rick . Kind of hard to tell the villains without a scorecard . Pupperdog ? Is that you ? Pupperdog ? What are you doing here , huh , girl ? Get off me ! Get off me ! Help me ! Please , somebody help me ! Help me ! Please ! Yeah , Danny , this is all good stuff . Yeah . See what else you can find on him from the NCIC and call me back . At this number or on my cellular . I just examined the girl . What 'd you find ? Not much until the toxicology report came back . They found trace amounts of an unspecified alkaloid substance in her blood- - possibly an opiate derivative- - as well as a dangerously large quantity of something called scopolamine . Is that the stuff they use for motion sickness ? Well , only in very small dosages . Anything past 0.2 micrograms and you 've got a powerful anesthetic with hallucinogenic qualities . It 's been in the news lately because Colombian gangs have been using it in kidnappings to subdue their victims . Is it a controlled substance ? Yes . You 'd probably have to be a doctor or a pharmacist to get ahold of these quantities . " Richard Odin , also known as Doug Herman , " left AMA in 1986 over questionable ethics inquiry . Did not renew license . " I 'll drive . I 'm Special Agent Fox Mulder . We 're with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . We 'd like to speak to Richard Odin . Is he in ? Just a moment . Mr. Odin ? Yes . We 'd like to ask you some questions . May we come inside ? I 'm sorry . I can 't allow you in this house . We can get a warrant if that 's what it takes . You can get a warrant if you 'd like , but you will not enter this building . Well , how 's that ? Because you 're meat eaters . The building that houses our kitchens cannot be desecrated by your presence . I believe I 'm well within my religious rights to prevent it . Yes , sir , but you can 't hide behind your rights if a crime has been committed . Have I been accused of a crime ? We can always determine that elsewhere . Can you step outside , please , sir ? Can you step outside , Mr. Odin ? We 're placing you under arrest . Are you familiar with a substance called scopolamine , Mr. Odin ? Are you familiar with bovine growth hormones and inhumane treatment of beef and dairy cows ... Just answer the question , Mr. Odin . Yes , I know it . But I 've never prescribed it or administered it . Have you ever ordered others to do so ? No . Do your religious beliefs preclude you from exacting revenge , either physically or psychically on those who might not share them ? The barbarians will one day be cleansed from the earth . Answer the question ! You did it , didn 't you ? ! You did something to those kids ! Sheriff . I 've already had to go through this once with your kid . Can you just take a walk ? You know , for a holy man , you 've got quite a knack for pissing people off . We got problems down the street . Keep your minds open to the wisdom of the guides . We don 't care about the wisdom of the guides ! All we ask is that you listen , question what we say and consider it seriously . You have the power to change your whole lives before it is too late . End the slaughter . The rights of the just must be protected , just as the barbarism must cease . Violence against nature begets violence against man . How about a little cow blood ! What do you think you 're doing ? ! Get out of here ! Get going ! Get ! Get in the truck ! You the FBI agents ? Yes . There 's something I 'd like to show you . This pastureland belonged to my granddad . He bought it in 1890 . Yeah , he died right over there next to that cattle pen- - 82 years old . Just fell off the tractor one morning . Hmm . Then my dad worked this piece for the next 40 years . I put in 25 myself before I decided to call it quits . Sold it for 80 times what my granddad paid . Why 'd you sell it ? Ah , business changed . People changed , too . In what way ? Competition . Used to get by with 50 milk cows . Now you got to have 500 . Used to turn them out to pasture . Now you keep them in pens and grain feed them . You said you wanted to show us something . You 're looking at it . See those men over there ? Well , they 're injecting the cattle with something called BST . Bovine somatotropin . A genetically-engineered growth hormone . Yeah , shoot ' em up and the cow will produce ten percent more milk . Feed it to beef cattle- - more meat on the hoof . Changed the business . Changed a whole lot of things . How do you mean ? Well , now , that , uh ... fracas in town this afternoon . Ten , even five years ago , never would have happened . People around here have changed , you know , they 've gotten mean , spiteful , dog-eat-dog . We had seven rapes here last year by high school boys . Well , that , um ... this-this business of the , uh , kids being found in the woods- - well , I think that you 're going to find it all comes from the same root source . The growth hormone . Yes , sir . But those hormones have been proven safe . They 've been cleared by the FDA . Says who ? The government ? I don 't know , Doc . I 'm losing oil pressure like crazy . I don 't know what 's going on . - How far are we from the airport ? - We 're not gonna make it . I 'm gonna have to find some place to put it down . Look out ! Still trying to I.D. the pilot . What about the second body ? That 's Dr. Jerrold Larson . Did you know him ? Yeah . He delivered my kid . Something else over here I want you to see . Thank you . Looks like the doctor may have been delivering more than babies . That 's why I brought you ought here . Any clue what this is about ? I have no idea . Jerry Larson was a pillar in this community ; he was the last of the country doctors . Well , wherever he was coming from , I 'd say that was one hell of a house call . You don 't think this has anything to do with what happened to those kids ? I think we 'll know more once we find out what this is . You 're sure ? Both kids ? No , that 's okay . I 'm sure you 're correct . Thank you very much . Scully ? You 're not going to believe this . You found a connection between the out-of-town kids and the kids abducted here . Every one of them was delivered and treated through childhood by Dr. Larson . Yeah , the printouts we found in the briefcase were mostly shipping orders , along with a list of credit card numbers- - each number corresponding to a card in the victim 's family . Why would he carry a list of credit card numbers ? I don 't know , maybe to track them the way credit card companies track stolen cards ? But why ? And what was he treating them for ? What was he treating them with ? I don 't know . We won 't get the test results back on the vial until tomorrow . Are you thinking it might be bovine growth hormone ? I know that was the first thing through both of our minds , Scully , but it just doesn 't track- - not with that briefcase full of cash . I know , and it still doesn 't answer the question about who 's marking those kids . Or why . Go on . Away we go . So , I 'll see you in the morning . Yeah . 8 : 30 sharp . Howdy . Hi . Sorry to come unannounced . Gary 's not home right now . Actually , we wanted to talk with you , if that 's okay . I don 't know what to say . You think Dr. Larson was doing some kind of tests on Gary ? Well , thinking back , was there anything that seemed strange to you ? Was Gary sick often ? No . Actually , Gary 's never been sick a day in his life . Gary was never sick ? No . Why was he going to Dr. Larson ? Dr. Larson gave him vitamin shots . He gave them to a lot of kids . He said it was like treating their teeth with fluoride- - as a preventive measure . Did you ever take Gary to another doctor ? No . Jay had wanted to . Jay 's your husband ? Yes . He was concerned Gary wasn 't growing . Jay was 6 ' 5 " . He wanted Gary to play college ball . But then there was Jay 's accident . What accident ? It was seven years ago . He worked at the packing plant . He had an accident with one of the machines . Excuse me . What is this ? What ? This light here . I don 't know . There 's something back there . What is it , Mulder ? Looks like somebody 's private little movie studio . What ? Oh , my God . Got to drain the lizard . What do you want , applause , man ? Rick ? ! Rick ? ! All right . Sheriff , we 're gonna find who did this ... Get away from him . Get back . Oh , my God . Ricky . Son . No . No . No ! His name is Gert Thomas . He 's owned the building for 21 years . He used to run a day care center out of it . They 're holding him for us . What is it ? I know that face . What ? That 's quite a video library you 've compiled for yourself . I especially like the ones with the little boys . I know . I 'm ... a sick man . No . No , men who know they 're sick try to get help . You just kept right at it for years . I didn 't mean to hurt anyone . Did you kidnap those kids ? Yes . Are you prepared to confess to those crimes ? Yes . And to the murder of Rick Mazeroski and ... No . I never murdered anybody . Did you kidnap Rick Mazeroski ? Did you write this on his back ? Oh , my God . Answer the question ! No , I ... I never killed them . I never killed anybody . I ... I really loved those kids . Is this how you express your love for them ? Did you kidnap Rick Mazeroski ? Did you write that on his back ? ! - Yes ! - Why ? ! Because of what he had become ! What did he become ? ! Because those kids have become monsters . You 're not making any sense . Now , make sense to me . Because of Dr. Larson ; because of the tests . Excuse me . Okay , what tests ? Dr. Larson was using those kids as guinea pigs , and he was using us , too . What do you mean , using you ? To inoculate the cattle . With growth hormone ? I don 't know exactly what it was , but he was paying us a lot of money to do it . So you 're saying that Dr. Larson was paying you a lot of money to inject the cattle with something and you didn 't know what it was ? Not until later . Not until after all those rapes . Dr. Larson told my boss that he felt responsible for everything that those kids have done and that he was giving them the same inoculations . Was Dr. Larson involved in the kidnapping ? No . No . He didn 't want his secret to come out . He didn 't care about those kids like me . Mulder ? Mm-hmm . I , uh , I think he 's telling the truth . I don 't think he killed anyone . How can you be sure ? I just got the toxicology report back on the broken vial . The residual substance couldn 't be analyzed because it contained synthetic corticosteroids with unidentified amino acids . That 's purity control , Mulder . Do you know what you 're saying , Scully ? The man who died in that plane crash was inoculating those kids with antibodies derived from what may have been an extraterrestrial source . He 's been injecting those kids with alien DNA . No , Mulder , that was never proven conclusively . But it 's the same substance we found in the Erlenmeyer flask , isn 't it ? The same material my Deep Throat contact died for . - Yes . - Well , it all make sense . The money in the briefcase- - they 've been conducting an experiment here . Somebody 's been paying to have those kids injected with alien DNA to see how they 'd react . It 's been going on for years . Does that man know anything about it ? No . He 's just some pour soul who blew their cover . I don 't think he knows any more than he 's telling us . Well , I think his boss must have , because they just found him shot to death in a cow pasture . What ? I think I know who shot him , Mulder . That man that I recognized on the road today- - that 's the same man that executed Deep Throat . Well , whoever 's behind this , he 's here covering their tracks . He 's going to go after the kids . You get the sheriff and meet me at Gary Kane 's apartment . And , Scully ... I want this guy alive . Where 's Gary ? - He 's in his bedroom . - Go pack some clothes , things you 'll need ; you 're all coming with me . What ? I 'll explain later . Those credit card numbers- - every kid 's family that was listed- - get them packed up . Call out every man you 've got . Where are we taking them ? Yes ? I need your help . For ? It may offend your religious sensibilities , but it could help save some kids ' lives . Sheriff . Where 's Mulder ? He told me to make sure that the kids were safe . He thought there was some other place this guy might be . Stop right there ! Hey ! Don 't move ! Put it down . Now . Just put the lighter down . Hey ! Get him out of here . Get everyone out of here . Come on . File number XWC060361 . The identity of the man shot in the slaughterhouse has yet to be determined . His name , any record or artifact of his past , present or immigration status have yet to be found . His fingerprints are not on file in either the FBI or national system of records . At this time , it remains doubtful that anyone will come forward to I.D. or claim the body . Under further analysis , the inoculant found in the broken vials was isolated and determined to be an unstable antibody of no known biological origin . After three weeks of study , the components of the serum , probably synthetic , have broken down structurally and , in this retrograde state , cannot be analyzed further . This coincides with the development of a severe and undiagnosed flu-like ailment affecting the children who were believed to have been inoculated , and some of the local families . To date , none of the congregants or members of the Church of the Red Museum have contracted this illness . I suspect whoever was doing this may have been using them as a control group . The shipping manifests for what is believed to be milk and beef tainted by the unspecified inoculant do not provide enough information to track their destinations . A local advisory and quarantine have been established . Further inquiry into the tainted beef has been promised by the pertinent government health agencies . The FBI investigation into this case is currently at a standstill . The case remains open and unsolved . I made this !
