 As soon as we 're in position , we 'll be on a count of five . Excuse me . That 's my house . Okay , let her through . What 's going on ? - Stand by . Mrs. Budahas ? - Yeah . Your husband has violated base security procedure . He 's commandeered a military vehicle , is believed to be armed . - Team one moving in . - Oh , my God . You 've got to let me talk to him . What the hell ? We got him , but he 's going to need a doctor . Or something . Hi . I got your message . Sorry for the runaround . Can I buy you a drink ? It 's 2 : 00 in the afternoon , Agent Mulder . That 's not stopping the rest of these people . I got something to show you . Something you couldn 't show me at work ? Let 's get a table . Okay . That 's Colonel Robert Budahas . That photo was taken last year when he was a test pilot for the military stationed at Ellens Air Base in southwest Idaho . Four months ago , Colonel Budahas experienced a psychotic episode and barricaded himself in his home . The military police were called in . Budahas was removed and apparently hospitalized for the treatment of his condition . Which was what exactly ? The military will not comment on the cause , nature or status . In fact , the military will not comment - on Colonel Budahas at all . - What do you mean ? Mrs. Budahas has neither seen nor heard from her husband in over four months . Her inquiries to the military have gone unanswered . Last month , she contacted the FBI and reported it as a kidnapping . What reason would the military have to kidnap one of their own pilots ? That 's the $ 64,000 question , Scully . Since 1963 , six pilots have been listed missing in action from Ellens Air Base . The military will say only that these pilots accepted the risks of flying experimental aircraft . Yeah , there are rumors those pilots were shot down at high altitudes while they were routinely penetrating Russian airspace . There were other rumors , too . I 've been tracking this case since it came through the Boise regional office last month . Last week , for reasons I can 't figure out , it was deprioritized . They shelved this case without an investigation , Scully . So ... So you and I are going to the Spud State to investigate a little kidnapping . I don 't get it , Mulder . Does this have something to do with an X File ? I thought you only liked those paranormal-type cases . Am I missing something here ? Let 's just say this case has a ... distinct smell to it . A certain paranormal bouquet . Excuse me . Leave this case alone , Agent Mulder . What ? The military will not tolerate an FBI investigation . Who are you ? I , uh ... can be of help to you . I 've had a certain interest in your work . Sorry . How do you know about my work ? Let 's just say that I 'm a position to know quite a lot of things ... things about our government . Who are you ? Who do you work for ? It 's unimportant . I came here to give you some valuable advice . You are exposing yourself and Agent Scully to unnecessary risk . I advise you to drop the case . I can 't do that . You have much work to do , Agent Mulder . Don 't jeopardize the future of your own efforts . You okay , Mulder ? Yeah . I 'm fine . Hello . - Mulder ... - Yeah . I checked on that file you gave me . Uh-huh . You failed to tell me a few things . This isn 't some UFO goose chase you 're leading me on , is it ? Are you there , Mulder ? Yeah . Did you hear what I said ? Because the Bureau has it out for us already and it would make us appear pretty stupid if my field report read like some tabloid story . Uh , listen , I don 't want to talk about it on this line . I 'll talk to you about it on the flight out , okay ? Hello ? Mrs. Budahas ? Yes . We 're from the FBI . Oh , yes . Please , come in . I started noticing it about two years ago . Bob developed this rash under his arms . We 'd been doing some renovations on the house so we thought it was a reaction to the paint stripper , but then everything just went crazy . How do you mean ? Bob 's whole personality ... it was so unpredictable . He started doing things ... What kinds of things ? It was kind of embarrassing at first . We were having this dinner party once and , um , he sprinkled Tetra Meal D all over his food . Hm ... ? That 's fish food flakes . You ever talk to him about this ? I tried . It was extremely difficult . Bob would get so angry , he 'd ... yell at the kids for no reason . And then , and then he would shake like he was having a seizure . Did he ever talk about his work ? It was never discussed , even before the problems . I knew that he worked on top secret projects ... word gets around ... but Bob was always a patriot first . He took loyalty to his country as an oath , and now they treat us like strange ... I just want my husband back . You know the government is not above the law . They cannot withhold information . And-and then I think ... well , what if he 's ... ? How would I support the family ? You said word gets around . I 'm sorry , um ... Have you ever heard of this happening to anyone else ? Um ... yeah . Verla McLennen 's husband ... he went kind of crazy . But it 's not like he didn 't get to come home . How long has he been ... ? Almost two years . The fly-fishing idea was his brother Hank 's . I was upset , at first , but when you 're the wife of a test pilot , you thank God just to have him home alive . Mrs. McLennen ? Has anyone ever offered to explain what caused this ? Stress , I guess . You have to understand ... the military deals with things in a certain way . They 've given him plenty of therapy and treatment and I 'm thankful for that . They 've taken good care of us . And , you know , they do volunteer for their jobs . Really , Anita ... bringing the FBI to my house . Here ... I 've , um , I 've called all the numbers about a thousand times . Please , let me know what you find out . We 'll be staying at the Beach Grove Motel , if you need anything , okay ? Thanks . Come on , kids . So what did you make of Uncle Fester , down the block ? Oh ... It 's called stereotypy . It 's a syndrome produced by extreme stress . P.O.W. ' s have been known to suffer from it . They 've studied it in zoo animals . Yeah , but these guys aren 't zoo animals , they 're test pilots . They 're not supposed to fold under pressure , they 're supposed to thrive on it . Ever hear of something called the Aurora Project ? Yeah , that 's the unacknowledged code name for some new kind of Defense Department surveillance project . The Pentagon has all but admitted they 've been testing a secret class of suborbital spycraft over the western U.S. Maybe these guys are flying those planes . Maybe these guys are the washouts . You saw the photos on the wall in there . This guy Budahas received a presidential commendation . He 's never washed out of anything in his life . Been on hold with the base director of communications for 45 minutes . How about you ? Yeah , somebody named Colonel Kissell will meet with us ... a week from Friday . Yeah , right . Did you say Kissell ? Colonel Kissell ? Yes ? Can I talk with you ? Special Agent Mulder , FBI . I 've got nothing to say . Please ! This is an invasion of my privacy . Why don 't you talk to us about Colonel Budahas ? Why don 't you get the hell out of my yard ? Good thing we still kept that appointment . Hi . Are you the FBI agents ? I 'm Paul Mossinger . I , uh , work for the local paper . We live a few houses down from Verla McLennen . She said you guys are out here looking into this Budahas thing . We 're just looking around . I got you . Right . A lot of people out here just looking around . UFO nuts mostly , but it 's not every day we get FBI . By the time you hear them , they 're already gone . So this Budahas thing ... are you getting anywhere ? We 're not at liberty to comment . Well ... Paul ... right ? You 've lived in this area a while . You ever seen a UFO ? Never . Bunch of hooey , if you ask me . People see what they want to see . But if I wanted to talk to one of those UFO nuts that you referred to earlier , where would I go ? F-15 Eagle , pulling about four g 's . Those boys think they are such hotshots . Get a few drinks in them , you 'd think it was them up there flapping their wings . Who 's the photographer ? Various and sundry . I took the one on the end there . You 're kidding . Where ? Out on the back porch . Taking out the garbage . And there it was ... just hovering . Quiet like a hummingbird . For a minute there , I thought it was going to land in the parking lot and I was going to serve ' em lunch . I 'm selling limited edition prints , $ 20 . Down to my last five , if you 're interested . Put it on my tab . Sucker . What would be the chances of someone like me seeing a UFO ? Catch you outside . You want to see something weird , Mulder ? Ellens Air Base isn 't even on my USGS quadrant map . I know . Let 's go . You know ? Where are we going ? We got our own map , sucker . What do you honestly hope to see ? I don 't know . Maybe nothing . Is this why we came out here , Mulder ? To look for UFOs ? Yeah , this is going to look real good on my field report . Scully , wake up . You gotta see this . What are they ? I don 't know . Just keep watching . It 's unbelievable . That 's unreal . I 've never seen anything like it . They 've been going at it like that for almost half an hour . So it can 't be aircraft . Aircraft can 't maneuver like that . What else could they be ? I don 't know , lasers , maybe ... being shot from the ground , reflecting up off the clouds . Oh , my God . Here comes another one . That 's not a plane , that 's a helicopter . - Hey ! - Let 's get out of here ! Okay , don 't shoot . Stay right there . We didn 't do anything . Come on ! That was extreme . Let 's go . You 're coming with us . What ? So , what exactly were you guys doing in there ? We were , um ... we were just ... We kind of have this spot . You know , we go and we kind of kick back and listen to some tunes and , uh , watch the air show . Were you ever chased out before ? No ... first time , right ? Our friend showed us the hole in the fence about a year ago . Oh ! One time they dropped these bombs ... whoa . Yeah , it was kind of heavy . Oh , uh , there 's this place uh , called the Yellow Base , right ? Where they 're supposed to store all this stuff . And my friend said that there 's land mines all around it and junk like that . I 've got a 20 . Over . Roger , Redbird . Assume fallback position . We 're opening the cage . Redbird out . Sometimes they come in real low and just put on the skidders , right ? It 's like ... and then they just hang there and hover without making a sound , and you just think , you know , who turned down the volume , right ? What do you think they are ? Okay , everybody thinks that they 're , like , UFOs but I think it 's some kind of Star Wars cybertech newfangled hardware , right ? I don 't know , they 'll probably roll it out for Desert Storm II or something like that . Cruise right over Saddam 's house , you know ? He 'd be , like , what ? Do they look anything like this ? No . They look exactly like that . Thanks . Later , dude . What 's that ? Evidence . Kids today , huh ? You believe it all , don 't you ? Why wouldn 't I ? Mulder , did you see their eyes ? If I were that stoned ... Ooh ! If you were that stoned , what ? Mulder , you could 've shown that kid a picture of a flying hamburger , and he would have told you that 's exactly what he saw . All right , I want to show you something . This is a photo of a UFO that reportedly crashed in Roswell , New Mexico , in 1947 . Now , I know you don 't believe that story but just hear me out . Now , Ellens Air Base , the same base that we 're at right now ... the same base that , for some strange reason , doesn 't appear on your U.S. Government map ... is supposedly one of the six sites where parts from the wreckage were shipped . Mulder , are you suggesting that the military is flying UFOs ? No . Planes built using UFO technology . Mulder , come on ! You 've got two blurry photos one of them taken almost 50 years ago and another one you purchased today , in a roadside diner . You 're going out on a pretty big limb . Tell me there isn 't a remarkable resemblance . Tell me one good reason why either of these photos is authentic . You saw exactly what I saw in the sky tonight . What do you think they were ? Just because I can 't explain it doesn 't mean I 'm going to believe they were UFOs . Unidentified Flying Objects . I think that fits the description pretty well . Tell me I 'm crazy . Mulder , you 're crazy . And it still doesn 't explain to me what happened to Colonel Budahas . Thanks . You 're welcome . You didn 't come to raid my mini-bar , did you ? You ready for this ? What ? We got a message from Mrs. Budahas . Her husband came home last night . We got your message . Mrs. Budahas , are you okay ? Come inside . What is it ? What ? What 's wrong ? That ... is not my husband . Honey ... who are these people ? That is not him . That is not my husband . They 've done something to him . What are you talking about ? It 's okay , it 's okay . Just relax . I 'm Special Agent Mulder from the FBI . We 're out here investigating your disappearance , Colonel Budahas . I 'm wondering if you have any explanation of your whereabouts over the past four months . I was in the hospital . Here ? On base ? I think so . Colonel Budahas , do you mind if I ask you your birth date ? November 21 , 1948 . And the names of your kids . Josh and Leslie . They 're right there . Yeah . Green Bay fan . Yes , sir . Bet you remember the Super Bowl of ' 68 , huh ? Don Chandler . Kicked four field goals . Lombardi 's last game . Why do I have to answer these questions ? It 's not him . Colonel ... Colonel Budahas , you 're a pilot , isn 't that right ? Yes , sir . Bet you 've flown just about everything with two wings . I got this hotshot pilot friend who said he could do an Immelman at a sustained eight g 's . Is that possible ? I ... I don 't ... I can 't ... Anita ... I can 't remember . No ... Mulder , would you explain to me what 's going on ? I think they rewired that man 's brain ... some kind of selective memory drain . The brain doesn 't work like that , Mulder . You can 't just go in there and erase certain files . Then you explain it to me . There are types of amnesia that ... This is not amnesia ... I think it 's something far more deliberate and insidious . All I 'm saying is that the science or medical technology to do what you are suggesting does not exist . And neither does the technology to fly the aircraft we saw last night . Listen to me , Scully , they can do this . That man , he should have known the answer to the question . It just wasn 't in his head anymore . Even if they could , why would they do such a thing ? To control information . I think that after his psychotic episode , Colonel Budahas became a security risk . It couldn 't just be that he had a nervous breakdown with a concomitant memory lapse ? No , I think that men like Colonel Budahas are physiologically incapable of dealing with the stress of flying the aircraft we saw . Of doing those maneuvers at those speeds . I mean , we 're talking about a technology that is so sensitive and advanced that it 's taken almost 50 years to make it work . UFO technology , Scully . - What the hell is this ? ! - Hold on ! Please , step out of the car . You think if maybe we ignore him , he 'll go away ? Please , step out of the car . Guess not . Special Agent Mulder , FBI . Federal agents . You want to tell me what this is about ? National security . Now get in your car . You 'll be escorted back to your motel . You 'll pack and leave town immediately or assume the consequences of intense indiscretion . Nothing under Idaho plate CC1356 ? No plate registered under that number ? Thanks , Gail . No , no , no . I 'm sure the other one 's bogus too . Bye . So who were those guys ? I don 't think it was those kids they were chasing away from the base last night . I think it was us . They knew we were coming before we ever arrived and they returned Colonel Budahas as a decoy . There 's something I didn 't tell you , Scully . Something else ? I was approached by a man in DC who warned me to stay away from this case . He didn 't give me his name and my phone was being tapped . What ? ! Why would they go to all this trouble ? Out of a need for security ? Security of what ? I think there 's a huge conspiracy here , Scully . They 've got a UFO here , I 'm sure of it , and they 'll do anything to keep it a secret including sacrificing lives and minds of those pilots because what if that secret got out ? If ... if ... that were true ... it would be a national scandal . No , no , you 're not thinking big enough . If it were true , it would be confirmation of the existence of extraterrestrial life . Did you ever stop to think that what we saw was simply an experimental plane like the Stealth bomber or this Aurora Project ? Doesn 't the government have a right and a responsibility to protect its secrets ? Yes , but at what cost ? When does the human cost become too high for the building of a better machine ? These are questions we have no business asking . Our kidnap victim is no longer outstanding . Let 's get out of here , Mulder , while you still have a job . Aren 't you even curious ? Um ... I 'm going to shower , I 'll pack , and then we 'll get out of here . Mulder ! Where are you going ? Right here . Hey , aren 't you guys coming ? No , we 've ... you know , we 've only gone in at night . Okay . This spot you told me about where you watched the air show , how far is it ? 45 minutes ? Will I be able to find it ? Just stay on the path . And what about this other place you told me about ... Yellow Base , - where they hangar them ... ? - Don 't . Don 't even . It 's like ... ten miles . Nobody 's ever ... nobody 's ever been that far ! Hey , don 't go past the edge of the tall weeds . Oh , man . Did we tell him about the land mines and junk ? Hey ! You got him ! Go ! Go ! No ! Come on , hold him . Oxygen . Yeah , I 'm-I 'm trying to make a call to Washington , DC , and I can 't seem to get a long-distance line . Hello ? Hello ? Excuse me . Um , my phone 's not working . Can I use yours to make a credit card call , please ? Sure thing . Thank you . This one 's not working either . Phones are pretty undependable around here . People say it 's the military interference , but they say that about everything . Thanks . Hi . I was just looking for you . I knocked but I saw the door was open . I was in the lobby , trying to make a call . Phones down again ? Yeah . Base to Redbird . Can you give us your position ? Over . Redbird , do you copy ? What are you doing ? Excuse me . There 's nothing in there . Against the car ! Hands on the car ! Do it ! Put the gun down , and we 'll talk about it . I said hands against the car ! Who are you ? You 're a long way from home , Dr. Scully . Nobody wants this to come to violence now . Where 's Mulder ? We took him to the base . We waited for him . I want you to get on that walkie-talkie and find out where Mulder is . I don 't think I can do that . I think you can or I 'm going to have every newspaper in America out here writing about your experimental aircraft ! Vitals ... Respiration is normal . Blood pressure ... 120 / 50 . There are other ways to go about this . Yeah , I 've already seen where you get with tears and a sad story . Package is arriving ... Roger . What are we doing ? Waiting . I want the car running . I said start the car ! And put your hands on the wheel where I can see them . You do anything stupid and this situation could get big in a hurry . Yeah , you just keep telling yourself that . Intruder arriving . Copy . I want you to keep the car running and step out of the car . Get in the car , Mulder . Get in the car ! I just want to say , everything you 've seen here is equal to the protection we give it . It 's you who have acted inappropriately . You okay , Mulder ? I think so . Scully , I ... What ? How did I get here ? Hi . Hello . We came by to see how your husband was doing . Oh , he 's fine . He 's getting much better now . Do you think maybe we could see him ? Um , well , he 's resting now . Who is it now ? Thank you for your concern . They got to her , Scully . They were here . They must 've threatened her and Budahas ... That 's enough , Mulder ! We don 't know anything ... anything more than when we got here ... and that 's what I 'm going to write in my field report . Let 's get out of here , Mulder ... as fast as we can . Lieutenant Colonel Robert Budahas was returned to his home , though his own knowledge of his disappearance and whereabouts is vague and inconclusive . Special Agent Mulder 's insistence that Budahas may have been a test pilot on a top secret project involving aircraft using " recovered UFO " technology and may have suffered severe stress-related trauma by flying these aircraft is also inconclusive . Though this agent can corroborate Agent Mulder 's eyewitness account of two unidentified flying objects in the northern sky over Ellens Air Base , their exact nature or design could not be determined . Barring further authorized inquiry , this case ... Your lives may be in danger . Why ? Mm , you 've seen things that weren 't to be seen . Care and discretion are now imperative . I saw something I ... As I said , I can provide you with information but only so long as it 's in my best interest to do so . What is your interest ? The truth . I did see something ... but it 's gone . They took it from me . They erased it . You have to tell me what it was . A military UFO . Mr. Mulder , why are those like yourself who believe in the existence of extraterrestrial life on this earth not dissuaded by all the evidence to the contrary ? Because ... all the evidence to the contrary is not entirely dissuasive . Precisely . They 're here , aren 't they ? Mr. Mulder , they 've been here for a long , long time .
