 Previously on " Stargate SG-1 " : I promise you his death will ultimately prove to be a noble sacrifice . - Sarah . - It 's good to see you . I found traces of a foreign chemical on Teal 'c's uniform and I 've analysed it . I believe that Lieutenant Tyler , or the idea of him , is nothing but a chemical implant . Apparently the one he serves has no name . Oh , he has a name . The likes of you are simply forbidden to know it . Your guest has arrived . You 're to be congratulated . My sources have told me that you have managed to amass an impressive army , in a relatively short amount of time . I merely took advantage of favourable conditions . The old order has fallen . The System Lords are in disarray . Opportunities exist , but only for those who are bold enough to seize them . What are you proposing ? An alliance ? No . But I am offering you a position of power in exchange for your support . Osiris serves no one . You least of all . You once served lsis . She was my queen . She served me . Interesting . Interesting that you now choose a female host . A most attractive one at that . - You waste my time . - You misunderstand . I 'm not asking that you serve me . I must admit that I 'm merely an emissary for a much more powerful Goa 'uld . One whom you once knew well . Of whom do you speak ? Anubis . Unauthorised offworld activation . Receiving IDC transmission , sir . It 's the Tok 'ra . - Open the iris . - Oh , here we go . - Ren 'al . - General Hammond . - This is SG-1 . - I am familiar with all your exploits . - Your father Jacob sends his regards . - How is he ? On a mission at the moment , which is the reason I am here . There is a serious situation developing regarding the System Lords . Briefing room . It 's always suicide-mission this , save-the-planet that . No one ever just stops by to say hi any more . The deaths of Cronus and Apophis created a power vacuum that the other System Lords have tried to exploit . Recently they 've suffered heavy losses and expended an enormous amount of resources fighting amongst themselves . - Let the good times roll . - They may be coming to an end . They 've declared a truce and now they 're going to have a meeting to discuss the establishment of a new order . - So you want to stop them . - Quite the opposite , actually . We want them to meet . It 'll give us the rare opportunity to strike against all of them at once . You 're talking about taking out the entire Goa 'uld leadership ? - We are . - Welcome to the dark side . This has always been part of our long-term plan . We just weren 't quite prepared for the opportunity to present itself so quickly . Where exactly is this meeting taking place ? At a space station in the Hassara system . It 's considered neutral territory . Security will be tight . No weapons will be permitted . Access will be by cargo ship only . - Defences ? - Impenetrable . Could we gain entrance on one of the cargo ships ? They 'll be scanned at their approach to the station . OK . Let 's hear it . Every System Lord in attendance will be permitted to bring one human slave . You want one of us to do it . Specifically we need someone who speaks fluent Goa 'uld . Someone who is not Jaffa . If you agree to participate , we ask that you come to our base tomorrow . Jacob will be there . He will tell you all you will need to know . It is up to you , Dr Jackson . - Daniel Jackson . - Yeah . Have you considered the Tok 'ra proposal ? Yeah . If successful , it would deal the Goa 'uld a mortal blow . Yeah . I realise what 's at stake . Daniel Jackson , you have stated many times that in circumstances such as this you would avoid using such action if given a better option . Right . You think there 's a better way of overthrowing the Goa 'uld ? I currently have no plan that would accomplish as much as that of the Tok 'ra . That 's why I 'm gonna do it . - Ten hut ! - At ease . - Major . - Colonel . I see you drew the short straw . - Lieutenant Elliot , your first assignment . - Yes , ma 'am . Be nice to see a little action for a change . It 's just your basic offworld orientation , Lieutenant . There is no action . Maybe not , sir , but I am looking forward to meeting the Tok 'ra . You 'll get over it . Welcome to Revanna . - Hi , Dad . - It 's good to see you , Sam . - Jack , how are you ? - Kinda curious . Some of you know Aldwin . He 'll conduct the orientation for your new officers . First , a tour of the facilities . After that , a lecture on Tok 'ra insurgency techniques since the collapse of the second Goa 'uld dynasty . I take it all back , Lieutenant . This could be hot . Come . So how are you gonna get me in ? Yu will be among the System Lords attending the meeting . I thought you said he was going in as a slave . The System Lord Yu . Little joke there . Funny . Yu knows my face . He 'll recognise me . He will not . Ren 'al has been working on a version of the chemical obtained from the Reol . If you can get close enough to inject him , you 'll be able to convince him that you are in fact his most trusted Io 'taur . His ... what ? Lo 'taur is the highest rank among the human slaves of the System Lords . They 're like personal attendants . It 's considered a position of great honour . I spent the last two months establishing myself as a minor Goa 'uld in Yu 's service . I 'll be able to get Daniel on board his mothership and deal with the loose ends . What if Nirrti shows up ? She 's still a renegade and persona non grata among the System Lords . None of the other remaining System Lords have seen Daniel 's face . Assuming I make it on the space station , what happens next ? You will wait until all the System Lords have arrived and then you will use this . These two liquids mixed together form a most virulent poison . Press the button to open the valve between the two containers . The liquid will be vaporised . Within seconds the pressure will break the seal on the container and the gas will be released . - Am I supposed to hold my breath ? - The poison is only deadly to symbiotes . - Isn 't that dangerous ? - More than you know . There 's enough material in that vial to kill every Tok 'ra on this base twice over . This formula is our most closely guarded secret . - And it doesn 't kill the host ? - Not the chemical itself . But , as you know , the dying symbiote releases its own toxin , which is just as deadly . Daniel , the human host of a System Lord has been through the sarcophagus countless times . We know the toll that takes . They 're hundreds , maybe thousands of years old . Never mind the psychological damage , physically , without the Goa 'uld sustaining them , they die anyway . - So we 're doing them a favour . - In many ways , yes . - How many targets ? - Seven System Lords at the meeting . That 's all the major players . If we pull this off , the Goa 'uld may never recover . - What can we do ? - Wait here . I 'll communicate when the mission has been accomplished . Jacob ! Jacob , wait up . Why do I think there 's something you 're not telling us ? Now , come on ! You 're always saying that every time we knock off a System Lord a worse one shows up . Why should this be any different ? Others would eventually rise up , but by taking them all out at once we create a power vacuum leading to a galaxywide war as the remaining Goa 'uld jockey for position . That 'll last long enough for us to make a final , decisive move . Which is ? A wide-scale attack on the entire Goa 'uld population , using the symbiote poison . We 're gonna wipe them out , Jack . All of ' em . Why have I been enlisted for this task ? Politics have always been one of your greater skills . And am I to go alone ? I have my own mission upon which I must embark . Apparently , the Tok 'ra have developed a formidable new weapon . - How do you know ? - I captured a Tok 'ra spy in my midst . I doubt very much a Tok 'ra would reveal this information , no matter how you tortured him . You are correct . But Anubis has methods that would impress you . What are you going to do ? I am ... going to take this weapon from the Tok 'ra and destroy them . So why do the System Lords need human attendants ? Well , the Jaffa serve a strictly military function . Besides , if a System Lord 's host is injured beyond their symbiote 's capacity to heal , it can be pretty useful to have a human close at hand . Well , let 's hope it doesn 't come to that . - Are you clear on all the System Lords ? - Oh , yeah . I 'm fine . Good . We 'll be at Yu 's home world in a little over an hour . - Are you all right , Daniel ? - Oh , yeah . I 'm fine . I just think some of your details are a little , uh ... sketchy . Like what ? - We 'll use poison to wipe out the Goa 'uld . - Eventually . - What about the Jaffa ? - Well , that 's still a bit of a wrinkle . Unless we can reverse their biological dependency on immature symbiotes , they 'll all die as well . A bit of a wrinkle . Daniel , the Goa 'uld have been spreading across the galaxy for thousands of years . Now they 're showing zero population growth . We 're not sure why . But we intend to take advantage of the situation . We may never get a chance like this again . Are we good to go ? Yeah . When the Tok 'ra arrive on a planet , we go underground as quickly as possible . And you actually grow these tunnels from crystals ? Correct . Crystals are programmed with the specific layout of a given passageway , allowing us to structure the tunnel system as we see fit . - What about ventilation shafts ? - There are none . If we tunnel through suitable rock such as calcium carbonate , oxygen is produced . This gives us enough time to enter the tunnels and set up life-support systems . - Colonel . - Sir . Gentlemen . How goes the orientation ? It 's very interesting , sir , just as you predicted . Are you interested in Tok 'ra engineering ? Oh , " interested " doesn 't quite describe how I truly feel . You 're welcome to join us . Thank you , Aldwin , but I have to go help Teal 'c ... wait for Daniel . Excuse me . I can get you into Yu 's quarters . Your job is to get close enough to use this . All you have to do is prick him ... once . The effect will be immediate . He 'll believe you to be his loyal slave Jarren . - Jarren ? - Just don 't jab yourself with it . - Why ? - Actually I don 't know exactly . That in itself should scare you . As you know , we kept the body in stasis for several months as we tried to find a way to repair the damage . But in the end we were unsuccessful . All that is left of Martouf now lives on in Lantash . What 's its condition ? The symbiote is still recuperating , but the search has begun to find a new host . - I wanna see the research . - I 'm sorry , Major . All information about Zatarc technology ... Can only be released on the authority of the Council . I know . They 've been stonewalling me for months . I assure you Martouf was in no pain . - That 's not the problem . - What then ? If the symbiote was alive when Martouf came out of stasis , couldn 't it have healed his injuries ? - The possibility was remote . - How remote ? The host was too weak . In all likelihood the symbiote would have died . - You don 't know that . - We had to choose . - And naturally you chose the symbiote . - Your bias toward the host is only natural . It is better that one should live than that they both die . Isn 't this really about your Zatarc research ? - I don 't understand . - If Martouf had lived , you couldn 't have examined his brain tissue . You 'd have learned nothing . Would you have preferred his sacrifice to be for nothing ? I would have preferred another way . - You knew Martouf well ? - Yes . Well , knowing him as you did , what choice do you think he would have made ? Martouf is not entirely gone , Major . His thoughts and his memories live on in Lantash . Jarren . My lord does not wish to be disturbed at this time . - I don 't look a thing like this guy . - For this work you don 't have to . You 'll be fine . Just remember to pour from the right . Kel shak Jarren ? Aric kree Onak . Nis trah Jarren . I am your loyal servant Jarren . Rise . I will have my tea . - What 's goin ' on ? - We 've received a transmission . Our sensors have detected a fleet of motherships bound for Revanna . You must leave immediately . An incoming wormhole 's blocking our escape through the Stargate . The Goa 'uld can only sustain a wormhole for 38 minutes . The ships will be here before then . There is no other escape . Identify yourselves . I represent the Jade Emperor , the exulted Lord Yu Huang Shang-Ti . Two life signs scanned . No weapons detected . Lowering shields . Our fellow System Lords are not to be trusted . - Neither are their slaves . - Understood , my lord . Do you have any ships available ? A few unarmed cargo ships , but they 're on other missions . - We have begun making new tunnels . - What good is that gonna do ? Spread out the risk of getting hit by an air attack . You could lend us a hand moving life-support equipment and supplies . - Major , lend him a hand . - Yes , sir . - What are you doing ? - I 'm cutting power to the base . The energy signature would give away our position . - They must use random bombardment . - That 's encouraging . Colonel , the Tok 'ra have never had the military resources of the Goa 'uld . We use disguise and subterfuge . Our bases are designed to be hidden . We are just not equipped to repulse such a large enemy force . Well , they 're not just gonna go away . I can assure you , Major , if this base is compromised , we will fight until the last of us has fallen . With what ? Zats ? - What else is there ? - Well , you 've got that poison . If it 's half as good as you say it is , it could wipe out any potential ground assault . And risk killing every Tok 'ra as well ? Hey ! We 're all gonna die if we sit around and wait for the attack . Believe me . If it came down to it , we would sacrifice ourselves , and use the poison on our enemy if we had some . Unfortunately the only quantity in existence is in Selmak 's possession . It would take weeks to synthesise more . Lord Yu Huang Shang-Ti . Note them , Jarren . My future allies . Bastet , Kali the Destroyer . They made a treaty with Sobek , then attacked him in the celebratory feast . Sobek let his guard down . Rumour has it his head still decorates Bastet 's palace in Bubastis . You have a good memory . They are still worthy of my allegiance . Do not accept gifts from Baal . They have a habit of exploding , especially when he feels he has been slighted . He wiped out two star systems , 60 million lives , rather than lose them to Sokar in a territorial dispute . Poor loser . Do not consort with Morrigan 's servant . He will attempt to draw out strategic information in idle conversation . I know your last servant gave away the location of one of your secret bases . He was killed in the surprise attack . It is what has given me the honour to serve you , my lord . Olokun is still seething over a recent loss to my forces . He may try to kill you out of spite . Do not make me look foolish by allowing yourself to be murdered . Yes , my lord . Yu . I am pleased you were able to join us , given recent events . I understand your fleet suffered some heavy losses . I am not the only one . Did I not hear your new flagship was destroyed ? I lost 2,000 Jaffa . - Such is war . - No ! This is different . This enemy attacks like a coward . Bastet and Kali have suffered similar setbacks . They are more frequent , while the identity of our antagonist continues to elude us . I 'm certain you have your suspicions . We 're all suffering at the hands of this unknown adversary . By shrouding himself , he sows discord amongst us . Mansfield , it 's O 'Neill . Report . A section of the structure collapsed . We have some injured Tok 'ra here . - Sir , we got another one . - Get ' em outta there . Roger that . Let 's go . We gotta move . - Elliot , let 's go . - He 's still alive , sir . Major , what 's your situation ? Mansfield , report ! The al-kesh continue to bomb the area around the gate . No Tok 'ra have surfaced and attempted escape . Escape ? There 's no escape . They hide in their tunnels like rats . Continue the bombardment . Prepare your ground troops for infiltration . - Elliot . - Direct hit , sir . - Where 's the rest of your team ? - They 're dead . Sir , we need to get him to the infirmary . - The infirmary has been destroyed . - We 'll take them to the lab . Follow me . I 'm transferring the formula for the poison to this crystal . And I 'm erasing the memory of the computer . We 'll die before we give up our secrets . You know , we really should come up with a new strategy . One that does not include us dying . We must know what is happening on the surface . We 're cut off from the surface sensors . You must use the secondary ring room . Show them . Jacob . Jacob , are you there ? It 's Daniel . - Daniel , how 's it goin ' ? - It 's kinda like Goa 'uldan Mardi Gras . A shipjust docked , so by my count you got all seven . - It 's time to release the poison . - We may wanna hold off a while . - They 're expecting someone else . - Who ? I don 't know . It seems they 've got some mysterious new adversary . That 's strange . It 's not like a Goa 'uld to play it so coy . I 'll see what I can find out . I 'll contact you later . We have to get him out of here . - He needs medical attention . - We 've done what we can . - What about the symbiote ? - Out of the question . It could save Major Mansfield 's life . The symbiote 's life is being sustained by the chamber . It can 't help your friend . - We can 't just let him die . - If we implant the symbiote , we kill them both . They appear to be amassing a few troops . Once the air bombardment exposes the tunnels , they will infiltrate them . Carter , come in . Carter , respond . Let 's get back . This has gone on long enough . We must determine who is responsible for these attacks . The coward refuses to show himself . He only strikes with his ships , never with ground troops . Have none of you seen the faces of the enemy Jaffa ? I have . When my outpost at Cerador came under assault , my first prime managed to disable and board one of the enemy ships . - Did you take any prisoners ? - They fought to the death . Most had been in the service of Cronus and Sokar , but one bore the mark of Olokun . How do you explain this ? One of my motherships was surrounded by the enemy . Instead of dying with honour , the cowards surrendered and were taken . - They may well have switched allegiance . - And you expect us to believe this ? I too have suffered at the hands of this unseen foe . How dare you accuse me ! My lords , the final guest has arrived . I hope I 'm not missing all the fun . - Welcome , Osiris . - I thank you for honouring my request . Normally your petition for a seat here would not have been considered . Of course , the current situation is far from normal . Jarren . I think you 'll find I have much to offer . Shall we proceed ? - - What 's that ? A warning . The Jaffa have breached the tunnels . O 'Neill ! He is dead . Lieutenant ? Oh , my God . - Lantash . - I had no choice . Elliot ? I 'm afraid his injuries are severe . He has serious internal damage . It 's going to take all my strength just to keep him alive . He will have to speak for both of us . - Major . - Elliot . - It 's gonna be OK . - If you say so . Believe me , I know . The symbiote 's trying to heal you , OK ? OK . OK . Carter ? The ceiling collapsed , sir . Ren 'al and Major Mansfield are dead . As is Aldwin . Elliot 's in rough shape . There 's a Tok 'ra symbiote in him . - What ? - It feels very weird , sir . Lantash . He 's keeping him alive . Let 's take our chances on the surface . Jacob . What 's the delay ? They should all be there now . Yeah , we got a full house , but there 's a complication . Daniel ? - Sarah 's here . - Sarah ... You mean Osiris ? Did she recognise you ? I don 't know . I think so , but she didn 't tip her hand and I don 't know why . Daniel Jackson . You 're a rather long way from home , aren 't you ? The tunnel 's blocked . Does Lantash know if there 's another way to the secondary ring room ? There isn 't . Then indeed we are trapped . Visiontext Subtitles : Sarah Emery
