 The kids . Mom ! Mom ! - Mom ! - Kevin . Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Mom ! Ruby 's gone ! Ruby ? Ruby ? Ruby ! Ruby ! Ruby ! Agent Mulder 's latest 302 requesting assignment and travel expenses for the both of you . Sioux City , Iowa . That 's the first I 've heard of it . It came up through channels from Mulder 's ASAC to the District G-14 and onto my desk . I don 't understand . In essence , Mulder is petitioning the bureau to assign a case number to a tabloid headline . He must have more evidence than ... Not according to his 302 , he doesn 't . I admit , that is strange ... even for Mulder . Perhaps it has something to do with this . Take a look . An X File ? Has he shared any of this with you ? There 's no need to protect him . He 's the agent of record . He initiated the file himself . She was his sister . She disappeared 21 years ago . He was 12 and she was eight . He claims that he was in the room when it happened . He recalls a bright light outside the window and , uh ... and a presence in the room . In your opinion , has Agent Mulder 's personal agenda clouded his professional judgment ? In my opinion , no . But you can see how it might appear that way . As you know , Agent Mulder 's preoccupation with fringe matters has been a big source of friction in the bureau . This is another case in point . I 'm going to disallow the 302 . With respect , sir , at least let me talk with him and make a recommendation . It just doesn 't seem ... substantial enough to warrant an investigation . Okay , Scully , so we disagree . It 's not the first time , and it won 't be the last . Well , at least if we had a legitimate source , we could ... This is the essence of science . You ask an impertinent question and you 're on your way to a pertinent answer . What makes this case any more credible than the 100-year-old mother with the lizard baby ? Because the lizard baby wasn 't born anywhere near Lake Okobogee . Oko-what ? Bogee . Okobogee . Is that supposed to mean something to me ? If you know anything about trout fishing or UFO hot spots . Define hot spot . Four sightings in 1967 , August , including one by a National Weather Service plane . This is a light-blasted , digitally enhanced enlargement . The pilot took that photograph ? Try a Girl Scout with an Instamatic . Four of the nine girls in the troop claim to have seen something- - five if you include the den mother . The Air Force said it was a weather balloon caught in a wind shear , but there wasn 't a weather balloon launched that day within 700 miles . Now , read me the names of those Girl Scouts from 1967 . Lisa Terrel , Bonnie Winston , Doreen McCallister , Darlene Morr ... It 's the same Darlene Morris . Ms. Darlene Morris ? I 'm Agent Scully , and this is Agent Fox Mulder . We talked with you on the phone last night . Please , come in . Well , I knew that if I screamed loud and long enough that someone would listen , but I never expected the FBI . Uh , this is Kevin . Kevin , say hi . Would you like some coffee ? Mmm . Some days , I can 't even ... get myself up out of bed and ... Kevin has been acting so strange . I don 't know what to do anymore . I just want her back again . Ms. Morris , during the divorce , was there a custody battle ? Charles had nothing to do with this . How can you be so sure ? Because I know what happened . It 's just like it was before . Summer of 1967 ? The Girl Scout troop ? How did you know about that ? Your name 's on record at the Center for UFO Studies in Evanston , Illinois . Really ? Yeah , a pilot for the National Weather Service made a similar sighting over the same area on the same day . They took her , didn 't they , Mr. Mulder ? You said that , um , Kevin was there the night it happened ? He didn 't see anything . He was asleep . Do you think I might talk to him anyway ? Mmm . Thanks . You know ... I 've told the story so many times now ... oh , to the newspapers and the police ... and every time I tell it , people get this look in their eye just like the look that you 've got right now . Hey , buddy . You mind if I sit down ? Thanks . Your mom tells me you 've been having nightmares . I guess so . You want to tell me about them ? No . All right . What are you doing ? You making something ? Can I take a look at it ? Thanks . It 's coming from there . The TV ? I don 't know what it is : maybe a binary sequence of some kind . Could be anything , could be nothing . I know you 're busy . Look , um , I know a friend who knows a friend who knows a friend who can get you a ticket to a Redskins game . You got it . All right . You know where to find me ? Thanks , Danny . So , as I was telling your partner , we found no evidence of kidnap . No phone call , no ransom note and since we didn 't turn up a body ... You assume she ran away . Well , it wouldn 't be the first time Ruby Morris ran away from home . How do you explain what her mother saw ? Well , I think that Darlene has a very active imagination . I 've been listening to those stories since the first grade . So , basically , you ignored her statement . I included it in my report . But you didn 't bother to check it out . We went out to the campsite . We didn 't find anything . Let me tell you something . Darlene 's little girl was no prom queen . I can 't count the number of times I pulled her out of parked cars or found her puking her guts out by the side of the road . It was just a matter of time before ... Before what ? Before something bad happened to her . And if Darlene needs to make up crazy stories to get past that , fine , but don 't tell me to treat it as the truth . I 'm not going to waste my time . I just think it 's a good idea not to antagonize local law enforcement . Who ? Me ? I 'm Mr. Congeniality . You never know- - we might need his help one of these days . I 'll send him a Bundt cake . You 're looking for Ruby , right ? That 's right . Who are you ? Doesn 't matter . Are you a friend of Ruby 's ? Ruby didn 't have friends . She just had people she liked to hang with . And she liked to hang out with you ? I guess we had some times . Like the night she disappeared ? It was Greg . She was supposed to see him that night . Who 's Greg ? Her boyfriend , Greg Randall . They were supposed to meet up at the lake . They had stuff to talk about . What kind of stuff ? Greg got Ruby pregnant . I don 't know , whatever , she got herself pregnant . Do you know what they were planning to do about it ? They were going to leave town . At least , that 's what Ruby told me . You know Greg from school ? Greg ? School ? I don 't think so . All he ever did since we met him was pour beer at the Pennsylvania pub . Excuse me . Do you know where we could find Greg Randall ? Who 's asking ? What kind of trouble 's he got himself into now ? Actually , we were hoping you could tell us . Greg called in sick about three weeks ago , man . I haven 't seen or heard from him since . Any ideas where he might have gone ? No , but if you find him , you tell him he 's fired . This is the hotel we 'll be staying at if you hear of anything . Hey , that 's a nice tattoo . What is that ? What 's it look like ? A flying saucer . You don 't really believe in that stuff , do you ? I take it you don 't ? No , I think it 's all just a bunch of crazy people howling at the moon . So , you haven 't been out to Lake Okobogee , have you ? No , I haven 't . Why ? You should ride with us sometime . You might see some things that will change your mind . Get a killer sunburn in the middle of the night . Where 's Mulder ? Where did you get the document ? If you explain to me what you 're talking about , maybe I can help you out . This is a document ? Just looks like a bunch of ones and zeroes to me . Tell me where you got it . Tell me what it is . Keep playing games , Mulder , I 'll haul your ass up in front of the D-6 . You can explain to them what you 're doing obstructing justice . It 's your call , Holtzman . Unless they tell me otherwise , I 'm not accountable to anybody outside my subcommittee . I don 't care if it 's the NSA or the Vatican police . It 's a defense satellite transmission . You 're kidding . Just a fragment , but highly classified . We need to know where it came from . Well , sure , I 'll let you know as soon as I find out . That 's it , Mulder . You just bought yourself a one-way back to Washington . We got it . Great . What ? You shouldn 't have told them . They have no jurisdiction . Mulder , they 're NSA . They think the boy may be a threat to national security . Come on . How can an eight-year-old boy who can barely multiply be a threat to national security ? People call me paranoid . Well , how did Kevin obtain top-secret information ? I mean , where do you think he got it from ? Watch your step , ma 'am . It 's okay , baby . Don 't worry . It will be okay . Come with me , son . Mom ! Get in the car , please , ma 'am . It will be all right , baby . Watch your head , please . You guys do really delicate work . Let 's get this to cryptography . Let 's go . Think we got what we needed . Thank you . What is it ? I 'm not sure . We scanned all 77 pages through the mainframe in Washington . And none of the information is actionable ? Other than the satellite transmission , nothing can be construed in any way as a national security risk . As far as I know , the boy 's being released this afternoon . So it was just a random set of ones and zeroes ? On the contrary , there was nothing random about it . I don 't understand . All information can be rendered digitally in a series of ones and zeroes . When we downloaded the data , we found an amazing range of ... Well , see for yourself . Da Vinci 's Universal Man . A DNA double helix . There 's lots more . That 's from the Brandenburg concertos . But they 're just fragments . A few notes here , a few notes there , some lines from the Koran , a Shakespearean sonnet ... Almost like someone switching channels , huh ? Mrs. Morris ... I have nothing to say to you . Mrs. Morris , please , give me a minute to explain . Would you please just wait right over there for Mama ? I 'll be right there . I thought you were both supposed to be here to help us . This has been a terrible mistake , and I assure you that the government will pay for all repairs and damages . I don 't want your money . I want my daughter back , and I want you to leave us alone . But your son has seen something . You stay away from me , and you stay away from my child . Come on , honey . It 's okay . Let 's go now . I thought we were headed back into town . Where are we going ? The boy 's the key , Scully . I know it . The key to what ? Finding Ruby . Just think about it for a minute . This is a boy who is receiving all kinds of digitized data from a television screen . Agent Atsumi said it was a statistical aberration . No . Okay , I admit it 's not much of an explanation , but ... I think that Kevin is a conduit of some kind . A conduit . A link or a connection to whoever ... or whatever took Ruby that night . But how ? If there was an abduction , it 's likely that Kevin was touched in some way . Mulder , I know what you 're thinking . I know why this is so important to you . I know . But there is no evidence indicating an abduction . That 's why we 're going to Lake Okobogee . According to the police photos , Ruby and Kevin were sleeping right here . Just a stone 's throw from the forest wall . Meaning what ? Meaning anybody could have come out of the forest to grab her . Have you noticed the tree line ? Evidence of extreme heat . Or an electrical storm . Besides which , there 's nothing to connect it to the night of Ruby 's disappearance . That 's true . Do you think a lightning strike could have caused this ? Do you have any idea at what temperature sand solidifies into glass ? 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit . Something was out here , Scully- - something hot enough to turn sand into glass , to singe those trees and to blister the roof of that camper . Mulder ... look . What is it ? It 's a grave . Shallow , by the smell of it . Mulder , what are you doing ? Mulder , you are disturbing a crime scene . Stop ! What if it 's her ? I need to know . You okay , Mulder ? I 'm fine . Looks like a male Caucasian . Sir . Victim 's name was Greg Randall . Ruby 's boyfriend . Ruby had a lot of boyfriends . Before you put that away , can I take a look at it ? Go right ahead . Look at that . That 's her- - the girl from the library . Who ? We didn 't get her name , but she claimed Greg and Ruby had run off together . Well , Doc Fowler 's a buddy of mine . Delivered both my kids . I can find out who had that appointment . Have a seat , Tessa . We know that you lied to us the other day . We know that you had the appointment with Dr. Fowler on August 7 . We know that you 're the one that 's pregnant , not Ruby . You don 't know nothing , do you ? We can prove it , Tessa , and we can prove that Greg was the father . So what if he was the father ? This is very serious . Do you understand how serious this is ? Now , you 've waived the right to an attorney . So if you lie to us here today , you could be charged with perjury . He promised me we 'd be in L.A. by Christmas . He had a friend there . And I 'd never seen the ocean . You said that he and Ruby were seeing each other . You said that they were planning to meet at the lake . Is that true ? Look , I was nowhere near the lake that night , okay ? Sure you were , Tessa . You knew they were meeting , so you sat there and you waited for them . You were angry and you were jealous . - I wasn 't . - You sat there , and you waited , and when they showed , you killed him first . Isn 't that how it went ? - No . - You snuck up from behind him , and you shot him in the back . Bam ! And then you killed Ruby . Bam ! What was she doing right before she died , Tessa ? Was she pleading for her life ? Was she running away ? I didn 't kill her ! Where 's she buried , Tessa ? I don 't know ! You don 't know where you buried her , Tessa ? - I didn 't kill her ! - You didn 't ? She wasn 't even there that night ! Well , how would you know that , Tessa , if you weren 't there yourself ? Mulder , you 're not seeing the whole picture here . Which is ? Which is that , in all likelihood , Ruby is dead . Is that your conclusion or the conclusion of the Sioux City Sheriff 's Department ? They 're searching the national park , and a rescue dive team is coming in from Des Moines to drag the lake . They 're wasting their time . Do you really think Tessa Sears is telling the truth ? Why not ? What if Ruby never did show up that night ? She lied to us in the library . She lied to us about her pregnancy . What makes you think she wouldn 't lie to us about killing Ruby ? Because something was out there in those woods . We have a suspect in custody . We have a confession to one murder , and we have a statement which speaks to the intent to commit another . It 's over , Mulder . It 's time to go home and turn this over to local law enforcement . I can 't do that . Mulder , where are you going ? To talk to the boy . Darlene won 't even let you in the door . Well , I 've got to see him . They don 't want to have anything to do with us . Mulder , stop . Stop running after your sister . This won 't bring her back . Come with me , or don 't come with me , but until they find a body , I 'm not giving up on that girl . Hello ? Mrs. Morris ? Kevin ? Mulder ? What does it mean ? I don 't know . I 'm going to check upstairs . Oh , my God . What is it ? Just come up here . Look . It 's her . It 's Ruby . This is a long shot , Mulder . They could be anywhere . You know , when I was a kid , I had this ritual . I 'd close my eyes before I walked into my room because I thought that , one day , when I opened them , my sister would be there just lying in bed , like nothing ever happened . You know , I 'm still walking into that room ... every day of my life . Scully ! Darlene ! Look . There 's a trail ahead . Are you okay ? It 's here . I saw it . Where 's Kevin ? I couldn 't keep up with him . Go ahead . Kevin ! Are you okay ? She 's back . Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I don 't ... She 's here . I know it . Kevin , I don 't think she is . I know how much you wanted it to be her . - I did , too . - Mulder ! Come on . Scully ! Ruby ! She 's unconscious , but she 's still alive . I 'll get help . Nurse says she 's been awake for almost an hour . Any ideas what caused the coma ? Uh , there 's no sign of head trauma . No narcotic traces , or electrolyte abnormalities except her white blood cell count was sky-high . By any chance , was there an attendant reduction in the lymphocyte population or release of glucocorticoids ? Um ... actually , both . How did you know that ? They 're symptoms of prolonged weightlessness . Shuttle astronauts have reported similar imbalances . Hi . Hi , Ruby . Who are you ? We 're with the FBI . I 'm Special Agent Dana Scully , and this is Fox Mulder . My mom said you might be coming by . How are you feeling ? Fine , I guess . Where were you , Ruby ? Can you tell us ? It 's okay , Ruby . He knows . I 'm not supposed to tell . They told me not to say . Who told you ? Ruby , who told you ? Sweetheart , you don 't have to say anything . You 're right . We should wait till Ruby gets a little stronger . Can we speak outside for a moment ? I think that it 's best that we put all of this behind us . I mean , hasn 't Ruby been through enough already ? I know how disoriented she must seem right now , but in a couple weeks , maybe even a few days , we could ... I don 't want her talking to you or anyone . She should be encouraged to tell her story , not to keep it inside . It 's important that you let her . Important to who ? I have my daughter back . I don 't want any more trouble . Besides , she can hardly remember anything . She will remember one day , one way or another , even if it 's only in dreams . And when she does , she 's going to want to talk about it . She 's going to need to talk about it . Like I did ? Listen to me . All of my life , I have been ridiculed for speaking my mind . But it was the truth , Darlene . The truth has caused me nothing but heartache . I don 't want the same thing for her . It doesn 't have to be that way for Ruby . As far as I 'm concerned , she spent the last month on the back of a Harley-Davidson . Is that what you 're going to tell Kevin ? I 'm sorry . But your eyes are open ? Yeah , they 're open , but it 's like nothing 's happening . Try turning your head . I can 't . Why not ? I don 't know . I can 't move . So I don 't . I just lie there in bed . Can you see your sister ? No . But I can hear her . What is she saying ? She 's calling out my name over and over again . She 's crying out for help , but I can 't help her . I can 't move . Are you scared ? I know I should be , but I 'm not . Do you know why ? Because of the voice . The voice ? The voice in my head . What 's it telling you ? Not to be afraid . It 's telling me that no harm will come to her and that , one day , she 'll return . Do you believe the voice ? I want to believe .
