 What 's she doing there by herself ? Teena ? Honey ? You 're freezing . Where 's your jacket ? Where 's your daddy ? In the yard . He told me he needed some time to himself . I 'd say his time 's up . Come on , honey . I 'm sure he wouldn 't want you to catch cold . Joel ? Hey , Joel . Swing set 's supposed to be for your daughter , not for you . I 'll call 911 . Daddy ? Death by hypovolemia , 75 % blood loss . That 's over four liters of blood . You could say the man was running on empty . The man 's daughter , eight years old , was away from his side for no more than ten minutes . She doesn 't remember anything . There was no trace evidence to be found at the crime scene . And any evidence would have been washed away by yesterday 's rain . Oh , there were two small puncture wounds in the jugular . Are you at all familiar with the phenomenon of cattle mutilations ? Hmm ? Since 1967 , over 34 states have reported unsolved cases of cattle mutilations . The trace evidence is remarkably similar . Incision marks of surgical precision . The area around the mouth , and , often , the sexual organs has been removed . There 's a substantial degree of blood loss without a trace of blood at the scene . How can that be ? Exsanguination . If you were to stick a needle in the jugular of any living creature , the heart itself would act as a pump . These animals have had their jugulars punctured in the same as the man from Greenwich , Connecticut , only this is the first time I 've ever seen it on a human being . But there was no sign of a struggle . I mean , how can a man just sit through a bloodletting ? The M.E. found traces of digitalis- - that 's a South American plant that can be used as a paralytic drug . Wait a minute . These X Files indicate this is a UFO-related phenomena . Often , there are sightings in the sky near the incident , surface burns ... Witnesses often report time loss . We 've seen this in abduction cases . That might explain why the girl can 't remember anything . Mulder , why would alien beings travel light-years to Earth in order to play doctor on cattle ? For the same reason we cut up frogs and monkeys . Besides ... they seem to have stepped up their interest . Her mother passed away from ovarian cancer two years ago . There 's no other family . We 'll keep Teena here until we can place her with a foster family . Has she spoken about it ? No , not a word . Any nightmares ? No . At least , not that I know of . May we talk to her now ? Yes . Teena . These are the people we talked about . This is Miss Scully and Mr. Mulder . Do you think you can talk to them ? Okay . Hi . I know you must be feeling very sad right now and scared , but we want to find out what happened so we can help stop whoever hurt your daddy , okay ? Okay . Did you ever see any strangers with your daddy at home ? Did you ever see anyone yell at your daddy or your daddy yell at them ? No . Can you think of anyone who might want to hurt your daddy ? No . That 's a nice bunny , Teena . Teena , can we talk about what happened that day ? About what happened in the backyard ? Yeah ? Do you remember any strange sounds or lights or anything like that ? There was red lightning . Can you tell me more about the red lightning ? I can 't remember . It all went dark . Have you ever seen anything like that before ? You have ? When ? The men from the clouds . They were after my dad . Scully . Where ? Why were these men after your dad ? They wanted to exsanguinate him . Thanks . Mulder . What ? There 's been another one . It 's like looking at a mirror image . The victim , Doug Reardon , was married with one daughter . Cause of death : hypovolemia . Mulder , this is uncanny . They also found traces of the poison , digitalis . Puncture wound ? Uh ... yes . On the jugular . Time of death was estimated at 2 : 30 p.m. Same day , only three hours earlier than the Simmons murder . That 's Pacific Standard Time . That makes it the exact same moment . It appears as if we have two serial killers working in tandem . No , serial killers rarely work in pairs , and when they do , they kill together , not separately . Mulder , nothing beyond your leading questions to Teena Simmons substantiates UFO mutilation theory . Was Reardon 's daughter here when he was murdered ? Yes . The police report states that she remembers nothing . Uh , she 's with her mother and family in Sacramento . When will they be back ? Um ... tomorrow . Even money , she 'll remember red lightning . Teena ? Teena ! Teena ? Teena ! She was kidnapped from the social services home around 11 : 00 p.m. last night . Looks like someone was afraid she might remember too much . Someone or something , Scully . Connecticut state troopers set up roadblocks within a half an hour . Nothing . Maybe they weren 't looking in the right direction . I told them to contact us in case they find her . Teena ? No . What 's your name ? Cindy Reardon . Do you live here , Cindy ? Ever since I was born , eight years ago . Help ! Uh , this is the ceremonial signing of , uh , the bill which is now known as , and forever forward from this point on , known as ... Cindy really is a beautiful little girl , Mrs. Reardon . Doug and I wanted to spoil her . We wanted to protect her from everything horrible in the world . She was daddy 's little girl . Is she an only child ? May I ask ... was Cindy adopted ? No . I gave birth to her at San Rafael General . So I assume you have all the proper documentation- - birth certificate ... Of course I do . Was she the only child delivered at that birth ? What the hell kind of question is that ? Look , I have told the police everything I know . Mrs. Reardon , have you ever seen this man before ? Is ... is this your suspect ? - No . - Did he do something to Cindy ? No , he ... No , Mrs. Reardon . This is not your daughter . That girl 's name is Teena Simmons . She lives 3,000 miles away in Greenwich , Connecticut . That man- - her father- - was killed in the same manner as your husband . Cindy is my daughter . I can show you videos of her birth . We tried for six years to become pregnant . In vitro fertilization ? At which clinic ? The Luther Stapes Center down in San Francisco . Thanks . Do you still believe this is UFO-related ? Cindy Reardon didn 't see red lightning . I don 't know . The only thing similar about these girls does seem to be their appearance . Well , there is the random possibility that two people can have an unrelated likeness . Who both just happened to see their fathers exsanguinated . I 'd like to get the odds on that in Vegas . The girls are the one and only link between identical murders . And one girl was just abducted . Kidnapped . ♪ Po-ta-to , po-tah-to ... ♪ Where are you going ? If the murders were committed by the same person or persons and part of the pattern involves kidnapping the daughter ... Then you 'd expect the pattern to continue . I 'm going to keep an eye the girl . You check out the clinic . See if the Simmons were enrolled in the same fertility program . Okay . I 'll call the San Francisco bureau and get someone to relieve you . Okay . In vitro fertilization is a procedure in which we can implement fertilization and implantation of the embryo in the uterus . Could a patient believe she was receiving her own egg but actually receive another without her knowledge ? Not here . We have very strict controls . Are you aware of ever having patients by the name of Claudia and Joel Simmons ? Any information about our patients is confidential . It 's our policy . Both the Simmons are dead , and their daughter has been kidnapped . I 'd say any information you have that could help would override your policy . You had copies of their records transferred to Greenwich , Connecticut in 1991 . They came here nine years ago under the supervision of a Dr. Sally Kendrick ? Is there a problem ? Dr. Kendrick was nothing but a problem . Hello , and welcome to the Luther Stapes Center for Reproductive Medicine . I 'm Dr. Sally Kendrick , a specialist in the exciting field of in vitro fertilization ... She was a resident here in 1985 . Brilliant . First in her class at Yale Med where she got her M.D. after completing her doctorate in biogenetics . Oh , we were thrilled to get her . And now you don 't sound so thrilled . We have reason to believe that Dr. Kendrick was tampering with genetic material of fertilized ova in the lab prior to implant- - experimenting with eugenics . Did you report this to the AMA ? Of course . And I fired her . I also requested an investigation from the U.S. Health Department . And what happened ? The AMA censured her . My request for an investigation was denied . Dr. Kendrick ... disappeared . We know the pain of infertility , and we are ready to help . In the next half hour , I will guide you through our IVF program ... Kendrick was the supervising physician on both the Reardons' and the Simmons ' IVF program . It seems she was experimenting at the clinic . And maybe now she 's trying to erase the results ? I wish that we could guarantee everyone success , but with our scientific advances , a little luck and a lot of hope , miracles can happen . Well , she must have had an accomplice in order to have done both murders . So you think this is a vendetta that she and a colleague have against the Stapes Center ? Mulder , does this mean you have abandoned your UFO connection ? Hello ? Hello ? Just a couple clicks . Must be the wrong number . I 'll tell you what ... um , I 'm going to sleep on it and we 'll talk about it in the morning . Mulder , you 're rushing me out of the room . No , I 'm not . Do you have a girl coming over ? What 's a girl ? I got a movie I want to watch on TV . Sleep tight . I 'll see you in the morning . Are you certain she hasn 't followed you ? Yes . What are you doing here ? Well , I thought we might take in a Warriors game . No . Actually , I was , uh ... just in the neighborhood and , uh ... wondered if I had ever told you about the Litchfield experiments . Hmm ... no , you haven 't . Well , it was a most ... interesting project . Highest level of classification . All records have since been destroyed . And those who knew of it will deny knowledge of its existence . In the early ' 50s , during the height of the Cold War , we got wind that the Russians were fooling around with eugenics- - rather primitively , I might add- - trying to crossbreed their top scientists , athletes- - you name it- - to come up with the superior soldier . Naturally , we jumped on the bandwagon . The Litchfield experiment . Mm-hmm . A group of genetically controlled children who were raised and monitored on a compound in Litchfield . The boys were called " Adam " and the girls were called " Eve . " There 's a woman you should see , and I 'll make sure that you can get in . Agents Mulder and Scully here to see Eve 6 . Deposit your firearms . Sign for these . What are those ? Panic buttons . Can 't let you inside without one . Lockdown ! Thank you . Why the flashlight ? She screams and screams if we turn the overheads on . No one 's ever got a real good look at her . We 'll be right outside . Hello ? So I guess you found what you 're looking for . One of us , at least . Sally Kendrick . Unlock the chains , and then we 'll talk . They 're probably there for a good reason . No . A bad reason . I paid too much attention to a guard . Bit into his eyeball . I meant it as a sign of affection . Are you here to give me an IQ test , by any chance ? I think I can top 265 . We 're very bright , we Eves . It runs in the family . Where are the others , the Adams and the Eves ? We 're prone to suicide . All that 's left is me ... and Eve 7 . She escaped early on . And Eve 8 . She escaped ten years later . Are you Sally Kendrick ? That 's not my name , but ... she is me , and I am her , and ... ♪ We are all together . ♪ Did you work for the Luther Stapes Center for Reproductive Medicine in 1985 ? In 1985 , I had been tied up like this for two years and for what reason ? No reason . I did nothing . I 'm just me . They made me ... but did they suffer ? No . No , I suffer . I suffer ! They keep me alive for the Litchfield Project . They come in and they test me . They poke me to see what went wrong . Sally knows what went wrong . You and you- - you have 46 chromosomes . The Adams , me , the Eves- - we have 56 . We have extra chromosomes . Number four , five , 12 , 16 and 22 . This replication of chromosomes also produces additional genes . Heightened strength , heightened intelligence ... Heightened psychosis . Saved the best for last . You don 't believe me . I have proof . Look on my wall . My family album . My God . It 's the girls . We were close . We were very close . Sally Kendrick was using the clinic to carry on the Litchfield experiment . She was cloning herself . " Now I lay me down to sleep " Pray the Lord my soul to keep " If I should die before I wake I pray the Lord my soul to take . " God bless Grandma and Grampa Stenner , Irma and Irmapop , and God bless Mom and please take care of Daddy up in Heaven . You 're such a special little girl , Cindy . Good night , honey . If Eve 6 is right and there are two other Eves out there , that could account for the two identical murders occurring at exactly the same time . Sally Kendrick does have an accomplice : herself . Until I heard that , I was beginning to suspect the girls . No , no , no , no . It seems the two remaining Eves are doing away with the parents in order to keep Teena and Cindy in the family . Do you suppose the girls have any idea of what they are ? I hope not . Mulder , let 's go . I 'll take the back . There 's someone upstairs . Wait outside . FBI ! I 'm armed ! Which one are you ? Eve 7 or Eve 8 ? Drop it . You know I 'm capable . Slow . Very slow . The suspect 's name is Sally Kendrick . Early 40s ; five foot , eight ; 135 pounds . Now , she may have an accomplice similar in appearance . Kendrick is driving a light blue ' 93 Corolla . She has exceptional strength for her size . So you must consider her armed and dangerous . Quite possibly she 'll display severe psychotic behavior . Now , the Oakland bureau is here to orchestrate the search across the bridge . What if ... ? What if she kills her ? First Doug , now Cindy ? Mrs. Reardon , the fact that Kendrick and her accomplice murdered the fathers and abducted the girls tells us that they want them alive . I 'm sure Cindy 's alive and we 'll find her . And then what do we do ? I 'm sorry you have to meet this way . But it 's the best for all concerned . Teena Simmons , meet Cindy Reardon . Agent Scully ? Mulder . Yep . They found the light blue Corolla in the parking lot of San Francisco International . Oh , good . Okay . Uh , I want you to start a check on every single passenger list for every flight that left the terminal within the past 12 hours . I want you to check every single terminal and make sure she 's not hiding out for a later flight . And remember , she may have an accomplice . That was a motel manager in Pt . Reyes , says he 's got a guest that matches Sally Kendrick 's description . We just found the car at the airport . She might have ditched it . The manager says this woman checked in with a little girl , that she leaves the hotel in the afternoon by herself , is gone all night , and then returns with the little girl . Someone else could have picked up the girl without the manager knowing about it . I mean , the area is a place full of vacationing families . There could be hundreds of little kids running around . No , he remembers this kid . She told him he should use chlorine to eradicate the dinoflagellates in the swimming pool . Does that sound like someone you know ? That 's it . I 've always kept a close eye on your behavior no matter where I was . The last few years , I spent in search of the remaining Eve . That , however , was cut short by your ... activity . I 'd hoped my work at the Stapes Center had corrected the Litchfield flaws . Psychotic behavior didn 't develop in the Adams and Eves until age 16 , homicidal behavior at 20 . Imagine my ... disappointment when I learned of your accelerated development . How did you learn of each other 's existence ? We just knew . Did you discuss how you would orchestrate your little ... prank ? We just knew . Why murder your fathers ? They weren 't our fathers . We have no parents . We weren 't born . We were created . You ... you cannot think that way . You 're human beings ... different , special ... but you cannot give in to genetic destiny . That 's why I 've taken you . I was raised by a man who knew what I was . He was a genetic engineer on the project . With the ... the proper environment and a program of long-term medication ... you can become like me . And not the other Eves . Wh-What ... ? What have you done ? Your soda- - four ounces of foxglove . Extracted from a digitalis plant . This much is a lethal dose . We cultivated them ourselves . Wh-Why ? You tell us . You made us . We 're your mistake . I-I 'll ... correct ... that mistake . Well , I waited like you told me . No one 's come in or out that I could tell . Get the back ! We were all supposed to drink , but we only pretended to drink it . They tried to poison us . Who 's they ? She and another lady . What did the other lady look like ? Eve 8 . They were working together . It 's all right . We 'll take care of you . You 're safe with us . It looks like the Eves mixed about four ounces of digitalis in each glass . Their own mini-Jonestown . Eve 6 said they were prone to suicide . It has a sweet flavor . It 's probably not even perceptible in soda . We 're still searching the area , but so far , there 's no sign of the other suspect . We 'll have an officer take the girls back . No , uh , maybe it would be best if , uh , we take responsibility for the girls . We can get them checked out by a doctor and ... Okay , whatever . Okay . Come on , girls . We 're going to take you back . Back where ? What 's going to happen to Teena ? We 'll talk about it in the car , okay ? They 've already grown so attached . It 's going to be hard when Teena 's placed in foster care . Yeah . Agent Mulder , I have to go to the bathroom . Me , too . Can you hold it ? I really need to go . I could use some caffeine . Hi . Where 's your bathroom ? In the back . You 'll need a key . Thanks . Oh , uh , can I get four diet sodas ? - Regular . - Regular . All right , uh , two ... two diet and two regular , to go . Please . Thanks . Agent Scully , my door 's stuck . Just a second . Just a minute . It 's okay . My dad will pay for them when he gets out of the bathroom . Okay . Those are the diet ? I think these are . Are you sure ? It 's really sweet . - Try it . - I-I know it 's diet . I saw her pour it . Okay . Let 's go . Come on . Don 't forget the drinks . Ah , the drinks . How much ? Five dollars . Okay . Want to pay ? Sure . There you go . You got those ? Thanks . Mmm , tastes syrupy . Cindy , you didn 't pick up my keys off the counter , did you ? No . No ? All right . I-I 'll be right back . Scully ! What ? Scully ... Just wanted to open the car door for you . Mulder ! It 's them . They poisoned it . Let 's just get them in the car . Okay . I only had a sip . We didn 't drink enough to make us sick . Stop it ! Scully ! I got them ! Leave us alone ! I got them ! Scully ! Hey ! What the hell are you doing ? Back off . I 'm a federal agent . Yeah , and these are America 's most wanted ? Hands in front . Leave me alone ! - Now , let the girls go . - Get in the truck , girls . Get in . I 'm going to call the police . We are the police ! Mulder ! They went that way . You seen the twins we were with ? No , I ... There 's a bunch of schoolkids just left on that bus . Forget your sodas ? We didn 't do anything wrong . We 're just little girls . That 's the last thing you are . They said they have an excellent program that can help her . They can 't hide behind a bureaucracy , Mrs. Reardon . You have every right to know what happened- - you have a right to know about your daughter . All I need to know is she was not my daughter . She never was . Hello , girls . It 's so nice to have company . Sign for this . Hello , Eve 8 . We 've been waiting . How did you know I 'd come for you ? We just knew . We just knew .
