 ( plane falling ) ( explosion ) Southern Crescent to Red Crescent . We got a downed plane at camp perimeter . ( radio ) We have nothing in the sky at this time . We got something down here . We 're gonna check it out . ( radio ) Medevac One , this is Red Crescent . Southern Crescent reports a downed aircraft in their area . ( CB radio ) ( radio station ) It 's the Grand Ole Opiy on WSM Radio 650 . Brought to you by Goody 's Headache Powder . When the night 's been too long and the party 's been too hearty ... Goody 's Headache Powder straightens you right out . You have my word on that . ( interference on radio ) ( man ) It was cigar-shaped , red and green lights . Fast as hell ! ( woman ) I seen three of ' em fly over Chester County . ( man ) Six troopers were chasing ' em down 22 . ( police siren ) ( man ) I see one now ! It 's over the water tower ! ( woman ) I see it , too ! ( radio interference ) ( electrics fuse ) ( brakes screech ) ( strange throbbing sound ) ( throbbing grows louder ) ( throbbing continues ) From the trucker 's description , the shape he fired at could have been a mountain lion . Conceivably . The National Weather Service last night reported ... atmospheric conditions in this area ... possibly conducive to lightning . Possibly . ( counter clicks ) It is feasible that the truck was struck by lightning ... creating the electrical failure . It 's feasible . And you know , there 's a marsh over there . Those lights the driver saw may have been swamp gas . - Swamp gas ? - It 's a natural phenomenon . Phosphine and methane rising from decaying organic matter ignite ... creating globes of blue flame . Happens to me when I eat Dodger Dogs . How can a dozen witnesses , including a squad of police vehicles ... become hysterical over swamp gas ? I 've investigated multiple sightings . Chesapeake Bay , the Okobogee Lake , Area 51 in Nevada . None had this much supporting evidence . Anecdotal data , exhaust residue , radiation levels five times the norm . None of that evidence is conclusive . The question is , why was the truck driver singled out ? Isn 't it more plausible ... that an exhausted driver got swept up in the hysteria and fired upon hallucinations ? After all , the road can play tricks on you . Yeah , it can play tricks on you . But not like this . I started these stopwatches at the same time . I don 't know why they 're holding me . This " firing a weapon on a county road " charge is a lot 0 ' horse manure . I 'm a vet , and I know how to handle a gun . Mr Ranheim ... can you elaborate on the report you filed last night regarding your encounter ? It was round . Like a saucer . And ... green and orange lights . Last night you said it was cigar-shaped and black . I didn 't ask for this to happen . ( coughs ) All I want is to deliver my shipment of auto parts and forget ... ( coughs ) ( coughing continues ) Pardon me for asking ... but how long have you had that cough ? Why ? I 'm just concerned . You said you were a veteran . - What 's that got to do with this ? - The cough , the fever , the rash . Those are symptoms of Gulf War Syndrome . - I was never in the Gulf War . - So , how long have you not been yourself ? Since the thing last night . Mr Ranheim ? I 'm Police Chief Rivers . Please , forgive the misunderstanding . Your truck 's been squared away . You may go . - I 'd like to examine the truck . - That won 't be necessary . He had an alleged close encounter . The truck will contain evidence . - If I may ... - You 've gotten all you 're gonna get . - We won 't cooperate in your investigation . - Why ? Just ... go away . Not ... Not here . Someone got to the police chief . Ranheim was hiding something . - Ranheim was sick . - He became sick last night . Excuse me , could I use your pen ? You think Gulf War Syndrome is caused by UFOs ? UFOs are often witnessed by soldiers during wartime . Thanks . Mulder , the only UFOs that soldiers are likely to see are secret military aircraft . That 's what soldiers in Iraq said . The exhaust or fuel of a classified aircraft or its weapon . There is a base in Little Rock . You think that 's what the Air Force was flying ? They 'd deny it . But it could possibly explain how Ranheim developed the symptoms . Possibly . I 'll talk to some people when we get to Washington . The military won 't discuss classified aircraft . They 're a government watchdog group . They publish The Lone Gunman magazine . They have information on covert actions , classified weapons . Some of their ideas are downright spooky . - ( shutter clicks ) - Check it out , Mulder . - I met the guy who shot John F Kennedy . - Is that so ? Old dude now , but yeah . Says he was dressed as a cop on the grassy knoll . Mulder , listen to this . Vladimir Zhirinovsky , leader of the Russian Social Democrats ? He 's being put in power by the most evil force of the century . Barney ? - The CIA . - Hm ? Is this your sceptical partner ? She 's hot . The CIA , threatened by a loss of power since the collapse of the Cold War ... wouldn 't dream of having the old enemy back ? - You give the government too much credit . - ( phone rings ) - The government can 't control a deficit ... - Lone Gunman . What makes you think they can plan an elaborate conspiracy ? - She is hot . - Settle down , Frohike . We 're not talking about a bunch of idiots up on the hill . We 're talking about a government within a government , controlling our every move . - How can they do that ? - How ? I 'll show you how . You got a $ 20 bill ? Hmm ... I 'll check . Mm-hm . Hey ! That 's just one method . They use this magnetic strip to track you . You pass through an airport metal detector and they know exactly what you 're carrying . - It is a federal crime to deface money . - The strip is an anti-counterfeiting measure . Other countries put that strip on the outside . OK ! All right . What do you know about the Gulf War Syndrome ? - Agent Orange of the ' 90s . - Artillery shells made with depleted uranium . Have you heard of classified planes being flown during the Persian Gulf War ? Why expose a secret plane to an air force that runs to Iran whenever you take to the air ? What about UFO activity during that period ? UFOs caused Gulf War Syndrome ! That 's a good one ! Mulder , your ideas are weirder than ours ! ( polite chuckle ) Those were the most paranoid people I have ever met . How can you think that what they say is remotely plausible ? It 's remotely plausible that someone might think you 're hot . Did you see the way they answered the telephone ? They probably think every call they get is monitored and they 're followed everywhere . It 's a form of self-delusion . Makes them think that what they do is important ... What 's the matter ? ( phone rings ) - Hello ? - ( caller hangs up ) Pitchers and catchers report for spring training this week . Yeah . What are we doing here ? ! Missed your calling , did you , Mr Mulder ? Maybe this year we can catch a game at Candleton Yards . Of course , we wouldn 't be able to sit together . That 's too bad . Something tells me you 'd have the connections to get great seats . Yeah ... Any park in the country . It 's just a tourist . In our line , nothing is just what it seems . What am I on to ? We go to investigate a truck driver 's encounter with a UFO . Next thing , we discover electronic surveillance equipment . Who 's listening ? Why won 't you tell me ? What am I on to ? A dangerous path . ( radio commands in Arabic ) ( responds in Arabic ) ( frantic radio commands ) ( terrified shouts ) The truck is bogus . 80 's the truck driver , Ranheim . First , I checked his manifest . It listed a truck carrying 108 cartons of auto parts weighing 3100 pounds . I checked with three weigh stations along his route . They have it listed at 5100 pounds . There 's something in that truck , and it 's not auto parts . And , of course , nobody ever reported him . And Ranheim lied to us about being in the Gulf War . His real name is Frank Druce . And I worked hard to get this one . He was Special Operations Black Beret in Mosul , Northern Iraq . Also , he didn 't get sick from the encounter the other night . He 's been to the VA hospital for treatments three times in the past year . We had it ! We had it and we let it go . Four days ago , an Iraqi Air Force pilot shot down a UFO . The wreckage , and possibly the occupants , were recovered by the Army . Ranheim would be a perfect escort ... for the wreckage , and / or bodies , out of Iraq to a laboratory in the United States . That would explain why the truck weighed so much more than listed . The military has , in the past ... transported dangerous materials and weapons in unmarked trucks across the US . - I sound like the The Lone Gunman guys . - Where did you get this information ? Let 's just say it 's a source with a deep background . I want to know all about him . All I know is , he 's guided us away from harm . How do you know that ? We work for the FBI and we 're being bugged . What does that tell you ? That tells me that not everything is as it appears to be . Exactly ! And for all we know , this deep background is responsible for the bug . He 's never lied to me . I won 't break that confidence . I trust him . Mulder , you 're the only one I trust . Then you 're gonna have to trust me . Did you find out where the truck is now ? Generally . It 's heading west . Towards Colorado . We 'll try to intercept it and see what 's on board . I 'll pick up a few things . I 'll meet you at your place in an hour . OK ? ( keys in lock ) I cut the main breaker . ( sigh of relief ) - You risk exposure coming here . - What I have here is too important . This photograph was taken by an officer at Fort Benning , Georgia . Seventeen UFOs were spotted in one hour . Is that where the Iraqi wreckage is being held ? Are UFOs monitoring the area ? Nice place you have here . Wait . Wait ... I-I ... just want to ... take this opportunity to thank you . You 've helped my work so much , and you 've never asked for anything in return . I know you 've put yourself at great risk to do so . ( tears open envelope ) This is the best photographic evidence I have ever seen . When I saw the Gulf Breeze photos , I knew they were a hoax . But this is the quality of evidence the government has amassed ... at the highest classified levels . The truck was a decoy to keep anyone looking closely ... away from Fort Benning , where the Iraqi UFO is . - We 've got to leave for Georgia immediately . - This photo is a fake . What ? Look . This soldier 's shadow is allegedly created by the lights from the UFO . But it falls in a direction contradictory to the craft 's position . There could be an off-camera light source creating that shadow . Look closely at the colour of the light reflected in the windshield . It should be from the red lights of the UFO , but it doesn 't match the colour . There could be a tint in the windshield , or it could be due to atmospheric conditions . - Mulder , we should have it analysed . - You 're determined not to believe him ! You 're too determined to believe him ! I am determined to follow a lead ... that may prove the existence of extraterrestrial biological entities . - Listen ... - No ! Will you just hear me ? ! I have never met anyone so passionate and dedicated to a belief as you . It 's so intense that sometimes it 's blinding . But there are others who are watching you , who know what I know , and ... whereas I can respect and admire your passion , they will use it against you . Mulder , the truth is out there . But so are lies . Thank you . ( door ) I had the photo analysed by the Bureau 's computers . It appears to be legitimate . The photo-grain matches the pattern and density ... the colour level , shading ... Then I noticed this . It 's the moon , half full . I had the reflection in this window enlarged by 25 . There 's the moon again . A quarter full . The window couldn 't catch the moon 's reflection from that angle . You were right , Scully . It 's a fake . He tried to deceive us . Now we 're alone on this . There 's no one we can trust . They went to a lot of trouble to put us on the wrong track . There 's something here that no one 's supposed to find . ( approaching footsteps ) Why didn 't you leave for Fort Benning ? The photograph was a fake . At least you 're not insulting me further by feigning appalled surprise . On the contrary , I think a compliment is in order . That photo was prepared by the best . - I thought you were my ally . - I am . Imagine if Eisenhower told the Allies that D-day would happen in Belgium . Mr Mulder , I place my life in greatjeopardy every time we speak ! I 've been a participant in some of the most insidious lies ... and witness to deeds that no crazed man could imagine . I 've spent years watching you from my , uh ... lofty position ... to know that you were the one I could trust . - Then why did you lie to me ? - I needed to divert you . You and Scully are excellent investigators , and your motives are just . However , there still exist some secrets which should remain secret . Truths that people are just not ready to know . Who are you to decide that for me ? The world 's reaction to such knowledge would be far too dangerous . Dangerous ? You mean , in the sense of outrage ? Like the reaction to the Kennedy assassination , or MIAs ... or radiation experiments on terminal patients . Watergate ... Iran Contra , Roswell , the Tuskegee experiments ... Where will it end ? ! I guess it won 't end , as long as men like you decide what is truth . That transcript you gave me of the Iraqi file - that was the truth , wasn 't it ? Why did you even bother to show it to me ? Well , I was aware that you were on to the truck . So I knew that down the road I would have to steer you away ... that I would have to lie to you . And a lie , Mr Mulder , is most convincingly hidden between two truths . Mulder ! If the shark stops swimming , it will die . Don 't stop swimming . I 'm not responsible for the electronic surveillance ... but I do know they can still hear you . ( Scully ) Mulder ! Are you home ? Scully . Hey , I 'm glad you dropped by . I 've been thinking about this whole situation . I think you 're right . I think they won this one and we should just move on . I think this time you 're right , Mulder . All right , stick with him . Hey ! Here you are . A round trip to Chicago . Here 's your credit card . And the plane departs at Gate 35 . I 'd also like a one-way ticket to Los Angeles , with a stop in Las Vegas . And for that I 'll be paying cash . ( tyres screech ) ( car horn ) ( horns blare ) ( car horn ) ( tyres screech ) I called every weigh station and Bureau office west of Colorado . I tied up an air phone for three hours . I don 't speak Japanese ... but I think a man told me to stick some sushi where the sun don 't shine ! My ear 's numb from being on hold for hours . At least we can be sure they didn 't trace our call . I couldn 't find the truck . Did you have any luck ? Yup . It 's heading northwest on I-90 . We have to get a couple of tickets to Seattle . Think about it . This truck drove across America . People have passed it on the road . Probably thought it was hauling auto parts or furniture , livestock , whatever ... Nobody would have suspected it was hauling a craft from another world . Here we go . Mulder , we 've been following this truck for hours . Mm . Maybe he knows we 're following him and he 's taking an evasive route . If that were the case ... ( radio interference ) ( brakes screech ) - Are you all right ? - Yeah . ( Scully ) Ranheim ! Ranheim ? ! Scully ! ( Scully ) Oh , my God ! It was an extraterrestrial biological entity - alive . Where did it go ? I think we were just witness to a rescue mission . God , Mulder , I can 't stop shaking . Whatjust happened - does it fit the profile ? You 're asking me if it was real ? Did we just have a close encounter ? No . It was another hoax . But how could anyone generate such force ? Whatever they used , we probably haven 't heard of it . Sound weapons ... Stealth helicopter with an ultra-high intensity light ... There 's no evidence that this was a UFO . So they created this elaborate show just to deflect us again . Wouldn 't it have been easier for them just ... Just to kill us . Yeah , I 've wondered that myself . But maybe they 're using me against myself , like you said before . That I want so badly to believe that I accept the obvious conclusions and walk away . Now we have nothing to go on . No one to turn to . There 's still one player in all this who hasn 't lied to us . But it 's not quite someone we can turn to . ( Mulder ) Leverlay and Priest Rapids ? East bank of the Columbia River . Did you send out a field investigator ? And you can substantiate the sighting ? OK , Nick , thanks a lot . I 've contacted several organisations that have hotlines for UFO reports . The Center for UFO Studies in Chicago ... MUFON , NICAP . None of them have ever reported a week of such activity . The sightings follow the path of the truck . And after last night 's hoax ... Look at this . Seven sightings in Mattawa , Washington . - That 's 100 miles away . - Aliens ? Looks like they want their colleague back . We 've driven full circle through Mattawa twice . There 's nothing here . ( lively chatter and music ) What 's over there ? ( man speaks in strange language ) That 's an intergalactic space greeting . - It means " Hello , space brothers . " - ( Mulder ) Good . - What 's going on here ? - A UFO party . - You 've seen UFOs ? - Last two nights . They 're drawn to electricity . They hover over the power plant down there . This is it . There 's Ranheim . This place has got to have the highest level of security . It 's just the kind of challenge they 're looking for . Who ? ( dials number on phone ) ( phone rings ) - Lone Gunman . - It 's Mulder . Turn the tape recorder off . - OK . It 's off . - Turn it off ! It 's off already ! How would you like to have ... the first substantiated photo of an extraterrestrial biological entity ? No way ! An EBE ? ! What do we have to do ? Hack me some identification numbers . Braidwood and Stefoff . Personal ID number ? 7-5-9-3 . 5-3-1-1 . Open the trunk , please . Park in lot 4 . Thanks . Hey , wait ! Display these at all times . Proceed . Langly said he couldn 't gain access to Level 6 , so that 's ... - We have to go back to get through that door . - We 'll look suspicious . - We have to find another access , then . - Mulder , they 're not gonna let us ! - Could you folks come with me , please ? - We 're lost ... - Just proceed down the hallway . - If you ... Mulder . Stop . We 're agents for the FBI . I 'm reaching for my ID . - We 're conducting an investigation . - Proceed down the hallway , please . This is Level 2 to Level 6 . I have a male and a female who 've identified ... Hey ! Stop ! Hold it ! He took the stairs ! Go ! Go ! Arghll Move ! Move ! Hold it ! I said , hold it ! - Whoa ! - ( guns click ) Let him go . Let him go ! You 've done well . You 're dismissed . I know how badly ... how ... very badly you want to look through that window . But it would be pointless . It 's dead . After the Roswell incident in 1947 ... even at the brink of the Cold War ... there was an ultra-secret conference , attended by the US ... the Soviet Union , the People 's Republic of China , Britain ... both Germanys , France ... And it was agreed that ... should any extraterrestrial biological entities survive a crash ... the country that held that being would be responsible for its extermination . I , um ... have the distinction of being one of three men to have exterminated such a creature . I was with the CIA in Vietnam . A UFO was sighted for five nights over Hanoi . The Marines shot it down and brought it to us . Maybe ... it didn 't know what a gun was . Or perhaps they don 't show emotion . But that ... innocent and blank expression as I pulled the trigger ... has haunted me . Until I found you . That 's why I come to you , Mr Mulder ... and will continue to come to you ... to atone for what I 've done . And maybe sometime ... through you , the truth will be known . You 're awfully quiet , Mr Mulder . I 'm wondering which lie to believe . ( chuckles ) Visiontext Subtitles : Stephanie Donohue ( child ) I made this !
