 Hey , Ed . You okay ? It 's blood . It 's only a paper cut . Um , listen , Ed , I need to talk to you . Ed , uh ... this is never easy . Everybody down here sure likes you a lot , Funsch . And I know it 's tough 'cause you 're new to this area . Ed , I 'm sorry , but I 'm going to have to let you go . I mean , your work is first-rate , and like I said , you 're a good guy . But you know the story- - cutbacks and seniority , and you 're low man on the pole . Could I work part-time ? Guys took up a collection today . It 's a hundred bucks . Look , why don 't you stay on till the end of the week . Excuse me . Hey , Ralph , how you doing ? All right . Thanks for coming on such short notice . I realize the FBI 's Behavioral Science Unit normally profiles murder suspects that are still at large , and it must be odd being asked to profile our suspects , all of whom are dead . I am relieved the Bureau answered our request and sent you . Because in all honesty , Agent Mulder , whatever 's going on here is way over our heads . The suspect 's body is out on the sidewalk . We 're holding the security guard who shot him . The witnesses that were in the elevator are down at the hospital . You can talk to them whenever you 're ready . I 've asked all the businesses in the building to close for the day . We 've done our best to preserve the area for you . We 've thoroughly photographed the scene . The area has been sketched , but we haven 't dusted for prints , yet . We wanted to wait for you before we collected further evidence . Was this damaged during the incident ? I 'll find out . May I see the suspect ? Things like this aren 't supposed to happen here . A 42-year-old real estate agent murders four strangers with his bare hands ? That 's not supposed to happen anywhere . Since Colonial times , there 's only been three murders in this area . In the last six months , seven people have killed 22 . Per capita , that 's higher than the combined homicide rate of Detroit , D.C. and Los Angeles . This town is not any of those places . In Franklin , you 'll never have to pull off the road to make way for a celebrity driving with a gun to his head . In each incident , the suspect was killed ? Suicide by cop . Each incident occurred in a public place . The suspect went crazy and refused to desist when ordered . Officers used deadly force in order to save lives . Were autopsies conducted on the suspects for substance abuse ? Agent Mulder , this town is mainly made up of apple and cherry growers . These folks don 't drink much . They certainly don 't do drugs . Coroner 's tests were negative . This is dispatch . Can you provide additional backup for unit 42 ? Played softball with this guy over Labor Day . He was one of those nice guys- - couldn 't play and didn 't bitch about being stuck in right field . What 's wrong with right field ? Always the first one to shake hands at the end of the game . Didn 't matter whether he won or lost . Got to have an arm to play right field . Bought a round of beers afterwards , even though he didn 't drink . I played right field . Let 's have this analyzed by the Bureau 's lab . What the hell could bring anyone to do this ? Unit 12 , unit 12 , please keep me advised . Just have to wait for the man to finish , okay ? Mommy . Baby , you 're bleeding . Come on , tilt your head back . I told you to leave it alone . Okay ? Now , don 't touch it or it 'll bleed again . Tilt your head back . Good girl . Hey ! Hey ! What the hell 's wrong with you ? ! Perpetrators of mass murders are divided into two classifications : the spree killer and the serial . The sudden violent outburst in a public locale and the suspect 's disregard for anonymity or survival define the Franklin incidents as spree killings . The confounding element of these profiles is that , given their backgrounds , the perpetrators would be statistically more likely the victims of violent crimes rather than the originators . The killers were all middle-income , responsible people . None with a history of violence . Relatives and friends reported only minor displays of dysfunctional behavior- - sleep disorders , headaches , eating difficulties- - but witnesses did report the last suspect displayed a claustrophobic reaction . I 'm convinced an outside factor is responsible , but I must concede frustration as to a determination of the cause . A residue discovered on the fingers of the most recent perpetrator was analyzed and reported to be an undefined but nontoxic organic chemical found on plants , perhaps remaining from gardening . There have been reported abductee paranoia in UFO mass abduction cases . I was wondering when you 'd get to that . I find no evidence of this to be the case . The single connecting trace evidence to the killings is the destruction of an electronic device at the crime scene . A pager , a fax machine , a cellular phone , a gas pump digital display . In all honesty , Scully , I 've never had a more difficult time developing a profile . There is no way to know who will be a killer or who will be killed . Hello ? Hello ? You 're late . I 'm sorry . I called earlier . A deadline came up at work . If it 's ready , I 'll just pay you and be out of here . How did you manage to break that anyhow ? Oh , it 's a long story . Did you fix it ? It 's fixed . What do I owe you ? I 'll tell you . In fixing that , I found some other problems . Serious problems , Mrs. McRoberts . Come back here . I 'll show you . I 'm sorry . My husband 's waiting for me . - I have to go . - Okay . But you ain 't gonna go very far unless you get this fixed . Come here . This is a diagnostic test of your engine . You 're supposed to have an output of 168 horses at 6,200 RPMs . You 're nowhere near that . Come over here . Next to me . I want you to take a look at this . Well , first of all , leaking oil like crazy . Your throw rods are chattering , valves need adjustment . Over here , you got a couple engine mounts that should be replaced . If you don 't believe me , take a look here . Agent Mulder ? Larry Winter , county supervisor . Uh , pardon my rubber . Can you tell me if this murder is more of the same ? They don 't seem to be connected . Well , should I be relieved or more scared ? I mean , is this the start of copycat killers ? Larry , it 's not a copy of the other homicides . This wasn 't committed in a public area . The suspect fled , covering his tracks . The killer appears not to have had a premeditated weapon . They are connected . Mrs. McRoberts ? Yes ? This is Sheriff Spencer . I 'm Agent Fox Mulder with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . May we come in ? I 'm late for work . You can blame me . Been having some car trouble ? That 's my husband 's department . May I speak with him ? He just took the car to Pittsburgh for a business meeting . Is it okay if I have my breakfast ? It 's the day 's most important meal . Um , this invoice- - it was , uh , signed by you . Did you pick up the car last night ? Yes . Can you describe to me exactly how the dashboard readout was damaged ? Mrs. McRoberts ? I did it . I broke it . Why ? Mrs. McRoberts ? Did you see something in the readout ? Mrs. McRoberts ? I can help . Mrs. McRoberts ? - Stop ! - No ! Several anomalies were discovered during postmortem analysis that were undetected in previous autopsies . Levels of adrenaline are known to be high in cases of violent death- - twice as much as in victims of natural death . This subject 's levels were 200 times normal . The adrenal gland displayed extensive adrenal hemorrhage , yet not from disease , but rather from wear . Other physiological evidence present indicated episodes of intense phobia . Analysis of the vitreous humor extracted from the eyeball indicated the presence of high concentration of an undetermined chemical compound . This compound , at its base , is similar to the substance analyzed earlier on a perpetrator 's finger . Although further qualitative analysis must be performed , it is my opinion that this chemical , when reacting with adrenaline and other compounds secreted during phobic episodes , creates a substance similar to lysergic acid diethylamide : LSD . Pardon me . I 'd like to apply for a job . Sorry , they 're not accepting applications at this time . Attention , shoppers , we have a special on exterior paint today in our home improvement department . Take advantage of the special on exterior paint today in our home improvement department . Sir , may we ask you to sign up for the blood drive ? Sir ? Are you all right ? Sir ? Hmm . In our April edition of The Lone Gunmen , we ran an article on the CIA 's new CCDTH-2138 fiber-optic lens micro video camera . Small enough to be placed on the back of a fly . Imagine being one of those flies on the wall of the Oval Office . Been there , done that . That is a Eurasian cluster fly . They infest vegetation like apples or cherries and can inflict a great deal of damage to crops . This one 's probably been irradiated to control propagation . Or agents of competing South American agricultural corporations , posing as Franklin city employees , are releasing fertile flies to destroy the crop . Nope . This bug 's been nuked . It was a fine effort , though . Have you ever come across this chemical compound ? LSDM . Obviously , you haven 't read our August edition of TLG . Oh , I 'm sorry , boys . It arrived the same day as my subscription to Celebrity Skin . Come over here . Where is that ? So , Mulder , where 's your little partner ? She wouldn 't come . She 's afraid of her love for you . She 's tasty . You know , Frohike , it 's men like you that give perversion a bad name . Here ... toxic pesticides . The chemical you have in that report is called lysergic dimethrin . It 's an unreleased experimental synthetic botanical insecticide . It attempts to act as a natural pheromone . LSDM is sprayed on the plant , which invokes a fear response in the pest . You know , " Get out of here , there 's danger . " The insect reacts and leaves the plant . Why won 't they release it ? Is it possible it affects humans in the same way ? Possible ? Let me show you something . This is actual newsreel footage taken in the ' 50s . They 're spraying DDT- - a chemical the government did release and determined to be safe . 30 years later , they found out that women exposed to it had higher rates of breast cancer . They convinced local officials it was even safe to spray on children . Took a decade of bureaucratic and industry heel-dragging before it was banned . Different chemicals , same stunts . They just learned how not to be so obvious . Hey , Frohike , can I borrow those ? If I can have Scully 's phone number . Stealth helicopters ? Experimental pesticides responsible for violent behavior ? I saw the chopper from two different locations . Look at my skin . Feel my hair . The insecticide is still on me . I checked up on you . You have a penchant for ... spooky evidence . Don 't start with that tired crap . Don 't start diverting blame . - Hang on a second here ... - Look , if you 're the one who 's responsible for the illegal spraying , then the sooner you take responsibility , the sooner people will stop dying . The killers all resided near heavily sprayed areas . You don 't live here , Mulder . I live here . I have my heart in this town . I have three children . I 'm not going to dump poison on them . Yeah , well , if it 's so safe , why was it done in secret ? What kind of a crusade are you on ? Answer the question ! Are we spraying ? This county lives on money generated from its crops . The irradiated flies were not effective . The delays to get approval to spray would have caused millions in crop damage . Look at the hell they raised in California over malathion . Meanwhile , people 's lives were being ruined by a ... a damn bug . Ruined ? 23 people are dead . There is no proof whatsoever the spray caused violent behavior . It was proven to me to be safe . By who ? Who proved it to you ? I 'm sorry , Mulder , he 's right . I 'd love to tell you that I flew 300 miles in the middle of the night to perform tests that proved that you 're about to become the next Charles Manson , but I find little physiological evidence that states that LSDM has toxically affected you , even after massive ingestion . Scully , your own autopsy reported the killer had chemical anomalies . Yes , but you are proof that it wasn 't from exposure to LSDM . May I see that chart , Agent Scully ? Sure . Look here . These are normal which were perhaps subjected to repeated LSDM spray ... Scully , are you familiar with subliminal messages ? You mean like ... sex in ice cubes of liquor ads ? That 's paranoia . No , it 's a fact that some department stores use subliminal messages in their ambient music to deter shoplifting . And the Russians have been using advanced electroencephalographic techniques to control behavior . And how is this connected with the spraying ? Electronic devices were destroyed by every perpetrator . I 'm still waiting . The insecticide LSDM is known to invoke a fear response in cluster flies . What if the chemical causes the same reaction in humans ? All the perpetrators were phobic . Taber was claustrophobic . McRoberts 's husband stated she had a paranoia about rape . The insecticide heightened their already existent phobia to an unbearable level . Then the electronic devices relayed messages that told them specifically what to do with their fear in order to alleviate it . The messages were relayed purposely . By who ? He 's probably one of those people that thinks Elvis is dead . Mulder , I was wrong . Exposure to the insecticide does induce paranoia . I think this area is being subjected to a controlled experiment . Controlled by who ? By the government ? By a corporation ? By Reticulans ? They 've done it before . DDT in the ' 50s , Agent Orange , germ warfare on unsuspecting neighborhoods . Yes , but why , Mulder ? Why would they intentionally create a populace that destroys itself ? Fear . It 's the oldest tool of power . If you 're distracted by fear of those around you , it keeps you from seeing the actions of those above . I just had a talk with Mr. Winter . I 've persuaded him to a compromise . He 's agreed to stop the spraying immediately and to blood testing extensively of people exposed to the spray area . But ? But ... the official explanation for the testing cannot be linked to the side effects of LSDM . Franklin and Venango Counties are participating in an important nationwide study on cholesterol . Volunteers will be coming to your door . Or you may report at your convenience to Franklin Community General . The procedure is very simple and painless . Just a little prick on the fingertip and your participation is complete , and appreciated . So , remember , cholesterol screening can save your life . So , when those volunteers come to your door , answer readily , or you may report at your convenience to Franklin Community General . I need test results on the blood samples , and double check . Are you sure ? Uh-huh . Last area just reported in . Okay . These are the sectors that have tested negative . This is a list of people , for one reason or another , haven 't checked out . There 's about 25 . Only seven more to go . This is odd . Frustrated Jehovah 's Witness ? Door 's unlocked . Here it is . Edward Funsch , age 52 . No diploma , no vehicle or driver 's license . Navy radio man . Wife died ten years ago , no kids . No known family . Just been laid off . Medical history ? Nothing . And he hasn 't seen a doctor in decades . When was the blood tester here ? About 10 : 30 this morning . 10 : 30 ? The blood test . I know what he 's afraid of . And I know where he 's going . Hey , wait ! Stop ! Stop ! Stop ! Hey ! All right , all right ! Hold on a second . Thank you . Pardon me . Wait for the next stop . Please ! I 'm on the wrong bus ! Wait for the next stop . Open the door ! Open the door ! Open the door , damn it ! Ralph , I want you to take Lou and post up . Down there , far end . Uh , C-1 , this is Xray-4 . Negative on that north-south line . I copy that . If he 's on it , it 's gonna be this line . Here it comes . Get the uniforms out of sight . Have you seen this man ? Yeah , I picked him up . Drove four feet , and then he went ape-wire . Where 'd you let him out ? Near the college . We 'll have to wait him out . I don 't think he 's waiting . Scully , anything ? Nothing . Get down ! Get down ! Get down ! Everybody down ! Get down ! Get down ! Get down ! Get down ! I 've seen that , hoss . I 've seen that , and I don 't want to see that again , baby . All units , forthwith , Franklin College . Shots fired . Send emergency vehicles . Put it down ! Put it down ! Don 't kill me . Then put it down , Ed . I can 't . They won 't let me . I know they won 't , Ed . I know they won 't let you . Then you make me put it down , then . You do it . If you don 't put it down , I 'm going to have to shoot you . Or you 're going to have to shoot me . There 's going to be blood , everywhere . Don 't kill me . It 's all right . Got it . Coming through . Agent Scully will examine him at the hospital . You can call her there . I want unrestricted access to him for questioning . Mulder , you know more about what happened to him than he does . Scully . Hello ? Mulder , is that you ? Mulder , where are you ? Mulder ? Mulder , where are you ? I made this !
