 I 'm here in Pasadena with the NASA Mission Control team as they celebrate scientific history ... the first close-up photographic transmissions of Mars from the Viking observer spacecraft ... photos that have created something of a stir by revealing surprising geologic information ... the presence of large amounts of water locked in Mars ' polar ice caps , water that some speculate could have possibly sustained life on the planet . Even more controversial is one image of a land formation ... a formation that looks like a sculpted human face . However , NASA officials are denying it as an indication of an alien civilization . No , it 's nothing more than a trick of light and shadows ... a geologic anomaly . I 'm afraid the only sculptors at work are the solar winds that blow across the surface of Mars at 300 miles an hour , ten months a year . I 'm seeing ... I 've got ... How 's it going out there ? There 's something out here ! Can you repeat that , Commander Belt ? It 's coming at me ! Holy God ! Pick up terminal sequence , NPS . You have a go to proceed . Booster hydraulic power units have started . This is Shuttle Launch Control with T-minus one minute , 15 seconds and counting . OTC to CDR , how do you read ? Loud and clear , OVCC . - Go ahead . - Roger that . OVCC verified . Port set up , two zero . Copy set up , two zero . CDR Houston , how do you read ? Loud and clear . Side hatch close out and white room configuration is complete . Retracting orbiter arm . OMS pressure on . - Cabin vent complete . - Roger , we see that . All systems go for APU start . Transfer to internal power now . Pre-start complete . APU to inhibit . Oxygen vent hood retracted . External tank is at flight pressure . Lock your visors and initiate your O2 flow . Y 'all have a good trip . Roger that . T-minus 20 seconds and counting . Go for auto-sequence start . Booster hydraulic power units have started . Go for main engine start . T-minus ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three ... Abort liftoff . Abort liftoff . System failure . Abort liftoff . Repeat : we have an abort liftoff at T-minus three seconds . What did the note say ? Just that they worked for NASA . They wanted to talk to somebody from the FBI . Why the cloak-and-dagger routine ? I have no idea . Think it 's a crank ? It 's beginning to look that way . My name is Michelle Generoo . Fox Mulder . I sent you the note . Hi . Special Agent Dana Scully . I 'm sorry to have to take these precautions . I flew up from Houston this morning . I work at the space center there . In what capacity ? I 'm the Mission Control communications commander for the space shuttle program . What brings you to Washington ? I have reason to believe that there may be a saboteur at work inside NASA . You have evidence of sabotage ? I don 't know . I may . Two weeks ago a shuttle mission was scrubbed three seconds before liftoff when an auxiliary power unit valve malfunctioned . If the flight had not been aborted , there was a great chance the liquid fuel system and the orbiter would have exploded on the launchpad . This was sent to me in the mail . It 's a material analysis that shows deep-grooved scoring marks inside this APU valve ... marks that could have caused a malfunction . Evidence of tampering ? That 's what it looks like , but ... according to the person who gave me your names , you have expertise in unexplained phenomena . And what 's unexplainable is how and when anybody could have done it . How do you mean ? The valve is made of ferrocarbon titanium . To score that material would take extreme temperatures ... launchpad temperatures . If anyone at NASA were to take a look at that analysis , they would say that it would be impossible for anyone to do that type of damage undetected . Do you have any idea who may have sent that to you ? No , no idea , but I can tell you that the official analysis of the malfunction was simple mechanical failure . Does anybody share your suspicions ? If they do , they 're not talking to the FBI . I believe in the space program , I believe in the people who run it , but there 's another launch window tomorrow . And my reasons may sound selfish , but my fiancé is a shuttle commander on that mission . Why would somebody want to sabotage the space shuttle ? Well , if you were a terrorist , there probably isn 't a more potent symbol of American progress and prosperity , and if you 're an opponent of Big Science , NASA itself represents a vast money trench that exists outside the crucible and debate of the democratic process . And , of course , there are those futurists who believe the space shuttle is a rusty old bucket that should be mothballed , a dinosaur spacecraft built in the ' 70s by scientists setting their sights on space in an ever-declining scale . And we thought we could rest easy with the fall of the Soviet Union . Not to mention certain fringe elements who accuse our government itself of space sabotage ... the failure of the Hubble Telescope and the Mars Observer are directly connected to a conspiracy to deny us evidence . Evidence of what ? Alien civilizations . Oh , of course . Wow , look at that ... Gemini Eight . What ? The man we 're going to see ... Colonel Marcus Aurelius Belt ... nearly died on that mission , had to make an emergency landing right in the middle of the Pacific Ocean . You remember all that stuff ? You never wanted to be an astronaut when you were a kid , Scully ? Guess I missed that phase . Come in . Colonel Belt . I 'm Special Agent Dana Scully . And this is ... Colonel Belt . Fox Mulder . I 'm a big fan . It 's an honor to meet you . You , you were a big hero to me - when I was a kid . - Thank you . I-I stayed up all night when I was 14 to watch your spacewalk . Well , now it 's like a stroll around the block . So ... how can I help you ? This found its way to the FBI . Do you recognize it ? Sure . It 's an auxiliary power unit valve . Do you have any reason to believe that the damage done to it was in an effort to sabotage the space shuttle program ? No . Do you have any reason to suspect sabotage at all ? No reason whatsoever . And if you have any respect for this program and for the people who have devoted their lives to it , you 'll be careful to whom you make those accusations . Looking at this evidence , sir , would you consider postponing the shuttle flight until a full investigation could be conducted ? Look , I don 't know where you got this specious artifact , but I can assure you every precaution has been taken to rectify the problem . We 've been waiting two weeks for a window to initiate this mission . We 've got a payload to deliver . Colonel Belt , has an internal investigation ever been done on this matter ? The part you have here has been installed , inspected , and designed by over 100 highly trained technicians . With the security measures we take , it would be virtually impossible for one man working by himself ... or two or four men ... to do what you 're suggesting . I can assure you there isn 't a person in this facility that doesn 't want to see that shuttle go into space , complete its mission , and come back like winged victory herself . And in about ten hours , God willing , you 're going to see just that . Do you think there 'd be a problem with us watching the liftoff from Mission Control ? Well , being that you 'd probably go over my head anyway , please be my guest . It was an honor , sir . Thank you . Didn 't you want to get his autograph ? Where did you say you got this ? It came to us anonymously . Well , this is an APU valve , all right . This doesn 't make sense . What doesn 't make sense ? This scoring here . This valve is made out of ferrocarbon titanium . It 's ... You didn 't order the analysis ? No , I 've never seen this before , but we 're on outside contract to NASA . - They may have ordered it . - But as a matter of course , wouldn 't you order a material analysis if a part malfunctioned ? Every shuttle has flown with that same APU valve . We haven 't had a problem . To do an analysis and redesign would delay the program for months , not to mention the cost . Is it conceivable that , in order to avoid these delays , the program is being pushed ahead without proper safety precaution ? Look , there are about 17,000 things that can go wrong with the shuttle and about 17,000 people who make sure they don 't . And who makes the final determination as to its safety ? We make a recommendation , but ultimately the decision is Colonel Belt 's . - Thank you . - Thank you . What do you think ? I can 't believe how much faith we put in machines . You think Colonel Belt knows more than he 's saying ? That he lied about his knowledge of a saboteur ? I can 't believe that Colonel Belt would endanger the lives of those astronauts , knowing that something might go wrong . He was an astronaut himself . So you think this X ray is bogus ? God , I hope so . This is Shuttle Launch Control with T-minus one minute , 40 seconds and counting . TC is go for orbiter access arm retract . OTC , OVCC verified . Roger that . OVCC verified . Here we go . This is Shuttle Launch Control with T-minus one minute 30 and counting . Final purge sequence ; main engine check . Copy purge sequence ; main engine check . Switching off orbiter 's ground supply . Port fuel cells , check . Roger , OTC . Pick up terminal sequence MPS . Copy that . - OTC to CDR , how do you read ? - Loud and clear . Charge capacitor energy storage banks are all at 241 . OTC to CDR , how do you read ? Loud and clear . CDR Houston , how do you read ? Loud and clear . Side hatch closeout , and white room configuration complete . Retracting orbiter arm . All systems go for APU start . Go with APU start . BBSR power down and ready for launch . Transfer to internal power . Transfer to internal power . Gimbaling of main engines complete . Aero surfaces in launch position . MPDR assembled ; military recorder is running . Okay . Copy . Oxygen vent hood retracted . External tank is at flight pressure . Okay , CDR , lock your visors and initiate your O2 flow . Y 'all have a good one . Roger that . Go for auto-sequence start . Booster hydraulic units have started . Go for main engine start . T-minus ten and counting ... nine ... eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one , zero . Ignition . We have liftoff of the shuttle orbiter . CDR Houston , bet y 'all have never seen a more beautiful sight . Roger that . 10-4 . Roger , Max Q. Lower throttle back . Main engine at 65 % . Go at throttle up . Roger . Throttle at 110 % . Over SRB separation . Roger , OTC . I have to admit that fulfilled one of my boyhood fantasies . Yeah , it ranks right up there with getting a pony and learning how to braid my own hair . Come on , Scully , you have to admit that was exciting ... Mission Control , countdown ... Mulder ! Wait ! - Something 's gone wrong . - What happened ? Something 's wrong with the shuttle . We had some trouble with the solid rocket boosters , but we were able to fix it . We changed watch , I went home to try to get some sleep . I got a phone call 20 minutes ago . Communication with the shuttle had gone down . Come on , we 've got to get back to Houston . They have a press blackout in effect ... chances are the media doesn 't know about it . You think this is sabotage ? I don 't know . Things go wrong all the time . Yeah , but they usually fix them , right ? Usually . She 's turning . Michelle ! I can see her . Michelle ! - Help ! - You all right ? I 'm stuck ! Can you move ? Just get me out of here ! I 'm wedged in . You all right ? I 'm wedged in . Come here . Can you push with your legs ? Be careful . Just get me out of here ! I can 't ... Okay , all right . Come on ... okay ... Come on . Okay . It 's okay . Okay ... Let 's do it . Now , don 't try to move . Oh , I got to get back to Houston . - What happened ? - I don 't know . Something came at me in the fog and next thing I knew , I was upside down . Was it some kind of an animal ? No , it ... it had a face . It was ... it was grotesque . I don 't know what it was . You okay ? Yeah . That 's right , sir . The charge capacitor energy storage unit ... Orbiter , this is Houston . Do you copy ? Your transmission is breaking up , Houston . What 's happening ? We have a malf in the OMS and RCF systems . They can 't get the orbiter into attitude rotation . Temperature in the cabin is approaching 103 degrees , and they have downlink transmission problems . What happened to you ? I had an accident . What 's their position ? Just over eastern Africa . Try patching them into the Seychelles tracking station . All right . Hang in there , OTC . The orbiter maneuvering system is malfunctioning . Without it , they can 't rotate the shuttle . They need to rotate it away from the sun , to keep the orbiter cool . We 've got a drop in cabin pressure ... 21 kilopascals and declining . They 're going to burn up . - Where 's Colonel Belt ? - He 's on his way . Damn it ! What happened when they went to backup ? Backup system failed to respond . I don 't know ... what about telemetry ? Can we auto-activate their systems from down here ? We cannot auto-activate . It 's like someone 's interfering with the telemetry , screwing with the uplink communications from this end . Can you trace it ? It 'd have to be a digital processor . They 'd have to be in the data banks . - Where 's that ? - Come on . Mulder ? I 'm a Federal agent . Come on out of there . What are you doing in here ? I work here . Let me see your clearance . A sensor went off ... there was a malfunction in one of the telemetry processors . Did you find it ? No . Did you see anybody else in here ? Okay . Call security . I want a search of the premises . I don 't want anybody coming in or out of this building who doesn 't have proper clearance . I 'm breaking up , OTC . What 's the attitude of the orbiter ? They 're flying tail first , sir with their belly towards the sun . The flash evaporator system is working but it 's not enough to cool them down . Cabin temperature climbing to 116 . Where 's ... ? Somebody 's jamming our transmissions . What do you mean ? Somebody or something is interfering with our ground communications and scrambling our uplink telemetry . The shuttle is not responding to override signals . I 'm going to let them fly by wire . I 'm cutting off telemetry . It might not work . We might lose contact for good . We have to give it a chance to work . We have to try to bring them down . We have to give them control of the ship , take a chance they 'll be able to perform that rotation maneuver and deliver the payload . What if they can 't ? We could be stranding them up there . Abandon telemetry . Go to fly by wire mode . They 're cutting off ground control to the orbiter . The astronauts will be flying the shuttle all by themselves . Is it going to work ? OTC , this is Houston . How 's the weather up there ? Sunny and warm , Houston . What 's the forecast ? OTC , we 're going to fly by wire mode . We 're going to abort ground control momentarily , to see if you can bring those systems back up . Roger that , Houston . And leave the driving to us . David ... you take care . What just happened ? They cut off contact with the shuttle . Negative . We pulled off the MPG ; we are manual ... 45 seconds . If they were able to execute , they 'd have done it by now . Standing by . 60 seconds . Go to reestablish uplink communication . Video signal 's failed now . OTC , this is Houston . Do you copy ? OTC , this is Houston . Where are you ? Howdy-do , Houston . Looks like we finally got this bird to fly right . OTC , do you hear that ? Music to our ears . Cabin temperature stabilizing . OTC , this is Mark Belt in Houston . How 's the crew holding up ? They 're looking good , sir . And you all get some rest . We 'll get back to work at about 0700 . Roger that , Houston . Let 's get to work on that telemetry problem . We got a big day ahead of us . Let 's just let the electronic press get their sound equipment set . Are we set up in here ? Do you want to test this mike ? I know you have a lot of questions , and I 'll get to them . How did he know what he did was going to work ? He didn 't . They could 've died up there , and there would 've been nothing we could 've done . They 'd have been a ghost ship , stuck in orbit . They on schedule ? Why would he take that risk ? Bring those men back without delivering that payload ? You 're talking millions of wasted dollars . That 's all Congress would need to shut down NASA . As of 2200 hours , the crew has been conducting on board tests and tasks and resting up for their first full day in space tomorrow . I 'm happy to say , after a beautiful night launch , the shuttle orbiter has performed magnificently . So much for your boyhood hero . Colonel Belt ? Colonel Belt ? Can I talk to you for a moment ? You want to know why I lied to them . You 're asking yourself if this means I 'd lie to you . You know what it means to be an astronaut , sir ? You risk your life every time you get into your spacecraft for nothing more than the good progress of mankind . You 've got no argument from me , sir . You 're true American heroes . Heroes ... ? We used to make headlines when we did our job right . Now they bury you in the back of the paper . Name me two astronauts on the last shuttle mission . You make the front page today only if you screw up . They only know your name if you 're the unlucky S.O.B. sitting on 500 tons of dynamite . That 's what they 're really waiting for . Sir , I have to ask . I 'm sorry , it 's my job . Do you think someone is sabotaging the shuttle ? My answer to you , sir , will be to bring those men back safely to Earth . OTC ... I 've got ... How 's it going out there ? There 's something out here . Can you repeat that , Commander Belt ? It 's coming at me . Holy God ! Uh , Houston , we just heard something weird up here . OTC Houston , can you describe it ? Sort of a dull thump , like something bumped the ship . You got any ideas about that ? There it is again . ... taking a look at it now . Pull it out ? - Yeah . - ... on this side as well ? That one right there . Got in the , uh , matrix . They 've got an oxygen leak on board the orbiter . Our O2 gauges are going all screwy , Houston . We got problems . We 've got an O2 leak in the main tank . What did they say happened ? They don 't know . They just said it was a thump . Stand by . Uh , we have an astronomer in Winnipeg who just spotted a gaseous cloud about a mile long , trailing in our orbit . That 's the liquid O2 leaking out into space . The exact same thing happened to Colonel Belt but on an Apollo mission . How much time do they have ? Well , that 's hard to know without accurate telemetry data , We 're doing the calculations , but it 'll just be a guesstimate . I need some answers . And where is Colonel Belt ? We can 't find him . He was due here 90 minutes ago to begin payload deployment . Uh , Houston , we 're up here kind of wondering when do we have to start holding our breath ? We 're working on it , OTC . I need those calculations and I need a worst-case scenario . We don 't know if one or both of the O2 tanks have been damaged . Worst-case scenario ! And then I want someone to find Colonel Belt . We 'll find Colonel Belt . They 've got 30 minutes of backup oxygen . Beyond that , it 's anybody 's guess . Why does she need Belt ? She doesn 't know how serious the leak is . It 's an oxygen leak . Even I can figure out what happens when you run out of oxygen . Colonel Belt 's been up there in the same situation before . He 'll know better than anybody else what to do . He 's got to make the decisions . Where the hell is he ? Colonel Belt ? Colonel Belt ! I 'm going to go get Security . Colonel Belt . Are you all right ? Yeah . I wasn 't feeling well . They need you down at Mission Control , sir . There 's been another accident . OTC , is your orbital maneuvering system still operational ? Roger , Houston . Now we 're ready for reentry . Just say the word . How bad 's the leak ? We have no way to determine . OTC ... what 's the condensation on your cabin ? Windows are getting a little steamy . Carbon dioxide buildup . Okay , OTC . Everything 's going to be fine . I want you to get in your spacesuits and depressurize your cabin . And then I want you to vent that CO2 . Roger , Houston . And then what ? I want you to stay in your suits . And then I want you to prepare to use your emergency oxygen systems . And then I want you ... to ... deliver your payload . Those are men up there . You 're out of line . You want to tell me how to do my job ? I 've been up there in that situation , Ms. Generoo . There 's more at risk here than your personal life . And if you can 't accept that ... or operate effectively in these circumstances , then maybe you better leave the decisions to people in this room who can . OTC ... do you copy ? Roger , Houston . We 're waiting on those O2 calculations . Michelle ! They 're going to die . You don 't know that . That 's absolutely unconscionable putting that payload before those men 's lives . I think she 's right , Mulder . You saw him in there . He 's losing it . He saved their lives earlier . Did he , or did he put their lives in unnecessary jeopardy ? If he can 't deliver that payload Congress is gonna kill the space program . Oh , and you think killing those astronauts isn 't going to have the same effect ? Look , Mulder , I think somebody must have sabotaged the space shuttle because too many things have gone wrong . I think Colonel Belt knows about it and he 's known about it from the beginning . We 've got to stop him . We 've got to pull them out of orbit ! He doesn 't want those men to die . How do you know ? I know it . I 'm sure of it . He 's the one that put them up there . And he may be the only person who can get them down alive . And how can you be certain that what he 's doing isn 't the right thing ? That what he 's doing isn 't gonna save their lives ? Now , I need access to your records in a hurry . I need everything on the Hubble telescope the Mars Observer , the shuttle Challenger and the current orbiter mission . You 're talking about tens of thousands of documents . What exactly are we looking for ? X rays , diagrams , schematics ... any proof that Belt knew about a sabotage . A needle in a haystack . Payload deployment initiated . Roger that , OTC . Tracking it now . Looks good from here . Payload delivery is complete , Houston . We 're awaiting your order . System check for reentry deorbit burn . Holy God ! There 's something outside the ship ! Th ... There 's someone outside the ship ! Can you repeat that , OTC ? There 's some kind of ... ghost outside the ship ! No . No , no , no . No , no . No . No ! No ! No , no ! No ! Mulder , I found it . This is the same diagram that was sent to Michelle . Ordered by Colonel Belt . Which means he knew about the faulty valve . This is from the Challenger . It 's the O-ring fitting that failed . Dated January 21 , 1986 . That 's one week before the space shuttle blew up . The analysis was ordered by colonel belt . Are you saying he might have known about the Challenger defect ? Something weird is going on here , Scully . Colonel Belt 's collapsed . - Where is he ? - He 's in his office . He was just here . Oh , my God . What 's wrong with him ? Get a doctor . Help me ... Help me . How can we help you , Colonel ? He 's having some kind of a seizure , Mulder . Come on ! Come on , come on ! Oh , it 's tearing ... it 's tearing me apart ! See if I can get a bus . Help me . Oh , help me . I 'm bringing that shuttle down . - Sir , we need to ... - No ! It 's out there ! Come on , let 's put him down . - Spacesuits ! - Easy . Easy . - Strap him down ! - There you go . Give him ten milligrams of diazepam . - No . - He 's going to hurt himself , Mulder . He 's trying to tell us something . - I got his legs . - Colonel Belt . I got ... I got ... I got ... Those men are running out of oxygen . They don 't have to die . Colonel Belt , I want you to focus . Focus your breathing . Focus your pain . Right here . Blood pressure 's 174 over 120 . - Spacesuit ! Spacesuit ! - Vitals are rising . Mulder , you 're risking an aneurysm . Focus . Now you 're focused . Right here . Now , you 're going to save those astronauts and you 're going to tell me how to do it . The shuttle can 't survive reentry . - No . He 's lying . - How do you know it can 't survive ? The fuselage ... the fuselage is damaged . The s ... silicone tiles are destroyed . How does he know ? How has it been damaged ? I 'm responsible . Did you sabotage the shuttle ? No , but I couldn 't stop them . - Nobody can stop them . - Stop who ? - Pulse is 194 . - You 're gonna kill him , Mulder . - Stop who ? - They don 't want us to know . They don 't want us to know . Who ? It came to me . It lives in me . It 's coming at me ! It 's coming at me ! Get me out of here ! It 's attacking me ! Get me out ! Get it out . Help me . It 's coming back . That 's the face I saw in the fog . We 're losing him . Defib . Here you go . Clear . Hit it . They just ran out of oxygen . They 've got exactly 30 minutes left in the emergency backup system . They 're going to suffocate up there . I 've got no choice but to bring them down . It 's the only chance I 've got . Again . Okay , we got O2 standing by ... Hold on . We 've got vitals . We got a pulse . We 've got to get him to a hospital . OTC , this is Houston Mission Control . Do you copy ? Roger , Houston . We 've got some spooky stuff up here . OTC , we 're going to bring you down . We want you to instigate deorbit burn and begin deceleration . Roger , Houston . Kind of hoping you were going to say that . Activating OMS rockets . All systems go for reentry . They 're bringing the shuttle down . You said the shuttle would burn up on reentry . Is there anything we can do to save it ? Change the trajectory . Change the trajectory to what ? Change the reentry trajectory to 35 degrees . T-minus 35 seconds to ionosphere reentry . Change the reentry trajectory . What ? You 've got to change it to 35 degrees . T-minus 30 seconds to ionosphere reentry . - Colonel Belt ... - I can 't . ... 25 seconds . It 's your only shot . We 'd have to change landing site ; we 'd have to inform them before the blackout . 15 seconds to blackout . I want to know what the weather conditions are in Albuquerque . Are we go for an emergency landing ? Weather in Albuquerque ? Landing conditions go in Albuquerque . T-minus five seconds to blackout . OTC , this is Houston . I want you to change your re-entry trajectory to 35 degrees . You 'll be landing at Kirtland Field in Albuquerque . Do you copy ? Ionosphere reentry . Temporary blackout in effect . Did they get that transmission ? Two minutes to reestablish . Damn it . How much oxygen do they have ? 16 minutes . OTC , this is Houston . Come in , OTC . OTC , this is Houston . Come in , OTC ! Anything ? What 's the point of their new reentry ? 500 miles west of Hawaii . - See if Hawaii can get me ... - Hawaii 's picked the shuttle up on radar . They made it . Not necessarily . Albuquerque , do you have radar confirmation ? Negative , Houston . Nothing on the screen . OTC , this is Houston . Come in , OTC . OTC , this is Houston ! Come in , OTC ! Houston , this is OTC . You know a good place to eat in Albuquerque ? We all want to meet for dinner . OTC , welcome home . Welcome home , OTC . You 're looking real good . Yes ! The space shuttle touched down today at 10 : 56 Central Standard Time . The orbiter delivered its payload after just 13 orbits and returned to Earth ... without incident . We at NASA are looking forward to our next shuttle mission and to future successful explorations of space for mankind and for the future of mankind . No ... no ... ! No , no ! No more ! I just heard . Something had possessed him ... something he must have seen out there in space . The doctors who examined him said he was experiencing severe dementia . I don 't think he ever really knew exactly how it was working through him or that he ever knew that he was ... responsible for his own actions . He ordered those X rays of the damaged parts . You saw what I saw , Scully . I think he was trying to warn her . I think that he sent Michelle those X rays like he was trying to reach out to her without quite knowing why , as if his own instinctual impulse was to save those men . While simultaneously trying to kill them ? Scully , we send those men up into space to unlock the doors of the universe and we don 't even know what 's behind them . I think whatever it was , he took it with him . And in the end , that was the only way he knew how to stop it . There 's an investigation , you know . They haven 't ruled out foul play . He gave his own life . As an astronaut , that was something he was prepared to do . ... for Colonel Marcus Aurelius Belt devoted his life to the exploration and understanding of space ... learning its mysteries and experiencing it not just for himself , but for humanity . Lord , take this man 's soul and let it rise up to your Heaven higher than he could ever go as a man . Let him know the true nature of the universe that he sought to learn .
