 Lauren , I 've been looking ev ... Are you all right ? Do you want some water ? No . I 'm fine . Oh , honey , it 's been a couple of weeks now . Do you want to talk ? No . Really , Jane , I 'm okay . I just , uh , just haven 't known a lot of people who have died , you know . I 've never known anybody that killed themselves . Oh ... maybe once everything gets packed away , it will get easier . There won 't be the constant reminder . Here 's your paycheck . Come on . Go home . Okay . I have no money ! Oh , no , let me go , no ! Food . I think I 'll pass . Hey , I know a good place to crash . Up the fire escape , through that window . Come on , I 'll give you a boost . Pull it down . I can 't get it down . Come on , pull . Come on . Hurry up . Agent Scully , Agent Mulder , Chief Blevins assures us of your cooperation . We regret any inconvenience at this extreme hour . We hope that your expertise in extraordinary phenomenon will help us answer some questions . You 're not FBI , are you ? Have you ever analyzed anything like this before ? Abnormal postmortem muscle reflex . Both corpses are still responding to exposure to high levels of electrostatic charge . Any signs of external lesions or surface burns ? None . Time of death ? Well , it can 't be long . The body 's still warm . Somatic death occurred sometime over six hours ago , but their body temperatures have yet to drop below 98.3 degrees . Where did you find them ? Look , at least tell us the time and mode of transport . That might help us determine why the bodies haven 't cooled . Hey , you guys called us down here . You want some answers , you got to give some . They traveled 60 minutes by air . Thank you . The most troubling aspect of the deaths is the throat area . Larynx , esophagus , and hyoid bone all have been crushed like chalk . There 's no abrasions or evidence of tissue damage . It 's as if their throats were crushed from the inside . Who are these guys ? If you 've done your examinations , why are you consulting us ? During your work on the X Files , have you ever seen anything like this ? No , never . Well , thank you very much for your time , Agent Mulder , Scully . If any inquiry as to this meeting be made , we request full denial . I 'd say you people already suffer from full denial . You lied . You have seen it before , I can tell . You lied to them . I would never lie . I willfully participated in a campaign of misinformation . Who do you think they were ? NSA , CIA , some covert organization that Congress will uncover in the next scandal . It 's not important who they are but what they have , and I 'm sure they have no idea because they called us in . I have X Files ... each case has an element of what we saw tonight ... residual electrostatic charge , internal mutilation without any corresponding causality , but none has all the elements combined in one case . How can an esophagus be crushed without the neck ever being touched ? Psychokinetic manipulation . Psychokinesis ? You mean , how Carrie got even at the prom ? The Russians were doing studies on it . The Chinese still are . Their findings are kept secret . Okay , I 'm intrigued , but how can we investigate ? We have nothing to go on . Just getting in , Lauren ? Oh ... yes . Mr. Graves used to let you get away with that , but Mr. Dorlund is in charge now . I was , um ... wondering if I could have a minute with him ? Tomorrow ... at 3 : 00 . Can I see him today ? It 's really important . Oh ! Oh ! Oh , my suit . Is everything all right out here ? Can I speak with you ? Hmm . Please . Um , I 'm here to give my two-week notice . Uh-huh . Lauren , Jane told me about you crying in Howard 's office , and I , I want you to know you 're not alone . As a matter of fact , we share something special . Howard and I started this company ten years ago , and as long as I knew him , he had no interest in anything besides work , and so some of us became family . I was his brother and you were like a daughter to him , so of course I feel very close to you , and I ... I want to take care of my family . Stay , Lauren , please . The company needs you . Especially now . I won 't let you leave , Lauren . What 's wrong ? I , uh ... I can 't . I , I have to leave . I c ... I can 't be here anymore . You 've got two weeks . Mohammed Amrollahi . Convictions : illegal possession of firearms , illegal possession of explosives , falsification of export licenses . He has ties to an exiled extremist group operating in the U.S ... the Isfahan . They take their name from the city in Iran . Recently they 've been working out of Philadelphia . That 's 60 air minutes . I 'll talk to the Philly PD . It was last Wednesday night . I was just on routine patrol . This is where we found him . Who discovered their bodies ? Nobody . It was about 10 : 00 , I was on patrol . Saw them hanging around . No witnesses ? The kind of people that come around here after business hours don 't witness very much . You know what I 'm saying . Well , I appreciate your help . If you can think of anything else , please give us a call . A daily visual record is made of everyone who makes a transaction . We 'll just have to question everyone on record who was at the machine before 10 : 00 that night . There . I 'll back up . " Lauren Kyte . 858 Franklin , Bensalem . " Why would the Isfahan be robbing someone of 40 bucks - at an ATM machine ? - Look at that . Maybe it 's another person . Maybe . Maybe not . Well , the resolution 's too poor . It won 't help much to enhance it . That leaves us only one person we know we can talk to . Oh , come on . Hello ? Ms. Lauren Kyte , please . I 'm Agent Fox Mulder . This is Agent Dana Scully . We 're with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . Do we mind if we come in ? Oh , uh , I was just in the middle of ... Thank you , we won 't be long , thank you . Have you ever seen either of these two men before ? No . Take your time . No , I-I 'm sorry , I 've , I 've never seen them before . I 'm afraid you have . This is a surveillance picture from your ATM . Can you tell us what happened that night ? Um ... these guys , I ... I was depositing my paycheck . They grabbed me , I got away , I ran . I , I just didn 't want to file a report . They were found dead . Have you ever seen this person before ? No . I 'm sorry , I can 't tell you . Does that mean you know ? Uh ... it means I ... I can 't tell you who it is . Well , when you can tell me , this is a number I can be reached at any time . - Okay ? - Mm-hmm . A woman her size breaking free and outrunning those men ? Then somehow crushing their necks ? She knows who the other person in the photo is . She 's packing , running away , but from what ? What 's happening ? What the hell is going on ? Hang on . Are you okay ? Yeah . Hi . Hi . The paramedics check you out ? Yeah . I 'm fine , although I do have a standing-in-line-at - the-DMV-sized headache . Mine 's more IRS-sized . Did they check out the car ? Yeah , it 's brand-new . Only 100 miles . Then someone tampered with it while we were in her house . The mechanic says everything 's in proper order . Nothing cut , nothing greased . Check out the lights . They 're on . They 're not ... the filaments are heated due to massive levels of electrostatic charge , just like the bodies in the morgue . And isn 't it interesting that Lauren Kyte was present at both incidents ? She was in our presence the entire time we were at her house . What if it 's possible somehow to raise the body 's electrostatic charge to the levels we 've been seeing and to use that energy to affect objects ? If a person could generate that much energy , their body would break down . They-They 'd start glowing like those lights . Well , there 's evidence of this all through the X Files ... furniture moving untouched , objects levitating , unexplained electrical discharges . Frequently , people who have psychokinetic power are unaware of their own capability . Are you saying Lauren Kyte crashed our car ? Either that or a poltergeist . They 're here . They may be . Oh , come on , Mulder , look at the tangible evidence . Two Mideast extremists were killed trying to assault a woman working for a manufacturer of parts for the Defense Department . When we questioned her , our car was sabotaged . Now , in both cases , someone else may have committed those acts ... maybe the same someone we saw in the ATM photos . The mystery isn 't psychokinetic energy . It 's her accomplice . Excuse me , sir , excuse me . She 's clean ... no arrest , not even a traffic ticket . The only thing is , she 's in deep with her credit card company ... $ 15,000 . What do you think you 're doing ? What are you doing ? No , no . I 'll take care of this , all right ? Just go . Here , I 'll , I 'll talk to somebody . A little upset over losing a parking space , wouldn 't you say ? So , who is Howard Graves , anyway ? She was his secretary . That 's three people dead in the last month associated with Lauren Kyte . You won 't find too many people at their boss ' grave who aren 't dancing on it . Look at this one . Excuse me , sir ? Is there an office where I can get some information on those people ? Who ? I attend every funeral . I 'm the last person to see them put to rest . Do you know how Sarah Lynn was related to Howard Graves ? His daughter . They were at home one day and he didn 't latch the pool gate . She drowned . His wife left him a year later . She 's buried in a plot in the northeast corner . Thank you , sir . You 're welcome . She was only three years old . If she had lived , she 'd be Lauren 's age . Further investigation into Lauren Kyte 's personal history reveals an estrangement from her family . Phone records confirm no contact with her parents for the last two years . Her actions , observed during surveillance , indicate a strong relationship between Lauren Kyte and her employer , the late Howard Graves . Was this relationship somehow the motivation for his suicide ? How are the attack and the subsequent murders of the Isfahan agents related , if at all ? I am certain the answers to these questions lie in finding the identity of Lauren Kyte 's accomplice . Enhance it by ten . That 's Howard Graves . He 's alive . Not necessarily . No ... no . Don 't do this to me . Howard . No . No . Stop , no , no . Please , no . Howard . They killed him . I think Howard Graves fabricated his own death . Do you know how difficult it is to fake your own death ? Only one man has pulled it off ... Elvis . He and Lauren Kyte are in on something . Maybe an illegal dealing through his company ... something the CIA was interested in . You may be right . Wait . You think I 'm right ? Sure . All you got to do is prove Howard Graves is still alive . Howard Graves is very dead . May we see the autopsy report , please ? Knock yourself out . Uh ... " cause of death : arterial hemorrhage ... " Four out of six liters of blood down the tub . Well , there seems to be some blood work missing here . We only do that if we suspect homicide . I don 't suppose you ran any dental confirmations ? What for ? It was him . How did you know ? It said so on the toe tag . Who made positive I.D. on the body ? Lauren Kyte . But Howard Graves was cremated . There 's no way to run a dental check or to get a DNA sample . Yes , there is . His body 's tissues and organs were donated . Howard Graves is in five different people . They harvested the organs immediately after death . His kidneys were sent to Boston , his liver to Dallas , and his corneas to Portland , Oregon . They 've all been transplanted . Because of his age , we could only cryopreserve the dura mater in the membrane of the spinal column . We have Mr. Graves' hospital records . We 'll extract a sample , run a test , and in a couple of hours confirm the identity of the donor . I , uh , made them rush so you could have your check before you leave . Oh . Oh , I 'm going to miss you . Oh . Oh , what ? Here . - Bye . - Bye-bye . You were gonna leave without saying good-bye ? Well , uh , I-I came to say good-bye and to , to wish you luck ... and to leave you with this little thought . I know Howard told you , and if it ever gets out , I won 't waste my time trying to pin the source . I 'll go straight to you . And you 'll do to me what you did to Howard ? I know you had him killed . Why would you say that ? He told me . Mulder . This is Lauren Kyte . How soon can you be at my house ? Why ? Please hurry . The tests are conclusive . The dura mater does belong to Howard Graves . He is , indeed , very dead . Just a second . Go run the bath . Get out of here ! No ! Aah ! No , no . No ! No ! No ! No , no ... ! No ! You know , you 're not under arrest . You 're just here for questioning . The sooner you talk to us , the sooner you get to go home . What happened to those people tonight ? Do you have any idea who they might be ? Why did they attack you ? Do you know who this is ? Scully , Mulder . He 'll keep an eye on her . Come on now . You 've seriously compromised our investigation . We were following leads pertaining to an X File . I want to know every detail of your activities concerning this case . What case ? You 're the ones who have been withholding information . Why don 't you tell us what you 've got ? Then we have nothing more to talk about . Wait , we believe HTG Industrial Technologies sold restricted parts - to the Isfahan . - Partial serial numbers from their manifests were recovered in the wreckage of the July bombing of a navy transport van . How is Lauren Kyte involved ? We don 't quite know . Your actions impeded our investigation . In any case we don 't have enough evidence to hold her . If she doesn 't talk , she goes free and we lose our chance to break this company . I could make her talk . My advice to you : don 't get rough with her . Hmm , that was a waste of time . Your turn . Lauren ... I won 't talk to you either . Okay . Then you 're free to go . I can 't go back to that house . Why ? Because of Howard Graves ? He 's dead . I know . He 's watching over you , isn 't he ? I don 't know if you 've ever been a secretary before . Sometimes your boss can talk as if you weren 't even in the room , which can hurt , you know , but sometimes you 're all he has to talk to , which was how it always was with me and Howard . One night , late , I went into his office . He was crying , more scared than sad . The Pentagon contracts were being canceled , the company was going under . He felt personally responsible for each of his employees . Seeing and feeling their fear every day ... really wore him down . Then this one time ... Dorlund came with that group , that , uh ... Mideast group ... Isfahan , that terrorist group . They 'd buy parts at an outrageous price ... not just once but for as long as they could get away with it . That night Howard was crying , he had just found out that Isfahan had claimed responsibility for killing a couple sailors in Florida . He was never the same , and I thought that 's why he killed himself . But he didn 't . I saw ... Howard showed me how Dorlund had him killed . Made it look like a suicide 'cause he could see Howard was going to put an end to the deal . So now Howard is protecting you ? It sounds so ridiculous . But you believe it ? He was closer to me than my father . I told him that . I still feel his presence . Sometimes ... I even smell his aftershave . If you just could have ... seen the things I 've seen . I just want all that to go away . That 's why I 'm leaving . Maybe he can move on . That 's not enough . You have been given the chance to tell him again . Take it . Tell him you love him by showing him , by ... by helping us finish his unfinished business . Lauren , how will you ever be able to rest if he never can ? Okay . I 'm a mess . I 'm going to , uh ... wash up . What are you doing , Scully ? You don 't believe . Mulder , there 's no such things as ghosts or psychokinesis . I 'm sure there 's an explanation , but I believe that she believes , and my priority is to get her to help us stop Dorlund . Well , we may have just sacrificed our best opportunity to observe spectral phenomena . No , I 'm giving us the chance to solve a case that 's tangible instead of chasing after shadows . Are you ready ? All right , everyone , we have a warrant to search the premises for evidence pertaining to the sale of restricted manufactured parts . The evidence may be in the form of falsified export licenses , parts manifests , communiqués . It could be on computer disk or hard copy . Once there , if in doubt , ask . We need this to be clean . This is the culmination of a year-long investigation . If we don 't come out of there today with something proving a connection to the Isfahan , this guy could walk . Okay , let 's go . You okay ? Now , it 'll most likely be in Dorlund 's office . We 'll execute the search , but we 'll need you to guide us , so you have to be strong , okay ? Everybody stay calm . Federal Bureau of Investigation . Ma 'am , could you back away from those files , please ? Step aside , please . This is all we could find . We don 't have him . He 's not even breaking a sweat . Our case is blown . We 've wasted a year . This guy 's going to walk . Let 's get out of here . Lauren , it 's over , we have to go . What we 're looking for isn 't here . Uh , look , she 's no agent . I 've been more than cooperative and I don 't want to be combative , but she has no right to destroy my personal property . Lauren . Destroying property ? What about that van that blew up and killed those servicemen ? Oh , I don 't know what you 're talking about , you stupid bitch . Lauren , no ! They 'll kill him . Help us find it ! Get down . Now what 's going on ? I don 't know . Mulder ! Mulder ! Mulder ! Mulder ! Oh , my God . I guess what we 're looking for is here . The U.S. attorney 's office is going after Dorlund with everything they 've got , including the murder of Howard Graves . I 'll come back to testify . Oh ... where you going ? Away from here . Thanks . Boy , she 's in a rush to get out of here . Out of here or away from the ghost of Howard Graves ? Hey , Scully , do you believe in an afterlife ? I 'd settle for a life in this one . Have you ever seen the Liberty Bell ? Yes . You know , I 've been to Philadelphia 100 times and I 've never seen it . You 're not missing much . It 's a big bell with a big crack , and you have to wait in a long line . I 'd really like to go . Why now ? I don 't know . How late do you think they stay open ? Ms. Kyte , I asked for this 25 minutes ago . I know . I 'm sorry . Maybe that 's the way they work back east , but here in the Midwest , punctuality is a virtue . We have to find a new office space . Every time a truck goes by , the whole building shakes . That 's all , Lauren .
