 Here , let me do it . Put your number in , then your card . What 's your number , Roland ? Three-fifteen . See how easy it is ? Engine efficiency : 94 % . We need more . How 's the back pressure holding ? What do you think ? It 's climbing . Increase the blade inclination . I said increase the blade inclination ! Inclination of the blade is pi over nine . We 've reached maximum velocity . No ! Let it go ! It will work . It 's just going to destroy itself ! I 'm not going to do that . It 's not going to destroy itself . Come on ! We 're almost there ! There 's something wrong with our equations . - What happened ? - Nothing . Because Surnow pulled the plug . I 'm just protecting the baby ... and four years of work , Frank . Four years of work that 's going to add up to zilch . Because , unless we show some progress , they 're going to pull the plug on us , Ron . He 's right , you know . You should have continued with the test . Somebody 's going to crack mach 15 , and I want that someone to be us . And I 'm not going to jeopardize everything just because you two guys can 't wait to see your name in print . It 's the print that gets the money , Ron . If you want to go down in flames together , fine . You go ahead . I 'm going to do the math . Good night , Dr. Keats . What the hell ? Roland . Open the door . Open the door ! Roland , I want you to listen to me very carefully . We have to open this door , Roland . Stop typing ! Roland ! Roland ! Open the door ! What are you doing ? ! Open the door ! Roland , hit " escape . " Are you listening ? - How was the wedding ? - You mean the part where the groom passed out or the dog bit the drummer ? Did you catch the bouquet ? Maybe . So , is that what you couldn 't talk to me about over the phone ? The project that everyone says doesn 't exist does exist . The Icarus Project ? The next generation in jet engine design . Capable of doubling current supersonic speeds using half the fuel ... at least in theory . And Ronald Surnow was an aeronautical scientist who worked on it here at the university . - Yes . - How close are they ? I 'm not sure , but Surnow 's the second scientist on the team to die in the last six months . Okay , but how is this an X File ? Mulder , you don 't think this has anything to do with UFO technology ? There 's something unexplainable here , Scully , but it 's certainly not unidentifiable . Keats ? There . Dr. Keats ? We 're with the FBI . I 'm Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . We understand you discovered Dr. Surnow this morning . What was left of him . How do you suppose he became trapped in the wind tunnel ? Someone must have shut him in . The door can only be opened or locked from in there . By computer ? We 've already been through this with the police . How many times do we have to rehash it ? Another member of your team died a short time ago . - Isn 't that correct ? - Yes . Arthur Grable . He was killed in an automobile accident in November . I 'm Frank Nollette . I 'm also on the project . Are you certain it was an accident ? What are you driving at ? Your work seems to be a perfect target for industrial espionage . Who wrote this ? Ron was working on it when I left . You see , the handwriting here doesn 't seem to match any of the other handwriting on the board . It isn 't mine . What about Roland Fuller ? Uh ... Roland 's the , uh ... janitor . Well , according to the police report , he was the only other person here last night . Roland didn 't do that . How do you know ? Let 's just say Roland isn 't exactly a rocket scientist . Here . " Tracy . " With stars . Roland . There are some people here who would like to talk with you . Uh-oh . I went off the paper . Sorry . That 's all right , Roland . Tracy ? Would you like to come help me in the TV room ? Okay . Thank you . Hi , Roland . You mind if we sit down ? Eh ... Thanks . You mind if we ask you a couple questions ? Do you remember working last night ? Uh-huh . Do you remember seeing anything unusual ? Seeing any strangers ? Did , um ... did Dr. Surnow or Dr. Keats or Dr. Nollette do anything unusual ? Nope . You must like stars . One hundred and forty-seven . Sorry ? Stars . You like numbers , too , huh ? Roland , let me help you . One , two , three , four , five , - six , seven ... - Roland ? Is everything okay ? ... eight , nine ... Roland , are you all right ? ... ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen ... What happened ? What did you say to upset him so ? ... sixteen , seventeen ... It 's definitely the work of a fourth and distinct individual . Dr. Surnow 's , Dr. Keats' and Dr. Nollette 's cursive standards don 't match what you found on the white board . Will you do me a favor and try this ? What is it ? That 's something Roland was doodling at the home . You don 't really think that Roland ... Besides Nollette and Keats , he 's the only person we can prove was in the lab that night . Yes , but we 're talking about a sophisticated fluid dynamics equation . Roland Fuller barely has an IQ of 70 . Well , you saw his facility with mathematics . Don 't some autistic individuals display unusual abilities ? Yes , but even savants behave only as human calculators . I mean , they can perform certain functions , but they can 't tell you the value of anything or even the meaning of a number . I hate to take sides , guys , but the bottom line is no . The terminal stroke on the six , the roof on the five ... I 'm sorry . He didn 't write it . An organic object exposed to liquid nitrogen at minus 320 degrees will become frozen , exhibiting great tensile strength , but is vulnerable to stress from compression or impact . Now , I 've seen this demonstrated on a fish before ... I don 't think they 'll be performing this experiment on Beakman 's World . Has this been dusted ? Treat yourself . Thanks . Hey , Scully , look at these files . " KMAN " must be Keats . His file was turned off at 12 : 31 last night . But look . Someone else entered a file under the name " Arthur " after 12 : 31 . And worked on it for nearly five hours . Well , it couldn 't have been Keats . Judging from the rigor of the body , he was dead around 12 : 30 . So you 're saying that someone came in here , killed Keats , and then just did some work on an old Dr. Arthur Grable file ? Well , I can 't access the Arthur file . We 're going to need the password . Try 15626 . How did you know that that was ... ? This is Arthur Grable 's work on the same fluid dynamics equations the others were working on . Look at all those entries . Someone has been continuing his work for the six months since he died . How did you know what the password was ? Wave good-bye . Wave good-bye . Come on . We 've got to go . Wave good-bye . Bye-bye . Wave good-bye . Roland ? Why did you sleep in your clothes last night ? Well , let 's get you dressed . You have visitors . I 'm not supposed to talk to them . Who told you that ? Remember that talk we had about being shy ? These are nice people , Roland . Hey , Roland , you got more shirts than I do . I think this one would look stylin ' today . What do you think ? The green one . Green one ? Please . Mrs. Stodie , can I talk to you a second ? See you later , Roland . This one ? Here you go . So , do you like your job at the college , Roland ? Yes . I hear you 're very good at it . Do you remember how you got your job ? A man talked to Mrs. Stodie . What man ? Dr. Grable . Was Dr. Grable nice to you ? Yes . When was the last time you spoke to him ? Last week ? Day before ? Dr. Grable died . I 'm sorry . Yes . People die . They go away , and they 're not supposed to come back . Has Roland ever mentioned the name " Arthur " ? That was Dr. Grable 's first name , but we only called him Dr. Grable . I doubt Roland even knew his first name was Arthur . Mrs. Stodie , can I get a copy of Roland 's file and past history ? Our patients ' histories are confidential . I understand , but I have grounds to obtain them , and the less time we have to spend in court , the more time we have to help Roland . Roland Fuller was hired by Arthur Grable . He went to the halfway house specifically to find a mentally challenged person . Are you suggesting that Arthur Grable hired Roland in order to use him ? Then are you suggesting that Arthur Grable is not dead ? Well , if he had intentions of killing Nollette , Keats and Surnow , why not set it up to appear the least likely suspect ? Yeah , but by the look of this , he 's hamburger . Maybe he staged it . That would explain why his work is continuing on six months after his " death . " This obituary says that Arthur Grable was born in Seattle . His father was a big banker . His mother was active in a number of charities . Only child . Summa cum laude in physics . Doctoral and postdoctoral in aeronautical engineering at Harvey Mudd . Brilliant future , tragically cut short . Roland 's also from Seattle . He spent most of his life at the Heritage halfway house . The identity of his parents has been sealed by the courts . There 's very little information on Roland before the age of three . That 's when he was put in the Heritage program . Does it say when he was born ? July 15 , 1952 . That 's also Arthur 's birth date . Don 't you wish you could fly ? I can . When I dream . People can do anything in a dream , you know . Once ... one time , I had a dream we were married and lived in a house . Do you have dreams , Roland ? You can tell me . Roland ? Who 's Arthur ? I 'm sorry , Roland . I 'm sorry . Roland ! Roland ? Go away ! Roland , what 's the matter ? Go away ! I don 't want to hurt you ! Go away ! Go away . Is that you ? Yes . Cool do . What 's the story here ? Um ... a quantum physics professor of mine at Harvey Mudd flunked me . He challenged the tenets of one of my theories ... a theory I later published in Nature . Anyway , to get back at him one afternoon , we decided to take his car apart and put it back together again in his office and left it running . Hmm , an egghead classic . It was Arthur Grable 's idea . Is that Arthur Grable there , sitting on the chair ? Yeah . Was he a practical joker ? Atop of all his brilliance he had a genius for executing elaborate schemes . Could he be making it seem like a man with a 70 IQ is gaining access to and operating his old computer files ? Arthur would still have to be alive . Could he have faked his own death ? - No . - The police report on the auto accident that killed Arthur Grable is woefully incomplete . It was a dry road surface , no mechanical problems found . The body was never admitted to a county morgue and there was no funeral . If , uh , you are trying to suggest that Arthur Grable killed Surnow and Keats and is after me next , you 're way off . Art could not have done the murders . How can you be so certain ? This is Arthur Grable . Because of the massive internal damage to his body caused by the car accident , we could only preserve the head . Wouldn 't your client find it somewhat inconvenient to be thawed out in the future , only to discover he had no functional mobility ? We believe that , by the time science figures a way to revive our clients ... You 'll also know how to clone new bodies for them . Exactly . This technology is progressing faster than anyone thought possible . Ask anyone here at the university . So , while for us , the passing of each second brings our bodies closer to death , for our clients , it brings them closer to life . These fluctuations in temperature ... - do they happen often ? - No . We 've had some problems with Dr. Grable 's capsule , and our technicians have checked it for possible malfunctions , but they 've found nothing . Is it possible the brain is causing the fluctuation ? No , but we are looking for the explanation . The patient 's in no danger . He remains perfectly preserved as long as there 's liquid nitrogen in the capsule . May we take a look at Arthur Grable 's records ? Thank you . Dr. Barrington , in your conception of future medical science , what requirements will exist to be an organ or tissue donor ? Same requirements as there are today . Compatible genetic makeup . It 's best if the donor is related . Mulder ... Arthur Grable put down only one donor . Roland Fuller and Arthur Grable had the same birthday . I think they 're twins . Older or younger ? Same age , just less hairy and with better eyesight . Got you , and the moustache ? No . Lose the whole beard . Next ? Close-cropped hair with a slightly receding widow 's peak . Lose the glasses . That 's Roland . Give or take a few pounds . Tell me about your dreams , Roland . It 's all right . I won 't tell anybody . You know , I had a dream last night . I dreamt I was swimming in this pool and I could see my father underwater , but when I dove down , the water stung my eyes . Then there was another man at the pool , watching me . He upset me . He was asking me questions I didn 't want to answer and I had to leave . I couldn 't find my father . I can 't tell you my dreams . Why not ? Bad . Your dreams are bad , Roland , not you . You 're a good person . I hit Tracy . Your dreams make you hit Tracy ? You know how to work this toy , Roland ? Here . You see , the way you work that toy is like what 's happening to you . You 're the spaceship , Roland , and your dreams are the controls . Who ... ? Who runs the controls ? Have you seen this man recently ? Come on , Arthur , we have to say bye-bye to Roland . Bye . Roland . Roland . Roland , stop . Roland ! Roland . Roland . We need to arrange to keep Roland under observation . Roland . - He 's trying to get away . - Roland . Roland . Roland ! Roland ! Roland ! Roland ! Roland ! Nollette 's gone . We should arrange a security guard to find him . Mulder , no one 's going to provide you with anything once you explain your theory on how Roland Fuller is capable of these murders . You 've got a brother , don 't you , Scully ? Yeah , I 've got an older one and a younger one . Well , have you ever thought about calling one of them all day long , and then all of a sudden the phone rings , and it 's one of them calling you ? Does this pitch somehow end with a way for me to lower my long distance charges ? I believe in psychic connections , and evidence suggests that it 's stronger between family members , strongest of all between twin siblings that shared the same womb . Okay , maybe , but in this case one sibling has closer ties to a frozen Fudgsicle than he does to his own brother . Arthur Grable is not dead . He 's in a state of consciousness that no human has ever returned from . And what if that state allows one to develop psychic ability to a potential that the conscious mind is too preoccupied to explore or believe in ? He could use that ability to control his brother to kill those scientists . But why ? He 's been working with these colleagues for years . Well , that 's a question that only Dr. Nollette can answer . Okay , let 's go . I have to call my brother . We 've got to find Nollette . Let 's talk to Campus Security . We go this way ? No , we go left . Well , wherever you are , Arthur , I 'm sure you 'll appreciate this . Arthur and Roland Grable . Born at Puget Presbyterian to Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Grable on July 15 , 1952 . Arthur was four minutes older than Roland . Identical twins . Which means that they 're the result of a single egg fertilized by a single sperm . I 've read studies which suggest that , in some cases , the identical twin arises very early in the embryonic stage when a mutation in one cell is rejected by the other cells as foreign . So , then , maybe Roland 's condition is the result of a damaged chromosome rejected by one of Arthur 's cells ? In a way , that would explain Arthur 's genius and Roland 's strange mathematical gift . In a way . Agent Scully . This is Larry Barrington at the Avalon Foundation . We 've , uh , got a situation here . Uh-huh . Last night we had a break-in at the facility . That 's right , yeah . It 's Arthur Grable 's storage unit . His internal thermostat 's been compromised . Was there any tissue damage ? We 're trying to assess that now . The temperature 's still rising . Something 's blocking our access to the cooling program . Someone tampered with Arthur Grable 's capsule . They 're attempting to stabilize it now . Nollette . What is it ? " If I have seen further than other men , it 's because I have stood on the shoulders of giants . " No . This isn 't yours . It 's amazing . There 's this body sitting there in front of me talking , but you 're controlling it , Arthur . You took my work . What good was your work going to do you ? You died before you could finish it , before you could publish it . It was mine ! And a brilliant piece of work , too . When I saw the writing on the white board , I knew someone had found the key . Mach 15 was within our reach . Our futures were guaranteed . Ironic , isn 't it ? You did all the work and I get all the glory . No ! Yes . Yes , Arthur . I was here working on the intake problem , moments away from a solution , when you attacked me . Fortunately I was carrying a gun . After the murder of my colleagues , who could blame me ? No . Oh , that 's , that 's interesting . I 've got it . That 's it . I 've got it . Arthur ! Arthur , open the door ! Arthur ! Arthur , how do you stop this ? ! Tell me how ! - Arthur ! - Wait ! Roland , we need you to help us . Please , we need you to help us to stop the machine . Bye , Roland . Arthur , say good-bye to your brother . Try to remember how . Roland , you 've got to help him or he 's going to die . Wave good-bye , Arthur . Come on , Roland . I can 't remember . He 'll be held in psychiatric custody for evaluation . Is he being charged with a crime ? The D.A. hasn 't made that determination yet . But we 've recommended that he be remanded to your custody as soon as the court deems it appropriate . How could this happen ? Roland never exhibited any violent tendencies . It 's my belief that he wasn 't acting under his own volition . What do you mean ? This is the work of Arthur Grable , Roland 's brother . It 's a new theory of jet propulsion , unfinished at the time of his death . In the last two weeks Roland has completed the calculations . How ? We 're not sure , Mrs. Stodie . All we know is that Roland was somehow able to finish his brother 's research . Roland ? Where are you going ? Roland , don 't go . I have to . Okay . Bye . Tracy ... wait . Keep my stars . I love you . Me , too .
