 Dave says he can set it up at the Costa Village . Yeah , well , Dave 's a stand-up guy . I mean , if he 's putting it together , you 'd be a fool to pass it up . Yeah , I hear you , I just ... Just what ? When you want to take a dip , you got to test the water . You just don 't want to get wet . No , man . Dippage is sacred . Dippage is sacred . Agent Mulder ? Yeah . You 're being relieved from your current assignment . Agent Bozoff will take over . You 've got a flight to catch in 45 minutes . Where am I going ? Murder case . Newark , New Jersey . Treat yourself . You 're flying out of National . Your contact in Newark is Detective Norman . How did I draw the assignment ? Assistant Director Skinner made the request . Skinner requested me ? Mulder , FBI . My forensics team 's just wrapping up . We left the body where we found it . Kenny ! This is one case I 'm gonna be happy to turn over to you guys . Watch yourself . Yeah . I wouldn 't want to step in anything . They say it cuts the smell if you don 't breathe through your mouth . They lied . Who found the body ? Sanitation worker . Looks like it 's been here a while . Any ID ? No . Not much to go on either . Front side of the body is pretty much eaten away . Would you like us to turn him over for you ? No . I 'll take your word on that . Hey , Agent Mulder , what would you like us to do with the body ? Wrap it up and send it to the FBI , care of Assistant Director Skinner . Yes , sir . Thank you . I need to speak to him . I 'm sorry , Mr. Skinner 's unavailable . If you 'd like to take a seat ... Will you tell him that I 'm here and I need to speak to him now ? Certainly . Excuse me , Mr. Skinner . I 'm very sorry to interrupt , but Agent Mulder is demanding to see you . Is there a problem , Agent Mulder ? Yeah , there is . Then make an appointment . It 's kind of hard to make an appointment when you 're up to your ass in raw sewage , being jerked from one meaningless assignment to another . Excuse me ? What 's my next punishment- - scrubbing the bathroom floors with a toothbrush ? You 're way out of line , Agent Mulder . So I gathered . Fine . Come into my office , Agent Mulder , please . Agent Mulder , will you please inform the room as to why you regard your homicide case in New Jersey as meaningless ? It seemed to me like a simple drugland body dump , not the type of case the FBI normally wastes its time or manpower on . Certainly , Agent Mulder , given your recent history here , you 're not one to judge what is or is not a waste of the Bureau 's time or manpower . Sir , my work on the X Files ... The X Files have been closed , Agent Mulder . You will carry out your new assignments and investigate them to the best of your ability . Is that not clear ? Yeah . And I 'll be anticipating your field reports on your current homicide case . Thank you . Is this seat taken ? No , but I should warn you , I 'm experiencing violent impulses . Well , I 'm armed , so I 'll take my chances . I hear you really endeared yourself to Assistant Director Skinner today . You know , sometimes , it just gets hard to smile through it when they ask you to bend down and grab your ankles . You know ? It 's not exactly as if you 've ever tried to fit into the program . No . No , I 've been thinking a lot about that lately . I 've been thinking about leaving . The Bureau ? What would you do ? Pursue my work in the paranormal somehow . You , you could request a transfer to Quantico . Come back to the Behavioral Science Unit . They don 't want us working together , Scully , and right now that 's the only reason I can think of to stay . What about this case you 're working on ? It 's a zero . Where 's the body ? They transferred it to our forensics lab . Look , Scully , I know what you 're trying to do . Maybe I can request to do the autopsy . It 's an exercise . Skinner is just rubbing my nose in this one . There 's nothing to it . There 's a dead body , isn 't there ? Examination and autopsy of John Doe number 101356 . Case number DP112148 . Special Agent Fox Mulder , field investigator . Body is an adult male with advanced tissue decomposition , weighing 165 pounds in extremis , 69 inches in length . Intact skin is mottled and discolored due to submergence in and exposure to a highly bacterial environment . Cause and time of death unknown . Possible identifying mark on right forearm . Body cavities appear normal . Interior organs intact . Consistent in rate of decomposition . Removing the rib cage . Condition of heart and lungs are good . No sign of thrombi , natural or degenerate diseases indicate victim was probably a young adult . The liver shows some nodular hardening consistent with incipient alcoholism . Oh , God . Put it away . Got it . I 'm going to need a big piece of 30 gauge and some bailing wire . I got to go back up top for the screen . Aah ! Hey ! Help ! Craig ! Craig ! Craig ! Craig ! Hey , hey , Craig ! Hold on ! Craig ! Craig ! Hold on ... hold on ! Hold on ! Oh , my God ! Hold on ! Hold on ! Oh , my God . I 'm going to get help . I 'm going to give you a tetanus booster just as a precaution . I 'd be happy if you 'd just give me something to get this taste out of my mouth . Oh , yeah ? Let me take a look . Ah . Any trouble swallowing ? Uh-uh . It 'll go away . Agent Mulder ? Yeah . New York PD referred me to you . I was surprised to hear the FBI was involved . Is there something here I should know ? I don 't know , maybe you can tell me . The patient is a sanitation worker . He claims he was attacked by something down in the sewer this morning . Attacked by what ? We 've been unable to determine . Initially I thought it was a bogus disability claim , but he appears to be telling the truth . What 's his condition ? He 's in satisfactory health . I 've given him a heavy course of antibiotics , and we 're checking for hepatitis . He does have a strange wound on his back . What kind of wound ? Oh , it could be some kind of bacterial infection . Frankly , I can 't say I 've ever seen anything like it . This is Agent Mulder of the FBI . Any idea what attacked you ? Yeah . I 've been thinking it might have been a python . A python ? Yeah , or a boa constrictor . Somebody probably flushed their pet snake down the toilet . I found an alligator in the sewer a couple years ago . It was stronger than hell , I 'll tell you that . Clamped onto me like a vise . It almost looks like a bite . Oh , excuse me . Mulder . Mulder , it 's me . I need to see you . I 've got something here I think you should know about . What is it ? Some kind of parasite in your John Doe . I 'm having it looked at , but I should know more by the time you get down here . Well , I 'm up in Jersey . I should be taking the shuttle down in about an hour . When can I get out of here ? I 'd just like to go home . Oh , excuse me . Sorry . - Scully , this is a bad time for me to talk . - Mr. Mulder . Yeah . I think you should know ... you have a friend at the FBI . Who is this ? Agent Mulder ? Y-Yeah ? If you don 't have any more questions , I 'm going to release this man . Okay , go ahead . Close the door . It 's called Turbellaria , or it 's commonly known as a fluke or flatworm . This was living inside the body ? Apparently it had attached itself to the bile duct and was feeding off the liver . Lovely . Believe it or not , something like 40 million people are infected worldwide . This isn 't where you tell me some terrible story about sushi , is it ? Well , maybe you 'd rather hear what you can catch from a nice , rare steak . So , what , the murder weapon was a top sirloin ? Flukes are endemic in unsanitary conditions . It 's more likely that the victim contracted it down inside the sewer . Before or after he died ? I don 't know . According to my sources , it 's unlikely that a single parasite could have killed him . He was a young man . But the weird thing is , there 's no other discernible cause of death . How do these parasites attach themselves ? They have what 's called a scolex- - it 's a sucker-like mouth with four hooking spikes . Anything like this ? - Where 'd you get that ? - Something attacked a workman in the New Jersey sewer this morning . And you 're asking me if this is from a fluke ? Could it be ? Mulder , the scolex is a tiny little organ . This is a huge bite mark . How big can these things get ? Mulder , I ... I 'm sorry . It felt like old times there for a second . Flatworms are what are known as obligate endoparasites . They live inside of the host , entering the body through the ingestion of larvae or eggs . They are not creatures that go around attacking people . Well , that 's good . I didn 't want to have to tell Skinner that his murder suspect was a giant bloodsucking worm . No . Well , at the very least , this will be interesting to the Newark Department of Sanitation . Look , Scully , I don 't know who you shared our conversation with the other night , but I 'd prefer it if you didn 't try to launch a campaign for me . Excuse me ? I don 't know who you talked to ... I didn 't talk to anybody . Well , somebody called me and told me I had a friend at the FBI . Look , Mulder , I , I don 't know what to say , but I-I wouldn 't betray a confidence . City runs on several different systems- - some new , some built around the turn of the century . Almost as old as Charlie here . Isn 't that right , Charlie ? Oh , yes , sir . What part of the sewer was I in ? That 'd be one of the older sections , big eight-foot tunnels . - It looked more like a catacomb than a sewer line . - Yep , all the new sections are concrete pipe , not much of it bigger than 24 inches . And all the sewage comes through this plant ? 560,000 people a day call my office on the porcelain telephone . Have you ever seen one of these ? Looks like a big , old worm . It 's called a fluke . It came from the body they pulled out of the sewer . Wouldn 't surprise me . No telling what 's been breeding down there in the last hundred years . Ray here . Yeah . Charlie , slow down . I 'm backflushing the system . It 's in there . What is it ? I don 't know , it just swam right past me . There it is . The turbellarian flatworms are free-living carnivorous scavengers usually less than three centimeters in length , found in fresh and sea water . They are hermaphroditic with complex reproductive systems capable of internal fertilization . Many species require more than one host to complete a life cycle . Although the shape of the wound on the sanitation worker suggests scolex attachment , the sheer size of the wound precludes involvement of the common fluke worm . Scully . Scully , it 's me . You know that fluke you caught ? Yeah . It must have been the runt of the litter . I don 't see it . There it is , tucked away in the far corner behind the pipes . Oh , my God . I don 't know if you can see it from here , but it has no sex organs . It 's genderless . Platyhelminthes are often hermaphroditic . Mulder , this is amazing . Its vestigial features appear to be parasitic , but it has primate physiology . Where the hell did it come from ? I don 't know , but it looks like I 'm gonna have to tell Skinner that his suspect is a giant bloodsucking worm after all . The only thing we 're missing is the identity of the body in the sewer . He was a Russian . An engineer on a cargo freighter . He had a tattoo on his forearm . I didn 't make the connection until I detected that that was the name Dmitri spelled in Cyrillic lettering . How did you make the connection at all ? Somebody shoved this under my door . I guess you really do have a friend in the FBI . And , Mulder ... when you see Skinner to hand in your field report , I know that it 's your decision , but I hope that you know that I 'd consider it more than a professional loss if you decided to leave . Everything looks in order . Is something wrong , Agent Mulder ? That 's just an unexpected response , considering the bizarre nature of the case and of the suspect . The strangeness of the criminal and the crime are not lost on me . I had my reaction to them this morning in my conversation with the federal prosecutor 's office about how to process the suspect . This meeting is to evaluate your work . There 's no way you 'll prosecute this . The Justice Department has asked the suspect be transferred to an institution for a full psychiatric evaluation . This is not a man , it 's a monster . You can 't put it in an institution . What do you do with it , Agent Mulder , put it in a zoo ? It killed two people . Two ? The sanitation worker who was attacked was found dead in his home as a result of his injuries . You know , you had a pair of agents that could have handled a case like this . Agent Scully and I might have been able to save that man 's life , but you shut us down . I know . This should have been an X File . We all take our orders from someone , Agent Mulder . That will be all . It 's secure . Charlie 21 , Charlie 21 , what 's your ETA ? Unit 20 ... no further assist needed . They 've got the suspect in custody ... This is vehicle forty-niner 40 requesting immediate backup and assistance . Roger , 4940 . Roger , 4940 . What do you got ? Well , we got a dead marshal and an escaped prisoner . Other than that , we got bubkes . We got a police line in a two-mile radius . Watch all the storm drains , any access to the sewer system . It 's gonna try to get back underground . Mulder . Mr. Mulder , I 'll make this brief . Success in your current assignment is imperative . Who am I speaking to ? Are you hearing me , Mr. Mulder ? Yes . Why is it imperative ? Reinstatement of the X Files must be undeniable . K9 unit 6-4 , copy . 6-4 , copy . Yeah , we 're at a campsite approximately a quarter mile from your position . Dogs tracked a scent to a chemical toilet here . Thought he might be hiding inside , but it 's empty . The tanker . Hold on , 6-4 . What ? What if he 's on the tanker truck ? The company that owns the truck you 're looking for doesn 't keep detailed service records . They had about five trucks out in that area this morning . Three of them have already deposited their loads . So they could have already been here and gone ? If he hasn 't , he will be . But every tanker dumps its load here ? It 's a state law . And everything is processed through this plant ? Yep . Then what happens to it ? Empties through an outlet pipe about five miles out to sea . Could this thing have escaped through that outlet pipe ? Doubtful . The system 's full of enough filters and screens that nothing much bigger than your little finger 's going to get through . If it 's here , it 's going to be trapped here . Guess all we can do is wait . Mulder . It 's me . Where are you ? I 'm at the treatment plant . I was playing a hunch it might have got back into the system . How ? Forget it , it 's stupid . Well , you 're not going to like what I have to tell you . Why not ? It hadn 't occurred to me , but I think that the fluke in the corpse might have been an incubating larva . This creature or whatever it is is transmitting its eggs or larvae through its bite . You mean it 's trying to reproduce ? It 's looking for hosts . It attacks because the victims ' bodies provide generative nourishment . Mulder . Yeah . If it finds a new host ... I know , Scully , it could multiply . Agent Mulder ! Linesman spotting something down in a section of pipe . Where ? Here . That 's near where we found the first body . Right , except this is an old overflow system that dumps into the harbor during heavy rainfall . That must be where it got into the system . It 's working its way back out to sea . That 's the overflow pipe . It leads to another vault like this one , then about three-quarters of a mile to the sea . Let 's see if we can get that gate closed . It 's rusted in position . See if I can get some leverage here . Hey ! Oh , damn it ! You all right ? Yeah , yeah . I lost my ... Give me your hand ! Get me out of here ! Grab it ! We need some help down here ! Hey ! Hey . I 'll get you out of here . Hold on ! Hold on ! You all right ? Is this seat taken ? No , but I should warn you , I may reek a bit of the sewer . I 'll take my chances . You talked to Skinner yesterday . " Success in our work is imperative , Scully . Reinstatement of the X Files must be undeniable . " That came from Skinner ? No . We have a friend in the FBI . I thought you might be interested in the lab results on the biology of the fluke larva . Dissection and analysis indicates reproductive and physiological cross-traiting resulting in a sort of quasi-vertebrate human . Human ? Yes , but still capable of spontaneous regeneration like any fluke or flatworm . How does that happen ? Radiation . Abnormal cell fusion . The suppression of natural genetic processes . Mulder , nature didn 't make this thing . We did . I know these . These are from Chernobyl . That creature came off of a decommissioned Russian freighter that was used in the disposal of salvage material from the meltdown . It was born in a ... in a primordial soup of radioactive sewage . You know , they say three species disappear off the planet every day . You wonder how many new ones are being created . I made this !
