 God ... What are you doing to Barnett ? Excuse me ? What are you doing to Johnny ? Go on back to your ward . There 's nothing you can do for your friend now . What ? John Barnett is dead . No , I heard him screaming . I said John Barnett is dead . You understand ? Go on , Crandall . Get out of here . There 's nothing more to see here . You understand ? I still don 't get it . What does this have to do with us ? Robbing a jewelry store is a Federal crime . Thank you . I don 't know ; I got a call from some guy I used to work with over at the Violent Crime Section . Said it was important . Reggie , Reggie . Mulder ... I hate it when you do that . This is Special Agent Scully . Reggie Purdue . How are you ? What happened here ? Lone gunman took out a salesgirl after she filled up a bag for him . You guys turn up anything ? Not much ... except ... this . It 's going to blow your mind . Why ? I 'm telling you , Mulder , this is going to blow your mind . What is it ? Wait a second . You see why I called you ? What about witness descriptions ? White male , 5 ' 11 " to 6 ' , ski mask . Damn it , Reggie , that 's Barnett . Yeah . But it can 't be . Who 's Barnett ? It was my first case at the Bureau . Barnett was doing armed jobs all over DC , and getting away with it ... very trigger happy . Killed seven people . There was this big task force . Reggie was my ASAC . I was 28 years old , right out of the Academy . I had this theory on the case . Reggie thought I was full of it . I was full of it . What was the theory ? That Barnett had an inside connection . An employee at the armored car company was tipping him off about large shipments of cash . Turns out I was sort of right . Sort of ? Yeah , we planted bogus waybills ... manifests with the armored car company to try to set a trap but Barnett was way ahead of us . That 's when the notes started . " Fox can 't guard the chicken coop . " Clever , huh ? So , you never caught him ? No , we did . We did , but not , uh , not clean . An agent died because I screwed up . And what happened to Barnett ? He avoided the death penalty on a technicality , but he went down for every job he did . Consecutive terms ... 340 years . The judge promised me he would die in prison . So you think he escaped ? No , that 's just it . He did die in prison , four years ago . You 're sure ? I was paying attention . This guy a friend of yours ? Yeah . I play golf with him every Sunday . What do you think ? You just brought this in ten minutes ago . You 're slipping , Henderson . Ten minutes may be enough time for you , Mulder . Of course , I wouldn 't know that from personal experience . Yeah ... Seriously , what do you think ? Okay , first impressions : The ink is fresh , the note was written in the last 48 hours ... ballpoint , but you knew that . A right-hander . Let 's see ... Written by someone sitting down . But now I 'm just showing off . Yeah , does it match Barnett ? I 'd say it 's him . But you 're not sure ? 95 % . The writing 's sloppy . Some of the ascenders and descenders are heavier . Could it have been traced over an old note of Barnett 's ? Could be , but it 's a damn good job if it is . Thanks , Henderson . I owe you one . Promises , promises . There 's Barnett . We staked out an airport warehouse but everything went to hell when Barnett took the driver of the armored truck hostage . Where 's Mulder ? There , coming around back . Barnett doesn 't see him . He 's got a clear shot . Yeah , he should have taken it . But he couldn 't . No , no , not with a hostage so close . Because it 's not by the book . It would have saved one life , maybe two . Bastard Barnett just started blasting away . So Mulder did shoot Barnett . Twice , in the shoulder and hand , but not before Barnett killed the driver and Agent Steve Wallenberg . Mulder never forgave himself for that . You should have heard his testimony at Barnett 's trial . Probably had a lot to do with the sentence the judge gave Barnett . I 'll never forget Mulder coming down from the witness stand and Barnett turning and saying he 'd get Mulder . To tell you the truth , I wish Mulder had killed Barnett right there in the warehouse . What did Henderson come up with ? 95 % sure it 's Barnett 's handwriting . What 's that ? Federal Bureau of Prisons sent me a copy of his death certificate . " Name of deceased : Barnett , John Irvin . " Cause of death : cardiac arrest . Date : September 16 , 1989 . " It must be a clever copycat . The note was written in the last 48 hours . - Pull any prints ? - No prints . Barnett had a lot of time on his hands while he was in prison . Maybe he planned it with someone on the outside . Revenge from the grave ? That 'd be a neat trick . He planned to get you , didn 't he ? I was just down talking to Agent Purdue . Yeah ? He show you the videotape ? You did the right thing , Mulder . Did I ? Steve Wallenberg had a wife and two kids . One of his boys is an all-star on his football team now . I pulled that trigger two seconds earlier and Wallenberg would be here to see his kid play . Instead , I got some dead man robbing jewelry stores and sending me haikus . Down ... set ... hup ! Let 's go ! Let 's go now ! Fire it in there ! Yeah , that 's better ! - Good pass ! - Very good ! Way to go , Alex ! Hustle it up ! Come on , guys ! Line it up ! Let 's go ! Down ! Set ! Hup ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Go hard ! Find your man ! There it is ! Let 's play ! Let 's get on the line , let 's go ! Block him ! I 'll get you , you son of a bitch ! I 've been thinking about it , Mulder and I think that somebody is messing with your head . Barnett said he 'd get me . You were there . I don 't care what Barnett said ; he 's dead , Mulder . Apparently not . Aw , come on . Let me tell you something : There are a lot of guys who know that Barnett made the threat . It 's Barnett , Reggie . How can you say that ? I don 't know . I just feel it . You know , all this talk around here about Spooky Mulder ... I never used to pay it much mind . I figured it was just talk about how paranoid you were and all . And now ? Remember the day you walked into my office wet from Quantico ? You pissed me off just looking at you but then I saw how your mind worked . How you were always three jumps ahead . It was scary , Mulder . Everybody said so . I 've heard this story . Yeah , well , maybe you ought to hear it again . You let a lot of people down here in the Bureau . They had big plans for you . A lot of people are saying that Spooky Mulder has become an embarrassment ; a liability . What ? Are you saying that somebody from the Bureau 's behind this ? Maybe , maybe not . It 's always best to cover your ass in any event . Sorry . This was just faxed . It 's a copy of John Barnett 's last will and testament . No surviving relatives . Left what little he had to another prisoner ... a Joe Crandall ... and instructions for his body to be cremated . His will was executed six months after his death , and this document states that his ashes were spread along the bank of the Delaware River by an employee of the crematory used by the prison . It 's like I said . I think somebody 's messing with your head . Killing a sales clerk just to leave me a note ? I 'd say that 's going a little out of your way . He 's older now . He may have put on some weight . How much older ? Five years . He could be wearing any kind of disguise . Take us back to the day in question . Was it your impression , Agent Mulder , that John Barnett took a kind of a perverse pleasure in his crimes ? Didn 't he send you notes to taunt you ? Yes . I felt that he was daring us to catch him . That he killed his victims almost as if it were part of a game . Describe for the court , if you would , Agent Mulder , what happened when you finally caught John Barnett . We had a Customs warehouse at the airport staked out . We knew that Barnett had someone working for the armored car transport tipping him off about large cash shipments , but we never figured that he would actually be inside the vehicle when it arrived . That 's how Barnett was able to take the driver of the vehicle hostage . In other words , John Barnett used his own accomplice as a hostage ? Yes , ma 'am . And then what happened ? We surrounded Barnett . We ordered him to surrender his hostage and his weapon . And where were you at this time , Agent Mulder ? I was right behind Barnett . With a clear shot at the suspect ? Yes , ma 'am . But you didn 't fire . Why ? No . It 's against FBI regulations to unnecessarily endanger the life of a hostage and I thought that with no means of escape , Barnett would give up . But what happened instead ? The suspect ... uh , John Barnett , fired his weapon point-blank at his hostage and then he turned his gun on Steve Wallenberg ... shot him in the face . Thank you , Agent Mulder . No further questions at this time . He gunned him down just for spite . - Your Honor , we object ! - The witness will step down He was a man with a wife and two small children - Sir , please step down . - and you you shot him without hesitation , without conscience , without an ounce of humanity , - Your Honor , do something ! - which is why you should die like an animal , - Agent Mulder , if you do not stop , - you son of a bitch ! I will find you in contempt of court ! Order ! Order in the court ! If there is not order in this court , I will be forced to clear the courtroom ! Your Honor , this testimony is highly irregular and inflammatory against my client . I ask that it be stricken from the record . Duly noted , Counselor . The jury will disregard ... I 'll ... get ... you . I 'll need printouts of every variation . Right . I just got off the phone with the prison . What did they come up with ? No , I called them on a hunch . John Barnett died of a heart attack , right ? At least that 's what it says on his death certificate . Well , I had them fax me all of his medical records . Barnett was admitted to the prison infirmary for an infection in his right hand . There isn 't any indication or diagnosis of coronary complications . In fact , on his physical , six months earlier , he was given a clean bill of health . Crandall , someone to see you . I don 't get many visitors . You knew John Barnett ? Yes , sir . How well did you know him ? Excuse me , ma 'am . Pretty well . He left you everything he had , in his will . You must have known him better than pretty well . Used to change his bandages , and we just got to ... know each other . Are you aware that Barnett died of cardiac arrest in this facility , in 1989 ? Cardiac arrest ? Where does it say that ? On his death certificate . He ain 't dead , is he ? Why do you say that ? Last time I saw John Barnett , it was right in that room over there . Doctor working on him with a knife took his bad hand clean off . What doctor ? Was it Dr. Ridley ? Yeah , yeah , it was Dr. Ridley . That 's the one . He told me Johnny was dead but , uh ... I knew it was a lie . Put a knife right up under my chin just for asking . How could you tell Barnett wasn 't dead ? I saw him looking at me . I saw him blink . I 'll never forget those eyes . What are you going to do ? I know what I 'm not going to do . I 'm not going to hang around and wait for Barnett to send me another valentine . You mean the ghost of John Barnett . I didn 't know you believed in ghosts , Scully . Hello ? Yeah , just a minute . It 's for you . Mulder . Fox Mulder . Barnett ? I 'll run a trace . You sound surprised . Well , you know , shouldn 't I be ? You know , it 's illegal to tape another 's phone call without their express permission . Isn 't that what they call it ? In some states . What makes you think I 'm taping you ? Same thing makes me think you 're putting a trace on this call . What state are you in ? Same state you are . I stood next to you in line for coffee this morning . I don 't think so . Man , I 'm everywhere you are . Everywhere . I own you . How do I know it 's really you , Barnett ? What did I say to you in the courtroom ? Did you ever doubt me ? I don 't know ... what did you tell me in the courtroom ? If you think you 're going to keep me on this phone with this clumsy act ... Listen , by all accounts , John Barnett is a dead man . Oh , you 're the dead man , Mulder . Fine . I just need confirmation that you are who you say you are . You want confirmation ? You got it . Barnett ? You there ? You lost him . Yeah , he was hip to the trace . Was it Barnett ? John Barnett was from New Hampshire . He had a slight accent . Listen to this . Fine . I just need confirmation that you are who you say you are . You want confirmation ? You got it . What did he mean by that ? I don 't know , but that is John Barnett . I 'm sure of it . Oh ... Yeah . Reggie , it 's Mulder . Mulder , what do you want ? It 's the middle of the night . It 's only 10 : 45 , Reggie . Yeah , well , I was sleeping . Listen , Reggie , it doesn 't look like Barnett 's dead after all . Now what ? I got an inmate at the prison who swears he saw Barnett alive the night they say he died . Mulder , go home . Get some rest . No , listen , Reggie , there 's just one thing that doesn 't make sense to me . Yeah , what 's that ? Agent Henderson said that that note that was left at the jewelry store was written by a right-hander . Yeah , so ? Well , this inmate at the prison he swears he saw Barnett 's right hand amputated . Reggie , you there ? Hey , Reggie ! Reggie ? What 's going on ? Are you there ? What the hell 's going on , Reggie ? Reggie ! What happened ? Hey , Reggie ! Reggie ? What 's going on ? Are you there ? What the hell 's going on , Reggie ? Hope you guys brought your fine-tooth comb . I want every piece of lint collected and analyzed . If nothing turns up , run it through again . Mulder ... His wife died of cancer six years ago . Never liked to talk about it . As long as I knew him , he was working on a mystery novel . He promised to show it to me once , but he never did . Think he was afraid I wouldn 't like it . I 'm probably the only guy on the Bureau he trusted enough to even ask . I 'm sorry . I 'm just thinking how different things would 've been if I would have taken that shot at Barnett when I had it . Mulder ... we 're still not 100 % sure that this is him . Fresh ink , slightly smeared . I hate to tell you , and I 'm not known to be wrong about these things but this note was most certainly written by a right-handed person . You see the pressure points inside the pen grooves ? It 's a dead giveaway . Mm . Would you be able to tell if this note was written by somebody using a prosthetic hand ? Well , this fellow ... and I 'm assuming from the cursive figures here that it is a male suspect ... he has a fairly nice , fluid style . Judging from the pressure variations in the connectors ... this person would need good finger dexterity . You 're not going to get that with a prosthesis . So you think it 's the same person that wrote the first note . Uh-huh . This the guy you think killed Agent Purdue ? Yeah . You know what occurred to me ? You never got any prints off those notes . If this guy was wearing a glove on his pen hand , the note wouldn 't be smeared like it is . For what it 's worth . I was just trying to find you . Listen to this : According to the AMA , Dr. Ridley ... who signed Barnett 's death certificate ... hasn 't officially been a doctor since 1979 . What do you mean ? His membership expired and wasn 't renewed after the state of Maryland revoked his medical license for flagrant research malpractice and misuse of a government grant . Where does it say that ? Right here , in the Federal Journal for the National Institute of Health . What kind of research ? He was conducting experiments on young children afflicted with a disease called progeria . The patient you see is an eight-year-old girl suffering from the advanced stages of progeria . She looks about 90 . Only about 100 cases have ever been reported , so the disease is rare . But fatal . Some progeria patients make it to early adulthood but others become terminal at age seven or eight . What 's the cause of death ? Clinically , it 's cardiac or cerebral vascular disease but actually , these poor kids die of old age . Is that Dr. Ridley ? Yes , in 1974 . Joe Ridley thought that he could take their accelerated aging and slow it down . Initially , some of his lab work was promising but then things got out of control . He wanted to begin human trials . Why wasn 't he allowed to ? Because he hadn 't met the criteria . It was all too hypothetical , too dangerous . I mean ... I knew Joe Ridley . He didn 't care about those kids . He talked about them as if they were laboratory animals . This terrible disease , progeria he saw it as a " wonderful opportunity . " He used those exact words with me once . An opportunity to " unlock all the secrets . " When they refused to allow the human trials , he became enraged . Do you know what they called Joe Ridley behind his back ? What ? Doktor Mengele . So , how did Dr. Ridley eventually lose his medical license ? He went ahead with the human trials secretly , on an out-patient basis . When we learned about it , of course , we terminated his grant and filed charges with the state medical boards . I 'm afraid your colleague Dr. Ridley has dropped off the face of the earth . Yeah . Although it 's rumored he went to South America to continue his work . You don 't just reverse aging . Ridley 's found a way . Listen to what you 're saying . He wanted human research subjects , right ? Prisoners ... prisoners like John Barnett . Mulder , it 's science fiction . Well , what would you have said 20 years ago about gene splicing , DNA fingerprinting cloning , artificial intelligence ? Maybe we 're not looking for a man in his late 40s , after all . Maybe John Barnett has found the perfect disguise ... youth . I want to age him backwards now . Let 's start with ten years . Now five years more . And add 20 pounds . A healthy 20 pounds . Ridley 's notes from the human trials at NIH indicate he didn 't see aging as inevitable but as an opportunistic disease ... a disease that could be prevented , reversed even , by changing the chemical cues that trigger certain genes . However , there is no evidence whatsoever that Ridley 's work yielded any results or that his theories ... all hope to the contrary ... hold any validity . According to the leading scientific journals , projections on this kind of genetic engineering are at best speculative and futuristic . Who is it ? Dr. Joe Ridley . If you 're really Dr. Joseph Ridley , where have you been for the past five years ? I originally continued my research in Mexico , but for the last three years , I spent my time in Central America . In Belize to be exact . What about Barnett ? John Barnett is the only patient left . The only one who survived the experiments . What about you ? My appearance is deceiving . I have no more than a month to live as I am dying from a rare cerebral vascular disease . The same disease that kills the kids suffering from progeria ? That 's right . An unfortunate side effect of the treatment . By using the genetic components of progeria , I was able to reverse the aging process in much the same way the disease expedited it . At the same time , I and my patients became genetically susceptible to the same ailments a child of six or eight would , if he had the disease . And what about Barnett ? John Barnett . If I didn 't so personally detest the man , I might call him my one triumph . Barnett 's not dying ? Only his eyes , which for some reason do not respond to the gene therapy . Otherwise , John Barnett appears to be thriving . But how ? I varied Barnett 's treatment . Once I isolated the progeria receptors I stumbled on something quite unexpected ... these same genes related to the production of myelin . The material that insulates neurons in the body . Yes . You see , myelin is not present in the very young and by reversing the effects of aging , I found with Barnett I was able to regulate the production of myelin , myelin being the material that prohibits you or I from , say , regenerating a new hand if we were to have ours cut off . You were able to grow John Barnett a new hand ? Not exactly . Not a human hand , anyway . I could never get the cells to divide or behave properly . I 'm afraid to ask . What kind of hand did you grow ? There had been some successful work done in London . By taking samples of what we call cell morphogens from an amputated salamander arm and applying them to the back of the creature , they were able to grow a new limb on a completely different part of the body ... but only on salamanders . Until John Barnett . Yeah . Unbelievable . My work has cost me dearly . I 'm an outcast in the medical community . I was called Dr. Mengele , Dr. Frankenstein , but I didn 't care . Because you knew that if your theories panned out ... The man who owns the fountain of youth controls the world . When the AMA censured me , certain sponsors came out of the woodwork . One of them is the U.S. government . They financed your research ? You might be more surprised to learn just how high up the ladder this dirty little secret goes . I know why you 've contacted me . Listen and I 'll explain . I am not particularly proud of the way in which this matter was handled , but , uh , like it or not , John Barnett is a fact of life . I wish Agent Purdue were around to appreciate the irony . The government knew full well that Barnett was in the country . You , of course , know that Barnett stole all of Ridley 's research . Yes , Ridley knows ... Well , what Ridley doesn 't know is that our government is bargaining with Barnett to buy it from him . What does he want ? A lot of money , immunity , safe haven . Will he get it ? He holds all the cards . You 're aware that this freak of science you 're negotiating with is a murderer ? The information he has ... could change the course of mankind . Consider the options . I will . Hi . This is Dana Scully . Please leave a message after the tone . Retrieving messages . Hi , Dana , it 's Mom . I just wanted to call and say hi . Uh , give me a call whenever . Okay , hon . Bye-bye . Hi , Dana , it 's Kathy . Look , I still hope you 're still gonna meet me before my cello recital ... What 's that ? It 's my private answering machine . Or at least it used to be . What do you mean ? When I ran from the shower this morning , I heard someone dialing in my private code and replaying my messages . Last night , before Dr. Ridley arrived I could have sworn there was someone in my apartment . But when Ridley knocked , I thought I 'd mistaken the noise for him . Scully ... This morning , I took this down to Prints before I came here . John Barnett 's left index oblique is on the underside of this unit . Mulder . Barnett ? Your new friend Ridley ... don 't grow too fond of him , huh ? He 's going to die soon , like the rest of your friends . The rest of my friends ? One by one . You 're not that smart . So tell me , you 're not going to make me prove it to you again , are you ? Oh , well , no matter . It will be your turn soon enough . But you won 't get that chance . Oh , no ? Who 's going to stop me , huh ? Man , this is ... this is the land of the free ! Well , I 'm just checking in . Bye . For now . What does Barnett know about what 's on your messages ? Uh , that my mother called for no reason and I 'm meeting a friend before her cello recital . Where 's that ? Before the performance and during , we 're working at a disadvantage because we don 't know exactly what Barnett looks like . Study each of these faces . Know them , particularly the eyes . I 'm including a diagram of the theater . You have six front entrances and four more backstage . We know that if he shows , he 'll be keying on Scully so wherever she is , she should not leave your sight . We 've got two hours before the performance . Know this place inside and out . We don 't want any shots fired , if we can help it . We want to take Barnett alive , okay ? How you feeling ? It 's the first time I 've ever played the target . Let 's make sure it 's not the last time . Gun ! Down ! Check her out . Stay back , Mulder ! Shut up ! Back off , back off . Don 't even think about it . Just let her go . Go ahead , go ahead and shoot . Go ahead , man . Shoot , Mulder . What are you afraid of , huh ? What , it 's against regulations , huh ? No , man . You need me alive , don 't you ? 'Cause I 'm the only one who knows where the research is , huh ? I could shoot her ... and you just have to live with it , don 't you , huh ? Shut up ! Please , no . How about it , Mulder ? Please , please . Just like old times , huh ? Huh ? Call an ambulance ! - I 'll do it ! - Right ! You hear me ? It 's okay , Scully , an ambulance is on the way . Mm ... You all right ? Don 't try to move . Barnett , where are they ? Can you hear me ? Barnett ! Where ? Where 'd you hide them ? Come on ... How you feeling ? Like somebody kicked me in the ribs . That bullet went through eight layers of Kevlar . You 're lucky to be alive . What about him ? They flew in three specialists to try to save his life . That guy in the ugly suit , there , is probably CIA . He 's been trying to talk to him . Is Barnett conscious ? Yeah , but he 's not talking . Mulder , I know what you did wasn 't by the book . Tells you a lot about the book , doesn 't it ? Barnett ! Barnett , come on ! Barnett ... Shock him ! Now ! Nothing here . Nothing here ... stand clear . They lost him . Bastard 'll take that research with him to the grave . Where do you think it is ? Who knows ? If Barnett didn 't destroy it , he could 've stashed it anywhere ... which would have a certain cruel irony , wouldn 't it ? Scientific knowledge that could change the course of mankind , buried out in a field somewhere . Or sitting in some safe deposit box , getting old just like the rest of us . If he didn 't destroy it , chances are that , somehow , someday , somebody will find it . And when they do , maybe he didn 't get his revenge from beyond the grave , but somehow , I feel like we haven 't heard the last from John Barnett .
