 Oh , man . This is Southern Crescent to Red Crescent . We 've got a downed plane at camp perimeter . Southern Crescent , this is Red Crescent . That 's a negative . We have nothing in the sky at this time . Well , we got something down here . Advise medevac unit to be on standby . We 're going to check it out . Roger . Medevac 1 , Medevac 1 , this is Red Crescent downed aircraft in their area . Over . From Opryland , it 's The Grand Ole Opry on WSM Radio 650 , brought to you by Goody 's Headache Powder . When the night 's been too long and the party 's been too hearty , Goody 's Headache Powder will straighten you right out , and you have my word on that . Goody ... It was , it was cigar-shaped , red and green lights , fast as hell . I seen three of ' em flying over Chester County . Right , right , six troopers were chasing ' em down 22 . Whoa , I see one now . It 's over the water tower . I see it , too . Red and green lights just like you said . From the trucker 's description , the shape he fired upon could conceivably have been a mountain lion 's . Conceivably . The National Weather Service last night reported atmospheric conditions in this area which were possibly conducive to lightning . Possibly . It is feasible that the truck was struck by lightning , creating the electrical failure . It 's feasible . And you know there 's a marsh over there . Those lights the driver saw may ... have been swamp gas . Swamp gas ? It 's a natural phenomenon in which phosphine and methane rising from decaying organic matter ignite , creating globes of blue flame . Happens to me when I eat Dodger Dogs . How can a dozen witnesses , including a squad of police vehicles in three counties , become hysterical over swamp gas ? I 've investigated multiple sightings before . Chesapeake Bay , the Okoboji Lakes , Area 51 in Nevada . None had this much supporting evidence . Anecdotal data , exhaust residue , radiation levels five times the norm . Mulder , none of that evidence is conclusive . The only question for me is , why was the truck driver singled out ? Isn 't it more plausible that an exhausted truck driver became swept up in the hysteria and fired upon hallucinations ? I mean , after all , the road can play tricks on you . Yeah , it can play tricks on you . But not like this . I started these stopwatches at the same time . I don 't know why they 're holding me . This " firing a weapon on a county road " charge is a lot of horse manure . I 'm a vet and I know how to handle a gun . Mr. Ranheim , I 'd appreciate it if you could elaborate on the report you filed last night regarding your encounter . It was round like a saucer . And green and orange lights . Last night you said it was cigar-shaped and black . I didn 't ask for this to happen . All I want is to deliver my shipment of auto parts and forget ... Pardon me for asking , but how long have you had that cough ? Why ? I 'm just concerned . You said you were a veteran . What 's that got to do with this ? The cough , the fever , the rash . Those are all symptoms of Gulf War Syndrome . I was never in the Gulf War . Okay . So , how long have you not been yourself ? Since the thing last night . Mr. Ranheim , I 'm Police Chief Rivers . Please forgive the misunderstanding . Your truck 's been squared away . You may go . I 'd like to examine the truck . That won 't be necessary . This man has had an alleged close encounter . The truck undoubtedly contains important trace evidence . Sir , if I may ... You 've gotten all you 're going to get out of this county . We will no longer cooperate in your investigation . Why ? Just ... go away . Not ... not here . It 's obvious someone got to the police chief . Ranheim was hiding something . Ranheim was sick . He only became sick last night . Excuse me , could I use your pen ? Mm-hmm . What are you suggesting , that Gulf War Syndrome is caused by UFOs ? UFOs are frequently witnessed by soldiers during wartime . Thanks . - Here you go . - Oh , thank you . Mulder , the only UFOs that soldiers are likely to see are secret military aircraft . Well , what if that 's what made the soldiers in Iraq sick ... the exhaust or fuel of a classified aircraft or its weapon ? Well , there is a base in Little Rock . You think that 's what the air force was flying that night ? They 'd deny it , but it could possibly explain how Ranheim developed his symptoms . Possibly . I want to talk to some people when we get back to Washington . Mulder , the military isn 't going to talk about classified info . No , these guys are like an extreme government watchdog group . They publish a magazine called The Lone Gunman . Some of their information is first-rate ... covert actions , classified weapons . Some of their ideas are downright spooky . Check it out , Mulder , I had breakfast with the guy who shot John F. Kennedy . Is that so ? Old dude now , but yeah . Says he was dressed as a cop on the grassy knoll . And , Mulder , listen to this . Vladimir Zhirinovsky , the leader of the Russian Social Democrats ... he 's being put into power by the most heinous and evil force of the 20th century . Barney ? The CIA . Hmm . Is this your skeptical partner ? She 's hot . You don 't believe that the CIA , threatened by a loss of power and funding because of the collapse of the Cold War , wouldn 't dream of having the old enemy back ? I think you give the government too much credit . I mean , the , the government can 't control the deficit or manage crime . - Lone Gunman . - What makes you think they can plan and execute such an elaborate conspiracy ? She is hot . Settle down , Frohike . We 're not talking about a bunch of idiots up on the Hill trying to bone the Capitol pages . We 're talking about a dark network ... a government within a government controlling our every move . - How can they do that ? - How ? I 'll show you how . You got a $ 20 bill ? Hmm . I 'll check . Mm-hmm . Uh-huh . Hey ! That 's just one method . They use this magnetic strip to track you . Whenever you go through a metal detector at an airport , they know exactly how much you 're carrying - and where you 're carrying it to . - Hey , Byers , it is a federal crime to deface money . - The strip is an anti-counterfeiting measure . - How come it 's on the inside ? Other countries put that strip on the outside . - What are they hiding ? - O-O-O-Okay , all right . What do you know about the Gulf War Syndrome ? Agent Orange of the ' 90s . Artillery shells coated with depleted uranium . Have you heard of any classified planes being flown during the Persian Gulf War ? Why would you need to expose a secret plane to an air force that runs to Iran whenever you take to the air ? What about UFO activity during that period ? Yeah . UFOs caused the Gulf War Syndrome . That 's a good one . That 's why we like you , Mulder . Your ideas are weirder than ours . Those were the most paranoid people I have ever met . I don 't know how you could think that what they say is even remotely plausible . I think it 's remotely plausible that someone might think you 're hot . Did you see the way they answered the telephone ? They probably think that every call they get is monitored and they 're followed everywhere they go . It 's a form of self-delusion . It makes them think that what they 're doing is important enough that somebody would ... What 's the matter ? Hello . Pitchers and catchers report for spring training this week . Yeah , what are we doing here ? Missed your calling , did you , Mr. Mulder ? Yeah , maybe this year we can catch a game at Camden Yards . Of course we wouldn 't be able to sit together . That 's too bad . Something tells me you 'd have the connections to get great seats . Yeah , any park in the country . It 's just a tourist . In our line nothing is just what it seems . What am I onto ? We go down to investigate a truck driver 's encounter with a UFO , and the next thing , we 're discovering electronic surveillance equipment . Who 's listening to us ? Why won 't you tell me ? What am I onto ? A dangerous path . The truck is bogus and so is the truck driver Ranheim . First I checked his manifest . It listed a truck carrying 108 cartons of auto parts , weighing 3,100 pounds . Then I checked with three weigh stations along his route , and they have it listed at 5,100 pounds . There 's something in that truck , Mulder , and it 's not auto parts , and of course nobody ever reported him . Furthermore , Ranheim lied to us about being in the Gulf War . His real name is Frank Druce ... and I worked hard to get this one . He was Special Operations Black Beret in Mosul , Northern Iraq . Also , he didn 't get sick from the encounter the other night . He 's been to the V.A. hospital for treatments three times in the past year . We had it . We had it and we let it go . Four days ago an Iraqi Air Force pilot shot down an unidentified flying object . The wreckage and possibly the occupants were recovered by the army . Ranheim the truck driver would be a perfect escort for the wreckage and / or bodies out of Iraq to a laboratory in the United States . That would explain why the truck weighs so much more than listed . The military has , in the past , transported dangerous materials and weapons in unmarked trucks across the country . I 'm beginning to sound like those guys over at The Lone Gunman , right ? Where did you obtain this information ? Let 's just say it 's a source with a deep background . I want to know all about him . All I know is that he 's guided us away from harm . How do you know that ? We work for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and we 're being bugged . What does that tell you ? That tells me that not everything is as it appears to be . Exactly , and for all we know , this deep background is the one responsible for the bug . He 's never lied to me . I won 't break that confidence . I trust him . Mulder , you 're the only one I trust . Then , you 're going to have to trust me . Did you find out where the truck is now ? Generally . It 's heading west , towards Colorado . Okay , we 've got to try to intercept it and see what 's on board . I 'm going to go pick up a few things . I 'll meet you back at your place in an hour , okay ? I cut the main breaker . You risked exposure coming here . What I have here is too important . The photograph in that envelope was taken by an officer at Fort Benning , Georgia . 17 UFOs were spotted in one hour . Is that where the Iraqi wreckage is being held ? Are UFOs monitoring the area ? Nice place you have here . Wait . Wait . I-I just wanted to take this opportunity to thank you . You 've helped my work so much and you 've never asked for anything in return , and , and I know you 've put yourself at great risk to do so . This is the best photographic evidence I have ever seen . When I first saw the Gulf Breeze photos , I knew they were a hoax , but this , this is the quality of evidence the government has amassed for decades at the highest classified levels . That business with the truck was just a decoy to keep anyone looking closely away from Fort Benning , where they are keeping the remains of the Iraqi UFO . We 've got to leave for Georgia immediately , Scully , come on . Mulder , this photograph is a fake . What ? Look . This soldier 's shadow is allegedly created by the lights from the UFO , but it falls in a direction contradictory to the craft 's position . There could be an off-camera light source creating that shadow . Now , look closely at the color of the light reflected in the windshield . Now , that reflection should be from the red lights of the UFO , but it doesn 't match the color of the ship 's lights . There 's probably a degree of tint in the windshield , or the gradation could be attributed to atmospheric conditions . Mulder , we should have it analyzed . Why don 't you just admit it , Scully ? You 're determined not to believe him . Well , maybe you 're too determined to believe him . I am determined to follow a lead that may result in the proof of the existence of extraterrestrial biological entities . I need to go . - Mulder , listen to me . - No . Please , will you just hear me ? I have never met anyone so passionate and dedicated to a belief as you . It 's so intense that sometimes it 's blinding . But there are others who are watching you , who know what I know , and whereas I can respect and admire your passion , they will use it against you . Mulder , the truth is out there , but so are lies . Thank you . I had the photo analyzed by the Bureau 's computers . Initially it appears to be legitimate . The film grain matches in pattern and density , color levels , shading . Then I noticed this . It 's the moon , half full . I had the reflection in this window enlarged by 25 . There 's the moon again , a quarter full , not to mention the fact that the window couldn 't even catch the moon 's reflection from that angle . You were right , Scully , it 's a fake . He tried to deceive us . Now we 're alone on this . There 's no one we can trust . They went to a lot of trouble to put us on the wrong track . There 's something here that no one 's supposed to find . Why didn 't you leave for Fort Benning ? The photograph was a fake . Well , at least you 're not insulting me further by feigning appalled surprise . On the contrary , I think a compliment is in order . That photo was prepared by our very best . - I thought you were my ally . - Oh , I am . Yeah , imagine if Eisenhower told the rest of the Allies that D-day would take place in Belgium . Mr. Mulder , I place my life in great jeopardy every time we speak . I 've been a participant in some of the most insidious lies and witness to deeds that no crazed man could imagine . I spent years watching you from my , uh , lofty position to know that you were the one I could trust . Then , why did you lie to me ? I needed to divert you . You and Scully are excellent investigators , and your motives are just . However , there still exist some secrets which should remain secret ... truths that people are just not ready to know . Who are you to decide that for me ? The world 's reaction to such knowledge would be far too dangerous . Dangerous . You mean in the sense of outrage , like the reaction to the Kennedy assassination or M.I.A.s or radiation experiments on terminal patients , Watergate , Iran-Contra , Roswell , the Tuskegee experiments . Where will it end ? Oh , I guess it won 't end as long as ... men like you decide what is truth . That transcript you gave me of the Iraqi pilot ... that was the truth , wasn 't it ? Yeah . Why did you even bother to show it to me ? Well , I was aware that you were onto the truck , so I knew that , down the road , I would have to steer you away , that I would have to lie to you , and a lie , Mr. Mulder , is most convincingly hidden between two truths . Mulder . If a shark stops swimming , it will die . Don 't stop swimming . I 'm not responsible for the electronic surveillance , but I do know they can still hear you . Mulder . Are you home ? - Scully , hey , I 'm glad you dropped by . - Mulder ... I 've been thinking about this whole situation , you know , and I think you 're right . I think they won this one , I think we should just move on . I think this time you 're right , Mulder . All right , stick with him . Hey ! There you are , Ms. Scully , your round-trip ticket to Chicago . Here 's your credit card . And the plane departs at Gate 35 . I 'd also like a one-way ticket to Los Angeles with a stop in Las Vegas , and for that I 'll be paying cash . Called every weigh station and bureau office west of Colorado . Tied up an airphone for three hours . I don 't speak Japanese , but I think some businessman told me to stick a piece of sushi where the sun don 't shine . My ear 's numb from being on hold for so many hours . At least we can be sure they didn 't trace our call . I couldn 't find the truck . Did you have any luck ? Yep , it 's heading northwest on I-90 . We have to get a couple tickets to Seattle . Yeah , think about it . This truck drove across America . People it passed on the road probably thought it was hauling auto parts or furniture , you know , livestock , whatever . Nobody would have suspected it was hauling a craft from another world . Here we go . Mulder , we 've been following this truck for hours . Maybe he knows we 're following him and he 's taking an evasive route . Well , if that were the case ... You all right ? Yeah . Come on . Ranheim ! Ranheim ? Scully . Oh , my God . It was an extraterrestrial biological entity ... alive . Where did it go ? I think we were just witness to a rescue mission . God , Mulder , I can 't stop shaking . What just happened ... does it fit the profile ? Are you asking if it was real ? Did we just have a close encounter ? No , it was another hoax . But how could anyone generate such force ? Whatever they used , we probably haven 't heard of it . Sound weapons , stealth helicopters with an ultrahigh - intensity light . It doesn 't matter . There 's no evidence that this was a UFO . So they created this elaborate show just to deflect us again ? I mean , wouldn 't it have been easier for them just ... Just to kill us . Yeah , I 've wondered that myself . Maybe they 're using me against myself like you said before . That I want so badly to believe , that I 'd just accept the obvious conclusions and walk away . Well , now we have nothing to go on . No one to turn to . There 's still one player in all this who hasn 't lied to us , but it 's not quite someone we can turn to . Levering and Priest Rapids , east bank of the Columbia River . Did you send out a field investigator ? And you can substantiate the sighting ? Okay , Nick , thanks a lot . I 've contacted several organizations that have hotlines for UFO reports ... Center for UFO Studies in Chicago , MUFON , NICAP ... none of them have ever reported a week of such activity . It began in Tennessee where Ranheim was encountered . The sightings are following the path of the truck . And after last night 's hoax ... look at this . Seven sightings in Mattawa , Washington ... that 's 100 miles away . Aliens ? Looks like they want their colleague back . We 've driven full circle through Mattawa twice . There 's nothing here . What 's over there ? We have been waiting . Welcome to our home . We are willing to go with you . Ahh-doo-nay-vah-so-barahgahs . That 's an intergalactic space greeting . It means " Hello , space brothers . " Hello . What 's going on here ? A UFO party . You 've seen UFOs ? Last two nights . They 're drawn to our electric power . They hover over the power plant down there . Everyone , they are here . This is it . There 's Ranheim . This place has got to have the highest level of security . It 's just the kind of challenge they 're looking for . Who ? Lone Gunman . It 's Mulder . Turn the tape recorder off . Okay , it 's off . - Turn it off ! - It 's off already . How would you like to have on your front page the first substantiated photo of an extraterrestrial biological entity ? No way . An E.B.E. ? What do we have to do ? Just hack me some identification numbers . Braidwood and Stefoff . Personal identification number ? 7-5-9-3 . 5-3-1-1 . Open the trunk , please . Park in lot four . Thanks . Hey , wait ! Display these at all times . Proceed . Langly said he couldn 't gain access to Level 6 , so that 's where we ... We have to go back , we have to get through that door . We 're going to look suspicious going back . We have to find other access , then , come on . Mulder , they 're not going to let us . You folks come with me , please . Yeah , we 're lost , we 're just looking for ... we 're trying to ... Just proceed down the hallway . Yeah , if you could just help us ... Mulder , stop . We 're agents with the Federal Bureau of Investigation . I 'm reaching for my I.D. We 're here conducting an investigation . Proceed down the hallway , please . This is Level 2 to Level 6 . I have a male and a female who have identified themselves ... - Mulder ! - Stop ! Hold it ! - He 's in the stairs ! - Go , go , go ! Come on , guys . Aah ! Stay on top of him . Halt ! I said hold it ! Halt ! Let him go . Let him go . You 've done well . You 're dismissed . I know how badly , how ... very badly you want to look through that window , but it would be pointless . It 's dead . After the Roswell incident in 1947 , even at the brink of the Cold War , there was an ultrasecret conference attended by the United States , the Soviet Union , the People 's Republic of China , Britain , both Germanies , France , and it was agreed that , should any extraterrestrial biological entity survive a crash , the country that held that being would be responsible for its extermination . I , um ... have the distinction of being one of three men to have exterminated such a creature . I was with the CIA in Vietnam . A UFO was sighted for five nights over Hanoi . The marines shot it down and brought it to us . Maybe ... it didn 't know what a gun was or perhaps they don 't show emotion ... but that ... innocent and blank expression as I pulled the trigger has haunted me ... until I found you . That 's why I come to you , Mr. Mulder , and will continue to come to you to atone for what I 've done , and maybe sometime , through you , the truth will be known . You 're awfully quiet , Mr. Mulder . I 'm wondering which lie to believe .
