 We got a fire off County Road D-7 two miles west of the Canyon Ridge intersection . Suggest we dispatch fire crews . Over . This is Deputy Wright . Do you copy ? Son of a ... Sir ? Sorry to disturb you , sir , but we 've picked up an unidentified bogey . I think you should see the replay for yourself . It tripped the fence at 2317 , off the coast of Connecticut , sir . Initial trajectory was north by northwest . Then it started going crazy . What about other aircraft in the area , or missile testing ? Sir , no known aircraft can maneuver like this . Well , whatever it was , it dropped off the screen at 2418 , sir . Hit ground just west of Lake Michigan , outside Townsend , Wisconsin . The tracking and impact prediction team calculated impact at over 800 miles per hour . I 've instructed Chief Koretz to start her report right away . - Use these radar tapes to support ... - Negative . What she tracked was a meteor ... its aberrant movement was obviously due to instrument malfunction . But , sir ... Your report will reflect these facts . Is that clear ? Yes , sir . Good . Code Indigo Delta Echo Niner . I have a confirmed Fallen Angel in Sector 87 . Mobilize Operation Falcon immediately . Hello ? They will have no comment until the government investigation , now underway , is completed . Government officials remain vague about the toxic cargo that has caused the immediate evacuation of Townsend , Wisconsin 's 12,000 residents . Speculation here has centered on a shipment of toxic waste ... Then what happened out there , if it wasn 't a train wreck ? Mr. Mulder , the continental United States is surrounded by an electronic fence that reaches 15,000 miles into space . We use it to track and monitor the 7,087 man-made objects that orbit the Earth . Last night , at 2317 , that fence was breached . This morning , at 0100 , Operation Falcon went into effect , led by Colonel Calvin Henderson the Air Force 's reclamations expert . Reclamations ? During the Cold War , his job was to prevent technologies from downed U.S. aircraft from getting into Soviet hands . He 's part of a crash retrieval unit . Mm . Quick response . I 'd say you have ... 24 hours before the entire area is sanitized . After that , it would be like nothing ever happened . - Thank you , sir ! - Thank you . Let 's get ' er going ! Let 's go , let 's go ! All right , let 's move out ! The second roadblock needs to be in place and operational ! All right ! I 'll get right on it , sir ! All right , clear the road ! Got another one coming in ! Carter ! You 're late , Lieutenant . It 's gonna be dark in a half hour . We had a flat outside the perimeter , sir . There 's a general briefing at 2200 hours . We first go to headquarters for live rounds . Live rounds , sir ? You got a problem with that ? No , sir ! We were told this was just a drill . They told you wrong . Sir . Okay , everyone out ! Come on , people , light a fire ! Prepare your targets , Lincoln . You just made the worst mistake of your life , Agent Mulder . I think you knocked out a filling . I 'll see to it that you pay the price for putting my men at risk . Since when does taking pictures put anyone 's life at risk ? You violated a U.S. Government quarantine and that 's a Federal crime . That 's a quarantine ? Is that what you call this ? We 're trying to contain an ecological disaster . That 's a lot of firepower just to protect Mother Nature . I have my orders and the license to execute them as I see fit . I suggest you forget what you saw or what you think you saw ... for your own well-being . You 've got a downed craft in those woods , sir , and troops carrying live rounds . We both know what 's out there ! Come on , move it . That 's right , buddy , get going . Get in there . You MUFON or CUFOS ? Do you mind if I sit down ? Uh , let me guess . You 're with that new group , CSICOP , right ? Um , say no more . You 're a cautious man . Trust no one ... very wise . After what happened to JFK , I understand completely . Oh , let me introduce myself . My name is Max Fenig . I 'm with the National Investigative Committee of Aerial Phenomenon . NICAP . Uh , pleased ... pleased to make your acquaintance . I , uh , wish we could shake on it , you know . Firm grip , look right in the eye ... you learn a lot about a guy that way . Can I , um ... Can I ask you a question ? Go ahead . Did you see anything ? Did you get close ? Me , I saw nothing . I didn 't see anything ! Nada , zip . A hundred yards past the roadblock they nailed me . Have no idea how they did it . I 'm telling you , it 's like the Roswell cover-up all over again . What makes you so sure there 's something out there ? Same thing that makes you so sure ? I didn 't order room service . This isn 't funny , Mulder . Did you meet Max ? Who ? Max from NICAP . Oh . They must have released him . Another intrepid soul in search of a close encounter . Is that what this is about ? What else ? Try explaining that to Section Chief McGrath . He stepped over Blevins , ordering a full inquiry with a recommendation ... Mulder , he wants to shut down the X Files and he wants you out of the Bureau . What else is new ? I don 't understand you , Mulder ... why you 're always defying protocol , ignoring jurisdiction . Because I know what I saw , Scully . There weren 't train tracks anywhere near that site , so how could it have been a derailed container ? Because it wasn 't . What you saw was not a toxic spill . But it wasn 't a UFO , either . Okay , I 'm all ears . What was it ? It was a downed Libyan jet with a nuclear warhead . Over U.S. airspace ? They 've been picking up low-grade levels of radiation indicating that the plutonium casing may have cracked . So to avoid mass panic ... You really believe that story ? That story happens to be highly classified . A highly classified lie . They 're searching for someone , Scully . If they 're searching for anyone , it 's probably the pilot . Oh , you think they 'd roll out all this material for one Libyan fighter jock ? Besides , no human pilot walked away from the wreckage I saw . Well , maybe he ejected . Maybe . You can 't be serious . As long as we 're here in beautiful downtown Townsend , why not ? Mulder , the hearing is tomorrow morning at 10 : 00 . That gives us 24 hours to investigate . My assignment is to bring you back ... not to help you dig yourself in deeper . The Last Detail , starring Dana Scully . What 's going on ? Looks like housekeeping hasn 't been here yet . Who would ... ? Shh . Max ? Get your hands up ! Whoa , whoa , don 't shoot ! Don 't shoot ! Max ? My apologies . Forgive me , please . I 'm a curious man . I had to know . Know what ? If it was really you . But you don 't know me . Last night was the first time we laid eyes on each other . Not true ... we at NICAP have been following your career really closely ever since you became involved with X Files . Following my career ? How ? The Freedom of Information Act . Your travel expenses are a matter of public record . So this must be the enigmatic Agent Scully . How did you recognize me ? Well , I , uh , I saw your picture in a trade publication once and of course I read your article in Omni about the Gulf Breeze sightings . I published that under a pseudonym . M.F. Luder . I know . M.F. Luder is an anagram for F. Mulder . You really didn 't think that would fool us , did you ? I didn 't think anybody was paying attention . Somebody is always paying attention , Mr. Mulder . Amazing . Amazing ? Hardly . Hey , you want to see something amazing , come with me . Enigmatic Dr. Scully . This is my , uh ... Right this way . Excuse the mess . Okay . Where 's those , uh ... I 'm gonna turn this off . They were right here . Oh , here they are . Latest crop circle photos from Project Argus . Huh ? Your opinion ... fact or fraud ? Fraud . How do you explain the anomalous blisters on the plants ? Well , it 's either some unreported weathering effect common to wheat , or a systematic reaction by the plant tissue to being lodged in one position . I see you 've read the literature . I try to keep up . - And what about the ones ... - Max ... you said you had something to show us . Oh , yeah , yeah , yeah . The Wolf 's Ear 2000 . You ever hear of this ? Yeah . Wolf Industries supplies the CIA with all of its surveillance equipment . State-of-the-art search and intercept ... up to 100 channels per second . Currently , I 'm jacked into local fire and police departments , cellular phone pathways , and when the weather 's right , sometimes even air traffic control from Whitmarsh Air Force Base . What have you got , Max ? Mobile unit broadcast in scan mode ... Townsend Sheriff 's Department , two nights ago . We got a fire off County Road D-7 , two miles west of the Canyon Ridge intersection . Suggest we dispatch fire crews . Over . This is Deputy Wright . Do you copy ? And then this , 35 minutes later , presumably from the fire crew . Reception got wiggy for some reason . This is Unit 53 . Man down . Request medevac ! I said request medevac ! You 're breaking up ! Barely ... bad ... very bad . Wait a second . What the hell ? Charlie , we got a situation here ! We put up a tight net . Yes , sir , every inch of ground is being covered dug up , squeezed , and sifted . No , sir . It will not get away . Not this time . Mrs. Wright ? Hi , I 'm Fox Mulder , this is Dana Scully . We 're from the FBI . We 'd like to ask you a few questions about your husband . He 's dead . What else is there to know ? I 'm sorry about your husband . Oh , please . Mrs. Wright , we want to help you . Then leave me alone . Why won 't you let us help you ? I don 't know anything . Don 't you understand ? They won 't even release the body so I can give him a proper burial , okay ? The government can 't do that . I 'm sure if we appealed to ... No ! You can 't . You 're entitled to the truth . I can 't afford the truth . They said , if I spoke to anyone , they would withhold my husband 's pension , and I have a child to take care of . Picking up an extremely high frequency signal ... 200,000 megahertz . Sir , target on the northeast side . Foot speed ... seven miles per hour , sir . Beta team ... Copy . Target entering your section from the southwest . Search and destroy . Repeat ... search and destroy . Yes , sir . Jackson ? Nothing . Must have been an animal . I 'm sorry , but unless you have a subpoena , I can 't discuss patient information . Does that mean that Jason Wright was your patient ? It means I have nothing more to say about this . What about to his wife and child , Doctor ? Would you have anything to say to them ? Because whoever got to you also got to her . They must have made some pretty big threats . What 'd they hold over your head ... your medical license , the IRS ? I hate fascists . Excuse me ? The men who came in here ... the way they pushed us all around . Dr. Oppenheim , tell us about the deputy . You saw him that night , didn 't you ? Yes , and three others from a fire crew . They were all DOA with fifth - and sixth-degree burns over 90 % of their bodies , but they weren 't like any burns I 've ever seen , and they took the bodies away before we could perform any pathology . Did you note any cadaveric heat rigor or heat stiffening ? Yes , actually , there was quite a bit of flexion in the limbs . How do you know so much about it ? I did my residency in forensic medicine , so ... Dr. Oppenheim , in your opinion , could those burns have been caused by ionizing radiation ? Well , I hadn 't thought . I suppose it 's possible if the exposure was sufficiently intense . Code five . All available teams ... Let 's say those men died from radiation exposure . Couldn 't it have been from the cracked core of a nuclear warhead ? I 've read about these kinds of burns , Scully . Yeah , so have I ... in Hiroshima at ground zero . I 'm talking about close encounter mortalities . I have a stack of X Files reporting the same results . Mulder , I don 't claim to know all the answers , but if we don 't make the OPR inquest by tomorrow morning , there may not be any more X Files . Come on , man , hold on , hold on . Start an I.V. here , stat . Tell us what happened out there . Whatever happened , Mulder , it has nothing to do with you . Wrong , Colonel . We both want the same thing , only you want it dead . Can 't you see that by chasing it down like an animal , you leave it no choice but to defend itself ? How many more people have to die before you rethink your approach ? Listen to me 'cause I 'm not wasting another breath on this . If you and your partner aren 't out of here in 30 seconds ... Agent Scully stays right here . We 're undermanned , she 's a medical doctor ... she stays . If that 's okay with you . Of course . Doctor , if you don 't mind , you just take care of my men and let me do my work , okay ? Outside this emergency room , you can do whatever you want , but in here I call the shots ... assuming , of course , you want me to take care of your men . Get this man out of my sight . Yes , sir . Where do I scrub up ? Max . Hey , Max . Max . Hey ... Max . Who are ... who are you ? Max , it 's me , Fox Mulder . You okay ? What are you doing here ? You were having some kind of seizure . Seizure ? That 's impossible . You were lying on the floor unconscious , convulsing . That 's odd . I haven 't had an episode in seven years ... not since I went on medication . Let 's get you to the hospital . No . I mean , I mean , it 's not necessary . You sure ? Yeah , I lived with epilepsy all my life . I 'm not in any danger . Yeah , it started in South Dakota when I was ten . The doctor said I must have incurred a head injury . I don 't remember ever hitting my head . When you have a seizure , you have no memory of it ? When I was a kid , I used to wake up in strange places with no idea where I was or how I got there . Sorry , I ... I got to , I got to go to sleep . All right . Rough night , huh ? It was terrible . We lost all but two and they 're still in critical condition on their way to the burn unit at Johns Hopkins . So , what do you think , Scully ? What 's going on out there ? I don 't know , and under other circumstances I would like to find out , but we have a plane to catch in just over an hour . I want you to take a look at something first . What ? Max . There 's an unusual incision behind his left ear . I 've seen this incision twice before . Two women ... a thousand miles apart , no way of knowing each other , no relation . Both claim to have been abducted by aliens . Are you saying Max Fenig is an abductee ? Mulder , the man is taking powerful antipsychotic drugs . I saw them in his RV . They 're for his epilepsy . Not all of them . Dilantin is an anticonvulsant , but Mellaril is used exclusively to treat schizophrenia . More than likely , Max is delusional . You don 't seem to understand , Scully . Max doesn 't believe he was abducted by aliens . I believe he was . Now , could you at least take a look at the scar and give me your medical opinion ? Okay . You pack . I 'll take a look at Max on the way to the airport . Sir , I have flash traffic at 24-18 . Repeated calls for I.D. go unanswered , and it 's not in the orbital or suborbital inventory . 24-18 ... isn 't that where ... ? Same exact spot , sir , though I am reading a much larger craft this time . Meteor , Ms. Koretz . A much larger meteor , sir . Hold on a second . We have a confirm . Whitmarsh Air Force Base is tracking . Where is it ? Well , sir , the meteor seems to be hovering over a small town in Eastern Wisconsin . Come on , Mulder , let 's get this over with . Hey , Max . Max . Max ? Hey , Max . Max ? Mulder , look at this . What is that ? Blood ? Falcon Patrol reporting unidentified trespass . Repeat : Falcon Patrol reporting unidentified trespass at the waterfront ... dock seven . Mulder ! Come on . Where do you think you 're going ? Look , if we go to the airport right now , we might make the plane , which would at least give you half a chance of defending yourself . Think about it , Scully , Max is a gypsy , a nomad , right ? Yeah , so what ? So he intercepted Deputy Wright 's last call to his dispatcher , which means he was here in Townsend , Wisconsin the night of the crash . Of all the places he could have been , he was right here . Don 't you think that 's more than a coincidence ? If Max was abducted , that would go a long way to explaining his obsessions , and if we figured that out , you can be sure that Colonel Henderson has as well . Do you have the keys ? Don 't do this . Sir , we 've apprehended the target . It 's just a civilian . Negative , Falcon Patrol . Take him with extreme caution . They 're dead . It hurts . Stop . Why , why , why , why ? It hurts . Max ? It hurts , it hurts , it hurts . - Stop it . It hurts . - Max . It hurts , stop it , it hurts . It 's all right . Stop it ! It ... hurts . No , no , it 's me they ... they 're coming for me . No , I know that ... That 's why they 're here . They 're coming ... for me . It hurts . Keep ' em out there . Go , go , go ! Alpha team , secure the roof . Hold it right there . Put your hands up and come with us . Alpha team , ready on the roof . Roger , Alpha . Delta team , report . Delta team in position , sir . What are you doing ? You have a very sick man in there . We 're not in the hospital now , Dr. Scully . Omega team , report . Omega team in position . He 's a delusional schizophrenic . Keep her clear . Sir , this is Alpha team leader . I 'm picking up three forms inside the structure . Did you say three forms ? That 's affirmative . Two are proximate , the third approaching from 40 meters . All teams prepare for go in 30 seconds . Come on . Come on , Max . Why ... stop . Why ... I 'm here to help you . I 'm scared . I know . Don 't let them take me . I won 't let them take you . Come on , Max . Come with me . No ! Max ! Max ! Max ! Max ! Sir , this is Alpha team leader . Except for our men , I 'm only picking up one figure inside . I do not copy that . We indicate only one figure inside the building . What ? Blow the door . Where is he ? He 's gone . They got to him first . They beat us , Colonel . Arrest him . And keep looking . Agent Scully , to the best of your knowledge , was Agent Mulder ever assigned to investigate matters related to the evacuation of Townsend , Wisconsin ? No , sir . At any time , were you aware of his submitting a Form 302 requesting said assignment or travel expenses ? No , sir . While in Wisconsin , did Agent Mulder drive a blue Ford Taurus registered to the state car rental agency ? Yes , sir . Thank you , Agent Scully . Sir , request permission to make a statement . Request denied . Sir , it 's unfair to judge Mulder by the same criteria ... You 're dismissed , Agent Scully . But , sir , I ... That will be all . You hear that noise , Scully ? Hammer and nails . They 're building a gallows in the town square . Don 't worry . It was only a matter of time . I 'm surprised I lasted this long . Good luck . I 'll break a leg . As well as insubordination and misconduct . How do you respond to these allegations , Agent Mulder ? Over a dozen men lost their lives , and you want me to respond to issues of protocol ? You failed to obtain proper authorization for your actions . Because I knew it wouldn 't be forthcoming . You also violated a federal quarantine ... A cover-up was underway . ... exposing yourself and possibly others to toxic contamination ! Oh , toxic contamination ... are we back in that ? You read my report . Explain the disappearance of Max Fenig . Your report is not the subject of this inquiry . I have further evidence to support my conclusions . X rays taken while Mr. Fenig was institutionalized show an object lodged in his cerebellum . That is irrelevant , Agent Mulder . The man was abducted . We all know it , everybody in this room knows it . Colonel Henderson 's written testimony states that Fenig 's body was found two hours later in a cargo container . Then what can I say ? How can I disprove lies that are stamped with an official seal ? That will be all , Mr. Mulder . You can deny all the things I 've seen , all the things I 've discovered , but not for much longer , 'cause too many others know what 's happening out there , and no one ... no government agency ... has jurisdiction over the truth . Why did you countermand our decision ? Mulder 's conduct was in clear violation not only of Bureau procedures but of federal law . Yes . I don 't understand . The committee 's case was airtight . You 've ruined the last best chance we had to get rid of him . I appreciate your frustration , but you and I both know that Mulder 's work ... his , uh ... singular passion ... poses a most unique dilemma , but his occasional insubordination is in the end far less dangerous . With respect , sir , less dangerous than what ? Than having him exposed to the wrong people ... what he knows ... what he thinks he knows . Always keep your friends close , Mr. McGrath . But keep your enemies closer .
