 Hurry and get him out of there ! I need two men on the left side now ! Wait a second . Where are you going with him ? He 's dead . Well , there 's a woman over there who isn 't and she needs some oxygen . Sir , stay back ! Get on the horn . Let ' em know we can release the hook and ladder in five minutes . I want you to rise ! Rise up and heal ! What the hell are you doing ? Boy 's laying on hands . Rise up and accept the miracle - he 's given you . - Amen . Hallelujah . You don 't understand . The man 's dead . Then the boy can 't possibly do any harm , now , can he ? For this is the power of belief ... the power to separate the light from the darkness to create life from death . Amen . All right , everyone ! Show 's over ! Let 's clear the area ! Start getting that one into the back of the truck ! Hallelujah , son . Hallelujah . Oh , hallelujah ! Oh , yes ! Hallelujah . Yes , indeed , and praise God ! Yes ! Yes ! Yes ! I want everybody to say hallelujah ! Hallelujah ! Praise the Lord ! The woman on the table has a malignant tumor on her spine . This boy here is going to attempt to heal her by simply laying his hands on her . - Where did you get this ? - It came in from the regional office in Tennessee . The preacher 's name is ... Reverend Calvin Hartley . You 've heard of him . The boy is his adopted son , Samuel . He claims to have found him as an infant lying in the tall weeds on the banks of the muddy Mississippi . Did you know that he also claims the boy brought a man back from the dead ? It 's more than a claim . The man he saved appears as a regular attraction in the reverend 's tent ministry . The boy 's been performing miracles every week for the past ten years . Twice on Sunday . Well , not according to the Kenwood County Sheriff . Local authorities think that Reverend Hartley and his son are a scam . They 've been trying to shut them down for some time now , but without any luck , so they 've turned to the FBI to try and get a prosecution . - For what ? Fraud ? - No . Murder . Watch the tape . Lucy Kelly has the cancer . Her doctors say it is inoperable . They say it is incurable . But I say to you that what the doctors cannot cure , the Lord can . Amen ! Yes , indeed . Praise God . Because God ... can work ... miracles . The clear light of God 's healing love ... is flowing ... through Samuel 's healing hands . 20 minutes later , Lucy Kelly was rushed to the hospital . She was pronounced dead on arrival . What was the cause death ? I don 't know , but it wasn 't cancer . They 've requested someone with a medical background to assist local police in the investigation . I know this isn 't an X File ... When do we leave for Tennessee ? I think I saw some of these same people at Woodstock . Mulder , you weren 't at Woodstock . I saw the movie . You all right by yourself ? I 'll be fine . I won 't be long . Most of you here today , I know as neighbors and as cherished members of our Miracle Ministry . But , uh , some of you have come from far away ... as far away as Pensacola , Florida ... And Uniondale , Long Island ! Wayne Ashtown and his family . And it is especially to those of you who come from so far that I must apologize from the bottom of my heart ... because , unfortunately , Samuel cannot be here this afternoon . I know ... I know how very deeply disappointed each and every one of you must be feeling right now , but I say unto you , do not be dismayed . Do not despair ! Do not lose your hope ... because in two short days , Samuel will be back here at our very special Miracle Mission ! Yes , indeed , praise God . He will be back here ... Maybe we should head backstage and see what the reverend has to say . No , wait , wait . This is the part where they bring out Elvis . ... on the faithful , because as these blessed people up here are about to testify , Samuel can heal you . Yes , Samuel will heal you . But ... only if you believe . God bless you ! Reverend Hartley , we 're with the FBI . I see Sheriff Daniels has sent in the cavalry . We just want to talk to Samuel for a couple of minutes . - That 's all . - He 's not here . Well , where is he ? I don 't know . I haven 't seen him . The boy 's been a bit troubled lately . We 're running late , Reverend . If you 'll excuse me . Agent Mulder ? Yeah . Sheriff Daniels . - We spoke on the phone . - Oh , yeah . This is Special Agent Dana Scully . Right . You requested a copy of the coroner 's report . Right . Thank you . I see you folks got a chance to take in the holy roller sideshow . Something tells me you 're not a member of the Reverend Hartley 's flock . Well , I remember Hartley when he was a soapbox preacher collecting dollar bills in coffee cans . Since the boy joined the act , he 's got himself a Cadillac for every day of the week , bought for with money that should be used to improve our roads and schools . People want to believe , you know . 99 % of the people in this world are fools , and the rest of us are in great danger of contagion . Even if Hartley and Samuel are fakes , it 's still a long way from accusing the boy of murder . I got witnesses that say the boy was there laying hands on those people when they died . You think that 's how he killed them , with a touch ? I don 't claim to know how or why he did it , but we 've been looking for the boy since Tuesday and he does not want to be found . There 's nothing out of the ordinary about these reports except that there were no autopsies performed . Hartley managed to block my autopsy request on religious grounds . Also doesn 't help that the county coroner is a dues-paying member of the Miracle Ministry . Well , maybe we can arrange to have the bodies exhumed . Sheriff ... It 's Reverend Hartley 's group . Damn . I told my people to keep quiet so this wouldn 't happen . Looks like you might have a few believers on the payroll . On behalf of the Miracle Ministry , we demand that you stop this sacrilege . You 're not just dealing with me anymore , Vance . You 're dealing with the FBI . We don 't mean you any disrespect . We 're investigating a possible homicide . And federal law requires that we do a postmortem examination on these bodies . Well , I 'm afraid we answer to an even higher authority than the U.S. government ... one that considers grave digging and defiling corpses mortal sins . We 'll get that autopsy , Vance . Sooner or later , you know we will . The deceased 's family does not want her grave disturbed . Carol Wallace had no family . We were her family . We were her family and it was hard enough to bury her once . So if you insist on going through with this , we 're prepared to maintain a vigil and do whatever it takes to stop you . Mulder , Scully ... What ? One of my men just spotted the boy car 's downtown . Can 't do much here anyway . Let 's go . Check the side door , okay ? Not a very likely place to be saving souls . Where 's the boy , Zook ? He 's in the can . What happened here ? Damn fool started a fight . Figures them Bible thumpers wouldn 't know how to hold their liquor . Where you been , Samuel ? We 've been looking for you . Yeah ? I 've been thinking . Well , you 're going to have plenty of time for that now , son . I 'm putting you under arrest . For murder ? For suspicion of murder . Mind if I finish my beer first ? Well , you go right on ahead . I 'm going to have somebody take a statement from you . I 'll see what I can do about getting your Caddy towed . Hey , Sheriff . What evidence do you have to charge the boy with murder ? Well , what more do you want ? The boy 's practically giving himself up . Look at him , though . He 's drunk . Well , then I 'll add drunk and disorderly . Let 's get this straight . It 's not a question about the boy 's guilt , just how he did it . Let me have a minute with him . Suit yourself . Samuel , I 'm Agent Mulder . This is Agent Scully . We 're from the FBI . Looks like you took quite a beating there . Penance , Mr. Mulder . Some might call it a plain old bar brawl . You know what they say ... " he giveth and he taketh away . " Man gets too proud , sometimes it does him good to get the crap kicked out of him . Saves God the trouble . The trouble of what ? Humbling the guilty sinner . Guilty of murder ? Yes , sir . How did you do it , Samuel ? Apparently , my pride and my weakness were an invitation to the devil . I muddied the river of my own faith . Now my gift has been corrupted . So you 're saying that you killed those people with a touch ? I 've laid my hands on the ill , given them health . I 've healed the sick . I 've even touched the dying and given them life . God has given me a special gift . Did he buy you all that jewelry , too ? I think there 's something missing in your story , Samuel . You doubt the power of God , ma 'am ? No , but I doubt the veracity of your claims . I have looked on the infirm and seen their sickness ... their cancer . Just as I can see the pain on this man right here . Really ? What pain is that ? The pain you have ... regarding a brother or a sister . It 's an old pain . It 's never been healed . Is this some kind of a trick ? No trick , ma 'am . I think we should get the sheriff . I want to hear more about this pain . Tell me . I could see it , plain as day . It was a sister . You lost a sister quite young . Someone took her away . What else do you see ? Strangers ... a bright light . Sheriff ... You should have come here earlier . Chance I could have healed your pain . All right , let 's get this over with . Hey , I need another minute with him . I can 't help you , not anymore . My gift is gone . Cuff him . All right , let 's go . You have the right to remain silent . I 'll tell you , Mr. Mulder ... God watches over his flock . He gives us signs every day . Open your heart . He might just open your eyes . How do you think he does it ? I don 't know . Given his exemplary record and the highly circumstantial nature of this case , I ask that my client be released on his own recognizance without bail ... Judge , that is not a good idea . Samuel ! Let me go , and it will be - on your head . - Enough . This is not a pulpit . This is a court of law . Is that understood ? Yes , sir . Sorry . Your Honor , despite the defendant 's avowed guilt , we see no reason to burden the county with his maintenance until trial . But we do request a minimum bail of $ 100,000 . All right , if there are no objections , bail is set at $ 100,000 to be deposited directly into the clerk 's probation account . My God ! What is ... Good God ! By God ! God , what is it ? ! What is this ? What ... Oh , God ! How much more will it take for you to believe ? The Lord has testified against me . Does the serpent have to bite y 'all on the ass till you understand ? Everybody , clear this courtroom ! " And when it was morning , " the east wind brought the locusts " and the locusts covered the face of the whole earth " so that the land was darkened . And they did eat every herb of the land ... " Come on , Mulder . " ... and all the fruit of the trees which the hail had left ... " A few thousand grasshoppers does not constitute a plague . Besides which , we 're in farm country . And this area is an agricultural smorgasbord for this type of infestation . Yeah , maybe in a cornfield . But this happened in a courtroom . So what 's next ? The slaying of the firstborn ? Mulder , does this have something to do with what Samuel said in the bar last night about your sister ? I had these patient cases sent over from Kenwood County Hospital . These are physician - documented cases of patients who went to Samuel after conventional treatments failed . " Spontaneous remission of metastatic cancer ... regenerated nerve growth after post-trauma paraplegia ... " I have encountered dozens of psychic healers in the X Files , but none like this . I think the kid 's for real . Mulder , I admit this is intriguing , but there 's a whole library of medical literature dealing with unexplained spontaneous cures . Now , Western medicine treats the human body in biochemical terms , right ? - Mm-hmm . - But the body could also be treated as an electromagnetic system . So your theory is that if Samuel can repair this energy field in order to heal , he can also destroy it in order to kill . - Why not ? - Okay . Say that Samuel 's touch can kill . Why would he want to ? Well , you heard him , Scully . He muddied the river of his own faith . That means he 's ... If you 're available , Reverend would like to see you . I 've been under a great deal of stress lately , which I know doesn 't excuse my rude behavior yesterday , but I hope somehow you found it in your hearts to forgive me . Why did you want to speak with us ? I need your help . Samuel is being tried for murder . I think what you need is a good lawyer . Samuel is innocent . How can you be sure of that ? Because he 's my son . Somehow I don 't think that argument will work on a jury . And Samuel 's confession won 't help much , either . You have to understand ... Samuel is a very complicated young man . He feels things like no one else . To him , a pinprick becomes a gaping wound . His power comes from this ability to feel . But , you see , some people fear that power . And out of their weakness and their fear , they seek to destroy it . You mean Sheriff Daniels . I mean , it 's no secret Sheriff Daniels has been trying to shut me down since I first opened my tent ten years ago . Well , he seems to think that your ministry is a fraud . He 's a faithless man , Agent Scully . His wife , she suffers from a most painful arthritis . Her fingers twisted like bitter roots . Yet he keeps Samuel from ministering to her . In light of recent events , you can 't blame him . I don 't know how those poor people died . I can 't explain that . Which is why I 'm asking you to be there tonight so you could see for yourselves Samuel doing God 's work . Can I count on you both to be there ? I think so . Mulder , what do you think ? Excuse me . Hey , where 'd she go ? Who ? The little girl . There 's no little girl around here . Mulder ... What is it ? It 's a girl . Who , Jessica Hahn ? A little girl . Well , brothers and sisters , help yourselves . Let the folks with the wheelchairs through now . That 's right . Don 't be shy . Hello there . Welcome to the Miracle Ministry . Y 'all come to see Samuel tonight ? Yes . Is he going to be here ? The papers said ... Oh , well , now , don 't mind what you read in the papers . God 's work will be done . Young Samuel is here to cast out the devil and heal the sick . Did you hear that , honey ? Will he be able to see me ? Well , I 'll tell you what ... I 'm going to put in a special word , hmm ? What 's your name , darling ? - Margaret Hohman . - Margaret ? Well , Margaret , you wait right here . I 'm going to see if I can 't get somebody to put you in the front row . How 'd that be ? Huh ? I can 't go out there . Not after what 's happened . God tests the faith in us all , son . And because he 's chosen you to act in his likeness , he 's given you the toughest test of all . Do not forsake your gift , Samuel . Aw , man . I 'm a preacher , son . That 's my gift . But all the preaching in the world could never equal even a small miracle in consolidating the faith and hope of these people . Let this man ... whose life you saved ... give witness tonight to the grace and goodness of your healing power . They 're all waiting on you , Samuel . Get ready for the Reverend Calvin Hartley ! Yes , indeedy ! Praise God ! Hallelujah ! Hallelujah ! Praise the Lord ! Praise the Lord ! God is here tonight . Oh , yes . Pass it down , please . I feel his presence . Oh , amen ! Apparently miracles don 't come cheap . God is here , and he ... is here ... to heal ! Yes , heal ! Hallelujah . There 's a man I 'd like to introduce to you ... a man who has seen the face of God but who was not satisfied to go to that great place . Oh , no . No , God had work for him to do right here on earth . As it is in Heaven , mm-hmm . I saw this man come back from beyond death 's door . He stands here today as a living testament to the ability of God to work miracles . Ladies and gentlemen , brothers and sisters ... our beloved friend , Leonard Vance . As it says in John , chapter three ... " No man can do these miracles unless God be with him . " That man to whom I owe my life is Samuel Hartley . And he is here tonight to heal you . Thank you , Leonard . Ladies and gentlemen ... God 's solider , Samuel Hartley . Mulder ! Receive God 's love . Feel the power of God . Pray with me . Close your eyes . What have you done , boy ? All right , everyone , remain calm . Give the young woman some room here . Everybody , praise God . Say hallelujah , now ! Somebody , get an ambulance ! It 's all right ! Don 't panic , now . Just praise the Lord ! She 's dead . Loving friends , children of God , brothers and sisters , if you desecrate the body , then you slay the soul . Let 's keep this poor woman 's body intact . We know that Reverend Hartley 's been pressuring you , but this is the third death linked with the Miracle Ministry . Reverend Hartley says an autopsy is against Scripture . What illness did your daughter suffer from , Mr. Hohman ? She had M.S. And has she ever had a seizure before this ? Not to my knowledge . You see , I think that the seizure she had is indicative of some kind of embolism or aneurysm . But the boy only touched her forehead . And are you going to be content to bury her without knowing the true cause of death ? Without knowing if there was foul play involved ? Give me a moment . You think the boy really did it ? No . Why not ? I was raised a Catholic and I have a certain familiarity with the Scripture and God never lets the devil steal the show . You must have really liked The Exorcist . One of my favorite movies . Well ... So who were you pursuing in the crowd tonight ? I thought I saw someone I knew . That boy really has you going , doesn 't he ? Why do you say that ? In the bar , Samuel mentioned your sister . Is it your sister you keep thinking you 're seeing ? I 've seen her twice now . Maybe you just want to see her . I 'm not delusional , Scully . Mulder , don 't discount the power of suggestion . A healer 's greatest magic lies in the patient 's willingness to believe . Imagine a miracle and you 're halfway there . We learned that in med school . You think this is what Margaret Hohman or her parents were imagining ? We 're going to go along with your investigation . It 's 11 : 21 p.m. , March 7 . Subject 's name is Margaret Hohman . Female , Caucasian , 107 pounds . Mulder , take a look at this . Do I have to ? Lesions on the lungs here . I 'm finding them throughout the cardiovascular and pulmonary systems . There 's also a lot of damage to the mucous membranes . I think that she must have died from cellular hypoxia ... a lack of oxygen to the cells . What would cause that ? My guess ? Ingestion or injection of sodium or potassium cyanide , maybe arsenic . I won 't know exactly until I run a toxicology screen on her . How soon ? Labs won 't be open till morning . See who you can push to get it done ... as soon as possible . Samuel , it 's Agent Mulder . Yeah ? What do you want ? I want to talk with you . If you 'd prefer your attorney were present ... Whatever . No . I put a call in to Sheriff Daniels . He 's on his way down here . I 'm going to ask him to release you . Why are you doing this ? You were there , man . You saw for yourself . Did you poison Margaret Hohman ? Did I poison her ? Did you poison her using potassium or sodium cyanide ? Because that 's what killed her . What are you talking about ? You 're innocent , Samuel . Unless you had a hand in administering it , and I don 't think you did . Whatever the cause , Mr. Mulder , I am responsible . Well , the evidence will be presented at your arraignment tomorrow . Habeas corpus law will force them to release you , so you might as well go home and get some rest anyway . Just leave me alone , okay ? Look , Samuel , if you think that the punishment for your sins is the deaths of those people ... The Lord has testified against me , Mr. Mulder . I can 't stand here and argue with your Biblical rhetoric , but I do know that the law will find you innocent . You said you could see my pain . Look at me . What do you see now ? I see nothing . I am blind . I don 't believe you . I 've seen her . It was her , wasn 't it ? Your sister ? You made her appear to me , didn 't you ? Look at me . I am very tired , Mr. Mulder . Is she alive ? ! Is that what I 'm supposed to believe or is this a trick ? You mean ... a trick of the devil ? Jailer ! I see I 'm a little late for this ball . Called you down here to ask you to release the boy . - On what pretense ? - His innocence . Aren 't you a little out of your depth here , Agent Mulder ? This may be Hicksville to you , but we do try and hew to the legal system . I don 't want to pick a fight . He seems determined to stay here anyway . What does that tell you ? It tells me you 're determined to have him charged while your real homicide suspect is still at large . I got some company for you , Sam . What are you looking at ? I 'll get it . I 'll get it . Ma 'am . Sheriff . Hey , Dennis . How are you ? Just fine , ma 'am , just fine . Except we had an incident down at the jail . What incident would that be , Tyson ? The preacher boy . He 's dead . He was alone in his cell when Mulder left him this morning . How could this have happened ? The boy started a fight with a couple of rowdies we picked up on a DUI . Took some pretty mean blows to the head . Died before the ambulance got here . His blood is spilled and it 's all over you ! Reverend ... How much longer are you going to hide behind that badge before the truth is revealed ? I have work to do . Reverend Hartley ... We 're sorry for your loss . That boy ... he was blessed . He never hurt a soul . Come on there , Reverend . Our friends will be finding out about Samuel sooner than later , and , well ... it 's probably best if they hear from you . Come on . Ma 'am . You got that look on your face , Mulder . What look is that ? The kind when you 've forgotten your keys and you 're trying to figure out how to get back in the house . What exactly are we trying to find ? Clues . Oh . What does it mean ? Let 's find out . Scully . It 's potato . Someone left a trail of food in the ventilation system leading to the courtroom . You dump your locusts in here ... instant plague . Well , where did they all come from ? Biological supply houses usually hatch them on order to farms and universities . Shouldn 't be too hard to find out who set this up . And you think whoever did this is responsible for the murders . You 're dead . They killed you . I was dead ... but here I am . No ! Why did you betray me ? You murdered those people . They came to me to be healed and you murdered them . Why ? After I gave you back your life . You call this life ? ! What in tarnation do you want ? We have a warrant for the arrest of Leonard Vance . Where is he ? You must be mistaken . I 'm afraid not , Reverend . We traced a pesticide order to him from a chemical company in Knoxville . Cyanogen bromide ... it 's a cyanide derivative . Leonard poisoned those people ? Get your clothes on , Vance . You 're under arrest . I betrayed him . Cyanide . There 's no way to tell how much he 's ingested . I 'll call an ambulance . It 's too late . We have to get him to the hospital ourselves . I thought , " Why didn 't he let me die ? " Beware of false prophets who come to you in sheep 's clothing but inwardly are ... are ravening wolves . That 's what I thought he was because who else would bring me back looking like this ? He was here . Who ? Samuel . The man 's delirious . He was here , Reverend . Right in this room ... and he forgave me . Rather than simply killing Samuel , Vance contrived to kill the ministry 's faith in him . We have conclusive evidence connecting him both to the courtroom infestation and to the poisoning deaths of three members of the ministry . Vance 's obsession outlived Samuel , however . His conscience haunted him until he became delusory and finally took his own life , effectively ending our investigation . In light of this information , it is highly doubtful that there have ever been any miracles in Kenwood , Tennessee . Mulder . Scully . Sheriff Daniels just called . Samuel 's body is missing from the morgue . Any witnesses ? One , so far . The night nurse who made the report ... Beatrice Salinger . She saw somebody take the body ? Not actually . What do you mean , " not actually " ? Talk sense , Deputy . She didn 't exactly see anyone taking the body . Well , what , then ? She , uh ... she claims she saw Samuel walking out by himself . Sounds crazy , I know , but that 's what she told me . You coming , Sheriff ? I was drinking my coffee and going over the night orders for my ward , seven south , when he walked right by me . His face was all black and blue . And you 're sure it was him ? Well , at first I thought my eyes were playing tricks , which happens a lot on graveyard , so I got up to look again , but I lost him around a corner . He just vanished . Then I went to check the morgue , and his body was gone . I don 't believe this . This is insane . I 'm not going to listen to any more of this woman 's crazy talk . I 'm not the only one who saw him , Sheriff , so I know I 'm not crazy . Other people saw him , too . I 'm not crazy . It was Samuel . This isn 't true , Maurice . Is it ? The boy was an awful fake just like you said , wasn 't he , Maurice ? Wasn 't he , Maurice ? Sir ... going to have to ask you to come with me . District attorney wants to ask you some questions concerning the boy 's death . Sundays will probably never be the same again in these parts . I have a strong sense the Reverend Hartley is not going to be able to give up the pulpit . Even without his son ? Might even strengthen his faith . Remember , the boy did rise from the dead . That kind of thing happens only once or twice every 2,000 years or so . Yeah , and I have a story about a plague of locusts . I just hope Reverend Hartley didn 't arrange his body snatching as his miracle of miracles . Somehow , I don 't think so . What exactly do you think ? I think people are looking hard for miracles . So hard that maybe they make themselves see what they want to see . You coming , Mulder ?
