 - What ho . - What ho . Hey , Lazard , now , why do the night guys get a piece like you and we 're stuck with old eel breath ? It 's fate , Detective ... conspiring to keep us apart . All right , I 'm out of here . See ya . See you tomorrow . You all right ? You lost ? Anyway , I got her in the holding room , but she 's not talking . She won 't say a word ... at least not to me . And you 're asking me 'cause you know how good I am with kids , right ? Yeah , a regular Mr. Green Jeans . Hi . This is Detective Barbala . He 's going to help you find your parents . Hiya , sweetheart . What 's your name ? Michelle . Everything 's going to be all right , okay ? Don 't be scared now . Michelle what ? Well , you said your first name was Michelle . Now , what 's your last name ? Bishop . Bishop . Michelle Bishop . And where do you live , Michelle ? Here in Buffalo ? Hey ! What was that ? Did you hear that ? Somebody call an ambulance ! Hey , yo , the man was just flying out the window ! How did you hear about us ? My brother . My , uh ... my brother 's a cop . Baltimore . He told me about your work on the Tooms case . Said you got a good feel for things out of the ordinary . Look , the truth is , Barbala never won any popularity contests here at the 1-4 , but he 's still a cop , you know . I guess that 's why I can 't just let this rest . You said there was one witness ... a little girl . What did she say happened ? She said there was another man in the room . Well , it stands to reason that somebody ... I was right outside . I 'm telling you , there was nobody else there except for Barbala and the kid . So you didn 't get a description of who the kid saw . I 'm telling you , there was no one else . Listen , the department 's treating this as a suicide , but I got to tell you , I knew this guy . There 's no way he did himself . Was he depressed or under psychiatric care of any kind ? No . The only time he ever looked at himself was in the mirror , and he always liked what he saw . Plus jumpers tend to open the window before they jump . Where 's the kid now ? She was released about an hour ago . Her mother came to pick her up . You don 't really think the girl had anything to do with it , do you ? I don 't know what to believe anymore . You know , eight years I 've been on this force , I 've seen a lot of strange things . But I 'm telling you , this kid ... something 's just not right about her . Did he have long hair or short hair ? Short . Like that ? Was his hair dark like mine or ... or lighter like yours ? Like mine . What about a beard or a moustache ? Moustache . Like this ? Or this ? Whoa , what happened ? Weird . I didn 't even hit a key . Must be a glitch in the new software . Michelle , was his moustache like that ? Do you have any idea how your daughter might have gotten there ? Buffalo 's half an hour away by train , and the station is a five-minute car ride . When I came home , Mrs. Dougherty was locked in the wine cellar . I called the police immediately . And Mrs. Dougherty is ... ? Michelle 's nanny . Her latest , that is . She 's already gone through four this year , and it 's only April . What seems to be the problem ? Michelle is the problem . How do you mean ? As hard as it is for a mother to admit , Michelle is a disturbed child . Oh , I know this sounds terrible to say , but the truth is that sometimes she frightens me . Frightens you how ? She 's not like other girls , Agent Scully . Tell me . She just isn 't . She doesn 't have any friends . She hardly ever smiles . It breaks my heart , but I can 't comfort her . She says she sees things that I can 't see . She hears people yelling in her head . Last summer , we had to cover our pool . Jim was trying to teach her how to swim , but every time that Michelle would get close to the water , she would just start to scream . Scream like you 've never heard in all your life . Your husband , where is he now ? We 're divorced . - Mrs. Bishop ? - Mm-hmm . This is the man Michelle said she saw at the police station . Do you recognize him ? No . I 'm sorry . She also mentioned a friend . Someone named Sheila . Do you know who that is ? Ah . That would be Dr. Braun . She 's the developmental psychologist over at Brylin Hospital . Michelle sees her twice a week . Look at that . Looks like a hawk or a falcon . It 's beautiful . It 's called origami . Japanese paper folding . Where did she learn how to do that ? I have no idea . So , Harry , you 'll put that face into the system ? As we speak . Can you give Scully a ride back into the city ? Wait a minute . We have an autopsy at 7 : 00 . That 's your department . I 'm going to go over to Brylin Hospital , see if I can have a little chat with Michelle 's shrink . Oh , oh , and check for burns or lesions on Barbala 's body . Why ? Psychokinesis is usually associated with an electrical charge . Are you saying Michelle possesses the ability to psychically project her own will ? How else could a 60-pound kid throw a 200-pound detective out the window ? No , I don 't recognize him . I have no idea who this man is . Could Michelle have fabricated him ? Quite possibly . As with many dissociative disorders , the intensity of the patient 's emotions is often too much for one personality to process . So , in defense , part of the personality splits itself off . As in schizophrenia ? I 'm afraid Michelle 's diagnosis is not quite that simple . You see , my primary challenge has been to discover the source of her extreme rage . In most cases , it 's a traumatic event in the patient 's past . And in Michelle 's case ? Occasionally , I would leave Michelle alone for part of our sessions ... with this doll . Each time , a new doll , anatomically intact . And each time , she dismembers and disfigures it in exactly the same way . At first , I thought she was being abused , but after a number of sessions with her parents , I became convinced that there was something else behind Michelle 's anxiety . Something much deeper . Much more elusive . Any theories ? Frankly , no . I 'm at a loss . Have you tried deep-regression hypnosis ? I found hypnosis an unreliable approach at best . Okay . Well , in the meantime , how have you been treating Michelle ? Well , the Thorazine has been quite effective in regulating her more bizarre behavior . I 'm sure . Have you observed any unexplained phenomena in Michelle 's presence ? " Unexplained phenomena " ? Inordinate physical strength , psychic ability , telekinesis . You 're joking , of course . I have a patient waiting , Agent Mulder . If you 'll excuse me . Note : The postmortem examination is being conducted 11 hours and 45 minutes after subject was pronounced . Note : raised lesion approximately seven centimeters below sternum . Deep necrosis inconsistent with cause of death as pronounced by Dr. Gilder and suggests localized electrocution . But a further tissue analysis will be necessary . Excuse me . Could I talk to you for a second ? I just started the autopsy . Yeah . Um ... I-I don 't think he 's going anywhere . Will you , uh ... take a couple for scale , please ? Thank you . Be right back . So , what do you think ? Looks like a match . Yeah . Name 's Charlie Morris . Officer Charlie Morris . Used to work narcotics out of the 2-7 . Do you know him ? No . Before my time . Well , where is he now ? Has he been transferred ? You could say that . Agent Scully , this guy 's been dead for nine years . Which means that little girl saw a ghost . This way , please . Uh , just go ahead and set it on my desk . He was killed in Chinatown , gangland style , allegedly by the triads , although no arrests were ever made . And , Mulder , if you 're going to tell me that you think Michelle Bishop saw a poltergeist ... Hey , you 're the one that found a lesion on Barbala 's body . You said it could have been caused by an intense concentration of electrothermal energy . " Could have been " being the operative phrase . Now , I 'm not going to know for sure until the lab results are in , and even then ... Well , why is it still so hard for you to believe even when all the evidence suggests extraordinary phenomena ? Because sometimes ... What ? ... looking for extreme possibilities makes you blind to the probable explanation right in front of you . This is the face that Michelle Bishop saw . She walked right by here , and she saw the face of Charlie Morris , which means that there weren 't any ghosts flying around the precinct . Do you have the police report describing Morris 's death ? Yeah . I have what 's been declassified . Why ? Does it describe how he was murdered ? Yes . I told you . It was a signature hit . Give me the grisly details . His arm was severed just below the shoulder , presumably by a chain saw , and his right eye was gouged out . This is what Michelle did to a dozen dolls in her shrink 's office . Hell of a coincidence , wouldn 't you say ? Now , before we discount anything , I think we should find out more about Charlie Morris . I got the address of his partner on the force . Hopefully , he can tell us something . Detective Fiore ? We 're with the FBI . Can we talk to you for a minute ? Do you know this man ? You mind if we do this out here ? Uh , I don 't want to wake my wife . Yeah . This won 't take long . Yeah , sure , I know him . That 's , uh , Charlie . Charlie Morris . You two were partners ? Yeah , we rode together his first nine months out of the academy . What can you tell us about the circumstances surrounding his death ? That matter is still under investigation , and so I can 't comment on it . Detective , we 're under the direct authority of Captain Gersham at the 14th precinct . 14th precinct ? I never worked out of the 1-4 . What 's all this about ? Uh , we believe that the death of Detective Rudy Barbala yesterday can be linked to the death of Officer Morris nine years ago . Linked how ? I mean , I thought this Barbala flipped his wig and jumped out a window . Did you know the detective ? By reputation . Look , what 's all this got to do with Charlie ? Well , that 's what we need your help with . The police report said that Officer Morris was killed off duty . That 's right . Best we can figure , it was some kind of payback . For what ? Well , around that time , the organized crime division was doing a major sweep in Chinatown . - The triads . - Yeah . Some very heavy busts went down against the Woo Shing Woo . A lot of smack never made it to the street . You can bet there were some pretty pissed-off people playing mah-jong that week . So you think that Charlie Morris was killed as a warning to back off ? I think they picked a cop ... any cop ... and they whacked him . Who is it , Tony ? Oh , it 's nothing to worry about , honey . Just some people from the FBI asking about a case I 'm working . Sir , would you mind ... ? Hey , it 's the weekend . You guys mind ? Get me at the squad first thing Monday morning , okay ? Sure . Good luck . Is it me , or did we just get the brush-off ? Did you notice her hands ? What ? He said she was sleeping , but her hands were dusted with baking flour . It 's not a big deal , all right ? Don 't jerk yourself around , Tony . You 're acting like a little bug . They were FBI . So what ? They start sniffing around too much , they 're going to turn something up . Relax . They 're just people , like us , - going through the motions . - Oh , yeah ? Then how are they connecting Charlie to Barbala ? And what do they know ? Huh ? Nothing . Come on . We 're going to Citibank right now . For what ? The safety box . What should we do , Tony ? Huh ? Make a donation to the Little Sisters for the Poor ? Dump it somewhere . Tony , there 's only two of us left now . That 's over a million each . Take it all . I don 't care ! Do your dream on the beach in Costa Rica or wherever the hell it is you want to do it . You think I like this ? Huh ? Selling disability insurance to morons ? " Well , sir , uh ... " excuse me , but what if you " should break your neck on the shore or-or lose your leg in a car crash ? " You listen to me , Tony . We agreed to wait ten years , and that is exactly what we 're going to do . I listened to you once before , and look what happened . Nobody ... not me , not Barbala ... wanted to see Charlie wind up like that . We were just trying to scare a little sense into him . It was an accident . End of story . And you better pull yourself together , Tony . Excuse me , sir ... Hey ! What ? Hey ! Hey , open the door ! Hey ! Hey , open the door ! Hey ! Hey ! Open the door ! Hey ! Hey , open the door ! Open the door ! Hey ! Open the door ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Open the door ! Hey ! For God 's sake ! Help me ! Hey , get your hands off me , all right ? Patrol unit picked her up a few blocks away from the bus stop . What 's going on ? We don 't know . All we know is that your daughter has witnessed two deaths in the past two days . She 's only eight years old . She couldn 't possibly have done anything . Mrs. Bishop , no one is accusing Michelle of anything . She 's just a little girl . Is there anything that you have not told us ? Is there anything at all that you can think of that might shed some light on what happened tonight ? No . Well , this police station has a designated room at the Sheraton . An officer will take you and Michelle over there . Why is this happening to us ? Why ? Can I talk to you for a minute ? I 'm sorry . Excuse me . Listen to this . You know that guy that bought it tonight ... Leon Felder ? Before he started peddling life insurance , he was a cop out of the 1-4 . Guess who his partner used to be . Rudy Barbala . Four cops . Three of whom are now dead . Their only connection being a drug bust in Chinatown almost nine years ago . And a little girl from Orchard Park . Morris , Fiore , Barbala and Felder . What 's wrong with this picture ? Well , for one thing , Fiore said he only knew Barbala by reputation . Right . So why would he say that ? I don 't know . No . Hmm . What ? There 's a page gone from Morris 's homicide file . Wonder where it could be . Is there a log sheet ? Should be . Yeah . " Tony Fiore . " Checked out this afternoon . Mrs. Fiore , we 're sorry for the early hour , but is your husband home ? No , he 's not . He never came home last night . May we come in ? Hey , Scully . Look familiar ? He said he was working a double shift , but when I called the precinct , he wasn 't scheduled . It 's just not like him not to call . Does your husband have any family or close friends in the area that he might go to if he were in trouble ? I 've been on the phone all night . Is he in any trouble ? Mrs. Fiore , did your husband ever mention a detective by the name of Rudy Barbala or an ex-police officer named Leon Felder ? I don 't think so . Someone you might have had dinner with once , a friend of Tony 's from work , a name you can 't remember ... anything ? We don 't normally socialize with other cops . Mrs. Fiore , I couldn 't help noticing your origami collection . Did you do all these yourself ? Oh , no , not me . No , that was Charlie 's hobby . Charlie ? My first husband . He was born in Japan . His father was stationed there . Not Charlie Morris , Tony 's ex-partner ? Yeah . I was waiting for him to come home , too , nine years ago , just like this . He was working on a whole set , you know , from the painting . The only animal he never got to was the giraffe . See , right there behind the zebra ? Michelle is eight years old . That means she was conceived at roughly the same time that Officer Morris was killed . Do me a favor , Mulder . Let me say it ... reincarnation . Metempsychosis , transmigration , reembodiment ... call it what you will . All based on the coincidence that Michelle Bishop and Officer Morris both practice the obscure art of paper folding ? What about the composite drawing and the dolls , and the fact that Michelle was witness to two deaths that can be tied to Charlie Morris ? So what , you think he 's back , like Peter Proud , to avenge his murder ? It 's not so far-fetched , Scully . Reincarnation is a basic tenet of many major religions . That still doesn 't explain how an eight-year-old girl can kill two grown men . Well , individuals with strong past-life memories often exhibit enhanced psychic abilities ... ESP , telekinesis ... So where does that leave us ? One short step away from proving the preexistence of the human soul . On the count of five , tell me where you are now . One , two , three , four , five . Do you know where you are ? Yes . Where ? Tell me where you are . At home . What time of day is it ? Nighttime . And how old are you now ? Twenty-four . No ! We can 't ! We can 't do this ! It 's wrong ! What 's wrong ? What can 't you do ? It 's all right . You can trust me . No ! I can 't . I can 't . - You can trust me . - I can 't ! I can 't ! I can 't ! I can 't ! This is dangerous and irresponsible . Dr. Spitz has conducted hundreds of these sessions ... If you allow us to continue , you could push Michelle deeper into withdrawal , maybe permanently . Is it any more dangerous than pumping her full of Thorazine ? They 're killing me ! They 're killing me ! That 's enough . - No . - No ! No ! No ! It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's over . It 's over . It 's over . They just left . We almost had it , Scully . We were right there . I know . We 'll have to try it again . Mrs. Bishop won 't go for that . Not in this lifetime anyway . Well , we have to change her mind . How ? And to what end ? I mean , what exactly do you hope to discover by all this ? The truth ... what really happened to Charlie Morris nine years ago . We 'll find the truth when we find Fiore . If we find Fiore , and if he 's still alive . Scully , you saw what happened in there . What I saw was some traumatized little girl who , for no apparent reason , has some connection to Charlie Morris . All evidence suggests that Michelle Bishop is Charlie Morris . - Mulder ... - Short of her growing a moustache , how much more apparent does it have to become for you to accept it ? Okay . Let 's just say that , by some small miracle , you manage to convince Michelle 's mother and the next hypno-regression provides you with everything you could possibly hope for . No grand jury is going to listen to that kind of testimony . We still will not have an actionable case . The inconclusive results of Michelle 's past-life regression do not shake my basic belief in hypnosis as a tool for psychological healing . Whether or not it offers us definitive proof of previous lifetimes is another matter . However , in this particular case , all other explanations seem to be even more wanting . And how old are you ? Twenty-four . No ! We can 't ! We can 't do this ! It 's wrong ! What 's wrong ? What can 't you do ? And how old are you ? Twenty-four . No ! We can 't ... Twenty-four . No , no , I ... I-I want to be here in case he shows up . Yeah , thanks again . I 'll , um ... I 'll call you the minute I hear anything . Okay , yeah . Okay . Bye-bye . Tony ! Tony ? Tony ? I checked the windup profiles . They 're up to speed . Which means ? Whatever this image is , it was recorded in that room with the girl . How is that possible ? There was a documented case in the early ' 70s of a man from Porlock , Ohio who could influence undeveloped film . He could create shapes on the negative from his mind . I don 't know how much of this noise I can clean up . It depends on the strength of the latent image . I tracked him down . He 's retired in Palm Beach . You were right , Agent Scully . He backed up all his records on disk . Well , pathologists are paranoid by nature . Well , he faxed me the missing page from the autopsy report . Great . Well , apparently , Charlie Morris did not die as a result of his wounds . Says here there 's a frothing of fluid in the respiratory tract . That indicates death by drowning . So you 're saying he was drowned first , and then mutilated to make it look like a signature execution ? Dr. Yamaguchi said on the phone that there were no signs of submersion such as goose skin or wrinkled flesh except for around the face and head . Mm-hmm . That 's right . Suggesting that he was killed in either a bathtub or a toilet . Except ... Except for what ? The marked bradycardia . It indicates a raised plasma sodium level . He was killed in seawater . Anita ! Anita ! Tony ! Tony , what 's going on ? Where have you been ? Listen , I know something 's going on . I need you to listen to me right now . All right . I need you to go upstairs and pack a bag . Why ? What-what kind of trouble are you in ? I think someone 's trying to kill me . Who ? I don 't know . Why would anybody want to kill you ? Tell me what 's going on . Will you please just do what I 'm asking you ? ! Please . I 'm your husband , and I love you , and I need you to trust me on this , okay ? Almost there . What I 've done is to map the frequencies of the interference . Coefficients for sine on this monitor , cosine on that one . Now , using an algorithm program , I can remove the frequencies ... like this . Presto . What the hell ? Mulder , what is it ? You said salt water , right ? Right . So ? So Charlie Morris was drowned in his own tropical fish tank , and that 's the last thing he saw before he died . We better hope Michelle Bishop is at home tucked in bed . Tony ... Tony , somebody ... somebody left this on our doorstep tonight . Do you know who ? Answer me , Tony ! All right , you stay here and keep the door closed . Tony , are you all right ? Tony , answer me ! Tony ! Tony , please ! Who 's there ? What 's happening ? Tony ! Mulder ! They said they were just going to talk to you . Talk some sense into you . What was I supposed to do , huh ? All you had to do was take the money , man ! Why didn 't you just take the money ? ! Please , Tony , let me out ! What 's going on , Tony ? Let me out ! Go check upstairs . Please , open the door ! I 'm scared ! Michelle ! This won 't make right what happened . Please ! I can 't get out ! Who 's there ? I can 't get out ! Tony ? Tony ! Tony ... I 'm sorry . I knew what they did to Charlie . I was a part of it , and I never said anything . I couldn 't . No . I just wanted to take care of you . Who else would have taken care of you ? Oh , God . No . No . Please ... please don 't hurt him anymore . Closing entry , file ♪ X-40271 . Detective Anthony Fiore pleaded guilty yesterday in federal court to charges of first-degree murder after the fact , grand larceny and obstruction of justice . The deaths of detective Rudy Barbala and former police officer Leon Felder are being ruled as accidental , although their complicity in the murder of Officer Charlie Morris has been definitively established . No charges were brought against Michelle Bishop who , today , took her first swimming lesson . She claims no memory of the preceding events , and both her mother and Dr. Braun have denied my request for a second past-life regression . End of field journal , April 19 , 1994 . Agents of record : Fox Mulder and Dana Scully . Status : unexplained .
