 Look , Ben , this is what infuriates me . Don 't you see ? It 's so painfully obvious . Why do you think our stock 's in the toilet ? Because you 're cutting research and development in half . You 've forgotten what the adventure 's all about . Like it or not , the industry 's changing . We need to make some hard choices . You save your sound bite for the press . Let 's not relive the stockholders meeting again . Don 't you get it ? You 're killing me . You 're killing my company ! Eurisko is not your company , Brad , not anymore , and you 'd damn well better grow up and get used to it . You 're going to regret this . New paragraph . As I 'm sure everyone on the board will agree , Eurisko has to face head-on the realities of an increasingly competitive world . Since the unfortunate departure of Brad Wilczek , I have made certain recommendations which I believe will reposition Eurisko as an industry leader . At the top of this list is the immediate termination of the C.O.S. Project . Its disastrous performance over the past three quarters and projected losses well into 1994 leave us no other choice . Ah ... Hello ? Hello ! At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. What the hell ? Damn . File deleted . Mulder . Jerry ? You 're Dana Scully , right ? Jerry Lamana . Jerry and I worked together in Violent Crimes . Worked together ? What are you talking " worked together " ? We were partners . That 's $ 8.50 , please . So , Jerry , what are you doing here ? Looking for you , and I 'm buying you two lunch . No , really ... No . It 's on me . Here . Cause of death was electrocution . And it wasn 't accidental ? It looks like some kind of elaborate booby trap , but we don 't know a whole lot more . Building engineer just found him 12 hours ago . Who 's running the investigation ? Either of you know Nancy Spiller ? The forensics instructor at the academy ? We used to call her the Iron Maiden . On a good day . Well , anyway , she 's putting together the squad , and , well , I took the liberty of mentioning your name . Look , Jerry , I 'd like to help you out , but we 're not on general assignment . Because of the X Files . Look , the truth is , I could use a little help on this . I don 't want to drop the ball on this one . You won 't drop the ball . Drake wasn 't just a CEO of a Fortune 500 company . He was a good friend of the attorney general 's . Another feather in my cap would be really nice right now ' cause the one I got is looking a little mangy . - Yeah , but , Jerry ... - Look ... I wouldn 't ask if it wasn 't important . How come you two went your separate ways ? I 'm a pain in the ass to work with . Seriously . I 'm not a pain in the ass ? We had different career goals . Jerry wanted the fifth floor . And you ? I was gunning for a basement office with no heat or windows . Well , I know where you ended up . What about Jerry ? He ran into a little bad luck in Atlanta , working hate crimes . What kind of bad luck ? He misplaced a piece of evidence , bagged and everything . Sent it to the cleaners . By the time he got it back , a federal judge had lost both his hands and his right eye . - 29 ? - Uh-huh . Going up . Must be for the visually impaired . How do you like that ? A politically correct elevator . Third floor ... fourth floor ... You okay ? Yeah . What was that ? Yes ? Hello ? Security . Who 's this ? This is Agent Dana Scully . Agent Scully , do you have a problem ? Fifth floor ... Uh , actually , I think everything 's okay . - All right . - ... ninth floor ... - Thank you . - ... tenth floor , 11th floor ... See here ? Someone has tampered with the servo . They switched the ground to the negative so that when he put the key in the lock ... He completed the circuit . It 's fused . It takes a lot of juice to melt a steel key . And to throw a 180-pound man ten feet . The , uh , servo switch ... could it have been moved manually ? We didn 't find any prints in the surrounding area . Sure , it could have been switched manually , but whoever did it would have had to override the C.O.S. What 's the C.O.S. ? The central operating system . It runs the building . Regulates everything from energy output to the volume of water in each toilet flush . This is Claude Peterson , he 's the building systems engineer . He discovered the body . If somebody wanted to override the C.O.S. , what would they ... ? Well , first he 'd have to break the access codes , which ... well , let 's just say it wouldn 't be easy . Well , we 're gonna need a list of all the people with that kind of know-how . I can tell you right now , it 'll be a pretty short list . Would you be on it ? - Me ? - Yeah . Hey , look , I 'm just a glorified building super . All I do is monitor the system , make sure it 's functioning , like when I saw the overload in Mr. Drake 's office . What about the phone lines ? Does the C.O.S. monitor all phone calls ? Yes , it does . Why ? I 'm just wondering . Okay , um , look , can I go now ? Okay . Why did you ask him about the phones ? Phone 's off the hook . Maybe Drake was talking to somebody right before he did his Ben Franklin impersonation . Taught him everything he knows . Come in . It 's past 3 : 00 . I 'm just looking for my profile notes . Maybe if you cleaned your desk more than once a year . They were right here , I 'm telling you . Come on , we 're late . Now , there are a couple elements for us to consider here . Both the statistical rarity of homicidal electrocution and the complexity of the crime indicate a certain devious premeditation . After all , there are much simpler ways of killing someone . All of which leads me to believe that our guy was some kind of sociopathic game player ... maybe even a recluse , since he designed a trap not only to avoid detection but to avoid contact with the victim . Is that your profile ? Forget it , huh ? Drake 's final phone call supports this theory . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. Drake 's estimated time of death . Why would Drake call for the correct time just before he died ? It was an incoming call . From somewhere in the Eurisko building itself . Whoever set the trap wanted to make sure that Drake took the bait . Excellent work , Agent Lamana . Thank you . Jerry , what the hell are you doing ? Hey , don 't get all bent out of shape . Jerry , that was my profile . Look , I didn 't think you 'd mind . Anyway , they were just notes . I filled in the blanks . Jerry , you went into my office and you stole my work . Look , you 're on this case 'cause I asked you to help me out and you helped me out . What is the big deal ? What did he say ? He apologized ... in his own way . I just got off the phone with Peterson , the systems engineer . One name ? Brad Wilczek ? He said it would be a short list . And it 's headline news how much this guy despised Drake . That just seems too obvious . To kill Drake would be so brazenly egomaniacal . And fully consistent with Jerry 's excellent behavioral profile . Fully . So this is what a 220 IQ and a $ 400 million severance settlement buys you . Yes ? Brad Wilczek ? We 're with the FBI . What took you guys so long ? Oh , and do you mind taking off your shoes ? You can divide the computer science industry into two types of people ... neat and scruffy . I take it Benjamin Drake fit into the first category . Neat people like things neat . They wear nicely pressed suits and work on surface phenomena ... things they can understand ... market shares and third quarter profits . And you had a different vision for the company ? I started Eurisko out of my parents ' garage . I was 22 years old , just spent a year following around the Grateful Dead . You know what Eurisko means ? Mm-mm . That 's from the Greek , isn 't it ? Um ... " I learn things . " Not exactly . It means " I discover things . " Unfortunately , Ben Drake wasn 't interested in discovery . He was a shortsighted , power-hungry opportunist . Let me show you something : a smart home . From this prototype , I have access to every square foot of my house . This place as safe as Fort Knox and as energy efficient as your average igloo . We were two years ahead of Microsoft and Cebus when Drake , in his infinite wisdom , killed the program . Mr. Wilczek , is this system related to the one in your corporate building ? Variation on a theme . In your opinion , how many people know the system well enough to override it ? Finally , the bonus question . " Not many " is the answer . Could someone have , uh , hacked into the system ? Well , not your average phone freak , that 's for sure . But there 's plenty of kooks out there . Data travelers , electro-wizards , techno-anarchists . Anything 's possible . Could you have done it ? Of course . I designed the system . That 's why you guys are here , isn 't it ? I 'm your logical suspect . You don 't seem too worried . It 's a puzzle , Ms. Scully , and scruffy minds like me like puzzles . We enjoy walking down unpredictable avenues of thought turning new corners ... but as a general rule , scruffy minds don 't commit murder . Some see genius as the ability to connect the unconnected ... to make juxtapositions , to see relationships where others cannot . Is Brad Wilczek a genius ? I don 't know . But I do know this for certain : He has a predilection for elaborate game playing . He has an intimate knowledge of the Eurisko building and he has a demonstrable motive for killing Benjamin Drake . The question remains . But if he 's so clever , how do we nail him ? End of field journal , October 24 , 1993 . File opened . From the outset , I knew that Eurisko would expand effectively , not by traditional Western structures , but by employing certain Zen beliefs and other Eastern philosophies and other Eastern philosophies Eastern philosoph Eastern ... Will you give me a second ? Look , I 'm here with my hat in my hand . I screwed up . I 'm sorry . What more can I say ? All you had to do was ask . I would have helped you with the profile . You don 't know what it 's like , Mulder . What what 's like ? You heard about Atlanta ? - Yeah ... - They got me on six months probation . I gotta file daily reports like some cheery new agent . That was bad luck . That could 've happened to anybody . Not to you . Don 't run yourself down , Jerry . You 're a good agent . We did some good work together ... Come on , let 's face it . I was tagging along . - That 's not how it was . - How would you know , Mulder ? You were too busy dazzling them up there on the high wire . Mulder ... take a look . We borrowed this from the voice biometrics lab at Georgetown . It 's a computer spectrogram capable of identifying individual speech patterns . This is the recording the central operating system made of the phone call Drake received just before he died . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. And this we spliced together from a series of lectures Brad Wilczek gave at the Smithsonian last year . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. Now we 'll stack them . At the tone , Eastern Standard Time will be 7 : 35 p.m. You 're saying this is the same person ? I 'm saying that both voices are Brad Wilczek 's . He may have disguised his voice electronically , but he couldn 't alter the form that 's unique to his own speech patterns . Which means that he was the one that killed Drake . He had the motive and the means . And now we have the physical evidence . Judge Benson lives in Washington Heights . I can get a warrant in less than an hour . Someone has to make sure Wilczek stays put . I 'll go with you . No . Let me bring him in alone . I need this one , Mulder . All right . Come on , come on , let me in . Damn ! Mr. Wilczek ! Going up . Second floor , third floor , fourth ... Can I help you ? FBI . Welcome back , Brad . You 're not equipped with a voice synthesizer . What is my user level ? That is now at the discretion of the operating system . Going up . Second floor , third floor , fourth floor fifth floor , sixth floor , seventh floor , eighth floor ninth floor , tenth floor , 11th floor , 12th floor , 14th floor 15th floor , 16th floor ... What the hell ? What are you doing ? Sorry . Those commands are not available at your current user level . Try again . ... 23rd floor , 24th floor ... What are you doing ? ! What are you doing ? ! ... 27th floor 28th floor ... 29th floor ... 30th floor ... 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 - Son of a ... - 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 , 29-30 ... Oh , man . Going down . No ! Don 't do this ! Oh , my God . Program executed . I heard about Jerry . I 'm sorry . I don 't think Wilczek did it . What ? It doesn 't make sense . Why would he go back to Eurisko ? To destroy evidence , to cover his tracks . If you were going to destroy evidence , would you pose for the cameras ? Mulder ... you 've been through a lot ... more than I think even you realize . I think Wilczek is smarter than this . He just signed a confession . How much proof do you need ? Excuse me , sir , this is a crime scene . You 're gonna have to leave . I know . I ordered the subpoena . That subpoena 's been obviated . What are you talking about ? Unless you 've got a code five clearance , I 'm going to have to ask you to turn back . Thanks for coming . I 'm here against my better judgment . In the future , I must insist that you respect the terms of our arrangement . I need to know why Brad Wilczek is the subject of a code five investigation ... what the Defense Department wants with him . What do you think they 'd want with the most innovative programmer in this hemisphere ? - Software . - Yeah . For years , Wilczek has thumbed his nose at any contract involving weapons applications . He 's a bleeding heart . What kind of software ? How much do you know about artificial intelligence ? I thought it was only theoretical . It was , until two years ago . Do you remember Helsinki ... the first time that a chess-playing computer ever beat a grand master ? That was Wilczek 's program . And the rumor was that he did it by developing the first adaptive network . An adaptive network ? It 's a learning machine ... a computer that actually thinks . And it 's , uh , become something of a Holy Grail for some of our more acquisitive colleagues in the Department of Defense . They make me wear shoes all the time . What else do you want from me ? I want you to tell me why you 're willing to spend the rest of your life in prison for a crime you didn 't commit . What are you talking about ? I 'm guilty . I know you 're innocent . You 're protecting a machine ... the central operating system at Eurisko . If I 'm protecting anything , it 's not the machine . Then what ? After the bomb was dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Robert Oppenheimer spent the rest of his life regretting he 'd ever glimpsed an atom . Oppenheimer may have regretted his actions but he never denied responsibility for them . He loved the work , Mr. Mulder . His mistake was in sharing it with an immoral government . I won 't make the same mistake . But your machine killed Drake . And it killed my friend . I 'm sorry about what happened , but there 's nothing I can do . And you talk about morality . You 're afraid of the government but you 're willing to accept the risk that your machine will kill again . The lesser of two evils . What about a third option ? You created that machine . Now you tell me how to destroy it . Wilczek can create a virus that will destroy the system . Mulder , don 't you see ? Blaming the machine is an alibi , and a bad one . But it 's the only thing that makes sense . The C.O.S. Project was posting big losses for Eurisko , and Drake was about to terminate the program . So the machine killed Drake out of self-defense ? Self-preservation . It 's the primary instinct of all sentient beings . Mulder , that level of artificial intelligence is decades away from being realized . Then why was our government trying to usurp Wilczek 's research ? Mulder , I think you 're looking for something that isn 't there . And I think it has something to do with Jerry . Maybe it wouldn 't be such a bad idea if you talked to someone . You 're probably right . Where are you going ? To talk to someone . How much time do you need ? Hello ... Oh , my God ... This is Special Agent Dana Scully I.D. number 2317-616 . I need you to run a quick trace on a number for me . Yeah . 202-555-6431 . Yeah . That 's my number . Somebody 's accessing my computer . Mulder ! Scully , what are you doing here ? Someone or something 's been scanning my computer files tapping my phones . I traced the line . It came from somewhere in there . It 's the machine . How can we get in ? You remember the Trojan Horse ? Open sesame . Oh , what the ... ? Mulder ! So much for the element of surprise . What do you say we take the stairs ? 28 down , one to go . Oh , great . Mulder ? Trick or treat . No . Don 't . What are you doing ? I don 't want to make the mistake Drake made . Damn . What are you looking at ? There should be a way for you to drop down and open the door . Come on , Scully . Scully ? Agent Mulder ? What are you doing here ? The machine 's been acting all crazy . Power surges , shut-offs . That 's why I 'm here so late . Where 's the B port ? Oh , it 's right back here . Look , are you sure you know what you 're doing ? Because , if you don 't , it 's my job on the line . Damn . System access granted . User code , level seven . Now I can put in the virus . Not bad , Agent Mulder . You know , I 've been trying to access the CPU for the past two years . Now , please , take out your gun and remove the clip . Careful . Defense Department ? Let 's just say our paychecks are signed by the same person . Now give me the diskette and step away from the console . You don 't want to test my resolve , Agent Mulder . Put down the gun . Look , you may think you know what you 're dealing with ... Shut up and drop the gun ! You 're making a mistake , Agent Scully . Compromising your sworn duty . This operation is more sensitive than you can possibly imagine . Don 't listen to him . The technology in this machine is of enormous scientific interest . The machine 's a monster , Scully . It 's already killed two people . They won 't be able to handle it any better than Wilczek did . Make no mistake ... you will be held accountable . Mulder , put in the disk . What are you doing , Brad ? Don 't do this , Brad . Brad ... ? Brad , why are you doing this ? Brad ... ? Brad ... Why ? I checked with Congressman Klebanow and the Department of Corrections Subcommittee . I even petitioned the Attorney General 's Office . You won 't find him . They can 't just take a man like Brad Wilczek without an explanation . They can do anything they want . Where is he ? In the middle of what we in the trade call " hard bargaining . " Wilczek won 't deal . He 'll never work for them . Loss of freedom does funny things to a man and remember , Wilczek confessed to two murders , and you effectively destroyed the only evidence that could have exonerated him . What else could I have done ? Nothing . Unless you were willing to let the technology survive . The Department of Defense still hasn 't found anything ? They 've been on it for five days . Wilczek 's virus was thorough . It left no trace of the artificial intelligence . The machine is dead . We 've pushed the pulse code modulations to the limit . Nothing . A " B " port crashed . We 've combed the parsing subroutine . Yes , sir . Twice . No , sir , still nothing , but I 'd like to request ... Yes , sir . No , I understand . Yes , sir . Well ... six more hours before we have to consign the whole damn thing to the metal shredder . We 'll do what we can , sir . Proximity detectors burned ; no capacity . I can 't follow his circuitry at all . I 'm going to figure this thing out if it kills me .
