 REPORTER : Are we rolling ? MAN : No , we 're almost ready . REPORTER : Roll the cameras already . This is live television . MAN : Rolling . REPORTER : This is Tromaville student television Reporting live on location . A giant squirrel is attacking the nuclear powerplant At the Tromaville Institute of Technology . The military and the national guard Have been completely useless against the rampaging Rodent 's destructive force . Nuclear disaster has struck again on the site Where Tromaville High School was blown off the face of the Earth Just a few short years ago . It is the most horrible thing I 've ever witnessed . The school , the campus , the nuclear power plant ! It 's all gone ! All that we hold dear- - the video game room Has been destroyed ! Oh , the horror ! Oh , the humanity ! I 'm sorry , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm gonna have to stop . It 's just too much . I can 't go on . Oh god , I 'm melting . I 'm melting ! Get me up there . He 's a subhumanoid . He 's melting down . REPORTER : I 'm melting down . Help ! I 'm melting ! Oh , what a world ! Forget him . We 've got to report the news . OK , ready ? MAN : Still rolling . Get that dog out of here . This is Angel Finkelstein reporting to you live From the Tromaville Institute of Technology , Where a giant mutated squirrel is About to destroy the Tromaville nuclear power plant . Oh my , I 've melted down . You may recall the same nuclear power plant Was destroyed once before in the 1984 Troma movie " Class of Nuke Em High . " That was one of my favorite Troma movies . Lots of melon heavy breasts . It was then rebuilt by the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation As part of the new Tromaville Institute of Technology campus In the movie " Subhumanoid Meltdown Class of Nuke Em High Part 2 . " Hey Angel , I like your style . Have you ever had a night of wild passion With a gob of green goo ? What do you say after the broadcast me And you get together ? I 'll take that as a no . As you can see , the giant mutated squirrel Is not the only problem plaguing the campus today . Apparently an evil experiment gone bad Is causing a secret race of subhumanoid students To melt down into gobs of green- - [ SCREAMING ] This is Souzie Schwartz reporting live , filling in For Angel Finkelstein- - dead . Reporting to you on the campus of Tromaville Tech . [ GASP ] Oh my god , this is awful . MAN : Read it out loud , you bimbo . This just in . A military helicopter has been dispatched from the Tromaville Air Force Base to meet this mother of all squirrels , And it 's on its way here right now . The copter is carrying a radioactive rodent Seeking patriot missile , which has been disguised To look like a giant acorn ? MAN : Base to Tromaville one . Watch yourself . He looks like my mother-in-law . MAN : Tromaville one to base . It 's much worse than we 've ever expected . He- - he 's doing the frug . Oh no ! He 's also got good rhythm ! For once , the military 's plan seems to be working . The giant squirrel is following the acorn . MAN : Tromaville one to base . I 've got the decoy in place . He 's just about the grab it . MAN : Attaway , Tromaville one . You 're going to be a national military hero the minute He grabs that patriot missile . MAN : What patriot missile ? [ BOOM ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : That 's me , Adlai Smith . I am a third generation subhumanoid . I am the only honor student to be created From the mating of a human and a subhumanoid , And soon I 'll be two years old . You 're probably asking yourself how I in only two years Can be full grown . Well , I 'm the offspring of a human father And a subhumanoid mother , and one thing about subhumanoids Is that we grow from infancy to post adolescence In little more than 18 months . And we do a lot of push ups . Like everyone else , my story and my problems Started with my father , one Roger Smith , Who looks exactly like me . My father was a typical student at the Tromaville Institute of Technology way back before I Was born two years ago . Dad loved Tromaville Tech , which had been constructed By the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation inside of the Tromaville Nuclear power plant . My father was one of the greatest Student reporters in the history of the Tromaville Tech Times . While doing a routine news story , He stumbled onto a nefarious conspiracy To create a mindless subservient race of second class Citizens called subhumanoids . This biogenetic obscenity was horrendous plot Of the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation . It was also the horrendous plot of " Class Of Nuke Em High Part 2 . " The subhumanoids were genetically designed and bred To perform human beings unpleasant chores And undesirable functions , such as fighting wars in miserable Third world countries , and cleaning Offices , and disposing of unrecyclable non Deposit glass bottles . [ BURP ] More important , these subhumanoids Worked for peanuts , and therefore Brought the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation gross revenues , Which were huge . The obvious difference between humans and subhumanoid Was the extra set of lips where their belly buttons should be . One of these subhumanoids was my mother . Subhumanoids were unable to produce Their own offspring by mating with each other , Although they enjoyed trying . WOMAN : Oh , yes , yes , yes , yes ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : In order to have a baby , A subhumanoid had to mate with a human . So the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation in its greed To create more and more subhumanoid Babies manipulated the good students of Tromaville Tech Into fornicating with the subhumanoids , and that 's How my mom and dad met . My mother and father , in spite of being victims Of an evil , cynical , and obscene money grubbing experiment Fell head over heels in love . While dad was getting used to mom 's subhumanoid lips , Problems were developing with the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation 's Subhumanoid baby program . Everything seemed like a piece of cake , But it was really a mess . It was soon revealed the subhumanoids were unstable , And after six months , they began melting down Into disgusting gobs of green goo , which were gross , but kind Of cute and would make great toys for kids , And adults like them , too . The creator of the subhumanoids was the brilliant , But misguided Professor Melvina Holt , And she desperately tried to develop an antidote To the meltdown syndrome . Unfortunately , because of negligence In disposing of the hideously toxic meltdown byproducts , One of the good squirrels of Tromaville mutated Into a giant , disgusting , belching , farting , urinating Monster squirrel , which began destroying the Tromaville Institute of Technology and its state of the art student Run nuclear power facility . Unfortunately , the mutant monster squirrel Annihilated a lot of Tromavillians , Including many of the principal actors in " Class Of Nuke Em High Part Two . " Fortunately , those annihilated included The sadistic gang leader Yoke . Unfortunately , Yoke 's more handsome , but less Intellectually brilliant younger sibling , Li 'l Eggwhite , Survived to take over the gang . Yeah ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Fortunately , it turned out Professor Holt did indeed create an antidote To the subhumanoid meltdown syndrome . Unfortunately , the miscreant mutant squirrel thought Professor Holt was his mommy . PROFESSOR HOLT : No , I 'm not your mother ! [ SCREAMING ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Fortunately , my father Got the antidote from Professor Holt And was able to give it to my mother . What my parents didn 't know was that they weren 't the only ones To survive the destruction . Miraculously , Professor Holt crawled through the rubble Back to the subterranean chambers Beneath the main nuclear reactor core , where Her beloved subhumanoid birthing laboratories Would hold whatever remained of her top secret experiments . Unfortunately , her unethical sellout to corporate greed Had subjected her body to low level symptoms Of the meltdown syndrome . Fortunately , at least her beehive hairdo Remained intact since her hairspray contained Beeswax from plenty of bees . Unfortunately , they were PC bees , And the incredible heat produced by her meltdown Syndrome symptoms resulted in spontaneous combustion . [ SCREAMING ] PROFESSOR HOLT : At least I still have my hair . [ SCREAMING ] My hair ! Where did it go ? Where is it ? [ LAUGHTER ] My hair . Oh , my precious hair . Where is it ? Well , well , well , if it isn 't the lovely Professor Holt . I see you got a hair cut . PROFESSOR HOLT : It was so beautiful . Hey professor , you 're real ugly now . [ LAUGHTER ] Why , I oughta ! Take that , you fat [ INAUDIBLE ] . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : While Professor Holt and Li 'l Eggwhite got reacquainted , So did my mom and dad . After Tromaville was leveled and the raging fires were put out , My mother and father did what came naturally . They fucked their brains out , and I was conceived . Meanwhile , the Nuke-A-Mama corporate powers Did what came naturally . They conceived a new plant . The sadistic genius , Dr. Slag PhD , Was sent to rebuild the Tromaville Institute Of Technology and nuclear power plant as a cover For the heinous mission . So while my father 's good and true seed Was nurtured in my mother 's subhumanoid belly , The evil seed of Dr. Slag Phd 's plan Was planted deep beneath Tromaville . Dr. Slag PhD ! What are you doing here ? Professor Holt . The Nuke-A-Mama Corporation Sent me down here to clean up the mess That you made of our plans . Now I must brief all of you about our new mission . BOTH : New mission ? That 's right . New mission on behalf of the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation . We must use Professor Holt 's subhumanoids To achieve the ultimate and unspeakable wealth and power . Our new research shows that the mating of humans And subhumanoids produces offspring which are much more Than just mindless laborers . The chemistry of these babies is also a source of cheap energy . Holt 's subhumanoids hold the key . But Dr. Slag PhD , all of the subhumanoids Melted down in " Class of Nuke Em High Part Two , " And in the beginning of this movie . All but one , Dr. Slag PhD . They all melted down but one . Victoria lives . I gave her boyfriend , Roger Smith , The antidote to the meltdown syndrome , So I 'm sure that she lives . It is she who holds your precious key , Dr. Slag PhD . It 's good you still have a sense of humor , Holt , Because you 're going to need it when we hunt this girl down , And watch her , and weight for her to become heavy with child , For when that baby comes out of that second set Of subhumanoid lips in his mother 's belly , That baby will be the ultimate power source , which will Further enrich the few of us who hold shares In the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation . This power source is unlike any other . More powerful than nuclear fission , coal , or oil . You see , squirrels , the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation has a plan to rebuild Tromaville And the rest of the world . [ CHEERING ] We will watch and observe . When she has that baby , we will be there . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : While Dr. Slag PhD 's plan grew To full term , so did I , and while the good people Of Tromaville prepared for the rebirth Of the campus and reactor , my parents Prepared for the birth of me . [ CHATTER ] Then finally the happy day arrived . Tromaville Hospital had the finest , most sophisticated Staff , the finest , most sophisticated Equipment , and the finest , most sophisticated patients . [ GROAN ] The facility 's all inclusive services covered The entire medical spectrum . So what seems to be the problem ? ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : From treatment Of restricting underwear . I can 't stop watching low budget bad ass movies ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : To the removal of tattoos from toes . Following the example of the Tromaville Diner , The Tromaville hospital offered an early birth special . So as the birth contractions came , Mom and pop drove to the hospital extra Fast , because they only paid half price if they Got there before 6 o 'clock . Ah ! Ugh ! Ah ! Oh , I found 10 bucks . WOMAN : Fetal monitor . WOMAN : Normal . WOMAN : Pulse rate . WOMAN : Normal . WOMAN : How much is she dilated ? WOMAN : She 's dilated three feet ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : This was the first time ever That natural childbirth techniques were Used to deliver a subhumanoid . As with all subhumanoid births , this one Would occur through the extra set of lips In the belly , which are unique to the subhumanoids . The Nuke-A-Mama corporate gang soon arrived on the scene . One positive side effect of Professor Holt 's experiments Was the rapid regrowth of her astounding Hair due to her exposure to toxic growth hormones . In , out . Out , in . Out , in . Out . She 's not listening . Now , Victoria , take it easy . You 're doing fine . In , out . Just like we practiced . [ GROANING ] Is this were Victoria , the last subhumanoid , Is giving birth to her human husband 's child ? No , this is the podiatric ward . I believe you 're looking for the pediatric ward . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : The birthing was a textbook case . [ YELLING ] Someone help me . Roger . [ YELLING ] I 'm not an animal ! [ BURP ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : The incredible beauty Of subhumanoid birth overwhelmed dad , He did his best not to throw up . While he was in the waiting room composing himself , The Nuke-A-Mama corporate gang was closing in . The gang entered the delivery room and waylaid the nurses . [ YELLING ] Whoa ! VICTORIA : Roger , is that you ? Roger , I 'm in transition ! Help ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : And came back in high Tech sophisticated disguises . Oh , no ! Not the novelty nose ! Roger , help me ! Oh , no ! Not the novelty beard ! Oh , no ! Not the novelty squirting flower and eye patch ! Oh , no . I 'm pushing . It 's coming . Oh ! [ CRYING ] Oh my god . Look at the size of that umbilical cord . Cut it ! VICTORIA : Stop , you idiot ! That 's no umbilical cord . The baby is a boy . Everything is going exactly as I planned . Now we have the power source . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : My father did not Know that the evil Dr. Slag PhD was stealing his precious baby . The hospital went about its normal business . Nobody knew that a baby was being stolen . Doctor , can I try a little bit . No , no . That 's later . That 's later . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : My father went back into the delivery Room , and as is typically the case , The highly paid obstetricians were nowhere to be found . Suddenly , my father had a warm glowing powerful feeling That this was going to be a special birth . It was a proud moment . VICTORIA : I can 't stand you . I never could stand you . Everything about you is terrible . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Since mom was giving birth , Dad did what cam naturally . He stuck in his hand and pulled out a beautiful , well mannered , Charming , good natured , healthy , positively motivated , Versatile baby boy , who was also a good dancer- - me ! VICTORIA : Why you yellow bellied sap sucker . I can 't believe you did this to me ! Breathe . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Pop was so proud . He did not suspect for a minute that twins had been born Or that one had been stolen . WOMAN : Her pulse rate is dropping . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Then tragedy struck . Cardiac arrest . [ BEEPING ] Clear ! Clear ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Mom expired on the bed , Her body already growing cold . Dad was devastated at losing his beloved Victoria , And never knew that she had given Him not one , but two sons . Nobody knew that there were subhumanoid twins . And so the bad guys transported their baby To their hideout in the nuclear power plant To be reared in evil ways , oblivious to the fact That there was another twin . [ WHINING ] Come on . Get up . Come on , boy . Coochie coochie coo . [ BELL RINGING ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : And the good guy transported his baby To Tromaville to be reared by the forces Of goodness and kindness . My dad was also oblivious to the fact That there was another twin . Dad named me Adlai , and Dr. Slag PhD and Professor Holt named their baby Dick . While I was being taught the Tromavillian ways of world Peace through celluloid and dancing in the streets , Dick was being taught the evil ways Of corporate elitism gone mad , but all this intercutting Is taking too long . Let 's go to the split screen to save time . BOTH : It was a wonderful thing , raising a child . Little Adlai brought such joy to our home . Little Dick brought such joy to our hide out . BOTH : But it seemed like he was growing up so quickly . I soon realized that he really was growing up so quickly . PROFESSOR HOLT ( VOICEOVER ) : Dick was taught the ways Of violence and machine guns . ROGER ( VOICEOVER ) : Adlai was taught The ways of small Japanese electronics products . PROFESSOR HOLT ( VOICEOVER ) : Dick grew up quickly and could Soon beat any rodent member of the Nuke-A-Mama corporate gain . ROGER ( VOICEOVER ) : Adlai grew quickly And was soon head of the insect appreciation club . BOTH : A side effect to the human and subhumanoid gene Combination seemed to accelerate normal growth By about 10 times . At first , we were concerned about this rapid growth- - - Pattern . - Rate . BOTH : But tests seemed to indicate that little- - Adlai was slowing down . Dick was slowing down , and would soon level off- - And would probably level off- - BOTH : To a more normal growth- - Rate upon completion of the adolescent phase . Upon completion of the adolescent phase . BOTH : Or approximately 19 months from birth . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : But getting back to my story , I grew up good and true , and at 19 months of age , I graduated summa cum Troma from high school . Dad was so proud . Because I grew up so fast , upon graduation dad Let me take my extremely capable and efficient wet nurse . Her name was Trish , and we were in love . At the same time , there was an evil graduation For my twin brother Dick in the bowels Of the nuclear power plant . Trish gave up wet nursing and joined me As a freshman at the Tromaville Institute of Technology , Which had been rebuilt inside the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation 's Brand new nuclear power plant . This new nuclear facility was as dangerous as any other , But was much less obtrusive because it didn 't have The normal nuclear plant towers , which Are so expensive to duplicate in special effects shots . It was camouflaged to look more like a sugar refinery To blend in with the beautiful and lush Tromaville landscape , And wasn 't so offensive to those bleeding Heart environmentalists . The nuclear reactor 's central control room Was a place not just for science , But also humanities , liberal arts , And philosophical debates . MAN : The egg came first . I don 't care what you say . The chicken came first . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : The Nuke-A-Mama Corporation Built a new lab for Professor Holt , where she began Cloning experiments based on the essential elements Of earth , air , fire , and water . A wolf clone for earth and air . A dragon clone for fire , and a fish head clone for water . The campus hallways were once again bustling With people going to classes . Tromaville Institute of Technology Had fully recovered from the near disaster of two years ago . Young scholars once again pursued individual studies , Participated in lively academic debates , Developed mature relationships , and interacted with the highly Esteemed faculty . Independent studies were explored By all the student body under the guidance Of scholarly advisors . You can 't have sex in front of Mr. Substitute . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : And although they Were free to pick their own course of studies From a curriculum that included oceanographic studies . Come lick my starfish , baby . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : And cinema studies , Featuring " Dances with Wolves , " and other great Works by Troma alumni . Students freely accepted the input of their professors , As long as they stayed in their hermetically sealed suits . My own studies proceeded rapidly , As did my romance with dear Trish , accelerated and inspired By our shared political consciousness For an earth threatening environmental cause . Save the boll weevil . Thanks , honey . Please , folks , give to save the boll weevil . The boll weevil has a right to live in our society . Slam , you gotta donate . He 's got a place in our animal kingdom . Damn ! Gosh , Trish , this blatant disregard for the boll weevil Really gets my goat . I mean , you 'd have to be blind not to realize That if the weevil dies out , cotton will run rampant , And if cotton runs rampant , well , gee , There 'll be no synthetic polyester leisure suits . I mean , Western civilization owes a lot to the boll weevil . Don 't worry , Adlai . If we keep working and striving , the weevil won 't be forgotten . Gosh , I love you , Trish . Gosh , Adlai , you just broke your rule Of public display of affection . Ah , I know it 's kooky , Trish , but sometimes I just can 't resist you . Yo , dude , save the boll weevil , please ! [ GURGLING ] Excuse me . I just haven 't been feeling too well since I started Working at the nuclear plant . Oh , what 's wrong , dear ? We had another one of them plutonium fires . I don 't know . I think I got contaminated . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Trish and I were so excited over raising $ 0.75 for the boll weevil that we went back to my dorm room To celebrate . Oh , Adlai . All that talk about the boll weevil really turns me on . Wouldn 't you like to watch some TV ? Adlai ! Adlai , don 't you find me attractive ? ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Boy , did I ever . What I loved about Trish was that she was so innocent , so Clean , so fresh , so young , so shy , so healthy , So bouncy , so full of life . Trish knew that she had a big double exam coming up , And she was full of nervous energy , Knowing that she would be up all night cramming . Oh , Adlai . Oh , you 're so good . Oh , boll weevil me , Adlai . Oh ! Do the boll weevil on me . Oh , you 're so good . I love it ! Boll weevil me ! Boll ! Oh ! Oh , please stop ! I can 't take anymore . Are you sure that 's enough ? Yes , I can 't take anymore right now . All right , then I love . But wait , you didn 't get a chance to finish , did you ? No , but I don 't care . As long as you 're happy , that 's all that matters for me . I actually enjoy having blue balls . Adlai , I love you . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Although I was one with Trish , A little did I know that at that very moment somewhere In outer Tromaville , a part of me , my very own genes , Were implicated in a hideous evil training session . DR SLAG PHD : Dick , now you must continue with your training By taking on the mad armor clad lad . Bring on the armor man . Let the training begin . [ GRUNTING ] Now , use the silly string . [ GRUNTING ] [ GRUNTING ] Now , the badminton rackets ! Surfboard ! [ GRUNTING ] Uh , who 's winning ? [ CRASH ] [ SCREAMING ] [ CRASH ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Meanwhile , at the heady heights Of my maleness with Trish , it happened again . What 's the matter , honey ? I just can 't shake that feeling that I 'm not A whole person , that a part of me Is floating around in the world somewhere . DR SLAG PHD : Dick , I am glad you are so bad And that you defeated the mad armor clad lad . Excellent , Dick . Your progress is steady . Soon you 'll be allowed to use your skills In the world at large . I sure hope so , but I 'm telling you I keep those same dreams Where that little voice keeps telling me that there 's Something in the world for me to look for , Like half my body is out there waiting For me to find it or something . Why Dick , you wax poetic . I wish there was some way I could help you . Oh , Trish , just keep being yourself . That 's all the help I need from you . Now , you don 't want another lobotomy , do you ? Sir , no thanks . I 'll keep my mind on maiming and killing , sir . That 's better . Besides you know that we are striving to genetically create A biological counterpart , which will Undoubtedly remedy that feeling of incompleteness you sense . Alone you have good power , but with a genetic clone , Your power will be incredible . Or to put it another way , two Dicks are better than one . I know it , sir . Excuse me ! Dr. Slack PhD ! Yes , what is it Professor Holt ? And it better be good , or I 'm gonna have your nipples Pierced with soldering irons . I 've already done that , Dr. Slag PhD . Oh yes , that 's right . What a show it was , huh , Li 'l Eggwhite ? Shut up , Li 'l Eggwhite . Well , Dr. Slag PhD , we have the final cloning results . And I bet it 's just another miserable failure . [ SNAP ] PROFESSOR HOLT : Au contrare , we simply put A set of swimming flippers on an iguana with sinus congestion . [ LAUGHTER ] Oh , Patrice , I 'm so glad you appreciate A good sense of humor . Perhaps you would like to participate In a little demonstration of this lovely creature 's Special powers . No ! No ! No ! [ SCREAMING ] Ow ! Oh ! I 'm on fire . [ INAUDIBLE ] [ INAUDIBLE ] my skin , my hair ! [ INAUDIBLE ] What a shame . She had such good hands , didn 't she , my Li 'l Eggwhite ? Great hands , Dr. Slag PhD . Now you see why cloning is so crucial to our purpose . Don 't worry , Dick . We 'll soon set you up with a counterpart , and when we do , You 'll be so powerful you 'll make What that mutant did to that girl look like heavy petting . Petting . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : I felt strange And lost that amorous feeling , so I Sent Trish back to her dorm room , but Trish was persistent . [ FARTING ] [ PHONE RINGING ] [ PHONE RINGING ] Hello ? Hi , sweetie . Oh , hi , Trishy . Oh , you don 't sound very excited to hear from me . Oh , heck , Trishy , you know I 'm always Excited to hear from you . It 's just I have this big entomology exam tomorrow , And you know how much that class means to me . Well , you know I want you to get an A in whatever that is . Although I was hoping that maybe we could get together And I could give you a little inspiration . You 're not doing that phone thing again , are you ? Oh , Trish . You give new meaning to fiber optics . Trish , you know I can 't take it when You put the phone down there . Oh . Oh , I love you Trish , but I just can 't do it . Entomology class is just too important to throw Away on a night of passion . Gosh , I guess you 're right . I 'm sorry . Can you ever find a way to forgive me ? Of course I forgive you . You 're my little grasshopper . Kiss kiss . Darn , another hard on . Well , I guess there 's nothing to do except read a little More until I can fall asleep . Oh , the boll weevil thrust its long , slender , throbbing nose Into the wet cotton ball amidst the disgusting black fluid . Oh ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : I 'm having the dream Again- - the melon heavy dream . I 'm in a room with smoke and Trish and her sisters , The grasshoppers , come . They 're trying to tell me something about entomology . They 're telling me about grasshoppers . I am happy . Then it happens again . I 'm drawn to Trish . As she turns around , her face has changed . Something is very wrong . As if born out of all evil come hideous creatures . The spirits urge me on . I don 't want to strangle Trish , but I can 't control myself . The more I try to unlock my fingers , the tighter they get . It 's as if I 'm strangling all that 's Bad- - my own sex , my guilt . She is a limp cockroach . Suddenly I hear a voice . Adlai . Dick . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : The fecund stomach calls to me . The first maker . I cannot stop myself . I am drawn to it . It reaches out to me , the magna mater , the spirit of all That 's pleasurable , but the symbol of all that 's Perverse and evil . Two extremely trendy well dressed Lesbian spirits exhort me . All of the spirits combine their powers to join the exhortation . I do the only logical thing under the circumstances . I stick my hand in . They cry out in exultation . As if being born again , my arm is warm . It is wet . It 's lie up like a fucking Christmas tree . Dick ! Dick ! All I can think of is Dick ! And the dream ends the same way it always does . I say something , but I don 't know what I mean . I don 't know why I say it . I say Dick must never find out . Why do I feel there 's a Dick out there ? My hand ! It 's glowing . It 's yellow ! Yellow is not my color . Oh god , I need water ! Wake me up ! I 'm not dreaming . My hand is hard and stiff . I can 't move my fingers , but I seem to be Able to control this power . DR SLAG PHD : Well , Dick , I brought these bored housewives Here tonight to see you take on my most lethal challenge . Roller blade warriors , whom I 've personally Trained from prepubescence . They are armed with deadly lead pipes Cleverly disguised to look like harmless PG rated wiffle bats . [ GROANING ] [ GROANING ] Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa ! Oh ! Ugh . [ GROANING ] WOMAN : Whoa , he put his hand through his head . That wasn 't part of the training . [ RIBBIT ] DR SLAG PHD : Well , Dick , my boy , you finally Found your purpose in life . Those students , all they think about is safety . So who 's gotta check their cables for the annual festival Tonight ? Me . The cables are fine . [ SCREAMING ] [ FARTING ] Yes . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : One special day , Something unusual happened . Oh , Adlai , it 's so cold in here . ADLAI : Here , let me warm up the room . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : I decided to try and make My hand glow like in the dream . My hand got very hard and stiff , but I could control its power . I suppose there 's some good things I have With this new power after all . [ KNOCKING ] Great article , Adlai . Thank you , captain . Wow . Look at the headline , Adlai . Gosh , I 'm so excited , Trish . My first article in the school paper , A feature on the annual Tromaville Night Fest . You 're gonna be just like your dad . Well , I don 't know about that one , Trish . He was a wild one to hear tell . Why , I hear all sorts of crazy stories From people that went to school with him That are still around today . Wow . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Trish and I decided to play hooky . It was the first time I missed class , And I felt guilty because we were going to have A lesson on water bug sex . Oh ! ADLAI : That feels good . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : I couldn 't help thinking About my special power . I could make my hand light up or not at my own will , But what was I supposed to do with it ? What was my destiny ? What will I do with my life ? Will I be more than just a disposal flashlight , Or will I achieve truth , peace , and justice ? I don 't know why , but I decided to do Something crazy with my hand . It turned out that my hand had a power that Could be used across 15 feet . My hand brought Trish to a higher place , Where she was at one with me . Now it was revealed to me that my power could Be used for the force of good . We could have gone on pleasuring each other all night long , But we stopped to rest because tonight was The annual festival , and we had to get to the plant In time for the festivities . Little did we know that a mishap at the nuclear reactor Had shut down power to the festival . Fortunately , the well rehearsed safety Evacuation drills were followed perfect , and nobody panicked . [ SCREAMING ] How are we going to get our power back ? Why does the faculty advisor have to be away on sabbatical When this happens ? - Chicken . - Egg . - Chicken . - Egg . Egg . Egg . You egghead , chicken came first . No , it was the egg . The chicken . ANNOUNCER ( ON INTERCOM ) : Your attention please . Evacuate the festival grounds immediately , And go to the north reactor for an urgent announcement By Professor Chernobyl . Thank you for your cooperation . You guys are gonna love this . This is great . This is great . Attention people of Tromaville . My name is Professor Chernobyl , and I Have some good news for you and some bad news for you . First , the bad news . I was just informed by the police That we are experiencing technical difficulties here At Tromaville nuclear facilities . If we can 't procure a superheated nuclear catalyst In the next 10 minutes , we can no longer Restore power to your festival . [ SIGHING ] I 'm sorry , but it gets better . Much better . Uh , folks , you see , a result in systems shut down Creates the possibility of a major explosion Here at the plant , showering all of us with radioactive water . [ LAUGHTER ] Ain 't that special ? We 'll all die , and this pisses me off , Because I spent the last two years of my life teaching Your little idiots how to read , write , educate Yourselves , behave yourselves . What kind of thanks do I get ? I don 't get dick . I would like to vomit on each and every one of you . I 'm sorry . Got a little carried away . What we are suggesting is that all of you Grab your radiation suits , rush to your home , And cover yourself with eight inch thick blankets of lead . Those of you who took my nuclear survival class will survive . Those of you who didn 't . Tough . [ GASPS ] Oh , now the good news . Drinks are half price at the cafeteria . Thanks for your patience and have a nice day . [ SCREAMING ] Gosh , Adlai , what are we gonna do ? We 're never gonna make it through this crowd To the student union fallout shelter in time . Well , there 's another shelter in town , But town is going to be just as crowded . Hey , wait a minute . I have an idea . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : It suddenly occurred to me . If my hand could pleasure Trish so greatly , Surely it could replace a nuclear reactor core . By now , all of Tromaville lay in darkness , And just as my hand had brought Trish to a higher place with me Earlier that evening , it now brought peace to the students , And they stopped their foolish panic . Soon they rallied behind me to the main nuclear core control Room , where the highly skilled technicians valiantly Fought to save Tromaville from catastrophe . - Chicken ! - Egg ! - Chicken ! - Egg ! Chicken ! [ INAUDIBLE ] . Egg ! Chicken ! Egg ! SCIENTIST 1 : Chicken ! SCIENTIST 2 : Egg ! SCIENTIST 1 : Chicken ! Egg ! Young man , I 'm going to have to ask you to leave . You don 't understand . I 've simply got to get inside that reactor . Absolutely not ! That is entirely out of the question . Why , we may have a very dangerous situation here . One that even trained professionals May not be able to handle . Look , this plant could go up any second , And you 've done all you can . Why shouldn 't you let me give it a chance ? Out ! Get out ! He 's right . Why not ? Absolutely no chance . I 'd die first . Look , what have you got to lose . Let him in , or we 'll rip your head off . Yeah . Just kill her . MAN : Yeah ! Let 's rip her head off ! Yeah ! Kill her ! Yeah ! Yeah ! OK . Go ahead . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : As I gazed into Trish 's Beautiful grasshopper eyes , I realized that now I Had full control over my power and could Light my hand at will . I knew that the fate of Tromaville and the world as we Know it lay in the power of my hand . I rushed to the main reactor with only seconds to spare , And even though the reactor attendants had given up All hope and were abandoning the power core , My destiny was to find me here in the form Of an even greater power . As I put my hand into the reactor core , All the lights of Tromaville blazed back to life , And there was much rejoicing . [ CHEERING ] Trish was so proud . Now I had discovered my purpose in life- - That my power was indeed a force of good , Which could be used for the betterment of all mankind . Clean up that mercury spill . Mayor Smith is about to give a press conference . Toxins , shmoxins . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : After the success Of " Class of Nuke Em High Part 2 , " Dad was elected mayor , not just because he had really Put Tromaville on the map , but because really He was the only person who could find Tromaville on the map . Ladies and gentlemen , it does me great pleasure to honor The person that we honor today . Not long after the campus experienced The tragedy of subhumanoid meltdown And the subsequent defeat of its evil rulers , My wife gave birth to a little boy , But sadly passed away afterward . It was a bleak time in Tromaville history , And many people felt our city was destined to ruin , But we fought the odds and built back up stronger than ever . Victoria , god rest her souls- - both of them- - left me With a part of her that gave me strength During those tough times , and that part of her stands Before you today . What a beautiful moment . As newly elected mayor of Tromaville , It does me proud to make it my first duty To present my son , Adlai Smith , with the key to the city . Good work , son . Thank you , dad . [ CHEERING ] Yes , go ahead , sir . Hi , is true that Adlai is the cleanest source of power The nuclear plant has ever used . Yes , in fact it is true , which is Why I 've created a new cabinet post , minister of energy , Which Adlai will be the first to fill . His main responsibility will be to power reactor During the day and to charge its reserve Batteries for the night , giving us the cleanest Burning Tromaville ever . [ APPLAUSE ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Meanwhile , Doctor Slag PhD Was watching his favorite Toxic Avenger Movie on the Troma afternoon cinema classics theater . When the news came on showing Mayor Smith 's press conference , He discovered much to his surprise That his protege , Dick , had a twin . ADLAI ( ON TV ) : Most of all , I am proud to receive this big key . Dick has a twin . What do you mean , Dr. Slag PhD ? I just saw Dick 's twin brother on the 6 o 'clock news . Well , what are we going to do now ? Just this . We know that since Dick is one half of a set of twins There must be the potential within him For a full set of powers , but only if he 's joined with one Whose ability complements his . We know that our attempts to create such a being Have failed consistently . By the way , what was the results of the latest attempt ? We ended up with the bodiless head with big metal teeth . What ability can he possibly have ? Well , he 'd make a pretty damn good bottle opener . Remind me to have your eyeballs lanced in the morning . Yes , sir , Dr. Slag PhD . In any event , if we are to unleash the potential for power That rests within Dick , we have no other choice But to couple him with the only one who will ever exist With complementary powers . Namely , Adlai Smith , his twin brother . How are we ever going to get him to join our ranks ? DR SLAG PHD : I know exactly how . Trust me , Professor Holt , I have a plan . I love you plans , Dr. Slag , PhD . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Thanks to the power source in my hand , Everything was great again at the Tromaville Nuclear power facility . The power was back on . The annual festivities were celebrated without a hitch , And the only problem was I had to spend half the day With my hand in the nuclear reactor core sitting On a hard chair and was developing Some awful subhumanoid hemorrhoids , not to mention A bad case of the sniffles . Hey , Adlai . What do you want for breakfast in the morning ? - A-choo ! - Oh ! - Oh my ! - Gesundheit ! Bless you . Are you OK ? No , that 's disgusting . MAN : Look at him . He 's taking his hand out . MAN : Power 's jumping . A-choo ! [ BEEPING ] MAN : Hey ! MAN : What happened ? MAN : The lights went out . MAN : Hey , bozo , put your hand back in . MAN : Geez , Adlai , we 're trying to run a nuclear power plant . Here . MAN : All the lights in Tromaville went out . MAN : Oh , a little boogey snot never hurt anyone , Adlai . We 're counting on you for the power . See you in the morning . We 'll bring you some eggs . Low fat yogurt there , Adlai . That boy didn 't have to sneeze . That was selfish of him . [ PHONE RINGING ] Hello ? TRISH ( ON PHONE ) : Hi , sweetie . Hi , beetle bug head . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Even though I had To sit there most of the day , I did feel great about the fact That the good students of Tromaville Were able to go about their own business , Studying and preparing for exams , But while I was doing good , Slag was doing bad . His plan was to use my twin brother , Dick , to turn The good students against me . PROFESSOR HOLT : All right , all you clones put on your trench Coats to cover up your disgusting mutated body so That you won 't be noticed by the students in the dorm . Now get out of here . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : While I was sitting With my hand in the reactor core , Dick was duped by the bad guys to impersonate me and beat up On the good students . The students mistook Dick for me since they had bad eyesight And mistook everyone . My name was about to be dragged through isotopic mud . STUDENT : Hi , Adlai . STUDENT : Hey , Adlai , why 'd you dye your hair black ? And I know my father wants me to work here and all , But sometimes I think I 'd just rather be some- - STUDENT : Hey , Adlai . Hey , Adlai . Now , Adlai- - Don 't choke me . Yo , Adlai . What it is ? What 's going on ? What ? Whoa ! Ah ! Ah , somebody give me a Kleenex . Do it , Adlai . [ GUNSHOTS ] WOMAN : All right . Oh , stop it , Adlai . That 's mister Adlai sir to you , and give me 20 % Of your allowance from now on . Come on , Adlai . Go , Adlai ! Uh , Kleenex ? Lordy , lordy , lordy , oh , no ! Now students , no running in the dorm halls ! Safety first ! Ah ! Now I 'll choke the guard again . Ah , Adlai ! [ SCREAMING ] I 'm better than you . Oh ! You must die ! I wanna have the worst haircut on campus . [ CRASH ] What 's going on here ? Male chauvinist pigs . [ GUNSHOTS ] Oh , she got me ! You kids should be doing your homework ! Off with your nuts ! Ah ! You got me . Campus cop . Ugh ! You know the dress code , Adlai ! Ugh , uh , never mind . MAN : All bikini girls back to the truck . DICK : Your name is Susan ? Here , Susan ! SUSAN : Ah ! DICK : That 's your boyfriend ? BOYFRIEND : Ah ! DICK : Take that ! This is your dog ? Here ! Hi , Adlai . Oh ! Ah ! Ugh ! DICK : Why do they call me Adlai ? Isn 't that a girl 's name ? Something fishy is going on here . Watch it , Dick . Fish head doesn 't like that kind of talk . It 's cold out tonight . I 'd give anything for a sweater . He 's cold , dragon clone . I 'll warm him up . Oh , I love this part . Ah ! Ah ! I 'm on fire ! Ow ! Oh ! Hot , hot ! Ow , oh ! Hot , hot ! I 'm on fire ! I 'm on fire ! Oh , [ INAUDIBLE ] hot , prickly . Yeah . Oh yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Oh , we kicked some good Tromaville butt . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : I passed out from the intensity Of the energy convergence of me and my brother . So how was work today , honey ? We had another one of them plutonium fires today . Oh , no . Yeah , I feel a little dizzy , but , uh , They said I was gonna be fine . Just fine . Gosh , are you sure something like that can 't Mess with your chroma genes . Oh , honey , I don 't think so . Come up here . Woo ! Gosh , you split me like a pancake , baby . Shh . Shh . George , wait . I feel so funny being here in Trish 's room . Oh , don 't worry . We got all the time in the world . Well , oh , I can 't- - We got hours . We 're gonna be here for a long time , honey . We 're gonna be here all day . If you say , baby . We 're gonna- - we 're gonna- - we 're- - we 're done . We 're done ? Yeah . Thanks . Gosh , Trish , I tell you it was the nuttiest thing . I was just sitting there , and all of a sudden It was like I could picture that massacre in the dorm Like it was happening right in front of me , And the funniest thing is it was like I was doing it myself Or like another part of me was out there doing it . Well , maybe- - maybe it has something To do with that power of yours . Like , maybe you 're psychic , too . Psychic ? Geez . But I never had any experiences like that in my life before . Anyway , there 's one thing I don 't need Any psychic ability to know . What 's that ? That I love you , Trish . Oh . Ah ! Oh , sorry . Tell me you love me , baby . Oh , go ahead. spit it out . - - [ SINGING ] Well , there 's a movement Spreading across the land and everywhere you roll . It 's a might wave of jobless folks and people without homes . And you may not have yet felt the touch of this new age Sweeping through , but I 'm here today to tell you , my friends , You can drop your worries . Be homeless , too . So let 's say the Nuke-A-Mama Corporation for creating This path we now walk on . Maybe we 've achieved an enlightened path of homeless So they can get rid of us and drop the bomb . [ BURP ] You know , I used to think when I saw , Like , homeless people wandering around with no food , No money- - I used to go , that 's stupid ! And then I thought , well , wait a second . Maybe they don 't have a home , and they don 't have any money , So that 's not so stupid . So that is the reason why we , the students of Troma Tech , Are here tonight- - to make a stand . We are going to suffer with you each and every night . No longer are we going to listen to our stereos , our music , Listen to our telephones , go to our fridge With our abundance of food . Rodeo Drive pizza delivery . MAN : Oh boy , I 'm famished . Pizza 's here . That 'll be $ 225.50 . [ CHATTER ] Sun dried tomatoes . Mine 's with shiitake mushrooms . I 've got the tuna steak . Oh , no . I wanted [ INAUDIBLE ] caviar . Not beluga ! [ CHEERING ] - Watch out ! - Watch out ! Yeah ! Come on ! Yeah ! All right ! Kick his ass ! Yeah ! Ugh ! Ah ! Ugh ! Ah ! And boy , if I could only figure out- - [ HOWLING ] Don 't grab my arm ! Please , don 't ! Don 't ! I asked you not my arm . WOMAN : Look out , the dragon clone ! Adlai , what 's the matter ? MAN : Burn up , dragon clone . Oh , no . Ah ! I 'm on fire ! Ah , I 'm on fire ! WOMAN : Stay away from the fence ! It 's electrified ! Ah ! It 's electrified ! Ah ! . It 's electrified . Oh , my god . DICK : I 'm gonna smash your head until your brain oozes Through my fingers . No ! No ! No ! [ GUNSHOTS ] [ SCREAMING ] Let 's get out of here . Let 's go to the grocery store and get Some marshmallows to roast . [ COLLECTIVE AW ] Damn , I don 't know what got into me ! I had this college punk by the throat ready to put My fist through his face . I mean , I could practically feel his brains Oozing through my fingers . What a wimp . I 'm telling you I couldn 't wait . It 's OK . Don 't worry about it . You subhumanoid putz . And all of a sudden it was like another person was inside me . No spine . Telling me not to do it . Listen , I 've seen this dozens of times . Why , when I was in the special forces I used to hide in the food locker . I don 't to hear your damn war stories . They bore me . Don 't worry , kid . You did just fine . I take it back , Dick . I 'm sorry I called you a subhumanoid putz . Cheer up . ANNOUCER ( ON INTERCOM ) : Your attention , please . All points bulletin . Be on the look out for Adlai Smith . He 's believed to be armed and dangerous and wearing A smelly black jacket . Now class , you all have copies of the report which gives us Reason to believe that Adlai Smith led last night 's Vicious attack on the good innocent homeless People of Tromaville , killing and injuring 25 people . Much worse , he died his hair black And wore an ugly black suit with a skull on the back . I believe it 's now time for you , the good students Of Tromaville , to go on the attack . Not me ! What ? Not me ! Not me ! So I said , go ahead and do something then . Oh , George . George , can I speak to you for a minute ? Alone ? Sure . What 's up ? I 'm pregnant . Who 's the lucky fella ? Well , you are . There 's no way . That 's impossible . Look , you 're the father of my child . I haven 't made love to anybody else . You can 't have a baby now . I- - I got- - I got my career at the plant . I got school . You know , I 've got another other boyfriend . You 're just gonna have to have an abortion . That 's all there is to it . But I 'll tell you what- - and I think I 'm a heck of a guy for even suggesting this- - But I 'll give you a ride down to the free clinic . You will , George ? Gosh , you 're so sweet . Yeah , that 's what they all say . I 'll see you tomorrow . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Because of what my evil twin was Doing , all of the good students of Tromaville Turned against me . Only Trish was true blue . I was the luckiest guy on the face of the earth . Gosh , Trish , even though you were able to tell the police I Was with you when those homeless supporters were attacked , I think that guy 's story has hurt my reputation a bit . Listen , I won 't have you knocking yourself for things That you didn 't do . Yeah , but what 's really got me worried Is what all this is going to mean to my dad . I mean , the first thing he does as mayor is appoint me To a cabinet post , and now his own son Is considered to be , like , the worst criminal In Tromaville 's history . Soon they 'll catch this maniac , and you won 't Have anything to worry about . Don 't worry . All the students love you , Adlai . There he is . Hey , why don 't you shut down the power plant And save yourself some trouble of having To kill us all personally . Stop Adlai now . Stop Adlai . Stop Adlai now . DR SLAG PHD ( ON RADIO ) : Come in , Dick . This is Dr. Slag PhD . If you can hear me through the radio speaker in your ear , Punch the guy in the orange suit in the face . Ah ! Oh ! DR SLAG PHD ( ON RADIO ) : Now you are going to do Everything that I tell you . Everyone , go into the grocery store And act like normal shoppers . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Even though it Seemed that Dick was my evil twin , It turned out that he wasn 't . He was just a tool of Dr. Slag PhD and Professor Holt programmed to wreak havoc on Tromaville And tarnish my reputation . DR SLAG PHD ( ON RADIO ) : Now , Dick , your mission is To wreak havoc on Tromaville . When I give the signal , you will destroy the grocery store . Oh , and while you 're there , pick me up a six pack of Tromabeer . If you need to say anything to me , Speak into the little Toxic Avenger lapel microphone I gave you , and whatever you do , make Sure you look into the store 's closed circuit TV cameras . But I don 't understand . It doesn 't make any sense for me to show My face into the camera . I thought the idea was to terrorize this town And not let any know who it is . DR SLAG PHD ( ON RADIO ) : Listen , you have your orders , so Go to it . Stop challenging the wisdom of your superiors . Sir , yes , sir . DR SLAG PHD ( ON RADIO ) : Now , attack ! Ah ! Oh my ! Oh , clone fever . Whoa ! Oof ! Oh ! [ SCREAMING ] Need a hand ? Here . The good , the bad , the subhumanoid . It 's the latest movie , da da da , from Michael and Lloyd . [ PHONE RINGING ] ADLAI ( ON PHONE ) : Hello ? Hello , son ? Hi , it 's your dad , the mayor . Hi , dad . Dad , your respect is everything to me , and I love you . And I love you , too . ADLAI ( ON PHONE ) : Dad , that guy in the black jacket Wreaking havoc on Tromaville- - that 's not me ! Well , that 's what I was meaning to talk to you about . ADLAI ( ON PHONE ) : Dad , I 'm being framed ! Don 't you believe me ? Well , of course , I believe you , but the problem Is no one else was with you at the time Besides that girlfriend of yours , The one that used to be your wet nurse . I am the mayor , and as such , I will be able to keep the police Off your back for the time being , At least until they find some evidence . ADLAI ( ON PHONE ) : Evidence ? The way you 're talking it sounds like you don 't even trust me . Well , yes , I trust you . Well , you know I 've only been alive for two years , So you really don 't know me that long . Of course I don 't , but it did look like you In the grocery store on that videotape with black hair And a tasteless leather jacket . I mean , I wouldn 't stake my political career On your innocence . ADLAI ( ON PHONE ) : You don 't believe me ! No , no , I didn 't mean it like that . Listen , I think it would be best for both of us If you just took some time off and sort Of laid low for a while . You know I can arrange it with your dean , and- - Thanks , dad , but I 'm going to try and figure Things out on my own . What if I give you a call later ? OK , son , call me later . No , wait . Better let me call you . I 'll do it from a payphone or something So they can 't trace the call back to me . All right . Bye . All right . Good bye . ADLAI ( ON PHONE ) : Even though I was innocent , I didn 't want to hurt my father 's reputation . So I decided to pack my bags and move to east Tromaville And go into hiding . [ KNOCKING ] DR SLAG PHD : Mr. Smith ? Can I help you , sir ? Yes , I think you can . I want to talk to you about the crime you 've been accused of . Another reporter . Well , you know I maintain that I 'm innocent , And I nothing more to say . Now , I think you 'll have to leave . No , no , no . I believe that you 're innocent . I represent a branch of the justice department That deals like yours , so I want to help . You really think I 'm innocent ? I know it for a fact . What do you want ? It 's now what I want . It 's what you want . With that all American image you 've built for yourself I think there 's probably nothing you want more Than to clear your good name . Think about it . All the good you 've done- - helping the homeless , Fighting bigotry , staying faithful to your girlfriend , And of course , saving the boll weevil . Look , you leave the weevil out of this . Well , you 'd hate for the boll weevil society To strike your name from its records Just because some psychopath committed some crimes And blamed them on you . Please , please . No more . DR SLAG PHD : I 'm offering you a chance to redeem yourself . Don 't you want that ? Well , yes , but how ? You have a special power , but you never dreamed How really special it can be . Come work for me , and I 'll show you how , As long as you do what I ask . Well , like what ? Now this is where we have to be open minded . The plan I have in mind might involve turning the entire town Of Tromaville and probably the surrounding Areas like New York City into a puddle of radioactive slag . Are you serious ? We could always try to evacuate the areas first , although we Probably won 't bother . You are serious . Well , you 've got me all wrong , pal , because I 'll never Use my power to cause harm to anyone , Even if I have to live in disgrace the rest of my life . I was afraid you 'd say that . MAN ( ON RADIO ) : Bring in the clones . - Bring in the clones . - OK . MAN ( ON RADIO ) : Bring in the clones . We 'll have to do this the hard way . Take him to the hideout . ALL : Don 't kill it ! Don 't kill it ! Down with abortion . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Because of her exposure to the remnants Of the subhumanoid meltdown syndrome , Elaina 's pregnancy proceeded rapidly . Aloha . George , aren 't you gonna come with me ? Honey , I got a reputation to think of . Well , OK . I guess I understand . ALL : Don 't kill it . Don 't kill it . Wish me luck ? You give ' em hell , sweetheart . Break a leg . OK . ALL : Don 't kill it . Let ' em live . No . Don 't kill it . Don 't kill it . Please , let me in . Don 't kill it . Don 't kill it . Hey , look at that bird up there . I- - I gotta have an abortion . Don 't kill it ! Don 't kill it ! Don 't kill it ! Oh ! Oh my god ! I 'm going into labor . Oh , please . My baby 's coming out ! Ah ! Oh no ! Here it comes ! Ah ! Ah ! [ SCREAMING ] ALL : Kill it ! Kill it ! Kill it ! Here comes Trish now . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : By now , all the good people of Tromaville Were against me . Even my father doubted me , and in the end , Only Trish was still behind me . [ FARTING ] But while I was locked up in the hideout , My twin brother was sent to impersonate and make The moves on my one true love . Zoom in on her hiney . The director loves those shot . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Professor Holt , Ever the master of disguises , was on the scene Live with a clone video crew . TRISH : Adlai , are you crazy ? Everyone 's turned against you , and they 're Still gonna recognize you have in the black jacket And black hair . What are you doing out in the open ? You 're supposed to stay out of sight until this murder Thing blows over . I know . I , uh- - Well , it was pretty brave of you to come out in the open Where everyone hates you just to see me . I didn 't think you did those things . Well , I didn 't know anybody knew who I was . You 're so modest . You know , I really do miss that . What happened to your forehead . I cut myself shaving . Come on . Let 's get you out of sight . Wait till Adlai sees these videos of Trish With his big twin , Dick . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : When Dr. Slag PhD Informed me that I had a twin brother , I was really tied up in knots . I think the idea of me having a twin brother is ridiculous , Especially one that has a power like mine . Well , it 's not precisely like yours , although it is similar . However , our research shows that the two of you in tandem Have the astounding ability to turn inert objects Into radioactive ones . Just think about terrorist organizations Paying us to turn a few hundred pounds of sand into plutonium . You don 't understand . I 'll never go along with a plan like that , Especially if it involves destroying Tromaville . Oh , the place I love most on earth . Check focus on her melon heavy breasts . TRISH : Gee , Adlai , those boll weevil fundraisers Haven 't been the same without you , And there 's one other thing I miss , too , And now I know you can 't be giving up a day of homework For a day of passion . [ KNOCKING ] Claire ? Wrong movie , Toxie . Where were we ? ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Trish had mistaken my twin , Dick , for me And was so upset about the bruises on my twin 's face That she did what came naturally and comforted him The only way she knew how . I 've already lobotomized your twin brother . Perhaps I might have to do the same with you . Of course , we could always torture your girlfriend In front of you . That usually seems to work in cases like this . I don 't have a twin , and leave Trish out of this ! Of course , I will try to leave her out of this . We just have to figure a way to leave your twin out of her . What do you mean ? Take a look . And now , live from Trish 's sweat stained bed sheets , We bring you Trish herself and your very own twin , Dick . You 're being so rough . I 've never known you to be like this . You bring out the beast in me . Adlai ! I never felt this way before . Oh my god , it is true . DR SLAG PHD : Remember , this is live . Oh , yeah ! Oh ! Oh ! Oh ! I love this show . I 'm gonna get you for this . My , my . The nicest boy in the world is getting a bit testy . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : I had to resort to drastic measures . As much as I hated to do it and had avoided it for seven reels , I decided that now after 45 minutes Of not doing it at all- - What- - what- - what 's that you 're doing . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : I would use my brain . I must get this message across to Dick from my brain To his brain . TRISH : Oh , Adlai ! Oh , yes ! Oh ! Yes ! Woo ! Adlai ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Dick was slow to react Since his bodily functions were already engaged , But I got the message out through his hand . Now our brains and bodies were one . I 'm not Adlai ! I 'm not Adlai ! I 'm a slave of Dr. Slag PhD ! Oh , shit ! Pull out , Dick ! I 'm not Adlai . Slag has Adlai . Slag 's turning Tromaville into a radioactive stockpile . PROFESSOR HOLT : Disregard anything he says , ma 'am . He 's mad . Who are you ? Special security , ma 'am , hired by the mayor himself . This man is not allowed outside our custody Until his arraignment . However , he snuck away to see you . Now don 't tell anyone about this . We regret any inconvenience this may have caused you . Wait a minute ! What does he mean he 's not Adlai ? ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Trish decided to call my dad , the mayor , And even though dad loved me , he had a good sense of priorities And still wouldn 't risk his reputation to help me . Hello ? Mayor Roger Smith , please . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : However , he would tell Trish what to do . Meanwhile , the force of combining my brain With Dick 's knocked out all the power in the hideout and me Along with it . The only thing I remembered was a dull throbbing Between my legs . Something 's gone wrong . I didn 't count on this idiot being able to control His brother 's functions . I should 've never left this damn project In control of those scientists . It 's too late anyway . The Nuke-A-Mama Corporation shall get their wish , And I shall become supreme ruler . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : My dad , the mayor , Told Trish to do what comes naturally And rally the good students of Tromaville To tell them about Slag and Holt . [ FARTING ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : So off Trish went , Although due to mid-terms , spring Break , and a Screen Actors Guild strike , the crowd was small . Everyone , listen to me . I have proof here that Adlai isn 't the Jekyll And Hyde of Tromaville . No . No . Come on . Look , a note written to me by Adlai through the hands Of his evil twin . No . An evil man named Slag and- - and a Professor Holt who smokes Cigars has Adlai imprisoned . He commanded his twin to destroy Adlai 's reputation . If we don 't stop Slag now , he 's gonna turn this whole town Into a radioactive stockpile . Yeah , this Trish is a liar . No ! You saw what her boyfriend tried to do to our friends . He- - he pretended he was a hero and then Terrorized us all instead . Come on , let 's grab her and find out what she 's really after . [ SCREAMING ] [ SCREAMING ] Good citizens of Tromaville , make way . Make way . This is Mayor Smith speaking . Now , you 've all heard the stories of how I love Tromaville , and you 've all heard the stories of how I had to try and save this very school from certain destruction Just a few short years ago . Well , I wouldn 't lie to you even to save the life of my own son , Because that 's how much I love this city and all of you . So you have to believe me when I say that this young woman Speaks the truth . And if you don 't believe me , I brought Along a nurse from the hospital where Adlai was born . Yes , it is true . I have the medical records here from two years ago When Adlai was born . Here , I 'll pass them around for you all to see . It 's true . Before Adlai was born , Adlai 's mother weighed 140 pounds . After Adlai was born , she weighed 100 pounds . Now , Adlai weighed 20 pounds at birth , so that leaves 20 pounds unaccounted for . Now , the only logical conclusion is that Adlai 's mother gave Birth to twins , and one of them was stolen and brought up To be an evil killer . She 's right ! Yeah ! They 're the ones that kidnapped Adlai ! Yeah ! They 're the ones that kidnapped Adlai ! Yeah ! Let 's go save Adlai ! Yeah ! Wait a minute , those people are professional killers . You can 't go after them unprotected . Why don 't you lead us into battle . You 've done it before . CROWD : Yeah ! No , sadly , after my wife , Victoria , died giving birth , I took a vow since that day two years ago Never ever to take another human life no matter how Worthless and evil . CROWD : Aw . But I 'll give you some pointers on how to do it . Here beneath the department , the deepest Underground point in Tromaville , is Where we will make our demands . If they are not met , we will take you and your twin And turn the bedrock under Tromaville Into a nuclear furnace . It 's all just theory , Slag . It may never even work . Well , then there now , we 'll just have to put our three To the test , won 't we ? Bring in Dick . [ SNAP ] So there really was a part of me out there . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Anyone who has a brother Knows the emotion , the incredible joy That welled up in my heart . So there really was a part of me out there . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Everyone in the room , Even though they were bad , was overcome by the moment , And I still couldn 't help feeling love , even Though all I knew and loved was about to become A nuclear nugget . All right , family reunion 's over . I want you two to grab that croissant And meld your powers to turn it into the biggest Piece of plutonium Tromaville 's ever seen . You 'll never get me to do it . Oh , except that way . Oh , well , didn 't work . What a damn shame . Other hand , Adlai . Use your other hand . Mm . My god , it works ! With this at my fingertips I can rule everything ! CROWD : Yeah ! [ YELLING ] [ GUNSHOTS ] Run away ! Run away ! ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Dad did not want to get violent because he Was a committed pacifist . Oh , I think I doodled my pants . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : And he didn 't want to get his rented Tux dirty , so he honored his pledge not to take any life And kept his violence to a PG 13 level . Looks like you underestimated the good people of Tromaville . They 're coming to get you now . Don 't kid yourself . Squirrels , get out there and stop these friends of Adlai 's . CROWD : Yeah ! Woo hoo ! Yeah , let 's go ! [ GUNSHOTS ] [ GUNSHOTS ] [ YELLING ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : The Nuke-A-Mama corporate gang And their vicious clone warriors seemed invincible , But when the good people of Tromaville worked together , They could do anything . They did what came naturally and went after the wolf dog Clone with rolled up newspapers and discovered Was a clone 's one fatal weakness . [ GUNSHOTS ] The rest of the clones were quickly Polished off in this manner . [ GUNSHOTS ] [ SHOUTING ] [ GUNSHOTS ] Yeah ! Yeah , people of Tromaville ! Woo ! Adlai ! Adlai ! Adlai ! Adlai ! We 're winning ! Don 't worry ! We 're winning ! Stop right there , young lady . Thanks for the update on the action upstairs . Looks like we have no other choice but to take Tromaville And the world down with us . Dick , let 's see your best . Combine your power with Adlai 's and turn Tromaville Into a nuclear stockpile . No way . I won 't do it . OK , then . I guess I get to shoot you . TRISH : Dick , stop Slag ! Adlai 's your brother ! [ GUNSHOT ] Are you nuts ? Stay away from my brother . I trained you , you idiot ! You can 't beat me ! Ah ! [ GUNSHOT ] Ugh ! [ GUNSHOT ] Oof ! BOTH : Nice hair . [ FARTING ] Oh god ! [ GROANING ] [ FARTING ] Get off me , you little slut ! Get your melon heavy breasts off the honorable Dr. Slag PhD , Or else I 'm gonna shoot you in the ass . Woo ! Yee ha ! [ GUNSHOTS ] - Ow ! My eye ! Not my eye ! You idiot ! You hit my eye ! Oh , so sorry , Dr. Slag honorable PhD . I 'll get you help . Not until Tromaville is nothing but a nuclear stockpile . Now , guys , let 's do it or I kill the girl . TRISH : Oh , please . Please ! [ YELLING ] ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Dick and I decided To do what came naturally . Our subhumanoid instincts took over And caused us to arm wrestle , which , of course , Led to us melting down . Uh , Dick , is it my imagination , or are You beginning to deteriorate ? DICK ( VOICEOVER ) : Uh , well , Adlai , I hate to tell you this , But , uh , you 're looking a little grim there yourself . [ YELLING ] [ PROFESSOR HOLT LAUGHING ] Uh-oh . Oh . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Even though we loved each other As brothers , the power made us merge Ourselves back into a primordial egg surrounded by green goo . Crazy , man . ADLAI ( VOICEOVER ) : Trish picked us Up and did what came naturally . She immediately took us to the nuclear reactor And tossed us in . DICK : Careful on those stairs , Trish . You don 't want to drop us , do you ? Adlai , once we get into the nuclear reactor , what do we do ? ADLAI : I don 't know , Dick , but could you move over ? Your foot 's in my mouth . Oy vey . DICK : It 's crowded in here . We 're melting ! It 's only a movie . MAN : Something is coming out ! What is it , a loaf of bread ? No ! It 's a baby ! Have a stogie , old bogie . Hi , my name is Moishe Smith . I am a fourth generation subhumanoid . I was created because Adlai Smith And his twin brother , Dick , merged their powers together And melted down in a primordial egg surrounded by green goo In order to save the good people of Tromaville . I was also created because talking Babies have proven to be quite profitable for movies recently . I am proud that my sons Dick and Adlai had The courage to melt down into a primordial egg Surrounded by green goo . The evil Dr. Slag PhD has been killed . The Nuke-A-Mama corporate powers are defeated , And the power is permanently on with low cost , clean , Efficient , and properly supervised energy . So in recognition of outstanding devotion To the town of Tromaville , I hereby dedicate this memorial To my sons , Dick and Adlai . CROWD : Yeah ! Woo ! Hey , those are nice . ROGER : Where 's the baby you pulled out of the nuclear core ? WOMAN : Here he is . We had a tough time getting all of that green crap off of him , But a little sandpaper and a dip in Clorox did the trick . Oh , that is the cutest baby . What a pretty baby . Just like his daddy . In tribute to Dick and Adlai and how they saved the people Of Tromaville , I hereby dedicate this memorial to all The good people of Tromaville . MAN : Isn 't that nice ? WOMAN : Oh , I 'm so very proud . MAN : Delightful . Like Entitled two free spirits , this monument Reminds us of how the Tromaville twins enhanced our freedom And our lives , and of how cheap Tromaville is For not affording a statue that even remotely Resembles the damn twins . MAN : Oh , that 's a terrible , terrible thing . They tried to save money . But this baby represents a new beginning , a new beginning For us all , for you and for me . This is a rebirth , a fresh start for all mankind . This is my child . This is your child . This is a child of the universe . And as such , this infant represents the future , So of course , we must nurture it and permit it to grow . And most importantly this baby represents Troma , movies Of the future , so of course , we must love it , teach it , And indeed breast feed it . [ CHEERING ] So Adlai and Dick did not die . They were reborn . This is a Troma movie , so dry those eyes And rejoice , because now there 's " Class of Nuke Em High Part 4 . " [ CHEERING ] Oh boy , part four . That 's great . [ INTERPOSING VOICES ] That 's great . Uh , excuse me , do you know where the end credits are . Could you direct me to the- - oh ! Oh , why 'd you do that ? [ MUSIC - " CLASS OF NUKE EM HIGH III THEME SONG " ] MAN : Due to the recent economic difficulties facing Small independent film companies , The producers of this motion picture Have been forced to sell classified advertising Space in these end credits . We apologize for any inconvenience This may have caused . MAN : If you would like to find out how you can advertise In the end credits of a Troma movie , Please send a stamped self addressed envelope To Tromaville studios , Tromaville , New Jersey , Or contact your local congress person . Thank you for your patronage and have a nice day .
