 The X-Files S01E08 Ice Re-Sync Edit Tharindu _ Lakmal _ Jeewantha We 're not ... who ... we are . We 're not ... who we are . It goes no further than this . It stops right here ... right now . ( both grunting ) ( panting ) ♪ ♪ ( gunshots ) Team captain John Richter here . It 's been a couple of frustrating months , but after a great deal of stick-with-it-ness we 're very proud to report that , as of a half an hour ago , we surpassed the previous record for drilling down into an ice sheet . ALL : All right ! MULDER : This team of scientists made up the Arctic Ice Core Project . They were sent to Alaska by the government 's Advanced Research Project Agency nearly a year ago to drill into the Arctic ice . The samples they removed contained trapped gases , dust , chemicals- - evidence that could reveal the structure of the earth 's climate back to the dawn of man . Their work was a success , nearly completed . No reports or indications of problems of any kind until only a week later this next transmission was received . We 're not ... who ... we are . We 're not ... who we are . It goes no further than this . It stops ... right here ... right now . ( groans ) What happened up there ? So far nobody 's been able to reach the compound because of bad weather . Obviously they think we 're either brilliant or expendable because we 've pulled the assignment . Is it severe isolation distress ? These were top geophysicists . They were trained and screened for this project in every way imaginable , including psychological makeup . We leave for Nome today . We 'll meet up with three scientists familiar with the Ice Core Project and then head north up to the Icy Cape . The National Weather Service reports a three-day window to get in and get out before the next Arctic storm . Bring your mittens . ( indistinct chatter ) SPORTSCASTER ( over radio ) : Here 's the snap . Raiders blitz . Fouts dumps it across the middle to Winslow . He 's at the 15 ! The ten ! Touchdown- - San Diego ! ( laughs ) Touchdown ! Fouts is God ! Sorry , my team scored . There 's no football on Wednesday . Fouts retired in ' 87 , didn 't he ? No , this is just some of my all-time favorite plays on tape . You two FBI ? Agent Mulder , Agent Scully . And you ? Danny Murphy , professor of geology , U.C. San Diego . San Diego- - you get much of a chance to study ice down there ? Just what 's around the keg . Dr. Dasilva , Dr. Hodge ? Yeah , sorry we 're late . Agent Scully , Agent Mulder . Mulder . Nice to meet you . How you doing , Mr. Mulder ? Dr. Murphy . Hi . Can I see some identification ? What for ? Want to make sure we are who we say we are . It 's me . It 's you . It 's me . It 's you . It 's me . Thanks a lot . Well , now that we know who we are , anybody care to take a guess as to why we 're going ? MURPHY : Well , two federal agents , a geologist , a medical doctor , and a toxicologist . That should give us some idea what they 're thinking . I assume you all took a look at the tape . Something wrong ? Come on , you 're FBI . You have to know more than we do . You folks the ones going up to Icy Cape ? Yeah . Then I 'm the one flying you . My name is Bear . The plane 's across the way . Provisions are loaded . Grab your gear . Oh , could we see some credentials ? ( chuckles ) Credentials . The only credentials I have is that I 'm the only pilot willing to fly you up there . You don 't like those credentials , walk . Bear , see if you can get the power started . Anything to get out of here . Where do we start ? Body bags are on the plane . Before we touch anything , we have to thoroughly document the scene . SCULLY : Flashing . MULDER : That 's what they were drilling for . Quarter of a million years melting away in a couple of days . I want to preserve some samples . ( rumbling ) It 's the generator . Oh . ( growls ) Agent Mulder ! ( screams ) ( barking ) Hold on . ( groans ) Hold it down . ( dog whimpers ) That will keep him out for a while . You okay ? Yeah , he didn 't break the skin . Bear , you okay ? He got me . Get that jacket off . Give me the stuff . I 'll do it myself . DASILVA : Is it rabies ? I don 't see any indication of glottal spasm or tetany . If it is rabies , it 's certainly not a strain I 'm familiar with . SCULLY : Look at this . Black nodules . Swollen lymph nodes . Symptoms of bubonic plague . HODGE : I 'll do a blood test . We 'll take it from there . This dog has got a skin irritation on its neck . MURPHY : It looks like it 's been scratching off its own hair . Look at this , look at this . What the hell was that ? ( groans ) From the autopsies it 's clear these men killed one another . There are contusions around the throat areas of three men- - evidence of strangulation . Richter and Campbell killed themselves . I also found tissue damage due to fever . Did any of them have the black spots the dog has ? No . None of them had the black nodules . So , uh , those spots didn 't have anything to do with those guys killing each other , right ? I wouldn 't rule it out . I just reexamined the dog . The nodules are gone . What could that mean ? It could mean that the spots are a symptom of some disease at an early stage . Danny ? ( sportscaster speaking indistinctly over headphones ) Danny . Danny . Sorry . The playoff game against Miami , ' 82 . Helps to get my mind off stuff . My interpretation of satellite remote sensing photos is a little rusty . MURPHY : All right , this is the Icy Cape area . It approximates the depth of the ice sheet to be about 3,000 meters thick . I also found this data , and if I 'm reading it correctly , the team actually found the ice sheet to be twice that depth . That 's very good . The numbers indicate the topography to be concave . Looks like they were drilling inside a meteor crater . HODGE : No , you 're wrong , it 's impossible . I analyzed two samples . What did you find ? There seems to be a presence of ammonium hydroxide in Richter 's blood sample . It 's not possible . Ammonia would vaporize at human body temperature . I checked all the air filtration systems . I found no evidence of any such toxins . I have . In the ice , and that 's not all there is . I found a high ratio of ammonia to water in the ice core . The earth 's atmosphere could never have produced such levels , not even a quarter of a million years ago . Look in the scope . Unless a foreign object was introduced into that environment . MURPHY : Tell me that 's not a foreign object . Whoa . Scully . That same thing is in Richter 's blood . What if that single-celled organism is the larval stage of a larger animal ? That 's kind of a leap , don 't you think ? SCULLY : The evidence is there . Maybe the organism in the ice core somehow got into the men . Come on , nothing can survive in subzero temperatures for a quarter of a million years . Unless that 's how it lives . Lookit , I don 't see why you 're squabbling over some bug . You said it yourself , Scully , your autopsy found those men killed each other . That 's it , now I say , let 's just get the hell out of here . I agree , we can have the bodies sent to a facility where they can make a definitive diagnosis in the event that something was missed , Agent Scully . If those bodies are infected with an unknown organism , we can 't take them back . We can 't go back without proper quarantine procedures . We can 't risk bringing back the next plague . Let 's say you 're right , they came down with something . We haven 't , and I ain 't waiting around until we do . I think it 's safe to go back . There 's no reason why we 'd be infected . We 've taken all the necessary biological safeguards . The dog did bite Bear . It jumped Mulder , too ! But it didn 't break the skin . There 's only one way to proceed . A doctor eliminates every possibility . We must determine if any of us is infected . All right . Parasitic diagnostic procedure requires that each of us provide a blood and a stool sample . A stool sample ? MURPHY : Wow . This kind of travel always makes that kind of tough ... for me . MULDER : Okay , anybody got the morning sports section handy ? I ain 't dropping my cargo for no one . What I 'm doing is getting my gear , getting my plane , and flying the hell out of here . You can 't go . The dog bit you . I got hired to fly you up here and fly you back . No one said this might be part of the deal . So the deal is over . We can 't let him leave without him being checked . Who 's going to stop him ? We have to . We can 't risk infecting the population . If he gets on that plane , I 'm gonna be on it with him . Well , we don 't have time to argue about it . Take a vote . Whoever believes we should confine Bear until he agrees to an examination ... ( groans ) All right . Bear , we just want to check you out . If we don 't find any trace of the parasite or the virus , we 'll all go . All right . Give me the damn jar . ( screams ) ( both grunting ) Murphy , get a rope . Right . Here . ( groaning ) Oh , my God . ( groaning ) Oh . Get my bag . What are you going to do ? Scalpel- - I 'm cutting it out . We don 't know enough about it . It 's killing him . Scully , help me hold the skin . Hold still , Bear . ( screaming ) Forceps . ( moaning ) Hold still , Bear . Just another second . You 're going to be okay . ( groaning ) ( agonized moaning ) This is the AICP investigative team calling Doolittle Airfield . Come in . WOMAN : DAF responding . This is Agent Mulder . We have a serious biological hazard . Request air pickup and quarantine procedures . Over . Come in , Doolittle Airfield . We copy , Agent Mulder . This area is under a heavy storm , and no aircraft can get out for the next day . Maybe the military base in Kotzebue can set up a quarantine . Advise immediate evacuation . The Arctic storm is bearing in your direction . Over . We were told we 'd have three clear days of weather . Over . Welcome to the top of the world , sir . Over . ( chuckles ) Is Bear in any condition to fly ? If we don 't get out of here in an hour , we don 't get out for days . He 's dead . HODGE : Well , it 's similar to a tapeworm in that it has a scolex with suckers and hooks . MURPHY : So , then , it 's familiar , something you can deal with . What ? No . Very different from any organism- - at least that I know of . Have you figured out how it 's transmitted yet ? Exchange of fluids , touch , air , all of the above ? I don 't know . All the other dead bodies had the creature . This is the only one that 's still alive . All in the spine ? No , it appears they were in the hypothalamus gland deep in the brain . MURPHY : Hypothalamus . What was that again ? It 's a gland that secretes hormones , although I don 't know why a parasite would want to attach to it . Hypothalamus releases acetylcholine , which is what produces violent , aggressive behavior , so that might be a connection . Everybody that 's been infected certainly seems to act aggressively . Maybe the worm feeds on acetylcholine , which floods our capacity to control violent behavior . Well , a parasite shouldn 't want to kill its host . No , it doesn 't kill you until it 's extracted . Then it releases a poison . So you 're saying it 's possible that the worm makes you want to kill other people , which is maybe what happened to the first team . Or what could happen to us . It 's just a theory . We don 't have any definite proof . Except five dead men . If the worm makes people violently aggressive , then why did Richter and Campbell kill themselves ? Maybe they did it to save us . I 'm just , uh ... double-checking . Making sure I didn 't miss anything . Just some sleep , right ? Sleep . I 'm so tired , I can 't sleep . Well , we 're all wired and hypersensitive . It will be good to get a fresh start in the morning . Mulder , I don 't want to waste a second trying to find a way to kill this thing . I don 't know if we should kill it . This area of the ice sheet is formed over a meteor crater . The worm lives in ammonia , it survives subzero temperatures . Theorists in alternative life designs believe in ammonia-supported life systems on planets with freezing temperatures . No . The meteor that crashed here a quarter of a million years ago may have carried that type of life to Earth . Mulder , that pilot developed surface symptoms within a few minutes . Within a few hours that parasite had total control . What would happen if this got into the population ? A city the size of New York could be infected within a few days . Exactly , but what do we know about it ? This organism might be lying dormant in another crater . Mulder , if we don 't kill it now , we run the risk of becoming Richter and Campbell with guns to our heads . But if we do kill it now , we may never know how to stop it or anything like it in the future . SCULLY : Future ? Mulder , how can you talk about the future ? ( Scully continues indistinctly ) ( Mulder speaking indistinctly ) Tell me it 's hot in here . Don 't worry , you don 't have a fever . The heating system is malfunctioning . Outside it 's 40 below , and in here it 's sweltering . Can you hear what they 're arguing about ? Oh , they 're probably discussing their little government secrets . You think they knew it was up here before we arrived ? I 'm sure of it . You know , Bear 's infected blood did get on Scully . It also got on you . ( Scully speaking indistinctly ) How do you know it can 't be contained ? It can , by extermination . We should take those bodies- - worms and all- - outside and incinerate them . Something going on we should know about ? Agent Scully , you all right ? Yes , I 'm fine . It 's nothing . You seem a little bit stressed out . What the hell are you trying to say ? Let 's all just settle down . It 's been a long , hard day . We 're all tired and scared . Let 's not turn on one another . At least not without a good reason . MULDER : Maybe we should all get some sleep . You kidding ? You think any of us could sleep right now ? Guys , let 's face it- - we got to check for spots . Any person or persons who has them should be confined . Are we agreed on that ? Are you going to do the exams ? No . We do them in front of each other . No secrets . Before anyone passes judgment , may I remind you we are in the Arctic ? Yeah ? ( sighs ) HODGE : Sleep tight . Don 't let the bedbugs bite . DASILVA : Yeah , good night . Good night , Mulder . Good night , Scully . At least everyone 's okay . Don 't forget , the spots on the dog went away . ♪ ♪ ( sportscaster speaking indistinctly over headphones ) ♪ ♪ ( gasps ) ( door closes ) ♪ ♪ ( dog barking ) ( growling ) ( grunts ) Mulder , what are you doing ? Murphy 's dead . You killed him . I found him like this . I heard one of the doors close . I came out to check it out . It was one of you . He 's lying . You could have done it and not even known . No , he said he didn 't do it . I don 't have any of the symptoms . You checked him yourself , Hodge . Yeah , six hours ago . It was one of you . Stop it ! Stop it ! Shut up ! Mulder , just put the gun down and let Hodge give you a blood test . So he can doctor the results ? I 'm not gonna let him stick a needle in me . He could be infected . He has to be confined now . Then just turn around and let us take a look at your neck . I 'm not turning my back on anyone ! As far as I 'm concerned , you 're all infected ! Hodge is right- - we ought to lock him up . Mulder . Scully , get that gun off me . Mulder , you have to understand . Put it down ! You put it down first ! Scully ! For God 's sakes , it 's me . Mulder , you may not be who you are . In here I 'll be safer than you . ( wind whistling ) ♪ ♪ ( Scully and Dasilva gasp ) What were you doing ? You know what I was doing . You know , I can 't help thinking , Agent Scully , you 're the only one with a gun . If you get infected , we don 't stand a chance , do we ? Good . Was there something there ? HODGE : You 're okay , Nancy . We 're all okay . Now is not the time for the three of us to break down and turn on each other . There 's four of us . Mulder isn 't one of us anymore . If Mulder is infected , it 's not his fault . We can 't turn our backs on him now . He needs us to help him . She 's right . Who knows what prolonged exposure to the parasite could do to him ? It could damage him to the point of permanent psychosis . But if he is infected , he doesn 't go back . I won 't risk the possibilities . This is AICP calling Doolittle Airfield . Please come in . ( static ) This is the Arctic Ice Core Project sending a general distress call . Please respond . ( static ) Nancy , want to put a drop of the uninfected blood on the slide of the blood drawn from the pilot ? Run that by me again . Put the uninfected blood on the infected blood . No ! Damn it ! What did I just get through telling you ? You just infected already infected blood . Now I have to start all over again . I made a mistake . You don 't have to yell at me . Wasted hours of work ... Okay , well , then maybe you should just do it by yourself ! Damn it ! God , I 'm not your assistant ! All you do is ... HODGE : Oh , just get out of here . Go take a shower or something . Hodge . What ? Come take a look at this . The larvae from two different worms killed each other . An individual worm will not tolerate another invading its host . It does to the invader what it did to humans . It makes them kill . HODGE : Doesn 't make any sense for a species to kill its own . It needs another to procreate . Worms are hermaphroditic . It can reproduce itself . Look at the evidence in the microscope . This thing does not like company . So , what are you saying ? The way to kill it is to introduce another worm into an already infected body ? ♪ ♪ ( whimpering ) ( whines ) It sounds okay . It passed the worms in its stool . They 're dead . I want to talk to him first . Try and make this voluntary . What ? You can 't go in alone . If anything happens , you come inside . I can 't do this to him until I 'm sure . It 's just you ? Yes . It 's one of them . No one 's been killed since you 've been in here . So ? We found a way to kill it . Two worms in one host will kill each other . You give me one worm , you 'll infect me . If that 's true , then why didn 't you let us inspect you ? I would have , but you pulled a gun on me . Now I don 't trust them . I want to trust you . Okay . But now they 're not here . ( gasps ) DASILVA : This is the last one . She 's not going to let us give it to him . Well , she 'll have to if he 's infected . He 'll convince her somehow . I just examined him . He 's uninfected . So is she . Which means that it must be one of you . All right . Let 's go over to the main building . I 'd like to check him myself . Then he can examine both of us . Want to lead the way ? No ! ( Mulder screams ) ( all grunting ) ( clanging ) Get the worm . Don 't ! ( clanging continues ) ( grunting ) No ! Oh , my God . ( screaming ) Mulder , it 's her ! No ! No ! Scully ! It 's Dasilva . ( screaming hysterically ) No ! ( screaming ) Hodge ! Now ! Mulder . After this , there won 't be any left . They 're all going to be dead ! Do it ! ( Dasilva screaming ) No ! Shh , shh . No ! ( shushing ) ( moaning ) It 's all right . It 's all over . It all stops right here , right now . MAN : Okay , I got it . ( indistinct radio transmission ) Okay , lock her down . She 's being put in quarantine along with the dog . We 'll keep her there until we 're sure that she won 't infect the rest of the population . Meanwhile our tests came back normal , so we 've been released . Plane ready . It 'll take you as far from the ice as you want to go . I 'm going back to the site . This time I 'm going fully prepared with proper equipment . There 's still a lot of research to be done on the genetic structure , on its origins ... Wait , Mulder , don 't you know ? Know what ? 45 minutes after they evacuated us , they torched the place . There 's nothing left . Who did that ? The military , Centers for Disease Control . You ought to know . They 're your people . It 's still there , Scully . 200,000 years down . In the ice . Leave it there . The X-Files S01E08 Ice Re-Sync Edit Tharindu _ Lakmal _ Jeewantha
