 What 's she doing there by herself ? - Tina ? - Honey ? You 're freezing . Where 's your jacket ? Where 's your daddy ? In the yard . He told me he needed some time to himself . I 'd say his time 's up . Come on , honey , I 'm sure he wouldn 't want you to catch cold . Joel ? Hey , Joel , the swing set 's supposed to be for your daughter , not you ! I 'll call 911 . Daddy ? Death by hypovolemia . 75ยบ / o blood loss . That 's over four liters of blood . You could say the man was running on empty . The man 's daughter , eight years old , was away from his side for no more than 10 minutes . She doesn 't remember anything . There was no trace evidence . It would 've been washed away by yesterday 's rain . There were two puncture wounds in the jugular . Are you familiar with the phenomenon of cattle mutilations ? Since 1967 , over 34 states have reported unsolved cases of cattle mutilation . The trace evidence is remarkably similar . lncision marks of surgical precision . The area around the mouth and often the sexual organs has been removed . There 's substantial blood loss with no blood at the scene . - How can that be ? - Exsanguination . If you stuck a needle in the jugular , the heart itself would act as a pump . These animals had theirjugulars punctured in the same way as the man from Connecticut . It 's the first time I 've ever seen it on a human . There was no sign of a struggle . How can a man sit through a bloodletting ? The ME found digitalis , a South American plant that can be used as a paralytic drug . These X-Files indicate this is a UFO-related phenomenon . Often there are sightings nearby , surface burns . Witnesses report time loss , as in abduction cases . That might explain why the girl remembers nothing . Why would aliens travel light-years to Earth in order to play doctor on cattle ? For the same reason we cut up frogs and monkeys . Besides , they seem to have stepped up their interest . Her mother passed away from ovarian cancer two years ago . There 's no other family . We 'll keep Tina here until we can place her with a foster family . - Has she spoken about it ? - No , not a word . - Any nightmares ? - No . At least not that I know of . - Can we talk to her now ? - Yes . Tina , these are the people we talked about . This is Miss Scully and Mr Mulder . Do you think you can talk to them ? OK . Hi . I know you must be feeling very sad right now . And scared . But we wanna find out what happened so we can help stop whoever hurt your daddy , OK ? OK . Did you ever see any strangers with your daddy at home ? Did you ever see anyone yell at your daddy or your daddy yell at them ? No . Can you think of anyone who might wanna hurt your daddy ? No . That 's a nice bunny , Tina . Can we talk about what happened that day ? About what happened in the backyard . Yeah ? Do you remember any strange sounds or lights or anything like that ? There was red lightning . Can you tell me more about the red lightning ? I can 't remember . It ... all went dark . Have you ever seen anything like that before ? You have ? When ? The men from the clouds - they were after my dad . Scully . - Where ? - Why were these men after your dad ? They wanted to exsanguinate him . Thanks . Mulder . What ? There 's been another one . It 's like looking at a mirror image . " The victim , Doug Reardon , was married with one daughter . " " Cause of death - hypovolemia . " Mulder , this is uncanny . They also found traces of the poison digitalis . - Puncture wound ? - Yes . On the jugular . Time of death was estimated at 2.30pm. The same day , only three hours earlier than the Simmons murder . That 's Pacific Standard Time . That makes it the exact same moment . It appears we have two serial killers working in tandem . No , serial killers rarely work in pairs . When they do , they kill together , not separately . Nothing beyond your leading questions to Tina substantiates a UFO mutilation theory . Was Reardon 's daughter here when he was murdered ? Yes . The police report states that she remembers nothing . She 's with her mother and family in Sacramento . - When will they be back ? - Tomorrow . Even money she 'll remember red lightning . Tina ? She was kidnapped from the Social Services home at 11pm last night . Looks like someone was afraid she might remember too much . Someone or something , Scully . Connecticut state troopers set up roadblocks within half an hour . Nothing . Maybe they weren 't looking in the right direction ! I told them to contact us in case they find her . Tina ? No . Wh-What 's your name ? Cindy Reardon . Do you live here , Cindy ? Ever since I was born - eight years ago . This is the ceremonial signing ... Cindy really is a beautiful little girl , Mrs Reardon . Doug and I wanted to spoil her . We wanted to protect her from everything horrible in the world . - She was daddy 's little girl . - ls she an only child ? May I ask ... was Cindy adopted ? No ! I gave birth to her at San Rafael General . I assume you have the documentation , birth certificate ... - Of course I do . - Was she the only child delivered ? What the hell kind of question is that ? Look , I have told the police everything I know . Mrs Reardon , have you ever seen this man before ? is this your suspect ? - No . - Did he do something to Cindy ? - No , h-he ... - No . Mrs Reardon , this is not your daughter . That girl 's name is Tina Simmons . She lives 3,000 miles away in Greenwich , Connecticut . That man , her father , was killed in the same way as your husband . Cindy is my daughter . I can show you videos of her birth . We tried for six years to become pregnant . In vitro fertilization ? - At which clinic ? - Luther Stapes Center down in San Francisco . Do you still believe this is UFO related ? - Cindy didn 't see red lightning . - l don 't know . The only thing similar about these girls does seem to be their appearance . There is the possibility they have an unrelated likeness . Who both just happen to see their fathers exsanguinated . I 'd like to get the odds on that in Vegas ! The girls are the one and only link between identical murders . - And one girl was just abducted . - Kidnapped . Potato , po-tah-to . Where are you going ? If the murders were committed by the same person , and part of the pattern involves kidnapping the daughter ... Then you 'd expect the pattern to continue . I 'll keep an eye on the girl . Check out the clinic . See if the Simmons were in the same program . I 'll call the San Francisco Bureau and get someone to relieve you . OK . In vitro fertilization is a procedure in which we implement fertilization and implantation of the embryo in the uterus . Could a patient believe she was receiving her own egg but receive another without knowing ? Not here . We have very strict controls . Have you ever had patients named Claudia and Joel Simmons ? Any patient information is confidential . It 's our policy . The Simmons are dead . Their daughter has been kidnapped . I 'd say any information you have that could help would override your policy . You had copies of their records transferred to Greenwich , Connecticut in 1991 . They came here nine years ago under the supervision of a Dr Sally Kendrick ? is there a problem ? Dr Kendrick was nothing but a problem . Hello . Welcome to the Luther Stapes Center for Reproductive Medicine . I 'm Dr Sally Kendrick , a specialist in the exciting field of in vitro fertilization . She was a resident here in 1985 . Brilliant . First in her class at Yale Med where she got her MD after completing her doctorate in biogenetics . We were thrilled to get her . And now you don 't sound so thrilled . We have reason to believe Dr Kendrick was tampering with genetic material of fertilized ova in the lab prior to implant . Experimenting with eugenics . - Did you report this to the AMA ? - Of course . I fired her. I also requested an investigation from the US Health Department . - And what happened ? - The AMA censured her . My request for an investigation was denied . Dr Kendrick ... disappeared . We know the pain of infertility , and we are ready to help . In the next half-hour ... Kendrick was the supervising physician in the Reardons' and the Simmons ' ivf program . It seems she was experimenting at the clinic . And maybe now she 's trying to erase the results ? .. but with our scientific advances , a little luck and a lot of hope , miracles can happen . She must 've had an accomplice to have done both murders . You think this is a vendetta she and a colleague have against the Center ? Does this mean you 've abandoned your UFO connection ? Hello ? Hello ? Just a couple of clicks . Must be the wrong number . I tell you what , I 'm gonna sleep on it and we 'll talk about it in the morning . Mulder , you 're rushing me out of the room . No , I 'm not . - Do you have a girl coming over ? - What 's a girl ? I got a movie I wanna watch on TV . Sleep tight. I 'll see you in the morning . Are you certain she hasn 't followed you ? Yes . What are you doing here ? Well , I thought we might take in a Warriors game . Actually , I was ... just in the neighborhood and ... wondered if I had ever told you about the Litchfield experiments . No , you haven 't . Well , it was a most ... interesting project . Highest level of classification , all records have since been destroyed , and those who knew of it will deny knowledge of its existence . In the early ' 50s , during the height of the Cold War , we got wind the Russians were fooling around with eugenics . Rather primitively , I might add . Trying to cross-breed top scientists , athletes , you name it , to come up with the superior soldier . Naturally , we jumped on the bandwagon . The Litchfield experiment . A group of genetically controlled children were raised and monitored on a compound in Litchfield . The boys were called Adam and the girls were called ... Eve . There 's a woman you should see , and I 'll make sure that you can get in . Agents Mulder and Scully here to see Eve 6 . Deposit your firearms . - Sign for these . - What are those ? Panic buttons . I can 't let you inside without one . Whaddaya want ? Why the flashlight ? She screams and screams if we turn the overheads on . No one 's ever got a good look at her . We 'll be right outside . Hello ? So , I guess you 've found what you 're looking for . One of us , at least . Sally Kendrick . Unlock the chains , then we 'll talk . They 're probably there for a good reason . No ... a bad reason . I paid too much attention to a guard . Bit into his eyeball ! I meant it as a sign of affection . You here to give me an iq test , by any chance ? I think I can top 265 . We 're very bright , we Eves . It runs in the family . Where are the others - the Adams and the Eves ? We 're prone to suicide . All that 's left is me and Eve 7 - she escaped early on . Eve 8 , she escaped 10 years later . Are you Sally Kendrick ? That 's not my name , but ... she is me and I am her and we are all together ! Did you work for the Luther Stapes Center in 1985 ? In 1985 , I 'd been tied up like this for two years ! And for what reason ? No reason ! I did nothing ! I 'm just me ! They made me , but did they suffer ? No , no , I suffer ! I suffer ! They keep me alive for the Litchfield Project ! They come in , they test me , they poke me to see what went wrong ! Sally knows what went wrong . You and you , you have 46 chromosomes . The Adams made the Eves . We have 56 . We have extra chromosomes . Number 4 , 5 , 12 , 16 and 22 . This replication of chromosomes also produces additional genes . Heightened strength , heightened intelligence ... Heightened psychosis . Saved the best for last . You don 't believe me . I have proof . Look on my wall . My family album . My God , it 's the girls ! We were close . We were very close ! Sally Kendrick was using the clinic to carry on the Litchfield experiment . She was cloning herself . Now I lay me down to sleep , I pray the Lord my soul to keep . If I should die before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take . God bless Grandma and Grandpa Stenner , Irma and lrmapop , and God bless Mom , and please take care of Daddy up in heaven . You 're such a special little girl , Cindy . Good night , honey . If Eve 6 is right and there are two other Eves out there , that could account for the two identical murders occurring at exactly the same time . Sally Kendrick does have an accomplice - herself . Until I heard that , I 'd begun to suspect the girls . No , it seems the two remaining Eves are doing away with the parents in order to keep Tina and Cindy in the family . Do you suppose the girls have any idea of what they are ? I hope not . Let 's go ! I 'll take the back ! There 's someone upstairs . Wait outside ! fbi ! I 'm armed ! Which one are you - Eve 7 or Eve 8 ? Drop it . You know I 'm capable . Slow . Very slow . The suspect 's name is Sally Kendrick . Early 40s , five foot eight , 135 pounds . She may have an accomplice similar in appearance . Kendrick is driving a light-blue ' 93 Corolla . She has exceptional strength for her size so consider her armed and dangerous . Quite possibly she 'll display severe psychotic behavior . The Oakland Bureau will orchestrate the search across the bridge . What if ... What if she kills her ? First Doug , now Cindy . The fact that Kendrick and her accomplice just abducted the girls tells us they want them alive . I 'm sure Cindy 's alive and we 'll find her . And then what do we do ? I 'm sorry you have to meet this way , but it 's the best for all concerned . Tina Simmons , meet Cindy Reardon . Agent Scully ? They found the Corolla in the parking lot of San Francisco International . Start a check on every single passenger list for every flight that left in the past 12 hours . Check every terminal , make sure she 's not hiding out for a later flight . Remember , she may have an accomplice . A motel in Port Reyes has a guest matching Sally 's description . - The car 's at the airport . - She might 've ditched it . The manager says she checked in with a girl . She left the hotel in the afternoon alone , then returns with the girl . Someone else could 've picked her up without him knowing . The area is full of families . There are hundreds of kids around . This kid told him to use chlorine to eradicate the dinoflagellates in the swimming pool . - Does that sound like someone you know ? - That 's it . I 've always kept a close eye on your behavior , no matter where l was . The last few years I spent in search of the remaining Eve . That , however , was cut short by your ... " activity " . I hoped my work at the Stapes Center had corrected the Litchfield flaws . Psychotic behavior didn 't develop in the Adams and Eves until age 16 . Homicidal behavior at 20 . Imagine my ... disappointment when I learned of your accelerated development . How did you learn of each other 's existence ? We just knew . Did you discuss how you would orchestrate your little ... prank ? We just knew . Why murder your fathers ? - They weren 't our fathers . - We have no parents . We weren 't born . We were created . You ... You cannot think that way . You 're human beings . Different , special , but you cannot give in to genetic destiny . That 's why I 've taken you . I was raised by a man who knew what I was . He was a genetic engineer on the project . With the proper environment and a program ... of long-term medication , you can become like me and not the other Eves . Wh-What have you done ? Your soda , four ounces of foxglove . Extracted from a digitalis plant . This much is a lethal dose . We cultivated them ourselves . Wh-Why ? - You tell us . - You made us . We 're your mistake . I 'll c-correct ... that mistake ! Well , I waited like you told me . No one 's come in or out . Get the back ! We were all supposed to drink , but we only pretended to drink it . They tried to poison us . Who 's " they " ? She and another lady . What did the other lady look like ? Eve 8 . They were working together . It 's all right , we 'll take care of you . You 're safe with us . Looks like the Eves mixed about four ounces of digitalis in each glass . Their own mini-Jonestown . Eve 6 said they were prone to suicide . It has a sweet flavor , probably not even perceptible in soda . We 're searching the area , but so far there 's no sign of the other suspect . An officer 'll take the girls back . Maybe it 'd be best if we take responsibility for the girls . We can get them checked out by a doctor . OK , whatever . Come on , girls , we 're gonna take you back . - Back where ? - What 's gonna happen to Tina ? We 'll talk about it in the car , OK ? They 've already grown so attached . It 's gonna be hard when Tina 's placed in care . Yeah . Agent Mulder , I have to go to the bathroom . Me , too . - Can you hold it ? - l really need to go . I could use some caffeine . Hi . - Where 's your bathroom ? - ln the back . You 'll need a key . Thanks . - Oh , can I get four diet sodas ? - Regular . All right , two diet and two regular to go , please . Thanks . Agent Scully , my door 's stuck . Just a second . Just a minute . It 's OK , my dad will pay for them when he gets out of the bathroom . OK . - Those are the diet ? - l think these are . Are you sure ? It 's really sweet . - Try it . - l know it 's diet. I saw her pour it . - OK . - Let 's go . Come on . - Don 't forget the drinks . - Right . - How much ? - $ 5 . - Wanna pay ? - Sure . There you go . You got those ? Thanks . Tastes syrupy . Cindy , did you pick up my keys off the counter ? No . No ? All right , I 'll be right back . - Scully ! - What ? Scully ... Just wanted to open the car door for you . Mulder ! It 's them . They poisoned it . Let 's just get them in the car . I only had a sip . We didn 't drink enough to make us sick . Scully , I got ' em ! - Leave us alone ! - l got ' em ! Scully ! Hey ! - What the hell are you doing ? - l 'm a federal agent ! Yeah , and these are America 's Most Wanted ? - Hands in front . - Leave me alone ! - Let the girls go ! - Get in the truck , girls . Get in . - l 'm gonna call the police . - We are the police ! Mulder ! They went that way ! You seen the twins we were with ? No , I ... There 's a bunch of schoolkids just left on that bus . Forget your sodas ? - We didn 't do anything wrong . - We 're just little girls . That 's the last thing you are . They said they have an excellent program that can help her . They can 't hide behind a bureaucracy , Mrs Reardon . You have a right to know what happened , a right to know about your daughter . All I need to know is she was not my daughter . She never was . Hello , girls . It 's so nice to have company . Sign for this . Hello , Eve 8 . We 've been waiting . How did you know I 'd come for you ? - We just knew . - We just knew .
