 [ Music playing ] [ INDISCERNIBLE CHATTER AND LAUGHTER ] [ Grunting ] Oh , excuse me . Another county heard from . How about a little drink , Mimsy ? Mimi , much obligated , I 'm sure . Oh , my pleasure . Back in a flash . Oh , why don 't you , uh , make yourself comfortable ? Okey doke . [ Laughter ] Say , nice digs . SENATOR OVERSTREET : Oh , well , it comes with the job . Not bad . You know , I never actually done it with a senator before . SENATOR OVERSTREET : Yeah , my wife Boasts about the same thing . Your wife ? Oh , not to worry . She 's back in Washington running MOP , Mother 's outraged over prostitution . [ Laughter ] You 're kidding me ! Your wife 's one of those cows ? Why , I always say it 's nobody 's business What goes on between two condescending adults . SENATOR OVERSTREET : Condescending , I like that . You know , you are wise beyond your years , Mimsy . Mimi . Yeah , well , I read a lot . I like that . You know , I really do ... yeah , I really Admire career women , ahh . Mimsy ? Mimsy ! How about a little filibustering ? [ Gasps ] Oh , sweet baby Judas . You don 't waste any time , do you ? [ Grunts ] [ growls ] Wait for me ! [ Grunts ] Oh , this woman is a machine ! [ Screams ] Wrong , senator . She 's no machine , just a fragile human . And the damn things break so easy . Cy ... borgs ! Very good , senator . Cyborgs ! And you don 't like cyborgs , do you ? No , you 're wrong . You don 't understand ! I understand more than you think . But I voted against Project Cancel . I 'm a friend of the cyborg lobby . Looks like your date has expired , senator . Don 't despair . We brought a spare . Meet Razor . [ Grunts ] [ Snarls ] [ Laughs ] So you wanted to get fucked tonight , senator ? Well , you are definitely fucked . [ Screaming ] [ Laughs ] [ Dance music playing ] [ Indiscernible chatter ] OK , OK , OK , OK , OK . Wait a minute , wait a minute . Heads or tails ? [ Sighs ] Man , you 're the one that digs this shit . Why should I have to pay ? Come on , man , heads or tails ? I don 't want to go in here ? Look , who 's going to be ... All right ! Heads . All right . [ Grunts ] I 'll take the quarter . [ Dance music playing ] I 've gotta hit the john , so why don 't You find us a couple of seats ? Be in the bathroom , man . Sure , take your time . Wouldn 't want you to hurt yourself . JIM : Yeah , right . You know your money is no good in here , McCord . Thanks , Jay . By the way , have you seen Blue around ? She 's out in back , getting read to go out next . Catch any bad guys lately ? Yeah . Weaver and I were down in Central . We caught these two punks raping a business woman in an alley . They injected her with heroin . She didn 't even know what was happening . JAY : How is she ? She 's fine . She 's in stable condition in a hospital . Ah , that 's good to hear . Those punks will be out in the street Again soon , the jails being so overcrowded and all . Oh , they 're not in jail . JAY : Yeah . Well , where are there ? They opened up on us . Does that answer your question ? You looking for something , man ? Well , yeah , I 'm trying to find the john . Well , use the one downstairs . I must have passed it . Is there something else ? Take it easy . I 'm gone . [ Woman laughing ] And now ladies and gentlemen , our special treat Of the evening , Blue ! [ Cheering and applause ] [ Music playing ] Hi , can I get you something to drink ? Piss off , bitch . Fuck you , faggot . I 'll show you , faggot ! Don 't concern yourself with the bitch , brother . You know we have work to do . [ Music playing ] [ Cheering and applause ] [ Sighs ] Hey , babe . You looked great up there tonight . Thanks , honey . I 'm always extra good when you 're here to inspire me . Yeah . Me and the 30 other guys in here . Come on . Chill up , McCord . You know very well this job is just a way to pay my tuition . Oh , come on , Blue . Don 't hand me that . When you 're up there taking off your clothes In front of a room full of men , don 't tell me You don 't enjoy it . Yeah , I enjoy it , but my school is Still the most important thing . And besides , Brent , no one ever touches me except you As you know damn well . Hey , no need to remind me what a lucky guy I am . I already know . So did you notice the two borgies Who came in a little white ago ? You mean the ones in the corner ? So what ? Just a couple of cyborgs . Yeah , well , there 's something suspicious about ' em . You know , Brent , sometimes I just don 't figure you . You 've got to be one of the least Paranoid men I know except when it comes to cyborgs . Yeah , well , all borgies give me the creeps . But those two are especially creepy . Hey , Weave . Say , hot stuff . You knocked them dead again tonight . Thanks , sugar . What 'd you say to McCord to make him so serious ? It 's not me . He doesn 't like the looks of those two . Uh , borgies . Jesus , you too ? BRENT : I don 't know , I just have a bad feeling about them . Well , maybe there 's a connection , But something 's going on backstage . What do you mean ? JIM : Well , there 's two gorillas back there in suits , By Maria 's dressing room . And my guess is is that she 's entertaining some pretty Heavy gentleman caller . So , that 's not unusual ? BRENT : What ? BLUE : Well , some of the goods taken some business from time To time with some well-to-do types , You know , military head , politician , senator maybe . So a couple of borgies just happen to show up tonight ? Why ? Hey , where 'd they go ? Come on ! Let 's come up through backstage . Blue , get behind the bar . [ Gunshots ] [ Screaming ] [ Gunshots ] See you later , cop . [ Gunshots ] Weave , you OK ? Yeah , they got me , pal . But they didn 't get me good . Well , I don 't know why you rushed me . We 're here and the meeting doesn 't start for 40 minutes Yet . I apologize , sir . I had a few points I 'd like to go over with you before we Meet with general Braddock . You know he hates to be kept waiting . Braddock can take a flying ... Uh , where 's my briefcase ? Um , it 's right here , sir . Get any more word on Senator Overstreet 's murder ? [ Sighs ] Well , Braddock seems think It 's linked to the Project Blackhawk problem . Well , I figured that much out . I was against that project right from the start . So was Overstreet . Dammit , I hate dealing with the military . General Braddock seems think we can still make it work , sir . General Braddock is full of shit . That project was mishandled right from the start . He gave his man Peck too much leeway . Now it 's totally out of control . You 're trying to say we can 't regain control ? I 'm saying there 's only one thing we can do with it now , And that 's shut it down . Close down Blackhawk ? But we 've put millions into it . Wipe it out . Leave no trace . Make it look like it never existed at all . Listen , if we can 't do that , and do it now , Then we at all better get the hell out of the country And fast . [ Gunshots ] Hey , Veena . Don 't they ever let you go home ? Well , fellows , if it wasn 't for you , I probably would be home by now . Well , just doing my job , Veena . And making my tougher . So , what do we have here ? What we have is possibly a very sticky situation . Come , let me show you what I have found . We have two cyborgs . This one is almost totally reinforced With a titanium steel alloy throughout his midsection . He 's virtually indestructible . He was killed with a bullet penetrating the heart . She had much more humanity than the other . A shot to the throat [ inaudible ] to kill her , Connecting the link up to the brain . What is all that , um , white stuff ? I believe it 's a preservative of some kind , Possibly a substrate for blood . Do you have any idea where these cyborgs are from ? It is my speculation that it is government property , probably Army or something like that . What makes you so sure ? I may only be a coroner , but I know The difference between commercial work And fighting machines . These two are specifically built for combat , And they have a high pain tolerance And can withstand any temperature . Are these two unique ? Their circuitry and programming is very complex . I 'm sure there 's more from where these came from . Well , we better get going . BRENT : Um , look , if you , uh , find out anything else , Give us a call at the office . Sure . Major Wright , gentlemen . Have a seat . So , uh , what can I do for you ? Well , you 're familiar with a massacre At Sharkey 's last night ? Yes , I saw it on television . Yes , well , it seems that two cyborgs strolled in there And blew the place apart for no apparent reason . But what has that got to do with the Army ? The coroner report states it was a government model With very sophisticated parts . All of our soldiers are humans . The government doesn 't build robots . [ Knocking ] Come in . Here 's that design on that Blackhawk 2000 for the colonel . Uh , not now , Sam . I 'm busy . Oh . Sorry . So where was I ? Oh yes , yes , yes . I understand the marines are experimenting With some cybernetic tanks or something of that nature . I 'm afraid that 's all I can tell you , sorry . Now , if you gentlemen will excuse me . What 's the Blackhawk 2000 ? I 'm sorry , this classified Army information . Now , if you gentlemen would excuse me , I have some work to do . Thank you . Of course . Hold up . You guys the police ? Yeah . Show me your badges . All right , look . I know what 's going on . I can tell you about the cyborgs . I help make them . Do you know why they attacked a club last night ? Look , not here . There 's this alleyway off of Hollywood and Vine . We know the place . Meet me there tonight at 11 : 45 . I 'll answer your questions then . Make sure no one follows you . Gotcha . No , I hear you loud and clear , general . Yeah . No , no , don 't worry . It won 't happen again . You 've got my word on it . Goodbye . Nice tie . You know who that was on the phone just now , boys ? General Braddock over at the Pentagon . Seems like your little visits you Made to [ inaudible ] made some pretty Big waves with those boys . I 'd like to know what the hell you think you 're doing . Well , we can , uh , explain that , captain . Go on . I 'd like to hear it . Well , Weaver and I , we have stumbled onto something big . I , uh , think the Army is involved With some way with the Overstreet assassination And Sharkey 's last night . And the Quay assassination as well . Go on . Well , we checked and found that the two dead cyborgs At Sharkey 's were government-issued , The kind that were being turned on back in the ' 90s . You guys are out of your fucking minds , you know that ? BRENT : It 's true , sir . And we think the Army is trying to cover it up . When we left Major Wright 's we ran Into a possible information source , And he said that something covert was going on . So we 've arranged a meeting with him later . So who is this reliable source , huh ? JIM : You know we can 't reveal that until we 're Sure of our information . All right . And you have a meeting set up with this guy . Yes , sir . For tonight . Forget it . What ? I said forget it . Cancel the meeting . Do not show up for that . You hear me ? Are you crazy ? We can 't do that . [ Stammers ] What he means is , you can 't be serious ? I can . And I am . Captain , two United States senators have Been assassinated , murdered . Look , I know all about that , McCord . But you know what that means ? It means you two have got to find their murders , see ? Only . Leave the Army out of it . [ Sighs ] I can 't believe I 've hearing this shit . Just stay away from the Army , McCord . And forget about that meeting , you got it ? That 's a direct order . You boys are excused . Hey , sugar . Are you lookin ' for some action ? Yeah . Party 's at our place . Look , I 'm just meeting someone here , so , uh . Oh , come on now . Lizzy feels like getting her knees dirty for you . Mmm . What do you say ? [ Inaudible ] . Look , I 'm really not interested . Oh , we won 't hurt you . Maybe just a little . Yeah . We don 't bite unless , uh , it 's what you 're into . Yeah , maybe some other time . Thank you . Well , honey , you ain 't gonna find a better girl No where on this block . Mhmm . What she said . Yeah . He 'll be back . Huh . Hey . I didn 't say anything , I swear . [ Gunshots ] Search him . Freeze , [ inaudible ] . [ Gunshots ] [ Grunts ] Oh , Brent . [ Breathes heavily ] Brent . We have to take it easy , brother . Yeah , help 's coming . I got you . [ Inaudible ] . Don 't try to talk , man . [ Inaudible ] . We 'll have you fixed up in no time . [ Inaudible ] . [ Crying ] They won 't kill you . [ Crying ] [ Sirens ] COLONEL PECK : Report Hair . Captain Hair , reporting , sir . Target Sam Ames is dead . Are you sure ? Oh , I 'm real sure . Also dusted one of those two cops I told you about . Only one . I had a little trouble , sir . What kind of trouble was that , Captain Hair ? It was that second cop . He 's like no other human I 've ever gone up against . He killed Lead Eye . You 're telling me that , uh , that one cop took you ? It was no ordinary cop , Colonel . Fighting him was ... well , it was like fighting another borg . Another borg ? What is it you 're saying ? What I 'm trying to say , sir , is that he was good . He could 've the man that dusted Deep Throat and Ratchet Jaw At the club . What did he look like ? Well , he was six foot , had black hair , blue eyes , a Crooked nose , and a wide mouth . Crooked nose , blue eyes . McCord . Sir ? [ Chuckles ] After all this time , finally . Finding McCord . What are you saying , sir ? You ... you know this guy ? Know him ? Captain Hair , [ laughs ] you might say he 's like my brother . McCord . You bastard ! [ Laughs ] [ Buzzes lips ] How did you get in here ? Why did those bastard machines of yours kill my partner ? I 've got nothing to say to you . Hell , well I have something to say to you . So listen up . First , I 'm going to find those clowns of yours And cancel every one of their fucking asses . Then I 'm gonna gather enough evidence On you to have you court marshaled and put in jail Where you belong . Look , I 'm sorry for what happened to your friend And whatever happened to you . But you 're getting into this matter much too deeply . There are other people involved , professional people Know what they 're doing . I think you 're full of shit ! And I think we 've talked enough . It 's time for you to leave . [ Breathes heavily ] You 're finished , Frank . [ Sighs ] I gave you an explicit order not to go to that meeting , And you deliberately disobeyed that order , didn 't you , McCord ? You also told me to find the murderer . That 's ... Look , I don 't want to hear that , McCord . Where do you get off , huh ? Where do you get off taking matters into your own hands ? What gives you the right to disobey a direct order , huh ? And go above the law ? Captain , we were on to something . Oh , Jesus . I don 't want to hear that again , McCord . I don 't want to hear anything from you Right now , not word one . I 've got a man down out there . And you know why ? Because he disobeyed an order , McCord . And you ... you 're as responsible for that man 's murder As the guy as who pulled that trigger . Don 't you think I know that ? Weaver was my partner . How do you think I feel ? If he were here right now , he 'd tell you we were onto something Big , something that involved the Army . And we both knew it . I don 't want to hear it . Something really rotten is going down . And nobody is doing anything about it . They killed my partner . I 'm gonna bust their asses if I have to blast my way Into the Pentagon to do it . You 're not gonna fuck with the Army . I ought to bust your ass except that I Got a shortage of good men . Yeah ? Fuck your shortage . I quit . What 're you gonna do , huh ? Take to the streets ? Let me tell ya . You wouldn 't last two days out there without this badge To protect you . Out there ? Why , you 'd just be another hot-headed punk with a gun . And sooner or later , McCord , I 'd have To come out and cancel you . Don 't make me do that . Jesus Christ . This isn 't the ' 90s , you know ? I wish it was . McCord , this whole country is this close ... this close ... To busting right at the seams . And you know what 's holding it together ? Two things , two things . The Army and us . So we take care of the murderers and the ... and the pimps , And the punks , and the whores . If there 's something rotten in the political system , Well , the Army takes care of that . And one thing we don 't do , we don 't fuck with the Army . Well , yeah ? Well , who 's policing the Army ? You 're on thin ice , McCord . And you know what I want you to do ? I want you to go home and get some rest . Take a couple days off and you come back and see me . I will give you your new assignment . My what ? As of right now , you 're off this case . You can 't do that to me ! Watch me . Do I make myself clear ? Yes , sir . I 'll see you in two days You couldn 't do it , not this way . What 's wrong with how I 'm doing it ? Because , baby , what you 're planning to do isn 't justice . It 's revenge . BRENT : That 's right , it is . They murdered my partner , my best friend . What do you expect me to do , slap them on the wrist And make them stand in the corner ? BLUE : What about me ? What happens to me if you go off and you get yourself killed ? I 'm not the one that 's gonna die tonight . Oh , Brent . Please don 't be stupid . What do you want from me ? Can 't you see that something is very , very wrong ? [ Inaudible ] hasn 't been bought off or at least scared off . Now there 's no one else left but me . Can 't you see that ? And what if you die ? Huh ? What happens then ? You knew the risk when you fell for a cop . [ Sighs ] Brent . Please don 't go , baby . Please don 't go . Please , baby . You 're still gonna go , aren 't you ? I have to , baby . Then I 'm going too . Oh , don 't be ridiculous . It 's gonna be dangerous . I mean it , Brent . You 're gonna need help now . So I 'll be your partner . Blue , you 've got to get real . This is gonna be dangerous . That 's right . You could get killed . And I 'm not going to live without you , McCord . If we go , we go together . You realize what you 're getting yourself into ? Yes . All right , let 's go . Ah ha . Pay dirt . You found something ? Well , not something . Everything . What is it ? Some birth records of some are least favorite cyborgs . Let me see . " Severely wounded while attempting escape . " Son of a bitch . Seems that my pale friend here was , uh , A prisoner at Leavenworth prior to picking Up some much needed new parts . Lovely . " Convicted murderer and pederast . Shot before a firing squad . " Some more lovable types here . Brent . What is that ? What 's the matter ? Oh . It 's not true ! Oh my god . " Lieutenant Brent C. McCord was stationed At the American embassy in Beirut . " Lieutenant , huh ? [ Inaudible ] " When he was seriously wounded in a terrorist bombing . He later died " ... my god ... " while undergoing " Uh . " Cybernetic transformation and memory block authorized By Major Collin Wright . " Come on , Brent . We 've got to get out of here . Come on . Come on ! [ Gunshots ] What the hell did you do to him ? Shut up . Well , it doesn 't look as if he 'll be much trouble now . Let 's get him out of here on the double . [ Inaudible ] . Don 't take him out of here so fast . I 'd give a closer look at these intruders . There 's nothing to worry about here , Colonel . We have the situation well in hand . All right , let 's go . Let 's get them out of here . Major . I said wait . Wait . Guh . [ Laughs ] [ inaudible ] good work , Major . See , I don 't care what you do with the rest of them . I want this one in my office in five minutes . I 'm sorry , Colonel , but I can 't do that . You can 't what ? Major , perhaps you , uh ... you forget to whom you 're speaking . No , sir , but this is Project Rogue business . As you know , we have our procedures . Uh huh . Well , perhaps I could phrase it another way . I 'm sure you 're cognizant of the chain of command . I 'm a colonel . You 're a major . This colonel has given this major a direct order , Which will be obeyed . This man will be in my office in five minutes . With all due respect , sir , as officer In charge of Project Rogue , I take my orders only From General Braddock . Have a nice evening , Major . Glad that 's over with . What should we do with these two now , Major ? Take them back to the base ? No , I don 't think that 's a good idea right now . I know a better place to put them . Yes , sir ? Call Professor Mancini . Tell him to meet us at this address . Tell him I need him immediately . Yes , sir . Where you taking us ? MAJOR WRIGHT : To some place where we can talk . To jail ? MAJOR WRIGHT : Oh no . It 's a place better . To your house . Good , you 're awake . Wha ... wha ... where am I ? We 're in your own bed . Just relax a minute while I go and get someone . [ Groans ] Ow . [ Groans ] Well , McCord , how are you feeling ? Where 's Blue ? She 's perfectly all right . You 'll be seeing here soon . But how do you feel ? How do you think I feel ? I would think you have a lot of questions . BRENT : Oh ? Whatever will give you that idea ? I mean , just because I find out I 'm some kind of cyborg And that I ... I 've been living a lie for the past few years ? Whatever would give you the idea that I have questions ? PROFESSOR MANCINI : OK , easy McCord . Oh , fuck you . MAJOR WRIGHT : All right , let 's calm . No , no . Fuck you too . What the hell gives you the right to do this to me ? You were about to die ? Well , you should 've let me die then . McCord , I can understand how you must feel . But I 'm not going to stand here and argue the morality of it . What 's done is done . When that car bomb in Beirut took you out , There wasn 't enough ... left of you to put together . You were a dying man ... no family , no attachments . And we needed a subject . A subject ? Yes , a subject . And you were the perfect choice . OK , so that said , I 'm ... I 'm not a man anymore . I 'm just an experiment ? A robot ? You are not a robot . You just have a few new parts . Professor Mancini , you tell . This is Professor Mancini . He headed the research project that developed this technology . Oh really ? So I should ... I should call you Daddy . Look , I 'm not here to win your approval , Mr. McCord . Oh , then why the hell are you here , then ? To check up on your experiment ? PROFESSOR MANCINI : Let 's face facts here . You were an experiment , McCord , like it or not . We built you practically from the ground up . We erased certain memories pertaining To your time in the service . We even returned you back into society . So yes , you were an experiment , a very successful one , I might add . So all this time on the force , all these years , You 've been watching me ? We never have lost track of you , if that 's what you mean . Don 't worry , though , you 've had your privacy . Oh , thanks . Come on , McCord . Snap out of it . It 's not as bad as all that . You 've got some new parts that are 100 times stronger Than the originals , but you 're still A man in the ways that count . So I 'm new and improved ? So why tell me all this ? Why not just erase my memory ? Because we need your help , McCord . Have you ever heard the term , " cybernator " ? Sure , isn 't that one of those hologram movies ? MAJOR WRIGHT : No , it 's the name of the secret government Project that was involved in creating Military cyborg assassins . The only glitch was that once they created the cyborgs , They found out that they couldn 't control them . They had to terminate the whole project . All borgs were to be erased . Right , so ? So the cyborgs found out . And they went underground for 10 years . We lost all trace of them . Now over the last year and a half , They 've begun to resurface as assassins , the function For which they were created . Only now we 've become the target . At last count , they had assassinated A total of 12 military leaders and politicians . So you 've got a problem ? Why call on me ? Because you are our ace in the hole . That 's why we put you with the police . In the eight months this bunch has been on the loose , We tracked them down and fought the five times . We lost every time . You , on the other hand , have gone up against them twice And beat them both times . And now you want me to clean up your mess . Is that it ? MAJOR WRIGHT : I sure makes you the logical choice . Well , what if I don 't want to ? MAJOR WRIGHT : That 's not a request , son . That 's an order . You 're still in the army . PROFESSOR MANCINI : You have the advantage . The other cyborgs you 've seen are Part of an older technology developed during the Falcon Project of the 1990s . Except for a few touches that are still military secrets , Most of the technology in cyborgs Is available in the commercial marketplace . You , on the other hand , are a Blackhawk class . Your cybermechanics are all internally Contained , no external parts . Plus your speed and agility are several times that Of the earlier models . And now you want me to go up against your other experiments , Is that it ? Well , what if I don 't want to play cybernator ? There must be others like me , right ? There is one other Blackhawk class cyborg in existence . Why the hell don 't you go get him to ice those guys ? For military reasons , I can 't tell you more . Oh great , just fucking great . PROFESSOR MANCINI : He 's not your equal in any case . He was created first , actually , the prototype Of the Blackhawk series . By the time we got to you , we had improved The model significantly . BRENT : Really , really ? Well , how come that doesn 't make me feel any better then ? MAJOR WRIGHT : Those are the facts , Mr. McCord . What 's your answer ? Will you help us ? Do ... do I have any choice ? MAJOR WRIGHT : Not really . All right , what about Blue ? What 'll happen to her ? She 's quite all right at the moment . And what does that mean ? Where 's Blue ? I want to see her . MAJOR WRIGHT : You 'll see her , McCord , just as Soon as we finish our business . I 'm not doing nothing till I 've seen Blue . MAJOR WRIGHT : Understand one thing , McCord , what you think of us and our work isn 't important to me . But stopping those rogue cyborgs is absolutely imperative . We need you to do that . And Blue stays with us until you do . Or you 're dead . Think about that . We 'll be right in the next room . So , they patched you up pretty well . On my outsides , maybe . I 'm still burning on the inside , Blue . I feel like my bed is on fire . I need to latch onto something , someone . I feel the same way , Brent . I 'm with you . So what do we do now , McCord ? Are you with me , then ? I 'll always be with you , baby . They want me to track down the other cyborgs . They 're holding you as insurance . Me ? But isn 't that what you were after , to get Peck ? But that was different . Then it was my idea . And that was before all this . You saying you 've changed your mind ? No , no . It 's not that . It 's just that I don 't like the way they work . At first they turned me into this , And ... then they blackmail me into doing their dirty work . So ? I just don 't like it , Blue . I don 't like it . So what are you gonna do ? I 'm gonna do exactly what they want me to do . Then , um , I 'm coming back for ya . We 're gonna go away some place where we can be alone . Just you and me . I 'm waiting right here for you , Brent . That you can count on . [ Sighs ] Well , McCord , what have you decided ? I want your guarantee that Blue will be OK . Nothing will happen to her . You have my word . And I want her here where I can call And talk to her at any time . Forget it , McCord . She goes into high security . Get this straight , Wright . You need me to do this job . If I decide not to ... We kill Blue . Yeah , well , you could kill Blue and you can kill me . But that still won 't solve your rogue problem . I want her here , Wright , or no deal . All right , all right , we 'll do it your way . All right . What about equipment ? I have plenty of my own . I just need a couple things from you . MAJOR WRIGHT : Name it . First , I need that weapon you used on me last night . MAJOR WRIGHT : Absolutely , McCord . That 's a good choice . That was developed especially to use with rogues . In fact , we call it the rogue killer . Yeah . It 's funny you haven 't come up with a way to track them yet . We had , almost . Sam Ames was developing the prototype . Unfortunately , he was killed in the alley where you had Your fight with the cybernator . I could only assume that they got it . Dammit . Yeah , that 's too bad . Well , we 'll just have to do without it . They must have a secret base operation . Whatever it is , I find it . [ Cartridge shells falling ] MAJOR WRIGHT : About how long do you think you 'll need ? I 'll say two or three days at the most . You 're pretty confident , aren 't you ? What makes you think it 'll be so easy ? You just keep up your end of the bargain . I 'll be calling here tonight . Where will you be ? I 'll let you know . Maybe . [ Music playing ] Cyborg scum . No , no , no , big metal man . Tonight only love , only passion . Cyborg scum , got the passion of a toaster . Some of my best friends are toasters . You fuck . [ Gunshot ] Oh , humans bleed good . Humans bleed real good . [ Music playing ] [ Beeping ] Keep to yourself . [ Inaudible ] . Keep to yourself . Wha ... watch the ... The ba ... [ inaudible ] . They can walk through rock . What ? Who ? Who ? Who walks through walks ? They can , that 's who . They ... they can walk through rocks . Look , here . I 'll show you something pretty . I got pretty things ... wires . Wires are good ... Yeah , pretty wires . To have . Yeah . They 're good to have , but you can 't Tou ... no , don 't touch them . They 're mine . And you could bleed . Humans they bleed good . [ Laughs ] Humans bleed real good . Humans bleed real good . [ Beeping ] [ Screaming ] [ Mechanical sounds ] [ Beeping ] [ Laser gunshots ] Well , look what followed me home . Lose your hardware , McCord . Now . [ Grunting ] [ Groaning ] McCord . McCord , I understand you 're looking for me . Here I am . [ Gunshot ] Are you really supposed to be the mighty Blackhawk model ? [ Chuckles ] [ inaudible ] over me . McCord , let 's quit playing games . You know you 've already lost . You might as well come out . So you 're the one ? COLONEL PECK : Yes . 'Tis I , Colonel Elton C. Peck . [ Chuckles ] At your service . I 'm here to finish you off , Peck , And I 'm not leaving until I do . Would you spare the tired words , please , McCord ? Don 't you know you 're talking to your brother ? You 're not my brother . It really is a shame . I feel sorry , McCord . The Army hires you to do ... do their dirty work And their killing , and they don 't even Tell you who you are . You 're not my fucking brother ! Oh . You 're not my brother . Perhaps I made a mistake . Maybe you 're my executioner . And if you are that , execute me . [ Gunshot ] As I said , McCord , highly , highly overrated . Highly overrated . [ Gunshots ] You might as well give up , McCord . Stop cowering like so measly human being . [ Inaudible ] beneath the cyborg of your caliber . [ Gun clicking ] You know you were built to replace me . My god . Can you have some pride in yourself ? Come on , McCord ! McCord . You have no weapons left and nowhere to go . [ Gunshot ] You think you could kill me ? [ Inaudible ] . You see , McCord , I ... I used the funds from the Blackhawk Project to slowly build my body , cybernetically , limb by ... limb My limb and organ by organ . [ Inaudible ] McCord . You 're fighting on the wrong side . Why do you think you are [ inaudible ] ? Look , it 's in your [ inaudible ] way . You 're doing the killing for them . If I were to kill you , I 'd kill you now . You think they would care ? No . They wouldn 't care , McCord . You see , see all they want you to do Is accomplish your mission , which is to destroy me . [ Inaudible ] and Elton C. Peck , the one that got away . And if you were to kill me , how long do you Think you would live , McCord ? [ Explosion ] [ Chuckles ] That was not a nice thing you did , little brother . You don 't understand . You see , they 're afraid of us . Listen , McCord , they ... they think The Blackhawk Project was a mistake , was an embarrassment . They never , ever meant to create a cyborg superior to them . Why do you think we went rogue ? McCord , they 're afraid of us . All they want to do is terminate us . But that 's not going to happen . I 'm going to kill them all . But McCord , you must go first . [ Cries ] [ groans ] [ inaudible ] ! [ Cries ] You know , you 're really starting to get on my nerves . What , are you bucking for a section eight ? Very funny . I just don 't like it when somebody Else is pulling the strings . Look , what are you talking about here ? We 've got McCord by the short hairs . Look , all that bluster and bravado on the phone Just proves it . He 's pissed because he know he 's got no choice . Think so , huh ? Absolutely . Then why do I feel as if we 've got him where he wants us ? [ Glass shattering ] [ Coughs ] Tear gas . [ Music playing ]
