 2030 AD . Post-ecologic holocaust . Director Charles Band creates a unique science-fiction world with Crash and Burn , the newest release from Full Moon Entertainment . It 's a future where nuclear bombs have not exploded . The people on Earth have not been annihilated by some alien force . What has happened simply is there has been an economic collapse and several large corporations that wound up really buying out government , really effectively controlling the world . Coupled with our messing up the ozone layer , and the climate being at certain times unlivable . It 's a future that could actually happen if we 're not careful . - You really oughtta go inside . - Why ? - The ultraviolet . It 's burning you up . - Why ? Megan Ward plays Arren , the granddaughter of renegade television newscaster Ralph Waite of television 's The Waltons . Since I grew up in the desert , and I don 't have any playmates I find that all my time is playing with robots and computers . So I learned how to resurrect this eighty foot dilapidated robot , and turns out I get to save the day with it . - That what I think it is ? - DV8 . Back when they made them big . I 've only seen these in pictures before . How 'd it get all the way out here ? The government scrapped them . They built them for the uranium mines . When the mines went dry , they dumped them . - There 's probably more around here somewhere . - Really ? Must 've really been a sight to see this old guy in action . The first time we reveal the robot , Megan and I are walking up to it and taking a look at it . It 's difficult because we 're using miniatures , and to walk up to nothing but a rock pile and to have to really use your imagination . Actually turns out to be my ally . Most of the robots are my enemies in this one , but this guy is my friend . Imprisoned by the thermal storm raging outside , the reluctant guests prepare to bed down for what will be a long night . " Crash and burn " is the computer virus that attacks the android Synthoids in the film . That 's why they go after and kill my grandfather and proceeded to kill everyone else . There 's a tiny little chip in my big , gargantuan brain . The company calls it the " Jiminy factor , " cause it 's like a conscience . It 's kinda cute , huh ? I would never in a million , billion , trillion years terminate a human . But thanks to a miracle of modern technology , poor little Jiminy Cricket ... has crashed ... and burned ! Jiminy Cricket factor is an implanted conscience ... which is apparently , according to the screenplay , all that stands between the Quinn human and Quinn the killer robot . It 's funny that a conscience can be reduced to a microchip , but nonetheless that 's what 's happened in 2030 . What 's the rush ? ! My cheek was stabbed and ripped by the ingenue here . My head was squibbed . My head exploded with a shotgun blast from PG back there . It 's a tough life , being a Synthoid . But it is the DV8 robot who is without a doubt Crash and Burn 's biggest star and truest hero . Action ! Special effects wizard Dave Alan has fabricated the DV8 out of polystyrene plastic and resin . It is four and a half feet tall and weighs 40 pounds . Six puppeteers are required to animate the DV8 ... One for the legs , one for each arm one for the hand controls , one for the eyelights , and one to counter balance and control the headrod . The robot puppetry is shot in front of a blue screen , a necessity for certain optical effects . This particular case the robot is not featured throughout the film . We 're aware of the robot 's presence . The young girl in the picture tries to reactivate the robot during the film . Luckily , much like the Calvary at the end of a Western , the robot does come to life at the end , and really does save the day by , on top of other things , squishing our villain . Metal and muscle . Man and machine . Crash and Burn .
