 NARRATOR : That was the scene in California 's Mojave Desert , five years ago . Our historic first view of the Newcomers ' ship . Theirs was a slave ship carrying a quarter-million beings ... bred to adapt and labor in any environment . But they 've washed ashore on Earth ... with no way to get back to where they came from . And in the last five years , the Newcomers have become the latest addition ... to the population of Los Angeles . ♪ ( ALL CHANTING TENCTONESE ) ♪ ♪ ( ALL CHANTING TENCTONESE ) ♪ ( SCREAMING ) ♪ ( CHANTING TENCTONESE LOUDER ) ♪ ( SCREAMS ) ( CHANTING TENCTONESE STOPS ) I 've been putting in so much overtime ... I didn 't even know my son was flunking math . I know . I can 't remember the last time I got home before midnight . They work us like slaves around here . Oh , I 'm sorry . Cathy ? I 'll see you later , Helen . Andron ... Andron , is that you ? ( DOOR OPENING ) It 's me , Andron , Gelana . Andron . ( BABY CRYING ) Good morning , Francisco . Oh , good morning , Captain . What is that ? It 's an oscillator . It 's important for Newcomer infants to receive ... an abundance of circular motion . It 's good for the harmony of their being . Why is she harmonizing in my squad room ? I 'm sorry , but the babysitter didn 't show and Susan had already left for work . I didn 't know what else to do . Look , I understand you 've got family problems , but ... this is no place for a child . Hey , Cap . Pay up . I don 't owe you any money . Come on , when the credits were rolling ... your cheeks looked like Niagara Falls . Now cough up $ 20 . Come on . Niagara Falls ? He was crying like a baby . I know about that . I wasn 't crying . Right . Hey , what 's with the kid ? The sitter didn 't show . Why were you crying , Matthew ? I wasn 't ! I got some popcorn salt in my eye ... I don 't understand . Me and Sikes , we went to see a love story last night at the movies . Gone With the Wind Two . Return to Tara . And I bet Sikes that he would cry like a baby . And he did . I didn 't . Matthew , you and Beatrice were out on a date ? No ! Me ? With this hermit on a date ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , Sikes , I bet you can 't remember the last time you were on a real date . The hell I can 't . It was ... Well ? Don 't you have something better to do , Zepeda ? Yeah , I think I 'll go figure out how to spend my winnings . What ? Matthew , in all the time I 've known you ... I can 't ever remember you being on a date . Maybe you never got the touch . Hey , pal , I have the touch . No , I don 't mean a way to get on with women . I mean a way to give and receive love . Watch . You see , for us , the temples are the center where love is received ... and from which love flows . It 's especially important for the young to feel and experience this love . Perhaps that 's your problem . You never got enough of the touch . Or its human equivalent when you were a child . I got your touch . Sikes . Hi , Cathy . Cathy , what 's wrong ? She wasn 't making much sense . I 've never heard her like that before . Said it was important for both of us to be here ... Maybe I should call the station again . George , you can 't spend all day on the phone . Albert will take care of Vessna . He 's her Binnaum . I 'm her father . The thought of her spending all day in a janitor 's closet ... makes me rot under the collar . That 's " hot . " Besides , she 'll be on the spinner , she 'll think it 's the Ritz . If she doesn 't throw up . No ... I 'm going to call , will only take a second . Quickie bar , you 're mine . Whoa ! That 's the last Quickie bar . Oh , well , I 'm sorry , are you waiting for this ? No ... I mean ... No . Good , I missed breakfast . You eat Quickie bars for breakfast ? Call me a health-nut . You were waiting for this , weren 't you ? Well , yeah , but ... You don 't look like a kind of guy who could pass up a Quickie , so ... You don 't have to do this . Junk food lovers are an endangered species . We should stick together . Besides , I kept the big half . She 's fine . Yeah , she is . GEORGE : You knew him on the ship ? I cared for him . I worked in the nursery for a short while . His name is Andron . He 's a very special child . He 's very loving . After quarantine , I spent a lot of time searching for him ... and finally I was told that he died . They found him last night in a dumpster . SIKES : No child was reported missing . We 've located the mother . That 's very strange . Why wouldn 't a parent report their child missing ? Who 's the woman ? Child welfare . The boy looks frightened . He won 't speak , he won 't eat , and he recoils from the slightest touch . Andy ? Oh , Andy . Mrs. Day ? Yes , how 's my boy ? Well , mostly dirty . I 'm Lorraine Clark . We spoke on the phone . Can I take him now ? Excuse me , Mrs. Day . I 'm Detective Francisco . And I 'm Detective Sikes . MRS. DAY : Police ? SIKES : Yeah . MRS. DAY : Did Andy get into trouble ? No , ma 'am , we 'd just like to ask you a few questions like ... why didn 't you report your boy as missing ? I went to bed early last night . I didn 't notice he was missing until this morning . I was just about to call the police when Miss Clark called me . What happened to Andron ? I knew him before we landed . He injured his head when the ship came down . Crash trauma , they call it . He was so vibrant , and so alive . He doesn 't even know me now . I 'm so sorry . Andy , let 's go . Thank you . Mrs. Day ... my name is Cathy Frankel . I want to work with Andy . I was very close with him on the ship and I know that I can help him . I 've seen all the experts . Thank you , no . But , there have been terrific strides that medicine have made in this area . I 've seen crash trauma patients ... No . Andy is fine , really . Thank you anyway . ( DOOR OPENING ) Gelana . GEORGE : Quiet , neemu . I don 't think she 's hungry . Buck , please , just feed her . Yes , I understand that you were sick , but you could have called ... to say that you weren 't going to be here . I had to take Vessna to work . Sorry , I 'm late . We 'll just have to find someone else . SUSAN : The client wanted to see my marketing ideas ... for Yak bubble-gum and I came up with this wonderful idea . Sort of a play on that old human song ... " yakety yak , don 't smack back . " That 's funny . Here , Buck , let me feed her . I don 't think she 's hungry . She won 't take her bottle . We lost another sitter . That 's the sixth in three weeks . Can 't we find anyone reliable ? She 's not hungry , she just needs ... ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) George ? You 're not giving her the touch every hour ? Sorry . Maybe I can work at home for the next two days , but after that ... I think we 're going to have to put her in daycare . BUCK : Daycare ? Vessna needs to be with her family , not strangers . Well , who do you suggest stays home ? Buck , this family needs two incomes . I 'll make an appointment . Rigac , here he comes . RIGAC : Andron , over here . ( CAR DRIVES OFF ) Cathy , I know you care about Andy , but you followed him ? I just felt I had to and I was right . I know Andy 's in trouble , and I know Rigac is behind it . This Rigac , did he force Andy into the car ? No . Did he harm him in any way ? Well , no . Then , Cathy ... what is it , that you want me to investigate ? Matt , we 're not talking about just any Overseer . Rigac was the Chooser . I worked in the nursery . I gave these children love . Rigac would pick through the children and assign them their fates . Where they would be sold ... how they would live ... and who would die . He took Andron from me on the ship . And he 's got him now , and look what he 's done to him . Please , Matt ... there must be something we can do . I 'm afraid Miss Frankel is mistaken . I don 't know anyone named Rigac . He was the Overseer known as the Chooser . Still don 't know who he is ? I don 't associate with Overseers . Then why did Andy climb into his car yesterday after school ? Cathy . My son comes home from school on a special bus . I 've gone through all of this with Miss Clark . What are your findings ? I 'll be filing a favorable report . Mrs. Day was very cooperative ... and what I found was a clean and positive environment for Andy . Then why is he acting like a walking vegetable ? That is so cruel . When Andron was under my care on the ship , he was a healthy child . What is he now ? A child who suffered an injury . I don 't believe you . And I don 't believe he was injured in the crash . Andy has been abused . And I think that we should have him tested . Wait a minute . This woman is following my son around like a lunatic ... and I 'm the one who 's being accused ? He is my son . And if you and your partner don 't keep her away from him ... I 'm going to be filing some charges of my own . You 're not gonna just let her go ? There has been no crime . You obviously care deeply for Andy . I wish I could give you more assurances ... but based on my criteria , Andy 's home is sound . But your criteria is made by humans to protect humans . Andron is a Newcomer and you don 't understand him . Cathy , that 's not fair . Tell me , Miss Clark , when you visited his home ... was his meekar full of jowab ? Jowab ? Was his Nalit facing the rising moon ? But it was a positive environment . George , please . ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) Thank you for trying . It 's amazing . Reagan 's been out of office eight years and his hair is still not gray . Ronald Reagan , an amazing man . A president who put the family first in the first family . That 's something we can all be proud of . I 'm Mr. Eugene . You must be Mr. And Mrs. Francisco . Won 't you let me show you our demonstrator . This is a scaled down version of our sensory room ... which is a loving nest to over 200 other happy tots . Now I see from your family profile chart ... that you 're looking for such an abode for little Cessna . Vessna . What a beautiful name that is , too . Well , I think she 'll love this sensory room . All of her needs from nutrition to stimulation are taken care of . Yes , this room was designed to give today 's child ... be they Newcomer or human , everything it needs in today 's world . A personal touch through technology . A personal touch ? Everything 's computerized . The best 1996 has to offer . Each containment unit is sensory wired , so the nurse on duty can monitor them all . As you can see , this little baby has activated its dampness sensor . In mere moments , it would be dried , powdered and back online . Now that 's a personal touch our competitors can 't touch . Well , thank you very much for your time . Leaving so soon ? I was just about to demonstrate the automated formula pumps . It 's quite impressive . Maybe some other time . This place reminds me of the ship . It 's no place to house our little Cessna . Jelly doughnuts with hot chocolate and bubble gum ice cream . A mere midnight snack . How about a double chili cheeseburger ... pork rinds and a triple-thick shake ? No . Check this . Captain Crunch , chocolate milk , whip cream with butterscotch topping ... chased by a root beer float . All before 7 a.m. I 'm impressed . And my mother was a nutritionist . Excuse me . Can we have some extra hot fudge , please ? Sure . It 's all good for you . All except for the banana . You know , I 'm really glad that we could have lunch today . I felt bad that there wasn 't more that I could do for your friend . She 's taking it all pretty hard . We can only imagine the hell they went through on that ship . Yeah , I 've seen my partner relive some of it . Yeah , I mean , it isn 't easy , but Cathy 's strong . You know , she was right . We hardly know anything about their species . Especially in my line of work . When you figure them out let me in on it , okay ? Come on , your partner 's a Newcomer . You 're with him all day . Let 's put it this way , they 're not exactly easy to understand . Tell you what , Sikes . You come over some time and you give me your insight into who they are . And I will make you the best ... deep fried macaroni and cheese hot dog pie that you 've ever had . A pretty light dinner . I meant for breakfast . All right , tell me , Sikes , how was the malt shop with Lori ? Can it , Zepeda . Come on , did you use two straws or one ? I don 't sip and tell . Hey , George , how you doing ? Cat got your tongue ? No . What 's wrong ? I have trouble with a species that cares so little about the welfare of their children . I don 't have all the answers , but you heard Lorraine . There 's nothing we can do for Cathy . This isn 't about Cathy . It 's about Vessna . Daycare was a bust , huh ? I 'd as soon leave her in the janitor 's closet all day . At least there she 'd know she was loved . Hey , Romeo , I forgot to tell you ... Mrs. Avery , at Newcomer Affairs , returned your call . I left the message on your desk . Thanks . You know , Lorraine 's been lobbying hard at the city office ... to get daycare centers started . You ought to talk to Grazer . Maybe you can start one here . Mrs. Avery ? Matt Sikes . You 're sure ? Okay , thank you . What is it ? Newcomer Affairs . Their records show Andy came out of the crash perfectly healthy . No indication he was ever hurt . My friend cries out for help and I 'm gorging on a boffo-banana-blitz . I should have seen it coming , George . Matt , we don 't have all the facts . It 's a lock . They found traces of this on a rag in the boy 's room . Quirkus . It has the same effect on Newcomers that ether has on humans . I found this bottle in Cathy 's apartment . Her place looked like Dorothy 's farm after she blew out of Kansas . She was headed somewhere fast . We 're sympathetic to the situation , Mrs. Day . We want your boy found safe as well . Everything possible is being done . Yes , an APB or whatever you call it ... and your two very best detectives assigned to the case . Is there a problem here ? I have a problem when the detective in charge is the suspect 's boyfriend , yes . I 'm not her boyfriend , lady . Whomever she is , she has kidnapped my son . Kidnapping ? You 're sure it wasn 't a rescue mission . Sikes ! How dare you say that ? Then maybe you can tell us why the Bureau of Newcomer Affairs said ... Andy was released from quarantine with a clean bill of health . There was no record of severe crash trauma . Their records are inaccurate , and you know it . I am not on trial here ! Are you going to let them talk to me that way ? Mrs. Day , please ... Maybe , the Commissioner would object . Hold it , please , let 's just settle down here . Go home . Try to be patient . I promise we 'll keep you posted . We 're doing everything we can . And you both keep digging . We 'll keep digging , Captain . You can count on it . Stupidity . ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) I didn 't tell you about the Frankel woman because I didn 't think it was serious . The police , the kidnapping , I had no idea . No idea ? The destiny of the Chosen is at stake and you had no idea ? Given the circumstances , maybe the boy isn 't worth the risk . I selected him once , he should be with us again . And if you hadn 't let him escape during the ceremony ... we wouldn 't be in the situation we are now . But there are others , sir . And all of them are necessary . They must all , we ... must all , be the sum total of a united race . ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) I 've invested too much time in him to forget about him now . But , here on Earth , we must adjust our plan ... we 're not the force we were on the ship . Does this mean nothing to you ? Have you forgotten already ? Gone soft without sniveling Dregna at your feet each day ? I have not forgotten . We are the Chosen . And forever will be . ♪ ( TENCTONESE MUSIC ) ♪ ♪ ( TENCTONESE MUSIC CONTINUES ) ♪ What are you drawing ? Can I see ? Andy . Andron . Do you remember me ? The ship was a bad place , I know . But you and I ... it was special . Please , Andron , let me see what you 've drawn . ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) ( VOICEOVER TENCTONESE ) ( VOICEOVER TENCTONESE ) ( VOICEOVER TENCTONESE ) Gelana . ( VOICEOVER TENCTONESE ) Gelana . Andron ! Andron ! ZEPEDA : Here , this was delivered to you . I guess Lorraine finds guys that cry at movies irresistible . But without that sense of loving ... without proper attention from family , our little ones will suffer ... both human and Newcomer . I 'm sorry , Francisco , my decision is final . No daycare in the precinct . But there are many officers here with young children ... don 't you care about their morale ? Daycare would bolster their attitudes ... their performances . Would it ? What about the police calls missed while they 're off cooing Junior ? Our job is to serve the public , not strain peas . But Captain , think of all of the extra hours the officers would be willing to work ... knowing their child is safe , virtually at arm 's length . Safe ? This is a police squad room , Francisco . Look ... my wife and I may be childless ... but I can still sympathize with your dilemma . George , I just don 't have the solution for it . Neither do I. Yeah , great , ok , thanks , Pizeman . No daycare , huh ? You okay ? It 's not me I 'm worried about . LORRAINE : Hi , Matt , you got a minute ? Lori , hi . Hi , George . Thanks . I just found out something very interesting . Yeah , I just hit gold myself . Been doing some digging on this Mrs. Day . Get this , she 's on the payroll of a holding company owned by Marty Gras . Marty Gras ? That 's his Earth name . On the Newcomer ship he was known as Rigac . She works for the Chooser ? Well , maybe this helps , or maybe it doesn 't ... but I just found out that when Andy was released from quarantine ... he wasn 't released to his natural mother . Day isn 't his real mother ? George , how could that be ? With the intricate tissue typing that should have been impossible . It 's possible his real parents are out there somewhere . I 've been trying to track them down . Sikes , line two . Later . Sikes , it 's Cathy . Trace it . Cathy . Hello , Matt . Cathy , where are you ? I called to tell you that we 're safe . Listen to me . Do yourself a favor and come in now . No . Damn it , I mean it ! Cathy , look , we 're talking felony here . I can help you , but only if you come in now . I can 't do that . I don 't know why , but they 've done terrible things to Andron . Here , and on the ship . We 're gonna nail Rigac and Mrs. Day . We 're making headway , they won 't get away with ... You can 't promise that . Then you are going to have to trust me . I do trust you , but as long as you can 't promise ... Andron 's in danger and I won 't take that risk . Cathy , please . And not until I find the Andron I once knew . Cathy ? Where are you ? I won 't be anywhere long . Goodbye , Matt . Cathy , don 't ... Got it . TROY : How long must we sweep this gutter ? RIGAC : Until we find the child . May I help you ? Only Dregna sleep in this dump . Look familiar ? Room 21 . No ! No ! I remember you . ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) Shut up ! Bring them both . Police . Which room ? Room 21 , with the others . Others ? What 's it mean , George ? George ? Look , it 's simple , Pizeman , the witness got all but the last three digits of the plate ... MX5 , a silver sedan . Run it through the computer , please . Then , cancel your coffee break ... take the doughnut out of your face , cause the guy driving the car ... kidnapped somebody I give a damn about , got it ? ( HANGS UP PHONE ) Pretty spooky stuff . This poor kid couldn 't have been very happy when he drew this . What is that they 're putting on his head ? It seems to be a metallic band covering his temples . George , didn 't you say that temples were some sort of love center or something ? It is where Newcomers receive love . Why would they want to cover that ? I don 't know . Hi . Any word ? No . I might have something . In trying to locate Andy 's real parents ... I 've found 20 other Newcomer children in the same situation as Andy . Not with their natural parents ? Exactly . I contacted the other parents and they all think their children died in the crash . And these parents just blindly accepted that their kids were killed ? Given our personal rights at the time , Matthew ... we were hardly in any position to question the authorities . Susan and I were lucky to be reunited with Buck . Lori , you got any of the names of those adoptive parents you turned up ? Yeah , a bunch . Matt ? Well , well , well . Not only are they all adoptive parents ... they 're also on the payroll of Rigac 's holding company . Zep , find out what this holding company owns . I 'm on it . Rigac , the Chooser , he 's behind all of this . What does an Overseer want with these children ? What if he 's continuing his mission , like ODESSA ? Time out , George . After their defeat in World War II the most ... militant surviving Nazis ... particularly the SS regrouped , planned ... orchestrated the survival of the Nazi Party . Their race . That is what the temple-bands are for . By denying them love , he 's turning them into monsters . He 's turning them into Overseers . Andron will not become one of you . You cannot prevent it . This is not the ship ... you are no longer Keezantsun . We 'll always be Keezantsun . Whether it takes one year or 1000 years to be rescued from this planet ... we will always be strong ... united , the superior ones . You will not succeed . Dregna stop us ? I won 't let you destroy Andron . Dregna are such children . We controlled your thought , your very existence . But the one thing you couldn 't control was our love . Your love is your weakness . Our resistance to it is what makes us strong . Andron will demonstrate that . Sixty-five different possibilities from Pizeman . We don 't have the manpower to check all those plates . Matt ... What do you see , George ? There 's a pattern in these sketches of Andy 's . The child is torn from someone close to him . Fixed with some kind of temple-guard . Isolated , as if being prepared or brainwashed ... for some type of sacrificial ceremony . What do these markings on the sacrifice mean ? They are Tenctonese symbols for love . What , the kid kills love ? Or , kills the one he loves to become Keezantsun . They 're gonna make Andy kill Cathy . Sikes , Rigac 's holding company , mostly real estate . You know , the new mall down on Catalina , the Regent Hotel downtown ... office buildings ... The Regent Hotel . Yeah . Bull 's-eye . We 've got a vehicle registered to the Regent Hotel . Let 's move . ♪ ( CHANTING TENCTONESE ) ♪ ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) Andron . Andron , it 's Gelana . Andron . He 's mine now . All right , let 's split up . Head around back . Andron , free yourself . You are loved . The Chosen shall let his actions speak . ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) You are the Chosen , fulfill your birthright . Police , freeze ! Everyone stay where you are ! Get on your knees . Get your hands on your head , Keezantsun . You all right ? With us , you 're safe now , son . Francisco . Yes , Captain . Look , about your daycare idea . I was thinking ... maybe we could clear out the weight room ... get some stuffed animals or something . On a trial basis , Francisco ... Of course . Okay . Thank you , Captain . ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) Would you like a moment with him ? Hello , Andy . ( SPEAKING TENCTONESE ) Andron , are you ready to go ? What ?
