 NARRATOR : That was the scene in California 's Mojave Desert , five years ago . Our historic first view of the Newcomers ' ship . Theirs was a slave ship , carrying a quarter-million beings ... bred to adapt and labor in any environment . But they 've washed ashore on Earth ... with no way to get back to where they came from . And in the last five years , the Newcomers have become the latest addition ... to the population of Los Angeles . ( GLASS BREAKING ) ( BUZZING ) ( BEEPING ) ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Just a second . ( BEEP ) Matt , hi . I need a scientist . Come on in . I 'm sorry . Are you busy ? Well , I 'm a little behind at work . I was just finishing up some genetic typing . What can I do for you ? See , we got this new ramrod commissioner ... with more college degrees than brains who 's ordered this stupid test ... on everyone to see if we 're crazy . Hell , I could 've phoned that one in , right ? But , it 's mandatory , see . I 've answered a few of them , but I don 't want to embarrass myself . I figured you being a scientist you could give me some idea ... you know , what they want to hear . Sort of . A psychological evaluation . How fascinating . Fascinating ? It 's a bunch of bull . I don 't know , this one 's interesting : Would you rather A : walk your dog , B : clean your desk ... or C : make love ? I mean , I 've seen how messy your desk is . And you don 't own a dog . This was a bad idea . Matt , I 'm sorry . I 'm a biochemist , not a psychologist . There are no right answers . Just be honest . It 's a good chance for you to learn about yourself ... and for others to learn about you . I do my job . Nothing else should matter . Matt , it 's only an evaluation . ( PHONE BEEPING ) Yeah , but if they find out you tie your shoelaces wrong ... they ship you off to another division . You 're behind a desk , you 're ... This is Cathy Frankel . I 'll be right there . Trouble ? That was my service . There 's been a break-in at the lab , I 've got to go down there . You want me to go with you ? Go with me , why ? Well , it 's kind of late ... and it 's a crazy town . Well , thank you , Matt , but I can take care of myself . Besides , I 'm stronger than you are . I didn 't mean you needed help . But I wouldn 't mind the company . Great . I 'd rather face a burglar with a gun than this thing any day . You can go home , Frankel . Professor Pettit . All your work . And all my animals . I tried to have you paged to tell you not to bother . Everything is under control . Is your alarm hooked into the police ? JEFFRIES : Yep . I got the 459 just as I was dunking my glazed twist . The boys in blue just left . I 'm Jeffries . Sikes , Central . You boys from Hollenbeck get all the messy stuff . Yeah , we 're usually cleaning up after you lazy bums . And speaking of lazy , what are you doing here ? Matt came as a friend . Good thing , hate to think the department pulled two of us off doughnut duty . MATT : What have we got here ? Blood . SID 's on the way . CATHY : Not human . PETTIT : It 's rodent . I rely on them heavily for my cerebral research . He 's a behaviorist . What ? A mice-and-maze doctor . There 's enough disorder here without you adding to it . Sorry , Doc , evidence . What 's up with Doc ? Eggheads . If E don 't equal MC squared , they flip . Yo , Jeffries . MATT : Think you can get a nice clean lift off of this . A lot of good that would do . It belongs to Bobo . A chimp . The extenuated phalanges indicate that . Chimps have long fingers . Yeah , right . Now , if you 're all quite finished I 'd like to clean up my lab . Sorry , nobody 's cleaning up anything till SID gives this place the once over . Guy 's a regular Miss Congeniality . ( COMPUTER BUZZING ) What are all these files doing here ? I 'm sort of behind , and Grazer lowered the boom . We 're baby-sitting paperwork today . An order I 'm doing my best to ignore . George , what the hell have you done with our data sets ? It 'd be easier to peek under the pope 's skirt ... than to pull priors out of your computer files . I coded them , reorganized them logically ... cross-referencing the " A " and " B " members with the mainframe data sets . That way I can enter any data set from any file . I 'm surprised to see you using the system at all , Matthew . That 's quite a departure from your normal behavior pattern . You 've been regurgitating this psychobabble for three weeks . Put a straitjacket on it . Psychobabble ? It 's fascinating . And very advanced for humans that you have a science ... devoted exclusively to analyzing what makes you tock . Tick . And psychology is a bunch of frustrated thumb-suckers ... who think the root of all the problems in the world is that you hate your mother . You hate your mother ? No , George , I don 't hate my mother . I 'm beginning to hate you , the way you screwed up this computer . What are you looking for ? There was a break-in last night at Cathy 's lab . Perps tore the place up pretty good , let some lab animals go . Animal rights activists ? I don 't know , I 'm just looking for similars . This isn 't our case , is it ? It 's just , you know , Cathy 's involved . Oh , Cathy ? Yeah . She asked me if I 'd look into it . Are you seeing Cathy ? She 's just a friend , would you ... Officers , your attention please . Thank you . In conjunction with the written personality profiles ... I trust you 've all completed ... the department has decided to give one-to-one stress evaluations ... to all of the field officers . Dr. Marcie Wright ... the department psychologist , will be administering the tests . Not tests , explorations of your value systems . How you relate to each other , to the job , and to yourselves . It 's a great way to help our brotherhood serve the community better . According to the departmental memo I got . Come on , George . Let 's go get some coffee before we have a group hug . Excuse me , Detective Sikes ? Excuse me . DR. WRIGHT : While I 'm certain it 's just an oversight ... yours is the only personality profile I 've yet to receive . Look , I could tell you my dog ate it , it got lost in the wash , whatever . The truth is I didn 't finish it . I think it 's stupid . I can understand how you feel , but it 's still a requirement . Right , so you can tell me I misplace my aggression ? Actually , Matthew , the clinical term is displaced aggression . In which latent hostility is directed at a subject ... not associated with the initial anger . I got your latent hostility . Exactly . You must be Detective Francisco . Yes , I am . And I trust you did receive my profile . As a matter of fact , I did . Is there something wrong ? I answered each question . I 'm afraid you over-answered each question . A multiple choice is just that . You gave me an essay on every possible response . Well , I wanted to be thorough . To give you a deeper insight into who I am . While I appreciate your enthusiasm ... and you 've obviously done your homework ... I don 't want answers from Jung , Freud , and Dr. Ruth . I want answers from you . Anyway , in its present form , your profile is unusable . Certainly there must be some conclusion about me ... that you can derive from this profile ? Well , Detective , I 'd just as soon reserve my judgment ... until you redo the profile . No . You were going to say something . DR. WRIGHT : Perhaps , that ... ( MUFFLED SPEAKING ) What 's wrong ? Dr. Wright just said that I have an insatiable need ... to influence the situations around me . Insatiable need ? Congratulations , George , the doc just called you a control freak . Control freak ? ( SCREAMING ) Twelve hours of pushing paper , I 've had enough . Do you realize that in psychological terms ... control freak translates to anal-retentive ? If she had any knowledge of science whatsoever , she would know ... anal-retention in Newcomers is a physiological impossibility . Sour grapes , George ? This morning , you thought that psycho stuff was the greatest . ( PHONE RINGING ) Sikes . Matt , Cathy . I 'm between meetings , so I have to make this fast . I just wanted to call and thank you for going with me last night . Don 't mention it . Any word on that break-in ? Yes , that 's why I 'm calling . Detective Jeffries is sure that it was a protest . Protest ? Animal rights activists . Luckily we found most of the animals in the building . We 're going to be late . I have to go , Matt . I 'm sorry . Thanks again . Yeah . Bye-bye . So , it was the animal rights activists . You listening in on my phone conversations again ? You know that 's all tied in with that anal stuff . It 's not anal , it 's aural . Just doesn 't make sense . It makes perfect sense . Newcomers have acute hearing . I could hear ... Not your ears , the animal rights activists . Why would they go to all the trouble to break in to free the animals ... and then not release them outside ? How can Jeffries believe that ? If it bothers you so much , why don 't you call Detective Jeffries and clear it up ? Detective Jeffries , please . Yeah , I 'll hold . Then having freed the animals , why would they go ahead and trash the lab ? I guess it would depend on what was in the lab . Test tubes , electrodes , files scattered all around . Mice-through-mazes stuff . And something called Project DART . D-A-R-T . Maybe I 'm crazy , it just seems weird . Nothing to wet your pants about , George . Celine ! You 're right , George , you 're not a control freak , you 're out of control . MATT : Come on . GRAZER : Good night , gentlemen . Don 't let the psychologist see that . I said Jeffries . Detective Jeffries . You sure ? Okay , thanks . Matt ? Hollenbeck Division , they don 't have a Detective Jeffries . See what you get for playing with butane and nails ? Sorry to keep you guys waiting . At least you had company . You know , Lois , you 've been working too much . I 'm saving for a trip to Hawaii . I figured if I put away a dollar ... for every stiff 's intestines that I drain , I should be lying on a beach by next April . You 're a terribly romantic woman . At least I have my dreams . Which is more than I can say for your John Doe . LOIS : The midnight boys found him downtown . Cause of death ? Somebody emptied a 9-millimeter into his chest . You can play connect-the-dots , but it 's not a pretty picture . Andarko . No ID , no clothes , no nothing , stripped clean . He was dead before he was dumped downtown . One weird thing , though ... I found traces of gunpowder in the wounds . Weird ? The guy 's Swiss cheese . Yes , but the powder I found was fresh . Not spent . MATT : Let 's get a look at his face . MATT : I 'll try and get a match from the mug books ... and see if he had a criminal record . George , he already has a prom date . You 're kidding . No Detective Jeffries , you 're sure ? No , I 'm not hard of hearing , butthead . Matthew , we got an ID on the John Doe in the morgue . A widower named Marcus Byer . A chemist from Loma Linda . Get this , George . There wasn 't even a police report filed on that lab break-in . Maybe the other detective procrastinates his paperwork ... as much as you do . You 're controlling , George . Matthew , I understand our job is to find answers , but to these questions ... not about your phantom detective . George , it doesn 't even bother you that ... there could be a guy out there pretending to be a cop ? What bothers me is that we have a case ... a murder case , and there are only questions and no answers ... and the only thing that you care about is ... a break-in in a lab that is none of your business . Look , I care , George . It 's just , the fact is , we get shootings here every day . Not like this . Somehow , I know this man . You sure ? Pardon me , Detective . I don 't mean to interrupt . Excuse me . Is he always so preoccupied ? George ? He 's the Rock of Gibraltar . He 's just having a bad day . By the way ... I still haven 't received your personality profile . I start my evaluations today . Yeah , procrastination 's one of my biggest problems . I can see that . Make sure I get it . GRAZER : I wanted to submit myself as your first evaluee . I find the key to being in a position of authority and leadership ... is establishing a relationship of respect with the men . And you 're secure in your leadership abilities ? Absolutely , like a newborn in the arms of his mother . You know , Captain , it 's not uncommon ... for people in your position to experience feelings of doubt ... about their leadership ability . Me ? I have no doubt . No . I mean , no doubts whatsoever . Somebody get these wood chips away from me . You know how much cellulose the pod needs . Don 't want it to fill up with mucus . EMILY : So , eat those wood chips , Mom . Could we please get back to the game ? Tennessee Avenue . I think with a house the rent is ... $ 60 . $ 70 . I only have $ 30 . I 'll give you the rest when I pass " Go . " If you take the garbage out before you go to bed , we 'll call it even . Deal . Wait , I 'm afraid there 's nothing ... in the rules about paying debts with garbage removal . It says right here : GEORGE : " If any player at any time is ... " SUSAN : George . What ? Taking the garbage out ... is worth more to me than $ 40 of play money . But I am the banker , and as such it is my responsibility to enforce the rules . Don 't have a hearts attack , I 'll mortgage Reading Railroad . That 's $ 100 , $ 40 for your mother , and $ 60 for you . There you are . GEORGE : Go ahead , Emily . Boardwalk . That 's $ 2,000 , with a red room . A red room ? I thought those were hotels . A red room . Kill him . SUSAN : George ? Maybe all that money 's driving Dad crazy . I 'm going to turn in . Come on , Em . Me , too . Buck , we 're not finished with the game , it 's ... We 're all broke , you own everything . I don 't own the utilities . I think that 's enough fun for one evening . Fine . No one wants to play , no one wants to play . Well , can you blame them , George ? Ever since that psychologist told you to redo your evaluation ... you 've been unbearable . I have not been unbearable . Maybe I have . Is something wrong ? No . Yes . I don 't know . I don 't know if something is wrong or if it 's me . Maybe my mind is just playing tricks . What kind of tricks ? Do we know a human named Marcus Byer ? I don 't think so . Why ? He was murdered yesterday . For some reason I can 't get his face out of my mind . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) MATT : Hey , Cathy ? Matt , what 's up ? Have you ever noticed that Detective Jeffries hanging around the lab before ? No , I don 't think so . Why ? Is there a problem ? No , it 's probably just my cop curiosity working OT again . I 'll see you . You forgot this . Yeah . That shrink at work 's been itching to get me on the couch . Boy , is she in for a big disappointment , huh ? Matt , you 're too modest . I was a little short of time , but I tried to be thorough . Question Number 6 was quite enlightening ... that you 'd rather be at home alone than at a party with your friends . That says a lot . You read this ? Well , of course , you ... Terrific . Next you 're going to be coming over reading my mail . If you didn 't want me to read it , then why did you leave it ? I didn 't leave it . I forgot it . I thought you wanted me to read it . I wanted your advice , not for you to invade my privacy . Matt , if you 're concerned about your privacy being invaded ... then I think we should talk about it . I 've got a shrink at work who wants to talk . I don 't need one at home . Humans . I thought we 'd never get out of there . ( SIGHS IN FRUSTRATION ) ( WOMAN GASPS ) This time it 's a Jane instead of a John , but we 've got another Doe . So , it looks like our boy ? Everything 's the same ... multiple gunshot wounds , no ID . Killed someplace else , then dumped here . Unspent gunpowder ? I 'd have to run some tests to be positive , but there looks like there 's traces of it . Especially under the fingernails . Like she was dragged ... through gunpowder ? I just tag them , you 're the detectives . Hey ! Matt ! Hey , man . My partner , he 's ... Want an up-close and personal ? MATT : I 'm telling you the guy who ran was Jeffries . I know it . You listening to me , George ? Yes , you were saying ... that this man might be tied to these murders . I don 't know if he 's got anything to do with this case ... or if he 's just checking me out . I 'm going to get to the butt end of this dog . SID 's got a tag on your second victim . It 's all here . MATT : Bingo ! Victim 's a 44-year-old . Physical therapist . Last name Russle , first name ... Amanda . What , you 're a mind reader now , too ? What 's the problem , George ? It 's nothing . You 've been acting like you 've been sucking sour cream . What 's going on ? I 'm not sure . Come on , you recognized the first victim , now you know the second one 's name ? You holding out on me ? I don 't think so . You don 't think so ? What the hell 's that supposed to mean ? DR. WRIGHT : Everything okay ? MATT : Yeah , fine . Detective Sikes , I want to thank you for turning in your profile . Yeah , well , I don 't want you to think I 'm crazy . Of course not , but I look forward to finding out for sure . I have time for an interview right now , any takers ? Well , thanks , but we 've got our own lunatic to strap down here . GEORGE : I would . I would like to talk now . Everything is confidential ? Absolutely . I fear I am suffering from the very anxieties ... you were brought here to expose . I 'm not here to expose , but to help . What anxieties are you feeling ? I 'm distracted and overbearing at home . Preoccupied and short at work ... and I , the control freak , am unsure as to why . How long has this been happening ? The last few days . It 's this case that I 'm on . The faces of the two victims , I can 't seem to get them out of my mind . I feel I know them . But I don 't know how . Dostoyevsky once said that every man deals with three kinds of truth : The kind he shares with his friends ... the kind he shares with himself ... and the kind he shields from his innermost soul . There are ways to see behind the shield . DESK CLERK : Thanks . Hey , George . Spots hardly look shrunk . How did it go ? She wanted me to try something , but I refused . Matthew , what do you know of hypnosis ? Watch the drumstick , George , you 're getting sleepy . I am serious . I saw it in a nightclub once . The Great Sebastian . Hypnotized a guy from Cedar Rapids . Every time a bell went off , he was squawking ... and waddling around like a chicken . Never did get him to lay that egg , though . He controlled this man 's mind ? Yeah . On the ship , the holy gas allowed the overseers to control our minds . But unlike your man in the nightclub , there was nothing funny about it . No . I will not let anyone control me again . Here , I want these and the rest on your desk processed ... before you leave . Sir , we have a double murder . Had a double murder . That case is closed . Closed ? You heard me . Just like that ? Look , I don 't like it , either . I have no choice . Nothing closes that easily . Drop it , Sikes . Grazer , Captain ! Who 's jerking your chain ? I guess I am . Well , if it isn 't Detective Jeffries . Sorry about impersonating a cop , but you caught me by surprise . And I get paid to think fast . I bet you do . What were you doing at the lab ? What the hell 's going on ? All right , can it . It 's out of our hands . Sorry . National Security matter . Need to know . National Security ? What are you ? CIA ? FBI ? NSA ? Doesn 't matter , George , I 've dealt with these guys ... and the ones that don 't talk are up to no good . This comes from way above , top floor . We 're out of it . Don 't worry , I 'll see that this matter does not leave this office . Are you saying you want us to forget about two murders ? Pretend they never happened ? That 's exactly what they 're saying . Uncle Sam 's up to some dirty games , and they want it all swept under the rug . It 's over , Sikes . Yeah , especially for the two people lying in the morgue . Look , I can understand your concern , but please ... you 're just going to have to trust that these murders will be fully investigated . I 'm not worried about the investigation . But I have a friend at the lab . And if anything happens to her ... I 'm coming after you personally . MATT : Let 's go . JEFFRIES : I am hopeful , Detective ... that you will honor our jurisdiction in this matter . I hear you loud and clear : Big Brother 's watching . Little boys in suits playing games while people die , and Grazer just rolls over . I don 't like it either , but it 's a Federal matter . I 'm sure they have their reasons . Yeah , Uncle Sam doesn 't want to get caught ... with his shorts around his ankles . There you are . I found something on our lady victim , knew you 'd want to see it . That won 't be necessary . We 've been ... What you got ? Our butcher boy left a calling card this time . Newcomer tissue . Thought you guys should know . Keep this under your hat ? Hell , I 'll keep it under my pillow . I 've got a date . Matt , we have been removed from the case . It 's closed . Yeah , maybe for the clowns upstairs , but not for me . What about you , George ? Don 't you want to know about those faces ... dancing around in your head ? Yes , of course I do . I 'm going to run an ID on this . No . Matt , I want to get to the bottom of this just as much as you do . But if your Big Brother is watching , and you go to SID ... we 'll not only be off the case , we 'll be off the force . There must be another way . This should tie us into the Newcomer tissue catalogue at the lab . Just be a second . Look , Cathy , about the profile tests . I 've been doing a lot of thinking , and I guess I sort of overreacted . It 's okay . Don 't worry about it . It 's just that I ... Rather be alone than go to a party with your friends ? Here it is . The tissue belongs to a Newcomer named ... GEORGE : Silas Marner . MATT : You know this guy , too ? GEORGE : Yes . We were in quarantine together . Camp 7 . It was a military facility they mothballed back in the early ' 90s . Not a pleasant place from what I 've heard . We both spent time in a hospital ward soon after the crash . We had the kumlekula . What ? Like pneumonia . ( COMPUTER BEEPING ) That 's strange . CATHY : Must be some kind of mistake . MATT : What ? Well , if this tissue belongs to your killer , then it 's ... the most bizarre thing I 've ever seen . GEORGE : These are the remains of those who died in quarantine . MATT : You guys packed them in like sardines . GEORGE : Matthew , it was not by choice these brethren were interned ... in empty oil drums , shoved in like so much garbage . Smells sweet . GEORGE : Glaheb , a preparation solution to aid the departed on their journey to Celine . ( MATT BLOWS ) Matt . GEORGE : Sawdust . There ain 't no Silas Marner in here , George . The record said that he died five years ago in quarantine . This doesn 't make sense . It makes perfect sense . Big Brother can make anybody they want look dead or alive . But why ? There 's only one person who can tell us that . You know the victims ' faces . You were at Camp 7 . It 's all inside your head , George . You 're the only one who can take us back . You 're fighting me , George . No one can take control of your mind . You will remain in complete control . Now , relax . Feel your breath go in and out . Feel your hearts beating . You are relaxed . Let the tension drain from your body . Let it flow from your spots to the tips of your toes ... out and down through the floor . Are you relaxed ? I want you to go back , George . Back to quarantine . Back to Camp 7 . Go back , George . Go back to when you were sick . We weren 't sick . We were made to appear that way to separate us . What do you see , George ? The red room . Who are you ? ( GRUNTING ) No , you are Dart Four . PETTIT : Doctor Byer , increase the hallucinogen . AMANDA : You are Dart Four . PETTIT : He has incredible strength . AMANDA : If we could only control their minds . AMANDA : You are Dart Four . PETTIT : You are Dart Three . AMANDA : Prepare your weapons . Take aim . PETTIT : Kill him ! AMANDA : We must control their minds . Who are you ? I am Silas . No , you are Dart Three . You are Dart Four . Say it ! I am Dart Four . AMANDA : Dart Four , come over to the target . AMANDA : Dart Four , can you see the target ? GEORGE : Yes . Fire . Fire ! AMANDA : Dart Four has an ethical imprint we can 't override . Dart Three , kill him . DR. WRIGHT : Who was in charge of this , George ? Who was trying to control you ? We found the one . And him ? PETTIT : Drug him . See that he remembers nothing . Place him back into the internment population . DR. WRIGHT : Who was it ? The man with the dark lens . MATT : Silas beat us to the party . Looks as though Pettit gave him quite a struggle . Let 's see what he was trying to take with him . George , data disks . MATT : Let 's see what 's on them . " DART : Defense Alien Research Training . " " Pettit , Amanda , Marcus . " They brainwashed and used you like guinea pigs ... to create some kind of super-assassin . Killing machines . It makes sense . You 're smarter , faster , stronger . No wonder Jeffries wanted to keep it quiet . Silas had successfully completed two assassinations ... before Big Brother scrapped the project . They kept him in a safe house ... for the last four years trying to figure out what to do with him . Like a caged animal waiting to break out . Yeah , well , that happened three nights ago when he blew in here ... and stole the files to figure out who did this to him . And now he 's destroying them . But why would he take his victims somewhere else to kill them ? To teach them a lesson . A lesson ? Matt , the gunpowder . Camp 7 was a military facility . The red room , an old munitions dump . He 's killing them where they killed him . It 's been a long night , George . If you 're not up to this ... It 's all right , Matthew . For me , this place is just a memory . But for Silas ... Dart Three , stop it now . Prepare your weapons . Take aim . Fire . No ! ( PETTIT SCREAMING ) His reflexes are excellent . We found the one . Kill him . Police ! Freeze ! Silas , no ! MATT : Drop it ! It 's George . From the camp . Look at me . GEORGE : Look at my face , you know me . PETTIT : My God . Shoot him . You are no longer giving the orders in this room . Put the gun down , Silas . George , he ain 't doing it , George . He 's a killer ! It is not his fault . He is not responsible . Who are you ? I am Dart Three . This guy 's been programmed for four years , George . You think you 're gonna just waltz into his mind now ? You are Silas Marner . Who are you ? I am Dart Three . No ! George , I 'm not gonna let this happen . Matthew ! GEORGE : Who are you ? Who are you ? Who are you ? You are Silas Marner . ( SILAS MOANS ) Gentlemen , let 's put the guns down . Let 's not get ugly . I 'm just here for my package . Get me out of here ! Sorry , Professor . You 're not on my shopping list . You know , we could 've used your taming powers for the last six months . Silas here has been a most erratic young man . But I 'm sure that 'll be taken care of now . You 're not gonna get away with this . Get away with what ? We will not let you kill your killing machine ... and pretend nothing happened . JEFFRIES : No one 's going to be killed . I 'm simply going to take Dart Three back where he belongs . No deal . What do you need this for ? Why don 't we all just walk away ? You guys just don 't get it , do you ? We 're just the rats in the maze . Somebody else decides who gets the cheese . You 're right . I don 't get it . What 's it gonna be ? Don 't look so surprised , Sikes . I get paid to mop up spills , not blood . Anyway , I promised the family I 'd take them to the movies . I 'm afraid that you are going to miss your movie . Forget it , George . What ? We 're going to just let him go ? It 's not worth our time . We pull him in , Big Brother will have him sprung in 20 minutes . We got what we need . JEFFRIES : Gentlemen . GEORGE : Jeffries . I want you to give Big Brother a message . You tell him that I will make sure ... the press finds out about the DART project . JEFFRIES : But will they print it ? WOMAN : Joe , your wife 's on Line 3 . DR. WRIGHT : Why does this psychological evaluation disturb you so ? What are you trying to hide from yourself ? What do you fear , Detective ? ( DISCO MUSIC PLAYING ) It 's easy to open . DR. WRIGHT : Why ? Why won 't you open that door ?
