 During the last 6 years , I 've spent a lot of time wandering as part of the California Coast . It 's tough knowing it 's all going to be under the ocean after the killer quakes of 2063 . My name is Jack Deth , I 'm a cop from the future , Trancer . And I didn 't know it yet but back up the line , my old supervisor McNulty was on his way to see me . McNulty is a professional pain in the ass but the council was stuck with him because like me , he had an ancestor in old California . That 's the only way to send someone consciousness back in time over the genetic bridge . I hadn 't learned about the TCL chamber yet . So this is the gizmo that can carry a person through time , huh ? Forward , but not backwards Captain McNulty . It 's still necessary to send a consciousness down the genetic line first . That 's why you 're here . Ah , wait a minute . You need the chamber in old California . We want you to go down the line with the tap back device . Commander Raines , I 'm up for retirement . You will only be gone 48 hours . Me again ? Back down the line in 1985 , you don 't know what it was like the last time waking up in the body of a 9-year-old girl . Look , we 're sending you back to 1991 . Your ancestor will be 15 now . And that 's supposed to make me feel better ? Guys are going to try and get in my pants . Raines , you got to get somebody else . We already tried McNulty special agent Alice Stillwell . Allice Stillwell . Jack Deth 's wife ? How can you send her back ? She was killed in the Trancer fight six and a half years ago ? We sent a technician back to the day before her death but something went wrong . She failed to tap back for the TCL chamber . It 's a Trancer job didn 't it ? I thought we 'd be finish with Trancers when we sent Whistler 6 years ago ? So did we , but the Trancer pool has been revived by the new Whistler . The new Whistler ? His brother . When did he get a brother ? Look , he 's gone back to old California . You 're going there to find agent Jack Deth and order him to return with Whistler in the TCL chamber . Why not the regular way using the serum ? He 's been gone too long . His body here in the present is calcified . His only way back to this world is in his new body in the TCL chamber . So he 'll do that or he 'll spend the rest of life in the past . Look , the tap back switch has been added to the long second watch , a technician will tell you everything you need to know while the serum takes effect . How do you feel about this Raines ? I means , it 's been a great 6 years with Jack out of my hair , no offense Jack , but I didn 't know you were that big of a fan of Jack 's after ... Well , you know , after ... After what McNulty ? I don 't want to get into , you know , who dropped who , but are you anxious to get him back ? Captain , we 're preparing for a Trancer war . Jack Deth has been offered a seat on the council . A council seat ? That 's a lifetime appointment . Well those are the orders . Look , neither your personal feelings nor mine matter . McNulty you got 48 hours to complete this mission . The exact time we can keep the chamber there before it boomerangs back . Two days , McNulty . Good luck . It 's been 6 years since the council sent me to protect Hap Ashby from Whistler . The Council President was a direct descendant of Hap 's . Kill Hap and no more Council President . When I found him , Hap was a fallen idol , he 'd been a Cy Young award-winning big league pitcher and he became a drunk who 's living on the streets . After we send Whistler , Hap got off the sauce and went into commodity speculation . He made a pile of money . He needs it to support his hobby , collecting fire trucks . Hey , hey , hey . Jack and Lena Deth back in town . I thought you guys would be gone another week ? Me too . I had a funny feeling Hap . No , no not Trancers again , come on Jack , it 's been 6 years man . Take a look at the new folder . I 've been having a strange feeling . A feeling you get when there are Trancers around . Somehow I knew they were back . Isn 't she bitchin ? That 's nice Hap . Lena ? I 'm going to get him to bed . Yeah , let 's have this chat again get real soon , okay Jack ? So Lena , you 're getting pretty good with that computer stuff , huh ? Oh , computers are easy . I could show you how to do this . No , I don 't think so . You know what today would be absolutely perfect for ? Yeah . That too but I was thinking of something else . Lena , I could be persuaded to do almost anything except to be dragged to the valley by some pencil-neck real estate agent . Jack , you promised . No , I didn 't , not today . We have the money . I want a home of our own . Honey , I have to stay here close to Hap . He can afford to hire bodyguards . You don 't have to do everything . Jack , this is an incredible house but I want our own place where we can raise a family when we 're ready . Wait a minute . I thought we were talking about houses ? I think we 're talking about a lot of things but I 'm not going to argue about this . I 'm going to start looking for houses today whether you come with me or not and if I find something I like , I may just surprise you . Lena , the day you don 't surprise me is the day I 'll be surprised . Maybe we could go and look at a couple of beach houses , huh ? What 's the matter ? That noise . What is it ? Oh , Hap said something about remodeling the garden . There you go , where is all your little helpers ? Helpers ? I don 't need any stinking helpers . Jesus Christ , Trancers . My God , what does it mean ? It means it 's a bad day to go shopping for a new house , Lena . Hey Jack ! Vacation is over Jack , time to get off your butt and go back to work . Hey Lena , nice robe . Hey McNulty , how have you been ? Wait a minute . This is McNulty ? Yeah , it 's McNutly all right . He always shows up after the action . After what action ? Damn , Whistler 's brother is moving faster than we expected . Whistler 's brother ? Yeah , the council sent another agent first , but something went wrong . She never activated the tap back device . Tap back device ? What the hell are you talking about McNulty ? We consider a lot more things down the line now Jack . It 's like the same box to me McNulty . Yeah but there 's something different inside . Remember the long second watch ? It saved our life a couple of times . It still stops time for 10 seconds ? Yeah , and there 's the tap back switch . It sends a signal to the future . A couple of hours later , TCL chamber materializes on that spot . Figure out where you want to put it before you activate it because ... Nice words , McNulty you activate it when you took it off the watch didn 't you ? Yeah , I guess I did . So that means the stuff they 're sending down the line is going to wind up in the middle of a god damn yard . Yeah , right in the middle of the god damn yard . We 've got to find something to cover it up with . How ' bout a caterer 's tent ? We 'll figure something out . Only a hook and ladder to put it up but , you know . We 'll only need it for two days . Wait a minute . You said that there was another Trancer they 're going to send down the line , is she anyone I know ? They didn 't tell me who Jack , they just said it was a she . Did you get it for me ? What if I did ? They 're not going to let you loonies wear no watch . Now , I thought you were smart enough to know I 'm not one of these loonies , to use your professional terminology . You may talk smarter than most of them but I 'm used to a lot of smart talk . I want my watch Rabbit get it for me . It 's locked up in Trotters desk . I 'm not going to break in her desk and lose my job . What was Alice talking to you about Rabbit ? I don 't listen to those nuts , it goes in this one , it comes at that one Ms. Trotter . There 's something wrong with Alice Stilwell . Of course there is . She was in the State Asylum before we got her . She is different from the others . Watch her carefully . Some of you have been in our care for six months . Over the next several days , I 'm going to evaluate your progress , to determine whether you 'll be invited to become a GreenWorld Activist or whether you 'll be returned back to the vermin-infested mental hospitals and the filthy street where you were dying . You 've come to GreenWorld because your body is like the planet , polluted with toxic chemicals , your mind is sick . You don 't know what to do . We 'll save you so you can help us save the planet . You belong in the GreenWorld . Sleep and listen to my voice and I 'll tell you what to do . The entire Earth is polluted . Soon , it 'll be too late . We must act now . We 'll save you so you can help us save the planet . You belong in the GreenWorld . Sleep and listen to my voice . Hi Rabbit . Hi Pearl . Are you sure no one is going to wake up and bust in here on us ? The pill they give them in this ward would knock out an elephant . And don 't you get too far ahead of me . B ward , Rabbit speaking . No Sir , yes Sir , no Sir . Okay , good night , good night . Pearl ? Pearl ? Pearl ? Rabbit , there is no excuse for this . I 'm warning you . I think I 'm going to be sick . Any second now , Jack . You 're not going to believe this device . It 's going to knock your eyes out . Something is going wrong . It 's the hatch cover off the TCL chamber . It 's a big shiny thing . A two seater with two personnel compartments , this is the door of one of them . Wow , this wider than Kentucky Bourbon . Yeah , that 's the new stuff , centillion , unbelievably expensive , Hap . Sorry . Well , the council is going to have my ass for this one . They can 't blame you if they sent the rest of it to the wrong place . Wait . The other agent that was sent here six months ago , maybe she activated the tap back switch , too . That makes sense . So the signals got crossed . The rest of the chamber got sent to wherever she was when she activated her tap back switch ? Jack ? Sounds true to me . For a guy from the future , you are the most anti-technology person I 've ever met . That 's a perfectly good theory . Listen Jack , the other Trancer hunter , we got to find her . She may be in trouble . She is a Trancer hunter . If she is in trouble , she 's screwed up and she 's on her own . The mission has to come first , you know that McNulty . Jack , she is your wife . Alice Stillwell is the other agent . Your wife ? You told me she was dead . What 's going on McNulty ? Well , a technician went back to the day before she died . Take her consciousness and send it down the line to tap back the TCL chamber and to rendezvous with you here . Alice alive again , in another body ? The council thought she didn 't make it , maybe she did . She probably knows where the rest of the TCL chamber is too . Excuse me . Are you the guy in charge here ? Yes sir , what can I do for you ? I got one of your trucks . Great , you 're a Police Officer , I take it . How 'd you guess ? Well , it figures I report that damn thing stolen two days ago . And the three guys with it , they work for you ? Oh no , we have the truck loaded to do a job the other day and these guys jumped out of nowhere . They clobbered Ramon , one of my boys , took the truck , the plant tools , everything . No they didn 't just jumped out of nowhere pal . Were they driving , on foot , or what ? Somebody must have seen something ? I was in the office , right , maybe Ramon did . You can ask him . Hey Ramon ! There 's a police officer . Tell him what you saw . All right , let 's have it . What can you remember about the guys who stole the truck ? I was just climbing at the truck , man . I didn 't see nothing before they hit me . Oh God . Don 't worry ladies , they 're biodegradable . Alice Stilwell , where is she ? I thought she was here . Find her . Section 12 is clear . No sign of them . What do you waiting for ? See if she 's inside the van . No ! GreenWorld Associate is quite an interesting organization , Jack . You got a line on them Lena ? Her finger is in all sorts of enterprises . Yeah , anything and everything that deals with ecology and the environment . Including a detox center . I found a Wall Street journal story about them . The director is one E.D. Wardo , seems very charismatic . He runs a rehab operation . They take people off the streets and out of mental hospitals and train them to work in the Ecology Movement , sell organic cookies that sort of thing . Dr. E.D. Wardo , as in Edward O. Whistler , brother of the late James E. You mean Dr. Wardo is Whistler 's brother ? , Man . Yeah , he thinks big doesn 't he ? Sounds like he 's creating a Trancer farm . You see , they 're just keep firing hospitals at me , man . Yeah , and we 're going to keep knocking them back , cap . I 'm going to help you check it out Jack ? Give me a break McNulty . Sending trancers is hard enough without dragging a teenage girl along . You seem to forget that inside this teenage girl 's body is a 42-year-old tough cop , Jack . Yeah , why you 're a girl McNulty ? Why not try and act like a lady ? Jack , be careful . I 'm just going to check the place out . I have funny feeling about this . Yeah , me too and I won 't get rid of it until I 've singed my last Trancer . Rabbit , where are you taking me ? What are they going to do to me ? Hell , lady , I don 't know . I guess you 're too much trouble . You 're not like the rest of them out here . Me ? Guess not . I 'm a professional . I 've been around mentally ill people all my life , I speak their language . Yes , I see that you do . This bunch of tree-huggers that took over this place , greeny-weenies that 's what I call them . They don 't impress me for shit when it comes to running a loony van . Why do they call you Rabbit ? Well , they tell me when I was a kid I like to jump in front of automobile headlights . That 's how I got out here , they committed me . But I ain 't crazy , anybody can see that . I 'm an orderly . How many crazy people do you know making 63 dollars a week ? Rabbit listen to me , I need your help . I 'm not crazy either , I just happen to have land in a body of someone who is . I 'm a special agent on a mission from the future . I know just how you feel . Rabbit , take her to the examining room . Dr. Wardo , the serious disciplinary problem . The one we spoke to you about ? She 's in the examination room . Help me please . I have to get out of here . Stop worrying , you 're going back to the asylum . This is one of the patients who didn 't make it out . She 's totally uncooperative . Completely unresponsive . I don 't think you want her with the others . You 're going to be expelled from the GreenWorld Community . Do you know what that means ? I hope it mean I don 't have to listen to you anymore . Shall we send her back to the asylum ? No , not the asylum . This is a special patient . She needs special care . I 'm going to transfer her to a place where I can give her all the care she needs . The clinic is close at the moment . You 're going to have to come back another time . Oh , I 'm sorry isn 't this visiting hours ? No , try again tomorrow . Help me please , I 'm on a mission . Okay , I see you fellas have your hands full with one of the loonies right now . I 'll come back at another time . This guy is up to something . What 's happening ? What 's happening to me ? Don 't worry about it , I 'll explain it later . Are you who I think you are ? Are you who I think you are ? Stillwell , Alice B. Welcome to Old California , Alice . I 'm you r husband , Jack Deth . Oh , my god , Jack it is you . The only man I ever had sex with . It wasn 't that bad . We can expect another visit from Jack Deth again . Only this time , this time I 'm going to be prepared . Convert all our patients into full-time activist . That many Trancers are going to be hard to manage . I 'll manage them . I prepare them well . We 're going ! Have you find everything you need there ? Yeah . Are you sure she 's not going to mind me borrowing these things ? Lena is that her name ? Yeah , Lena , I 'll tell you all about her later . That 's Whiskey sour as I recall , huh ? And why shouldn 't you Jack ? We 've only been apart for six months . Yeah , sit down . They didn 't tell you of anything about my situation before you came down here did they ? The technician was in a big hurry . What do you mean your situation ? Well Alice , things are a little weird . Tell me about it , we 're both in different bodies , hundreds of years in the past . Remember , we 're still Trancer hunters . Right , business first . Okay , I stashed two of the capsules , the stuff they 're feeding everyone at GreenWorld . Do you think we can get an analysis ? Yeah , McNulty used to be on the Nork Squad . How the hell did you wind up in Wardo 's Trancer farm ? My ancestor was a mental patient . The asylum was like a prison . I was drugged and in a stray jacket when the watch with tap back switch arrived . I only got my hands on it for the first time yesterday . So , Lena was right , you activated the tap back switch , what happened ? Well , the TCL chambers in the barn at GreenWorld , most of it were missing a hatch cover . Alice , I 've been down here a lot longer than you realize . Oh , how could that be ? We were together just a few hours before the technician arrived and sent me down . There 's something that you should know about . Oh , Jack wait . They sent you back after they sent me , didn 't they ? Yeah . So , then you know things that are going to happen , things that I don 't know are going to happen when I get back . Oh , Jack , don 't say anything more . We can 't change what 's going to happen even if we know it , can we ? No . Then let 's not talk about it , let 's just take what we 've got . Jack , you son of a bitch ! Lena , don 't fly of the handle , I can explain . Not to me , you can 't . She was wearing my clothes . She threw her arms around me before I could stop her . Oh , you look like you were trying to stop her all right from the inside out . Lena , she 's my wife . Don 't say that . My other wife . Her consciousness is in another body , she is a Trancer hunter too . You 're a bigamist . The council sent a technician down to just hours before she was killed and sent her down here . So , what am I suppose to do , just take a powder ? She 's only going to be here for a couple of more days then they 're going to send her back up the line when the TCL chamber boomerangs . Can 't you just let it slide until then ? I 've had to handle a lot being married to someone from the future Jack . But two wives ? Lena , what am I supposed to do ? She won 't be here long enough for a Mexican divorce even if I wanted too . Even if you wanted too ? Try and understand the situation Lena . This doesn 't change anything between you and me . You still love her , I can tell . I love you , but I 've got a job to do . Hap is falling apart , McNulty is the same jerk he 's always been , and Alice she 's been drugged so long she can 't barely remember the mission . I don 't need you flipping out on me . I 'll try . If I catch you kissing that teenager again I 'll kick your ass . Mr. Ashby . Hold it right there , pal . Don 't shoot , take the money . It 's in my back pocket . Hey Jack , this is my deli guy , man . My dell guy . All right , put that stuff in the bar , deli guy . Nice try Hap , go on scram . Sorry Mr. Ashby . Yeah , sure , thanks a lot . Put it on Hap 's tab . What the hell is wrong with you Hap ? You 've been of the sauce for five years . Why do you want to start up again , huh ? Here come on you know the council is going out of their way to keep you alive , so you can procreate . We 'll take care of the trancers , Hap , stop worrying . You know , what 's the use of me drawing out you guys , they 're going to get me any day now . Pull yourself together Ashby . This is it . This is it , Boot Hill man , Smoke City , the final shower . I can see it coming . Boy , but I 'll tell you something , I 'd love to play one more game of baseball before this thing is over , you know that ? I really ... it would have to be in Angel Stadium anything like that , but I 'd sure like to play nine more innings before the pukes turn me into a puzzle . That 's so much to want . Hey Jack , what 's with this ham ? It 's stuffed like a turkey . Jesus Christ ! Hap ! Hap what the hell are you doing ? They 're trying to get me . I could tell . We did it Jack , we squashed another one . Oh god , how I 'd like to make love to you right now . Jack , Jack . Jack , you son of a bitch ! Lena , don 't jump to conclusions . You 're the one doing all the jumping Jack . Why does she keep butting in on us ? Because I happen to be his wife . So am I. Ladies , please . You know what you better do , Jack ? You better decide which one of us you want to be your wife because I 'm not the sharing type . Yeah , neither am I. Good work Jack . I got them both managed . God damn it , McNulty . The next time someone hands you an exploding ham , I 'm going to pass the mustard . Lena listen , Lena . Lena , there 's something you don 't understand . Don 't tell me little children from the future are going to start popping up . I can 't take it , all right ? Do you remember when I told you that Alice only has 48 hours ? Oh great , so anytime you and she wanted to get it on , one of you just flies through time ? How would you feel if I took off for a week and run with one of my old biker boy friends ? She only has 48 hours period . Alice will be dead within a day after she goes back up the line . Dead ? How do you know ? They send her back from her past . She doesn 't have a future to go back to . They brought her here just to kill Trancers ? The council is using her like a robot . After she goes back up the line she 'll be murdered and there 's nothing anyone can do about it . Nothing . She doesn 't know ? All she knows is that we 've got 30 hours left to get Wardo and that TCL Chamber . Alice . What ? Wait . I don 't want to rattle your chain Lena but you and I have nothing in common . We have a husband in common that 's something . I don 't know why the council sent Jack back 7 years earlier than me and I don 't understand how you got in the picture . All I know is that we 're on a mission and we 're running out of time . That doesn 't change the fact that I 'm a very important part of Jack 's life . You 're in the way Lena . I wasn 't in the way 7 years ago when I helped Jack send Whistler . Alice do I look like someone who 's going to let another woman steal my husband ? Do I ? Well you 're in someone else 's body . I don 't know what you really look like . Jack never talked to you about me . He didn 't describe you in detail . Maybe you 're a terrific lady . It 's hard to imagine Jack 's spending 7 years with a bimbo but you 're messing with his mind Lena . And he needs everything he 's got to stop Wardo . So he doesn 't need me , he just needs you ? I 'm a Trancer hunter . And I know where the TCL chamber is , all you bring to the party is that for Jack to worry about . Besides when all of this is over Jack is going back up the line . That 's not true . I 'm sorry Lena but you should have known better than to get involve with a man from the future . Dear Jack , you and Alice need some time without me around , Lena . Hey , Lena is gone . I know Jack , I saw her driving away . I 'm sorry . Look , when you two are through with the soap opera , I got some news for you Jack . Hap is gone again . Gad damn it McNulty . Give me a break Jack . It 's hard to keep a thirsty alcoholic locked up after what he 's been through . All right , you stay here in case Lena comes back . Alice and I 'll hop in the Vette and look for Hap . You mean the Vette that used to be parked over there ? She stole my Vette ? Put them out on the streets , get everyone you have out there and keep them out there until the mission is complete . Sir some of these newer ones I 'm not certain if they 're ready . Whoever doesn 't perform , terminate them quietly where the others can 't see . Scurbosa , my beautiful herbs of the future . Grow , multiply , give me more bud . They 're dying . My Scurbosa plants are dying . No let me explain , let me explain . One of our orderly accidentally shutoff the nutrition system for that area , but the problem is corrected . An orderly ? Has it been taken cared off ? It 's going to make a good Trance . I need more . I need hundreds more . Get the activist out on the streets . I want fresh blood . Immediately . Jack you remember that time we went after Whistler near Chicago ? Since those two Trancers ? Yeah and shut out the entire metro transportation system . Sure I remember , Alice . We cause the blackout at the whole west side . Yeah , we spent the night in the mattress factory , engaging in some pretty serious product testing as I recall . Jack , over there . And that 's how they do it . It 's seems enough . You noticed a radio antenna on the van ? Yeah what about it ? If they 've got a two way radio somebody must be giving them instructions , right ? So ? So , we liberate the van look for Hap and find out what Wardo have too at the same time . That 's my Jack , he never miss a trick . I hate dogs , they give me rash . Quit complaining . Hey I 'm on a health care . I appreciate what you good people are doing to try to help the down and out , but wouldn 't you do a thing you ought to do it right . I mean this ain 't no way to serve a hot dog . What 's your problem , Bob ? For one thing when I eat a dog I want little mustard on it . Mustard ? No problem , right this way . Got any chili ? You got any relish to put on this ? Oh yeah , right in here . Thanks a lot , pal . That 's how they do it Alice . How do I look ? Not hungry enough to eat cold hot dogs but you 'll do . You ought to try something different this time , a minimum of violence . Jack , 20th century must be getting to you . You have no idea . Let 's get out of here . You give my buddy some mustard I want some too . Mustard ? Right this way sir . Hey ! Hey ! Help ! Get up , now . What 's the matter with him ? You know , there ain 't no in front of him ? God damn Stan , we stuck to fix and I have a ball game . Come on you shit head , play some baseball . Come on ! Come on ! Come on guys . Come on . All right . You want baseball ? Come on ! Come on ! Yes , yes ! We 've hit all the spots that Hap used to hang out . So what do we do now ? I don 't know . I 'm going to do some thinking . Jack I 'm confused about something . When all of this is over and I go back , you 'll be there won 't you ? I was there when you left , wasn 't I ? It 's also strange , you 're with me there and you 're with her here . You can 't worry about that now Alice . It 's the same between you and Lena ? The way it is with us ? Look we were together in another century . It 's not the same down the line . Why do you keep saying were like it 's over and finished ? I 'm just saying we can 't compare ourselves being in different bodies here and being together in the future . If you make love you could . Oh , Alice . Jack , remember the first time ? We 're tracking a gang of Trancers , we 're watching them from an unmarked car and all of a sudden we 're on the back seat . You 're serious aren 't you ? Why not ? At least she won 't . Don 't be too sure , Lena has got a way of showing up when you least expect her . Jack , we 're not doing anything wrong . I was your wife before she was . Marine control , this is unit 4 . Go ahead unit 4 . We spot a car near the old brick yard by the LA River . Stay with it , we 're sending reinforcements . Unit 4 , don 't touch the Vette , it 's wired to explode . Your car is wired with explosives ? No but if they think it is , they 'll keep their slimy hands off it . Yehey ! Don 't take damn crap , Hap ! Right in there , right in there . You got them bitch . Right in there , come on now , come on , come on . I was here first , I was here . The hell you want ? I slept on this pillow last night . No , I was ... I was here . I 'm here , I 'm here . Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! Which one of you guys is playing first base ? I 'm going first . Who got here first ? I was . I came first . I was here first . All right , you 're both first base . Guys , I 'll play some balls . Come on , let 's play . All right , you 're ready ? This way . Coming your way . Come on . Okay . I got it , I got it . Dirty Joe , will you get back over there please ? What are you doing ? Are you trying to steal home base ? Get back over there . You can 't run till you hit the ball . Yeah , you wonder out there , you probably get hit by a truck or something . All right , here we go . Dirty Joe ! Well , how many times do I get to tell you to get back ? I 'm going to pick you up , get over there ! Yeah , yeah . Bitch ! You bastards ! You can 't wait to let me finish the inning , could you ? Jack ! Ashby , over here ! Welcome to today 's edition of the Sadie Brady Show . Our guest is one of the most interesting and controversial leaders in the militant wing of the environmental movement . Dr. E.D. Wardo , Director of GreenWorld Mission . Controversial and militant come now Ms. Brady . Oh , you don 't agree with those terms ? GreenWorld Mission is interested in saving the planet . What 's so controversial about that ? Mental health patients , drug and alcohol abusers . These are the people that you recruit as your environmental activist , true or not true ? Our belief is that many problems are result of individuals feeling powerless and helpless in a dying planet . In our detox centers , we cleanse these individuals . We give them a new mission in life so they can help us cleanse and purify the planet . Your critic is saying that patients are routinely subjected to gross mistreatment . I 'm leading a holy war against polluters . The polluters will say anything to try and stop me . Okay , a former patient , Mark Viers claims , " I was beaten and drugged while there . " He also claims that your organization seeks to control the minds of its followers . How you do respond to that ? Only a paranoid schizophrenic could invent such a story . So you deny it ? Categorically . We 'll be back with Dr. Wardo and learn more about GreenWorld Mission after this word from our sponsor . Stay with us . Crush and burn . You 're on the squad for 10 years McNulty . What the hell do you think this stuff is ? For crying out loud , Jack , it 's Scurb 78 . What do you mean ? I 've taken everything , what the hell is Scurb 78 , man ? It 's a crack of 200 years from now . More addictive than heroine made from the pollen of designer plant patented in the year 2078 by a Professor Anthony Scurbosa . Yeah , but the question is , how did it get down the line to 1991 ? I mean he couldn 't have transported a supply of Scurb 78 through a time slot . No , but he could have transported some seeds . He 's probably growing that stuff . There is greenhouse at the center . Yeah , it 's all starting to figure now . The nursery , the greenhouses , Wardo has created a Trancer farm , all right . He gets these raw materials off the streets , out of the rehab centers . Feed them Scurb 78 for a couple of weeks and he owns them . He 's building a goddamn army , Jack . Take a GreenWorld button , lady . Your spare change can help save the planet . No , thank you . If you don 't help now , there might not be a tomorrow , lady . Thanks . A GreenWorld button ? Thank you for visiting with us Dr. Wardo . Hopefully in the future , we will all come to learn and understand more about GreenWorld Mission . And thank you Sadie . What 's the matter Hap ? You look like you swallowed a cat . We can 't stop this guy Wardo , man . He 's going to have 33 million Trancers after me Jack . Pull it together Hap . Yeah , sure . We can 't stop this guy man all they want is me , all right ? Yeah ? Oh , Lena . Hey , we could use your help over here . Lena , where are you ? I 'm at Union Station , I came down here because ... Look , this thing is gotten worse than we thought . Where are you ? I 'm at the pay phones near the cashier . But wait , two of those GreenWorld guys stop me . You 're in danger . Can you get back out from without being noticed ? Yeah . Wardo has got Trancers everywhere . They 'll be looking for you , too . Okay . Hey Hap , I thought you were going to stay of the sauce ? I 'm having a little bloody without the Mary , okay , McNulty ? You three get some rest . You 're going to need it , especially you . You got a plan Jack ? I 'm going in to get Wardo . How many new doses have you make ? This is our first batch . We 're just reaching the final stage . Jack Deth won 't be able to stop us now . Excuse me , have you seen this girl ? Yes sir , she was in here . She left about a half hour ago with a couple of those guys who are always hanging around . GreenWorld guys ? Yeah , I thought she was working with them . Come on fellows , I 'm on your side . Don 't do this to me . I 've seen what it does to them . It turns them into a zombie . Then they 'll get you on the pills . Once they get you on those , no , don 't , don 't do this to me . I don 't want to have my brain vacuumed . Your mind is sick . You don 't know what to do . We 'll save you . No , turn it off , don 't do this . You belong in the GreenWorld . They 've got Lena . Oh Jack , we 've got to do something . You know , the layout well enough to go in after her ? Yeah , but it won 't be easy . Get in . Hey Jack ! Jack ! Hey man , let 's go kick some ass , man . Let 's go see how many I can beat before they nail me . You 're all juiced up , Hap . You 're no good to me . Bullshit , man ! Sober up . I guess that means I 'm not coming along , huh ? Well , well , who do we have here ? You know damn well who I am or your thugs wouldn 't have kidnapped me . Kidnapped ? Oh , we don 't hold anyone against their will here at GreenWorld Mrs. Deth . Oh , really ? Well , I 'll just call a cab then if you don 't mind . Very funny . Well , that just might be the last joke you get to enjoy . Look you creep . By now , Jack has figured out what 's going on , he 's probably on his way here right now . Oh , I hope so . In fact , I 'm counting on it . What do you want us to do with her ? Put here through the advanced process . I want Jack Deth to see his wife become a Trancer before he dies . They 're taking her to the advanced treatment center . When you come out of there , you are a vegetable . We 've got to get her out . Jack , this place is like a fortress . We either go in and get Wardo or we save Lena . I love her , Alice . Follow me . We have an emergency care requirement . I 'm not going to take it . Turns you into one of them zombies . I 'm out of here . Stop them , don 't let them get away . If they do that again , shoot . They 've caught Alice Stilwell . Go , move , move , move , go , get on the hall ! Don 't try it man , I said don 't ! Open the goddamn door . Lena ! Nice shooting . Now let 's go ! That one , open ! Alice , you save my life . If you ever ... We 're not out of here yet . I think we can make it to the barn . I 'll cover for you , now ! There it is Jack , your ticket back home . Why ? It 's the other part of the mission , you 're supposed to go back in the TCL chamber with Wardo , the council has got big plans for you . Jack , you 're not going back ? No one is going anywhere as long as Wardo is outside ! Can you hear me Jack Deth ? We 'll kill you then we 're going to find Hap Ashby and kill him too . I 'm staying in Old California Jack , I like this body . It soothes me better than the one I had up the line , don 't you agree ? Can you hear me Jack or are you already dead ? Good , good , good , good you 're still alive , going to be fun watching you burn to death . Save a bullet for yourselves . There 's got to be another way out of here . No , they 'll cut us down the minute we run . Jack , what if we 're not running ? Cover me ! What are we doing ? We 're busting out of here . Jack , the TCL is about to boomerang back , we have to go now . How much time is there McNulty ? Less than three minutes so we got to hurry . Jack , please don 't go . Jack , come on . Hurry up Jack I got to take this serum and get back before you decide to explain everything . No , can do McNulty . But you don 't understand Jack , your body is ossified . Your only way back is in the body you 're in now . I 'm not going back McNulty . What ? And give up the seat on the council ? Do you know what that means ? It 's like being king of the universe . You stay here , you 're just a Trancer hunter with no way home . Lena is my home . Besides , there 's only room for one person in the chamber . There 's no good to take Wardo back , memory scans don 't work on dead people Jack . I 'm not talking about Wardo , Alice . Hurry up Jack you got less than two minutes . You can 't go back up the line on the serum . Something terrible is going to happen to you the day after you get back . What are you talking about Jack ? They went back in your past to send you down here . You 'll be killed the day after you go back up the line . How do you know ? You died in my arms , Alice . But if you go back in this body , you have a new reality . Your life will begin there , in the future . But Jack , we won 't be together . At least you won 't die in my arms . Get in Alice , come on , get in . The new Alice Stilwell is going forward in time . But I still remember everything . You bet . That 's all we have anyway Alice , so long . You made it back again . Thank you Jack . Thank you for everything . Where is Jack ? Why didn 't he return ? Well , to tell you the truth commander . I think he 's found a new home . It 's a nice place , glad they could afford it . What the ... What did you say Mr. Deth does for a living ? Him ? Fortune teller , yes sir , real life fortune teller .
