 AGE UNKNOWN Geriatric Clinic . Dr Wall 's office . This is Dr Kurt Retke . Haven 't you told Dr Wall ... Yes , I told him you needed to speak to him urgently , but ... " Genesis " is to be found ... - You must realise he 's a very busy man . - Tell him " Genesis " is to be found . It 's of the utmost importance . For him , also . I 'll do what I can . Hold on , and I 'll see if I can find him . You 'll also be old men and women some day . Your skin will get wrinkled your hair will thin , and your teeth will fall out . Yes ... you too . No matter who you are , or how rich , you can 't buy a longer life . You see , we have a biological clock . If we look after ourselves , it 'll tick for 70 or 80 years or so , before it stops . Some bits of us don 't last as long . When that happens , old age can be pretty miserable . Those of us engaged in age research are trying to find a way to get all the bits to last as long as each other . Doctor , what does the biological clock look like ? Good question ... If I could answer it , I 'd win the Nobel Prize .. You 've heard of that , haven 't you ? ! Wednesday ! Wednesday ... What day comes after Wednesday ? After Wednesday ? Wednesday ... That 's fine . We 'll continue with THA . She does seem better doesn 't she Doctor ? Yes , but we can 't hope for any dramatic improvement . The medication dilates the blood vessels to increase flow of blood to the brain . But we can not turn the clock back , unfortunately . It 's that Retke on the phone again . What does he want ? Give him my regards and tell him to go to blazes . Is there any chance she 'll recognise me again ? Wednesday . She 's only been on it for 6 weeks . They 're going to cut our project funding next year . Guess who served up that tasty bit of information to me ? Results are starting to happen ... What are they demanding ? Quick results ! Action ! - It 's Retke again . - Pull out the plug . Pull out the goddamn plug ! I 'm sorry , Mia . Forgive me . Do you know him well ? Hansson ? His only chance is for his colleagues to fail . I was referring to Retke . We had a project together ages ago . He 's a prying busybody . What the hell do we cut back on ? Should I tell her husband out there that we can 't afford to bother about her ? ! A cut would be a hell of a mistake ... No , make that a serious mistake . The THA project must looked at in the long-term perspective ... . no ... The THA project could eventually mean significant savings in care for the elderly . To demand immediate progress is the same as to ask that we instantly turn up man 's biological clock . Certainly there perhaps ... and control the aging process . ... like other genes control specific bits in human development . But to find it among the 98,000 unexplored genes could take 50 years , or 10 years , or maybe it 's never found . - Peter Wall . Hallo ? - Help me , Peter ... - Who 's that ? - Kurt . Kurt Retke . I 've found " Genesis " . You have to come . I 'm dying . You 're not Kurt Retke ! Yes ... and no . Dahlberg , deputy head of the clinic . Dr Retke regrets that he ... It 's not completely ideal for a health center but our clients tend to see the humour in it . Follow me . - Welcome . - Thank you . - Don 't your staff know what 's happening ? - They know what they need to know . Is that the new PET camera ? - Congratulations ! Who pays for all this ? - You 'll have to ask Retke . It 's a lot of money . They are 200 years old . Some reach 250 . Why shouldn 't we be able to do that ? The idea itself is so absurdly simple . It surprises me that no one else has thought of it . Where in the brain is it produced ? The pineal gland . Behind the center of the circadian rhythm . When did you start taking it . Four years ago . My co-workers a half years later . And your clients ? Two and a half years ago . When and how did you notice the changes ? Marianne heard that my voice sounded different . Then I had violent convulsions when the muscles began to tighten . You need to find something , Peter ! But up till then it was working for three and a half years . Look for yourself at the photograph on the desk behind you . That was taken just a week before . I was feeling great . My cell samples showed that I 'd barely aged in three years . Nor had Marianne . Three and a half years of slow-down ? And then stop ? And then suddenly ... How do you feel , Marianne ? Up till now , I haven 't felt anything . It 's as normal ... Borelius . Same with me . I need to see you . Nobody sees me like this , except Marianne and my doctor . They take all the tests you need . From Kurt 's right foot . Up above ... From a normal 50 year old . From a 10 year old ... And now down below ... The one from Kurt 's left foot , too . What are the extremes ? 9 years right calf muscle . 45 years head and the left side of the torso . The brain ? He loses words , memories , knowledge . That 's why he wanted to have you here . How old is he now ... on average ? You can see ... The values fluctuate every hour at different speeds . Produce an approximate figure . It 'll be quickly out of date . Just give me the result for 1 o 'clock ! Borelius is very close to Kurt . Be careful they don 't see you ! How often will they get ... GDF - Geron Delay Factor . Twice a year , 3 weeks at a time . The chief of the air-force was our first client . Air-force chief ? What are the others ? Christina Lind ... singer ... Car-company director ... Central bank , etc etc ... How much do they pay you ? You 'd recognise Jonas Brandell . The actor . If they disappeared it would not go unnoticed . What about Kurt ? Isn 't he missed ? He 's thought to be in the States . Can you try and put me through quickly ... It 's very important . Hallo , is that Mia ? Hi , it 's Peter . I 've come down with a terrible cold . You 'll have to cancel my appointments . Nothing serious . I 'll let you know later . How could you go along with this ? How much have you seen ? Enough to ask that question . Has there been a bigger discovery than GDF ? Put him on display ... Let 's see what the world might think . One thing is for sure ... His discovery of the biological clock can 't be taken from him . - " Genesis " was Johansen 's hypothesis . - He never found it . Would Kurt have done it without access to Johansen 's material ? It was like always ... I didn 't find a single valuable note among his papers . You had your chance . I 've learned that a man should have time to die before taking his inheritance . Johansen was dead as a scientist . He didn 't understand his results . Like Kurt now ? Suddenly , I 'm Kurt 's only chance . Ironic , eh ? Who else would have the time to analyse the material in time ? You get full credit for the discovery of " Genesis " . That 's not what worries me . I 'm starting to realise this isn 't a nightmare but it is happening now . And suddenly you 've loaded all the responsibility onto me . You can go to hell ! GO TO HELL ! As I see it , Prof. Johansen 's hypothesis ... " Genesis " would appear to be the pointer that turns on the switches to the other genes ... The supply of GDF would get the clock to slow down and stop . And begin to go backwards . But how ? And why ? There 's not a thing in Dr Retke 's research results , on that subject . Is GDF braking system ? Or a starter motor ? Starter motor to a reversing process that will enable man to regress ? The fact is that Kurt got going with all this without knowing anything at all . Some vague modeling outlines and a few worthless viral experiments . His laboratory is this clinic What are we to do ? We 're at your disposal . The first step must be to chart GDF 's ... route to " Genesis " . Who 's best with the PET camera ? Do we really have time to start from the beginning ? What did you come with Retke 's age as being ? I can only report the computer 's answer . Is that good enough ? Retke , Kurt . Age unknown . Should we get a rabbit instead ? It makes no difference , really . How is he ? He needs to go into intensive care . Are you going to look at this or not ? Kurt could very well be dead before get started . It 's essential I see him . You have all the cell tests . If you 're lacking anything , just say so . I 'm lacking the whole picture ! What does it matter if I see him when he 's unconscious ? I promised him I 'd never expose him to public view . I 'm not the public ! You 're the last person he 'd want to be seen by . Maybe if you DID something to him . Like inject him with saline solution or cortisone or something . It doesn 't matter what we do ... Just so long as we appear to be doing something ! Ladies ... You 're coming to the party tonight , aren 't you ? Borelius and Marianne are continuing along your line . They 're looking at the pictures now . This is health food , but it 's actually quite edible . Thanks . Borelius is an accomplished practitioner wishing that he was a theorist . He has seen himself as Retke 's legitimate crown prince . One other thing ... We 're invited to the clients Easter soiree at 7 this evening . So now let life begin ... Today 's the day that yesterday was a dream ... Now we are born ... I and you , cock a doodle doo ! Now comes the time when it is ours , it 's ours , it 's ours . Throw away your old shell ... Let the light shine in your new attire Listen how the rooster crows ... Everyone 's curious about the new dietician ... Relax ... smile ! This is all quite insane ! On the contrary , our being here makes it normal . Now .. we drink of life 's sap ... Now ... we burn with love 's desire ... We 're not concerned about the passage of time ... Our time and place are here and now ... My body is mine , and you may take everything you can ... You may ! You may ! We 'll tell you when we 've something to show you . After all , Kurt DID ask him to come . I wondered where you 'd got to ... You left just as the fun was starting . I left after the climax of the evening . Shall we dance ? I really should be ... Or do you have some exciting diet-charts waiting ? Nice tux ... I love it when a guy can fill out his clothes . Tonight , it 's the same for everyone , right ? Doctor Wall ... If I may intrude , Mrs Lind . I 've been looking for you . What conclusions do you come to ? We 're just the labourers . Missing something ? I can 't understand how that can disappear here be gone without a trace the whole way , till it pops up in there . Does it matter ? GDF seems to work on " Genesis " directly . It 's something ... but is it GDF ? How far has Dahlberg got ? Most indicate that GDF acts indirectly on " Genesis " . indirectly ? It can be indirectly-indirectly , in 3 stages . It deactivates a repressor on an operator on a repressor of the gene . Did you come up with anything ? You didn 't forget to mark it ? FORGET to mark ? ! And that 's indirectly ? Why do you have be so aggressive ? ! Do you think we 're going to have time ? Who knows how much time we 've got ? Has he got worse ? One hour awake , one hour unconscious . Is that better or worse ? You were the one who said ... This doesn 't happen in reality ! Help ! The sleeping quarters are that way , General ! Wall . Dr Wall . We met at the party . Nice to see you , but it 's over . What the devil ... ? ! He 'll soon be on his feet again . See that you get some sleep yourself . Just a little " overheating " . It can get lively here . The sexual side-effects are strongest after an injection . Which injection ? I thought we 'd mentioned that . How the hell can you continue with GDF ? ! There would have been incredible consternation if we 'd stopped . We have to do everything to avoid panic amongst the guests . You should have been better informed . We have a proposal . Where 's Marianne ? Back in the lab . We can talk more freely without her . Neither I nor Borelius are any sort of genius . We are craftsmen . Chemical engineers . But Retke built us up . It feels like we 've got to be part of building a cathedral . Never of course reaching his heights . A well-organised parking area . But now we 're stuck with a half-built cathedral . We can 't continue building because the architect is in the way . What 's the most valuable for people in the future ? Is it Kurt Retke or his life 's work ? To be perfectly blunt ... If we don 't set about stopping the process and instead studied the course plotted by Retke , all the way through so we 'd get experience and material , enough to complete the cathedral . In which case both I and Borelius would be happy if you supervised the work . Correct , Borelius ? Peter ... It may have been from contaminants in one series . Peter ... Is it possible to have Kurt in a state where I can speak with him ? Alone . Do you remember when we got them ? We speculated if Professor Johansen ... . ... had got a quantity discount . Do you still have yours ? I can 't manage it . I 've really tried , but it 's too big . It 's nothing less than a labyrinth . It could take months years , to make any real progress . Two things we can rescue out of the soup . One is the reputation of age-research ... the very future of research in general . The other is your name . I want to make a deal with you . You instruct Marianne to destroy the stock of GDF . ... together with all research materials , results , data bases , archives ... Then this clinic is closed down as quietly as possible . I return , I am responsible for giving your employees and clients the isolated care they are going to need . As a longstanding colleague , I publish a posthumous appreciation in all the major journals after your passing . You yourself can dictate it .. This is the only viable decision , Kurt . They live for 200 years . Why shouldn 't we be able to do that ? I 'm sorry , Kurt . I truly am ... If you abandon me and the others you 'll be abandoning yourself . I counted on getting a reaction like this from you . The food and drink that you 've had here is full of concentrated GDF equivalent to 2 years dosage . Do you still consider that the only humanly viable decision is to destroy all the research material ? Peter Wall is senior doctor at a long-term geriatric care facility . Following a distress call from a rival he travels to his health center . There , Kurt Retke conducted human trials with an unknown retarding substance , GDF extracted from sea turtle brains A group of wealthy people have bought a place in the secret trials . Retke , his wife Marianne and co-workers have also taken GDF . Now GDF had changed Rekte 's body in different directions . Seriously ill , he keeps hidden from all but those closest . The computer summarizes his cell samples ... " age unknown " . Then Retke 's idea is based on a joint research project Peter is the one best equipped to prevent a biological disaster Against his will , he is suddenly responsible for the whole situation . With Retke 's employees , he searches in vain through old test reports . A strangely feverish Spring Festival , and a collapse of one of the clients reveals that management is still giving GDF , to not create unrest . When Peter angrily protests , he gets a surprising suggestion : If Retke is used as an object of study the chances of success are increased . Peter tries to make a deal with Retke He tells Retke he has to close down the whole project and the clinic .. Retke reveals that Peter has been fed concentrated GDF . Now .. we drink of life 's sap ... Now we burn with love 's desire ... We 're not concerned about the passage of time ... Our time and place are here and now ... My body is mine , and you may take everything you can ... You may ! You may ! Can we have a talk in your room ? I 'm sorry , but I 've a bit ... What the hell do you think you 're doing ? We very sorry about that . Sit down . Try and look at this from our perspective . You draw up a plan that affects us all without even discussing it with us . You were asleep . Haven 't you got the list ? Francois Monet , Max Hoffman , Barbara Henynes , Jim Williams och Fred Hill . " Genesis " is OUR discovery . GDF is OUR substance . We are heading for a breakthrough unprecedented in the history of science . And are you going to serve it to our competitors on a tray ? . If you knew where you were going , I would never have been called here . Do you have any complaints , refer them to your project leader . Have you talked with Retke about this ? It 's a joint decision . All those invited have accepted , and will be here within 24 hours . My own notes are just as incomprehensible to me as a Chinese crossword puzzle . But your English is still perfect . I learned my English when I was 14 . Mentally , I haven 't regressed that far yet . And the rest ? What would you estimate your age to be at the moment ? Cell analysis has shown my age to be unknown . When I look at myself , I can only concur with that . All the responsibility has been assumed by Dr Peter Wall . His decisions are my decisions . It is now 11pm ... How soon do you think we can start ? I 'm thinking mainly of Professor Hill , who 's had quite a long journey No sweat ! I slept between Iceland and Copenhagen . So , let 's get down to brass tacks here ... If the rest of you don 't mind , OK ? We 've got a shark in the pool . But if I understand you correctly ... we don 't know if he got in there by himself ... or if some pool-attendant let it in . Or maybe someone slipped the pool-attendant a bribe and he forgot to lock up one night Or maybe he 's been there all the time sleeping quietly , till someone roused him . With all due respect for the dramatic effect of your metaphor I believe that it will soon reveal its inadequacy . With your permission , I suggest that we use instead ... .. the likeness developed by my predecessor at Louis Pasteur Jacob Amonil They simply said the cell is a factory . Now that , gentlemen is a precisely logical metaphor If I correctly interpret Dr Wall 's description of the situation ... This factory 's electrical system is overloaded . Certain processes have been shut down ... Others are veering out of control . And the reason is , this substance , GDF has directly or indirectly managed to open the locked cabinet at the heart of the power system ... and has turned on the switch the repressor that controls " Genesis " . Ma 'am , you said your husband was 51 years old . 50 . After 50 years and 9 months ever since Genesis fell sleep after starting the division of the tiny egg cells that create Kurt Retke . " Genesis " certainly wakes up again . On awakening , " Genesis " starts producing earlier model cells . To do this , Genesis must steal raw materials and manpower from other sections of the factory . Then the entire system collapses . Now it 's easy to visualise our first questions . 1 . Is GDF the finger that turns the switch on ? 2 . Or is GDF the key that opens the cabinet where the switch is found ? or 3 , is GDF the hand that found the key that opened the cabinet ? Or 4 , is the shark going to gobble up everything in the pool while we stand here jabbering about how he got in ? When did you last sleep in a bed ? You 're not going to last long if you abuse yourself like this . Pure coffee , I swear . If I 'd known about your food being spiked , I would have stopped it . Is it just fear making you stay ? Stay ? I 'm on my way from here all the time . Aren 't you ? When he came up with his international contacts ... became the odds a little different . How did my briefing last night ? It was a nice clash of wills when you laid out your strategy . At the start , I saw no faces , just a lot of shiny Nobel Prizes . How is it with your group then ? Try and get some rest . I 'll let you know if there is anything to report . " Art thou some god , some angel or some devil , that mak 'st my blood cold ? " " And my hair to stare ? Speak to me what thou art . " " Julius Caesar " , Act 4 , scene 3 . A remarkable man , Shakespeare . Everything we feel today , he felt 400 years ago . Everything ... And he found the exact words . You 're imagining things . I had breakfast with the clients . They were cheerful as usual . All activities in full swing . It was as if he sent a test signal to try me . Are all the doors definitely locked ? Can any of the staff have leaked ? They 're not so unique . Ribosomer ? . Monsieur Monetvill is using parallel methods . He is a very ... thorough gentleman . Regarding the test signal , we have a problem . TV wants to interview the Air Force chief . He 's very keen to do it . He 's behaving normally , but somethings are out of balance . It 's like Retke 's strange movements . They 're quiet at the moment . How would it work ? How do you judge the risks ? Let him go ... Or force him to stay ? If we do nothing then we 'll be dismantling our defense industries to a great extent . A decision must be made . It can 't be allowed to happen . And one must have the right background to make that decision . Is making a quick , but hasty decision , better than waiting ? What this is really all about ... I really must say .. ... is what freedom of action do we really have ? As for military air forces ' significance ... It seems to be running over time ? It was extended 15 minutes . I 'll look at it downstairs . I found the electron microscope . I think we 've got him on the hook . You sure ? Yeah , he 's showing his fin . Can you blow it up a little more ? We 've found minute particles of the signal substance in Retke 's cells . A protein . We 've found some of the same specimens in the air force chief of staff . Is it a primary product ? Genesis ? Well , it 's too early to say , but ... Yes ? Something 's happened , hasn 't it ? Something unexpected . Temporary aurical fibrillation . Nothing to worry about . Regarding the cramps ... You might have been running too hard . Is it the GDF ? An actor 's best instruments are well-developed antennae . I seldom know what 's going on but I can feel when something unexpected happens . Isn 't that why you came here ? You and those foreigners ? We 've seen signs of some side-effects . We 're working on an analysis . I can 't tell you more at the moment . " Here 's a maze trod indeed . " " Here is more than Mother Earth brought forth " " Some oracle must give the key . " " My dear King , do not bother your head by searching in these dim objects . " ' " At the opportune time , will all become clear . " " Till then stay calm and see everything for the best . " " The Tempest " . Shakespeare 1610 . It is a hasty decision . Why risk everything ? There 's something in what he says . Go in and say something they can believe ! The Air Force chief , the actor ... They aren 't idiots in there ! He 's over the attack . But the circumstances ... The ... situation that we ... I give the floor to Dr Peter Wall , our new head of the clinic . Kicki ! Maybe ... maybe not . But we gonna jump Ike grasshoppers between different ideas . This signal substance isn 't just an idea . It 's shown us a correlation between Retke the chief of staff and that Shakespeare guy . We 're talking about cold facts here . Nothing is cold facts when you 're trying to discover something . It 's first afterwards that ideas become cold facts . Kicki ! Where are you ? Why are you doing this ? It 's never been this quiet ... Can they all be sleep ? Sleeping , reading ... Smoking ... drinking ... Crying ... hoping ... praying ... how would I know ? Shouldn 't we lock the outer doors ... To be safe ? We 're their only hope . It 's locked up enough . 6.30 then . Good night or good morning or good day , whatever it is . Can I sleep in your room ? What the hell ... ? Peter ! This was in her car . You look out the back , and you come with me . Dr Wall ! Christina , you don 't have a chance if you head off ! We 're the only ones who can help you . You 're going to die . You can only get help here . What can YOU do ? We 're going to stop it ! - Do you really believe that ? - Yes ! Then you 're more stupid than I thought . We 've made progress . You know nothing . Not a goddamned thing . You people said you made the stuff ... You said it was safe ! How could you have deceived us like this ? I wasn 't part ... Kicki ! Good morning ! Welcome back ! I thought I 'd got into a nightmare . You 're usually never locked , are you ? Come in and I 'll explain . - Congratulations on the TV interview . - You saw it ? Yes , I thought it went quite well myself . What are the first signs ? We don 't know yet . The important thing now is to stay calm . Sorry , it 's already 6.38 , Peter . Didn 't you sleep last night either ? Anybody there ? When did I become part of this ? When I took over as head of the clinic ? When I answered the phone , back home ? Or 25 years ago , when I decided to start researching ? Alright ... It 'll turn red in just 15 seconds . 14 ... 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Now ! If it 's a few degrees too cold , it may take a few more seconds . Damn it ! I would 've bet a million bucks on it . I 'm sorry . It was worth a try ... It might not have been your shark . But the signal substance is an important discovery . Maybe there IS a shark , after all . But not THE shark . Rather ... One of many sharks . Perhaps hundreds . A cascade effect . Splash ! And our signal substance could be one of them . This one perhaps . Or this one , or even ... The shark in the 2nd , 3rd , or even 4th generation ... .. would be in no direct contact with the DNA . Therefore it would leave no trace in our test-tubes . Damnation ! I apologize , but I 've been banging on the door for ages . Listen ... It 's obvious that the Hill 's test was a disappointment for all of us . But they 've just started anew ! All believe in Hoffman 's hypothesis . We 're going about it the wrong way ! Why didn 't you say anything to them , then ? Because I don 't have anything else to suggest ! Shall I say to 5 of the world 's foremost researchers that I have a strong feeling that they 're complicating everything ? That there must be another way . And how do I know ? I feel it ! It goes forward slowly , one step at a time . How are they going ? He 's been very worried . That 's his own idea ! [ " In the leading role Jonas Brandell " ] Dr Retke wakes up now and then , but he 's out to it most of the time . The readings are well , what 's abnormal ? Forgive me , but ... I really should know , but what 's your name ? Katarina . Well , Katarina ... It 's only you and Marianne and his doctor who have handled him and seen all of his ... Right ? You 're so young , yet he shows such confidence in you . Like a father in his daughter . I know you have reason to dislike my father . But I don 't believe any scientist has sacrificed as much as he has . He has always said he works hard to give everyone a gift . The greatest gift of all ... If you suddenly got the chance ... would you say " no " ? Aren 't you afraid of the consequences ? I 'm worried for my boy . Have you also taken GDF ? Even after you became pregnant ? What month are you in ? The 14th . PMA ! A distress call from a rival takes Dr Wall to Retke 's clinic . There , Kurt Retke is experimenting with an age-retarding drug - GDF extracted from sea turtle brains . But GDF has sent the ageing process out of control in Retke and his clients . The computers summarize cell tests as ' " age unknown " . It is an old joint project so only Peter can track the error - and prevent a biological disaster . Reluctantly , he takes over responsibility . He searches in vain through old protocols and new detection methods . When Peter makes it clear the project can 't be saved ... Retke has Peter unwittingly take doses of concentrated GDF . Peter gets help from some leading researchers . When several of the clients fall ill the laboratory search intensifies . Different methods are tried and rejected . Contradictions arise amongst the scientists and Peter must act diplomatically . During the work , he feels that they are attacking the problem in the wrong way . He could not pinpoint the error until the TV shows a braking drag racer . It suggests the crucial answer to the puzzle - P-M-A . They 're completely different values now ... related to heart rate and blood pressure . - Marianne awake ? - No , but she 's restless . I 'll look in on her . Don 't wake her on our account . How long can you do without her ? Until tomorrow . Is the curtain coming down ? How long do I have for my curtain call ? For God 's sake . How long do they take to eat breakfast in Australia ? Perhaps the Russians ? Try Redgrave again ... Woods Hole Massachussets . You find anything ? No . We have not . Nor have the PMA group . That is why I want to talk to you . I have a colleague in Heidelberg . There 's contact outside the official channels . It 's possible to have a PMA brain sent over within 18 hours . The price and the telephone number ... . ... are here . There 's only one condition . If you choose this alternative remember the suggestion did not come from me . To think of it makes me feel sick in my stomach . It 's a bit crowded in here I 'm afraid , but ... Where 's Mum ? I forgot to wake her . I 'll tell her . I 'll wake her myself . Or I can ... Why don 't you do anything ? Why are you just standing there ? You promised she 'd live 10 more years ! What are you people doing down there ? ! What are we waiting for ? No ! No ! Not even Shakespeare 's enough anymore . The question is ... " To be or not to be ... " Or to be something else . We 're done . I tried GDF because I thought death was the worst thing that could happen . I was terrified of decaying into a rotting , smelly old wreck . Every wrinkle filled me with anxiety . I 'd pull out a Grey hair as if it were a poisoned dart . And now ... Now I 'd give a king 's ransom for a wrinkle or a Grey hair ... To age quietly day by day . PMA ... 3 letters . Just like GDF . Maybe that 's a good omen . All my life I 've done the things that scared me the least . Now I don 't know if it 's to die or to live as a like a ... I 've seen him . At night . The watch left the door ajar . They thought I was asleep . I sat up and saw him in there . He saw me and tried to hide , but he couldn 't . He looked straight at me . Then I realised he was crying ... Quietly . In total silence . His sheet had slid down ... I wanted to help him but couldn 't . Hey ... just look at that ! Look ! . I think we have a full house tonight . This 'll have to decide it . I 've never held back on stage . You alright Mr Hoffman ? Is there a toilet here ? Is the dosage right ? If you give him too much , will he need more GDF , to rebalance ? Then some of the new ... then GDF . Where do you finish ? What 'll be left of him ? What is she saying ? She doesn 't believe in it ... 100 percent . My husband was criticised for using GDF too early . He tested it for 2 years . Now you 're injecting a new preparation without knowing how it works . Do whatever you want ... But not with my husband . I realise this all a bit sudden . I should 've woken you . You wanted me to sleep as long as possible . Do you think I ... How do you differ from Kurt ? Mrs Retke ... PMA has its risks , of course . But a great advantage might be gained . Sure . But for who ? - Thank you very much for coming . - My pleasure , Peter . I 've been tailing that damned shark since Day 1 . If I can find the right bait , I 'll get a bead on the little sucker . - I 'll be in touch . - Sure . Sorry , Barbara . At 8 o 'clock tomorrow morning , Jim and I will be at work on it . As soon as we 've ... I don 't think I 'll be able to wait till 8 o 'clock tomorrow morning . Goodbye , James . Wohin soll es nun gehn ? ... Wohin es Dir gefällt . Wir sehn die kleine , dann die grosse Welt . When Shakespeare 's no longer adequate , there 's always Goethe . What are you waiting for ? What can the health department do ? Collect the corpses . Your hypothesis is brilliant . There 's enough PMA left . Should one overworked woman get to decide 30 people 's lives ? Can we justify that to them and to ourselves ? We 're on your side , Peter . We 'll talk later . Jerry , I 'm coming . I 'll drive Monet to the station . A mighty fortress is our God ... He is our weapon safe . In him , for our troubles and sorrows our hope we wish to build . Darkness first descends ... threatening and twisted . He is preparing for some ... with violence and angry guile . Nevertheless , we have no fear . Damn ... It 's been sitting so long there 's probably moisture in the ignition or something . Can you try it now for me please . Goddamned jalopy ! Jolly good show ! I 'm afraid French cars don 't like our climate much . Don 't worry , we have 15 minutes .. we 'll be in time for your train . Would you please drive very slowly . Slowly ? Let it stay in 1st gear . I 'll show you something . Good . It 's just as I said before . A cell is like a factory . And a motor , too , is a factory of sorts . The petrol triggers a different number of processes . Now ... Control by your foot , the accelerator . You see , it 's flowing evenly . In a fine thin stream . Just a little at a time ... Now ... take your foot off the accelerator Good . More petrol ... And now ... Still more . GDF is also a kind of petrol . Already in 1953 ... they did it with tryptofan , but it makes no difference . The principle is still the same ... if you introduce an over-abundance ... of the enzyme , it will smother the process and shut the system down . It 's like fighting fire with fire . He was my professor . I 'm a fool not to have thought of this before . The actor 's taking a chance . So would Kurt if he could speak for himself . I 've played many roles , but this is the first time I 've played a car . This is a normal dose . Use this . All of it ? You can stop when it overflows . I told your friends what we 're trying to do . They think you 're very brave . I wish I could come up with something appropriate to say . You 'd never understand . My method is to become the character I play . Right now I 'm a 1977 Renault . If I die , you can take me to a scrapyard . " God who loves a little child , make me small and meek and mild . " " Every day the world I stroll I hope that I am on God 's roll . " " Good fortune comes , good fortune dies . To those God loves , good fortune flies . " It 's changing . It never changed . What did he say ? Average readings are not the same . - Pulse rate 's up . - Blood pressure 's dropping . Increase the drip rate . It 'll soon change . If you work like a car motor , that is . How many revs can it take before the engine breaks down . Damn it ! Increase oxygen . I think we 're losing him . Pulse rate 's falling . 162 ... 160 ... 157 . 155 . It 's falling again ... 180 ... 177 ... 172 . 155 145 143 142 140 138 137 133 132 130 128 127 125 124 122 121 120 119 117 116 115 113 112 Six months later Good morning . Flash convertible ! Already walkie time ? How 's the tingling in your fingers ? I 've been missing my sparring partner . You have a visitor . I have a meeting in 2 minutes . I 'm sure it can wait ... He wants to talk about a large donation . Dr Wall ! Sandberg . My parents had one of those . A great visual expression of human living conditions . Currently ... My clients are impressed with the work at Retke 's centre . The discrete arrangements for aftercare are very much appreciated . I don 't think I know what you 're referring to . Just let us say that it stays within the family . I represent the consortium which has financed Kurt Retke . Kurt Retke is an old uni friend . How is he these days ? One can 't be too careful in this matter . That 's for sure . We have a proposal I 'd like you to hear . We have access to a substance with a strong age-retarding effect ... GDF . However , it suffers from a strong runaway action . That must be slowed and controlled . We 've heard about an idea ... That cells taken from people with the condition called PMA , can be used . A combination GDF-PMA preparation is judged to be extremely promising . Such a project would attract unlimited resources . As project leader with total responsibility and total control of developments we would like to engage you , Dr Wall . And if , say after 3 years , I were tell you that the idea proved impossible ... ? What happens then ? Why should that happen ? As you probably know , Dr Retke 's daughter gave birth to a child in her 15th month . Based on the effect on that child ... If a new preparation were found to have similar bad effects ... And I wished to terminate research ... What would happen regarding my total control ? You 'd just have to trust us . Why should I do that ? - No thank you . - Take time to think it over . No ... thank you ! Well , thank you for giving me your time . Rest assured we 'll pursue this further . With or without your help . I shall do anything I can to stop you . You have colleagues who will be more appreciative of this offer . We are not a consortium to be deterred . Interesting research can always be conducted elsewhere . And ... drive carefully , eh ? Subtitles by FatPlank for KG
