 ♪ In the not ‐ too ‐ distant future Next Sunday A , D , ♪ ♪ There was a guy named Joel , ♪ ♪ not too different from you or me ♪ ♪ He worked at Gizmonic Institute ♪ ♪ Just another face in a red jumpsuit ♪ ♪ He did a good job cleaning up the place , ♪ ♪ But his bosses didn 't like him so they shot him into space ! ♪ ♪ We 'll send him cheesy movies ! ♪ ♪ The worst we can find ! ♪ ♪ He 'll have to sit and watch them all ♪ ♪ And we 'll monitor his mind ! ♪ ♪ Now keep in mind Joel can 't control ♪ ♪ Where the movies begin or end ♪ ♪ Because he used those special parts ♪ ♪ To make his robot friends ♪ ♪ Robot Roll Call , Cambot ! ♪ ♪ Gypsy ! ♪ ♪ Tom Servo ! ♪ ♪ Crow ! ♪ ♪ If you 're wondering how he eats and breathes ♪ ♪ And other science facts ♪ ♪ Then repeat to yourself ♪ ♪ It 's just a show , I should really just relax ♪ ♪ For Mystery Science Theater 3000 ! ♪ 30 seconds to commercial sign , Hey , everybody , it 's me , it 's Joel , I 'm marooned out in outer space , and now you 're trapped in the vacuum with me , The robots are throwing me a little party today , Commercial sign in 15 seconds , We 're expecting a call from the evil scientists who shot us into space for the invention exchange , But until then , we 're gonna party like it 's 1999 , Commercials sign in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , Commercial sign now , We 're gonna be back in a matter of seconds , ♪ Hey , what did you guys spike this punch with , anyway ? It 's 10W ‐ 30 and Tang , Ugh , Act like your parents are home , the scientists are calling , Come in , Joel , my little free ‐ floating clambake , Hey sir , what happened to you ? Well , we had a little mishap in the lab this week , We were trying to make a cold fusion Walkman , and I don 't know what happened , but , You see what happened , Anyway , Dr , Forrester will be here in a second , he 's just trying to make himself look presentable , Just make with the invention exchange , wild boy , Oh , okay , well , This is an invention in honor of the party today , that the robots are throwing , When I was a boy , I used to play with one of these , All right , And now , I 'm a man , all right ? What 's your invention , sir ? It 's , Never mind , Are you okay , Clay ? Yes , Larry ; Remember , it 's all in the name of science , Well , Joel , I guess our little experiment this week is going to be a powerful healing salve that will allow us to regain our rugged good looks , Maybe our hair , Nothing wrong with my hair , Larry , Jeepers , You guys look like something from a Wes Craven 's children 's book , Thank you , Well , your film today , Joel , is called Black Scorpion , It 's a Mexican film with effects by Ray Harryhousen , the man who brought you The Seven Voyages of Sinbad , It 's filled with bluescreen action and jerky monster movement , But at least there 's no recognizable talent in it , Enjoy , Oh , we got movies ! Well , those scientists really looked terrible , Hey , it 's Krakatoa , east of Java , Fentonville , east of Muncie ! Is that a crack house or what ? Cops is filmed on location , Everything you see is true , Yellowstone , 1988 ; Fire lay waste over 700,000 acres of pristine virgin pines , Only one man can fight these flames , Fred Adair , Fred Astaire ? Hey , it 's Universal Studios , , Wreck their homes and destroy their lives , Beam , And so today , again they kneel , terrified and helpless as a new volcano is created by the mysterious and rebellious forces of nature , Horny broad ‐ voiced announcer uses his mighty voice to put fear in the viewer 's mind , , Rich farmland have cracked and dropped from sight , And millions of tons of molten lava are roaring down the slopes , Guys , get out of the way , that 's why you 're dying ! , Mexico , as the most violent of modern times , To the benighted citizenry of this remote countryside , We should make s 'mores , later , Okay , Did you bring the Kraut ? No , I left them in the Volvo , , Having reached a towering height of 9,000 feet within a few days , And then , tragedy struck , we ran out of stock footage , , wider circumference , But what is now most feared is that rescue work will be severely hampered by the hazardous inaccessibility of the terrain , ( explosion ) The wavy title , Something tells me this movie is about our friends and neighbors to the south , Tom , there 's no south in space , Carlos Muzquiz , Pascual Peña , Fanny Schiller , Pedro Galvan , Duncan and Blees , Lindon , Edmond Fitzgerald ? This must be his wreck , That 's Edward , Oh , ♪ Sawtell , Melford and Dietz , Ludwig , ♪ Now , junior , we 're just looking for a place to picnic , here , Now I know Gary 's buried around here some place , Look around for that shallow grave , ♪ There she is , ‐ Mom ? ‐ Yeah , Fuck , it looks like a volcano to me , ♪ Hey , why does he need a pipe ? Why doesn 't he just suck in some air ? Feel the pumice power go to work on your lungs , That volcano looks as far away as it ever did , Nobody stuck a gun on your back to make you become a geologist , Yeah , but you don 't have to rub it in , Hey look , it looks like it 's from the old MASH set , You know , if there was any other village within 50 miles of here , a sign like this could confuse people , I don 't get it , Looks like somebody else has been through here lately , Yeah , army truck , maybe , police , Hey , wait , that 's my motorman 's helper , Don 't get me wrong , doc , I love this Mexico of yours , but ‐ ‐ I like my Mexico better , Got a little plastic burro , it 's neat , How did you get permission so fast ? For my group , I mean , After all , red tape and that sort of thing , Simple , just told them the truth : That you needed me along as an interpreter , And to mop up your sweat , Well , that may be true , but I think the language you really spoke best was with our secretary who secured all the documents for you , Oh , I didn 't use Spanish with her , I used Greek , it really confused the hell out of her , ♪ Incredible , Truly , isn 't it ? What , the screen behind us ? , May be as severe as Mount Pele , This driving effect ? , San Francisco , Lucky there are so few people up here , Well , there were enough , Meanwhile , on a pole somewhere , ♪ Oh , hi linesman , How far have you come , fellas ? Mexico City , we left on Monday , Where did you want to go ? San Lorenzo , How far is it , do you know ? Who knows how the bridges are , Maybe a couple of hours , A police car went by just before sundown , They didn 't come back , so maybe they got through okay , Was San Lorenzo hurt badly ? Who knows ? The telephone lines are down since the earthquake , Thanks a lot , See you later , Take it easy , Goodbye , see you later , Auf wiedersehen , Hasta luego , ( howling wind ) Boy , am I hungry , Is that my stomach growling or yours ? What is that ? I don 't know , Ordinarily , I 've got nothing against moonlight nights , but I 'd be glad to get by this one , What kind of oil mixture do you use ? Looks like a farmhouse up ahead , maybe we can get some water up there , I hope so , I 'd like to save those last two bottles of beer , Two bottles of beer in the Jeep , two bottles of beer , Pass one down , pass it around , Beer in the Jeep , I 'll just move this high ‐ voltage power line with this piece of metal , Let me dip it in water , first , ♪ ♪ A little gas station never looked better , Hello ! Anybody home ? I 'll see if I can find the well , ♪ Hey , hello in there ! Hello out there ! Nope , we don 't need a Jeep , Hey , hi ! Hi ! Come here ! Look at this , So , it 's a pile of bricks , See them all the time , Hey , another pile of bricks , and a card that says , " Black Scorpion Wrecking Services " , What could it mean ? Look at that ! Wow , it 's a car ! Hey , that 'd make a cool Ford , Yeah , it 's a ' 55 Ford , With a little work , could be cherry , Yeah , we chop it , drop it , add some thresh pipes , it 'll be great , Certainly have no idea what could 've happened , or why , What could do this to a car out here ? Well , I 'm no insurance adjuster , but a big truck or the neighbor kids could 've , Calling 511 , Do you read me ? Sergeant Vega , do you read me ? This is headquarters ‐ ‐ Hey , there 's a small man in the glove box , help me find his torso , Hello ? Hello , do you read me ? 511 , I read you , Sergeant Vega , What 's your location ? I 'm in the front seat , but I 'm not Sergeant Vega , Take this ; you 're head man down here , ‐ Hello ? ‐ Go ahead , please , This is Arturo Ramos , Professor of Geology , from the university , My associate and I came upon this patrol car , There has been an accident , I believe we 're a few kilometers south of the village of San Lorenzo , Where 's Sergeant Vega ? He 's not here , No one is here , The car is badly damaged , but there 's no blood , Did the car run off the road ? No , frankly , Didn 't the police sergeant make a report after the accident ? The radio 's working , No , we have heard nothing , Thank you , professor , leave the patrol car as it is , We shall order military intelligence to send an emergency unit to San Lorenzo immediately , We will , Thank you for ordering , Your total is $ 5,54 , please pull ahead to the second drive thru window , Not doing any good here , pal , ( rattling ) Hank , Some of my countrymen may like rattlesnakes in the house , I can do without them , Let 's take a look , ♪ Bob , if you die , can I have your hat ? You know , this would make an excellent miniature golf course , ♪ Hey , look back here , There 's a key ‐ light , ♪ This house is filled with Christmas trees ! Ten bucks a foot ? Jesus , ( rattling ) ♪ Well , at least we know they 're an advanced civilization , they got Vicks VapoRub , Yeah , now you 're supposed to pick it up with your forearms and leave the monastery forever , ( rattling ) ♪ Bob , look , baby tracks , What 's behind the curtain ? It 's a baby boy ! All right , kid , start talking , Come on , now , it 's just a baby , That rattlesnake is the worst kind of them all , Let 's blast it , ♪ Come on , fella , Hey , how 'd he know his name was Fella ? ♪ You have practice , Mr , Scott ? I used to be Mrs , Scott , ‐ ‐ with four brothers and two sisters , Wait a minute , they were older than me , What do you suppose caused this wreck , that police car out there ? Could 've been a bull , If it was , then it had to be the grandpappy of the biggest bull that ever was , The Schlitz Malt Liquor Bull , Wow , the grass , even , Yeah , so ? Look , I 've already got half a dozen questions I can 't answer , I try to ignore any new ones , You think we oughta use the radio to tell them about the kid ? No , I think we ought to get to San Lorenzo as quick as we can , Look at this kid , Not a peep out of him , Peep , You know , if I ever have any of my own , I think I 'll feed him beans and tortillas too , I 'll be able to get some sleep nights , I doubt it , ( wind howling ) No more beans and tortillas for that kid , Actually , wait a minute , ♪ I 'll just leave him here on the seat of the car , What 's behind this tree ? It 's a dead cop ! That 's right , Bob , it 's a 1953 Señor Policia , complete with , 38 snubnose revolver , dilated pupils , and rigor mortis , You too will sleep silently in your home , Señor Policia , From Spiegel Catalogue , Chicago , Illinois , 60609 , ♪ Funny place for a wax museum , He 's dead , you idiot , ♪ I got a wax museum in my ear , ♪ I told him not to eat the worm , ♪ Hello , hello ? We only found Sergeant Vega and the baby , I hear that , professor , Right , you said Vega 's revolver had all chambers fired ? Yes , all , At what ? We wish we knew too , Thank you again , The emergency unit will be in San Lorenzo tomorrow , They 're sending a unit to San Lorenzo ? What do you think that announcer looks like ? I picture him kind of tall , good looking , you ? I don 't know , ( chatter ) A San Lorenzo Milling Around Festival ! Hey , G , I , Joe , number one ! Hey , mister , my sister , Chocolate ? Hey , Sorry about that , Gary , you gotta remember to duck more , What 's the matter , muchachos ? Dad 's trapped ? The rock canyon ? Thank God , I 'll ask him in Spanish , ¿ Presidentes Municipales ? Okay , now ask him in French , Okay , do German again , I am Father Delgato , Arturo Ramos of the University , Dr , Henry Scott from the United States , ( clapping ) I 'm afraid I can 't introduce this one , ( unintelligible ) And the parents ? Don 't give him to me , I didn 't do it , I think it might be better if we discussed this inside , Batting practice , Oye , señor , Dead , they were dead , And now , Father , do you believe there 's a demon bug , killing us all one ‐ by ‐ one ? I 'll take Manuel , I 'll take him with me ! You know , Gary talked to me that way once , Once , Gentlemen , I know you are weary after your journey , Can I offer you good hospitality the village may provide ? We tie you to a pole and spank you with trees , ♪ The Milling About Festival continues well into the night , Let 's mill out of here , Yeah , let 's mill , The look of death that none of us had ever seen before , Yee ‐ haw ! All right , as you guys have probably noticed , most of the people in this cast are from Mexico , and I thought it 'd be nice to take advantage of that to have a little cross ‐ cultural learning experience , all right ? Complete with subtitles ? Right , that 's right Cam , watch , you 're gonna put the subtitles up on the screen , interpreting the language of our Southern brethren , Now , we 're not that good at it , but we 're trying to learn , and hey , that 's the most important thing , isn 't it ? We sure think so , That 's right , muchachos , You want some refritos ? ‐ No , I 'm stuffed , ‐ I 'm good man , No , no , You don 't know what you 're missing , It 's time to talk about the film , El dando cinemato es la preparo en moto cambrio Mi casa es su casa , ¿ Donde esta tu ? El gato y moto y moto , ( laughing ) Introduciendo en le , piñata , Oh , Pretty , El la pasado domingo Carmen Mirando moto brio con , chili con carne esta de tu Jose Cuervo , por favor , ¿ Que ? Never mind , Pass me a flour tortilla , will you ? Are you sure you don 't want some green sauce with this ? No , I hate green , ♪ Tonight you will stay here , and maybe in the morning things won 't seem quite so mysterious , Indeed I hope so , Here we are , isolated , almost cut off from civilization , Having lost family or friends is something absolutely unknown , Still speaking Spanish , everybody ? ‐ Oui , ‐ Si , Nyet , Lo , ‐ Goodnight , ‐ Goodnight , They sure headed off to bed early , We missed dinner , ( chatter ) The Milling Festival ends in chaos , two angry villages slap each other senseless with large T ‐ bone steaks , I really appreciate it , The spanking , it was great , See you later this afternoon , Dr , Ramos , Dr , Scott , I will ask you one more time not to begin this unnecessary expedition , Look , Frank , drop the cheesy accent , I don 't see how we can be of any further service to you , No , I don 't require you for my work here , I only know that if you start for that crater , and find yourself in any kind of difficulties , men who are much more badly needed here will have to go find you , Sorry , Mr , Selfish , That 's why you must come back safely , and before sundown , with all the answers to your questions and mine , Amen to that , Sluggo ‐ ‐ I mean , Father Sluggo , Padre , ♪ Thank you , ♪ Now you 've got me , This looks like a good place to put the boat in , We try around over that side , or over here ? Neither one of them looks exactly like a Pan American highway , Everyone 's always said that the best fissures were on the Eastern slope , You can see the lava there , Maybe we can get close enough to get some pictures and plan our best approach , Hm , Just keep drinking , It 's the Cisco kid ! Hey , I can see another movie through my binoculars , I don 't know about that , but I found something a lot more interesting , Hey , it 's Dale Evans and I thought she was stuffed , Only mounted , Si , señor , have a look , It 'll do you a lot more good than that bottle of water , Again , I don 't see anything , Ah , yes , now I see him , Oh , doc you haven 't got that thing in focus , They 're focused , and it 's a very handsome horse , and I 'd likely get started , I know she 's a little plump , but come on , There was a girl on that horse , The horse must 've eaten her , ♪ I think I see her , Hey , that 's the same place they filmed Robot Monster , ♪ Now , don 't move too much , I said don 't move , We 'll find out if you 're all right first , She 's all right , and should be perfect for our experiments , Except I could 've done this more gracefully if I 'd known spectators were around , Looked fine from where I 'm standing , Gently now , No broken bones , señorita ? No sharp pain ? No , really , I 'm all right , I 've fallen off Lucero before , Not for many years , but , I really can ride , gentlemen , ( clearing throats ) Hank Scott , Dr , Arturo Ramos , Oh , the luck of the Alvares , Come off a horse , and then right next to a doctor , Doctors of Geology , We operate only with little hammers on rocks , If you have kidney stones , we 're the guys to call , Lucero always goes back to Miraflores , But the saddle , oh no , I 'll get it , You 're very kind , No he 's not , I 'm kinder , Do you happen to have a canteen ? Well , sure , right on the Jeep , come on , ♪ There 's a mirror you can use , Great , ♪ We 'll be here several weeks , at least , See , we 're conducting ‐ ‐ Try a little of this , Made it myself , it 's my own sweat , You make it sound like a very intriguing occupation , Well , I didn 't mean to , ‐ ‐ interesting volcanoes , And you 're one of them , What do you know , Couple of rocks piled on top of other rocks , That 's kind of fishy , Let 's dig down a little bit , and , Yeah , What ? " Thou shalt not ki ‐ ‐ " What ? " Thou shalt not ki ‐ ‐ " Huh , I 'll take that back , Should make the saddle heavier , Hey , Hank ! Look at this ; It says , " Thou shalt not ki ‐ ‐ , " Thank you , doctor , What do you make of that ? I guess we 're not supposed to " Ki ‐ ‐ " , I found this near the saddle , Oh , is that good ? I 'll say it is , it 's obsidian , Oh , I don 't think it 's that bad , Well , I wouldn 't know , Cattle , yes , but rocks , Could I ask another favor of you ? Can I borrow some makeup ? Would you mind turning back and taking me to San Lorenzo ? We 'd be glad to , Thank you , Wow , you 'll do anything for a chick , I must get there today , Where 'd you get your hat from , there ? ‐ ‐ riders to help with my cattle , That old volcano is really causing a lot of trouble this time , Yeah , we heard in the village about your cowboys , Oh ? Well , if I lose my cattle , I lose everything , How are things at Sal Lorenzo ? Well , the Milling Festival is over , ended in a weird steak fight , Found a baby , though ; gave it to a priest , And that sums up where we are in the movie , The weather started getting rough , the tiny ship was tossed , Is that any reason to act like frightened children ? I don 't think it 's just a poisonous plant , señorita , Even in this climate , you don 't grow them that can push in the side of a building and wreck a car , Oh , but we do , You 're not from around here , are you ? Strange man , The Milling Festival over , the citizens are loaded on to flatbed trucks like so many cattle , ♪ Everybody , don 't " ki ‐ ‐ ! " Oh , don 't forget , You promised to use Miraflores as your headquarters , It will be a great convenience , señorita , Will it really ? Right , Hey , Stevo , flip you for her , Hey , you see my haircut ? Look , I got a haircut too ! Look , haircut , haircut , haircut , haircut , haircut , We all got our hair cut ! ( speaking Spanish ) All of you , Let me ask you this , Are those foam hats ? I told you to wear mouse ears , Would you have become frightened of sounds in the night and run like silly children to the safety of the village ? Yeah , absolutely , I say only this , muchachos , I 've known you all for all my life , We 've always worked together , Me usually bossing you around , That 's right , If you don 't wish to return just to help me save my cattle for me , then , Return to save Miraflores , ¿ Que eso , muchachos ? ( muttering of approval ) Looks like the answer is no , Gracias , All right , señors , back to my house for tacos , Hats on , Dr , Scott , Mayor Garcia wants to see you , In the laboratory with Dr , De La Cruz , Laboratory ? You 'll be surprised by the experiments that go on there , He 's making a taco salad where you can actually eat the bowl ! ♪ Doctor , is that the patrolman ? Yes , Sergeant Vega , Relieved doing his duty , now who may perform a greater one , Ick , You see , I deep ‐ fried a small portion of soft shell , now look at the salsa I mixed up here , ♪ They are flavor buds , they are bursting with flavor ! Well ? Black subcutaneous cells that had just burst , or run rampant , So that salsa is really , really hot then , right ? Not from any poison I can identify with this equipment , Lopez , you help again , please ? Isn 't that the guy from The Eurythmics ? ♪ In this pure alcohol , and this distilled water , and this tequila , Ah , that 's for me , And this water with some salt , And then bring some Shinola , and we 'll compare it with the last one I gave you , Think it is a poison , now ? I do , Not a chemical poison , Doctor ? No , But I believe , for many reasons , More like a paste , like I use in my hair , I have had a little experience with them , The venoms of the snakes , The wasps and spiders , While I will prepare these live specimens , and take them to a man in Mexico City who will be sure to know , Now , do you serve those with crackers , or do you spread them on those toasted garlic rounds ? Well , as you say , if it 's an organic poison , anything from nature , the Great Vilasko will identify it , The Great Vilasko , juggler , sword swallower , and pathologist extraordinaire , One wound , here , with no blood , Then , the situation of the tissues , The strange bacteria , Bacteria , I think , found in the soil samples , near the footprints , ‐ Footprints ? ‐ Footprints ? Footprints ? Footprints ? Where something knocks down dwellings , flattens cornfields ‐ ‐ Now , these aren 't actual footprints , this is feta cheese , but it smells like feet and that 's as close as we could get , Whatever it is , my friends , I don 't believe anyone has ever seen a foot , a claw , this size , except those poor unfortunates who wish they never had , One question , Doctor , I hope I can answer it , The alcohol , the distilled water , the salt solution , I can understand that , It all makes a salad dressing , doesn 't it , What about the tequila ? Well , in your country , I believe you call it the coffee break , Hey , let 's all grab a margarita and head out to my turtle pool , what do you say ? Hey , it 's the big belle , and there 's Barbara Stanwick , ♪ There goes the fringe on top , Don 't forget the Alamo ! Davey Crocker is a dork ! No , Remember the ‐ ‐ ah , forget it , Looks like you were pretty lucky , That thing really came close , didn 't it ? Yeah , it used to be worse , We were blessed that it didn 't go any further , our plantation would 've been ruined like the rest of the land , Makes a lot of sense , Meanwhile , back at Neighborville , Illinois , Señorita , thank heavens you 're safe , Oh , really ? I was worried about you , I began to search the hill , Oh , Peo , I had already been found by someone else , This is Dr , Scott and Dr , Ramos , ( clapping ) This is my foreman , Peo , Hi , Peo , Chump , Not only comfortable , but cool too , Yes , sometimes I think being cool is , by far , the most important on days like this , Well , I know you 'll want showers , Wow , it looks like she lives at the Gala winery , Florentina , Show Dr , Ramos to the blue room ? And then sponge bathe our guests , won 't you ? ‐ ‐ Show Dr , Scott to the left wing , I 'll take care of them ! Well , I 'll see you later , and you can tell me all about your expedition , At the end of the shower ? Not bad , doc , Meanwhile , in the shower , ( mooing ) Good day 's work , Chalaco , not bad , All right everybody , thank you , but Oklahoma has been cast already , ‐ ‐ By Thursday , Why put on such a face ? We will do it , if I have to stay in the saddle without sleep myself , You must understand , can 't you see ? The cattle knows that something evil is carried on the wind , That 's the cat , Now , let us have a good supper , and forgot these superstitions , Hey , quit shouting back there ! Hey , cut it out ! Meanwhile , back at the dog , Would you like some brandy , sir ? Brandy for a dog ? Just a minute , Juanito , hurry with the brandy , Would you like some , too ? Please , I 'll take care of them , Muchas Gracias , Take a shot for yourself , little buddy , Kid 's kind of a kissup , isn 't he ? Jerry Mathers has to be virile , Can I make a complaint , Teresa ? Oh , I 'm sorry , what was not done suitably ? Oh , the dog was a little well done , Everything was done beautifully , You know , you 're making it very difficult to think about settling down to work , Well , is that so bad ? That all depends , Might be very bad if I stop thinking about work altogether , and just started concentrating on pleasure , Hank , those volcanoes have been there for hundreds of years , I 'm sure they wouldn 't mind waiting just a little longer , What are they talking about , Joel ? Uh , sexual healing ? I 've got something to show you , Let me put my new Leonard Nimoy album on , the Sings The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins , I noticed it last night at the village , Looks like a decoupage Hummel , See anything ? Hold it up against the light , Looks like Wisconsin Delts , ♪ That 's fantastic , Doc , There 's a scorpion trapped in there , You are bold and assertive , and you get along well with Libras , 300 years old , but there he is , I wanted to show it to you before I broke it open , Not on the table , I just had it re ‐ felted , ( screeching ) Alive ! Impossible ! It 's a prehistoric crunchy treat , I can 't believe it , life enduring for centuries like this , and under all that heat ? My underwear drawer ? Hey , I hope you know , you voided the warranty when you cracked it open , pal , ( screeching ) It 's an ancient squeaking scorpion , Pardon me , señores , do you like to keep scorpions ? I know a place where there are millions ! Not like this one , Juanito , This one squeaks , Pancho ! Cisco ! You don 't know how to behave ? I have to send you out , I want a magnifying glass to watch this little monster , You mean the little kid ? You know , I could throw this scorpion out the window , and then we 'd really be alone , Well , except the dog , the cook , the small boy , and your friend , Why don 't we ? ( ringing ) Oh , excuse me ! The line 's been fixed , Is that a problem ? Hello , Hello ? I 'm a lineman for the county , and I drive the main road , Oh , is the line all fixed ? All clear , ma 'am , Miraflores is the last one , señora , And now , ladies and gentlemen , the star of our show , It 's the roaches ! ( screaming ) Works every time , Ew , he 's leaking , look at that , Ew , ( screaming ) Let 's see , what am I hungry for , Lobster , yeah ! That 's what I wanted , ♪ Oh , hi , Crusty , What ? What 's on first , Under the bridge ! He 's stuck up a pole , Once you 've tasted linemen , you 'll never go back , I bet you can 't eat just one , No ! ( screaming ) Hank , come here ! The line 's been bugged ! Hello ! Hello , what 's wrong ? Look out ! Could you scream a little slower ? I can 't understand you , Run ! Roughly translated , he 's saying , " This would not have happened , had we installed fiber optics , " I think I can take that thing , ♪ ( speaking Spanish ) Sunday , Sunday , Sunday ! We turn the floor of the Sonora desert into a giant blood pit , It 's machine meets arachnid in one on one action , Gogo the gorilla , and all ‐ time ‐ powerful meister , Big Scorp , ( screeching ) Hm , delicious guy on a stick , You got a little , ( screaming ) A neat treat that 's fun to eat , This might sting a bit , No , it 's gonna sting a lot , Definitely , Where 's the Arroyo Bridge ? I 'll show you , ( whimpering ) Pancho , what is happening to you tonight ? I gotta do a film with Jim Belushi , Doc , we have to go over to the bridge , there 's some trouble ! Come on , You be a good boy , ( barking ) Bad dog , bad dog ! Come back , come back , Rin Tin Tin ! ( barking ) Bad dog ! Look , kid , the dog obviously doesn 't like you , ( shouting ) Dogs love the rich taste of gigantic scorpion , Señorita ! Shouldn 't we unhook the boat , first ? I cannot say ! Help , Mr , Hank ! Well , that 's Juanito ! Juanito ; who 's gonna save a kid named after a snack cracker ? ( screeching ) ♪ Run , Juanito ! Not that way ! Call for help , Don 't shoot the boy ; shoot the monster ! I 'm getting scared ! Mrs , Butterworth , help ! Where is Juanito ? He 's safe ! Operator ! Operator ! Operator ! ♪ But I just don 't understand it at all , Well , we 'll go through it again one more time , okay ? At approximately the same time every day , Joel goes into his cabin , stretches out horizontally on his bunk , and closes his eyes , Yeah , and then he holds perfectly still and shuts down , No , except it 's not a complete shutdown , because every now and then , he rolls over , and he 'll say things like , " Oh no , Mr , French , puppy didn 't hide the cat ! " Or , or , one time I heard him yell , " Don 't stop , don 't stop ! " ( howling ) Gypsy , we 're busy , here , That 's not the weird part , it 's really not , He 'll get up , he 'll walk into a little closet , and he makes water , Yeah , and what does he do with it ? He flushes it out into space , Go figure , It 'd be like if we were to just drain hydrofluid to jettison it into space , ( howling ) Oh , cute , girl , go take a powder , Okay , here 's a paradox for you , he 's programmed to grow hair on his face , right ? But every time he gets up from his bunk , he cuts it off ! Yeah , and then it grows back again the next day , what does he do ? He cuts it off again , Yeah , this is one of those logically strange loops , Some sort of bizarre , non ‐ euclidian human projection pattern which makes no sense , ( howling ) Oh ! Owie , owie , owie ! Oh , I tell you buddy , human nature is a hard thing to figure , Oh , we got movies on , let 's go ! Tom , why 'd you break Gypsy ? She tried to consume me , Joel , There you go , Operator , operator ! This is the operator , I 'm not in right now , Nothing important is happening , so I left , This is a recording , ( explosion ) Oh , Ah , Here comes the grand finale , I love this part , Oh , this is your landlord calling , I 'm sorry , but you won 't be getting your damage deposit back , Come on , everybody , it 's just a big bug ! Ain 't you ever seen a big bug before ? Come on , nothing to worry ‐ ‐ Whoa , what the ? Gary , get out of my way ! ♪ It 's crazy day ! We 's slashing and bashing prices ! Yes , that 's right , all giant scorpions get in free ! Free hot dogs and balloons for the kids ! Hey , come on down and visit me code jail , I 'm in code prison , Get me out , get me out , come on , Come on down to crazy day , this Sunday , ♪ Oh , I saw that in Potemkin once , It 's the Wahaca step sequence , ♪ These soccer games really can get out of hand , You 're not supposed to use your hands , Hey , get me ! I 'm stinging peasants ! ♪ I hate to tell you this , that 's not how you use the gun , It 's upside down , It 's udder chaos ! Cows , Cow could I say that ? It must be after the cattle , Well , just rope and brand them , don 't try to understand them , Oh , you got a little , uh , I told you , kids , no horseplay in the house , ♪ You got a little , yeah , eugh , Come on ! ♪ Man , I wonder if that thing can plow a driveway , It should be great , I don 't think it can , doesn 't have the right attachments , Flint , Michigan , On a clear day , you can see the GM plant on the outskirts of town , Hey look , there 's Michael Moore , I 'm telling you , Brad , I 'm gonna get to Mecina before Monty , MASH 4077 , best care , anywhere , It 's Sydney Freeman , Dr , Vilasko , Hey , Hawkeye , didn 't recognize you in the civvies , This is fantastic , Oh , you like it ? Thanks ! Thank God , Father , we thought you were all dead , This is all that remains , Even the animals , I cannot speak of this night , Well then , just don 't speak of it , Father , I have been sent here in charge of emergency arrangements , All that are left will be moved to safety , Please tell everyone to be ready to leave San Lorenzo , And Father , they may only take what they can carry in their arms , I 'm not your father , Where is the laboratory ? Over there , Lavatory or Laboratory ? As soon as I received the samples , I identified the poison is that of a scorpion , But I had no concept of the creature 's size until I saw this , Your feta cheese ? This specimen found by Dr , Ramos is of a species thought to be extinct , We have known it in a passive state , but never alive , Now , from the bowels of the Earth , it has come forth again to plague the Earth , What can we do ? I emptied the machine gun on one of them , I beg of you all not to lose your head , Have you tried reasoning to them ? We have a few advantages against this enemy , First , we 're small , we can run fast , Thus , we have the daylight hours to try to find and destroy them , Secondly , they 're somewhat slow and lethargic , And we have giant 40 ‐ foot pincers ! No , wait , that 's the scorpions , One question , sir , Yes ? What weapon to do you intend to use ? Gas , We 're in Mexico , that should be easy to find , It has been proved effective against normal species , let us pray it works against , Normal species ? If it does not ? We give up and die , May God help all of you , Or some of you , Like you , Okay , Milling Festival 's over , it 's the Big Hat Fest , I want to do what I can , too , Señorita Alvares , I understand your emotions , Believe me Dr , Vilasko , I 'm not trying to be emotional , I wouldn 't ask to come along if I thought I couldn 't help , Teresa , you don 't know the hardships , Dr , Vilasko , Major Cocio , I know this area like the palm of my hand , But she can 't ride a horse to save her life , I 'm a good shot , You said yourself , you needed all the help you could get , Señorita Alvares , I think you have found yourself a job , The pay 's rotten , but the hours stink , Major Cocio and I are planning this , See , I got this lake property , and it goes all the way back to the woods , I want to go with you , I want to do a job , Don 't worry , Juanito , we 'll get together again , That 's a promise , See if you can find my boots for me , will you ? I know where they are ! Oh , they stink , Hey , did you actually pay for these ? Line , please , Here they are , Oh , good ! Now stop eyeballing them , kid , and give them to me , Like those , huh ? Tell you what , Juanito , when you get to be a big man , I 'll get you a pair just like these , No , thanks , Thank you , Mr , Hank ! You like that , huh ? I know how to ride very good , I know how to shoot very good , Yeah , yeah , we know you 're superboy , too bad you can 't act , Hey , can I call you Gary ? Ah , Juanito , You know , sometimes even a half a man has a lot of different jobs to do , And right now , the most important job for you to do is to take care of your grandmother , She can take care of herself ! Offer , Juan , you 'll be paid well for it , You 've got plenty of time to do more exciting things , And you ? You be very careful , and don 't get hurt , won 't you ? You , work on your diction , I 'll catch up with you later , Yeah , that 's what Shane said , Okay , Here they are , the 15th fairway , Boy , I wish they 'd keep those horses away from the green , ♪ I don 't see a thing , Dr , Vilasko , we 'll go on , All right , ♪ Playing the Top Flight Five , aren 't you ? I usually use range balls out here in the rough , They 're playing the volcano hole , Next is the windmill , and that 's really tough , Looks like he 's gonna use an iron on this one , A little hard to believe , but he 's been having a lot of trouble with his driver and his woods , Looks like he 's going for a tough par , Hey , he was in our foursome last week ! This is a rough hole , ♪ Major , Yes , Doctor ? Tell your captain to hold all the heavy equipment until we call for it , You mean the irons ? ♪ Look at this ! A great big opening ! There 's the pit everybody ! Wow , it is tough , He 's got to four caddy that hole , Look , there 's something wrong with his horse ! He 's falling in ! No actors were abused in the making of this motion picture , ♪ That 's gonna cost them a stroke , Take a full swing ! We must get down to the lower level , The lady 's key ? ♪ Okay , who has the orange ball ? ♪ Hey , they moved the pin ! This crevice is new , It must 've opened during one of the earthquakes , Looks like a job for us , Doc , Of course , No transport ? How deep do you say it is ? Well , Doc and I 've been down many a cave , but there 's no way of really telling , I think it cuts down into the right , we should be able to bogey it , ♪ Hey , cut it out ! Ouch ! Well , the only way we can find out is try to go down there ourselves , What do you say , Doc ? What , are you high ? Would that poisonous gas work in a crevice this big ? I could not anticipate such a crevice as this , I 'm not a big enough crevice , Major , I think you better bring all your heavy equipment up here , Crane , tanks , and all , Captain , bring the crane and all the heavy equipment , You want my men to go down there ? It is suicide , Don 't worry about , Doc and I haven 't had a decent elevator ride in a long time , We commit suicide every day , Got my snowmobile here , Sno ‐ Cat , really a beauty , What are you doing here ? I 'm a stowaway ! No , you 're a volunteer , kid , Do me a favor , will you ? And just stay out of the way , Yes , Mr , Hank , Good , And just sit in the Jeep like a big boy , okay ? Yeah , wear that checkerboard bib , overalls , and hold a big sloppy hamburger like that , Why the birds , professor ? Because , if the birds stop singing , that means there 's poison gas in the cave , Fine time to go jousting , Neither of you , it 's not your responsibility , Who 's responsibility is it ? The producers , The army , The people who live here ! Now look , Doc and I know more about caves than anyone else here , Give me my gum back , Thank you , No , you got it , Here , I want you to have it , Why did you do that ? Maybe I just wanted to see what you 'd do ? What did I do ? Well , I don 't know , but you did it first , Señorita , You can help us if you will keep the log of the descent , How many meters down , the reports which are made , Sure , Keep yourself busy , that 's my theory , Oh , don 't forget , take care of little Juanito , Juanito ? Oh , you mean my kid ! ♪ And so we enter the cage , knowing the Earth 's fiercest creatures await us below , Zsa Zsa , He said down , ♪ Lower and lower we go , traveling past the matte paintings , ♪ We suffer from the banes of nitrogen narcosis , ♪ ( screeching ) I think we 're gonna need a lot bigger boat , you guys , Should I get the cops ? I 'll get the cops , Look down there , ♪ Hello , stop cage ! Big crab ! Big guy ! Oh boy ! Oh boy ! Bring us up ! Stop the cage ! Send down a little lemon butter , Hold on a second , Hell , why don 't you go down there and stand next to the creature so I can get a sense of scale ? ♪ Okay , I got a picture of it , Lower on , All right , lower them down , Down , did I say down ? Up , I meant up , He 's gonna clip that line like a nose hair , Hey , look over there , it says Arnie Sacknessen , Deeper and deeper we went , until our little thread was all the way down , you know , A huge cavern , I 've never seen a cave so big in my life , Can you see the size of Mendoza ? No , not from here , We 'll take a look around , Seems like a nice enough place , At first , We step to see if it 's cold and lifeless , when actually , it is teeming with life , Here we see a sea anemone , It 's seemingly fragile structure adapted to the massive pressures , At this depth , the sea pressure could crush a man 's head like a pimple , Hey , Chirpy , Is this Doom ? Here we see one of the beautiful creatures of the sea floor , Though it appears vicious to the eye , it is very docile , You can see the creature 's lure , which is a lump of flesh in front of the ink sack , Well , this is the winner of the Uniroyal Pioneer Trophy , Now , this float is called The Little Inchworm , It 's made entirely out of white coral flowers and dried shellfish , It 's a real piece of work , Cathy Lee ? Hank , answer ! Hey , he likes to wear hats , We just find a bug that can wear this hat and we 've got our man , Or their worm , Exactly , Are you there , Hank ? Dr , Ramos , Dr , Ramos , Elven boy hid behind the gas tanks , Hello , hello ? Hello ! Damn these Sprint lines ! Yes ? Mendoza 's dead , We just saw a worm , 30 feet long , And boy does it catch fish , We want to look around a little more , first , Hey , Doc ! Over here ! There 's a big set over here ! Over here , over here , Stay down , Sabu , ( screeching ) Aw , yuck , The ants were marching one ‐ by ‐ one , hurrah , hurrah , The ants were marching one ‐ by ‐ one , the little one stopped to shoot a gun , Doesn 't even penetrate it , Try another one , Better call Orkin , Or throw the boy at them , Yep , these are scorpion prints , all right , ♪ Are they in the basement of the volcano , is that the deal ? ♪ Made him mad , not a good thing , You know , even if they catch that thing , they 're gonna need a lemon the size of a Volvo to eat it , ♪ I think I 'll go make some yummy curry sauce , With my own body , Becky ? Aunt Jill ? Huck ? ♪ Let 's knock off for the day , Bill , It 's been a long one , and I sure could go for a nice cold brew , Scorpions like this always keep lots of ice cold beer around , Sounds like there 's an opera going on next door , ( screeching ) I got 20 bucks that says the scorpion who wins this one , I 'm just plain terrified , Well , he 's got a foreign object , Well , Carmel , I can 't believe what I 'm seeing here , What does it smell like in here to you guys ? Yuck , Rowdy , Must be the grandaddy of them all , Wilford Brimley ? Good , make sure they can see us , thanks a lot , That 's how they kill each other , that weak spot in the throat , Good eye , Go out there and strangle them , will you , Hal ? ♪ Oh , great , it 's a wood tick , He 's gonna get Lyme 's disease now ! Quick , get a lit cigarette ! Help ! Help ! That doesn 't sound like a giant mutated scorpion , Come on , afraid of a little tick ? You little pansy , Help ! Juanito , come back ! ♪ Stay back in the cave , Juanito ! Because you got some explaining to do , boy , Let 's get some Deep Woods OFF , and finish him off , I thought I told you to stay in the Jeep , what are you doing down here ? I came to help you , To help us ? No , come on , All right , you 're bait , come on , Holy buckets , Mr , Hank , Mr , Hank ! Look ! Huh ? Oh , well this isn 't good ; Not at all , I mean , I 've seen good before , and it didn 't look anything this , Remember that bad thing we saw ? Well , it looked like this , remember ? Definitely bad , That scorpion really wants to use that phone booth , Okay , play him out a little , Keep your rocked hip high , When you 're ready , set the hook , The crane will be pulled in ! Throw some rocks under that crane ! No , you do it , There goes our cage , gas tanks , everything , And my lunch was in there ! ♪ Come here , you ! Yuck , Great , we lost ' em , He went under the boat , now we 're out of bait , Here , take the cable , Doc , and send it back down as fast as you can , Bring it in slow , Maybe they 're on it ? Oh , pull it up , Please , pull it up ! Keep bringing it in , Just keep thinking about your happy thoughts , don 't look down , I know you 're a bendy doll in this scene , Don 't give up , Hold on ! I bet you couldn 't even climb the rope in high school , Could you , you gutless wonder , you wimp ! Get me , I 'm a bendy doll , Higher and higher he goes , He 's getting a nosebleed , ♪ Well , how was it ? By this time , my lungs were aching for air , What happened to Hank ? Hank and Juanito are down there , too , Get a loop on the cable , send it down , quick ! Make a loop on the cable ! Loopy , on the cable , Okay , now get a shot of me with the buck , Make a real good pose , there , Oh , I 'll send the rope back down for you , I promise , By the way , can I have your bike ? Great , he 's a human piñata , now , Darn , darn , darn ! ♪ Grab a Mountain Dew and try that , it 's a blast , ♪ Oh , Juanito , Oh , Juanito , why did you do it ? We are engaged , Oh , It 'll be dark in about an hour , and those scorpions will be coming out again , You couldn 't use the gas ? No , we lost it in the molten lava , There must be about 50 of those things down there , Can 't we close that opening with dynamite and seal it ? You have no idea as to the size of that place , Wait until you see these pictures , They 're great , remember corn palace last year ? Even better than that ! Oops , I left the lens cap on , Major , we must try to seal it shut with an explosion , We must start before nightfall , Okay , So there was a hook on the door handle , Scary , The giants don 't last that long , They eat their own weight every three or four days , But , suppose they find another way , those passages down there , Crafty , They did play a cruise ship once , when I was a kid , but other than that , ‐ Major , ‐ Yes , Doctor ? Let 's close it , Ready ? Aim , Let her go , I guess that does it , Wanna bet ? ♪ It seemed like a good idea , ‐ At first , ‐ At first , Hey , your apartment is great , This isn 't the end of anything , not for us , It 's the beginning , Hank , all of us have done our work now , and , Thank heaven if we 've done without any more tragedy , And you still have your survey of the volcanoes to make , yet , By the way , you 're sitting on a hornets ' nest , I 'll be home every night for dinner , I have to leave at once , I should 've left for the States two months ago to buy a cow for the herd , Did you leave the water running ? You 'll be in Mexico City for a week first , huh ? Very powerful woman , And I 'll meet you there , and you can show me the town , Well , at the city of 8 billion people , You better go talk to the chamber of commerce , A day , two days ? I don 't want to settle for just two days , Hank , I don 't want just two days , either , I want five days , Five nights , double occupancy , air fare included ! I don 't want you to fool me either , I 'm not gonna , I like you very much indeed , and I want you where I want you , Your breath is like mummy meat , ♪ Meanwhile at Hawaii 5 ‐ 0 , Dr , Scott ! Hello , I can hardly hear you , This is Dr , Vilasko , Oh , Dr , Vilasko , how are you , sir ? Well , I 'm tying some details , yeah , it 's perp 's day down here , you know ? Hank , I regret to have to complicate the plans you and Dr , Ramos have made for so long , but some of my colleagues here in Mexico are very , very anxious to talk to you both , at once , I don 't really think there 's anything we can add to what you already know , Dr , Vilasko , I am with the Director of Civilian Defense and High Army Officers right now , Hank , That 's great , It is imperative that you both return here at once to complete your report , I don 't like to say ‐ ‐ What kind of salary are we talking , here ? Everything is under control , isn 't it ? There 's no cause for alarm , not at all , But a request for cooperation has been required by , By a good neighbor of the South , Noriega ? Daniel Ortega ? Tio Sancho ? Already postponed the trip five times , I guess once more won 't matter , What ? A plane ? Yeah , sure , that would help a lot , How do you planning on flying ? Dr , Vilasko , do you suppose there 'd be room for three on that plane ? Of course , there 'll be room for three , All right , Yes sir , I understand , Right , see you then , Hasta luego , He bought it ! Everyone hide behind the furniture , I don 't think so , He assumes that the danger is completely over , That 's fine , You seemed very willing to postpone our trip once you learned that Teresa could ride with us on the plane , Well , at least it was some sort of an inducement , My friend , remember , this is not the balcony of the neighborhood movie , Pitter , Although the floor 's just as sticky , And when a man shows as much attention to a girl as you have , all of a sudden he 's in a cathedral , and wondering how he got there , So , what do you got against marriage , Doc ? I try to remember what my father told me at one time , He said , " Arturo , every time , " Hey , come on , yo , what are you , Gabe Caplin here ? What 's with the story ? Hey , get on with it , Is this a Bob Newhart bit ? Right , I 'll get the sedatives , ♪ It 's Benito Mussolini , Hey , I see your hair plugs took , Dr , Vilasko has asked me to take you to him at once , Right away , I don 't think your hat 's quite dead yet , I have order to take the señorita wherever she wishes , You gentlemen must accompany me to the university , All right , We better get out of here , Let 's go , Follow me , Look , it 's the Kaluha factory , Hey , everybody , my name is Joel , Welcome to the Satellite of Love , today we have ‐ ‐ I think his voice is a bit higher , Servo , more like this , Hey , sirs , what 's the experiment for this week ? That 's pretty good , but he tends to roll his R 's a little bit , More like this , Hey , what are you guys up to , anyway ? Wow , that 's perfect , that sounds just like him , Ixnay , Crow , Ixnay on the Oeljay , What ? Oh , right , sorry , We were just doing our little tribute to the genius behind the character effects in this film , Yeah , that black scorpion is terrific , very realistic , And you know who the creator of the stop action animation , was the one and only Willis O 'Brien , Oh , we thought it was Ray Harryhousen , That 's a good guess , but actually , the great grandaddy of them all was Willis O 'Brien , Oh , He started the whole thing , actually , He 's the guy who brought to the screen such great science fiction characters , There 's King Kong , and Mighty Joe Young , Well , didn 't he also do a bunch of those dinosaur movies ? Right , He did something like , Valley of the , Valley of the Mist , that 's right , and you 'll be surprised to know that a very young stop animation animator was on the scene , just learning from Willis O 'Brien , and that man was Ray Harryhousen , And he also worked on Mighty Joe Young Oh , so that 's why we 're confused , That 's right , but you guys did a great job on this model , Thank you , Hey , Cambot , bring it in a little bit , it 's almost time to go to commercials sign , We 'll be back everybody , right after commercial sign , ♪ Now , gentlemen , Now that was a cute little model , I think , Yeah , it 's pretty cool like that , Worked all night on that , Almost directly across from the fissure where you and Dr , Scott descended , You will see , here , is the fissure , This is San Lorenzo , On the Isle of Langerhans , Exactly here , that the photograph was taken , Gentlemen , I still think you 're making a mountain out of a molehill , Actually , it 's a volcano , You noticed how that mountain went when we blew it up , Nothing could live under those tons of rock , Not if they were under the rocks , no , I don 't think I quite follow you , From your description , that Dr , Vilasko told us , it is obvious that the cavern in which you two men descended is part of Jamilpa Caves , Huge tunnels that run under the Earth , at depths up to five miles , Where we could live so that the animals could be bred and slaughtered ! Some , are flooded , part of the underground lakes , Look at that , he 's sporting a girdle , Here they are , Check it out , look , ‐ ‐ how this large fissure , here , is directly above this arm of the system , Which is slightly swollen due to the pressure on the naughty bits , Is exactly the place where you took your photographs , Here on the seventh green , Also notice , that here , where the scorpion was photographed from the air , is also part of the connecting system , The scorpions could easily have fled underground to one of many underground shelters , Is this gonna be on the final ? What is that long arm there ? That is the cavern which extends southward to within 20 miles of Mexico City , There , where it lies under the radio , This is what we want , It 's Walt Disney and friends , How many of the Scorpions ‐ And Adolf Menjou , And when will they decide to come to the surface after blop , After Bob ? So , that is why we brought you here , Today after tomorrow , we want you to address a group of scientific and military experts so that we may plan for any emergency , ‐ And we enjoy your company , ‐ What kind of rifles were you using ? How powerful ? Well , the cartridges I was using are supposed to penetrate 2 inches of steel , But then I 'm fine , How do they kill each other ? The throat , there 's a small part right here that has no armor , that 's its weak point , When they attack each other , of course , they have the poison to inject into their enemy 's throat , Can you duplicate the poison ? No , not without a giant scorpion , What we need is something that 'll penetrate that small area exactly and then send some sort of poison into the circulatory systems , What it could be , I have no idea , We 'll deploy a small throat lozenge , But with the meeting on Friday , I 'm sure we will reach a solution , Gentlemen , I do not have to tell you that everything we discuss here is absolutely secret , ‐ This city has 4 million people ! ‐ I 'm gonna tell , If word of this leaks out , the panic of the population will be worse than the scorpions , He 's got the pi sign on his head , Meanwhile at the Stork Club , I think I 'll have the Bull , you , honey ? Nice girl , ‐ Well , thank you , ‐ Oh , you mean me , I 'm glad you can see me in something else besides those clothes I wear at the ranch , In that woodchuck costume ? Hank , what 's the meeting on Friday about ? Some geophysical contest Dr , Vilasko roped us in on , Cigarette ? ‐ Yes , it is , After you finish that , where am I taking you for dinner ? How about the IHOP ? It 's only 9 : 00 , Do you realize this is Mexico City , and no one has dinner before 11 : 00 at night ? So then it should be easy to get a table , Why , it 's practically afternoon , right now , What are you , on Dr , Seuss time all of a sudden ? Hey , Oh , am I going to have trouble with you , Well you work on it , teacher , I think you could solve me , Hey , look at me , I 'm a Rubik 's Cube all of a sudden ! Whoa ! Meanwhile , at the Toboggan room at the IHOP , Another waffle , my dear ? Another short stack for table 12 ! Aren 't you overdoing it a bit , Hank ? No , these waffles go right to my head , I 'm in love , What 's the matter , don 't you like caviar ? Oh , I love it , But not on my pancakes , I could never understand why it 's so expensive , Well , it 's a full year 's work for a sturgeon , That guy ! He 's a card , He 's a regular fish egg , Yeah , should I be going to bed or going to work , or getting up ? There 's water coming out of his neck , look at that , I wish you 'd change your mind , You don 't have to go away , and that volcano can wait , No , You 'll get through with your speech tomorrow and your silly expedition , and I 'll do everything I have to do , and then when we come back , we won 't have a worry in the world , ( tooting ) Yeah , except he 'll make me look at his model train all night , probably , ♪ Hey , crusty scorpions here , get your big crusty scorpions , ♪ I was afraid of this , Scorpion hobos , ♪ Putting pesos on the tracks to see if they flatten , ♪ Hey , Crusty , what 's your sign ? Just kidding , ( tooting ) I think I can , I think I can , I think I can , Yuck , What 's worse , Hey , get me , I 'm messing up time tables , whoa ! He 's gonna play chicken with the train , ♪ Wow , I shouldn 't have had all that tequila , I feel so rocky , ( tooting ) Aiee ! The bug on your windshield ! Hey , this isn 't my fault , I 'm taking no kind of paycut for this , Now , if you 'll look out the left side of your train , you 'll see the right side of the train , ( screaming ) Canned people , Scorpions just love trains , We at Amtrak would like to apologize for inconvenience it may have caused , this rarely ever happens , Oops , not quick enough , ( screaming ) That 's gotta hurt , I 'm hungry for Mexican , Don 't run , just look unappetizing , He ordered a stinger , heh , Smear yourself with axle grease , they hate that , Now , for you folks playing at home , keep in mind , scorpions , unless genetically mutated , do not growl , It 's like a scorpion battle royale happening , We interrupt this program to bring you a news bulletin , The express train from Monterey has been derailed outside of Mexico City , Early reports indicate an appalling loss of life , Do you know the way to Monterey ? , State that monster scorpions have swarmed around the wreckage , creating havoc , One moment , please , we 're trying to get through to the emergency ‐ ‐ But first , perhaps you would like to upgrade your pledge from the $ 50 to the $ 100 level , , Indicate that many of the victims of the disaster are so badly injured , there is little hope of their survival , It 's called death , deal with it , Ambulances , private cars , trucks , and other vehicles have been commandeered by the authorities in this emergency , We 've received a verified report from the scene of the wreck confirming that 129 persons are killed and hundreds are unaccounted for , Survivors report that a giant black scorpion has attacked and killed the smaller scorpions , and is now headed for Mexico City , We were trying to find you , What can we do ? Well , don 't ask Groucho , We 're still not sure how many of them are left , but I believe the largest may be the only one , With a lust for blood after the wreck , the scorpions went mad , The largest killed 4 of them , and I think may have killed the rest of them , Where is this scorpion ? We 've lost it in the hills , 10 miles out of town , But the boys are dusting for prints as we speak , All right , it 's 11 : 00 , time to eat now , It has been seen , let 's go , Better eat first , ♪ Attention ! Attention , the city is under martial law ! All inhabitants living north of Takabaya and west of Guadalupe are ordered to leave ‐ ‐ Hey , Panama , 1990 , what do you know ? Listen , darling , you get in that building , you stay there , The Scorpion has not yet reached the city , ( tooting sound ) , Only one giant black scorpion is alive , It 's Panic Day here in Panama , I must be crazy to be putting this much on sale ! Completely surrounding the area where it was last seen , Panicked young schoolboys , only $ 15,99 , How do we do it ? Volume , volume , volume ! Don 't put extension cords under loose rugs , ‐ ‐ thrown into a state of panic , adding greatly ‐ ‐ How many college students do you think you can fit in this bus ? ‐ ‐ defense of the city , Rifles and cannons won 't stop it , Major Cocio , here , Yes ? We have narrowed the ring one mile around the Sorrentes , Operation is proceeding , Okay , that 's fine , Major , take them in front of the stadium with the weapon , What ? Major Ortega , Major Ortega , this is Dr , Vilasko , Meet us in front of the stadium with the weapon and generator , With what kind of weapon ? Is it bigger than a breadbox ? I hope it is a weapon , Just now , it is only a prayer , Let 's pretend we understand , ‐ ‐ heavy equipment into the stadium , Colonel Sanchez , Colonel Sanchez ? Dr , Vilasko here , Move all the heavy equipment into the stadium , right away , ♪ France , 1940 , the Germans cross easily through the French Battalions and Paris falls , Millions run before the threat of the giant Nazi scorpion , Wait a second , this isn 't Paris , It 's not ' 41 ! I 'm not Little Thomas ! Serpentine ! ( screeching ) It 's Panic Day 's final hours , everything must go ! Every item in town is on sale ! Everyone coming in with a black giant scorpion gets in free , No offer will be considered , Hot dogs and balloons for the kiddies ! Oh , hi , crabby , ♪ The carnage , You are looking live at blasted ‐ out Vilagro Stadium where , in just a few minutes , puny local authorities will attempt to take on a giant , bloodthirsty , genetically bloated scorpion , ‐ ‐ enters the throat , If I 'm lucky , Dr , Vilasko , but I have never used a weapon like this before , Oh , come on , you never worked on a whaling ship ? Then the insulated wire , which leads to the cable and the generator , It should give 600,000 volts , That is , if we can find an outlet , Fly , monkeys ! Fly ! ( cackling ) ( screaming ) Plenty of parking , ♪ What the ‐ ‐ You think it 'll bring him in here ? I hope so , Gee , if you 're making soup for 10,000 , that 's all you need to make a great stock , You might need more than one shot , Major , You can 't leave those here ! Damn frat boys , ( screaming ) Meanwhile in Ancient Greece , the same war raged on , In the Vatican , Noriega cries , " I need more beef ! " Nuns load truck after truck of tasty beef in an attempt to quell the hunger of the papal pal , Yes , yes ? The scorpion is following the meat wagon , Looks like a surreal version of the Chuckwagon commercials , Yah , yah ! ( sniffing ) Is that you , or is it starting to smell like beef in here ? There it is , A fabulous arsenal is assembled , Tanks , firepower , snowplows , Chevies , huh ? I can seat you up front , sir , Wow , you know , Dan Wachowski really puts on a halftime show , When do the Elvis impersonators come out ? Well , the missile didn 't work , let 's send in the bulldozer , I feel the presence of the great white ! Watch for her to surface ! The throat , Major , remember , the white area on the throat , The head comes back just before it strikes , Hit him right above the silk scarf , You beautiful S , O , B , I read your book ! Let me pad my watch , ding , ding , ding , ding ! Could you use that mucus shot a few more times ? Shoot , You should 've used a spinner bait , Now go out there and get it , We only had one shot for that , Whoops , I 'm union , I can 't touch it , sorry , One persistent scorpion , Aw , we missed the first half , Oh , nice move , but I gotta wonder if there wasn 't a little contact with the ground there , That would nullify the play , Let 's roll back the instant replay , here , Yep , there it is , definitely contact with the ground , Yuck , not again , I wonder what he wants , Got to make this good , The spear 's up and it 's good ! Turn it on ! Mexico 3 , scorpion nothing ! How do you boys like yours done ? I like mine crispy on the outside , While Jim subdues the angry scorpion , I 'll mix up a roux for a tasty gravy , Now , while your scorpion 's being cooked , you could fix up a nice salad that could be done when you 're ready to serve , He 's down for the count , You touch him , I 'm not gonna touch him , Turn it off ! You laughed when I started my soup stock , ♪ Whoo , little onion , cayenne pepper , whoo , good stock , I guarantee ! Now we can secure some of the actual poison from the scorpion eater , right ? All right , serve the salad , A simple protection against them , if ever again , Hank , Vilasko wants to ‐ ‐ Gentlemen , we must not waste any time , If we could all meet ‐ ‐ Fresh from his Broadway stint as Lenin , Hank , Señorita Alvares , we have not yet finished , ‐ Neither have we , ‐ Oh , we have , 'Twas beauty that killed the beast , ♪ We better get out of here , That scorpion 's not gonna be drooling anymore , that 's for sure , Nope , let 's get out of here , Is that just a serving suggestion , by the way , there ? I think so , ♪ We finally got through that one , It 's the end of the experiment , It 's time for our favorite segment of the show , when we get to read some of the really great fan mail we 've been getting up here on the Satellite of Love , It 's juicy self ‐ indulgence , Yep , it 's great , and this first one comes from a Kevin Covey , Let 's put that up on the screen , Cambot , and Kevin writes , " I enjoy watching MST3K very much , The old ' 50s and ' 60s black ‐ and ‐ white horror and science fiction movies are a passion of mine , The worse they are , the more I like them , Anything that gets more than a one ‐ star rating in the TV Guide is too good to be watched , " Well , that says a lot for our show , doesn 't it , you guys ? That 's a lot about self ‐ abuse , too , Yep , Kevin Covey , The next one we got is addressed to you , Crow , It 's from Tony Hepdart , from Palo Alto , He says , " Dear Crow , " Let 's have an extreme closeup on Crow as I read it , " Dear Crow , I think you are doing a fantastic job , I find your commentary , for the most part , insightful and relevant , There are times , however , when it appears as though you are forcing the issue , " Hah , sike ! " Just trying a little too hard , I understand the frustration you must feel , Given the fact that you 're such a unique entity in your field , " True , I 'm an artist , subject to moods , " You must feel as though your crow ‐ ness somehow stands out as a glaring defect , lessens your credibility in the public mind , Because of this , you sometimes talk simply to be heard , simply to say ' Hey , I 'm crow , ' " No , I don 't think so , I don 't just talk simply to be heard , I have a reason behind my thoughts , " Simply to say ' Hey , I 'm Crow , look at me , ' And this , my friend , is dangerous stuff , I sense you are slightly ill at ease at being the only Crow host on TV , By trying to prove to the others that you are indeed capable of the task at hand , you actually do damage to your own cause , I realize the pressure you are under , and wish only the best for you and Servo , " That 's enough , I think that 's great , thank you , " These remarks were not intended to be scathing , but rather as helpful aids to your future success , " No , thank you very much , This is great , Thanks , Tom , loser , What do you think of the experiment , sirs ? What about the address ? Oh , the address , we always forget that , Do you want to do it , Tom Servo ? Cambot , put it up on screen for the folks on Earth , It 's the Mystery Science Theatre 3000 Information Club , P , O , Box 5325 , Hopkins Minnesota , 55343 , Have the biggest brain on your block , That 's it , sirs , what do you think ? I think the swelling 's going down , Yes , and I think you should file this , Here , Bye , Until next time , Mr , Skin On Wiener , ♪
