 ( trooper pekarsky ) yeah , I can hear her crying . Try that little rock-twist thing I do . That usually soothes her . It worked ? Look at that . Uh , sweetheart , I have to go . Yeah . Give here a kiss for me , would you ? Okay , bye . [ beep ] Hey there . Where you headed ? What you doing out here all by yourself ? What about your parents ? Do they know you 're out here ? No , sir . What 's your name , son ? Teddy . Why don 't you hop in , teddy ? So you were running away ? Yeah . ( pekarsky ) well , I took off a few times when I was your age . But I bet there 's people out there worried , Looking for you . And you know what ? It doesn 't matter what happened . I 'm sure as soon as they see you- - [ tires screech ] Oh , my god ! Oh , god , if I wasn 't looking at him myself , I wouldn 't believe we caught one . I always thought they were nut jobs . The people who told those stories . Seeing is believing . ( second trooper ) where 'd he pick him up ? ( pekarsky ) just off of 940 . A quarter mile down the road from edina . Teddy , I 'm gonna take your picture . Can you put your juice down and sit up for me ? I think we should call the papers , johnny . He 's just a kid . He 's one of them . I don 't care how old he is , People have a right to know . We 're not calling anyone until this thing goes Through proper channels . How much you want to bet somebody in the proper channels Leaks it to- - [ gunfire ] I 'm sorry . [ gunshot ] Walter , come on . Let 's go . Why do I have to go in there ? Because we 're out of milk . And because you haven 't left the house in over a week , And you can 't just stay inside Watching old movies all the time . Look at all those people , peter . What if I get lost again ? What if he 's in there ? Walter ... He 's not in there . And I promise you I will never let you get kidnapped again . Okay ? No . No . I 'm learning to appreciate cowardice . The lion had a point . The lion ? The cowardly lion . But again , that was just a movie . And there 's no flying monkeys inside the grocery store . [ cell phone rings ] [ sighs ] hey . Hey , can you be ready to go in half an hour ? Why ? What 's up ? Three dead cops and a missing kid . Doesn 't really sound like our kind of case . Yeah , well , wait till you hear about the kid . [ police radio droning ] [ camera clicking ] ( broyles ) john pekarsky was the senior trooper On duty last night . He uploaded his report to the state police database Sometime after 9 : 00 . According to the coroner , Pekarsky and the other two troopers on duty Were dead within the hour . And the kid ? He was gone . I think whoever did this was coming for him . They didn 't leave any kind of trail . We haven 't found a single print or shell casing . And they took the surveillance hard drive . But there was a picture of the kid ? Pekarsky uploaded it along with his report . I saw a boy who looked like this once . He was young , like this child , And he played the banjo , I think . It was a haunting melody . [ singing melody to dueling banjos ] [ singing melody to dueling banjos ] yes . ( walter ) you saw it too . Yes , I did . It 's a movie , walter . It 's called deliverance . We saw it together . Probably not the same boy . According to his report , This kid looked completely normal When pekarsky picked him up . Agent broyles , we found something You might want to take a look at . We found it in their files . There are 30 or 40 reports in there . Strange stories about these deformed people . Well , some of these are 30 years old . " I saw him change in front of me . Suddenly he was hideous . " Like trooper pekarsky reported . " misshapen and deformed . It looked like a cousin of bigfoot . " That 's clearly wrong . This boy bears no resemblance at all to a sasquatch . Or a yeti , for that matter . Well , you don 't- - You don 't believe in those creatures ? Why shouldn 't I ? Just because no one has documented Flying monkeys or talking lions yet Hardly means they don 't exist . ( peter ) agent frug , My father 's a bit of a shock-doc . Don 't let him alarm you . All of these reports were dismissed . Thee was no cooperation and no hard evidence . But the vast majority of them occurred In the same area . Just outside edina . That 's where the boy was picked up , Walking out of edina . I guess that 's where we start looking . Dunham ... Whatever these things are , It seems like they 've managed to hide themselves for a while . And from the looks of things , They 'll do just about anything to keep it that way . Keep it in mind . Yes , sir . ( walter ) I don 't think this is a good idea . It 's okay , we 're just gonna ask a couple of questions . There may be werewolves in these hills . Werewolves ? Mm . That trooper reported that the boy changed In front of his eyes . So yes , I believe we may be looking For some kind of therianthrope . It 's greek . Refers to a creature that has a metamorphic ability To shift between being a man an a beast . It 's mythological , of course . I saw one once when I was a young man Studying in london . I was under the influence Of a fairly potent blend of hashish- - ( olivia ) guys , hang on a second . [ low hum ] do you hear that ? That buzz ? [ low hum ] [ humming prelude from carmen ] ¶ ¶ ¶ hard artichokes rarely keep ¶ ¶ norwegian elephants ¶ ¶ singapore sleep ¶ Hey , what- - what are you singing ? I have no idea . It just popped into my head . It must be that- - that buzzing . I--I can 't stop it . [ continues humming ] agent dunham ? Sheriff velchik . Hi . Thank you for meeting us on such short notice . Oh , of course . I couldn 't help but notice That you 've gotten acquainted with the edina hum . Yeah , what is that ? Military base , about five miles down the road . They have a bunch of big turbine generators That get pretty loud from time to time . Well , that 's one mystery solved . Why don 't we have some coffee . Maybe I can help you with the other . ( olivia ) so I take it you 've heard about what happened last night To the three troopers in jonestown . I understand that the perpetrators took a kid . Yeah . My god . You 've never seen anything like that before ? No . I 've never seen a photograph of ... One of them . Then you have heard the stories ? Of course . Telling those stories is A bit of a local pastime . You hear ' em all over this part of the state . Well , sheriff , this boy was picked up Just outside of your town . ( olivia ) and the state police have 30 or 40 Unconfirmed eyewitness reports . Oh , yeah , we get our fair share of sightings , But I 've never been able to confirm them . Nothing like this . Well , we 'd like to see those reports . Of course . Anything I can do . What is it ? It 's nothing . Joseph ? Federal agents came into the diner . They had a photograph of teddy . And they 're asking questions about the killings . [ whispering ] I told you that wasn 't the answer ! What choice did we have ? Well , what are we gonna do ? I don 't know yet . We didn 't get anything from the autopsies . Looks like the troopers were killed With 12-gauge shotgun blasts . But there 's probably a shotgun In every house in this part of the state . ( broyles ) you make a good point . You went through all the sheriff 's reports ? ( peter ) yeah , they 've had similar sightings , But nothing conclusive . Though sheriff velchik did mention A military base down the road . You floating another government conspiracy theory , mr bishop ? You know me , I never miss a chance For a good conspiracy theory . Okay , I 'll look into it . God , how far away is the hotel ? I 'm exhausted . I don 't know . It 's only supposed to be a couple more miles . Though somebody 's already decided to call it a night . Well , he 's had a big day . You got him out of the house he 's working a case . [ walter snoring softly ] I understand why he 's scared . But it just doesn 't seem like he 's able To snap out of it this time . It reminds me of how he was When we first got him out of st . Claire 's . I 'm worried that he 's starting to go backwards . I think he 's starting to appear No less normal than the rest of us . I ran into a guy from high school this morning . You should have seen the look in his eyes When I told him what I did . Like chicks with guns turned him on ? More like I was a freak . Like I had suddenly grown a third eye . [ chuckles ] You ever get the feeling that doing this job Just makes you less and less normal ? Absolutely . [ horn honking ] Olivia ! [ tires screech ] [ engine hissing ] [ groans ] Olivia . [ faint groan ] Olivia ! [ walter snoring ] [ car approaching ] [ car door shuts ] [ gunshot ] Are we there yet , peter ? Walter , get down ! [ gunshot ] You know , it 's generally pretty quiet in this area . Not much in the way of dead cops And feds being run off the road . But you think you shot it ? Maybe . I don 't know . But it was able to drive off . [ cell phone rings ] Yeah ? We 'll be right there . One of our agents just found an abandoned pickup truck On the side of the road about a mile from here . Back towards edina . Is that the vehicle ? I don 't know . It was heading straight for us . Could be . Do we have a preliminary ? No plates , no registration . We have a forensic team on the way . ( olivia ) we should have them run The truck 's vin number , See if you can track down an owner . Peter . Peter . What ? What is it ? ( walter ) the large blue . Isn 't she magnificent ! I 've never seen one this big on this continent . Look , olivia . I know a certain lepidopterist who will be simply thrilled . I have to get my kit from the car . [ walter humming prelude from carmen ] ( olivia ) peter , look . It 's blood . ( agent ) agent frug , over here . We got something . Careful , peter . ( frug ) you said you shot at the creature , right ? Yeah . Yeah . You sure you saw what you think you saw ? Agent frug , What happened here is simple . My son shot a beast . We found a man . Obviously the creature transformed in the interim . Peter , do you realize the significance of this ? We may have found a creature with metamorphic ability . ¶ hard artichokes rarely keep ¶ ¶ norwegian elephants ¶ ¶ singapore sleep ¶ [ humming ] There was no I.D. On the guy so we 're gonna run some prints . You had no choice . First time I killed someone , the guy was a trained killer . If I hadn 't pulled the trigger , I 'd be dead . I still didn 't sleep that night . Or the next . I 'm just saying the first time 's rough . Take the ramp down to the left . [ cow moos ] You 're good . Just follow the mooing . [ cell phone rings ] Dunham . Everyone okay there ? More or less . Thanks . I got a call from our military liaison . There 's something to the rumors Of military testing at edina . Turns out the army was there in the late ' 70s Conducting a series of classified experiments . Anything to do with metamorphic ability ? Not that I can tell . The pentagon files have been almost entirely redacted . I put a call into the d.O.D. , But in the meantime I 'm faxing what we have . Right down here . Just put it right here . Perfect . Thanks , fellas . [ fax motor humming ] [ beep ] Agent farnsworth , help me with my kit . I have to get to work , But there 's a wonderful specimen in there For my favorite fan of four-winged fauna . I think you 'll be quite tickled . ( olivia ) peter , look at this . The military experiment they did in edina Was called " project elephant . " Walter 's song . ( olivia ) walter ... Were you involved in any military testing In edina ? Not that I recall . I 'm sure I 'd remember something as exciting As human metamorphosis . Another one that won 't unzip . Ugh . Walter , it 's very sweet of you To remember how much I love butterflies , But you forgot how much I hate moths . What have you done to it ? Excuse me ? You saw it , peter . It--it was an astounding creature ! Nothing like this . It 's wing is deformed . Walter , if that 's your idea of a joke , It 's really not very funny . Aah ! ( walter ) oh , my . You 'll want to add some wild thyme to the jar , dear . It 's possible we could get the moth to transform back . It really was the most beautiful butterfly . I 'll believe that when I see it . Walter , I understand what you 're saying About the moth and the man transforming in the same way , But I just don 't understand how that could be possible . It 's likely that both developed the ability In response to the same experimental stimulus . Slide . You mean the military testing . Exactly . Well , why would the military be testing a butterfly ? A butterfly has two stages of life . It 's one of the few creatures with a demonstrated ability To abruptly change its body structure . That makes it a wonderful alpha test subject . That 's odd . What ? There 's no sign of histolysis or histogenesis . Nothing to suggest a metamorphic ability . I just don 't understand how he can possibly Have transformed himself . So we didn 't get a match on the fingerprints , But we did get a hit With the truck 's vin number . It was registered to joe falls . But the address on the registration was old . The house had been torn down years ago . But he was from edina ? Yeah . Joe falls ? He worked at the mill . Still does odd jobs now and then . You think that that thing that tried To run you off the road - you think that could be him ? It 's possible . There was no photograph on his file , So we haven 't been able to make a positive I.D. Do you have any idea where he 's been living recently ? The last I heard , He 'd moved to the outskirts of town . But I couldn 't say where . I mean , I 'm happy to ask around for you . We 'd also like to have a look at the town records . See if we can find a last known address or a photo So that we can I.D. Sure . I 'll take you over to town hall . Did you finish the analysis On the blood sample from the moth ? Yes , I did . It had some sort of genetic disorder . Ah , germline mutation . Just as I thought . This man has the exact same disorder . Is that what you think let 's them ... Transform ? No , the mutation is what makes them deformed . I have no idea what makes them transform . Walter ? It 's curious . I have this strange feeling That I 've seen this mutation before . [ humming prelude from carmen ] Please , not that song again . It 's giving me a headache . Ah , yes ... ¶ hard artichokes rarely keep ¶ ¶ norwegian elephants ¶ ¶ singapore sleep ¶ The testing at edina- - project elephant . I think that 's where I 've seen this mutation before . Maybe I did work on project elephant , Like agent dunham said . Hmm . So why did I put them into a song ? Mmm . Wait a second . Walter , what are the words again ? ¶ hard artichokes rarely keep ¶ ¶ norwegian elephants ¶ ¶ singapore sleep ¶ singapore sleep . Does " harkness " mean anything to you ? Harkness is a library at the law school . The song is a mnemonic , yes ? You must have done it on purpose , walter . Yes . So what 's at the law school library ? Come along , astrid . Let 's find out . There 's nothing in the housing records On a joe falls . There 's nothing in the tax records either . In fact , the whole " f " section is gone . Anyone whose last name starts with " f . " You can 't just walk in and check these records out . No , but you can steal them . Let 's check the federal records If you lived here , you must be on the census . ( walter ) this is it . I remember now . ( astrid ) walter ... What happened to you in edina ? You 're like a different person since you got back . I 've always found work to be restorative . When peter was sick , It was the only thing that kept me going . Amazing how it heals the soul . Oh , look . [ blows on box ] Devil dogs . I loved these . Walter , we can get you a fresh one . ( walter ) oh , my , oh ... They 're deformed . Just like that man in the lab . I understand now . There 's nothing on joe falls in 1990 . Anything in 2000 ? Uh-uh . Anything in there on the current population of edina ? Uh , 1,943 . It was on the sign . Why ? I don 't know , there 's just something strange About these census numbers . Between the years of 1990 and 2000 , 17 people died , 47 people were born . That 's the only change in the population . [ cell phone rings ] Sheriff . Uh , some of your tax files are missing . Uh , all of the section " f . " Including falls . I may know who 's responsible . The local tax collector said that falls had moved Out to the edge of town . He 's living in a trailer with his wife and his son . How old is the boy ? He said he was seven or eight . I 've got an address if you want to meet me . Yeah . That 'd be great . Thanks . We 'll see you there . [ indistinct conversations ] They don 't know anything . There 's nothing to worry about . It 's going to be fine . You 're wrong , paul . They found out . Rose , I know you have a special interest in this , But they don 't know anything . They have a photograph . They have proof . Others have come before . I 'm gonna take care of this . I 'll make it all go away . So the man and the moth Didn 't transform at all . No , no . No , this is something else entirely . In the late ' 70s , the army became obsessed With finding a new way to camouflage soldiers . They started experimenting With electromagnetic pulses . As their camouflage ? Oh , yes . The eye converts electromagnetic energy Into something the brain can understand . That 's how vision works . Well , the army thought that if they could generate A massive electromagnetic pulse , Then they could effectively scramble the optic nerve . And at the right frequency , make the soldiers invisible To the naked eye . And you consulted on this project ? Briefly . It was after I left that they realized That prolonged exposure to the pulse Has a horrible side effect . An incurable genetic disorder . And this moth and that deformed man Are the victims - or the children of the victims Of that experiment . So how does that explain their ability To change , walter ? Here , stop , stop , stop , stop . Stop here . Come . Come . Leave the lights on . Walter . Walter , what are you doing ? Ah ... What do you see ? I see the moth . Come here , please . Now what do you see ? A friend of mine once wrote that Sufficiently advanced technology Is indistinguishable from magic . How is it doing that ? It isn 't . The man and the moth don 't change at all . What changes is our perception of them . ( peter ) walter--walter , slow down . You 're saying that this electromagnetic pulse Allows us to see these deformed people As if they were normal ? Yes . Somebody must have perfected The military 's camouflage technology To hide the deformities That the first tests created . So then so long as we stay within the range of the pulse ... ( walter ) then these poor souls Appear totally normal . ( olivia ) so that 's the edina hum . That 's the sound that the pulse makes . Yes . Yes , I believe so . Walter , do you know who could have perfected this technology ? No , no . It would be extremely difficult . Apart from cobb , no one else would have the expertise . Cobb ? Who 's cobb ? Edward cobb was the scientist who dreamed up project elephant . He would be the only one with the imagination And the know-how . Listen , walter , I want you and astrid To head back home . But--but given my knowledge ... ( peter ) walter , listen to me . Somebody obviously has a lot invested In keeping this thing a secret . They 've killed three people already - - they tried to kill us . I don 't want to have to worry about you . Oh , well , that 's - that 's very sweet of you , son . ( peter ) I 'll see you back at hom What did peter say ? He wants us to head into town To try and find the source of the electromagnetic pulse . There 's been too much bloodshed already . It 's just making things worse . You got your boy back . Would you rather we 'd let them keep him ? You 're killing innocent people . It 's time to give this up . There are real consequences . Sure . There are real stakes here . That 's why you gotta let me do my job And keep this town safe . And you think that killing those federal officers Is the best way to put a stop to this ? It did the last time . That federal marshal a few years ago- - No one came looking for him , did they ? We 've all got jobs to do , rose . Stick to the machine . That 's your job . Walter ... What kind of device are we looking for ? Any number of things could transmit the pulse . A large capacitor bank . Some form of compression generator . What about a satellite dish ? They have them all over town . [ chuckles ] oh , no . Those are for television , dear . Given how little there is to do here , I imagine they watch a lot of it . [ chuckles ] What we 're looking for is something that could Relay the discharge from the microwave conversion Of large energy pulses . What about a- - a big antenna ? Yes , yes , that would do , I suppose . Something like that ? Well done , astrid . Are you sure we should just knock on the door like this ? ( walter ) " rose . " That was edward 's daughter . He used to carry her around the lab on his shoulders . ( walter ) oh , hello . Is your mother home ? No . Ah . But your mother is rose ? And your grandfather , His name was edward cobb ? Who are you ? I 'm walter bishop . Your grandfather was a friend of mine . May we come in ? Look , look . That 's edward cobb . And--and that 's rose . Mm . Do you have more recent pictures of your mother ? We don 't own a camera . No , of course . Cameras have no optic nerve . The photos would only show their deformities . You have to go . I 'm not supposed to have strangers in the house . Quite right . But may I use your bathroom ? You know my mother will be home soon . You should go . We will . First I 'll go , and then we 'll go . But where 's the bathroom ? Down the hall , second door on the left . Thank you . [ clears throat ] Is that operation ? Oh , I loved this game . Joe falls is in his 30s , So he 's too young to be one of the soldiers They tested in that experiment . Yeah , it would have had to have been his father . I guess folks with that kind of deformity Don 't tend to leave home . ( olivia ) you still stuck on that census data ? There 's just something weird about these numbers I went back 30 years , And it looks like the only time the population goes down Is when somebody dies . ( olivia ) what about when people move ? No , that 's just it . They don 't . Nobody ever leaves this town . Are you saying that you think they 're- - That everyone in edina is one of them ? Get down ! [ gunshots ] ( peter ) we 'll take cover in the barn ! Go ! Go ! [ low hum ] [ gunshots ] [ game buzzes ] ( astrid ) oops . My turn . [ chuckles ] I 'm going for the wishbone . [ metallic clank , hum fades ] ( walter ) oh , my . Easy ! Easy ! It 's just me . Drop the gun . I said drop the gun . [ shotgun pumps ] Go home , rose . ( rose ) the original pulse deformed the whole town . My father couldn 't live with himself afterwards . He couldn 't leave all those people like that . According to our files , your father resigned From his commission in 1979 . Yes . He came back to edina And worked tirelessly on his machine Until he perfected it . Then he offered the inhabitants a choice . A choice ? Live as you are , deformed , but free to roam the world , Or confine yourself to edina , Where the pulse will allow you to hide in broad daylight . And the people voted to stay . They realized the pulse would allow them to look Beyond the horror of their deformities And see each other for who they really were . They chose the only normal life they could have . ( peter ) and your father ? He chose to stay among you . He chose because of you , didn 't he , rose ? Last time I saw you , you were a little girl . A perfectly healthy little girl . My mother and I , we lived in edina . We were part of the experiment . Your father experimented on you ? No . The army never told him They were expanding the scope of the test . Rose , I remember your father fondly . He believed that invisibility would save lives . And he finally solved the problem . My father tried to create a good life for me here- - For all of us- - and he succeeded . [ car door shuts ] Dr. Bishop ? You can 't make this public , agent broyles . We need to let them keep their secret . Dr. Bishop , three state troopers were killed . And those responsible were brought to justice . But the rest of these people ... You have no idea what will happen to them . Dr. Bishop- - They will have no choice but to study these people . To examine them , to test them , to humiliate them . Dr. Bishop , did you find the machine ? The one that transforms them ? Please , agent broyles . These people have been harmed enough . We simply can 't- - dr . Bishop ... I don 't think you 're understanding me . If you didn 't find the machine , There 's nothing to report . Thank you . ( walter ) remarkable ... How rose was willing to expose her secret To right a wrong . How very brave of her . You did something brave too . The way you spoke up for those people- - You didn 't have to do that , walter . I 'm proud of you . I 'm glad you choose to see me the way you do . Very glad indeed .
