 [ orchestral music , birds chirping ] Okay ... color and sound check , Milton / Staller wedding . Linda , Neal . Hi , Mr. Staller . - Glad you could make it . - Good to see you . Hey , take it easy , Nana . There 's no hurry . You take it easy . This my regular speed . Everyone decent in here ? SHELLEY : Come on in , Mrs. Staller . Look who I brought , Shelley . This is how David can see you in your dress before the wedding without the bad luck . Oh ... You look stunning . Thank you so much for ... everything . I 'm so happy you 're joining the family . David is lucky to have you . Okay . I 'm crying now . [ laughing ] Let 's not film this part . No , no , no . Turn it off , turn it off . Whoa . Whew . It 'll calm him down . I didn 't think I 'd be this nervous . Oh ... happens to everyone , even me . And , uh , look how I turned out . [ sighs ] Lynn ... Who is that man ? I don 't know . Must be from Shelley 's side . [ strained breathing ] Just breathe , man . No , where 's your inhaler ? - Where is it ? - It 's here . Harry , just give us a few minutes ? Sorry . You 're all right . Just a couple minutes . - He 's okay . He 's okay . - He 's okay . It 's okay , it 's okay . I can safely say David is not going to run . So just , uh , everybody hang tight . He 'll be fine . He 's just had a little bit of a reaction ... It can 't be . It can 't be . NANA : It can 't be true . What 's wrong , Nana ? It can 't be . It 's him . LYNN : Nana , what are you talking about ? It 's--It 's him . [ sobbing ] You ! You ! ELIZA : Nana , what 's wrong ? LYNN : Nana , my God , what is it ? Oh , my God . Someone call 911 . [ coughing ] LYNN : Josh ! Sweetheart ! [ guests choking , screaming ] My God ! What is happening ? " The Bishop Revival " Agent Dunham . Detective . Burt Manning . We spoke on the phone . So has anyone touched anything ? M.E. ' s inside . We put them in a holding pattern until you got here . It 's pretty bad . Do we have a final count on the victims ? 14 ... so far . I quite like weddings . Did I ever tell you about when your mother and I , God rest her soul , got married ? No , no , no . I think I missed that one . And try to stop driving with both feet . Walter , Walter ! She was so beautiful , Peter . So beautiful in white . I won 't deny I was never happier . I kept my tuxedo in the hope that one day I would have a son who would wear it . You could wear it on your wedding day . Yeah , you know , Walter ? Tuxedo styles change . Oh , nonsense . Purple never goes out of style . And the day may come sooner than you think . Do you think she 'll call me Dad ? Who ? Agent Dunham . [ laughs ] My guess would be no . Don 't look at me like that . She 's just what you need . Someone who can see right through you . Agent Dunham , don 't you look lovely today ? Doesn 't she look lovely , Peter ? You look lovely , Agent Dunham . Dr. Walter Bishop . How do you do ? Lose a bet ? It was either that or flying lessons . Swelling of the vitreous humor . PETER : Mm-hmm . Petechial hemorrhaging . Yeah , not to mention the blue skin . It 's definitely asphyxiation . The airway 's clear . PETER : Yeah , same here . No fluid in the lungs . So all the victims that I 've identified so far are on the groom 's side . I mean , maybe they came in contact with something before the wedding . Anaphylactic shock . Maybe they 're all having an allergic reaction to something they ate or drank . That would be logical , if they were all exposed at the same time , I suppose . I 'll have the detectives reconstruct where they all were . We may find a connection . She was a Holocaust survivor . That 's dreadful- - To survive a thing like that ... and finish up like this . Walter , do you think this could be a deliberate attack ? I don 't know yet . All I know for certain is that these 14 people suffocated in a room full of air . There 's gotta be something they all ate or drank . There , maybe that . God , it 's hard to believe that a few hours ago this was actually a happy place . [ thumping ] OLIVIA : Oh , my God ! We need a medic on the second floor ! All right . He 's dropped his inhaler . Grab it . [ choking ] [ deep , choking inhale ] [ breathing ] [ indistinct conversations ] [ zipper opening ] WALTER : It 's curious . All 15 victims . So they 're all blood relatives , then . ASTRID : Yes . All of the victims are direct descendants of Eva Staller . Holocaust survivor . ASTRID : And anyone not related to her survived , along with one grandchild who I think might be illegitimate . Therefore , not a blood relative , or I suspect he would have perished too . Astrid , can you come here , dear ? What color is this ? The blood ? - It 's blue . - Good . Then I 'm not imagining it . Something has bonded with the hemoglobin in the blood , changing its color and robbing the body of oxygen . I believe these people literally suffocated from the inside out . [ deep breath ] Walter ! No , that might ... be what killed him . No , that kept him alive longer than the others . I suspect it temporarily weakened the toxin . That still leaves the how . How was the toxin delivered ? OLIVIA : Mrs. Staller , I understand that you were in charge of the guest list ? Did you notice anyone who shouldn 't have been at the wedding ? Someone who wasn 't invited . No . Of course , I don 't know the bride 's entire family . Although , my mother-in-law , she was very upset with someone before- - A man I had never seen before . I thought she was just having a moment . If we showed you the wedding video , do you think that you would be able to point him out ? I could try . It 's jasmine . Shelley picked out the scent . Represents happiness and love . Do you mind giving me a moment ? Of course . I 'll help you with the video . Thank you . She just said all the rest of the candles in this place are jasmine , right ? - Mm-hmm . - Smell that . This one 's cinnamon . [ long sniff ] And ? Patience , son . Just like when you were a little boy , your mother used to say you had ants in your pants . Put that in the spectrometer . Okay . That 's the man that Mrs. Staller identified . Can you make it clearer ? I can try . - [ keyboard clacking ] - [ noise ] Oh , that 's the best I can do . All right . Well , upload it to the joint law enforcement database and maybe we 'll get a hit . - All right . PETER : Walter . Come here . Take a look at this . Oh ... That is interesting . You were right . This is our toxin . Appears to be a variant of- - What is that ? Hydrogen cyanide ? The candle would suggest that it was activated by heat , and then dispersed into the air . Well , if it was in the air , how come it only killed some of the guests ? Good question . What ? Chemical weapons . Death by asphyxiation . The Nazis . WALTER : I knew this was familiar . The Nazis ? WALTER : The Nazis were scientific pioneers . They attempted to advance every branch of science- - Molecular bombs , flying saucers , eternal youth . Before DNA was even discovered , Josef Mengele wanted to create a weapon capable of targeting specific victims , a weapon capable of- - of picking people out in a crowd , just like what happened here . It seems that science may have finally caught up with Nazi ambition . Mrs. Staller was a Holocaust survivor . - Do you think that that 's- - - Relevant ? I don 't know , Olivia . Of course , I 'm not saying that this is the work of the Nazis . Nor suddenly am I convinced that this was just a murder . A wedding is the perfect laboratory . You have your target group , the Stallers , and you have your control group , everyone else . Are you saying that you think this was a science experiment ? It 's a theory . And one that I think I can prove . How ? A scientist always tries to recreate his results . If I 'm right , this will happen again . One soy latte , one orange juice , two yogurts . Say thank you , Jordan . Thank you . I 'd like a cup of tea , please . And , uh , make sure the water is very hot . Sure thing . What kind of tea ? Oh , I don 't know , uh ... You pick . Whichever is your favorite . Oh , and please ... Make sure the water is very hot . MOTHER : So do you like her ? Mrs. Greenwalt ? Yeah , she 's nice . But she always makes us take a nap after lunch . Well , maybe you need time to get your energy back . I think Mrs. Greenwalt is the one who 's sleepy . [ laughs ] She 's very smart , your daughter . Yeah , she is . Soon you 'll be outsmarting the teachers . Well , we 're already there . We 're talking about skipping her up a grade . Yeah , well , don 't be in too much of a hurry . These days are precious . Soon all you will have ... are pictures . Hmm , that smells good . Is that cinnamon ? Yeah . Something like that . Nine victims . Suffocated just like the wedding in Brookline . Except unlike the Stallers , none of these people were related to each other . PETER : Might have to rework that hypothesis , Walter . Maybe this toxin isn 't transmitted genetically . It 's just a theory , Peter . OLIVIA : Any surveillance ? No cameras inside or on the street . Could be why our suspect chose this place . No candles , I suppose . Not a single one . Hey , Walter , is there any other way that this toxin could be delivered ? WALTER : Any number of ways , I would think . Simply requires a heat source to disperse it into the air . What about a cup of tea ? WALTER : Oh , yes , thank you . Hmm ? Oh ! Oh , yes , yes , that would work . As long as the water was hot enough . Cinnamon . I want this cup dusted for prints immediately . OFFICER : Yes , sir . Right away . WALTER : Peter , can you help me ? That man there , what color are his eyes ? Brown . I was right after all . It is a targeted toxin . They all have brown eyes . That 's the common genetic trait . Check the survivors , but I 'm sure I 'm right . It 's a good thing you weren 't here at the time , Agent Broyles , or you would be dead too . OLIVIA : So first it was a family . Now it 's people with brown eyes . Why is he targeting these people ? You said you think it 's an experiment . So what- - He 's just killing these people to prove that he can ? Perhaps . I 'm going to drive us back to the lab . I think I have an idea . Walter ... Why don 't I drive ? An idea about what ? I don 't know yet . Excuse me , officer . That man over there . He 's named Bischoff . You mean Dr. Bishop . Dr. Bishop . Did you need something ? No , I 'm just trying to place him . He looks just like his father . [ door slams ] Oh ! Is that the teacup ? Yeah . But , uh , they could only pull a partial print , so no good to run through any databases . Oh . That 's unfortunate . But you are just in time . Just in time for what ? Show and tell , apparently . - [ claps twice ] - [ light switches off ] This is a molecular model of the toxin . This blue portion , that 's the deadly part . This red part , that ... that 's the targeted group . Um , in the first instance , the Staller family- - Agent Farnsworth ? And in this instance , people with brown eyes . Because he can program the toxin to target whatever group he wants . Any group with- - common physical characteristics or genetic similarities , yes . Um , tall people , short people , fat people , skinny people , black people , brown people , or white people- - Hey , Walter . We get it . Oh ... well , anyway , whoever created this was apparently proud of his work . Although I don 't know why he should be , I mean- - Apart from the genetic targeting , the toxin itself is quite rudimentary . It 's a blend of chromium trioxide and hydrogen cyanide . Chromium trioxide ? PETER : That 's highly regulated . If this guy was buying it in any quantity ... OLIVIA : Astrid , can you- - Dig up any companies that deal with chromium trioxide . So , Walter , what were you saying about him being proud of his work ? Ah . [ mutters ] See this ? That 's a carbon chain . It 's inert . It 's the signature of the creator . Some chemists spell out their initials in molecules . Others create a symbol . Are you saying that we may be able to identify whoever made this ? Well , yes , but this could be anybody 's . Well , it looks like a stylized " S " , or a snake . Actually ... looks more like a sea horse to me . Heh , heh , a sea horse . I suppose it could- - What is it ? Die seepferdchen . The sea horse . I know who created this toxin . PETER : Hey , Walter . Wait , Walter ... What 's going on ? They called him " the sea horse " because he was a great swimmer . PETER : Okay , good for him . But who is he ? My father . Dr. Robert Bishop . Wait , wait , wait , your father ? I told you these were Nazi experiments . My father was a scientific pioneer at the University of Berlin . Yes , I know , who came here in 1933 , which is long before the Nazis ever took power . It was 1943 . Given the nature of his work , I fudged the date a little . Walter , what are you telling me ? That my grandfather was a Nazi ? Technically , yes . Actually ... he worked as a spy for the Allies , sabotaging German research and- - and smuggling scientific information to the Americans . I ... I knew I recognized the experiment . I must have seen the formula in one of my father 's books . Put this there . Walter , are you saying that you think your father helped develop the formula for this toxin ? It would seem so . But of course , at the time , it was just theoretical . DNA itself was theoretical . That formula has to be here somewhere . These are all of my father 's favorite books , first editions of Goethe , Thomas Mann- - And you 're sure that all those notes were hidden inside of German novels ? Oh , yes . Yes , it was the only way he could smuggle them out of Germany when he left . You 're not gonna find those books in there . WALTER : Oh , no , no . They will be here . These are all the books in my library . No , they won 't . Walter . They 're not in there . I sold those books . All of them . About ten years ago . You sold them . Why ? I needed money . Money ? They were my books . He left them to me . He knew how dangerous they were . The odds that this case has anything to do - with your father 's work- - - The very thing that he was trying to stop , you put back into the world . We don 't know that for sure . Yes , we do ! Of course we do . How else would whoever is doing this have gotten hold of the formula ? And because I failed to protect it , my father 's work is killing people . [ police sirens blaring ] BROYLES : So the killer is using a toxin based on a formula created by Dr. Bishop 's father ? PETER : Just another skeleton in the Bishop family closet . It 's in a book I sold . So the formula is very complex . We believe that the killer must have found it in one of the books . If we can trace the books , then hopefully we can find him . Then do it . Quickly . Okay . We 'll find those books . MARKHAM : Come on , Bishop ! You sold me those books , like , ten years ago . How am I supposed to know where they are now ? Because , Markham , you 're exactly the kind of fastidious packrat who keeps a handwritten log of every book he 's ever sold . Such a way with words . How is it that a beautiful lady like you is stuck with this guy ? Uh , it 's my job . Well , I got plenty of books on how to rethink your career . What color is your parachute ? ... Do what you are ... That 's thoughtful of you . I really need you to find out who it was who bought those books . Whoever did may be in the midst of a killing spree . Hmm , sounds serious . Give me a minute , I 'll see what I can find . What ? You didn 't really sell Walter 's books for money , did you ? Walter 's got heaps of valuable stuff . Why did you just sell his books ? PETER : It was a long time ago . Walter was still in St. Claire , so I wasn 't exactly very fond of him at the time . Those books were amongst his favorite possessions . And no , to answer your question , I 'm not proud of it . MARKHAM : They were sold last year . The name I got is Eric Franko . Lives over in Kendall Square . He struck me as a real weirdo . Coming from you , that 's saying something . I owe you one . [ orchestral music playing ] [ knocking ] Doesn 't look like he 's here . Well , why don 't we just poke around for a bit ? [ keys rattling ] Freeze ! FBI ! Get down on your knees . Don 't shoot me . Please don 't shoot me . FRANKO : I 'm not a Nazi . I 'm an artist . It 's about the banality of evil , uh , like the Nuremberg trials showing history 's tyrants as these regular schmucks . That 's deep . Where are the books you bought from Markham ? The German novels . The ones with all the creepy stuff inside . The Alice in Wonderland meets the , uh- - The evil Nazi experiment ? Well , you 're looking at one of them . Uh , so what do those books have to do with the FBI ? It 's a long story . So none of these have ever been displayed . You 're the only person who 's ever seen them . Sadly , the , uh , contemporary art scene has yet to , um- - [ clears throat ] fully recognize my particular contributions . I 'd like to get these books back- - or what 's left of them . I 'll pay you whatever you had to pay for them . Yeah , yeah . Sure , sure , uh ... It 's gonna take me a while to , uh , dig them all up , uh ... But you should also know the collage is for sale . Or I could donate it . Your grandfather was a fan of modern art . But I don 't think he would have appreciated this . I 'm sorry , Walter . Apology not accepted . Of course , this means the perpetrator didn 't get the formula from the books . No , we don 't see how he could have . Then how on Earth did he recreate the formula using my father 's signature , no less ? No match on the killer 's DNA , Walter . Great . More bad news . Wait , I don 't understand . His DNA ? Where did you get his DNA ? ASTRID : Dr. Bishop was able to get some from the partial fingerprints- - From the skin cells in the oil . That 's pretty amazing . WALTER : Not my best work , I 'm afraid . The telomere degradation suggested that the man was over a hundred years old , which is fascinating , but not a likely possibility . Hey , Walter , you said this toxin could be programmed to target - any genetic trait , right ? - Yes . Well , could it be programmed to target more than one ? Say , green eyes and brown hair at the same time ? Yes , I suppose it could . What are you thinking ? Das herrenvolk . The master race . The Nazis ' ultimate goal . The purification of the German people and the white race . So Nazi science for a Nazi agenda . All of Hitler 's dreams in one little toxin . [ dog whimpers ] Hey ! What are you doing there ? I 'm conducting a test .. To monitor the dispersion rate of my experiment . Please ... you can watch . [ gas whooshes ] [ dog barking ] [ rat squeaking ] Walter . What are you doing to those rats ? Killing them . Well , hopefully only the white ones . I thought you were trying to block the toxin . I am . But I have to replicate it before I can figure out how to stop it . Uh , Astrid couldn 't find any companies that purchased chromium trioxide within the past six months . But our EPA contact suggested we search for sodium chromate ? Of course . It 's a sister compound . You treat it with sulphuric acid , you get chromium trioxide . Okay , well , here are three local buyers . Do you recognize any of them ? Those two- - Pharmaceutical companies . This one I 've never heard of . PETER : Shipping address is 3340 Eastham Road . Newton , Mass ? That 's a residential address . Uh , sir ? It 's Dunham . Uh , I think we have a location . [ orchestral music playing ] Are we clear , Agent Doble ? The air is safe . We 're good ! All clear ! [ indistinct chatter ] [ door creaking ] Makes your lab look downright homey . WALTER : Schwarzes haut , ( Black skin ) braunes haut , ( brown skin ) grune augen ... ( green eyes ) PETER : Genetic traits . Eye color , hair color , skin tone- - It 's the works . Creating the master race by process of elimination . OLIVIA : Guys ? I think I found something . Looks like he was making some kind of I.D. Walter , this is your sweater . Walter ? [ choking ] Walter ! Oh , Walter . Get him out of here ! We need some help downstairs ! We need that oxygen , now ! - Oxygen ... - Yeah . Breathe ... Just breathe , Walter . Breathe . Breathe . Walter , how are you feeling ? You got me out just in time . I 'd like my sweater back . We 'll work on that , Walter . Walter , why did he go after you ? I don 't know . Perhaps he knew my father betrayed the Nazis . Were you able to get that photo to Broyles ? Yeah . He 's sending it out wide . I also found this . I know that logo . I have to check the contents of the box . Of course . [ clicking and warbling ] [ clicking and warbling ] All right , go ahead . It 's the annual World Tolerance Conference at the Boston Center for Performing Arts . Do you know who he 's planning to target ? PETER : No , with that broad a spectrum of genetic markers , the target group could be anybody . We need to evacuate the building . I 'll call the head of security . But there are any number of foreign dignitaries at that conference , so we need to follow protocol . That 'll take time . We may not have it . There are many difficulties , but we must continue to confront discrimination and uphold the rights of the oppressed . The theme of this year 's conference , " Individual and Cultural Rights , " was not chosen lightly . This organization has a proud tradition of upholding both human rights and cultural diversity . Yet these goals , at times , may appear difficult . Together , we are committed to the promotion of tolerance . ASTRID : Walter ? Whenever you 're ready , I 'll ... take you home . No . I want you to take me to the Performing Arts center . I can stop this . OLIVIA : Okay . We 're looking for the man , or the mechanism . It 's going to be something hot : a candle , a coffee urn ... FBI . So ... now , remember , he could be anywhere- - On the floor , on the balconies ... Anywhere . Peter , there 's a candle on every table . PETER : I know . They 've been burning for so long . There 's no victims . He must be using something more potent . Walter , the conference is this way . No , Astrid . We need to take the higher ground . OFFICER : I got nothing . - Nothing here , either . Keep circulating . SPEAKER : ... A difference of values , of religions , and of lifestyles . We must take great care , lest our advocacy become its own form of oppression , One that unjustifiably takes sides . PETER : Olivia , I 'm in the bar . It could be anything back here . Candles , coffee pots- - It 's a disaster . Hold on a second . Peter ? - Whoa ! - [ lighter switches off ] Let 's hold off on those for one second . I think I got it . [ coughing ] We are united by a common- - [ breaking glass and coughing ] Where 's the victim ? FBI . Everybody , move ! Please . Make room ! Make room . I said move ! Get outta my way ! I need a paramedic ! [ coughing ] Bischoff ! Traitor ! BROYLES : Dr. Bishop . Yes , Agent Broyles ? What you did tonight- - Was to use the killer 's DNA to target him and only him using his own toxin . If you plan to press charges , then so be it . But I don 't regret what I did . [ sighs ] Good night , Dr. Bishop . Olivia ... That man ... He--He corrupted my father 's work . I understand . No , no , it was more than that . You see , family is very important to me . There 's nothing I wouldn 't do . [ door closes ] What 's this ? It 's a present . Your father 's work . I had Franko give me everything that wasn 't totally destroyed . Oh , look , Peter . It 's your grandfather . Robert Bischoff ? That was his name . He changed it when he came over here . Your mother always said that you shared his noble brow . It 's a pity you never got to know him . You two would have gotten along very well , I think . You know , there is still one thing that doesn 't make any sense . If the formula for the toxin didn 't come from your father 's notes , how did this guy get it ? Hmm . Perhaps there are some mysteries that are destined to remain unsolved . Thank you for bringing these back .
