 Hey , how 'd your date go last night ? It depends , if a guy bites his cuticles and then swallows them , does that make him a cannibal ? Because then I had an exciting date with a cannibal and not a boring evening with a guy who has a disgusting habit . Zing-bang ! I 'm getting an award . Bang-zoom ! I 'm getting a muffin . Every year the Veridian charitable foundation honors someone who 's been outstanding , and this year , they 've chosen me . For what ? - For being outstanding . - For being outstanding at what ? I 'm getting an award . You realize , as an honoree , you 're gonna have to raise - a bunch of money for the foundation ? - I know . That 's the part I 'm dreading . Linda , you do it for me . Huh . That wasn 't so bad . Before I agree to do something I have no choice in , do you even know which charity Veridian 's giving the money to ? I 'm getting an award . Teddy ! Billy ? What are you doing here ? Hey . I 'm in town for a couple days . I thought we could grab a bite . Hey , are those fresh nuts ? Booyah ! Oh ! Hello , ladies . Don 't be alarmed . I 'm Ted 's big brother . You okay , buddy ? Huh ? Oh , you gonna barf ? It 's okay if you do . - No one will judge . - Help me up . Oh , right . Right . So you can viciously do to me what I so lovingly did to you ? No . I 'm not gonna do anything . I 'm not a jackass like you . This is where I work . Oh . - Right . - Sack attack ! Yeah ! Yeah ! - Excellent . - I totally got you . I totally got him . Yes it was masterful , like watching a chess game . Hey , Ted , I can 't find Rose , and I 've looked for her everywhere . - I 'm upside down ! - Well , I know one thing for sure ... wherever she is , she 's right side up . No , I 'm not . Well , until we find her , we 're gonna have to just use this spare Rose that we got growing out of your back . - Oh , come here . - What ? That was fun . I 'm gonna go see if it made me any taller . Hey , it 's great having you around . Yeah . You know , Rose doesn 't have a lot of family here . Oh , relax . I 'm not setting you up . So how long can you stay ? I don 't know , a couple of days . I heard there might be a job out in Fresno , selling baby-proofing kits . Apparently , they 're having problems with babies breaking into homes out there . What happened to selling boxes ? And ... and could you please stop - holding mom in front of your crotch ? - Well , I kind of had a falling-out with my boss 'cause I kept sleeping with his wife . It 's a real shame , too , ' cause I sold boxes - even better than I sold attack dogs or fatty scooters . - Aw , man , you 're a great salesman . I was kinda hoping that job would stick . Hey , what if I got you something at Veridian ? Seriously ? Man , I 'd love that . Plus , I 'd get to hang here for a while . Yeah , Rose and I would like that , too . I love you , bro , but not like in a brotherly way . No , it 's all about the sex for me . Don 't pretend you don 't want it . You 've been thinking about it all night , like I have . - So I 'm coming in for a kiss . Don 't try and fight it . - Oh , you 've definitely picked up my signals . Why don 't we just skip right to second base ? Where 's your mommy now , huh ? Aw , too easy ! Ted , the next morning , I asked Veronica if she thought it 'd be possible to get Billy a job at Veridian . - I 'm getting an award . - When I finally got Veronica 's attention , she told me Veridian wasn 't hiring , so I talked to Lou , - the owner of the company that sells us our lab supplies . - I don 't know , Ted . I got an idiot brother of my own I 'm not giving a job to . - Billy 's not an idiot . He 's a really good salesman . - Actually , Ted , I 'm a really good salesman . I just figured out a way to sell Veridian 3,000 beakers I 've been having trouble getting rid of . So I got Billy can job selling lab supplies . And you know that saying ... " you can never have too many beakers " ? Well , it 's not a saying , and now I know why . Hey , Lonnie . Great job on that presentation . Have a beaker . No , thank you . - I didn 't know Ted had a brother . - I did . I did all that research when I dressed up as Ted for Halloween last year . Did you know - his great-grandfather was a cattle wrestler ? - You mean rustler . No , wrestler . He used to go from town to town - fighting livestock for beer money . - I had an aunt who fought a cow for beer money once . - The cow never forgave her . - Oh , they 're very unforgiving . - What are they doing ? - Oh , it 's just how they process information . Anyway , fellas , so Billy is the new rep for the company that supplies our lab equipment . Anything you need , you go through him . - And this is the latest catalog . - Oh , you dropped something , Theodore . Pick it up , Theo-dorable . - I 'm not picking it up , Billy-has-a-little-Willy . - Oh ! - What are they doing ? - That 's just how they process emotion . Run , dummy . It 's getting away . All right , I 'll see you at home later . Don 't be late . I 'm making lasagna . All right . Please don 't hurt us . We 're not like you . No , I 'm not gonna hurt ya . Okay , so , uh , what kind of stuff you guys need ? Nothing currently . We 're pretty careful with our resources . Although we once meant to buy 6 4-inch Petri dishes and instead bought 4 6-inch Petri dishes . It was crazy how slightly bigger it was than we needed . Ahh ! Uh , okay . You guys need to loosen up a little , so I am gonna take you to a very exclusive club . We 're gonna have a drink , talk about lab supplies . Well , we can 't leave work-in the middle of the day . We 're not Somali pirates . You know , if you get little crazy once in a while , you stop being scared of living your life ... That 's when things get interesting . I have always harbored ambitions of being slightly more pirate-like . And we did look pretty cool with those eye patches when we both had pink eye . Okay , Ted 's brother , we 're in . I did a little research on the charity - the Veridian foundation is giving the money to . - Why ? - Because I wanted to know where the money was going . - Why ? - Because I wanted to make sure it was a good cause . - Why ? Because I don 't have a debilitating personality disorder that keeps me from caring about anything . - First of all , it 's not debilitating . It 's liberating ... - The money is going to a great charity that provides female mentors for underprivileged girls , preparing them for leadership positions . - Ha ! Your consciousness has been raised , lady . - That sounds wonderful . - Ugh . I hate it when you mock me . - I 'm serious . And when you mock me for pointing out - that you 're mocking me . - I 'm not mocking you . And when you mockingly insist you 're not mocking me . Seriously , this is actually a cause I can relate to . A female mentor would have been very valuable for a young Veronica , who was bursting with potential , yet vulnerable , like a fawn in the woods , but tough , like a fawn in the woods with a machine gun . So you 're saying you , or this terrifying , murderous fawn , could have used some guidance ? Yes , we would have liked that . You and I are gonna raise more money for this charity than it 's ever raised before . The forest will run red with the blood of woodland creatures who doubted little Veronica and will now pay with their furry little lives . There 's really no middle ground with you . Either you don 't care at all or you care 100-and-crazy % . What else is there ? Now saddle up , Linda , and say good-bye to common sense . Final call . Flight 25 now departing ... Wow . I 've heard about clubs like these at airports , but I always thought you had to be an admiral to get in . Well , look around , boys . Full bar , cheeses , nuts ... and it 's all free . Welcome to Shangri-La . This place is amazing . I never want to leave . - We should go . - We have to go . Oh , my God . There 's a pilot . That guy 's a hero . Fine . We 'll go over , give him one salute , then leave . - If we 're gone from work too long , we 'll get in trouble . - Ah , so what if you do ? So someone gets mad at you . Who cares ? You know what I do when someone gets in my face ? I tell ' em to deal with it . " Deal with it . " God , that 'd be a cool thing to say to somebody sometime . Why not today ? Why not right now ? - Hey , you , deal with it . - Yeah , deal with it . I 'm getting me a damn cube of cheese ! Can we take our pants off in here ? Easy . I have to justify to accounting buying so many beakers . But I 'm helping my brother get his life back on track , and now people will know how many milliliters of pencils they have . Oh , excuse me . And ... they make great coffee mugs . Surprise . I got you guys 600 beakers . I was thinking you could use them for beakers . What 's that ? - Just a bag full of something . - A bag full of what ? - Just a 62-year-old white male . - We bought a cadaver from your brother , Ted . - Deal with it . - Yeah , deal with it . For God sakes , why would you buy a cadaver ? Well , we were being all boring and ordering stuff we needed when we decided to grow a pair and do something totally loco , - so we bought it . - No , not " it . " " It " implies one . - Oh , man . What did you guys do ? - Thanks to Billy , one of these will arrive every month . That 's right , once a month they send us a new cadaver , - whether we 're finished with the old one or not . - And what are you geniuses gonna do when dead bodies start stacking up in here ? We 're gonna deal with it , Ted , - just like you 're gonna deal with it . - Yeah , everyone 's dealing with things now , Ted . Mm-hmm . Well , I gotta go yell at Billy . And I know you guys . Don 't name that corpse , because it 's going back . So who are we hitting up next ? We 're at Fleming in marketing . We 're gonna get 500 bucks from this mutt . - Can I be the bad cop this time ? - Linda , I 've seen you smile when you cry and skip when you 're upset . I don 't think that 's a good fit . Hey , Brett . Can I get you anything ? Are you comfortable ? Of course he 's comfortable ... comfortable being a sack of crap - who doesn 't give a damn about girls who need mentors . - Veronica and I are raising money for a very good cause . - We left you that brochure , but you never got back to us . - Shut up , Brett . - I didn 't say anything . - Oh , that 's rich . We 're gonna need $ 10,000 from you . $ 10,000 ? That 's ... that 's ... that 's crazy . Crazy ? What 's crazy is Gina Morales not having an experienced businesswoman to help her write a letter to get into college . That 's what 's crazy . Whoa , Veronica , easy . Gina 's problems aren 't entirely Brett 's fault . You need to cool off . Fine . I 'll go get 200 milliliters of coffee . I 'm sorry . It 's just ... she loves those damn kids . Look , you 're a nice guy . Let me try to talk Veronica into taking just 500 bucks . - Oh , man . Would you do that ? - Yeah . But if you tell anybody I did you a solid , I will tear off your head and tinkle in your skull ! I 'm just kidding . But , yeah , I 'm dangerous . Billy , you here ? Yes , and we have company . I invited the lobsters for dinner . But don 't say anything . I plan on killing and eating them . We are celebrating . - I racked up some great commissions at work today . - Uh , yeah , a ... about that , Lem and Phil ... they don 't need a year 's supply of cadavers or even one . Oh , wow . I don 't know if it 's returnable . Well , it 's ... it 's ... it 's not like we used it or anything . - I mean , it still has that new-dead-guy smell . - Oh , yeah . It 's ... it 's just that my boss was so impressed . But , hey , if it 's a problem for you , - I 'll just tell him that he 's gotta deal with it . - Yeah . Well , bosses love hearing that . Daddy ! Uncle Billy bought me a bunch of presents . And best of all , he said he might live here for a while . Oh ! Now hold on . That 's only if the job works out . Hey , listen . Forget about returning that thing we were talking about . I 'll figure something out . - Yeah , yeah . Are you sure ? - Yeah , yeah , yeah . I don 't want to reject your body . You got enough of that from every girl in high school . And , dad , watch this . Hey , uncle silly . Come here , you ! Oh ! I convinced Lonnie , the odd guy who works in the oddly cold computer room , to keep the cadaver for a while . It might be a little creepy at first , but the cadaver will get used to him . Hi . So you must be from that charity that the Veridian foundation 's working with . Yes . We 're going to visit the honoree , Veronica Palmer . Some of the girls are a little nervous . They 've never been in a big , corporate environment before . Oh , don 't be afraid . Just don 't go to the fourth floor . That 's where we keep the monster factory . I 'm just kidding . But , seriously , stay clear of the fourth floor . Ted , I was just coming to see you . There 's a new rule in the computer room . They just came up with it today ... " No dead bodies in the computer room . " can you believe it ? You bought those leather pants you 've always wanted . My wife doesn 't know I 'm not at work . Is there any rule we haven 't broken ? These pants make my legs feel so cool . I can 't believe my lower half 's letting my upper half - hang out with it . - Hey . The people over at the beverage station - are pissed ' cause you guys drank all the pineapple juice . - Deal with it ! Deal with it ! So let 's order some ridiculously expensive lab equipment - we 've never had the nerve to buy before . - Uh , maybe we should just stick - with the stuff you guys need this time . - If we stuck with the stuff we needed , - I never would have bought these fiercely uncomfortable pants . - And I wouldn 't have squeezed ten cubes of cheese into a ball and eaten it like an apple , which I should not have done , but I am dealing with it . I just had a disturbing conversation with Mrs. Boudreaux from the girls charity . Apparently Ted threw a dead body at her . - Oh , my God ! - Well , that 's not the disturbing part . In fact , I find that part deeply funny . What 's disturbing is , the Veridian foundation keeps 95 % of the money we raise - and only gives 5 % to the girls charity . - Really ? That 's horrible . We need to talk to Mr. Page , the head of the foundation . It 's time for this fawn to strap on a machine gun , - spread its wings and fly . - Okay , what exactly do you think a fawn is ? The purpose of the Veridian foundation , girls , is to let the world know of the good works Veridian does . So you spent 95 cents of every dollar telling the world about the other 5 cents ? If thousands of trees are clear-cut in the forest and nobody hears about it , did it really happen ? Of course it did , sugar , and people always find out about it , so what we need to do is publicize the occasional good thing the company does - so that people are aware of how wonderful we appear to be . - This isn 't about some stupid trees . These girls are living , growing things , and you 're trying to hold them back . Gina Morales ! Hey , Mr. Page . - Can I get you anything ? Are you comfortable ? - We 're not doing that . You 're gonna give everything we collected to that charity . People suffered for that money . We were awful . You know what 's funny ? We raise money to help little girls enter the business world , and when they finally do , they still act like little girls . I 'll need the donations you 've collected by tomorrow . Now if you 'll excuse me , girls ... No . We 're not done here . This woman opened her heart , and that happens so rarely , you could hear the hinges squeak . - I will not let you slam that Rusty heart door shut . - Go , Linda . Release your anger . You will not crush this woman 's spirit and love , you spineless , condescending bureaucrat . Good , Linda . Only your hatred can destroy him . You , sir , are a bad egg . Yes ! Now strike ! Wow . Where did that come from ? I am a good mentor . Okay , I need you guys to lower the temperature in here . - Watch this dude until I figure out what to do with him . - And you need to put more money in our lab supplies account . - What did you do ? - We bought a small family of robots . - And a large wind tunnel . - We want to see how long it takes to drive robots crazy with wind . Deal with it , deal with it ! Okay , how 's this ... what if I tell Veronica that you 've burned through the company 's money , she notifies H.R. , they open an investigation , and you guys lose your job ? Does that count as " dealing with it " ? My legs are completely numb . Only the tightness of my pants is holding me up . I think I feel that cheese apple making its way North . Billy , call me . It 's about Lem and Phil . And you shouldn 't say " doody " so many times - in your outgoing message . What if mom calls ? - Ted , we need your help . - Ted , we don 't need your help . - Guys , I 'm kind of in the middle of something . - My brother has pushed Phil and Lem off the rails . - I went crazy in a meeting - and headbutted the president of the Veridian foundation . - That wasn 't crazy . It was deeply funny . - It was kind of cool . His head made a " boop " sound . - Boop . After that , we were so pumped up ... and a little dizzy ... that instead of giving the foundation guy the money we collected , we drove down to the girls charity - and gave it all to them . - It was incredibly satisfying . Until we found out that collecting donations from people and then giving them to whoever you want is a class 2 felony . Well , look , why don 't you just go back to the foundation guy , tell him you got a little carried away and ... Oh , wait . You booped him . - Ding ! - Wah wah ! - Have you guys been drinking ? - Little bit . Please , Ted . I can 't go to jail . You have to talk to that foundation weasel - and ask him very nicely to let us off the hook . - Screw that . Tell him we 'll see him in court and then headbutt him . - Headbutt him hard . Crack that egg . - Okay , I will go try and straighten this out . While I 'm gone , I want you two to think about what you 'd rather have for Christmas ... a wind tunnel , a family of robots or a corpse . Screw those girls , man . Okay ? You know what ? They took my foundation money and they gave it to some stupid charity . Plus , they headbutted me . And then they poured themselves a nice little drink . And then the one with the bun on her head ... oh , she stood over me while she posed for a picture doing this . What the hell was that ? You better get the money back from the charity or they 're going to jail . Oh , you a lot of nerve coming in here , - Some nerve . Some nerve . - He did not like being headbutted and then posed over . Hey . Hey , man . I ... I got your message . Are you pissed at me ? Yes , Billy , I am pissed at you . I told you that I had a problem with you selling Phil and Lem stuff they didn 't need , - and you did it anyway . - No . I ... I held back , okay ? The robot family normally comes with grandparents , - but they 're sitting heartbroken back at the warehouse . - So I 'm supposed to thank you - for creating a huge mess instead of a gigantic one ? - Well , just say it , Ted . What 's your problem ? I have been cleaning up after you since we were kids , Billy . You bring home a stray possum , I 'm the one that has to walk it , which , by the way , is impossible because they play dead , - and you end up just having to drag it down the street . - I was gonna train it to drive a golf cart - so that we could be on " that 's incredible ! " - Yeah , but you didn 't . So I 'm the one that ended up with a weird pet that I have to take to college . Billy , I am still cleaning up after you . You can 't keep a job . - 3,000 beakers later , I got you one . - Yeah , which I 'm trying to be good at . - Isn 't that what you want ? - You know what ? I can 't even talk to you right now . Veronica and Linda are in real trouble with this jerk from the Veridian foundation , so now I gotta go clean up that mess . And by the way , do you know how many times I didn 't get laid in college because girls don 't like getting hissed at by a jealous possum ? Now I ... I know it 's not customary for ... for charities to give money back to their donors , but if you like helping girls , I know two who would really be helped if you returned all the money they gave to you . Do you know how crazy you sound right now , young man ? Crazy or really on to something ? Well , I just got told to go screw myself by a 60-year-old woman . Brought me back to when I was 10 when I asked grandma why her house smelled funny . - What are you doing here ? - Teddy , you are gonna kiss us . We got Veronica and Linda off the hook . - What ? - You said you were having a problem with that page guy from the foundation , so me and these two roughnecks - thought we 'd help you out . - We documented the whole thing . First we got the corpse ... Who we named " Roger . " I know you said not to name him , - but as you know , we haven 't been listening to you lately . - Then we put the corpse in the trunk of page 's car . - Oh , guys , no , no , no . - Uh , Roger did not want to get in at first . You know , he went all floppy , - like , " oh , no , don 't put me in there . " - Classic Roger . Then we put a nail in page 's tire and followed him after work . Eventually , his tire went flat , and he pulled over to change it . - Page went looking for his spare . - That 's when Roger leapt into action . - Page opened the trunk , and hello , dead guy . - Roger . Then like a textbook douche , he did what douches do ... rather then complicate his life for a single minute , he dumped the body by the side of the road . Then we followed him and showed him the pictures . - He agreed it 'd be better if they weren 't posted on the Internet . - And so he decided to look the other way with Veronica and Linda . - Unbelievable . - Just so you know , this was our last hurrah . Lem and I are done being crazy . When it starts out great ... all pilots and square cheese ... but ends up with you having to cut your friend out of skintight leather pants . I will not miss those . So ? Well , what you did was reckless and wrong . But ... it ... it worked . So ... thanks . Actually it felt pretty good to be the guy cleaning up the mess for a change . So are we okay ? Yeah , yeah , we 're okay . The Veridian foundation ... helping the world then telling people about it makes us feel so good . The Veridian foundation ... Ow ! I miss mugs . So Billy gave up lab equipment . He 's moving to Fresno with the woman who cuts the cheese at the airport lounge . We 'll all be having fun with that . And Veronica got the Pentagon to finance a study on how robots tolerate wind . $ 3 million later , it turns out , they don 't notice it . I appreciate you sticking up for me with Mr. Page . You 're tougher than thought , Linda . You 're like a fire-breathing , razor-back fawn . Oh , my God . This is a fawn . Oh . Then what was I thinking of ? Oh , a monster . That was it . I always confuse those two .
