 I always present choices . Where you can take the high-road or the low-road . This is Pete Gilroy . He runs others researches in develpment department . Petes a low-road guy . Is this anyone 's hoagie ? Anyone ? No . I asked . I , on the other hand , try to stay on the high road . Two ? But only paid for one . that 's it . Oh , almost ... There . Ted on his back , straining with effort ? there 's a mental picture I can call back later . That 's gonna hurt for a while . Hey , Ted . Strengthening your hand for that big date with yourself ? Nope , just practicing for later when I squeeze your mom 's boobs . I 'm not proud of that . I actually had a lovely conversation with Pete 's mom at the Christmas party . The mat and the vest are both magnetized . When a child puts on the vest and steps on the mat , the magnets repel each other , mang the child almost weightless , like an astronaut bouncing on the moon . Now every child can have hours of repulsive fun . Pete gilroy 's team is working on a similar system , and the company 's only gonna go forward with one . So we need to make damn sure that it is " the floater . " Yeah , that 's not such a good name . What about " the astro-nut " ? You know , because it 's crazy . Has waving your hands ever sold me on anything ? Remember " corpse-eating battlefield robot " ? No . What we have here is ... " The dream glider . " - That 's fantastic . - That 's fantastic . This technology also has a exciting military potencial . Imagine soldiers hovering above a magnetized battlefield . The Chinese won 't know what hit ' em . Oh , come on . We all know that war is coming . Can 't we develop one product that doesn 't end up being used to kill people ? Even our fat-free cinnamon roll led to that new sticky bomb . You 're so moral and perfect all the time . Do singing birds and mice dress you and brush your hair in the morning ? no . Although my dad does call me " princess , " and there is a grumpy dwarf in my building . Ted , we need your help . We were working really hard in the lab ... - And we had this pinata . - Pinata ? That doesn 't sound like really hard work . It was stuffed with science . And ... Pinata ! And now the thermostat 's broken , and we were wondering if you would tell the company so they 'll fix it . We 're worried if we report it , the coany will retaliate , like when I broke the flywheel and they canceled my gym membership . I mean , you remember how ripped I was gettin ' . Guys , you broke the thermostat . Just take the high road and report it . And , Phil , they canceled your gym membership because no matter what class you were in , you did jazzercise . But I don 't want to take the high road . It 's high . I agree . We could fall off . I can 't stand that Veronica makes fun of me in meetings . If the boss doesn 't respect me , other people won 't , including the little Linda in my head . And even on a good day , that bitch never shuts up . Veronica just has trouble relating to you . She thinks you always want to do the right thing . I don 't alway do the right thing . - Hey . - Hey , daddy . Hi , Linda . Hey , sweetie . Want to go smoke a cigarette in the bathroom ? See ? I can be bad . Don 't ever smoke , Rose . Every time you smoke a cigarette , Santa claus kills an elf . What , helping or hurting ? Because I can throw jesus into the mix . I think we 're good . Honey , you ready to go down to the hive ? The hive ? I thought you didn 't like veridian 's after-school care because they use the kids for free janitorial work - around the building . - Yeah . Well , the hive has changed . A lot of the executives kids go there now . So they teach music and Chinese , the weaknesses of the Chinese ... Chet just call . Oh , hi , Rose . You look fabulous . Have you lost weight ? I have been playing a lot of dodgeball . Well , it 's working for you . I 'm trying to teach Rose that it 's not all about looks . - She 's also very smart . - Smart enough to stay skinny . Anyway , Chet wants us to come up and pitch him the dream glider . Dream glider ? I know . It 's fantastic . Of course , lady pope over here thinks it 's immoral . I 'm no lady pope . I once slept with my cousin 's husband . They were breaking up , and I was really drunk . Oh , and don 't ever do that either , or the tooth fairy will put other people 's teeth in your mouth . I 'll meet you in Chet 's office after I drop off Rose . Come on , sweetie . Let 's go try to forget all the stuff that Linda said . Allowing a child of 80 pounds or less to hover , roll , spin or flip without ever leaving their home planet . We 'll see what testing says , but I 'm flipping for this . that 's funny , because you just used one of the words Ted just said . No , that 's great , guys . It 's a really good job . I do have one question . Um , are little boys gonna want to look like they have a set of boobies ? hey , Chet , my eyes are up here . wait , let 's see if I can get the ... the tassels going in ... in difrent directions . There we go . no , anyway , I think it 's a home run . Pete , why don 't you show Chet what our team has come up with ? It may not sexualize children , but we think that every kid 's gonna want to wear one of these . Lower center of gravity . Allows the kid to be even safer and jump even higher . Sure , they 're doing whatever they can to get out of that diaper . Zing ! Bang . Pete and i have a long history of trying to undermine each other . Solar paint . It absorbs the sun 's energy , cutting heating costs ... fantastic . I just ... I have one question . Uh , can you make the color look even more like barf ? maybe add some bits of chewed-up hot dog to complete the effect . zing , bang ! it 's a purification straw . Any water you drink through it , no matter how polluted , - becomes safe for consumption . - That 's a great idea . " No dessert , kids , until you finish drinking your sewage . " Bang , bang ! Occasionally , Veronica tried to get her licks in , too . Unfortunately , she took big swings but rarely connected . Hey , Pete , with your diaper , kids won 't have to stop playing to go to the bathroom . Hey , Pete , do those come in disposable , or do you have to wash ' em out each time ? - Veronica ... - Wait . I can do this . Hey , Pete , is it true that in space , no one can hear you poop ? Oh , come on . That was hilarious . I hate Pete . We need to crush that wanker , teach him not to mess with us anymore . I 'm sick of this war . It just hurts both our teams . We need to change tactics , figure out a way to get along with Pete ... you know , take the high road . I don 't take the high road , Ted . The high road leads to pansy town . Or maybe it ads to a more effective way of handling an adversary ... ville . You take your road . I 'll take mine . look at that thing . Somewhere , a naked sumo wrestler is looking for his pants . Damn it ! That 's fantastic . Hey , Pete ! Veridian Dynamics doing the right thing ... it 's important . What does it mean in business ? We have no idea . We know what wrong is . Actually , no , we don 't , because we 're a successful company , not some boring ethics professor ... Veridian Dynamics Right and Wrong . It means something . We just don 't know what . For guys who spend as much time thinking about boobs as we do , you 'd think we would have caught this one . hey , fellas . Man , it is hot in here . Yes , it 's very unpleasant . So you 've decided not to report the thermostat , huh ? You guys have more brains than a zombie Thanksgiving , and your genius plan is to do nothing ? We 're not doing nothing . Doing nothing is passive . We 're waiting , from the action verb " to wait ... " For someone who finds this heat so intolerable , they have to report it . Can I get you some hot tea or Mexican chiles ? For God sake , Ted , help us ! Hey , I 'm sorry , fell , but you made this bed . Now you gotta sweat in it . So I need you to look at Pete 's version of the dream glider . See if you can redesign it so it doesn 't look like a bathroom strapped to your ass . Why would we want to help Pete ? Or you ? Making us suffer like this . It 's a goodwill gesture . I 'm , uh , trying to make peace with Pete , you know , warm things up between us , get things cooking . Light a fire under our friendship . Sweaty , sweaty , sweaty , sweaty . Oh , I get it . Because zombies would eat brains for Thanksgiving . Oh ! That 's outrageous . you make no sound when you walk . Then I am ready to leave the monastery and avenge my parents . I 'm kidding . I just buy expensive shoes made from very soft animals . So I know you 're too much of a she-Gandhi to ever do anything wrong , but I need a person who will and thought maybe you could suggest someone - who 's not as ... - Me ! Yes , exactly . Not as you . No , I mean , I suggest me . I 'm not some scout girl . Well , you are eager and desperate for my approval . And that 's two of the three qualities I look for in a partner . I need someone who knows about testing and is willing to cheat to make sure Pete 's magnet pants test badly . Then you need me . As testing coordinator for our department , I totally know how to manipulate it . I mean , the testing process is so flawed anyway . Really , the whole thing is a bunch of garbage . I gotta go . Okay , bye , daddy . Bye , honey . I 'll be upstairs if you need me . Okay . Hey , Pete . What are you doing here ? Well , I come every afternoon for the juice boxes and story time . I have a daughter . What do you think I 'm doing here ? oh , so I see your daughter 's into those pioneer girl dolls that come with the books . Yeah . Your daughter collect those ? Only , like , all of ' em . We just got Ida mae . Oh ! Ida mae kills me . I know . The girl has rickets , and she still wants to teach her blind brother to square-dance ? I 'm gonna die if she doesn 't survive the typhus epidemic . Well , she 's a fighter . So , Pete , actually , I was on my way to see you . I had my guys make some adjustments on your magnet pants so they look less like something you 'd drop a deuce in . Yes , I get it . They 're diapery . Wait , what 's your game , crisp ? It 's just , we 've been attacking each other 's projects for years . I think it 's time we stop , you know ? Let our ideas live or die on their own merits . Yeah , right . You 're trying to glom on to my project because you heard it 's testing first . Wait . You 're testing first ? Oh , ho , ho , ho ! Ok at the big , saucer eyes . Like you didn 't know . You 're not testing for another week . That gives me huge momentum . By the time they test your boob vest , it 'll be dead . It 's not a boob vest . You 're a boob vest . look , that 's not what I 'm doing , anyway . - I 'm reaching out to you , dipwad . - Screw you , Ted . okay , fine . I was trying to be a grown-up , except for the dipwad thing . But I can see you 're not interested . So the gloves are off . Oh , by the way , Ida mae survives the typhus epidemic ... But then gets trampled to death by a Buffalo . You are a special kind of monster . So Pete 's project is testing today . I want to burn his diaper and salt the earth beneath it so no new product will ever grow there . Test groups are easy to manipulate . People always agree with the strongest voice in the room . All we have to do is get one charismac person and make sure that person is relentlessly negative , and then we 'll be puttin ' on a pair of brand-new happy hats . what is it like in there ? Actually , today is a pretty good day . So Pete 's product is gonna be tested by children . Then we have to find a charismatic child . We 'd like to check out Rose , please . Okay . It 's ready to go . Now all we have to do is get Patricia to touch it , and it becomes her problem . I called her . She 's on her way . Have you ever noticed how much of men 's lives are spent trying to trick women into touching something ? Ooh . Hey , guys . Uh , you wanted to see me ? Well , if you think it 's so damn hot in here , why don 't you turn down the thermostat ? I mean , hi , Patricia . You know , it is awfully hot in here . We like it hot . Keeps out the ... penguins . Yes . There 's a bunch of ' em back there that have been trying to get in . There 's no air in this room . It 's making you guys weird . What did you do , break the thermostat ? Yes . I barely touched it . Really , Patricia ? Is that how you 're gonna play it ? But I didn 't even ... we 're past that now . Now we 're on to how you 're gonna fix it . I can 't tell the company . They 'll put something in my food to make me infertile . They don 't do things like that or cancel gym memberships . Ooh . I guess I 'll just have to pay to get it fixed myself . Really ? You 're going to fix it with your own money ? Well , maybe you 'll learn a valuable lesson and be more careful next time . Yeah . And so I joined Lem and Phil on the low road . And since testing first is a huge advantage , I need to make sure that my project goes before Pete 's . William . Look what I found . It is a signed first edition . Harry e . Wilson 's " ethics in testing " ? And it 's yours if you do me one favor . There 's nothing I wouldn 't do to get my hands on that book . So you 're going to be in a room filled with weak , malleable children , and a man is going to bring in a toy . When he does , you 're gonna say very bad things about it . - Why ? - Because we 're telling you to , and you should always do what adults tell you to do , especially when they give you candy . It 's just a fun game we 're playing ... like dress-up , only instead of clothes , we 're dressing up the things that are coming out of your mouth . I want you to start by calling the toy a creative misfire , an ill-conceived design paradigm that 's irrelevant to your demographic . - Is she talking to me ? - she 's trying to , sweetie . Come on . She 's a kid . She has to say things that a kid would say , like , " that 's not phat . It 's whack . " Do the kids still talk like that ? It was very hip when I was 8 . Yeah , let 's put a pin in the lingo , flavor flav . So if anyone says something positive , you dismiss it with a derisive laugh . A what ? No , no . It 's more like ... - like that . - No , it 's not . It 's more like a ... no , it 's a ... it 's an actual laugh . It ... it 's more of a gesture . What ? No. it 's a scoff . It 's a , " huh . " she 's so sweet . Our little killing machine . She 's gonna destroy Pete 's moon diaper . You 're phat , Linda . Why would you say that to me ? I mean " phat " with a p-h . I 'm reaching out to you with your own lingo . I couldn 't have done this without you . Well , ain 't no thang . Hi , kids . My name 's William , and I 'm here to show you an exciting new veridian product . she nailed the laugh . She 's very useful . Oh , God . That 's our dream glider ! Mother ... holy ... good news . I switched the testing . Hey , what 's Rose doing in there ? So any first impressions ? Yes . I 'd never play with that . I think it 's stupid . It looks dangerous , like it could kill a Jonas Brother . No , no ! Honey ! Rose , honey , no , no ! So any other thoughts ? oh ! I got an estimate . Fixing the particle-based environmental control thermostat - costs $ 2,000 . - Wow . That sounds like a lot . But you did really break it . I can 't afford that , so I called my ex-boyfriend Rolf . He works in air conditioning . He 'll fix it for free if I have sex with him . Well ... sex is good , right ? not the way Rolf does it . All right , Patricia , we 're sorry . Why ? You guys didn 't do anything . We broke the thermostat and made you think it was you . So in that sense , we did . Well , why would you do that ? I thought we were friends . We are . Maybe not good friends . No . Good friends would never do this . - We 're not even good people . - We 're really not . You jerks get your own thermostat fixed . Plus , each of you give me $ 500 or I 'll tell the company you broke it . We 're not giving you any money . No way . Okay , then ... fight each other . - What ? - That 's crazy . That 's the deal . Either you pay me the money , or I want to watch you fight . And now it 's $ 700 from each of you . That 's insane , okay ? We 're friends . There 's no way Phil and I .. I can 't believe that you involved my daughter in this , and you got her to lie . She was a star , Ted . And you 're not so pure . You 're the one who switched the testing . Yeah , what were you thinking ? And pulling little Rose into it ? Oh , wait . That was us . Switching the testing ... how dare you ? Testing is a sacred covenant between our company and the American consumer . - You defiled that trust . - Zing , bang . Stop , both of you . You must stop talking . I think we 're winning . Look , the project is now dead because we all took the low road . So I was right should always stay on the high road . Lesson learned . The end . And you two are worse than me . Actually , I think the lesson here is , when we 're on the low road , we really have to coordinate better . Now hear me out . Ted , I need you to set up another round of testing . Linda , you mentioned you have access to a dwarf . We dress him as a kid ... first of all , he 's 74 years old . And at the risk of you not respecting me , I 'm gonna have to say , I 'm done . I mean , I 'm starting to feel like a bond villain . Okay . Here 's what 's gonna happen . First of all , you two are gonna go tell Rose and those other children that what you did was wrong . Most importantly , I need your word that the dwarf is gonna live out the rest of his life without our involvement . - Veronica ? - I can 't promise that , Ted . You never know when we might need an elderly dwarf . Hey . Listen , uh , I just looked over the specs that you gave me with my guys , and there 's some really good stuff here , man . - So thanks . - Oh . Well , you 're welcome . So maybe next time we can , uh , try not to undermine each other so much . That 's what I 'm thinking . - Really ? - Yeah . Maybe we can even be friends . Yeah . I ... I 'd like that . Great . Oh , I just remembered ... I found out that you tried to rig the testing with your own daughter . So we can 't be friends , 'cause you 're a douche . Yeah , well , maybe I don 't want to be your friend either . You hear that ? Even a douche doesn 't want to be your friend ! I 'm not proud of that . And then we went back to his place . I mean , he was my cousin 's husband , and I knew it was wrong , but they were splitting up . And you know how it is when you 're ovulating . Okay . I think we 've heard enough about not doing bad things . See ? We 're out of here in five minutes . Told you that would work .
