 What can you tell me about cortexiphan ? It worked on perception . Attention all citizens . Of all of the children That waiter and I prepared , You were the strongest . A storm is coming , and when it is over , I fear there will be little left of our world . Newton , Would try to open a corridor from our universe To the other side . Dr. Bell was afraid That if the doorway between the two universes Was ever opened ... Only one world would remain . Hey . Thought you were getting out of here . Afraid not . It 's gonna be a late one . Wait a second . Is that- - Is that real coffee ? Where did you get that ? I don 't know . I have my sources . Aha . I got a cousin in hawaii . She has a secret stash . She sends me stuff every- - This is getting nuts . What is that , six since yesterday ? Yeah , well , I 'm from california , so I 'm used to it , you know ? But this is new york . Don 't you think it 's strange ? Hmm . What are they saying on the news ? That they 're just these little quakes , you know ? Microquakes . Probably just some byproduct of global warming . Well , see you tomorrow . Oh , and if you , uh , Have any extra coffee ... Call me . Good night , pauline . Night . You 've got to be kidding me . Congratulations , mr . Bishop . You 've just won an all-expense-paid trip To new york city . I thought I told your people To take me off your contestant list . Not according to our records . It says here that you 're a fan Of fine dining and excitement . Do you have a supervisor ? Anybody there I could complain to ? 'cause this has to stop . Did I mention there 's excitement ? Walter , wake up . We just won an all-expens e-paid trip to new york city . That 's fantastic . I 've never won anything before . An earthquake in manhattan . It 's possible , but highly unlikely . Perhaps a small comet . Any witnesses ? Witnesses outside felt the ground shake , But no one saw what happened . What about the people inside ? Emergency services secured this entrance into the building , Scouring the place for survivors . How many did they find ? Zero . It looks- - rearranged . Extraordinary . Oh , my god . I don 't suppose you have any idea What could have caused this ? Quantum tectonic event would be my guess . Until now , this phenomenon has just been theoretical . A quantum tectonic event ? Well , yes . Imagine a sudden momentary disturbance At a subatomic level . The energy disperses the atoms , Literally tearing the very fabric of reality itself . Meaning that all the atoms come apart , But when they reassemble , they come together all wrong . So what are the odds of something Like this occurring naturally ? Oh , it 's possible . But if so , god has a far more disturbed sense of humor Then even I could have imagined . Third floor ! Let 's move ! Help , please . Hold still , sir . It 's important you try not to move , okay ? Please help . I don 't know if we can cut him loose from that beam . He might not survive . Call my wife . Someone please call my wife . I just want to hear her voice . Mr. Pratchet , I 'm special agent broyles with the fbi . This is agent dunham . We 're going to do everything we can To find your wife and get you out of here safely . I 'll call this in . Mr. Pratchet , It would help us a lot If you could describe what happened here . Tremors . Just like the other ones . Then a really big one that just kept getting worse . I 'm so thirsty . He can 't drink anything . Maybe some ice , but no liquids . I 'm on it . Mr. Pratchet , Did anything unusual happen Before the disaster ? Maybe someone in the building Who shouldn 't have been here . No . Just the same things everyone saw . Yesterday , the dogs all started howling . Then all those little tremors . The microquakes . Did you hear about any tremors in new york ? Ted pratchet doesn 't have a wife And it appears he never did . Makes sense . Trauma from his injuries . He must be delirious . I don 't think so . Excuse me , miss . Thank you . Thank you . Sir ... What year is it ? 2010 . Good . Good . Walter ? And who is the president ? President obama . Mm-hmm . Good . Good . Good , good . Now , I 'm sorry to do this- - Walter . Hey , walter . What 's the point of this ? Peter . I 'm sorry about this , but it is very important . On september the 11th , when the terrorists struck , Which buildings did they attack ? The pentagon . Uh-huh . And ... The white house . I think I know what happened here . Walter , what is that ? My theory was wrong . This wasn 't a quantum event at all . We 're standing in two buildings . I 've asked them to send mr . Pratchet 's bodies Back to the lab . Maybe they 'll provide some insight Into how this thing happened . I already know how this happened . Oh ? Two universes colliding . This is what william bell warned me about . He said that newton would try to open a doorway From our universe to the other side And that when it happened This would be the consequence . Two objects trying to occupy the same space At the same time . This was newton . I 'm sure of it . He was here . Walter , I don 't think I can do this . I 've seen some pretty disturbing things in my time Working with you , and I think I 've handled them pretty well , But this ... I can 't do . Awful , isn 't it ? Those boxes over there have evidence from the building . You can go through them . Thank you . All right , so what am I looking for ? Anything that looks like it doesn 't belong . Okay . I think this qualifies . Richard nixon on a silver dollar . That 's disturbing . So when you separate them , walter , How are you going to tell them apart ? Mr. Pratchet from over there was married . He was wearing a wedding ring . So as far as his wife will ever know , He just disappeared ? That is so sad . Yes , it is . Wow . Look at this . It 's a double-decker car . Does this mean that they drive these over there ? I suppose so . What ? I know what newton did . And I 'm afraid I 've just remembered What 's going to happen next . Newton . He was there . This was taken two hours before the incident . He and his men disguised themselves As a construction crew . So how do we find him ? We 're running down vin numbers . We 're looking into equipment rental , But I would like to take a crew back to new york . It 's walter . Hey . Peter , I need you back at the lab . Agent dunham as well . Walter , we 're right in the middle of something . Don 't argue with me , son . Get back here now , both of you . That is what 's so important ? This happened almost 25 years ago Right here on campus . I know . I 've heard this story before . M.I.T. Students fused a car To the statue of john harvard . It was a prank . They had to cut the car away . They never figured out how they did it . This wasn 't m.I.T. Students , was it ? This was one of your experiments ? When billy and I first tried to generate A stable door between universes , Our first test subject was a car- - Billy 's old monte carlo - and it did not go well . First times are always sloppy . It wasn 't our first time . 11 minutes after we successfully made the car disappear , This car appeared from another reality . How do you know that wasn 't just pulled from down the block ? It was in 1986 . The car had a cd player . It wasn 't an option at the time . Okay , assuming what you 're saying is true , why ? I mean , how did the car appear ? The universe seeks balance . We sent a car over there , so a car of equal mass came back . Now , a building from the other side appeared here . The laws of physics demand both sides of the equation balance . I calculate that a building from this side Will be pulled over there , Inhabitants and all ... Within the next ... Just under 35 hours . Okay , so how do we stop it ? That 's the thing , agent dunham . We can 't . Okay , then we need to evacuate the building . So how do we identify which building it 's going to be ? Well , the one thing that billy and I learned From our experience Is that when objects from the other universe Cross to our side , they have an energy . Someone once described it as a glimmer . I believe that in the moments before the event When the fabric of the two universes is rubbing together , That the building on this side Will begin to take on that glimmer . So then we 'd be able to see it ? Well , unfortunately , no . It 's not visible to the human eye . Then how the hell are we going to find it , walter ? We can 't , peter ! But you can , agent dunham . How can I see it ? Walter , when did I see things from the other side ? 26 years ago when you were a little girl . The cortexiphan trials . As I 've said , the drug worked on perception . Of the 30 children that william bell and I experimented on , You were the first with the ability To identify things from the other side . We gave you the ability . Walter , you were conducting illegal drug trials On children . Don 't make that sound like charity work . Was it me who described it as a glimmer ? Well , I can 't see it anymore . Because I believe you stopped wanting to . When you did , there were consequences , But I was able to elicit the ability once . I believe I may be able to do it again . Don 't be ridiculous . You 're not experimenting on olivia , and besides- - Okay , I 'll do it . Olivia- - We don 't have time , so just tell me what it is I need to do . First , I need a plane . I need to go to jacksonville to the lab where billy and I First conducted the cortexiphan trials . It 's a day care center you attended as a child . I should be able to recreate the procedure there . Walter , jacksonville 's 1,000 miles away . It 's 1,016 to be exact , Not counting the trip to the airport . Look , walter , I 'm sure whatever you need , We can get it here . What I need is in jacksonville ! Jacksonville is where the process worked . If I am able to do it again , it has to be there . A building in manhattan is just going to disappear ? Yes , that 's what walter believes . What makes him think whatever he needs to trigger this ability Of yours is still inside the facility in jacksonville ? When william bell founded massive dynamic , He bought the building and the entire military base It was sitting on from the government . He shut it down and closed it off . I believe that everything is still inside . And you 're sure you want to do this ? Submit yourself to dr . Bishop 's experiments ? I don 't see another choice . Then how can I help ? The events that ted pratchet said Led up to the incident- - The dogs howling , the small earthquakes- - Walter thinks that they will likely occur again And that we can use them to infer when it 's about to happen . I 'll contact nina sharp , Ask to her to have massive dynamic enlist Their geologic division to track any seismic activity . Thank you . And dunham ? Stay in touch . I will . 5 ... 20 ... 10 . I always use the same combination , Though I can 't remember the significance . Come . Do you see anything ? Like what ? 16 items in this room ... Are from the other side . Perhaps if you look a little closer . Come . Go ahead . Nothing . Well ... We should get started . I was hoping to avoid this . I have a freakishly good memory . I remember everything . But not this . There 's just nothing that 's familiar . Maybe that 's a good thing . You just about ready ? You may want to change into something more comfortable . Perception is largely an emotional response . How we feel ... Affects the way we see the world . And so billy and I reasoned that extreme emotions Would stimulate this perception , That acute feelings of fear And love or anger would heighten the awareness . Open the mind , as it were . The drugs help , of course . Is that cortexiphan ? Start the I.V. Drip , please , And lift up . You sure you want to do this ? Oh , wait ! Right arm . No , left arm . Left arm . When you 're under , the drugs will generate an obstacle . I can 't tell you what it will be . It will be uniquely yours . Do you understand ? I think so . It will make more sense when you 're under . The point is this . That facing that obstacle will elevate your emotional state . Much as running on a treadmill will elevate your heartbeat . And then when I 've got you to the proper level , Well , then I 'll pull you out , okay ? I am singing in the rain . Oh . The drugs are working fast . Perhaps it was the right arm . What ? She 'll be fine , peter . Peter ... Would you turn that around ? Thank you . Olivia , I want you to open your eyes . Olivia , can you hear me ? If you can hear me , open your eyes . Where are you ? I 'm in a forest . I can see very tall trees . That 's good . That 's good , olivia . Theta rhythms are normal . Stable neocortex active . It 's working . There 's someone else here . Is she all right ? No , but she 's not supposed to be . In my bag , peter . Yeah ? The pretzels . Pretzels . Hey . It 's all right . Please . I don 't want to do this anymore . You don 't have to do anything that you don 't want to do . You don 't have to do anything that you don 't want to do . Wait ! Hey ! Walter ? Shh . She 's close . Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait ! It 's okay . Shh . Shh . Shh . Please . Make them stop . Please make them stop it . It 's okay . I 'm here now . Nothing can hurt you . It 's okay . That 's better . What 's your name ? Olive . Olivia . Ah ! Good news . It worked . What the hell is wrong with you ? You did this to little children ? Anything ? Nothing . Now what ? Should we find some more kids to scare ? I have no idea . Phillip , it 's me . Dunham . It started . Okay . Is she okay ? She 's fine . Hell , do we know what triggered it ? Obviously she was upset , william . It 's okay . It 's all right , olive . That 's me . What happened ? This was the first time you saw the other side . You were frightened . Started a fire with your mind . It should have worked . This is the very sort of thing That william and I were preparing for . You abused us , walter - me and those other children . No , we--we were trying to help you . We were trying to make you more than you were . Is that what you were doing ? Or were you searching for answers to questions That you shouldn 't have been asking in the first place ? I was a different man then . I was a defenseless child . Yes , you were . Yes , you were . Olivia , I think I 'm starting to understand Why the process didn 't work . You are different . You 're not that frightened child anymore . I thought all we needed was a heightened Emotional response from you , but I was wrong . We needed a specific one . Fear . And you 're not capable of that anymore . Well , not like she was . What we did to you- - You found a way to protect yourself . You channeled your fear into anger , Which is why you were so good at your job . But if you want to save those people , You have to find your way back To that scared little girl . And how do we do that ? I don 't know . Hey . Is this a part of walter 's test ? Are you all right ? No . I 'm not afraid of anything anymore . Let me know if anything changes . Four tremors in the last two hours . Most recent measured 2.6 . They 're increasing in frequency . I 'm sorry . You didn 't send that building over here . So what 's plan " B " ? We 're compiling data . Trying to predict where the next incident will take place . Satellite images , Seismic activity , weather patterns . You need a fresh set of eyes ? Yes . I 'll take you to the lab . We 've still got time . We 've been plotting the epicenter of each microquake Looking for some sort of pattern . Can you regress any of the data points ? It 's a waste of time . Useless attempt to impose order on random , meaningless data . Tried the same thing 25 years ago When the car came over , and tried to tell them why . Why there ? Why 'd it land in the middle of the quad ? The answer is there was no answer . Except mass . The two cars . You said they were the same mass . Okay , you two have something going on ? Do you want to fill me in ? Walter seems to think that the two universes Have to be in balance . So a building from over there travels over here . That means a building over here of exactly the same mass Has to travel back . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Raiders of the lost ark . The bag of sand and the idol . Not the metaphor I would have used , but , yes , exactly . Do you have a pencil ? I have a pen . I need satellite data and 3-d imagery To calculate the cubic feet . I 'll also need a comprehensive list Of all building materials Used during construction . For every freestanding structure in new york city ? Oh , I think we can rule out the empire state building . Hey , peter . Anything ? Good news . We have a plan . Okay , he can eliminate the three buildings in tribeca , Because they 're way too big . Are they lofts ? Yeah , why ? Lofts have no interior walls . Even though one of the buildings might be bigger , They could be the same mass . Yep . Okay , well , the guys downstairs on the supercomputer Are crunching numbers on the first six buildings , But it 's gonna take some time . What else can I do to help ? It 's time . It could happen any moment now . Olivia- - How many buildings are we down to ? 147 buildings Spread out all over manhattan . Three hospitals , a cancer treatment center , A nursing home . The nypd and the fire department Have a standing evacuation protocol . With our help , they could clear most of those buildings- - The evacuation itself would kill a lot of these people . Not to mention cause a city-wide panic That might kill thousands more . The largest building on this list has , what , 500 people ? So you think we should just let the building disappear ? Let those people disappear ? There are times when the only choices you have left Are bad ones . Hey , I figured if I could shut down All the non-essential functions , I can make these things run faster . It 's too late . I failed . I failed and I 'm supposed to be the one Who can stop things like this . Olivia . You- - I 've never met anyone Who can do the things that you do . Peter . I 'm scared . Don 't be . What ? N the west village near the hudson , I think . I couldn 't see exactly where . Was it near the piers ? Yeah , a couple of blocks from the river . Were there any landmarks ? Other buildings nearby there ? Yeah , that new tower , the one near the elevated tracks . The high line . Still too many potential candidates . Whoa ! Whoa ! Hey , olivia , we need you to narrow it down- - I 'm trying . Okay , I see it . It 's on washington . Peter , there was a hotel on washington . What do we have on washington ? No , he 's right . Brayson place hotel . 13th and washington , number 's right there . Call chief solomon at the nypd . Call the fire department , and- - hello , yes . This is special agent phillip broyles with the fbi . You need to evacuate everyone from the building immediately . Is everybody out ? I think so . I guess it 's safe to say That you 've got the rest of the night off work . The conspiracy nuts are gonna have a field day . You 'd be surprised what you can make The general public believe . You saved a lot of people . We all did . Dunham ... This ability you 've demonstrated ... What finally activated it ? I think it was just time . Yeah , monopoly is great . He loves the colored money . Oh , who are you drinking with ? Olivia . Agent dunham ? A date ? No , just drinks . Apparently , that 's what normal people do . They go out for drinks . If you need to reach me , I 'll leave you the number of the restaurant right here , okay ? She 's here , peter . I know , I heard it too . Shall I get the door ? Absolutely not . In fact , it would be my preference If you could be someplace else all together . Oh ... where ? Chicago ? Hey . Hi . Come on in . I know a great place . It 's just a couple blocks away . I thought we 'd walk . Agent dunham . I 'll go get my coat . Olivia . Please don 't tell him . Sync by YYeTs.net
