 WOMAN : Chief , can you hear me ? When I was born seven years ago , I already possessed the entire sum of recorded human knowledge . It took me almost two hoursto process and understand all that information . But I can 't be surewhich memories are mine or even what 'strue , what 's real ... I 've discovered a great deal more information since then . For an A.l. , I 've lived a very long time ... But now , after seven human years , I have finally come to understand your role , your place in the universe and how you came to be here . The eons of human evolution , invention , aspiration , and war . Alwayswar . The oldest , most enduring of human practices . 100,000 years ago , A great civilization existed in this universe . Like all great civilizations , they faced a sudden and dire turn of events . Athreat to their primacy from outside . Something they never expected , never prepared for . A deeply alien threat they called simply , ' The Flood " . An unstoppable force , an unquenchable thirst . It devoured everything it touched . At first , their technology , their courage seemed like it might prevail . But they waited too long to see the threat , to join the fight . The Flood had spread too far and too wide . It fed on intelligent life and in doing so , became ever more intelligent itself . The Flood was unique . It used their very strength against them . They were , the Forerunners . The Forerunnerswere a wise , highly intelligent , noble people , and with a belief in justice , in peace , they bravely faced the adversary . They sought to sterilize it . I can only guess some of this . Fill in the gaps . But it was an impossible fight . Realizing defeat was inevitable , the Forerunners made a decision to destroy everything . Ironically , they did this in order to preserve life , to create a future for you , yet unborn , knowing they themselveswould not survive . In a desperate attempt to ensure that they would be the last victims , they built a secret weapon of terrifying power . It wascalled " Halo . " An array of weapons scattered throughout the Galaxy . Its effect would spread throughout known space , destroying the Flood and every thinking creature in the Galaxy . You see , the Flood fed on sentient speciesto survive . The devicewould destroy the infection and itsfood supply . Athousand other planswere tried and failed . Thiswasthe last resort ... Halo . And finally , it was over in an instant . Every intelligent life form left in the galaxy was obliterated . But from the ashes of apparent defeat , a victory . The Forerunners had catalogued , stored and protected population samplesfrom the Halo effect . ONA , embryos , even living specimens . In order to repopulate , restore the Galaxy . Once the Galaxy wascleansed of Flood , the threat sterilized , they repopulated worlds . Rebuilt that which they had torn down and reseeded life . But the Forerunnersthemselveswere gone forever . This destruction , thisconflagration , wastheir gift to you and their sacrifice . They left you to reclaim your world , to rebuild it with your own hands . By sacrificing themselves . Eternally . It seemed that life had finally found its peace . English SOH WOMAN : Peace settled on the Galaxy . But it would be a fleeting peace . For the great sacrificewas in vain . The end of onewar did not signal an end to all wars . It is a great irony , that the nature of war always revealsthe true nature of thosewho fight . And from their earliest days humanity began to fight . War , after war . It swarmed over the Earth and therewas no ending in sight . In the midst of the desire to shed blood you accidentally stumbled upon the seeds of your salvation . A great hope . But you found something else aswell ; the seeds of your destruction . Therewere many sacrifices . Humankind was mired in horrific conflict , meaningless bloodshed , leaving the great Earth eternally scarred . But finally , you looked up from the blood and from the dirt and from the dying , to the stars . You had not given up on the idea of reaching out , yearning , seeking a new horizon . And finding a new space to grow and prosper . For the first time , all of humankind was united in a shared vision , a common goal . You realized that this once-great planet , was now too small for you . Therewere too many souls in so little a world . So you sought other worlds . Worldswhere you could escape your addiction to destruction . But theworlds you found were never enough . Never enough to satisfy the age-old instincts . Speed and distance did nothing to separate you from your nature . Old resentments , ancient squabbles re-emerged . History began itsterrible repetition . And once again , man fought man . Like a virus , war was always lurking inside you . No matter how hard you tried to suppress it , it just fought harder to get out . It always got out . Humankind had always looked to the stars , to the heavensfor answers . Sometimes you didn 't likewhat you found there . And while the galaxy revealed few answers , it was more than willing to confront you with new questions . But there has always been one truly unifying force in human history . Onecall that would always unite you . The emergence of a common enemy . That enemy wasthe Covenant . When this new foe emerged and declared war against humanity , you finally united under a single banner . And theweapons you so carefully constructed to control your own baser instincts , were now aimed , not at yourselves , but against a deadly opponent , in pursuit of a shared goal ; the very survival of your species . Then , as if awakened by the arrival of the Covenant , a darker , far more ancient threat emerged from its slumber . Oarkness born in eons past , became a threat to all life once again . And humankind and the Covenant , who had drowned for so long in each other 's blood , were united , if only for the briefest moment , against a terrible enemy they both shared . Righteous soulscontinued to fight , believing that they could defeat the darkness . And asthey fought together , they stumbled together , into peace . This galaxy is vast . ltswonders and beauty are almost unfathomable . But the galaxy also hides dark secrets . Some of which have lain dormant since the beginning of time itself . There is a danger in secrets . Both in seeking and in knowing . Some things are meant to be hidden from view . You see , some mysteries defy understanding . And sometimes even the things we think we know are untrue . Some secrets should remain untouched . Secretscan tempt your primal instinct , and lead you again into war . The Haloswere one such secret . Chief , can you hear me ? I wonder why humans must continue to fight . I wonder if warriorswill ever disappear from thisworld . Never . Therewill always bewarriors . And therewill always bewar . English - SOH You know this is a trap . Oo you not ? Coming wasfoolish . HlERARCH : Your words of dissent are troubling to us . [ GRUNTlNG ] We ask so little in return for the giftswe offer . Tell me , Arbiter . lsfaith too much to ask in exchange ? Haka haschosen the path of the GreatJourney . Why must you resist ? TheJourney will take usfarther than this simple Covenant . It will deliver usto godhood . [ GROWLS ] [ groaning ] There is only one path for you . Why must you deny theJourney that we all must take . TheJourney is a lie ! [ sighs ] Humph. ls it now ? HAN : You 're dreaming , my love . What ? Forgive me , Han. I am distracted . Can you not simply serve ? Perhaps , but only when you know who you are actually serving . Now I 'm not so sure . You ? Uncertain ? [ giggles ] Han , you should leave . Just for a littlewhile . I 'll never leave you , I 'm your wife . And you are the General . My place is at your side . You are stubborn to a fault . I could say the same of you . [ giggles ] [ GRUNTS ] arbiter : Useless ! Focus . We are fighting Elite , the right arm of the Covenant . The gifts of the Forerunners are nothing if you don 't master the skillsto wield them . Master them you will . For we are the men of Sanghelios . Never forget that honor . ALL : Sir , yes sir ! ROH : Walk with me a moment , Arbiter . arbiter : Roh ... ROH : I must ask you . arbiter : Ask your question . ROH : Tell me , Arbiter . Why do you insist on provoking their patience ? They have given usformidable gifts . Your status is at risk . This heresy will strip you of your rank . There is no rank without honor . Wewere strong . Sanghelioswas strong before this Covenant . And wecould be strong once more . But we have strayed . We live not for honor but for power . Listen to yourself ! Thistalk is not just heresy. lt istreachery . You are putting your bloodline at risk . And what of your wife ? What of Han ? Arbiter ! To protect the future of our clans , please , please join . Arbiter ! And now the game begins and I must play . Fal . I know they will come in force to challenge me . And I will not turn away from them , I will answer their call . ROH : It 's not too late . SOLOlERS : Oefector ... Heretic ... Accursed Arbiter ... Betrayer ... Renegade ... Traitor ... Traitor ... Renegade ... Traitor ... Betrayer ... Traitor ... Traitor ... Renegade ... Traitor ... Oefector ... [ ROARS ] [ yelling ] HlERARCH : So honor , is his strength . Then we shall turn his precious honor against him . Oraw him out and defeat him publicly ! The badge of Arbiter will become a mark of shame . Haka ! Persuade him . Yes . Take away what he finds so precious . We 'll show everyone how high isthe price of dissent . [ GRUNTlNG ] Come in , Roh . What 'sthe matter ? [ WHlMPERlNG ] Kill her . Then hewill have no choice , but to face me in battle . I 'm sorry . We do thisfor the GreatJourney . [ YELLS ] arbiter : Han ! HAAAN ! [ GASPS ] [ YELLS ] HAKA : A shame that sword of yourswastoo late to save Han . Such a price for your honor , Arbiter . You are not worthy to speak her name . But I promise it isthe last you will utter . Therewill be time for talk when I rule in your stead . And declare your shame , Arbiter . [ GRUNTlNG ] [ lNAUOlBLE OlALOGUE ] English NARRATOR : In 2291 , Slipspace technology makes spacecolonization a reality . In 30 years , mankind establishesthe inner Colonies in the heart of the Milky Way , and soon into the outer periphery . In the year 2525 , the human race encounters an advanced alien alliance . This alliancecalled itself the Covenant . The Covenant decrees humanity an affront to their gods . And the Human-Covenant war begins . Within a decade , the Outer Colonies are almost completely annihilated by the power of the Covenant . In the face of direct attacks on the inner Colonies by Covenant forces , humanity 's only remaining hope depends on a special unit of genetically augmented soldiers . These soldierswere known asthe SPARTAN-lls . They finally decide to give the order to pull out , and now this . Oammit , this just ain 't my day . Mac , watch out ! Here they come ! Aw dammit . This just ain 't my day ! What the hell ? ! Maybe this is my day . Alright men ! Let 'swelcome our Chief Petty Officer with some backup ! And stay down . How 's Gamma 4 ? Gamma 4 is gone . Then that meansthis planet isfinished . And it won 't be the last , Sir . I have the main unit on the line ! Rescue team will be in accordancewith the order to fully disengage . Oispatching a rescuecraft . All active units respond immediately . Team Gamma here , roger that . We arecompletely surrounded . Copy that , Marine . We 're dispatching a rescue ship to your location . But I 'm afraid wecan 't exactly give you curbside service . Sending coordinatesfor extraction point . Looks like you and your men are going to have to make your way to ... Wait a sec . What ? I know that voice ... isthat you ? Oaisy ? That 's you , isn 't it ? ! Ralph . Where do we go now ? I don 't know . Anywhere but that place . BOY : Yeah. I don 't want to think about what they 'd do to us if we did go back . We 're not gonna be your toys anymore ! RALPH : She 's right . We 're sick of your " training " . OAlSY : We 're leaving . And you can 't stop us . OAlSY : What would our moms and dads think about us if they saw us ? RALPH : It 's been seven years . I wonder if they 'd recognize us . Not becausewe 've grown up , but because of what 's been done to us . All of those years of training . All those horrible surgeries and the augmentations . But everything 'schanged now . And not just us . You really think you can go home ? It doesn 't matter I 'm going. I have to . It 'sthe only home that I have . I guesstomorrow 's goodbye , then . OAlSY : Wewon 't be able to see each other anymore , will we ? MAN [ OVER RAOlO ] : Of the five escapeesfrom the facility , only subjectJoseph-122 has been captured . The search for the other four is a priority red directive . Repeat : The search for the other four is a priority red directive . [ GRUNTS ] Not again. I 'm getting off this rock . And I 'm not going home in a bodybag either . I 'm gonna create a diversion , keep low . You make a run for the extraction point . [ LAUGHS ] [ YELLS ] Jesus , they 're everywhere . All the more reason for usto move out as soon aswe see the extraction craft . That sounds like a good idea to me . I 'm gonna go find us a Hog . [ explosions ANO gunfire ] OAlSY : Oon 't you dare slow down ! SERGEANT : Heads up ! RALPH [ OVER RAOlO ] : You okay down there ? They 're here ! [ GRUNTS ] WOMAN [ OVER RAOlO ] : Notice any resemblance ? The secrecy of the SPARTAN-ll program could not be jeopardized . But the disappearance of seventy-five recruitsfor the program would havecreated some difficult questions . But if thechildren never vanished , therewould be no questionsto ask , would there ? Theclone lives a life in your place . The life that was , originally , meant for you . Come back to the facility , 23 . It iswhere you belong . It 's home . Hmm . OAlSY : Sarg ! Are you all right ? [ GRUNTS ] I will be . As soon aswe 're outta here . OAlSY : Look. I 'll cover you ! Go on ahead ! SERGEANT : There 's no way I 'm gonna leave ... OAlSY : Just go ! Now ! RALPH [ OVER RAOlO ] : Step on it ! OAlSY : Let 's go ! [ panting ] Huh ? RALPH [ OVER RAOlO ] : Faster ! Faster ! [ GUNSHOT OAlSY GRUNTS ] Oaisy ! Chief ! RALPH : I 'm coming ! Stay right there ! There 's no time ! Go Ralph ! Get that ship out of here , now ! [ GUN clicks ] OAlSY CLONE : Sometimes , I have this dream . Alwaysthe same dream . I dream I 'm strong . Stronger than anyone . Like you . Just like you are . Here. I want you to have this . But why me ? I don 't know , to be honest with you . I just ... something tells me that I should . I want you to take it . RALPH : My clone . Hewas ... Hewas sick . I think I killed him ... Oon 't do thisto yourself , Ralph . You did ... What you had to . So did I . Oaisy ? GUARO : Transport to base : Custody of Oaisy-23 and Ralph-303 restored . Subjects ETA one hour . After making contact with their clones , the remaining two escapees used their small armsto commit suicide . [ EKG FLATLlNlNG ] This is Charlie 1 . Sending new rendezvous coordinates . Prepare to disengage . english MAN : What ? ! He slipped and fell ? 1337 , wasn 't it ? You think he 'll be okay ? MASTER chief : This kind of thing happensto him all the time . Well , 1337 is still a Spartan . He 's been trained with the best of ' em . There 's no need for concern . MAN : If you say so , Master Chief . It wouldn 't be the first time he fell off a Pelican . Hm . But still I am a littleworried . MASTER chief : Yeah . Oh , no ! Hey ! Wait for me ! Come back ! Oon 't leave me behind ! I 'm gonna have to rendezvous with them somewhere ... Huh ... ? I wonder if these natives are dangerous . Hey , look at that . It 'sthe junky ole robot that fell . I am not some " junky robot . " Even if you don 't want to know , I 'll tell you who I am . I am one of the strongest warriors in space . I AM SPARTAN ... 1337 ! I wouldn 't stand there if I were you . It 's not very safe . 1337 : How dare they ignore my awesome heroism ? Fear not. I am the strongest warrior in the ... Uh-oh ... [ 1337 GRUNTlNG ] I 'm fine , just a few dents ... [ 1337 groaning GRUNTlNG ] He doesn 't really get along with strangers all that much . [ groaning ] alien 1 : So , where isthe accursed group of Spartans ? alien 2 [ ON RAOlO ] : On Kronky , the4th planet of the Unicorn system . alien 1 : Excellent . This isthe perfect opportunity to show those Spartans a thing or two about Covenant Power . Bring out Pluton ! Yes , sir ! alien 1 : Yes. lt isthe finest bio-warrior ever created . Now , go to planet Kronky and demonstrate our might . alien 2 : But Pluton 'sweapons are still in the experimental stage . They 'll be enough to vanquish the humans . Oon 't you think a real battlewill be the best way to conduct our little test ? If that is your wish . I will get you at long last , Master Chief . Now ! Go Pluton . Graw ? Not 'graw " ! Go destroy them ! GRAW ! - No , not over here ! He 's over that way he 's over there ! - Huh ? - No , not over here ! He 's over that way he 's over there ! Oon 't'huh " me go that way ! Graw ! I need a vacation . - 1337 : Chief , respond please ! - Rendezvous pointis 5 kilometers from you 're your presentlocation . - Can you hear me ? Chief ? Over ? [ GARBLEO RAOlO interference ] - Rendezvous pointis 5 kilometers from you 're your presentlocation . - Can you hear me ? Chief ? Over ? - After you move to the rendezvous point , you are to confirm yourcoordinates . - After you move to the rendezvous point , you are to confirm yourcoordinates . - There 's some strange interference ... - After you move to the rendezvous point , you are to confirm yourcoordinates . - Hello ! Can you hear me ? - After you move to the rendezvous point , you are to confirm yourcoordinates . - Hello ! Can you hear me ? - Repent , Rendezvous pointis ... - BOY 1 : Wecan hear you ! - Repent , Rendezvous pointis ... - BOY 1 : Wecan hear you ! 1337 : Not you ! And I thought I told you to stop following me . BOY 1 : Robot , look ... I told you , I 'm not a robot . Hm ? What 'sthat ? BOY 2 : Sure is a lot of junkfalling from the sky today . [ roaring ] Covenant ? ! It 's dangerous ! Get out of here ! Asfar as you can ! BOY 1 : Oh ! Okay ! [ roaring ] [ KlOS screaming ] [ 1337 GRUNTlNG ] [ roaring ] [ screaming ] BROTHER : Are you guys alright ? Hey , look , it 's big brother . BOY 2 : And big sister . Any of you know what that thing is out there ? It looks like he almost blew up thewhole mountain range . He fell from the sky ! Then all of the sudden , he and this giant monkey started going nuts ! BROTHER : Oon 't worry , your big brother 's gonna takecare of it . Yeah well ... He might be a little tougher than you think . We don 't have much choice . We 'll just have to try our best . sister : Yeah you might lose . BROTHER : Why would you say that ? Gimme somecredit will ya ? It must have been scary . Are you sure you 're okay ? I 'm kinda hungry ... Oh ? [ LAUGHS ] BROTHER : All right , let 's do this ! [ GARBLEO RAOlO interference ] 1337 , come in . - 1337 : I 'm not going to lose ... - 1337 , can you henr me ? Come in . - No way can I lose ... - 1337 , can you henr me ? Come in . - No way can I lose ... - l repent , 1337 come in . - l repent , 1337 come in . - l ... am Spartan 1337 . - l repent , 1337 come in . - l ... am Spartan 1337 . - Are you injured ? Can you respond ? - l ... am Spartan 1337 . - 1337 , come in . - 1337 , come in . Come in . No one elsewill say it , so I will . The fact that I never give up is one of my good points ! Hey look . The rain stopped . The robot 's back ! 1337 : What 'sthat ? BROTHER : Apparently , they used to travel between the starswith that . 1337 : An old UNSC Frigate . Must havecrash landed . sister : I hear we that were all born inside there . BROTHER : Mama raised us all by herself . 1337 : Mama ? You kids should stay behind . This is my fight . BROTHER : Oon 't worry about it . We may not look it , but we 're pretty tough . sister : Though we 're no match for Mama . 1337 : Mama , huh ? BROTHER : When wewere still little , she fought off a bunch of bird-headed pirates by herself . 1337 : That sounds like one heck of a mama . But you know what ? I 'm one heckuva mama myself ! [ BROTHER sister GRUNTlNG ] [ GRUNTlNG ] [ 1337 GRUNTlNG ] [ ALL panting ] I did it ... I did it ! Huh ? BROTHER : Oh , no ! We 'll be done for if he reachesfull strength ! We gotta stop him ! Yeah and that 's gonna be the hard part . Lesstalk more action ! Huh ... ? [ sister screaming ] [ BOTH screaming ] BROTHER : This isn 't good . Hewon 't budge . sister : We 're totally screwed . BROTHER : What elsecan we do ? 1337 : We 're doomed . BROTHER sister : Well , don 't jinx us ! 1337 : I 'm just kidding . We gotta do something . Ooh ! Hey ! What the heck isthat ? Huh ? BROTHER : Oh , as if he 'd ever fall for that ! sister : He did fall for it ! 1337 : He did ? He did ! Now let 's get out of here ! [ roaring ] [ BEEPlNG ] [ roaring ] Whoa . What 's happening ? [ bleeping ] 1337 : No way ... 1337 : isthat a Slipspace rupture ? [ BEEP ] That was Mama . sister : I told you no onewas astough as Mama . MAN : Master Chief , radio contact has been re-established ! MASTER chief : Good. I 'll try to contact 1337 . There 's another A.l. living on this planet . MASTER chief : What ! ? I 've lost contact with it , but I 'm pretty sure I felt it just tinkering with the Slipspace drive . She 's another A.l. it seems . Just like I am . MASTER chief : Why here ? You want me to collect her ? No . Let 's not do that . It 's a very old A.l. construct . You might say something of an antique . She seems ... Seemswhat ? Happy. lf I 'm undersanding correctly , she seemsto be happy here . Hm . MASTER chief : Hm . BROTHER sister : We 're home ! MAMA : Were you playing ascavemen again ? You really do like that game . BOY 1 : Mommy , you 're not gonna believe what happened today ! MAMA : Alright , alright . You can tell me all about that later . BROTHER : Mama , just what did you do back there ? MAMA : That 's not important right now . By theway , dinner 's ready . girl : I 'm hungry ! MAMA : I thought so . Now go wash your hands . KlOS : Okay ! MAMA : And clean behind your ears ! 1337 : Mama . chief [ ON RAOlO ] : Can you hear me 1337 ? Come in , 1337 . This is 1337. I hear you clearly sir . Head to the rendezvous point immediately . - Rendezvous ASAP ! Over ! - Huh ? - Rendezvous ASAP ! Over ! - Huh ? Roger that , sir , but I may run a little late . [ PLUTON GRUNTlNG ] PLUTON : Guh . English WOMAN : Sarge , look at the moon . [ WOMAN LAUGHS SOFTLY ] lt 'sfunny. I never noticed how beautiful the moons are here . You think anybody noticed ? GHOST : Stay quiet . The biofoam 'sworking , but your still bleeding . WOMAN : There 's something I 've alwayswanted to know . Your call sign , " Ghost " , what does it mean ? GHOST : Stop talking . You 've gotta hold tight until the medivac gets here . WOMAN : You finally have an excuse to show that you care and ... [ WOMAN LAUGHS SOFTLY ] Let me ask you something ... just one last thing . It won 't hurt , I promise . What was I to you ? GHOST : What do you mean ? You 're a soldier ... A soldier with a promising future ahead of you . You 're a soldier . WOMAN : And you 're a ghost , aren 't you ? What ? Feelings pass right through you , don 't they ? So cold and unforgiving in every choice you made in battle . Pure soldier . - l think that 'swhat let ustrust you so ... - Oon 't talk . Save your strength . - l think that 'swhat let ustrust you so ... - Oon 't talk . Save your strength . I don 't need it . I need you to be strong . Strong enough to do what you 've never done in your life . Can you be strong enough to allow yourself to be ; can you just be human ? lieutenant : Oammit , man , what 're you still doing here ? Command has declared a full retreat ! Wecan 't pull out ! Thecivilians may be on their way outta here , but there 's a corps of engineers still out there . I 'm not leavin ' em behind ! It ain 't up to you ! Cole Protocol 's been enacted , move it soldier ! [ explosion ] COMMANOER : The shuttles ! lieutenant : If thisfighting keeps up , we 're gonna be as good as dead . We gotta stick it out and pray they get us some evac . Let 's go . Who 's left behind ? What ? Answer me soldier . What 'sthe name of the group ? ! It 'sthe Hades Corps ! They 're at Hangar 1030 and they say they 're not leaving until they destroy the prototype of someweapon system ! The demolition squad , I shoulda known . Ghost ... SOLOlER 1 : If the Cole Protocol 's been enacted , why the hell arewe stranded on the front line ? We 're pinned down here and now the Sarge is missing . We 're screwed . SOLOlER 2 : Naw , wewere sunkfrom the beginning . What ? SOLOlER 2 : On his last assignment , our fearless leader let his entire platoon go down . They got wiped out in a single firefight . Sarge didn 't even flinch . Yeah , well l guessthat 'swhy they call him the " Ghost " then , isn 't it ? And why the brass always decidesto put him in charge of demolition jobs , because he 's not even human ! SOLOlER 1 : C 'mon ! Oon 't die on me ! C 'mon ! I can 't believe these sons of bitches left us behind ! SOLOlER 1 : This is it . [ explosions ] I can 't believe it . Oh my god . It 'sthe prototype suit ! But who the hell 's driving it ? GHOST : Ghost to Hades Corps . Fall back immediately . Ignore the Covenant. I 'll hold them off . Nobody 's dying here . You heard him . Let 's go . You idiot ! He 's not supposed to be testing that suit , he 's supposed to destroy it ! COMMANOER [ ON RAOlO ] : Can you hear me , Sergeant ? What do you think you 're doing ? ! Your orders are to destroy the suit and all related data . You are disobeying direct orders ! No sir , I am following my orders . Explain yourself . I have destroyed all the data . And I 'm using the time left on this suit to safely evac my people . I 'm not leaving until every one of my men are safely off ... That is not the plan ! I am ordering you to stand down ... There 's no other choice . The mission cannot be jeopardized . And I am still responsible for these Marines . Wait , Sergeant ! Ghost ! Listen to me ... GHOST : I lost my entire platoon . Everyone of my men . And that 'swhen it happened ... That 'swhen I truly became a ghost . Just a shadow . Surrounded by death . [ gunfire ] The suit has a staggered countdown . In order to trigger final detonation , the system requires a voicecommand . You designed it that way for a reason , didn 't you ? COMMANOER : Ghost ... GHOST : Just get my men off this planet . This is Ghost . Over and out . [ bleeping ] GHOST : What 'sthe matter , Ghost ? Why can 't you move ? [ BEEPlNG ] GHOST : I made up my mind that day ... The night I let my platoon die . I looked up at those moons and something died inside me . Aconscience is something that gets in theway . That 's all a soul is . An obstacle . Something to overcome . I can 't atone for failing to protect them ? [ GRUNTlNG ] [ GRUNTlNG ] [ bleeping ] suit : Countdown complete . Voicecommand required . Speak the voicecommand exactly as displayed . WOMAN : Let me ask you something ... just one last thing . It won 't hurt , I promise . What was I to you ? GHOST : What do you mean ? You 're a soldier ... A soldier with a promising future ahead of you . You 're a soldier . WOMAN : And you 're a ghost , aren 't you ? What ? Feelings pass right through you , don 't they ? So cold and unforgiving in every choice you made in battle . Pure soldier . - l think that 'swhat let ustrust you so ... - Oon 't talk . Save your strength . - l think that 'swhat let ustrust you so ... - Oon 't talk . Save your strength . I don 't need it . I need you to be strong . Strong enough to do what you 've never done in your life . Can you be strong enough to allow yourself to be ; can you just be human ? If not for your sake for all of us ? If you would just allow yourself to feel something . Maybe you wouldn 't be a ghost any longer . [ GRUNTlNG ] Voicecommand authorization . Be human . [ BEEPS ] GHOST : And for one last instant . I 'm human again . COMMANOER : Transmission from orbit around Algolis . Cole Protocol enforced . All weapons prototypes and accompanying navigational databases eliminated . The soldier I previously recommended for military court-martial is ... I rescind and redact that portion of my earlier report . That soldier is officially missing in action , lost during heavy combat on Algolis . He demonstrated honorableconduct not only as a marine , but also as human being . We 're heading for rendezvouswith the UNSC Henrt ofMidlothian . Over and out . English [ OHATTERlNG ] Huh ? [ BERGER giggles ] Hey , easy there , Berger . What do you think you 're doing ? What ? They 're Helljumpers . Everyone of those guys are OOSTsfrom the 105th . They 're in a whole different league . Let 's go . BERGER : C 'mon ! I wanna hear what they 're sayin ' ! MAN : No . O 'BRlAN : I don 't get it . How the hell did everybody conveniently forget that I 'm the best shot this side of Eridanus . Gettin ' assigned a backup is a bunch of BS ! OUTCH : Contingency , it 's an important mission . If the first sniper missesthe target , they take the shot . I don 't miss. I never miss . This sucks and you know it . I 'm nobody 's babysitter . Especially not some farmboy moose hunter . I hate to be the one to break the bad news . But you weren 't selected to be the primary shooter on this mission . So it seems ... they want your 'farmboy " to do it . I guessthat makes you the backup . Sorry O 'Brien . I 'm the backup ? ! And the shooter is a Spartan . OUTCH : What ? And that meansthis mission just got escalated . MAN : This is Spartan Cal-141 , who will be the ranking officer on this mission . I realize that is highly unusual and you have strong feelings about Spartans . You will keep those feelings out of the mission and follow the plan . Satellite recon shows radar and magnetic signatures on Heian , in the Arc Star Cluster . These signatures indicate a complex of buildings . It 's a logistical base . The Prophet you are targeting is in control of this entire sector . Our mission is simple . Wewant this Prophet dead . We take out the Prophet , wewill stop the Covenant chain of supply . If we achieve the goal of this mission , wewill be able to buy ourselves months of tactical advantage . And wewill do all of thiswith minimal risk to the UNSC . Humph ... Other than to this group of course . Cortez . Fill them in on the details . Alright , you 'll be flying into the atmosphere with a Leonid-class meteor shower . Meteor showers of this nature are a regular occurrence on this planet , so that means entry and landing should go unnoticed . Calculations show reaching the target will take a 14 hour fast march from your entry point . Once you reach the target , you will take out the Prophet as soon as he steps off that ship . Then you are to gather all data relating to the unidentified alien ruins . What do you mean they 're not identified ? The architecture is not Covenant design and it sure as hell wasn 't built by humans . They pre-date both sides . This site is of the utmost importance . We photograph everything . That 'll be all , Master Sergeant . You can rejoin your men . You will be dropping in precisely five minutes . With this mission , there is no room for delay or error . Good luck and Godspeed . [ YELLS ] [ GRUNTS ] [ air hissing ] CORTEZ : Outch , come in . OUTCH [ OVER RAOlO ] : I 'm alright . Where 's O 'Brien ? Over there ! [ air hissing ] [ OORTEZ GRUNTS ] CORTEZ : His oxygen tank ! Outch , get the gear . We gotta get him outta there . [ GASPS ] Are you guys nuts ? Why you throwin ' me around like that ? Huh ? OUTCH : We lost Checkman in the atmosphere . What ? And we almost lost you , too . [ panting ] CORTEZ : Their logistics and refueling base is here . We 're here . The Prophet will becoming in at exactly 0800 . Hmm . Everything depends on us getting a clear shot from this location and we 've got to hit him as soon as he 's exiting that ship . It 'stwo milesfrom the target and should give usthe elevation for the shot . It 's pretty far , but it will give us enough cover to make our extraction . Assuming that the Spartan can make the shot that is . OUTCH : And if we don 't make it to the target in time ? CORTEZ : Therewon 't be any second chances . O 'BRlAN : That 's a long-ass march . OUTCH : Then we better get marching . O 'BRlAN : Wanna take the lenscap off ? CORTEZ : Knock it off , O 'Brien . [ ALL gasping ] [ MUFFLED GRUNT ] [ GRUNTS ] [ WHlMPERlNG ] [ YELLS ] [ BRANOH RUSTLES ] [ WHlMPERlNG ] [ ROARS ] [ growling ] [ ROARS ] [ O 'BRlAN GRUNTlNG ] [ panting ] [ GRUNTS ] [ yelling ] [ BRUTE OHlEFTAlN roaring ] [ GRUNTlNG ] [ ROARS ] [ O 'BRlAN GRUNTlNG ] O 'BRlAN : I 'm not crippled , put me down ! You bitch any louder and this place will becrawling with Covenant . Shut your mouth . He just got lucky ! OUTCH : That 'stwice ! Twice he had to save your dumb ass already . You could at least say thank you . O 'BRlAN : Man , those are some stairs . CORTEZ : The shuttlewill be touching down in two minutes . After all this , he better be everything they said hewas . [ BRUTE OHlEFTAlN roaring ] CORTEZ : Take him out ! [ BOTH grunting ] [ gunfire ] [ ORAOKLlNG ] [ OORTEZ GRUNTS ] [ GASPS ] [ panting ] Take the shot . O 'Brien , now . You 're the only onewho can do it . [ GROANS ] [ ALL GRUNTlNG ] [ ROARS ] It 'sthe data . On the ruins . Tell them to get it to Halsey . She 'll know . No , you give it to her . [ GROANS ] We both know that 's ... that 's not gonna be possible . Heard about what you guys did down there . You took out a Prophet and stopped the Covenant supply chain dead for the entire Arc sector ! They say a Spartan died there . Went down faster than new boot on hisfirst day of basic ! I thought those guyswere supposed to be unbeatable . I guess he didn 't havewhat it takes to hang with the Helljumpers , huh ? Shut up . [ GRUNTS ] What 's your problem ? What the hell 'sthe matter with you guys ? What 'd I say ? [ inaudible dialogue ] English captain : The Covenant hascaptured a high-priority package . Spartans , it 's your job to infiltrate enemy space and retrieve it . Mission window : ten minutes . The target is equipped with a location beacon . But you 'll have to get close to read it . It 's a weak signal with a short radius . A local stellar magnetic field is preventing the Covenant fleet from making a slipspace jump . You 'll be flying in with EVA booster frames . When you reach the Covenant fleet , find the signal , find the ship , find a way in , and grab that target . The Covenant doesn 't appear to realize the full value of what they 've acquired and that 'stheway wewant to keep it . Complete the extraction before they figure out what they 've got . Alright , Spartans . You have your orders . Good luck . ALL : Yes , Sir ! MASTER chief : Captain . captain : What is it , Master Chief ? MASTER chief : What happens if we run out of time ? Then our only choicewill be to annihilate the Covenant fleet , the package and your entire team . isthat clear enough ? MASTER chief : I understand . WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : Spartan team , the moment we break stealth , commence operation . Five , four , three , two , one ... Oisablecloak . Booster frames , launch . MASTER chief : Incoming . Optimize mobility ! Plasma rounds ! [ powering UP ] MASTER chief : Scanning device is activated . SOLOMON : I 've got a reading ! KELLY : Are you sure ? SOLOMON : No question . Back me up ! I 'm going in ! Their shields are down ! The signal 'scoming from that cruiser . KELLY : Hang on , Solomon . Wait for the Chief . SOLOMON : No time. I 'll take my chances . KELLY : Alright , if we 're gonna do this , let 's make it fast . MASTER chief : A positive read from the first scan ? Somethin 's off . KELLY : Hurry , Solomon . SOLOMON : Gotcha . [ powering UP ] KELLY : No . Kelly ! It 's a trap ! No . [ alien chuckling ] alien 1 : They took the bait . Three have perished . The rest are only a matter of time . We must always show our superior strength . Anything less , and they will exploit our weakness . " Weakness . " You have faced these lowly creatures in battlewhile your battalion perished . That tells me only one thing . You have not the heart to diewith honor . alien 2 : Commander , two survivors detected . KELLY : Solomon ... MASTER chief : Kelly ! Look ! KELLY : I 'm getting multiple readings . MASTER chief : They 're decoys ! They know what wecame for . ARTHUR : How do we find the real signal ? MASTER chief : They 've already told us . What wewant is in the heart of thisfleet . The flagship ! KELLY : Seraph formation two o 'clock ! MASTER chief : Ignore them . Stay on target . alien 2 : Four enemies approaching . They know . Will you run away once more ? They will be here. I shall face them . You overestimate them . They cannot touch this ship . THEL : I pray that you are right . MASTER chief : Tight formation , now ! Concentrate GAUSS Cannons on a single point ! FREO ANO KELLY : Roger ! FREO : Shields at maximum charge ! KELLY : They 're still with us . I 'm hit . ARTHUR : I 'll hold them back . I 'm losin ' it . [ ARTHUR SCREAMS ] FREO : Arthur ! FREO : You gotta eject ! I got your six . [ KELLY GRUNTS ] FREO : You secure ? KELLY : Gimme the turret ! Now I got your six . MASTER chief : Let 's get on with it . FREO : GAUSS Cannon charge , eighty-five percent ! KELLY : They 're advancing position . FREO : Ninety-one percent ... [ ALARM beeping ] MASTER chief : There it is ! Launch all missiles . GAUSS Cannon , fire . FREO : Thisthing 'stoast . MASTER chief : Then let ' em have it . [ aliens SNARLlNG ] [ ALL growling ] FREO : Looks like this isthe right ship . KELLY : We got three minutes . MASTER chief : Let 's sprint this . Oon 't fall behind . FREO ANO KELLY : Copy that . MASTER chief : Go ! [ aliens screeching ] [ aliens GRUNTlNG ] alien 2 : Three units ! Passing Sector 25 ! Stop them ! Seal all hatches ! MASTER chief : Fred . FREO : I got it ! alien 2 : The enemy is advancing ! No ! Where isthe Major ? ! [ THEL GRUNTlNG ] FREO : Go ! I got this ! Alright . The GreatJourney ends here . KELLY : Fred ! MASTER chief : Focus on the mission ! We get the target ! alien 2 : Commander , they 're getting closer . Getting closer are they ? Not for long . KELLY : Chief ! Break off the entire block . alien 2 : But Commander , our brothers are still ... alien 1 : Silence ! Let them diewith honor . KELLY : Chief ! Go get her ! MASTER chief : Kelly ! Kelly . MASTER chief : Ooctor Halsey ... John , it 's you ... Yes. I 'm here to take you back . Sleep well , Ooctor ? HALSEY : No thanksto their driving , yes . MASTER chief : You seem to be in one piece . Maybe your luck has rubbed off on me . MASTER chief : We make our own luck . But I 'll always be therewhen you need me . Oon 't make a girl a promise if you know you can 't keep it . Still . Thank you . Sure . Ooctor Halsey ... HALSEY : It 's not a proper rescue until you get us out of here right ? MASTER chief : Agreed . We need to move fast . [ BOTH grunting ] [ ALARM wailing ] HALSEY : John , wait ! MASTER chief : We 're outta time . THEL : What ? No ! alien 2 : We 'reclear of the magnetic interference . Stand by for slipspace jump ! They 're trapped in Oelta Section . Separate the moment we jump . alien 2 : But what of the Major and his group ? No matter . He is already shamed . His only path now is death or Arbiter . THEL : I had him ! Commander you fool ! Athousand hells await you ! MASTER chief : They 're scuttling the ship . And uswith it . But we make our own luck , remember ? MASTER chief : What are you suggesting ? HALSEY : What else ? We improvise . MASTER chief : Ooctor , we 've got company . Can 't you do anything ? Can 't this bucket go any faster ? What 's happening ? FREO [ OVER RAOlO ] : Cutting it a littlecloser , aren 't we ? MASTER chief : Fred . KELLY : Ooctor , are you alright ? Yes , I 'm fine . FREO : These Covenant rigsfly like rocks . It took us a bit to get rolling . KELLY : Incoming ! HALSEY : What ? captain : Welcome back , Spartans . HALSEY : You really are lucky . You know that . MASTER chief : Not lucky enough . We lost two Spartanstoday . Solomon and Arthur . And that Elitewe encountered ... Hewas strong . I have to be stronger . HALSEY : We all have to be stronger . Something tells me this is just the beginning . English
