 Previously on Caprica ... - Come on , Lacy ! - I 'm sorry ... I can 't . - Look , it 's okay , I promise , okay ? They 're gonna welcome us on Gemenon . - I 'm sorry . - I thought I knew my friends . I guess I was wrong . - It 's God 's will . - What ? - No ! - Lacy--Lacy , it 's me . It 's okay . You can take a good look . Zoe 's original program was destroyed When he put me in here . So at least he won 't be putting any more of me in more robots . I mean , I 'm Zoe ... and the avatar , and the robot . Like some kind of whatchamacallit--three-parter . - Trinity . That 's what you are . - I lost my daughter . - Me too . Daniel Graystone says he can bring my daughter back . But can I trust him ? Our daughters ... They 're gone . - Yes . But ... What if they could come back ? - Mr. Joseph Adama is at the main gate Requesting entry . - Denied . My daughter died in the Maglev bombing , but she continues to exist in the virtual world . You 're an avatar , a virtual representation of Zoe . - Went back in to iron out some of the kinks , And Zoe 's avatar was gone . - You know Tamara 's gone- - - It makes sense that they would disappear at the same time . - Family is more important than the law . It 's all about control and power . - Whoa , hey , come on- - - Let him cuff you , Willie . It 's okay . - So what are you doing , Sam , running a criminal school ? - How could my daughter have set off a bomb ? you know you can 't search here . My husband does defense work on the premises . - Just here to ask a question . It 's about Ben Stark . He was your daughter 's boyfriend . A group known as soldiers of the one Is responsible for the bombing . - My daughter died In the bombing of train number 23 . My daughter was part of the soldiers of the one . My daughter was a terrorist ! - Amanda Graystone 's shocking revelation That her own daughter may have been a- - - There are apparently hackers out there Who are working on a virtual game version Of the bombing . - I didn 't have any classes with her , But it 's scary to think she could be a terrorist . - Into holobanding , but I don 't want to support Graystone- - - Is it true that the hospital has asked you to leave ? - Do you have a minute ? - Doctor , do you think that you 'll be fired ? - I wasn 't fired . I resigned my position . - So you quit . Do you think the publicity has hurt the hospital 's image ? - Dr. Graystone , this is your chance To tell your side of the story , let people hear the truth . - You 're not interested in the truth . You just want to destroy me and the memory of my- - - You okay ? - Get out of my way . - Someone in the crowd has just thrown a bottle Or a glass or something at Amanda Graystone . We 're not hurt . I 'm okay . I 'm okay . - What ? - Oh . Did I get you with that ? So sorry . Be careful , Lacy . You might get hurt . - Uh , yeah . Like , uh ... Like all the people on that train . - Big news in the publishing world today- - Uh , Daniel Graystone is revising his autobiography . Uh , a lot of you know it as The man who could see the future . It is now going to be titled , wow , I didn 't see that coming . - That blind side . - Yeah . That 's pretty good sparring , though . - Thanks . - Did you catch any TV last night ? - I hate TV . - Sarno 's having a field day . It 's not just him . Other pundits are weighing in- - - Scandals are sunburn , Cyrus . They fade . - Or they give you cancer . - Point is , Sarno 's making public opinion , And everyone in the twelve worlds is watching . I know a woman . - That 's nice . - Priyah Magnus- - best P.R. person on Sagitarum , Looking to make a move to Caprica . We never replaced Karkov in that job- - - I hate TV , and I hate P.R. ! - well , you think you do , But you don 't . You already play the game . - All right , thank you , brad . I 'm done . What ? - Why else would you come to this rat hole ... Instead of the big , beautiful , and expensive gym Down at the lab ? Why ? You want to look like a man of the people . - I come to this rat hole because I like it here . Besides , I know what your woman 's gonna say . She 's gonna want me to go on " The Sarno Show " and debase myself trying to win public sympathy by telling charmingly self-deprecating anecdotes . Turn my family pain into a plus--forget it . - We 're a long way from turning this into a plus , Danny . We 're trying to keep this from blowing up in our faces . Sorry . Poor choice of words . I meant we 're taking a real beating out there . Have you seen our stock prices ? - I 'm not doing P.R. Kha-riss . - Kalil . Kalil- - - Taurons are terrible drivers . Did you know that ? - Take the car- - - come on . - All right , all right , easy . Take it easy . Look , if--if it 's money- - - I don 't want your frakking- - - You got balls , I 'll give you that . Adams . - It 's Adama now . I see you 've met my brother . - Pleased to meet you . Now ... Hang on . Let 's- - Can--can--can we talk ? - Yeah , sure . Oh , I like to talk ... Yeah . Like about my niece , Tamara . But she 's dead . - See , she 's dead ' cause you raised a terrorist , And I frakkin ' hate terrorists . - I want to see Tamara again . Take me to that room and let me see my daughter . - I told you , she 's--she 's gone . - Well , you said you think she 's gone . She 's not . I 'd feel it . I 'd feel it ! - Okay , okay . - Get up . Come here . After I see Tamara , I want to see my wife . - What ? - That 's right . Make an avatar . We talked about this before , remember ? - I cannot make ... Another avatar . No matter how many bones you break , The program is gone . It was my daughter 's , and ... And it died with her . - Okay . Okay , let 's say I believe you . But Tamara ... She exists . I know she exists . I 'm gonna call on you again . And next time ... Pick up the phone , big shot . - You may want to learn to drive yourself . Can 't trust anyone these days . Hey , Willie . lost - - burritos . - What does that say ? - The time . - Says I was hungry 20 minutes ago . Know what else it says ? Go away . - You lost , kid ? You look lost . - You look like you 're a funny guy . - Grabbed Plex right off the street . - Frakking badgers . Virgans could frak their wives right in front of the cops , And they 'd throw us in jail for it . - Probably . - I been in jail . - - what 's he talkin ' about ? - He 's talking about that pinch for the window . - you 're so cute ! - Hey , hey , Sam ! Your nephew says he 's done time . - Kid goes through a revolving door at the station . Now he 's a hardback . Watch out . Get your hair cut . - Later , tough guy . - - What are you doin ' here ? - I was helping . - No , you always go to school first thing , all right ? You wait for them to take attendance , Then you skip . - So what , you want me to go back now ? - No , once you start in a direction , It 's best to just keep going . - All right , this is what we 're gonna do . I 'm gonna call in . Gonna tell them That it 's a Tauron day of devotion to Mars . Your school 's got too few Taurons To figure out that it 's skor , right ? Then you stick around here till 3 : 00 , And then I take you home . lost - Welcome back , Daniel . There are 53 stored broadcast mentions Of your name today . - Play in order . - Following the revelation that the owner 's daughter Was involved in the Maglev bombing , But that several players have asked to be traded . - It 's a shame to see something like this Affect the game , Abasi . You know , I think it might be time for Graystone To step away from playing an active role in- - - Stop . Cancel automatic recording . Erase stored material . Imdo you need assistance ? Ad . - No . There 's a first-aid kit in the lab , right ? - Yes . - So he 's in courtroom b-7 , but it 's a confidential hearing . You 'll have to wait outside . - And did he say what it was about ? - No . All he said was That if Adams isn 't waiting outside my courtroom When I open that door , I 'm issuing a bench warrant , And I guarantee he won 't make bail before the weekend . - And you have no idea . - No . You 're caught up on everything . Motions are filed . Declarations in order . - And the special delivery ? - First priority and on time , as always . - Then what the frak ? - I don 't know . But he was pissed . Good luck . - Oh , um , Evelyn , Do you think maybe this one last time you could- - - I 'll get you coffee , Like you promised I 'd never have to do again After the first year , the second year , And the third . - I know . - I 'll get it . - Thanks . I love those shoes . - Thanks . - Zoe used to sit here with me in the afternoon sometimes . - Thank you . - She called it her sanctuary . - Can I have some sugar ? - Yeah . We need to be very careful now--the bombing , Amanda Graystone 's confession , Zoe 's name- - I mean , we could all start to look very guilty . - But we 're not guilty . I mean , we weren 't involved in any of that stuff . Do you have any lemon ? - yeah . People will be trying to link us to what 's happened . I mean , you were Zoe 's friend , and I was her confessor . She told me everything that was in her heart , Her most intimate desires , Her deepest fears- - right here in this room . - Sorry , but do you have a spoon ? - I can be your confessor as well , Lacy . Hear your worries , your concerns . Share your burdens . - I sh--I should go . I have astronomy tutoring now . Got a problem with my stars . - Babe , are you here ? - Yeah . Oh , gods , what happened ? - Oh , gods ! - Someone hit you ? - Someone threw a bottle at me . - It hit a frakking reporter , though . But this looks bad . What happened ? - I ran into someone else who lost a child on that train . We didn 't exactly bond . What are you doing ? No stitches . - It 's just glue . Just to hold that together . - No , thank you , sweetheart . - There won 't be a scar . But you 're gonna have some very cool bruises . - Okay ? - It hurts . - I know . - Ow ! - Stop squirming . You 're worse than Zoe . I know what you 're thinking . - I didn 't say anything . - You don 't have to . I know . - I just wish you 'd thought about the consequences Of saying something like that in public . - I was in shock . Can you imagine what it 's like to stand in front of that woman And find out that Zoe had been sleeping with her son For almost a year ? - They were not sleep- - - oh , Daniel , please ! - Look , my point is , you make this claim About her being a terrorist to the twelve worlds- - - It 's not a claim . It 's the truth ! She joined a terrorist group . She held a bomb in her hands . she stepped onto a crowded train . She triggered the bomb and ended her life And the life of all those other people . - We have no idea what actually happened on that train . We have no idea who did what Or who didn 't do what . - Daniel , it 's the truth . It 's the truth . You know it . - I know . I know . But not everything true Needs to be announced to the worlds on television ! - I know , I just did it ! I didn 't know what I was saying ! It just happened . I 'm sorry ! - You 'd do it again ? - Yes , I would ! I 'm sorry . - You drive me crazy . Let me bind that wound for you . Come here . - No . Not a chance . - You don 't trust me . - No . I 'll end up With my nose glued to my ear- - are you kidding me ? - Could be interesting . - How about a good frak ? I need to be close to you right now . - This might not be my best morning for it . - I 'll be gentle . I promise . - " Terror confession " ? I like the sound of that . - Yeah , well , don 't get too excited . She probably just scared off everyone else In her daughter 's cell . - Good day , sir . - Good day , sir . - Heads up . - Sir . - What do you think got her to go public ? - I don 't know . I saw her talking to Mrs. Stark . Trouble . - Director . - I found this labeled " Starke " with an " E " ... Instead of " Stark " with no " E. " - You want to explain to me What you were doing riding your bike 00 at night ? - Oh , frak . - I stayed late after school . I-I just totally forgot about the curfew . - What about the wires and the detonators That we found in your bag ? - Look , look , th--th--these are for model rockets . That 's why I was staying late after school- - Model-rocket club . Look , can I leave , please ? - Just wait here . - So were you incompetent when you misspelled his name , When you let him walk out of here , Or when you failed to destroy this tape ? - Sir , I don 't even remember that interview . - You don 't remember- - even better . - We pulled in lots of kids for curfew violations . If you remember , that 's the kind of crap That this department was saddled with before the bombing . - She let him walk out of here with a pat on the bottom , An apology , and a book bag full of wires . - Sir , the time stamp on the tape says it was a year ago , Most likely before there was any kind of plan , Any kind of intent . - Yeah , and I 'm sure that 's how They 're gonna spin it in the press . Guys ... J- - Just--just be better . - Oh , frak me ! I can 't believe I had him . I don 't even remember anything about him . - Time to be better . - Starting with ? How do you think people would react If they knew that terror mom 's house hadn 't been searched Because of bureaucratic red tape ? - I don 't think they 'd be very happy . - I don 't either . Helen . Caprica tribune , please . - You 're here . Good . We 're walking . - Your honor . - Plexico Amarcord . - Yes . He 's my client . - You 're willing to let him stand trial ? Let him take his chances in front of a jury ? - I-I think there seems to be a mistake . Um ... My office assured me that , uh , a delivery was made to you ... - A mistake . - At the usual place . - You mean like not talking to me face-to-face ? Like leaving money in some frakking drop Like I was one of your frakking low-life clients Picking up a skim ? - It 's not like that . I- - We talked about it Amarcord . - We never talked about Amarcord--never . The deal is you talk to me face-to-face every time . You have to ask for these favors . You don 't just assume they 'll be granted And then drop your money like you take me for granted ! - I 'm sorry . I thought we talked about him at the last conference . - You thought . You 're getting sloppy . Your head 's not in the game anymore , Adams . - It 's Adama now , sir . - I don 't give a frak what it is ! This 'll cost you double the usual . - Double ? - Yes . And I know the guatrau won 't like that , So it 'll be coming out of your pocket . See you in court , Adams . - Ta-frakking-da ! - Oh , my god , you have a body ! - I figured out how to hook the holoband to me- - Well , to the robot . Oh , I never thought I would be so happy To just be back here , Back in my own virtual skin . I know it 's not real , but ... I guess it never really was . - Can you come here anytime you like ? - I 'm gonna rig it so , uh ... Yeah . When--when the robot isn 't doing something , I- - I should be able to use a wireless connection To virtual space . - But can you stay ? Can you just live here like this as an avatar again ? - God , I wish I could . The things that I have to see in that robot body . - Where are we ? - This is where I hacked in . Some little virtual room Daddy created for some reason . He probably wouldn 't bother with a whole new grid , so ... It 's gonna be shared code with the rest of v-world . It 's gonna show up as a door . Where are you ? Are you in a safe place ? - Outside my house . Listen , school 's getting hard . Sister Clarice is fishing , acting weird . I think she wants to know if you exist . - She doesn 't even care that Zoe died . All she wants to do is find me And use me for whatever her plan is . - But wasn 't that Zoe 's plan too ? I mean , if Zoe and Clarice were working together , Maybe we should let her know about you . - No . Zoe didn 't trust Clarice , for some reason , And I think we have to go with that . I keep thinking how Zoe never showed me to her , How Zoe didn 't give her access to the computer account , To the program . - I-I found it ... I think . - Can you help me ? - Who are you ? - My name 's Tamara Adams . - I 'm Zoe . This is Lacy . Are you all right ? - If this is a dream ... I think it 's too long . I can 't feel my heart beating , And that 's freaking me out right now . But there 's nothing I can do about it . - I don 't think this is a dream . - How did you get here ? - I don 't know . I don 't remember where I was before this . - Hold on . Your dad--Zoe 's dad- - Has this girl in his private virtual space ? - I guess . - She 's pure avatar , right ? Something he invented ? - Must be . If she was an avatar of an actual someone ... They 'd just take off their band . Look ... This is a door , all right ? We 'll all go through here and escape , okay ? Come on . You 'll be free . - Can you be free if you 're not real ? I hope so . - ... Graystone , seen here in a school photo . The GDD has released Maglev security-camera footage That places her with suspected terrorist Ben- - - Graystone stock has been in a freefall Since Amanda Graystone 's confession of her daughter 's involvement . - Protests continue to grow , as we see here from our- ... The controversy surrounding the team . Tonight 's game is gonna be a real test for the Bucs . - The god of the underworld Very quickly issued a statement , Saying he 's still ahead of the Graystones . so ... - It 's spiking his ratings , And it 's putting him on the home page Of every site in the twelve worlds . But he 's running a big risk too . He 's making jokes about a terrorist attack , For the gods ' sake . We might be able to generate some outrage at that . - I 'm glad we 're not talking about Baxter Sarno . - More than half of college-aged viewers Say they get their news from Sarno . - That 's so sad . - The good news is that it 's a two-way street , And we can use him to reach those same people . - Not interested . Plums , anyone ? They 're fresh . - Dr. Graystone , I understand your reluctance , But as a P.R. tactic , going on Sarworks . Remember that actor that got busted for drugs ? - which one ? They all go on there , charm the colonies , And everything 's swell . But I also remember when the commerce minister went on , And Sarno ripped him a new one . The man is anti-corporation . He 'd love nothing more than to get me in his chair . - You asked for my advice- - - no , actually , he did . - It 's the brand , Daniel . It 's becoming associated with terrorism , And that 's not something we can let sink in . - Sarno is all but saying It was the holoband that made her do it . - Oh , please . - Other people are picking up on that idea . - That 's ridiculous . The band is benign . - Well , there 's the press release- - " The band is benign . " Problem solved . - You don 't want a logical appeal . It has to be emotional . You have to make people care . - - And say , " Yes , Zoe was involved " In some way in the tragedy . " She was a troubled girl . She got mixed up with the wrong people . " - And the thing we want to nail down is , No one has to worry about their kids doing what Zoe did . Say that a million times- - she wasn 't a normal kid . - She was a normal kid . - You know what I mean . She was in the S.T.O. - They want you on tomorrow night . - I will not go and drag my daughter 's memory Into the publicity machine . No matter what my wife said , no matter what 's true , I 'm not going on television To say that my daughter was a terrorist ... Or troubled . She was my girl . No . Serge , show these lovely people the way out . - Yes , Daniel . Are you okay ? - Where are we ? - It 's called the v-club . Are there doors to the outside ? - There are doors to everything . All shared code shows up as a doorway . Some rooms have a million doors . It doesn 't have to make physical sense . - I need to get outside . The air will wake me up . - You want me to come with you ? I mean , until you feel comfortable . - Zoe , we don 't know how much time you have . - Okay , I 'm just not gonna abandon her . - This is crazy ! - I don 't need your help ! It 's okay . I can find my own way home . - Are you sure ? - Yeah . I 'm okay . Thank you . - You 're welcome . - Mm . I have someone for you to find- - Keon Gatwick . - Who 's that ? - Ben 's best friend . They were close . Ben knew everything about the plan to get to Gemenon , so Keon knows everything too . You need to find out how they were gonna get from Caprica into the safe house on Gemenon so we can follow their plan . You 're going to Gemenon . Well , Zoe said I had a purpose on Gemenon . God wants me there . She was gonna bring me there , and I was gonna be something special . What if ... what if the purpose is bad ? Zoe said my purpose was wonderful , so it is . You have to take me there in the robot body . Somehow the chip and the body are working together to make me ... Do you realize you are 6 feet tall and you weigh a ton ? Lacy , please . I need to know I can count on you to do this . I need to know that you 're gonna get me to Gemenon . You chickened out once , Lacy . - I was scared . - You can 't be scared now . God , if I had gotten on that train , I would be dead . She is dead ... and I am all that is left of her . If you 're my friend , you 'd do this . - Clarice . - Alvo . - You were told not to contact us . - I 've made progress . I thought you should know . - Progress ? - Yes . I 'm getting closer to finding the Zoe Graystone avatar . - And lost control in the process , Causing us a premature explosion That 's brought retribution on our heads . - My life is dedicated to serving soldiers of the one . And the Zoe Graystone avatar is gonna help the soldiers To serve the lord through apotheosis . Or do you deny that prophecy ? - Not everyone shares your view of apotheosis . Your search for this avatar is putting us at risk . - I 'll not abandon god 's plan . I know that Zoe Graystone was beloved of god ... And that she was given the spark of life itself , And that was her gift to all of us , And it will save all of us . - For your sake , I hope you 're right , Clarice . Work quickly . - I-I can throw you off . - My knees are pointy and fast and hard . You 're S.T.O. , so why are you giving me such a hard time ? - I 'm not--I 'm not S.T.O. - Try again . You 're too stupid to think of a good reason That 's not a real reason , so let 's hear it . - Oh ... Okay . I 'm S.T.O. If anyone finds out I 'm going to the meetings , I 'm in big trouble . And--and it was just meetings . It was just me and Ben and Pann and Hypolita and ... I mean , without Ben , it 's not anything anymore , so ... - Clarice isn 't running it ? - Sister Clarice ? What are you talking ab- - - Forget it . Forget it . Look ... I made a promise to Zoe before she died . I need to get something to Gemenon , Something secret . It 's for Zoe . - I 'm really sorry ... About your friend . And ... Everything . So maybe you could get off me now . - Zoe was my best friend , Keon . I made a promise . - I 'll see what I can do . - So have you seen Tamara ? Did you talk to her ? - I haven 't . I just checked the computer to be sure The avatar was still there . - And she 's there , right ? - As of three hours ago , she was , yes . Shall we ? - Tamara ? Tamara . Tamara ! - She should be here . - How big is this room ? - Well , that--that question Doesn 't really have any meaning- - - Don 't give me techno talk ! Just help me find my daughter . - Okay . I 'll be back in a minute . - Baby ! Tammy ! - I don 't know what happened . I-I just checked the computer back in the real world , And now it 's ... It 's only detecting two avatars- - Yours and mine . She 's gone . I 'm sorry . I 'm ... I 'm sorry . - You said she was there . - I-I thought she was . I-I was wrong . The computer must have been registering an underwritten backup file from her avatar , Like a ghost image . It happens . - Tamara 's ... Really gone ? - I 'm afraid so . - If only I hadn 't seen her . - I know . - If you didn 't bring her back- - - I know . I know , I 'm sorry . But we can 't save them . - I 'm sorry . - first reported on the Caprica Tribune website , news that bureaucratic red tape is holding up investigators from executing a search warrant on the Graystone residence is causing yet another round of unwanted publicity for Graystone Industries . Stocks took yet another dive in after-hours trading on Scorpia , Bringing Graystone to a new year lo- - Now , that ... is good police work . Her idea . - Really ? - Yep . Well , it brings you halfway back . So we get the warrants ? I have three messages from the justice minister already . She 's out judge-shopping . I predict you 'll have it first thing tomorrow . - Yes ! - Make it count . Find something at Graystone 's house , hmm ? What could have possibly led this affluent teenager into becoming a terrorist ? - ... Dismissal from Caprica General Hospital . Amanda Graystone was attacked by protesters- - - Now , the hospital is refusing to confirm the resignation , leaving some to speculate that Dr. Graystone- - - Graystone Industries stock continues to slip . Analysts are starting to be concerned about Graystone Industries ' scheduled loan payments- - Almost 2 billion cubits it owes to the Twelve Colony Banking Consortium . - That 's right , Erin . Industry analysts say that the drop in value of Graystone stock of nearly 25 % is due to fearism and outright default on these loans . The stock fell 18 points to an all-time low ... Hello ? Have Priyah book me on Sarna tomorrow . Yeah ? What happened ? I , uh ... just get it done . Looks like this company is going to be a sell for the foreseeable future , unless something drastic happens to change the situation . Order , nature , strength , love . Why 's Jupiter bigger ? Because your dad 's a lawyer . So order is the most important thing in his home . At our place , Mars is like three times the size of the others . It 's ' cause , lucky me , I married a tough guy . Why didn 't you guys ever have kids ? Like pick out an orphan , like you and Dad were . Maybe if I change jobs . Life I have now is , uh , not so good for kids . It 's not so good for grown-ups . You know all you do is skhet-lee-ah-dzane . Then why do you love me so desperately ? 'Cause I got issues . Hey . A-del-feh-mu . - Hey . - I was expecting you hours ago . Can I talk to you , Sam ? What 's up ? Daniel Graystone lost his daughter , right ? I lost my daughter and my wife . Balance it out .
