 Comunication . It 's the word to any successful relationship . It 's true between people , and between the company and theirs employess . Debie . Relax . Breath . Turn . Hello . I want comunicate to you and idea had bought - The meals-ready-to-eat project . - I 'm sorry . It 's my fault . What 's your fault ? I 'm not prepared to have a meeting right now . Oh , no . We 're not having a meeting . We 're just ... I 'm not prepared , I wish I was . because when I 'm not prepared , I get nervous and repeat . Repeat . Why don 't I just jot my idea down and send it to you ? that would be fantastic . Fantastic . She gets a little nervous around me . Luckily talk with Debie isn 't only way to We communicate around here . There 's also the memo . memo 314 ... employees must not use offensive or insulting language in the workplace . " Employees must now use offensive or insulting language in the workplace " ? This has to be a mistake . Why would the company want us to swear at each other ? Well , maybe they 're trying to make the people at work seem more like a real family , butt-munch . Yeah , this is gonna be good . Like everything the company does to us , is got to save money , maybe when someone 's called a " lazy sack of crap , " they work harder so they can just be a " sack of crap . " Oh , this is gonna be a problem . People here follow memos . That memo came out saying people have to follow memos . This one is gonna cause potty-mouth chaos . Oop , Ted 's gearing up for a burst of middle-management leadership . Out goes the chest , up goes the chin ... I am going to go get this fixed . And away . This whole memo thing Is bringing up this strange sensation . It 's like my feelings are itchy . Oh . Sounds like something human is trying - to fight its way out of you . - Yes , I think it 's an emotion ... like joy or spicy food . Technically , spicy food isn 't a ... So what is it about the memo that brings all this up ? well , it reminds me of another memo five years ago , when I was promoted to this job . I was up against this man ... Walter ... who had the same last name as I do , although we pronounce it differently . There 's another way to pronounce " Palmer " ? In his family , the " p " is silent . I think they 're dutch . Sounds like their stupid handiwork , with their cheeses and their giant propeller buildings . So Walter ... " aimer " ? I know . Those people are unbelievable . Anyway , they announced the promotion in a memo , Congratulating V. Palmer only then , it went on to wish him well . I put through the paperwork , but I 've never known whether that job was really meant for me or Walter . Maybe that itchy feeling you have is guilt . Guilt is a powerful emotion . Every Thanksgiving , it makes me take three planes just so i can visit my racist aunt cookie . So this is guilt , huh ? In the past , I 've always just counteracted this feeling with other emotions , like sugar or drunk . You should talk Walter . Maybe find some way to help him . Guilt it is a terrible thing to carry around . Well , I do hate this feeling . - I hate it like I hate ... - don 't tell me . The dutch ? I don 't hate the dutch . I love the dutch . That 's why I hold them to a higher standard . I don 't know where this memo came from ... but it 's obviously a mistake , so I was hoping human resources - could put out a correction . - We 'll look into the matter . Really ? No . The company doesn 't make mistakes like this , mr . Crisp . What about that memo announcing " casual fribsday " ? The company said that wasn 't a mistake . They explained that the ancient mayans prophesized fribsday ... the first ever end day of week , which will occur in 2024 , and the company believes should be celebrated casually . I 'm going to wear a denim pantsuit . And when they urged all employees to " carpoop " ? That was not mandatory . Thank God . Although , we did find out what people will do to park slightly closer to the building . So you 're not gonna help me with this ? Sorry . I like the memo . All day long , I have to listen to people like you complain . Now I can finally tell ' em what I think , - you white-toothed Ken doll . - You know , having white teeth and looking like a handsome doll is not exactly ... ' - turd-hat . - Very enough . the company wasn 't going to retract the memo telling employees to be rude and abusive , and that meant things we are going to get very confusing for Phil in lab , who unfortunately never read their memos . And so this new line of meals-ready-to-eat gives the soldier in the field a portable meal with all the home-cooked flavor of something mom used to chemically dehydrate and vacuum pack . I was looking at the ingredients and I was wondering if there 's enough protein content , you boob . Excuse me ? I was wondering about the protein content . - But then you said ... - You boob . There is . I suppose we could add more protein to the thing we call " beige block three , " or " stroganoff . " It 's got plenty of protein , you big-eyed stick insect . The problem is the vegetables . Okay , fellas , let 's just try to keep it under control here . Don 't listen to these bucktoothed hillbillies . Taste is the real problem . It 's a battlefield , not a four-star restaurant , back-alley crab muffin . Okay , I gotta ask ... What 's going on ? Because this meeting is a lot saucier than the one yesterday . Looks like somebody didn 't get the memo . he asks a simple question and you give him sarcasm for the eighties ? Here . oh , it 's an actual memo . They want us to insult each other ... sir ? that wasn 't a good one . But in my meetings , that 's not going to happen . But the memo said we had to . Well , we 're not doing it in here , pudberger . What ? That 's his last name . So Veronica went down to the basement ... hoping she 'd feel better if she talked to Walter Palmer . Hello , Walter . I don 't believe it . Veronica Palmer . I 'm sorry , Palmer . I never could get used to the way you pronounce it . Here , I brought you a cake and a jar of herring . Maybe you can wait until I leave before you smear the cake with it . I 'm not dutch . Uh , and the dutch don 't smear herring on half the things you say they do . But thanks for the cake . Is it my birthday ? I sort of lose track of time down here . No , I just want to say I 've always felt bad that we had to compete for the same job . Please . I 'm the one who feels bad . I 've always hated how I acted in the bull pen after losing that promotion . It was not a good impression of you , and I 'm sorry I stretched out your shoes . Don 't worry . They were the cheap footwear of my former life . can I buy you something to cheer this place up ? Maybe a lava lamp or a freezer of steaks . I 'm the one who feels guilty about the way I handled your promotion . Let me make it up to you ... take you out for a drink or something . Ew . Are very thoughtful , but I can 't . Oh , I get it . You 're still mad at me . I 'm such a jerk . And I deserve to carry this guilt around back and forth in this tiny basement . Okay , I 'll have a drink with you . Any chance you have a bottle down here , and we can just knock it out right now ? That meeting was chaos . I hate all the name-calling . And it 's nott because my mama is fat and does sit around the house . I kind of like it . It makes people freer ... like they can say whatever 's on their mind . Even Debbie spoke up today , and she never talks in meetings . Well , we 're not doing it in here , pudberger . What ? That 's his last name . All right , let 's just try to regroup . Wait ! You pretty-boy suit rack . What this m.r.e. Needs is ethiopian stew . It 's hearty , nutritious and simple , like all of you bastards . Debbie 's never opened her mouth before , - and it was a good suggestion . - It was a good idea . But then mark called her a Tory-loving royalist , and everything fell apart again . You ju don 't like this because you always have to be in control . You 're a control freak ... that 's what you are . I don 't always have to be in control ... although , it is my exact job description . You 're tall , you 're handsome , you got the power tie , the power suit . People think you 're intimidating , Ted , and you like that because it means - you get everything you want . - Okay , first of all , my appearance is not my fault . God made me this way , and then he told me where to shop for suits . Ted , a little caos can be a good thing . My grandpa met my grandma when a Tornado blew her into his barn . He pulled the rake out of her chest and proposed on the spot . We really should have been reading these memos . Damn ! We didn 't have to work on Thanksgiving ? And look ! Like I suspected , we were supposed to be wearing lead aprons when we were working on that genital x-Ray project . Here it is . " Employees must now use offensive or insulting language in the workplace . " I can play this game . I wrote that humorous column in my college newspaper ... " Lem 's snappy answers to theoretical physics questions . " Pow ! You 've been Lem-basted . I 'm terrible at insults . As a child , I was beaten up constantly . The best comeback i ever came up with was , " you 're right . I 'll work on that . " I can help you , you sad jar of hobo urine . Pow ! I 've been Lem-basted . Hey , who is that relaxed and approachable guy ? Is that Ted ? Why , yes , it is . You look like you 're on your way to mix cocktails at a swim-up bar . Well , i-I was thinking about what you said ... about how I might seem a little controlling and intimidating . So I tell you to take a look at the way you approach life , and you put different clothes on ? What a dill weed . And that 's not a company-mandated insult . That one came from the heart . Well , come on . The clothes are symbolic ... the first step in saying that I 'm willing to try to make a change . Actually , I was hoping the clothes would cover it . I had the worst night last night . Didn 't you get the memo ? Casual fribsday is not until 2024 . I 'm trying to be less intimidating . Apparently , my ... wow . That 's the fastest I 've ever lost interest in something . I went out with Walter Palmer last night because of you . Me ? What did I do ? You started questioning memos , which brought up all this itchy guilt , so I agreed to have drinks with the guy . He told me , after he lost the promotion , his wife left . I felt even more guilty , so i let him take me out to dinner , where I learned he also lost his house . Then I find out he 's living in his parents ' basement , which is so damp , his dog got arthritis , fell down the stairs and now has to be carried around like a suitcase . - So I let him kiss me . - Oh , my God ! But then I still felt guilty , so I let him feel me up . - Oh , my ... - yeah . I 'm thinking i might need new breasts . These are covered in sadness . Wow . This is like the most depressing " penthouse " letter ever . I kept waiting for the guilt to lift , but it never did . What am I gonna do ? Maybe I 'll buy him a boat . Guys like boats , right ? Hey , Veronica . I had a great time last night . I was wondering if maybe i could take you to dinner later for a little Walter and Veronica , version 2.0 . how would you like a boat ? something you could just get in and go ... Really shove off ... Just get out of here . Well , I couldn 't take a gift like that from you . I 'd feel too guilty . Yeah , guilt . What a horrible thing . See you at 8 : 00 . Oh , and this time , please don 't say , " thank you for kissing with me . " can you press " 10 " for me , you rat-face nazi ? Your breasts should be on display at the swiss museum of miniatures . You said 10 , right ? Before we start , I realize some people may think I 'm controlling and a little intimidating . But I want you to know , all ideas are welcome . Really . I want to hear from everyone . could you repeat that in English ? I don 't speak wuss-ass . We 're not doing that in here , Phil . I 'm so very sorry . You won 't hear another word out of me . So not being controlling lasted for about one second ? I 'm sorry . The naggity-nag-nag bitchy-bitch is right . Anything anyone wants to say is fine by me . You heard the corporate chimp . Start making suggestions for meals-ready-to-eat before his head goes back up his butt . I like fresh tomatoes , right off the vine . Oh , come on , mark , use your head . How are we gonna get fresh ... open forum , chim chim . Just let the ideas flow . I 'm sorry , mark . I 'm writing it down . Sometimes when I 'm lonely , I like to watch myself eat . Why don 't we put a mirror in there ? You like to watch yourself eat ? I 'm writing it down . I like to have some wine with dinner . They 're soldiers ! Writing it down . I need your help , slut . What 's the problem , tight-ass ? Easy , Linda . It 's a memo , not a magic shield . I need to make a man run screaming from my life . I 'm happy you came to me for advice , but sad this is my area of expertise . I went out again with Walter . Now if I blow him off , he 'll think that i hurt him five years ago , then looked him up and got him to fall in love with me so I could hurt him again . Plus , I backed over his foot when I was leaving , which , according to our relationship math , means tonight 's the night . Well , in my experience , scaring a man away is pretty easy . Basically , you 're gonna want to put three words into heavy rotation ... future , babies , commitment . Back off ! I need my space . Wow , those words are powerful . What are you ciphering there , jethro ? I 've really enjoyed repeating the put-downs you 've been feeding me , but I want to do it on my own . Give a man an insult , he can hurt people for a day . Teach a man to insult , he can hurt people who tease him because he never learned to fish . Anyway , I 've devised a formula . Look at that . You had a problem in your life and who stepped up to help you ? Math . She has always been there for you , hasn 't she , Phil ? If she ever took physical form , I 'd leave my wife and marry her . Stand in line , my friend . Anyway , it 's really quite simple . You take a person 's most marked physical feature , compare it to genitalia ... male , female or animal ... and end with the suffix " - bag , " " - wipe " or " - muncher . " You could also add an optional reference to excretion from any of the glorious openings offered by the human body . Should we take her for a spin ? Excuse me , Roger ? Your head looks like lizard butt flap , you snot wipe . Walter . Hey ... it looks like somebody can 't get enough of me . You 're right . I can 't . In fact , we need to talk about us and the future of our babies and how they 'll be committed . Wow , that 's a lot to take in . Okay . I need this relationship to have a future because I need babies . That 's right ... big , screaming babies shooting out of my uterus , just stacking up like cordwood . Really ? Yes , sir . That 's all I ever think about ... the future , babies and commitment . Future , babies , commitment . Future , babies , commitment . Commitment , commitment , commitment , commitment ... whoa , slow down ! This is happening a little fast . Okay ! I 'll do it ! - Babies , babies , babies , babies ... - yes ! As many as you want ! My parents always say that since my wife left , I 've been too cautious about relationships , but damn it ! This is the one . I know it is . Let 's light this candle and blast off into a calm , settled , monogamous relationship . Oh , my . Look at me . I 'm so happy , I can 't feel my legs . so I took everyone 's ideas for the meals-ready-to-eat project , and here it is . The specs called for a soldier to carry three of these in his backpack . Now we have to design a 14-foot soldier . Good news , Ted . I cured Walter of his fear of commitment . He wants to get portraits painted of the two of us with his suitcase dog , all wearing turtlenecks . I 've got a box lunch the size of a handball court . Now I gotta go find Phil and Lem and straighten out this m.r.e. Disaster . Don 't " boo-hoo " me . Did that m.r.e. Touch your boobies , Ted ? Then shut the hell up . What I didn 't know was Phil and Lem weren 't in the lab . They were having an entirely different adventure ... test-driving their new insult-generating formula . Your eyes look like two beady rabbit pellets on the face of a monkey-licking pus-bomb . - You 've just been Phil-abusted . - Nice ! That 's it ... fill up your canker-blossomed hole , you ale-soused apple-John . That was the elizabethan model . Ye have been served . nice man-boobs , for a panty-snatching steroid muncher . What 's the matter ? Didn 't you get the memo ? no , Phil , he didn 't . He delivers the water . He doesn 't work here . thank God that finally broke . Hey , Ted . I may go home early today and never come back . you can 't go home . I need you guys . And that 's it ... the insulting language stuff has got to end , you douche-nozzles . Sorry . That was one for the road . We just got Ted-ucated . Look , Janet , it 's crazy out there . Two of my guys just got beaten with water . I 'm sorry . There 's nothing I can do , mr . Crisp . I don 't like that memo anymore either . Way too many people are having fun with my name . I 'm surprised it took this memo to get that train out of the station . Look , I 've had several complaints , but the company is not going to admit it made a mistake . What if it didn 't have to admit it made a mistake ? What if it could just say that it ... it 's making a-a new policy , based on a groundswell of employee opinion ? Look at that pretty little head of yours , working up ideas . I 'm a fan . Well , I like you , too , Janet . So we gonna do this ? What are we talking about , exactly ? End this policy . Oh , that . Well , if we call it a groundswell , I think the company would go for it . That way , it gets to pat itself on the back for listening and being a great communicationer . You mean " communicator . " That 's not what it says in the handbook . hey , I just got this memo . We don 't get to swear at each other anymore . It was due to a " groundsmell . " well , the good news is , this company does not squander its best and brightest typing memos . So is this all going in the m.r.e. ? Yeah . It now stands for " meal really enormous . " This is what happens when you take everyone 's suggestions . Well , why did you do that ? Because someone I care about thought I was controlling . You care that much what I think about you ? You are taing about me , right ? Yes . so is any of this stuff usable ? Yeah . Debbie 's ethiopian stew is pretty good . And ... and when it hardens , it forms an unbreakable arch support in your foot . Oh , well , see ? There you go . All you needed was one good idea . And you got that because you listened to everyone , which you did because you listened to me . In case you missed it , the lesson heris listen to me . What 's this I 'm hearing about ethiopian stew shoes ? It 's all they 're talking about upstairs . Well , speaking of exciting developments ... when I was in h.r. , I dug up this old memo about your promotion . All the executives had to sign off on it . Really ? " I know we agreed not to let women into upper management , " but Veronica Palmer is man-smart . " And , hello , as she breaks through the glass ceiling , we can all look up her skirt . " Oh , my God . That promotion was mine . I didn 't ruin Walter 's life . what is wrong with those old farts upstairs ? Seriously , they wrote that in 2005 . I am off to scrape Walter off my shoe . You may want to be more gentle ... I have a hickey on my belly . And so Veronica went down to the basement and broke up with Walter . But then she made it up to him by giving him a new aboveground office . Wow . thank you . Phil and Lem retired their insult formula and made amends with the water guy . and I realized communication isn 't just about talking . It 's about listening . Debbie , I just wanted to say I appreciated your work on the m.r.e. , and when it comes to any other toughts you may have , I 'm listening . I think we should go out , Ted . You can do whatever you want to me . And just because I listen doesn 't mean I have to take every suggestion .
