 The bullet ripped up my insides . They said that it 's gonna be almost impossible - For me to get pregnant . - You will be shot three times . You , agent benford , you will kill agent noh on March 15th With the very gun I assume you 're carrying right now . We need to talk about what I saw . It wasn 't our wedding . It was his funeral . We can do more than wish . We can change the future . my therapist gave me this drug to unlock the parts Of my flash-forward I couldn 't remember . We were talking on the phone together . Now it 's time for you to tell me everything . Mosaic is bigger than you . You 're just a-a tiny speck , mark . Agent vogel has officially joined the mosaic task force . If you want to avoid being killed , you 're gonna need A better partner than mark benford . The second that jericho knows That I 'm still alive , they 'll find me and they 'll kill me . Corporal mike willingham . I was in tracy 's convoy When it was attacked . I can 't have you drinkin ' here . - It just doesn 't work for me . - Fine . I 'll go somewhere else . visitahton rigs will be over In five minutes . Have you been going to meetings ? Every Tuesday and Thursday . And you 've been staying out of trouble ? You haven 't been fighting ? You know me , tracy . I keep my head down . It 's gonna happen , dad . You 're gonna get paroled . They just can 't say no this time . Transfer guard call is to the main gate . I 'm gonna make this up to you , trace , If it 's the last thing I ever do . Just promise you 'll smile at the hearing . Ear to ear . Visiting hours are over . Okay , sweetheart . Lockdown in cell " b " will be initiatedin 30 minutes . Your girl goes to gloucester high , right ? She 's cute . Girls that age ... They 're in full bloom . Not quite sure what to do with their new curves yet , though . And your daughter- - She 's got that look in her eye . Don 't you ever , ever talk about my--uhh ! Get off ! Get him off . Sinc by Finovsk I 'm good , thanks . Tracy . What are you doing here ? You said I couldn 't drink at home . I know you don 't want to hear this , but trust me . I 've been sitting exactly where you 're sitting right now . I know what you 're going through . Please just spare me the a . A. Talk , dad . You have no idea . And what gives you the right to come in here- - We can talk about this as much or as little as you want . But let me just ask you one question Before you shut me out again . if you 're so scared these jericho guys Are after you , And I found you by walking into the closest bar- - Do you really think this is a smart move here ? Do you ? - Mark is going to shoot you ? - He is not going to shoot me . You just said that woman in hong kong saw a report- - Armed men guard this woman while she eats dinner , all right ? Babe , she 's shady . Yet she still knows the serial number to mark 's gun . That doesn 't mean he 's going to be the one - That pulls the trigger . - He 's a prime suspect . Please , don 't--don 't - - don 't get all lawyer-y on me here . All right ? Mark is the one who went halfway across the world . He risked his life , all to find out who might kill me . Babe ... he 's not the guy . all right ? It was your memorial . I figured it out , dem . What was happening on the beach ... It wasn 't our wedding that I saw . Baby , it was your memorial . It doesn 't matter . I filed the paperwork to destroy the gun . It 's already in the evidence locker . Everything 's gonna be fine . Everything is gonna be fine . Come here . You gotta trust me . Okay ? I 'm gonna marry you . Not getting out of it . * whose eyes are those * * too fair to be * * but the night in day 's clothes ? * * speak , speak it , I beg * * if you know it * * just say it plain * * lorraine 's * * what thing is this * * at my feet * * at my heart ? * * if you know anything * - Zoey . - We need to talk . All right . Come on in . Hypothetically , mark . Hypothetically . Come on . Even I could come up with a scenario Where I 'd want to kill demetri . Look , no matter how crazy things get , I 'd never hurt demetri . But what if demetri 's got a gun to your head ? He 's about to pull the trigger . To save your own life , - do you shoot him ? - Come on . - Do you kill him , mark ? - I know you love demetri , But I think you may want to reel it in there , zoey . so the question becomes , What could you possibly do where demetri would want you dead ? Do you have some deep , dark secret - Worth killing someone over ? - No . Then what am I missing here , mark ? Well , here 's a theory- - Someone at the bureau 's been leaking information , Putting a lot of us in danger . Now I don 't think demetri 's - The guy , but if he was- - - well ... I 'm sorry . I thought we were playing " outrageous accusations . " Go to hell , mark . second down and 6 for iowa For 69 yards will break the huddle . Patterson to work out of the shotgun , spread formation Two receivers to his right . takes the snap , drop back . looking , trying to hook up with samuels , near side By a good 5 yards on that one . Are you mr . Aaron stark ? The commandant of the marine corps Has entrusted me to express- - I was a marine recon . I know why you 're here . When and how ? - Mr . Stark- - - when and how ? Two days ago , Near kunar province . Your daughter 's unit encountered the enemy . A rocket-propelled grenade hit her humvee . I know they 're gonna send a letter . we 're done . Is that what I think it is ? Grilled peanut butter and banana sandwiches . Best thing in the world for a hangover . I always thought you made it ' cause I liked it . Two birds , one stone . Tracy , there 's something I need to ask you . The name james erskine ring any bells ? No . Should it ? I had mark do some digging . Turns out this jericho outfit- - They 've got branches all over the world , But they 're headquartered out in santa monica . Erskine 's head of operations . Mark also did a background check on your c.O. Musgrove ? Is he dirty ? Lieutenant paul musgrove was killed In a helicopter crash two days after your supposed " death . " Please tell me you don 't think that 's a coincidence . No , I don 't . - And I got a buddy at the pentagon- - - Dad , please . I appreciate everything , but this is- - This is out of control . I should 've never listened to khamir . What 's he got to do with this ? When jericho started looking for me again After the blackout , I knew that I had to leave , That it wasn 't safe for anyone to be around me . A humanitarian relief plane landed near our village . They were headed back to the u . S. , and they had room For me onboard , so they hid me in their cargo hold . Khamir said that it was a sign - it 's all part of my destiny That I was supposed to come back here And bring you back to afghanistan . What an idiot I 've been . Aren 't you being a little hard on yourself here ? No . Once I got back here , and I actually saw you , The thought of bringing you back to that hellhole , To a place where you could get killed- - I couldn 't live with myself If anything bad happened to you , dad . Don 't worry , sweetheart . I 'm gonna be okay , And so are you . Trust me . Trust me . so do you want to explain Why you brought me in here again ? April 29th . We were on the phone together . Remember ? A lot of things came up on that call- - The name d . Gibbons , some initials--q.E.D. , Oh , and the fact that there 's gonna be another blackout . You don 't have anything to say about any of that ? No ? We have a sketch . We don 't know who he is . But around the time of the blackout , He was happily cloning credit cards . He assumed the identity of someone named d . Gibbons . Based on our call , you seem to know him . I don 't . No ? No , I don 't . Okay . You know what ? I don 't have the time to play pissy brit with you . Let 's take a walk . - Hey . - Hey . Lunch ? I was in the area . I thought I 'd bring you a little something . Oh , thanks , honey . You didn 't have to do that . Well , she did , and such a generous portion . There 's no way you 're gonna finish that whole thing . Don 't worry , stan . I brought you something even more delicious.Hmm ? I filed a freedom of information act request On everything this office has on the mosaic investigation . If there 's even one word in there that will keep you safe , - I have to- - - this is my office , okay ? You don 't just come in here and serve my boss papers . I 'm not gonna stop Until we 're on that beach together . Somebody better start making some sense real soon . It 's pretty simple , actually . I 'm going to be reviewing all of your mosaic-related files . I 'm sorry , stan . She 's going to be leaving right now- - Is this about mark 's gun ? Please tell me that 's not what 's going on here . Mosaic 's the subject Of widespread national media attention , Which is precisely the type of issue which qualifies For expedited processing under f.O.I.A. Tell somebody who cares . Can I recommend you start with a judge ? 'cause that 's the only way I 'm opening up assified files to you . Yep , we could do it that way , stan , no problem . But going into court- - it 's public , And I 'm guessing that " public " Is not going to help your investigation much . Agent noh will make the files available for you to review . Thank you . Mike ! How 's everything ? Can 't complain . Like my dad says , if all my problems Could be solved with money , I 'm doivg good , right ? How are you holding up ? couldn 't be better . Could not be better . That 's so great to hear . I think I know why . I got a call last week . It was my birthday . Blocked number . Person on the other end of the line doesn 't say anything , But they don 't hang up , either . We just sit on the phone in silence . Suddenly , it hits me ... it 's tracy . she 's alive , isn 't she ? She 's at my house right now . Can you believe that ? It 's come true . It 's come true . What are we doing here ? You 're gonna take me through everything you saw ... - You 've got to be joking . - And where you saw it . We were on the phone together . You heard everything I said . But I don 't know why you said it Or what you saw during the rest of your vision , for that matter . So if you want to help me stop another blackout from happening , Or even if you don 't , you 're still gonna walk me through it . You got that ? So let 's move it . This doesn 't bother you ? Start at the beginning . I got a text message . I was getting up from the bed . I was--I 'm sorry , are these details really necessary ? Do you think I want to hear ' em ? I noticed that I had a text message on my phone . It was from simon . It was a formula , or part of a formula . I 'm not sure . I had it written out here on the--on the mirror . Sorry , I have to make a call . The mirror ? Uh , yeah . I used lipstick . Look , I had a sense there was a woman in the room , But I swear to god , I had no idea it was olivia . The next thing I did was dial a number . I didn 't know it was yours . You said it wasn 't a good time . I asked if you 'd been drinking . You didn 't take that very well . - go to hell , lloyd . - We need to talk . - About what ? - The q.E.D. On the phone call , you said you were close To cracking the q.E.D. Yeah , it 's latin . It means- - Quod erat demonstrandum . " that which was to be demonstrated . " Could be , but could be q.E.D.- - Quantum electrodynamics . - Actually , wait , no . - No ? Well , I said " the q.E.D. " You wouldn 't put a definite article in front Of the latin meaning or the discipline . But , well , you would put it in front of a formula . The one on the mirror ? Absolutely . Sorry to keep you waiting , miss hawk . Um , is there anything in here about prior medical histories ? We need to discuss a couple of things Before we go any further . I have a letter here from your obstetrician . The injury that you sustained when you were shot Makes pregnancy unlikely for you . Your o.B. Thinks it 's too soon to pursue this , - And frankly , I agree . - What do you mean , you agree ? I think we have a better chance of succeeding if we wait . Okay . In my flash-forward , I saw that I was pregnant . I was into my second trimester , Which means ... I have to get pregnant now . I 'm worried you 're not thinking - This whole thing through . - Well , you 're wrong about that , Because I can 't stop thinking about this . I know that there are risks involved , But no amount of research or statistics Is gonna change the fact that I want that baby- - Not a different baby two years from now When I 'm more sure about my life or whatever . I want this specific child . This is my baby . Thank you . I told you to drop this . No , you told me to trust you , and I do . Then drop it . I 've already found something in alda hertzog 's deposition - That may help us . - Drop it . what if it were me ? What if I didn 't see anything ? Would you listen if I told you to stop ? Fine . You want to dig , you keep digging . But serving my boss with papers , Trying to smear my partner- - That is way the hell over the line . I 'm going to do whatever I can to prevent your murder . * you 'll know when it 's over * * you 're the only one around * * when the time comes , you 'll come back here * present arms ! ready . Aim . Fire ! fire ! fire ! Sweetheart , I 'm home . Somethin ' burning ? trace ? What ? Trace ? tracy ? Tracy , where are you ? She 's alive , isn 't she ? As we spoke , I walked down the stairs . By then I was , uh , standing here . I-I heard a little girl 's voice . I presume that was your daughter . Go ahead . It 's your house , too . She went into the kitchen with dylan . You started explaining something . Well , it 's only theoretical , but I 'm close to cracking it . You need to hurry . There 's gonna be another blackout . I hung up . I sat down on the couch . The last thing I remember was that I heard a voice ... Hey , honey . Before I could see who it was , I woke up on the floor at n.L.A.P. Wait . You skipped something . Why were you so adamant when you started talking About d . Gibbons ? The man you call d . Gibbons lied to you . I don 't know . I don 't know him . I didn 't ask if you knew him . I asked , why were you so adamant ? I don 't know . You know this man - not in the future . - Right now . - Well , I don 't . I was angry because I was on the phone with some drunk . You called me . I was important to what was going on . You 're not telling me everything . I don 't know any d . Gibbons . You said d . Gibbons was a liar . He is a liar ! So you do know him . Hey , mike . I 've been trying to reach you . What 's up ? I talked to jack . He said you were movin ' ? Yes , sir . My old man got me a job closer to home . Can 't say no to family , right ? Good on you . Nothing more important than family . I 'm glad I caught you . What do you say ? Let me buy you a burger before you take off . - Come on . Come on . - All right , a quick bite . did you know I went to prison ? You serious ? Two and a half years . Got into a bar fight , Hit a guy a little too hard . Damn . I didn 't know that , aaron . Where is this place ? Tell you one thing- - prison , especially where I was , It changes you - makes you a capable man . Capable of what ? Anything . Everything . You feel like an animal . Guess you do what you gotta do , right ? Exactly . That 's what I think . But the trick , mike , Is leaving that animal inside once they let you out . That animal 's got no place in the world . I 've worked real hard to keep him locked up . But you know what ? Today I 'm gonna let him out . * whoa , black betty , bam-a-lam * * whoa , black betty , bam-a-lam * * black betty had a child , bam-a-lam * Where is she , mike ? * said oh , black betty , bam-a-lam * Where 's my daughter ? I don 't know what you 're talking about ! Aah ! Aah ! I know you tipped off jericho ! Aah ! - Where 'd they take her , mike ? - Dude , I don 't--aah ! Where 'd they take her , mike ? You break an arm like this , it never heals right . You 're gonna get us both killed ! You first ! Everything 's out of control at work . You know , wedeck 's not talking to me . Why not ? Zoey ... Ambushed him with f.O.I.A. Papers . She thinks alda has some information about my murder . That 's crazy . It 's like she 's acting like she loves you or something . All right , janis . Where were you today , by the way ? I was at a fertility clinic . okay . Mm-hmm . wow . Yeah , I know . I practically had to beg them to take me on as a client . Did they ? Yeah . All right . I pushed pretty hard . But I have to conceive this baby next week To match what I saw . Next week ? Oh , well , that 's ... That 's great . That 's great . Aren 't you , uh , Aren 't you scared , though- - The whole mom thing- - I mean , with our line of work and all ? Yeah , I know , but that 's kind of my point . I don 't want my life to just be about being an fbi agent . And if I want that life , I have to start living it right now . When I got shot and I was lying there Listening for the ambulance , The only thing I could think about was that baby And the possibility that I wouldn 't get to have her , That I would miss dressing her in pink ... That I would never get to brush her hair . Broke my heart . Janis , don 't get me wrong here , but ... She doesn 't exist yet . Yes , she does . I know she does . She 's out there Making her way toward me . I 've spent almost every waking moment Thinking about who she 's gonna be . I can 't wait to meet her . You 're gonna be an awesome mom . Thanks , dem . We both have to fight for the futures we want . Get rid of that gun . The man you call d . Gibbons - his real name is dyson frost . Dyson frost ? Mm-hmm . - How 'd you know him ? - I heard him give a lecture On the wave structure of matter once . He was on sabbatical at oxford . I was doing research on wave mechanics , And I had to sit there and listen to him take credit ... for work I 'd done but hadn 't published yet . I mean , it was indisputably mine , but I had no way of Proving he 'd got his hands on it . Bastard . So d . Gibbons is a liar . Some time after I read his obituary , I remember thinking , " good riddance . " But obviously , he 's still alive . And at some point assumed the identity of " d . Gibbons . " Charlie said , " d . Gibbons is a bad man . " I thought maybe ... You said it to her ... In your vision . No , I didn 't . You haven 't asked her about it ? I 've tried . She 's shut down . Well , it seems I 'm not the only person you need to talk to . These men who kidnapped you - did they tell you Why they took you , what they wanted ? Was it revenge ? Okay , so they torture you for 72 hours , Cut off your friend 's finger - yet they never told you why , Made any demands , threatened you in any way ? They didn 't threaten me . They threatened dylan . Lying to me won 't keep him safe . Talking to me will . I gave them everything ... Energy levels , equipment settings , Monitoring parameters . Could they use any of it to cause another blackout ? That 's what I 'm afraid of , Especially after what I said to you in my vision . This guy ... Dyson frost ... He 's the key . We find him , maybe we can stop this thing from happening again . I need your help , lloyd . I 'll do whatever I can . I got some interesting information from lloyd About dyson frost , also known as d . Gibbons . According to simcoe , dyson frost wrote this seminal paper About something called " the mirror test . " what the hell is a mirror test ? It 's a test that determines recognition of consciousness Among species- - humans , elephants , crows . Crows ... Somalia ? Everything points to it , stan . The crow die off in somalia . We found towers in the satellite photos . We need to be there . I spoke to a team leader at red panda . They fly in and out all the time safely . Bird-watching in somalia ? How am I gonna sell that to washington ? you don 't . It 's always better to beg for forgiveness Than ask for permission . Hmm . this is mark . Leave it here . I 'll get back to you . mark , it 's me . Some serious stuff has gone down , And I need you to run a background check On that guy james erskine , the head of jericho . Get back to me as soon as you can . Thanks , buddy . Appreciate it . james , is she ready for the cake ? We 're all set . What the hell ? - James erskine ? - Yes ? Good afternoon , sir . I 'm with the department of water and power . Computer is telling me we 've got some surges Affecting some houses . Do you mind if I take a look At the main line out back ? Take a look . I need you to get it fixed . We need the power turned on . Come on . We 're throwing a birthday party here , And it 's like the middle ages . Good afternoon , miss hertzog . Do I know you ? I 'm zoey andata . You met my fiance demetri noh . Remind me to send you a condolence card In a couple months . You can send me a wedding present instead . Nothing 's gonna happen to demetri . All prognostic evidence to the contrary . Oh , we 've already seen that the future can be changed , And I think you 're gonna help me change it . I 've been going over the transcripts Of your interrogation , and I think you know more Than you 've told the fbi , And I think that what you do know Is somehow related to demetri 's death . And you think I 'd give up this information to you Because I 'm a believer in true love ? Ma 'am , if you let me represent you , The only thing you need to believe in Is attorney / client privilege . Right . A fed 's girlfriend is going to exonerate me . Let me ask you a question . In your flash-forward , Were you in prison ? so are you gonna fix this thing already , Or do I have to call somebody else ? I 'm not here to fix your power . What ? I 'm here to get my daughter back . Look , I don 't know who you are or what you 're talking about . Tracy stark . I know you took her . Now you 're gonna give her back . Daddy , when are they gonna fix the power ? Soon , baby . Soon . I 'll be right there . okay . I can 't give you your daughter back . Then we go to war . I can 't because I don 't know who she is Or what the hell you 're talkin ' about . And if that means we 're at war , then we 're at war . But if this is your opening salvo , buddy , I 'd consider surrendering . You know the guys you really gotta be afraid of ? The ones who got nothing left to lose . I understand ... But you 're staying here . And it isn 't because you 're irrational , erratic And frequently stupid . It 's because you 're essential . I don 't like you , But , uh , I need you . Listen , janis , demetri- - If they don 't make it back , it 's a tragedy . But if you don 't , it 's a catastrophe . The truth is , mark , our entire investigation Hinges on what 's in your head . And I 'm here to make sure you don 't lose it before April 29th . But in hong kong , you said mosaic was bigger than me . I lied . I 'm cia . I do that . And that 's why no one trusts you folk . Yeah , I don 't need ' em to trust me , mark . I just need them to do what I say . You 're staying here . yeah ? It 's me . Just had a visit from the father . You 're kidding me . I thought your guy - what 's his name ? Willingham , sir . Yeah--willingham . I thought he was gonna keep an eye on him . He was . We ended the surveillance this week . You want the dad taken off the board ? The package is secure , right ? We need to talk to her , So make sure she stays alive . Yeah , it arrived in kandahar this morning . Then get rid of the father . daddy ? Gotta go . It 's my turn in the bounce house . Here I come , baby . Kandahar . they 're calling you to kill me , mikey . Too bad you got places to be . You people with the fbi found out about somalia . As cia , I can get us there . That 's what being a joint task force is all about . Now you know the deal - ganwar region , 1991- - Crows fell from the sky . There were anecdotal reports Of a mass loss of consciousness . Archived satellite photos show five towers Running a perimeter around the village in question . One of those towers remains standing . Our goal is to access that tower and determine If and how a blackout occurred . Are we using mark 's red panda plan ? No . Mark wanted to work with red panda . We 're going as red panda . That violates about a dozen international treaties . Are you sure we want to go down that road ? This is international intelligence , agent hawk- - Cia jurisdiction . It 's my ball to call . Great . When do we leave ? When we leave is classified . The tower you 're investigating is based on my designs- - Designs that were stolen from me when I was 13 years old . Our plan is to document The site extensively for your review . You can 't document something you don 't understand . You need me on-site . You showed me the towers Because you didn 't know what they were . I was the one who told you . Do you know anything about somalia ? Mm , a bit dry . Gorgeous beaches . It 's a failed state . They haven 't had a functioning government since 1991 . Oh , I saw " black hawk down . " I get it . The fact is , you can 't make sense of the tower without me , And you know it . Learn it , cover to cover . Mm-hmm . And stop by medical and get your shots- - Cholera , typhus and ten other bugs you never heard of . Just be warned , we will be off the reservation . So if things go sideways , there is no cavalry . See you on the tarmac . Hey . Came to take you home . - It 's been a long day . - Not finished here yet . Oh , you 're finished . I say you 're finished . Let 's go home . You , um ... You want to tell me what that was all about ? It was about doing everything that I can To make sure you 're on that beach with me On our wedding day . I needed those files because ... I 'm representing alda hertzog . You 're what ? She has information about your death , And I want to know what it is . - So I made a deal with her . - Oh , my ... I get her a hearing . She gives me the details . She is a terrorist , zoey ! She 's a terrorist ! A suspected terrorist , dem , with information That might save the life of the man that I love , so- - I can 't believe what you 're doing here . Baby , I would do anything - anything . If I thought it could save your life , I 'd do anything . I 'm scared . I don 't want you to die . Baby , I love you . I love you , too . Okay . okay . Okay . I love you . Come with me . There 's something I gotta take care of . this is mark . Leave it here . I 'll get back to you . mark , just calling to let you know that things Have escalated a little bit with tracy 's ... Friends . But it 's okay . I 'm good . Things are happening just the way they 're supposed to . Whoa , buttercream frosting . Irina , this cake is outstanding . I 'm gonna be going off the grid for a little while . If you need me ... Sorry , man . Take her out of here . these people went too far , And I 'm not gonna lay down . It 's my time to make a move . I 'm in this thing all the way to the end . how 'd you find me ? I 'll always find you , kiddo . so long , buddy . It 's a service weapon , formerly belonging to agent mark benford . Serial number a-5-6-1-9-8-4 . - That 's the one . - I 'll bring it right out . - Thanks . - And , demetri ? - Yeah ? - I have a blowtorch if you want . - Thanks , man . - All right . Figured I 'd just rent a boat and throw it out In the middle of the ocean , But , um , the thought of watching it melt ... Not bad . I 'm sorry . I can be a little ... Confrontational at times . You ? No . It 's one of the things you love about me though , right ? It is . It 's right up there with clipping the toenails in bed . Jerk. come on . demetri . yeah ? It 's gone . What are you talking about ? The box is here . The slip is here . But the gun is gone .
