 the bullet ripped up my insides . they said that it 's gonna be almost impossible for me to get pregnant . you will be shot three times . you , agent benford , you will kill agent noh on march 15TH with the very gun i assume you 're carrying right now . we need to talk about what i saw . it wasn 't our wedding . it was his funeral . we can do more than wish . we can change the future . ( mark ) my therapist gave me this drug to unlock the parts of my flash-forward i couldn 't remember . we were talking on the phone together . now it 's time for you to tell me everything . mosaic is bigger than you . you 're just a-a tiny speck , mark . agent vogel has officially joined the mosaic task force . ( GRUNTS ) if you want to avoid being killed , you 're gonna need a better partner than mark benford . the second that jericho knows that i 'm still alive , they 'll find me and they 'll kill me . corporal mike willingham . i was in tracy 's convoy when it was attacked . i can 't have you drinkin ' here . it just doesn 't work for me . fine. i 'll go somewhere else . ( MAN OVER p.a. ) visitation rights will be over in five minutes . have you been going to meetings ? every tuesday and thursday . and you 've been staying out of trouble ? you haven 't been fighting ? you know me , tracy . i keep my head down . it 's gonna happen , dad . you 're gonna get paroled . they just can 't say no this time . transfer guard call is to the main gate . i 'm gonna make this up to you , trace , if it 's the last thing i ever do . just promise you 'll smile at the hearing . ear to ear . visiting hours are over . okay , sweetheart . lockdown in cell " b " will be initiatedin 30 minutes . your girl goes to gloucester high , right ? she 's cute . girls that age ... they 're in full bloom . not quite sure what to do with their new curves yet , though . and your daughter- - she 's got that look in her eye . don 't you ever , ever talk about my--uhh ! get off ! get him off . i 'm good , thanks . tracy . what are you doing here ? you said i couldn 't drink at home . i know you don 't want to hear this , but trust me . i 've been sitting exactly where you 're sitting right now . i know what you 're going through . please just spare me the a.a. talk , dad . you have no idea . and what gives you the right to come in here- - we can talk about this as much or as little as you want . but let me just ask you one question before you shut me out again . ( LOWERS VOICE ) if you 're so scared these jericho guys are after you , and i found you by walking into the closest bar- - do you really think this is a smart move here ? do you ? mark is going to shoot you ? he is not going to shoot me . you just said that woman in hong kong saw a report- - armed men guard this woman while she eats dinner , all right ? babe , she 's shady . yet she still knows the serial number to mark 's gun . that doesn 't mean he 's going to be the one that pulls the trigger . he 's a prime suspect . please , don 't--don 't--don 't get all lawyer-y on me here . all right ? mark is the one who went halfway across the world . he risked his life , all to find out who might kill me . babe ... ( WHISPERS ) he 's not the guy . ( NORMAL VOICE ) all right ? it was your memorial . i figured it out , dem . what was happening on the beach ... it wasn 't our wedding that i saw . baby , it was your memorial . it doesn 't matter . i filed the paperwork to destroy the gun . it 's already in the evidence locker . everything 's gonna be fine . everything is gonna be fine . come here . you gotta trust me . okay ? i 'm gonna marry you . not getting out of it . zoey . we need to talk . all right. come on in . hypothetically , mark . hypothetically . come on. even i could come up with a scenario where i 'd want to kill demetri . look , no matter how crazy things get , i 'd never hurt demetri . but what if demetri 's got a gun to your head ? he 's about to pull the trigger . to save your own life , do you shoot him ? come on . do you kill him , mark ? i know you love demetri , but i think you may want to reel it in there , zoey . ( SIGHS ) so the question becomes , what could you possibly do where demetri would want you dead ? do you have some deep , dark secret worth killing someone over ? no . then what am i missing here , mark ? well , here 's a theory- - someone at the bureau 's been leaking information , putting a lot of us in danger . now i don 't think demetri 's the guy , but if he was- - well ... i 'm sorry . i thought we were playing " outrageous accusations . " go to hell , mark . ( KNOCK ON DOOR ) takes the snap , drop back . ( KNOCK ) looking , trying to hook up with samuels , near side ... ( DOOR SQUEAKS ) ... by a good 5 yards on that one . are you mr. aaron stark ? the commandant of the marine corps has entrusted me to express- - i was a marine recon . i know why you 're here . when and how ? mr. stark- - when and how ? two days ago , near kunar province . your daughter 's unit encountered the enemy . a rocket-propelled grenade hit her humvee . i know they 're gonna send a letter . ( VOICE BREAKING ) we 're done . is that what i think it is ? grilled peanut butter and banana sandwiches . best thing in the world for a hangover . i always thought you made it 'cause i liked it . two birds , one stone . tracy , there 's something i need to ask you . the name james erskine ring any bells ? no. should it ? i had mark do some digging . turns out this jericho outfit- - they 've got branches all over the world , but they 're headquartered out in santa monica . erskine 's head of operations . mark also did a background check on your c.o. musgrove ? is he dirty ? lieutenant paul musgrove was killed in a helicopter crash two days after your supposed " death . " please tell me you don 't think that 's a coincidence . no , i don 't . and i got a buddy at the pentagon- - dad , please . i appreciate everything , but this is- - this is out of control . i should 've never listened to khamir . what 's he got to do with this ? when jericho started looking for me again after the blackout , i knew that i had to leave , that it wasn 't safe for anyone to be around me . a humanitarian relief plane landed near our village . they were headed back to the u.s. , and they had room for me onboard , so they hid me in their cargo hold . khamir said that it was a sign- - it 's all part of my destiny that i was supposed to come back here and bring you back to afghanistan . what an idiot i 've been . aren 't you being a little hard on yourself here ? no. once i got back here , and i actually saw you , the thought of bringing you back to that hellhole , to a place where you could get killed- - i couldn 't live with myself if anything bad happened to you , dad . don 't worry , sweetheart . i 'm gonna be okay , and so are you . trust me . trust me . ( lLOYD ) so do you want to explain why you brought me in here again ? april 29TH . we were on the phone together . remember ? a lot of things came up on that call- - the name d. gibbons , some initials--q.e.d. , oh , and the fact that there 's gonna be another blackout . you don 't have anything to say about any of that ? no ? we have a sketch . we don 't know who he is . but around the time of the blackout , he was happily cloning credit cards . he assumed the identity of someone named d. gibbons . based on our call , you seem to know him . i don 't . no ? no , i don 't . okay. you know what ? i don 't have the time to play pissy brit with you . let 's take a walk . hey . hey . lunch ? i was in the area. i thought i 'd bring you a little something . oh , thanks , honey . you didn 't have to do that . well , she did , and such a generous portion . there 's no way you 're gonna finish that whole thing . don 't worry , stan . i brought you something even more delicious . hmm ? i filed a freedom of information act request on everything this office has on the mosaic investigation . you did what ? if there 's even one word in there that will keep you safe , i have to- - this is my office , okay ? you don 't just come in here and serve my boss papers . ( LOWERS VOICE ) i 'm not gonna stop until we 're on that beach together . ( dEMETRI ) we 'll talk about this- - somebody better start making some sense real soon . it 's pretty simple , actually . i 'm going to be reviewing all of your mosaic-related files . i 'm sorry , stan. she 's going to be leaving right now- - is this about mark 's gun ? please tell me that 's not what 's going on here . mosaic 's the subject of widespread national media attention , which is precisely the type of issue which qualifies for expedited processing under f.o.i.a. tell somebody who cares . can i recommend you start with a judge ? 'cause that 's the only way i 'm opening up classified files to you . yep , we could do it that way , stan , no problem . but going into court- - it 's public , and i 'm guessing that " public " is not going to help your investigation much . agent noh will make the files available for you to review . thank you . mike ! how 's everything ? can 't complain. like my dad says , if all my problems could be solved with money , i 'm doing good , right ? how are you holding up ? ( EXHALES DEEPLY ) couldn 't be better. could not be better . that 's so great to hear . i think i know why . i got a call last week . it was my birthday . blocked number . person on the other end of the line doesn 't say anything , but they don 't hang up , either . we just sit on the phone in silence . suddenly , it hits me ... ( WHISPERS ) it 's tracy . ( NORMAL VOICE ) she 's alive , isn 't she ? she 's at my house right now . can you believe that ? it 's come true . it 's come true . what are we doing here ? you 're gonna take me through everything you saw ... you 've got to be joking . and where you saw it . we were on the phone together . you heard everything i said . but i don 't know why you said it or what you saw during the rest of your vision , for that matter . so if you want to help me stop another blackout from happening , or even if you don 't , you 're still gonna walk me through it . you got that ? so let 's move it . this doesn 't bother you ? start at the beginning . i got a text message . ( WHOOSH ) i was getting up from the bed . i was--i 'm sorry , are these details really necessary ? do you think i want to hear ' em ? ( WHOOSH ) i noticed that i had a text message on my phone . it was from simon. it was a formula , or part of a formula . i 'm not sure. i had it written out here on the--on the mirror . sorry , i have to make a call . ( WHOOSH ) the mirror ? uh , yeah. i used lipstick . look , i had a sense there was a woman in the room , but i swear to god , i had no idea it was olivia . the next thing i did was dial a number . i didn 't know it was yours . you said it wasn 't a good time . i asked if you 'd been drinking . you didn 't take that very well . ( mark ) go TO HELL , lloyd . we need to talk . about what ? the q.e.d. on the phone call , you said you were close to cracking the q.e.d. yeah , it 's latin. it means- - quod erat demonstrandum . " that which was to be demonstrated . " could be , but could be q.e.d.- - quantum electrodynamics . actually , wait , no . no ? well , i said " the q.e.d. " you wouldn 't put a definite article in front of the latin meaning or the discipline . but , well , you would put it in front of a formula . the one on the mirror ? absolutely . sorry to keep you waiting , miss hawk . um , is there anything in here about prior medical histories ? we need to discuss a couple of things before we go any further . i have a letter here from your obstetrician . the injury that you sustained when you were shot makes pregnancy unlikely for you . your o.b. thinks it 's too soon to pursue this , and frankly , i agree . what do you mean , you agree ? i think we have a better chance of succeeding if we wait . okay . in my flash-forward , i saw that i was pregnant . ( WHOOSH ) i was into my second trimester , which means ... ( WHOOSH ) i have to get pregnant now . i 'm worried you 're not thinking this whole thing through . well , you 're wrong about that , because i can 't stop thinking about this . i know that there are risks involved , but no amount of research or statistics is gonna change the fact that i want that baby- - not a different baby two years from now when i 'm more sure about my life or whatever . i want this specific child . this is my baby . thank you . i told you to drop this . no , you told me to trust you , and i do . then drop it . i 've already found something in alda hertzog 's deposition that may help us . drop it . ( EXHALES DEEPLY ) what if it were me ? what if i didn 't see anything ? would you listen if i told you to stop ? fine . you want to dig , you keep digging . but serving my boss with papers , trying to smear my partner- - that is way the hell over the line . i 'm going to do whatever i can to prevent your murder . ( BUGLE PLAYING " taps " ) ( MAN ) present arms ! ( RIFLES COCKING ) ready. aim. fire ! ( RIFLES FIRE ) fire ! ( RIFLES COCK , FIRING ) fire ! sweetheart , i 'm home . something ' burning ? ( SMOKE DETECTOR ALARM BLARING ) trace ? what ? trace ? ( SCOFFS ) tracy ? tracy , where are you ? she 's alive , isn 't she ? as we spoke , i walked down the stairs . by then i was , uh , standing here . i-i heard a little girl 's voice . i presume that was your daughter . go ahead . it 's your house , too . she went into the kitchen with dylan . you started explaining something . well , it 's only theoretical , but i 'm close to cracking it . you need to hurry. there 's gonna be another blackout . i hung up . i sat down on the couch . the last thing i remember was that i heard a voice ... hey , honey . before i could see who it was , i woke up on the floor at n.l.a.p. wait. you skipped something . why were you so adamant when you started talking about d. gibbons ? the man you call d. gibbons lied to you . i don 't know . i don 't know him . i didn 't ask if you knew him . i asked , why were you so adamant ? i don 't know . you know this man- - not in the future . right now . well , i don 't . i was angry because i was on the phone with some drunk . you called me . i was important to what was going on . you 're not telling me everything . i don 't know any d. gibbons . you said d. gibbons was a liar . he is a liar ! so you do know him . hey , mike. i 've been trying to reach you. what 's up ? i talked to jack . he said you were movin ' ? yes , sir. my old man got me a job closer to home . can 't say no to family , right ? good on you . ( TRUNK DOOR WHOOSHES ) nothing more important than family . i 'm glad i caught you . what do you say ? let me buy you a burger before you take off . come on. come on . all right , a quick bite . ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) did you know i went to prison ? you serious ? two and a half years . got into a bar fight , hit a guy a little too hard . damn . i didn 't know that , aaron . where is this place ? tell you one thing- - prison , especially where i was , it changes you- - makes you a capable man . capable of what ? anything. everything . you feel like an animal . guess you do what you gotta do , right ? exactly. that 's what i think . but the trick , mike , is leaving that animal inside once they let you out . that animal 's got no place in the world . i 've worked real hard to keep him locked up . but you know what ? today i 'm gonna let him out . where is she , mike ? ( SCREAMS ) where 's my daughter ? i don 't know what you 're talking about ! i know you tipped off jericho ! aah ! where 'd they take her , mike ? dude , i don 't--aah ! where 'd they take her , mike ? ( GRUNTS ) you break an arm like this , it never heals right . you 're gonna get us both killed ! you first ! ( SCREAMS ) everything 's out of control at work . you know , wedeck 's not talking to me . why not ? zoey ... ambushed him with f.o.i.a. papers . she thinks alda has some information about my murder . that 's crazy . it 's like she 's acting like she loves you or something . all right , janis . where were you today , by the way ? ( SIGHS ) i was at a fertility clinic . ( CHUCKLES ) okay . ( CHUCKLES ) wow . yeah , i know . i practically had to beg them to take me on as a client . did they ? yeah . all right . i pushed pretty hard . but i have to conceive this baby next week to match what i saw . next week ? oh , well , that 's ... that 's great . that 's great . aren 't you , uh , aren 't you scared , though- - the whole mom thing- - i mean , with our line of work and all ? yeah , i know , but that 's kind of my point . i don 't want my life to just be about being an fbi agent . and if i want that life , i have to start living it right now . when i got shot and i was lying there listening for the ambulance , the only thing i could think about was that baby and the possibility that i wouldn 't get to have her , that i would miss dressing her in pink ... that i would never get to brush her hair . broke my heart . janis , don 't get me wrong here , but ... she doesn 't exist yet . yes , she does . i know she does . she 's out there making her way toward me . i 've spent almost every waking moment thinking about who she 's gonna be . i can 't wait to meet her . you 're gonna be an awesome mom . thanks , dem . we both have to fight for the futures we want . get rid of that gun . the man you call d. gibbons- - his real name is dyson frost . dyson frost ? mm-hmm . how 'd you know him ? i heard him give a lecture on the wave structure of matter once . he was on sabbatical at oxford . i was doing research on wave mechanics , and i had to sit there and listen to him take credit ... ( COFFEE POURS , MUG CLATTERS ) for work i 'd done but hadn 't published yet . i mean , it was indisputably mine , but i had no way of proving he 'd got his hands on it. bastard . so d. gibbons is a liar . some time after i read his obituary , i remember thinking , " good riddance . " but obviously , he 's still alive . and at some point assumed the identity of " d. gibbons . " charlie said , " d. gibbons is a bad man . " i thought maybe ... you said it to her ... in your vision . no , i didn 't . you haven 't asked her about it ? i 've tried . she 's shut down . well , it seems i 'm not the only person you need to talk to . these men who kidnapped you- - did they tell you why they took you , what they wanted ? was it revenge ? okay , so they torture you for 72 hours , cut off your friend 's finger- - yet they never told you why , made any demands , threatened you in any way ? they didn 't threaten me . they threatened dylan . lying to me won 't keep him safe . talking to me will . i gave them everything ... energy levels , equipment settings , monitoring parameters . could they use any of it to cause another blackout ? that 's what i 'm afraid of , especially after what i said to you in my vision . this guy ... dyson frost ... he 's the key . we find him , maybe we can stop this thing from happening again . i need your help , lloyd . i 'll do whatever i can . ( mark ) i got some interesting information from lloyd about dyson frost , also known as d. gibbons . according to simcoe , dyson frost wrote this seminal paper about something called " the mirror test . " what the hell is a mirror test ? it 's a test that determines recognition of consciousness among species- - humans , elephants , crows . crows ... somalia ? everything points to it , stan . the crow die off in somalia . we found towers in the satellite photos . we need to be there . i spoke to a team leader at red panda . they fly in and out all the time safely . bird-watching in somalia ? how am i gonna sell that to washington ? ( vOGEL ) you don 't . it 's always better to beg for forgiveness than ask for permission . ( mark ) this IS mARK. leave IT HERE. i 'LL GET BACK TO YOU . ( BEEP ) ( aARON ) mark , IT 'S ME. some SERIOUS STUFF HAS GONE DOWN , AND i NEED YOU TO RUN A BACKGROUND CHECK ON THAT GUY james eRSKINE , THE HEAD OF jericho . get BACK TO ME AS SOON AS YOU CAN . thanks , BUDDY. appreciate IT . ( WOMAN ) james , is she ready for the cake ? we 're all set . what the hell ? james erskine ? yes ? good afternoon , sir . i 'm with the department of water and power . computer is telling me we 've got some surges affecting some houses . do you mind if i take a look at the main line out back ? take a look . i need you to get it fixed . we need the power turned on . come on . ( DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE ) we 're throwing a birthday party here , and it 's like the middle ages . good afternoon , miss hertzog . do i know you ? i 'm zoey andata . you met my fiancé demetri noh . remind me to send you a condolence card in a couple months . you can send me a wedding present instead . nothing 's gonna happen to demetri . all prognostic evidence to the contrary . oh , we 've already seen that the future can be changed , and i think you 're gonna help me change it . i 've been going over the transcripts of your interrogation , and i think you know more than you 've told the fbi , and i think that what you do know is somehow related to demetri 's death . and you think i 'd give up this information to you because i 'm a believer in true love ? ma 'am , if you let me represent you , the only thing you need to believe in is attorney / client privilege . right. a fed 's girlfriend is going to exonerate me . let me ask you a question . in your flash-forward , were you in prison ? ( WHIRRING , BEEP ) so are you gonna fix this thing already , or do i have to call somebody else ? i 'm not here to fix your power . what ? i 'm here to get my daughter back . look , i don 't know who you are or what you 're talking about . tracy stark . i know you took her . now you 're gonna give her back . daddy , when are they gonna fix the power ? soon , baby. soon . i 'll be right there . ( GIRL ) okay . i can 't give you your daughter back . then we go to war . i can 't because i don 't know who she is or what the hell you 're talkin ' about . and if that means we 're at war , then we 're at war . but if this is your opening salvo , buddy , i 'd consider surrendering . you know the guys you really gotta be afraid of ? the ones who got nothing left to lose . you 're going to somalia without me ? no one knows that case better than me . i understand ... but you 're staying here . and it isn 't because you 're irrational , erratic and frequently stupid . it 's because you 're essential . i don 't like you , but , uh , i need you . listen , janis , demetri- - if they don 't make it back , it 's a tragedy . but if you don 't , it 's a catastrophe . the truth is , mark , our entire investigation hinges on what 's in your head . and i 'm here to make sure you don 't lose it before april 29TH . but in hong kong , you said mosaic was bigger than me . i lied. i 'm cia. i do that . and that 's why no one trusts you folk . yeah , i don 't need ' em to trust me , mark . i just need them to do what i say . you 're staying here . ( MAN ) yeah ? it 's me. just had a visit from the father . you 'RE KIDDING ME . i THOUGHT YOUR GUY- - WHAT 'S HIS NAME ? wILLINGHAM , SIR . yEAH--wILLINGHAM. i THOUGHT HE WAS GONNA KEEP AN EYE ON HIM . hE WAS. we ENDED THE SURVEILLANCE THIS WEEK . you WANT THE DAD TAKEN OFF THE BOARD ? the package is secure , right ? we need to talk to her , SO MAKE SURE SHE STAYS ALIVE . yeah , IT ARRIVED IN kANDAHAR THIS MORNING . then get rid of the father . ( GIRL ) dADDY ? gotta go. it 's my turn in the bounce house . here i come , baby . ( BEEP ) kandahar . ( GRUNTS ) they 're calling you to kill me , mikey . ( RING ) too bad you got places to be . ( GRUNTS ) you people with the fbi found out about somalia . as cia , i can get us there . that 's what being a joint task force is all about . now you know the deal- - ganwar region , 1991- - crows fell from the sky . there were anecdotal reports of a mass loss of consciousness . archived satellite photos show five towers running a perimeter around the village in question . ( BEEP ) one of those towers remains standing . our goal is to access that tower and determine if and how a blackout occurred . are we using mark 's red panda plan ? no. mark wanted to work with red panda . we 're going as red panda . that violates about a dozen international treaties . are you sure we want to go down that road ? this is international intelligence , agent hawk- - cia jurisdiction . it 's my ball to call . great. when do we leave ? when we leave is classified . the tower you 're investigating is based on my designs- - designs that were stolen from me when i was 13 years old . our plan is to document the site extensively for your review . you can 't document something you don 't understand . you need me on-site . you showed me the towers because you didn 't know what they were . i was the one who told you . do you know anything about somalia ? mm , a bit dry . gorgeous beaches . it 's a failed state . they haven 't had a functioning government since 1991 . oh , i saw " black hawk down . " i get it . the fact is , you can 't make sense of the tower without me , and you know it . learn it , cover to cover . mm-hmm . and stop by medical and get your shots- - cholera , typhus and ten other bugs you never heard of . just be warned , we will be off the reservation . so if things go sideways , there is no cavalry . see you on the tarmac . hey . came to take you home . it 's been a long day . not finished here yet . oh , you 're finished . i say you 're finished . let 's go home . you , um ... you want to tell me what that was all about ? it was about doing everything that i can to make sure you 're on that beach with me on our wedding day . i needed those files because ... i 'm representing alda hertzog . you 're what ? she has information about your death , and i want to know what it is . so i made a deal with her . oh , my ... i get her a hearing . she gives me the details . she is a terrorist , zoey ! she 's a terrorist ! a suspected terrorist , dem , with information that might save the life of the man that i love , so- - i can 't believe what you 're doing here . baby , i would do anything- - anything . if i thought it could save your life , i 'd do anything . i 'm scared . i don 't want you to die . baby , i love you . ( WHISPERING ) i love you , too . okay . ( NORMAL VOICE ) okay. okay . i love you . come with me . there 's something i gotta take care of . ( PHONE RINGS ) ( mark ) this IS mARK. leave IT HERE. i 'LL GET BACK TO YOU . ( BEEP ) mark , just calling to let you know that things have escalated a little bit with tracy 's ... friends . but it 's okay . i 'm good . things are happening just the way they 're supposed to . whoa , buttercream frosting . irina , this cake is outstanding . i 'm gonna be going off the grid for a little while . if you need me ... sorry , man . take her out of here . ( aARON ) these people went too far , and i 'm not gonna lay down . ( MUFFLED SCREAMING CONTINUES ) it 's my time to make a move . i 'm in this thing all the way to the end . ( WHOOSH ) how 'd you find me ? i 'll always find you , kiddo . ( WHOOSH ) so long , buddy . it 's a service weapon , formerly belonging to agent mark benford . serial number a-5-6-1-9-8-4 . that 's the one . i 'll bring it right out . thanks . and , demetri ? yeah ? i have a blowtorch if you want . thanks , man . all right . figured i 'd just rent a boat and throw it out in the middle of the ocean , but , um , the thought of watching it melt ... not bad . i 'm sorry . i can be a little ... confrontational at times . you ? no . ( CHUCKLES ) it 's one of the things you love about me though , right ? it is. it 's right up there with clipping the toenails in bed . jerk . ( LAUGHS ) come on . ( CLANK ) demetri . ( dEMETRI ) yeah ? it 's gone . what are you talking about ? the box is here . the slip is here . but the gun is gone .
