 in my flash-forward , i saw that i was pregnant . i have to conceive this baby next week to match what i saw . ( mark ) there 's a guy we 've been investigating . we 've been calling him " d. gibbons . charlie said , " d. gibbons is a bad man . " you haven 't asked her about him ? i 've tried . she 's ... shut down . everything bad we saw was here in l.a. what if we just ran- - upped and moved away ? ganwar region , 1991 . there were anecdotal reports of a mass loss of consciousness . photos show five towers . i designed them . you can 't make sense of the tower without me , and you know it . ( HELICOPTER WHIRRING ) okay , try this one ... ( SPEAKS sOMALI ) ( BOTH SPEAK sOMALI ) it means , " i don 't eat dairy . " ( LAUGHS ) o-okay. try this one ... ( SPEAKS sOMALI ) ( BOTH SPEAK sOMALI ) good. it means , " what did you see ? " so ... ( SPEAKS sOMALI ) i was baking bread . bread ! yes ! ( CHUCKLES ) and--and you ? i was water-skiing . good for you . ( LAUGHS ) hey , i thought this weekend you were supposed to " bake bread . " vogel 's little field trip kind of closed the window on that . got that one ? ( MEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ) i want a gun . it 's not happening . going into somalia without a gun is like going scuba diving without an oxygen tank . you 're here in an advisory role . they 're here to back us up . i suggest you stick close to ' em . let 's get to the tower and get out of here . this is what i wanna do . ( KNOCKS ) come in . what is that ? the hydra--seven heads , bad breath , killed by hercules . why am i looking at it ? d. gibbons--dyson frost- - simcoe gave us his name . here 's the rest of the story . brilliant , reclusive particle physicist trained in engineering at m.i.t. , minored in victorian lit . an achiever . typical story- - domineering father , ly spoke to him in french even though they grew up in wyoming . hmm . became a chess grand master at 15 . the chess piece you found in pigeon . the white queen . apparently , he still plays , which is weird considering he was killed in a boating accident in 1990 on a boat called " les monstre de boisteau " - - boisteau 's monster . who 's boisteau ? pierre boisteau- - 18TH century french writer . he had illustrations of monsters in some of his books . among the more well-known- - the hydra . the hydra . on my board on the 29TH . it 's all leading back to frost . somehow , he 's even part of charlie 's vision . charlie saw him ? d. gibbons is a bad man . " d. gibbons is a bad man . " that 's all i 've been able to get out of her . meanwhile , everything we know about him is coming to a head , and all we 've got are blind alleys and cryptic messages . what the hell am i supposed to do with that ? be like hercules and slay the beast . keep looking for dyson frost . there it is . " abandon hope , all ye who enter here . " keep movin ' . it 's not so bad here . a bit sleepy. a little hotter than i expected . ( vOGEL ) awaale , we need you to translate . tell them we 're aid workers with red panda resources , a relief organization , protected under articles 59 through 63 of the geneva convention . he have a right to humanitarian access . my name is abdikalif . i speak english . you don 't need him anymore . cAPTIONED BY closed captioning services , inc . i know you . i saw you on al jazeera telling the world you caused the blackout . always nice to meet a fan . you did not cause this . god caused this . he merely put your finger on the button . we are employees ... ( GUNS COCK ) of red panda . we 're on a relief mission to deliver cholera kits . this man is not a relief worker . we were having mechanical problems . okay , now if you just let us continue on to our destination- - do not lie to me ! this was your destination . you arrived at your destination . you came here for a reason ... just like the others . what others ? when i was a boy ... the foreigne came to our village and told us they would bring us electricity . they said five towers would provide power until the end of time , that it was a humanitarian act . but those towers were not for electricity . they were for something else , something not humanitarian . i had gone out to tend the goats . i was not away long , only a few moments . but even a single moment can change ... everything . what happened- - it made no sense . i felt afraid . they were there , but ... they were gone . hooyo ! hooyo ! hooyo ! hooyo ! but it was all part of god 's plan- - this i learned from my mother- - everything in this life happens for a purpose . and before the hand of death could take hold of me , too ... i ran . let me go ! come on. i 'm just the pilot ! that man , for instance , is here for a purpose . ( DOOR SLAMS ) ( MAN SHOUTING IN sOMALI ) ( GUNFIRE ) ( THUD ) and now he has served it . you are here for a reason , and i will kill you- - all of you--if you do not tell me what that reason is . ( bRYCE RETCHING ) ( FLUSHES ) ( GASPING ) ( PAGER BEEPING ) ( WHISPERS ) oh , damn . um ... i 'm--i 'm so sorry . it 's not a big deal . are you okay ? yeah , i 'm fine. um ... a little light reading ? i like the pictures . seriously ? orgo ? okay , um , just shut up for a second . i 'm--i 'm kind of ... i 'm thinking about possibly- - thinking about possibly what ? i 'm trying out a pre-med class. all right ? so that 's the big secret ? well , i don 't want people to know about it because it 's really hard , and i don 't want them to see me fall on my face . " dr. kirby . " it 's got a nice ring to it . mm-hmm. that 's very funny . thank you . no , seriously , that 's- - that 's the most difficult thing about becoming a doctor , is picking the right name . i mean , take me , for instance . ( LOWERVOICE ) my real name is martin goathead . ( CHUCKLES ) you 're an idiot . ( NORMAL VOICE ) really . martin goathead . yeah , i think i like " bryce varley " better . ah , of course you do . it sounds rugged . it 's , like , a guy that eats protein bars and climbs mountains- - " dr. bryce varley . " promise me you won 't tell anybody , please . nicole , i wouldn 't do that to you . ( COUGHS ) are you sure you 're all right ? oh , look at you. diagnosing patients already ? i 'm fine . ( PAGER BEEPS ) look , uh , i gotta run , dr. kirby . dr. goathead . ( janis ) why don 't we just tell ' em who we are and why we 're here we 're not breaking cover . hey , he 's not buying the red panda bit , and i 'm not gonna sit around waiting for a bullet in my head . ( SIGHS ) right . ' cause you 're waiting for three to the chest . what 'd you say ? you heard me . it doesn 't matter if it happens here or your couch or in the arms of your soon-to-be widow . let 's face it. you 're done . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) aah ! ( GRUNTING ) aah ! ( GUN COCKS ) ( GROANS ) hey . thought we said not the face . ( PANTING ) my ball to call . let 's get to the chopper , get the guns , neutralize abdi 's men , then we interrogate ' em . let 's move . ( SNIFFLES ) if all goes well ... you might get that gun . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( SPEAKING sOMALI ) ( LOWERS VOICE ) all right , now once we start firing , abdi 's other men are gonna be coming. take the shot ... fire . ( GRUNTS ) oh ! aah ! let 's move ! go , go , go ! ( MEN SHOUTING IN sOMALI ) come on . simon. come on . ( VEHICLES APPROACHING ) ( vOGEL ) here they come ! ( ENGINE REVVING ) what the hell is that ? fire ! ( GROANING ) ( MEN SCREAM ) they failed me . but you will not . you will fulfill your part of the plan . honey ? ( oLIVIA ) hey ! lunch is ready ! ( CRUNCHE hey . hey . 3-bedroom colonial with a sunporch ? that 's right . in denver . it 's where we could go- - denver . mm-hmm . big fan of the omelet . ( LAUGHS ) it 's one hell of an omelet . ( CHUCKLES ) but seriously , i mean , i 've been doing some research . mm-hmm . there 's two major hospitals in denver , and they both need surgeons , and the fbi has a division in denver . i mean , we--we can do this . so this is why we 're having lunch . well , that , and i wanted to see your beautiful face . mm-hmm. the mile-high city . mm-hmm . i could join the ski police , be home at 5 : 00 ... me by the fire you wrapped up in a vegan tiger skin ... ( CHUCKLES ) nothing on underneath . doesn 't sound so bad . mm-hmm . look , i mean , i--you know , we don 't have to make any decisions right now , but i think we should soon . mm-hmm . hey , there 's , um , something i wanted to talk to you about , too- - something we haven 't been talki about . charlie , what she saw- - we need to know . livy , we 've needed to know for a while now . i thought we said we were gonna give her time . we 're doing that for us . but if she knows something , something that can help this investigation , then that goes way beyond us . well , what is it you think that she knows ? there are things in this investigation that keep coming back . d. gibbons . mm-hmm , he 's at the center of everything . i kept thinking i could do this without involving our family , but we can 't ignore this . we can 't deny this anymore . listen , i-i have people at the fbi office who know how to talk to kids . i want to take charlie down there tomorrow and just see if maybe- - can you let me talk to her first ? you can take her , but can i try talking to her first ? okay . this isn 't beyond us , mark . i know . and i mean it. will you take a look at this stuff ? you know , it is one hell of an omelet . ( CHUCKLES ) mm . on this continent , a child dies every six seconds from malnutrition . your country could easily provide this food , yet it does not . that 's not true . every year , we send hundreds of millions of dollars in aid just to have it stolen by people like you . people who live in heaven shouldn 't judge those who live in hell . tell me who you people are , or i will kill him . sod off . ( RETCHES ) ( COUGHING ) ( LAUGHTER ) who are you ? tell me . they are cia , here to investigate the tower . we are security . ( LAUGHS ) this is your security ? ( GRUNTS ) so you are with cia . you are not afraid of death . i 've gotten used to it . what do you want with that tower ? why have you brought the scientist here ? we think what happened on october 6TH , the day of the blackt , happened before on a smaller scale in your village because of the towers . no. i came back from herding the goats . i saw them on the ground. they were dead. it was no blackout . how do you know they were dead ? i saw the black camel . what 's the black camel ? black camel 's considered a bad omen here . death is a black camel that kneels at every man 's gate . they ... were ... dead . i returned from the refugee camps changed , a man now . the bodies of my people were gone , and all that remained was a village of ghosts . and there was only one tower left . word spread that i had lived when others had died , and for this , i became feared . i used this fear and became what i am now . god 's plan . and then the day of the blackout , i had my prophecy. i saw it . i was making a speech . i spoke of the " better angels . " ... when again touched by the better angels of our nation . i called myself " the new face of somalia . " i was telling the world . i spoke as a conqueror , my enemies crushed- - god 's plan . i 'm not willing to wait one day longer ! ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) there will be one more war in this land--my war . i will rule this country . the better angels ... the better warriors ... will win . ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) and you will help , because you are cia . you can get me these things- - planes , tanks , boats- - what i will need to win my war . that 's not gonna happen . ( GRUNTS ) planes , tanks , boats ! you will get me these things ! no , no , no , no ! ( THUD ) it happens every six seconds . vogel , just make the call . the request alone will tell our people what 's going on . i 'm not going to make the call because no one 's going to pick up the call . it 's like i told you before- - there is no cavalry . we 're on our own . there 's gotta be some options here . meeting his demands isn 't onof them . that 's it ? we just die ? janis , come on. you saw yourself alive on april 29TH . and that lunatic actually saw himself the leader of this country . right . " better angels . " ( MEN SPEAKING IN sOMALI IN DISTANCE ) better angels . ( DOOR UNLOCKS ) ( DOOR CREAKS ) which will it be ? quaad . hey , hey . wait. get off him ! hey ! which will it be ? which will it be ? your prophecy is wrong ! what you saw- - it isn 't what you saw , and i can prove it to you . i know about the better angels . sit down. you say you know about the better angels . tell me what you know . it 's from abraham lincoln 's inaugural address . lincoln was- - your president . ended slavery . he was strong , not afraid to crush his enemies . we were fighting a civil war in our country , just like your country . " better angels " was a speech about unity , about bringing people together . you do not know what i saw . no , i don 't , but i think i might be able to find someone who did . can you get on the internet here ? ( BEEPS ) we created a web site where people can come on and share their prophecies with each other . here. a man was at the assembly of the african union at a peace conference . you were speaking . how do you know what this man says is true ? you tell me . look , they know your name . they say you were wearing a wire necklace with an amber bead surrounded by two red ones . do you have something like that ? no ... but my mother did . ( YOUNG aBDI ) hooyo ! hooyo ! i haven 't seen that necklace or my mother since i was a boy . someone else says they saw you- - said that you were quoting lincoln- - " to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land ... " ( aBDI SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ) " will yet swell the chorus of the union " when again touched ... " " when again touched ... " " by the better angels of our nature . " you don 't need tanks or guns . your destiny is to stop the war , not start one . ( CLICKING ) ( BOWLING PINS CLACKING ) yes ! spare ! yeah ! ( LAUGHS ) i 'm throwing rocks tonig . markt , mommy . nice job . you want to play ? i think i 'll play after . i want to talk first . okay . ah , charliebear ... so , uh , do you remember when tim tim talked to squirrlio about heroes ? when finnegan the supershark trapped them in the snow globe of snow doom ? yeah , squirrlio-zactly ! ( LAUGHS ) yeah , and tim tim said that heroes are people who help people even when it 's hard . yeah ? well , i need you to be like a hero , charlie . how ? i need you to be brave and tell me what you saw in your flash-forward . hey , it 's okay to be afraid . it really is. it 's okay . but if you tell me , you might be able to help me . you might be able to help daddy , help a whole load of people we don 't even know . ( VOICE BREAKING ) if i tell--tell you ... mm-hmm ? s-something bad will happen . no. no , it won 't . nothing bad 's gonna happen . i promise , okay ? nothing . can you tell me what you saw ? ( WHOOSH ) go ahead . it 's your house , too . we were in the kitchen , and dylan wanted a cookie . daddy says that you said , " d. gibbons is a bad man . " why 'd you say that ? ( lLOYD ) the man you call d. gibbons lied to you . we heard his dad . he said d. gibbons lied ... bad people lie . and dylan made the magnets say that on the refrigerator . bad people lie . but you didn 't see d. gibbons ? he wasn 't in the house ? keep going , sweetie . what else did you see ? ( FIREWORKS EXPLODING ) i heard fireworks , and i went to the back door . i saw a man walk up to another man . they were wearing suits . ( MOUTHING WORDS ) and he said ... it 's okay , sweetie . you can do it . what did he say ? ( MAN ) mark benford is dead . ( CRYING ) " mark benford is dead . mark benford is dead . " it 's not possible . it 's what she heard . " mark benford is dead . " that 's why she 's been so frightened to tell us . she 's afraid her daddy 's gonna die . that 's not gonna happen , olivia . on april 29TH , i 'm gonna be in my office at my board , alive . livy , whatever charlie saw , what she said- - oh , god. it 's not that . thenhat is it ? that 's just it. this is the part where i tell you that we could escape this . we could go to denver . we could go anywhere and get away from it all , get away from all of this . and this is the part where you tell me that you won 't . right . there 's gonna be another blackout . and i have to see this through . i have to try and stop it . ( WHISPERS ) i have to try . what happened to the world happened in your village first . at least , that 's our operating theory . your people didn 't die . they were blacked out . they had prophecies ? that 's what we think . we had hoped to find some of them and talk to them . the war came when i was gone . the people , my mother- - they must have been driven away . i saw the black camel . i thought the devil had taken their souls . the koran- - chapter 66verse 6 . " save yourself and your families from a fire whose fuel is men and stones . " i painted it myself as a warning . in all my time , i haven 't been in there . devil or no , it is an evil place . but there is one thing that can push a man more than fear . what 's that ? destiny . you look like you 've seen a ghost . it 's entirely the opposite . what i designed was theoretical . it could only be done in the future , and yet it 's been standing here for 18 years . welcome to the future . you said these designs were stolen from you ? this was built in ' 91 , but you didn 't come up with the concept till ' 92 . ( simon ) i don 't know how that 's possible . someone must have invented it before you . no. this is exactly what i designed . i don 't get it . whoever did this , why would they leave it behind for somebody to find ? they were hauling these things away. then the war came . why didn 't they ever come back to finish ? the war hasn 't stopped . found something . it 's a chessboard . it 's been sitting here for 18 years . and we have portable power . ( BEEPS ) here 's to hoping . ( MAN ) what did you see ? ( MAN SPEAKS sOMALI ) ( SPEAKING sOMALI ) i knew this boy . he was my friend . what 'd he say ? he said he saw himself playing a game . ( MAN ) and did it happen ? ( MAN SPEAKS sOMALI ) ( SPEAKS sOMALI ) he said what he saw came true . ( STATIC ) ( MAN ) what did you see ? ( SPEAKING sOMALI ) this is my mother . ( CONTINUES SPEAKING sOMALI ) she was looking for me . she couldn 't find me , but she had hope . she knew i would survive , that ... i would become great . the preceding interviews from test group " b " confirm that the subjects uniformly experienced a consciousness shift two weeks into the future . that 's the man who shot at us in utah . that 's d. gibbons . ( STATIC CRACKLES ) d. gibbons was here ... in 1991 ? ( simon ) conducting an experiment . you see ? god didn 't have anything to do with this . this was man . ( simon ) over here ! ( CREAKS ) what are you seeing , simon ? simon ! this tunnel--vacuum systems , the lead shielding- - it 's a linear accelerator , one of five . smaller , less powerful versions than the ones we use at n.l.a.p. they ran a pimeter around the village . somehow they unleashed a tachyon burst , creating a beta test of the global blackout in this village . you weren 't in the village at the time the experiment was conducted , which explains why you didn 't lose consciousness . if what you 're saying is true , it took five accelerators to creatthis beta blackout . there 's no way that just one knocked out the entire world , right ? how can you possibly say that ? technology moves fast , agent noh . even if you knew the rules , which you don 't , i don 't think they apply anymore . i got something down here ! ready ? go . i don 't think your people were driven off by the war . they were shot ... executed , all of them . remote village , wartime . given all the unrest , they knew nobody would ever find these people . they showed them tomorrow and ripped it away . you said god had nothing to do with this ... hooyo ! hooyo ! that it was man . but it was not any man . it was you . no. those plans were stolen from me . i said you were sent here for a reason . now i know what that reason is . god delivered you to me ... ( jan ) abdi , no ! so i could avenge my people ! let your end mark a new beginning ! no ! ( GUNSHOT ) uhh ! ( simon GRUNTS ) ( janis ) oh , my god . " better angels . " his vision . this wasn 't supposed to happen . you want some cookies to go with that milk ? no . i want to leave . i want to go away with you and with charlie . i just want to get away from all of this , from everything that we saw . yes or no ? ( WHISPERS ) livy ... yes or no ? ( SIGHS ) you want to say both , don 't you ? it 's who you are , mark . you can 't have it both ways . ( NORMAL VOICE ) this is what we signed on for . you save lives . i save lives . this is howe do it . but we saw how we did it . you 're at your office . i 'm here with charlie hearing you 've died . i ve you , mark . that doesn 't work for me . this is how it happens . ( WHISPERS ) don 't say that . you see , you need things to play out like you saw . you want them to . you need to . you 're forgetting there 's another part to what we saw ... the part where we 're not together anymore . ( NORMAL VOICE ) livy , i don 't want that . you can 't have it both ways . yes or no ? hey . oh , where 'd you get that ? abdi 's men . brutalized his people , but they were too scared to say anything because destiny said he was their leader . we changed their destiny today. rum ? yeah to yet another flash-forward never coming true . you okay ? yeah , fine. so what ? i don 't have a baby . who cares ? lots of people don 't have babies . you can still have a baby , right ? yeah , but i can 't have willa . you named her. willa ? that 's nice . well , i would have . it was supposed to happen this weekend . and now her window 's closed , and ... she 's never gonna get here . ( WHISPERS ) god . ( CHUCKLES ) what ? ( NORMAL VOICE ) it 's so stupid . i just saw a mass grave , and all i can think about is a mythical baby . grave , the baby ... you 're having a circle of life moment , right ? you know , the weekend 's not over . ( LAUGHS ) i 'm just saying , if it 's baby-making you need , i will take one for the team . ( BOTH LAUGH ) okay , first of all , no offense , but that 's kind of gross . what ? second of all , that 's , like , 1,000 % wrong . desperate times . i 'm gay . i will make you gayer . oh , yeah ? what about zoey ? ( POURS R ) chances are ... i 'm not gonna be around in a couple of months , okay ? i think it 'd be nice if willa was . are you serious ? mm-hmm . how the hell did you get that ? i fixed their satellite tv . i know you think that i can 't handle weapons , but in my vision ... i was killing a man . didn 't even need a gun . how many fingers did you have ? enough to do the job . what about you ? what did you see ? okay . mark benford is dead . ( WHOOSH ) i was doing my job . what ... are you doing ? i promised our little snowboarder that if he held still for his x-ray , i 'd get him a hundred packets of graham crackers . you know , i 've raided every floor , and i 'm still only on 46 . you are so very good at this . ( CHUCKLES ) what ? listening to people , you know , figuring out what they need- - uh , bribing them with baked goods . ( CHUCKLES ) it 's gonna make you a really good doctor one day . well , i can ace graham crackers . it 's organic chemistry i 'm worried about . uh , here . this is for you . calculator ? oh , oh , that 's not just any calculator . no , i bought that my junior year at duke right before i miraculously passed a physics final , and , um , ever since then- - m.c.a.t.S , med school , board exams , that 's- - that 's been my good luck charm . this is great . up until today , my good luck charm was a brainy smurf . you really think i can do this , huh ? yeah , i really do . you 're not just saying that to be nice ? well , i don 't lie , and i 'm not nice . four years of college ... mm-hmm . four years of med school ... yeah . four years of psychiatricesidency ... psychiatry , huh ? like you said , i 'm a good listener . plus i 'm kind of an expert when it comes to dealing with people with problems . mm-hmm . so 12 years from now , when i finish my training , we 'll be able to work together . 12 years ? well , you 'll probably be head of the department by then . yeah , um , about that ... uh , nicole ... earlier today ... i-i lied to you . what do you mean ? i told you that everything was fine with me . it 's not . 12 years from now , i 'm not so sure that i 'm gonna be around . the preceding interviews from test group " b " confirm that the subjects uniformly experienced a consciousness shift two weeks into the future . ( DOOR CLANKS OPEN ) what are you doing ? couldn 't sleep . just packing up stuff to take back to the bureau . that all ? no . thinking , little things- - life , death , fate . careful not to ponder thinking , little too much . the ancient greeks did it all the time- - usually ended up dead . well , all of them wound up dead . ( STATIC CRACKLING ) what the hell ? hello , demetri . my name is dyson frost , and i 'm recording this message in 1991 . got your attention , didn 't i ?
