 Morning , father Jack . The usual pressures and concerns ... - Yeah , mom ? - You 're in big trouble . The moments of possibility ... She 's gonna love it . - Until a strange tremor signaled ... - Tyler ! Mom ! The impossible was upon us . The Visitors had arrived . My God . We are at peace always . Although their presence incited a global panic ... 29 ships now hovering over the major cities of the world . The Visitors claimed they meant no harm . We 're honored to be able to assist mankind . With our knowledge and technology . To some , they were saviors . - They healed me . - People are jamming . The newly opened Visitor healing centers . An irresistible attraction ... - Peace ambassador program ? - You sign up , hang out with V 's , learn about our culture . - Others had their doubts ... - It bothers me that they showed up . - Right when we need them the most . - But those who know the truth ... - I need your help . It 's starting . - Know the Visitors ... - This guy is a terrorist . - Must be stopped . - He 's part of a sleeper cell . - That 's what I 've been trying to tell you . A sleeper cell of Visitors . Now as the Visitors infiltrate the world 's borders ... - They need us for something . - The U.S. is a lynchpin . The remaining countries will follow . - A resistance is growing . - We gotta build in ranks . Maybe we can find other people who wanna fight . But it must strike fast ... - Because this ... - Skin him . Is only the beginning . Get down ! Don 't be frightened . We mean no harm . My name is Anna , and I am the leader of my people . We need your help . We 're far from home ... After we 've replenished ourselves , we 'll share with you what we can . We will leave you hopefully better than we found you . Anna 's address and the Visitor ships . Hovering over 29 of the world 's major cities . Left no doubt that a new era had dawned . But FBI agent Erica Evans was wary of their presence . - They 're calling themselves the Visitors . - You say that like it bothers you . Well , Visitors are old friends who drop by for a drink . Erica sensed a link between the arrival of the Visitors . And the activities of a terrorist cell . She and her partner Dale had been monitoring . As of yesterday , they 're suddenly looking to acquire large amounts of c-4 . Why do that unless you 're going after a target , like , say us . While we 're distracted ? Hey , how are you with all of this ? Are you and Tyler okay ? We 're fine . Did you hear from the ex ? He left a message . He wanted us to know he 's okay . You know that I 'm here for you , anything you need . We 'll hit the ground running tomorrow . Go be a mom . Mom , it 's starting . Yeah . Here ... here is Anna . She is now ... The world watched , captivated , as Anna made a statement at the united nations . Damn , she 's hot . I know , right ? Right here , guys . This is an inspiring moment for us all ... Mankind and Visitors coming together . But despite the Visitors' convincing show of goodwill , the media still had questions . How do you explain the similarities between Visitors and humans ? Our scientists say it 's impossible . - Our scientists can explain it . - Why don 't you explain it ? Hey , why don 't you show some respect ? Among them was New York City news anchor Chad Decker . - Do you have a question ? - Yeah , I have a question . Is there such a thing as an ugly Visitor ? I don 't understand . Oh , you all seem to be what we consider attractive . Thank you . You 're not so bad yourself . In the midst of all the chaos and , yes , even hostility from some , came something unexpected from our new friends ... A sense of humor . Stay with us . We 'll be right back . I want him . Only a few weeks after their arrival , the Visitors had already begun to deliver on their promise . To bring about positive change . The newly opened Visitor healing centers . Are drawing huge crowds . People afflicted with one of the 65 ailments the V 's can cure . Are jamming the centers , hoping for their own personal miracle . Erica and Dale were hard at work . Tracking the terrorist cell they suspected . Was stockpiling a supply of c-4 compound . Upon searching the cell 's hideout , they found the explosives ... Along with something much more gruesome . The examiner says the body 's been dead less than a day , but he was tortured before he was killed . They 've been printing fake docs ... passports , I.Ds. Best fakes I 've ever seen . It 's a major operation , but no one was here . They cleared out like they knew we were coming . When Erica and Dale went to search the victim 's house , it was already ransacked , but they came across a text message . With an important lead . " To all attending tonight . Location ... 4400 pier Avenue , Brooklyn , 10 : 00 P.M. pass code . " If you 're new , be prepared for the test . Any info you can share about this cell is important . " If you have info about a sleeper cell , you call the cops . You don 't go to a meeting . As a gesture of friendship , the Visitors invited . The citizens of earth to tour their mother ships . Excited by the opportunity , Erica 's son Tyler was one of the first aboard . Hello . Welcome to the New York mother ship . My name is Lisa . Have you heard about our new peace ambassador program ? You sign up , hang out with V 's , learn about our culture . You even get a uniform . Tyler was charmed by Lisa , and at home , Erica had already discovered . - Her son 's new enthusiasm for the Visitors . - V 's rule ! I called Brandon 's folks to kind of , you know , spread the joy . They weren 't surprised . They said that you two are obsessed with the V 's . I 'm not obsessed . Really ? You and me , we talk . What 's going on with you ? Is it because of your dad ? Is it because he left ? At least he has an excuse to be out of touch with his kid . The Visitors ' presence stirred mixed emotions . Father Jack Landry , a catholic priest , was among those who found their influence troubling . " We 're all God 's creatures " ? That 's how the Vatican explains the existence of aliens ? Yes . - They decided that in a day ? - Yes . Rattlesnakes are God 's creatures , too . Doesn 't mean they 're good for us . Have faith in our leaders , Jack . All we can do is pray and minster to our congregation . Our congregation amounts to two bag ladies , a heroin addict and Roy . That may be , father Landry , but we will minister to any size ... Congregation . No one is saying , " don 't trust the Visitors . " Don 't they need to earn our trust ? It 's something we all need to think about . You 're right to question the V 's . Are you all right ? I know the real reason they 're here , father , and I am not the only one . The real reason ? The V 's are gonna obliterate us . You 're bleeding ! I was coming to see you . The V 's did this to me . - Let me get you some help . - No , no , no . Take this and go to this address . And give it to the people there . All right , all the information 's inside . Hey . - Ready for lunch ? - Oh . Yeah . Ryan Nichols was a businessman with a mysterious past . When the Visitors arrived , his suspicious behavior . Caught the attention of his fiancée Valerie . - Who was that ? - It 's no one . You 've been getting a lot of calls from " no one . " Just ... don 't read things into things , okay ? It was no one . Ryan . Stay away from me , Georgie . Ryan , please . Look , I told you I 'm not that guy anymore , okay ? Stop calling . We need your help . She doesn 't know about my past , okay ? I 'd like to keep it that way . That 's where we 're meeting if you change your mind ... Or grow a conscience . People were becoming increasingly uncertain . About the Visitors ' intentions . So in an effort to temper the growing protests , Anna arranged another opportunity to address the public . Thanks again for choosing me to do this . I 'm really excited . So are we . Just be sure not to ask anything that would paint us in a negative light . Excuse me ? We can 't be seen in a negative light . Don 't you want to elevate your career ? Good evening and welcome . Tonight , " prime focus with Chad Decker " is proud to present . An up close and personal interview with Anna , the Visitor high commander . On behalf of all of us , I wanna thank you . For this opportunity to get to know you a little better . Thank you , Chad , and please , feel free to ask anything and everything . I 'm here to discuss all topics without reserve . While Chad was wrestling with Anna 's duplicitous nature , Erica and Dale followed the tip from the text message . And arrived at the mysterious meeting place ... This is a word-of-mouth group . You 're here because someone we trust personally referred you . Only to discover a much more unusual gathering than expected . I want you to confirm that you see skull bone . For what ? To ensure that you 're not a Visitor . In order to walk among us , they disguise their appearance . By cloning human flesh over their own reptilian skin . The Visitors didn 't just get here . They 've been here for years . Do you have any proof ? You know , other than scary stories being passed around the Internet . Who referred you ? It doesn 't matter . I 'm leaving . Wait , wait . I have proof ... I think . It 's a bunch of photos ... supposedly Visitors living on earth . This guy is a terrorist . He 's part of a sleeper cell . That 's what I 've been trying to tell you . - A sleeper cell of Visitors . - Yeah , a sleeper cell of Visitors . Get down ! The ambush by a gang of sleeper Visitors . Revealed the truth about Erica 's trusted partner . Uhh ! Uhh ! Aah ! And when Ryan appeared to help beat back the attackers , he came clean to Georgie about his own identity . They are animals ! No . Not all of them . There 's others out there like me ... other traitors . We 'll help . What do we do now ? We help build a resistance . We recruit , bring more into the fold . Tonight we 're announcing the expansion of our healing centers . The goal is to open one in every major city across the world . - We have to fight . - Oh , we 'll fight . We want to provide complete medical services to all . - Universal health care ? - I believe that 's what you call it , yes . They have a big head start . They 're arming themselves with the most ... powerful weapon out there . Yeah ? What 's that ? Devotion . To the Dawn of a new day . We are of peace always . I don 't know who to trust anymore . I can 't get the image of Dale just lying there out of my head . The ambush at the resistance meeting left Erica and Jack shaken . The truth was , anyone could be a Visitor , and when a V ship arrived at the warehouse . To erase all evidence of the bloodshed , Erica and Jack attempted to alert the authorities ... 9-1-1 . What 's your emergency ? - Oh , my God . It 's a massacre . - Ma 'am , don 't hang up . I need to confirm that address with you again . Only to realize just how closely they were being watched . Hang up . Hang up ! Hang up ! The Visitors ' reach was far greater than they could have imagined . Go home . Don 't trust anyone . Anyone . At the bureau , Erica kept her knowledge of Dale 's true identity a secret , but it was clear that he had been the one . Tipping off the criminal cells they 'd been tracking . Every time we went to nail this terrorist cell , Dale would make a tip-off call to the same number , 20 , 30 minutes before . I ran it all down , number by number , case by case . Well , the scary thing is he 's still in the wind . I don 't think he 'll show his face again . Driven by his conscience , Jack felt compelled to tell the authorities . About the man who had died in his church and went to meet with the Visitor threat assessment task force . Jack ? What are you doing here ? I work here . - You 're an FBI agent ? - You 're a freakin ' priest ? Father Landry ? We 're ready for you . You gave them the pictures what the hell were you thinking ? A man died giving me those pictures . I gave them to the task force 'cause I thought they could help . They 're supposed to be on our side , aren 't they ? So was my partner . Look where that got us . The Visitors ' propaganda machine continued in full force , working to create diplomatic ties with the nations of the world . I 'm told in Japan , this conveys both a respect for tradition . And the allure of submission . I 'm not sure that 's the message you want to send . You still don 't understand humanity . Now that Erica knew the V 's true nature , she was anxious about Tyler 's safety . It is really important to me that you don 't get involved with the Visitors . I know they 're exciting and kinda cool , but ... For me , can you do that ? Yeah . I mean , if it ... if it 's that big of a deal to you , um ... No more Visitor stuff . But Tyler couldn 't resist the allure of the Visitors , especially his new friend Lisa . Can I see that ? Did I do it right ? Perfect . The attack at the warehouse . Reignited Ryan 's commitment to building a resistance . He hoped to recruit others like him to join the fight ... V 's who had turned against their own kind . You know anybody looking to get back into the fight ? That 's really why you came , isn 't it ? - Just give me some names . - Whatever they 're gonna do to the humans , it 's nothing compared to what they 'll do to traitors like me and you . - Take my advice ... head for the hills . - Can 't . There 's a woman . Human . Oh , God . Don 't tell me you 're in love with her . Despite the personal complications , Ryan was determined to resurrect a covert organization of traitor V 's . - And divulged his plan to Georgie . - You ever heard of John May ? - Guy 's a myth . - No , he 's not a myth . He 's real . John May is the leader of the Fifth Column . First group of Visitors to ever turn against the leadership ... He started it . The Fifth Column is down , but it 's not out . We can win this . But not all of Ryan 's old acquaintances . Were prepared to reenlist . A member of the Fifth Column named Cyrus . Had turned against the rebel faction . I gotta turn you over to them now . They 're on their way . - What did they promise you ? - They told me they 'd reconnect me . They 're not gonna reconnect you , Cyrus ! They 're gonna get as many Fifth Column out of you as they can . And then they 're gonna skin you alive . That 's what they 're gonna do ! Don 't you miss it ? Everything Anna gave to us ... don 't you miss the bliss ? The bliss is how she controlled us , Cyrus . Just like junkies , man . And that 's what you are . I 'll be reconnected . They promised me ! You gotta be alive to be reconnected . Val ? Rebuilding the Fifth Column would be dangerous work ... And Ryan would not be the only one in harm 's way . Hello ? You really care about this woman , you 'll get as far away from her as possible . If I stay with her , I can protect her , so I 'm not going anywhere . You sure about that ? - Yeah , 100 % . - Valerie Stevens ... psychotherapist . - She has a heart condition . - Did you do something to her ? No . I wouldn 't touch her . But they will , if they find her , and if I can do it , so can they . You really want to put her in the cross fire ? Chad felt exploited after his last interview with Anna . And decided to prove he was more than just a pawn . In the V 's public relations campaign . Today " prime focus " takes a look at the question that 's on everyone 's minds . Do the Visitors deserve our trust ? Joining me in the discussion are congressman Harold stern , a pro-V advocate , and Marion Geiger taking the anti-V position . - Mr. Decker ? - Anna . I didn 't hurt you with my show today . I helped . I can 't control what our government does , but I can and do influence public opinion , and in the end , that 's what 'll make the difference . You really believe that . This one was a freebie . The next time you want my help , it 'll be on my terms . Ultimately , Chad 's bold strategy worked in the Visitors ' favor . The U.S. and the Visitors have agreed to the commencement of diplomatic relations . As a first step , limited number of Visitors . Will be able to apply for visas . That will allow them to travel freely within our borders . On behalf of all Visitors , I want to extend my warmest appreciation to the United States . Thank you for your trust . Diplomatic relations with the Visitors isn 't gonna make our job any easier . Neither is the fact that the V task force ignored the pictures I gave ' em . Well , there are probably Visitors on the V task force . At least we have this . What 's that ? I swiped it from the V task force ... Anyone and everyone . Who 's ever contacted the FBI about aliens or Visitors . Maybe we can find other people who want to fight , maybe even some of the people from the warehouse . We can 't be the only ones who know the truth . Onboard the mother ship , concern was growing . About the underground resistance movement . Do we know if any of these people are from the first attempt at a resistance ? Not yet . I want names . And one of their own ... Had returned . It 's a bright new day in America . After weeks of heated debate and speculation about the government 's decision , today the us granted the V 's diplomatics relations . Controversy surrounding the Visitors was escalating . Although the world 's leaders . Had granted them access to our borders , the public protests raged on . And in private , fear and confusion permeated even the most sacred sanctuaries . Are the V 's demons or angels ? Who am I to question the Pope ? - Does God even really exist ? - My faith feels so weak . I feel .. Lost . I want to be useful . I want to be able to look people in the eye and say , " God loves you , and everything 's gonna be fine . " How do I tell them that ? I don 't even know what to tell myself anymore . I know how you feel . Why don 't they just annihilate us and get it over with ? They need us for something . I was up most of the night going through this list , trying to find anyone who was at the warehouse with us . - Any luck ? - I 've narrowed it down to a couple hundred . Good . Evans . Yeah . I have to go to the peace ambassador center . There 's been a death threat against the V 's . This is a volatile situation . Paired with a member of the Visitors ' security team , Erica went to work tracking a sniper on the loose . There 's a guard missing , corner of the building . He stole a V jacket . The shooter is wearing a V jacket . Gun ! Aah ! Everybody down ! - Stay down ! - Control , suspect down . Do you copy ? Suspect is down . But the sniper attack was a stunt , orchestrated by Anna to garner publicity . Well done today . Her official duty fulfilled , Erica did some investigation of her own ... And discovered the Visitors had adapted their uniforms . Into sophisticated surveillance tools . Breaking the promise he had made to his mother , Tyler 's association with the Visitors . Was growing even stronger as he and Lisa grew closer . Ty ! I 'm so sorry . I ... My mom doesn 't like the V 's . Stay here , and ... And I 'll ... I 'll be right back . God , I hate her . Hey ! You are here . Yeah . Hey , what 's up ? - You okay ? - Yeah . I ... Okay . Take her home . We 'll talk later . I thought this would be better than your mom seeing me in my uniform . Searching through the stack of FBI profiles , Jack came across a familiar face . Mr. Sutton ? Jack learned why Georgie was so driven to bring down the Visitors . What are you doing in here ? I 'm sorry . I , uh ... I 'm , uh , looking for George Sutton . His family ... they were all killed . He went a little crazy after that . He said aliens did it . It 's really important that I speak with him . If you have any way of contacting him , would you , please ? You can tell him I was at the warehouse . He 'll know what that means . On the mother ship , Dale had regained consciousness . But had no recollection of the ambush at the warehouse . We 're still unsure if he 's going to remember anything . He has to . He was a highly placed sleeper for almost 20 years . We have to know if he was compromised , and if so , by whom . Where are we ? I made this construct based on your neural scan . Sometimes familiar places can bring up memories . Do you recognize anything ? Joshua helped Dale put the missing pieces together . I worked here . My desk was right over ... That 's a good sign . If you can remember your life , then what happened on that night is going to come back to you . Erica ... She saw my true face . She knows . We gotta go . You 're sure Erica was the only one who saw you ? Sure . And she was meeting with other human resistance members . She 's not even gonna know what hit her . You 're right , because I 'm not letting you go back down . Come again ? If half the things that you say about Erica are true , she 's going to make an excellent ally . To protect the burgeoning resistance ... You son of a bitch . You 're a traitor . Joshua took Dale out for good . The Fifth Column says hello . The Visitors were on high alert to the underground threat posed by a resurging Fifth Column . And in an effort to further control public perception , Anna summoned the captains of all 29 ships . Though we continue to gain ground in diplomatic areas , we must not underestimate . The importance of popular opinion among humanity . Opinions can easily change . Monitor them , and if necessary , shape those opinions within your territories . But a few had already made up their minds . Heard you were looking for me . What do you want from me ? We 're trying to find anyone who survived . We need to stick together . Every time we try to come together , they crush us . There 's strength in numbers . Meeting in secret , the four key members of the new resistance joined forces . How do you know so much about the V 's ? You got nothing to worry about with Ryan . If it wasn 't for him , I 'd be dead right now . But the battles of the first resistance were history . The Visitors had a new plan . Tyler 's the one . We should use him . You 're doing an excellent job . Thank you , mother . - Can I talk to you for a minute ? - Absolutely . Can you give me two minutes ? Erica 's preoccupation with the Visitors . Left her with little time for anything else . She was suspicious about Ryan 's motives for joining the resistance . But his background check revealed no clues . I understand you have some exciting news to share with us today . With public support for the Visitors on the rise , Anna made an announcement . We 've developed an injection ... call it a vitamin supplement ... Designed to strengthen the immune system . Ryan knew the vitamin injections were part of a bigger plan . And led his new partners on a stakeout to obtain further information . Their target was a sleeper V named Peter Combs . Who was working as a chemist . But Georgie wanted vengeance for his murdered family . Hey , Combs . I 'm gonna cut you open and show the world what you are . Georgie ? But instead of giving up any information ... You can 't stop us , filthy traitor ! The V made an unusual escape . No ! You 're a Visitor . We 're on the same side , Erica . Everything that I 've told you is true . How does a priest know the way around a bullet wound ? Army chaplain . Two tours in Iraq . You know , pretty soon , you 're gonna need to decide what you are ... A priest or a soldier . With a degree of trust established between them , Erica had questions for Ryan . - What happened to Combs ? - Suicide pill . Leaves no real evidence behind , nothing but Ash . He called you a traitor . Are there other V 's like you fighting against Anna ? They 're called the Fifth Column . This just looks like paperwork . Wait a minute . He would get all of his supplies from his department , right ? Probably . So what 's his connection to the Lyndhurst shipping company ? Let 's go check it out . The invoice led them to a makeshift lab , where they found human remains and large quantities of R6 compound . Along with shipments of flu vaccine . Ready for distribution . They 're not mixing their drug into the vitamin shot . They 're mixing it into our flu vaccine . Shipment leaves tomorrow . Anna learned that Dale , the sleeper V , had been murdered . And ordered an investigation . We can 't afford any kind of dissonance among our people . The members of the fifth column onboard the mother ship . Were in danger of being exposed . You have to get off the ship . I am not running . - You 're too important . The column needs you . - You 'll carry on , and so will the others . No , you cannot be sacrificed no matter what . I won 't let it happen . Unless the guilty party steps forward to take responsibility , I 'm gonna need to choose one of you . To set an example . The innocent will suffer . Putting the welfare of the resistance . Before his own life , Joshua 's accomplice made the ultimate sacrifice . Long live the Fifth Column . Joshua , as lead medical officer , you will carry out the sentence . Skin him . I can 't talk to my mom anymore . Tyler met with his therapist , Valerie , to vent his frustrations about the conflict at home . - She thinks the V 's are evil . - And how do you see them ? The world 's broken . They 're fixing it . All we do is , we get in their way . I thought it might take longer , but I think Tyler 's ready . Good . Bring him up to the ship . As instructed , Lisa brought Tyler for a visit ... Oh , my God . That ... that 's Anna . Do you know her or ... Yeah . That 's my mom . Don 't worry . She doesn 't bite . And Joshua carried out the sentence . - I can 't do this . - She suspects you . That 's why she 's making you do it . You have to . Lisa 's happiness has always been the highest priority for me . She 's quite taken with you . Me , too . I mean , you know , with her . Good . I 'm glad . I wanted to make sure you felt the same . I think it 's universal instinct for mothers to be protective of their young . This ... is the engine room . You 've gotta be kidding me . No human has ever seen this before . You are the first , Tyler . Miraculous medical breakthroughs were taking place . At the healing centers established by the Visitors . Valerie was concerned about symptoms she thought were related to her heart condition . It is a condition we can heal . Oh , my God . That 's wonderful . I ... I was just looking for a change in meds . The diagnostic also turned up something else . Something else ? Chad underwent a body scan as part of his latest news report . But the scan turned up some distressing results . - You think I 'm gonna die ? - Had you not come here , almost certainly . In approximately six months , you will develop a basilar artery aneurysm . But the good news is , we can heal you . The bad news is . There is a long waiting list . Though I suppose if you 're open to it , we could work something out . The Visitors ' plan to mask the R6 compound . With human flu vaccine was a terrifying prospect . When this shipment mask mingles with the real shots , no one will be able to tell the difference . And no government agency 's gonna be worrying about a flu vaccine . When they 've got a V vitamin to evaluate . They know exactly how to play us . The media bombards us with stories of epidemics , pandemics . So we run out . We get a shot to protect ourselves . That 's what e V 's are counting on ... our human nature . It 's very calculated , isn 't it ? Everything that Anna does is calculated . So what , we ... we ... we stop doing what makes us human ? All I 'm saying is the more predictable we are , the more vulnerable we are . I 'm gonna keep this as evidence . The rest we destroy . The V 's were alerted to the intrusion , so Ryan hacked into the fail-safe system , destroying the lab . The warehouse containing all of the R6 compound has been lost . We received a message from the warehouse moments before . Word has spread quickly . Every ship has heard . There was already a growing concern , but now there is real fear . Then we 'll have to manage their fear . Remind everyone that even amid talk of the Fifth Column ... of John May ... They have me . Using a kind of communion called bliss , Anna could transmit powerful messages to her people . Near and far . The experience was intoxicating . The past is gone . The pain you may have caused others ... it 's behind you . No looking back . Just the pulse of time , invigorating , soothing . Bask in my light . Take comfort knowing I am here . You will never be alone . What was that ? We call it bliss . Some experiences are universal , containing both the dark and the light . I wasn 't tired ' cause of my meds . I 'm pregnant . Where there is promise ... We 're gonna have a baby ! There is also trepidation . Faith is tested ... What is it that you need ? Are you ... Yet danger is real . Uhh ! And even the deepest bonds ... " ... Invited to the V ship ! " Cannot protect all that we hold dear . It must be awesome seeing space from one of these ships . Maybe one day you will . What you 've seen today , Tyler , is only the beginning .
