 Team xRG Arjun singh ! please have a seat , I thought I will meet you tomorrow morning . but my P.A. told me about your tight schedule . Thank you Ajay . Thank you Sir , I shall come straight to the point , We got your 2 crore draft and this contract two days ago , We studied it , and we can work on it , then I guess it 's a deal . there is only one problem . You gave us 5 % service charge and we were expecting 7 % . before we dicuss that . I would like to see your security arrangement and facilities . but for this we have to go third floor . and we can discuss on the way , Yeah , sure follow me.s We have 32 diamond mines in South Africa . Almost 50 % percent of rough diamond we send to Jaipur City . for cutting and polishing . but they are not very professional . that 's the reason that this time we are going to try out your Firm . This week we are sending you 500 carats diamond from South Africa , If we will get delivery and quality both on time , then we will increase your contract . that 's great . So before taking any decision , please look at the bigger picture . It 's our state of the art cutting and polishing section . Workers shift over at 7 , that 's why room is clean at a moment , In this unit to match polished diamonds we sort and check them out , Yes , I have reached to Mumbai . No , sorry I couldn 't come to your offce , it 's already 7 . Let 's do one thing , I will send my secretary to your offce , he will collect the papers . Yeah , Ofc ourse . You go to Mr. Jethmalani 's offce and collect the papers then come to hotel . You won 't have any problem to go outside , doors will be open automatically , Every wall of this panel has secured with 12 " steel paneling , It is the most secured place of this building , We sort the diamonds in this windows section . For that as you know we must need natural light , Outside the grill of these windows , are 3 inches thick and made by Stainless Steal . When we shut down at 8 . then 440 Volts current start running in them . It 's 100 % dangerous to touch them , You can 't break this grill with blast . Shall we leave , Please come . This entire building has monitored 24 hours from close circuit cameras . I assure not robbery has done here , Neither it will happen here . We won 't give you any chance of complain , Prince ! Mike ! what 's up ? Prince , guards are coming upstairs , what should we do ? should we abort No way ! Mike ! plan B. It 's plan B. Alert ! Alert ! Alert ! Put your hands up in the air . Don 't move ! don 't move ! I said don 't move or we will Fire . It 's showtime , CBI is coming here in few moments , Excuse me ! Sir ! No comments , Why are you glorifying him ? He is a thief , Not a God . then don 't you think after all this security and locks , how he could steal it , Locks are only for noble people then what we have for thieves ? Bars ! One more question ! only bars . This thief was really very clever ! All proof and recorded videos we had from our cameras he erased everything , Completely wiped out , clean . Got something , Good Morning Sir . You are such a positive man , You meet me in every crime scene , and you said Good Morning , If someone died then Good Morning , If there is some bomb blast then Good Morning , Sir , you are senior6 and it 's my duty to say Good Morning , Your duty is to catch criminals . Any clues ? No , sir . We got only staff members Finger prints , Sir , he is such a clever thief , Not just few kilogram diamonds has stolen , and from the small whole . I don 't understand how could it possible . Where he comes , anything could happen there , who is that ? What are you doing ? Who are you ? Your servant , Who am I ? It means , you ... . ... .. really don 't remember anything , What 's my name ? Your name is that , What 's that ? Prince ! Your name is prince , Prince ! This house ? It 's yours , Sir , you have another house in city , You used to come here for weekends , Three days earlier you called me up from your city house , and called me there . I was just reached to the building compound then suddenly that came , Your car , Your hand was bleeding , I asked you about that ? but you scolded me , then I asked you again on the way that shall we go to doctor , then you scolded me again , You scolded me all the way and we reached here , and I rememberd everything , You remembered everything , You told me to bring the First aid box from bedroom , I brought it , I dress up bandage your hand , but you got unconscious , and when you become conscious you holded my throat , then I would say something you left my throat you holded your head and get unconscious again , Not I could told you something about your condtion nor about the car , Car 's condition ? It 's very bad , Look at these bullet wholes . One is here and one is here . Two holes . I think someone followed you and tried to kill you . Sir , between you and me two kind of people who Fire the bullet . One are goons and others are police , that 's why no doctor no police , Sir , may I bring something else for you ? Fine ! You work for ... . You work in Import Export Firm , I have your card too . take it , Here comes your offce , but what 's this ? Blue shirt black jacket , it 's police . What police is doing near to your offce , Do you know police ? But you told me I have an appartment in this city , Yes , Indeed , it 's nearby . Which way , Left ! Let 's go ! Keep going , Our building is next ! Police ! No , police is not always in blue uniform , It 's orange jacket , Munciple ! They must have come to get the trash ! They are not police ! they are much dangerous than police . Shall I go home , Go ! thank you sir , Wait ! won 't reach to home in 24 hours , then inform the police , Who are you ? Prince ! These are your MRI scans , they all clear . Your nervous system is in perfect order . No mark of injury in your skull . Your all blood reports are absolutely clear . You also remember everything about past two days , People names , address . Driving and coming here , You can all that think what 's importand in normal life . then ... . why I lost my memory , Medical Science couldn 't understand the human brain yet , Your case is very strange . but trust me , I will try my level best . but it could take time , Prince ! I heard that you are so sharp . Today I saw it , I am impressed . So am I ! I don 't like to waste the bullets . So better don 't make any smart moves . Who are you ? and what do you want ? Whatever we want , You will know it soon . Good work ! Indian Government Research and Intelligence Portfolio . You would never heard about our unit , You are talking to Colonel Khanna . Bureau Chief ! Where is that coin ? Coin ? Which coin ? That Anitque Gold coin whose deal you made with Sarang for 50 crore . There are many ways to get the information . that 's why it 's much better that you tell us quickly . Where is that coin ? I don 't know about any Gold Coin . This is unbelievable , He has only one day memory , Try once again , but you know , all previous information are disappeared . and it seems like he ... . Like he used this coin to himself , Himself ! but why ? Don 't know how many people are behind this coin , We also left India only for this coin . It 's really hard to hide this coin , but it 's easy to use it and forget everything , We have to keep an eye on him , May be it will remind himself , When his memory and life will become normal , Normal ? He is prince , Nor his life was ever normal , Neither it will be , You have lost your memory , and the reason is that coin , that 's why I tell you some important things , Sarang wanted to give you 50 crore of that coin , You have to remember only one thing , that coin was in your hand , and it will come again , because you are not doing this job alone , someone is with you , Your partner ! Partner ? If your partner will contact you then tell him , that coin 's price what you were thinking it 's more than that . Sarang was giving you 50 , We will give you 100 . That coin is your God and only it could save your life . but you have only four days , After four days nobody could save you not even God . He is Mr. Sarang ! your boss . Did you ever felt that I I don 't work in Import Export Firm but do some bad business . Never ! you are a nice person , Actually , once I needed some money , You gave me double what amount I asked you . Do you know some girl name Maya ? She is not a girl , She is your girlfriend , She works with you , In fact you also told me that you are going to marry her . Do you have Maya 's number ? How would I have it , Number would be in your mobile , but you lost it that night . Excuse me ! Any maya here ! Maya ! Prince ! I missed you so much . I thought ! I thought I lost you forever . How is your hand now ? You are watching your maya First time , I don 't recognize you , You have lost your memory , but not my love . I will remind you our story . Story of those beautiful moments , what we spent together . but we got devil eye on those few lovely moments . Sarang is the biggest criminal in noble man 's dress . but you were the real strength of Sarang , He is number one now . It was in few people fate to play with Sarang , but it wasn 't in anyone 's fate to win from Sarang , We wanted to start a new life . a life whose moment would be ours . not stolen from Sarang , You knew everything about Sarang . Only his death could seperated from Sarang who knew alot about him , but you were never afraid from death . I am going to steal Sarang 's coin , Coin ! Yes , Sarang 's coin . that was not a normal coin . It was made in Srilanka few years back . and people said that gold was come out from Rawan 's body . People also said that coin has magical powers you made a plan , that after stealing that coin you will come to house . but that night , when I was waiting for you . Where are you ? Maya , I have been shot . I have stolen Sarang 's coin . but his men are following me , Prince ! Are you alright ? I am Fine , but you are not safe there . I will contact you later . What else I could do instead of waiting . To hell with Sarang . Ruby knows bar owner in cape town . I will do job here . You please return the coin to him , that he left our lives . I don 't have that coin . You said that you hid that coin somwhere . Only that coin could bring our life from Sarang . I forgot everything . and until I don 't get that coin , You will have to stay with ruby . For that coin , many other people are behind me , When I will get the coin , I will contact you by myself . Where you will Find the coin ? I told you ... . How is your hand ? I am trying your mobile from two days , but your mobile is out of reach , and you didn 't contact me , Finally , I spoke to Sarang . and I got 24 hours , and it 's enough for us . Who are you ? What happen to you ? I am Maya ! You are not maya . but you know I lost my memory . and you are using that . why ? Who are you ? What are you saying prince ? What happened to your memory . I am Maya ! CBI offcer Maya Malhotra . Your ID . CBI offcer prince . CBI ? and it 's your partner 's ID . It means mine , Offcer Maya Malhotra . We are working with CBI Chief Mr. Khan . Now you believe it . These cards could be fake . Fake ? Do you know what is this ? Sarang 's house map . and it 's Sarang 's case File . In which his all details are . We came here to arrest Sarang . Operation Durban Undercover . Stage one . To win sarang 's trust and work with him , Stage two . Collect evidence against him and arrest him red handed . But it was not easy to catch Sarang . because Sarang is the biggest white collar criminal of South Africa . that 's why we become thief . and we did three high profile robberies . Paris , Jakarta and Diamond Corporation of India . and after that . Sarang put his eyes on us . He contact us himself . and gavve us proposal to join him , then he gave us job to steal an antique coin from Museum , Our plan was that after stealing that coin when we will deliver to him , then Offcier Khan will arrest him red handed , Durban Police was behind us . because they didn 't know that we are undercover . from that day we get apart , so we are meeting today . Many things are left , and one more thing , We are not just partners for CBI . We are life partners too . Here is your coffee . Without Sugar and Milk for Boss , and seperate for madam , You remember everything except names , What 's left in name ? Thanks God that you met him , Otherwise I was getting mad to giving him answers . My stupid servant said that I work in Sarang 's Company , A starnger girl tell me that Sarang is a gangster and I am his right hand , and now you ... . You are saying I am an undercover CBI agent ... Sarang is not an ordinary gangster . He have offces in entire world . He operates from Durban , but his connections are with International Cartels . I don 't know how many lies that girl told you , I just know that your life is in danger . because Sarang have contacts from Ministry to media . Sarang could kill his enemy at any cost , No matter what he have to pay for it . Sarang get whatever he wants , And now he is looking for that coin , and it 's necessary for us to Find it . You don 't know how dangerous Sarang is . Contact Sarina , Find out where is Prince and his Maya . That girl didn 't come here who was dancing here last night , Many girls came here . Do you know her address . I don 't know her address . It 's my number , and it 's yours , When you will know her address then call me . Your lover came here . He was asking your address . What ? He offered me 25000 . Send me 50000 before club close . Prince came back to candy club . Why did he came there ? You send 50000 to Tony before the club close . Leave this coin mess , It 's not easy to betray Sarang and Prince . You know whatever I am doing , I am doing for us . What are you thinking ? I got my prince . then prince will get the coin . I don 't want to go , but I have to contact department , They start doubting on you . And I have to ask time from Sarang . I know ... . that you will must get the coin . I didn 't know you are sitting here to welcome , It 's pleasure for me , CBI was involved in Coin Robbery , and you didn 't tell us . Sir , I didn 't know that your department is interested in coin , It 's clearly written in 1st August circular that I GRIP is the highest authority . more than CBI . I am sorry but I didn 't read that circular . What happened in Coin Robbery Case ? Maya has located Prince . We don 't care for Sarang , We need that coin , At any cost , Fine ! Coin will be yours , but Sarang will be ours . Whatever you will do just keep me inform , Why just you ? We should also inform Sarang , that what plan we made to catch him , Actually , why don 't we open a newspaper . Times of Crime . Remember it again , That night ... . We stopped somewhere , No , how many times I told you that night our car came from that house , so it stopped in this house garage , Car ! Who am I ? Who I am looking for ? Who am I ? Who I am looking for ? I found coin , Now tell me , what next ? Sarang is on his farm house , I will contact him and arrange the coind delivery , here Sarang will reach with his men , there Offcer Khan will be ready to catch him , There is a place between cliffs , from where Sarang won 't go anywhere . Khan is reaching with his team , Where did you Find the coin ? In my shoes heel . I have heard you have been shot . Sarang ! Something is Fishy , How everything could be Finish easily . Yes , Now I remember , They didn 't come to arrest me , What was that offcer name ? Khan ! Police should be on time , After all how long we criminals could wait , Right Boss ? You ran alot , Now who will save you ? This coin is fake , Give me the gun back . What are you thinking ? How your Maya could kill you ? But Sarina could kill you , Yes , Your Sarina , Who could do anything for you , Where is the real coin ? I want him alive , who are you ? Maya ! One more maya ... one more story .. I just want to say ... prince .. That ... I love you a lot .. More than my life .. I 'll not tell you any story .. Neither you 're right of sarang , nor the c.b.i offcer .. we both are professional thief .. We were working with sarang since many years Again same story .. New twist .. go ahead .. few months ago we decided that , we 'll leave that work . but It was hard to do it .. Sarang 's orginazaion is a one way street where there 's no u turn we had only two ways .. Either we kill sarang , or make him arrested . We contacted C.B.I offcer khan .. We gave him offer that we can make arrest sarang .. But In exchange of we want our all criminal records clear .. khan agreed . After few days , sarang gave us the job of stealing anti gold coin . The chance we were in need .. we got it . The plan was that , after stealing coin when we 'll deliver to sarang .. Then offcer khan will arrest him red handed . The good plan was as was hard too .. We successed , but we didn 't that our future life will change by it .. I won 't tell you more .. C.B.I offcer khan will continue the story Till we dont get the coin , its neccesary to keep him alive .. he have to die .. loved till two years .. hate just 2 days .. Still your prince just little hurt .. More pain is remain .. remained blood shed . It seems that I 've to introduce myself again by the way , our enemity , or friendship is very old . But its not time to recall the old remories .. I believed that to see you .. that sarang used the coin at you Just one question ... this coin 's biography starts from here . date ... 24.08.2001 . place .. voliar 's research laboratory .. charactor .. country 's selected team of scientist .. which was researching on nano technology .. In which .. the more genius was he .. after 8 years ... dr.ram successed in his secret mission Igrip had spent billions on it .. What dr.ram was building like that . ? Dr.ram made a path breaking memory chip .. By this chip .. human memory can be extract on computer disk .. After altering it .. we can implant again in human brain .. If we say in simple language .. this chip .. we can change any human 's thoug We can change the memory of enemy , so he 'll believe that he 's our friend . super intelligent man 's memory can be implant in anybody . can make a criminal a good person .. how could it possible .. It happend .. with you two weeks aga when dr.Ram was presenting the memory chip to igrip .. That time his corps was found .. That chip and its software was missing . The team 's investigation came to know that It was done by his assitance who stole the chip and flew to south africa . Igrip 's intelligent got information .. That he made a deal with a guy name sherry .. Sherry Is very big dealer who operates from capetown . And sarangs biggest rival .. He do bussiness of the arms and the defence secrets . Sherry had know the price of chip .. he informed his international buyers .. to sale it .. he made very intelligent plan . often he used to sale his antique in auction at durban .. Therefore he hided that chip in antique coin .. The plan was that , in the antique auction of durban .. that chip have to sale by coin .. That chip will remain offcial .. and buyer can take away from country easily sherry prepared to send the antiques with coin to durban from capetown . Sherry 's plan was nice , but he 'd not that which his rival had .. you both are world 's clever and professional thiefs .. When we stole that coin . Till we dont know its truth . coin was at our hand .. And salina was in front of us either sarang was at doubt at us .. Or he dont want to take a chance with the coin .. that was the cause .. we couldn 't contact offcer khan .. We 'd knew that destiny will play a game with us .. that our future , present , will change .. We should play a game which there 's a winning is confirmed . whatever game would be .. we should know how to win coin is in my hand .. and cash in yours . at this time everything is in my hand what khan offered you deal ? to make me arrested .. I 'm feeling that I shoot you .. When weapon got stained .. has to clean its stain .. You made my big job .. to stealing the chip .. I can make fall down whole world . Today I 'll clean your stain . I 'll get rid the memory of maya from his brain .. Nothing should be remain .. I want prince who take breath only for sarang .. His every step up only for me .. Your prince is free from your remembrence .. Next time when he 'll wake up .. Neither you 'll be in his brain nor his world .. Give my chip back .. you 're doing very big mistake .. you 're mistaking .. You 'll repent a lot .. Before we got seprated , we decided that we 'll meet at beach house when I reached that and saw , vick y was there allready I understood , that sarang got 'nt that coin yet . they still were Finding the coin .. your life would be not in danger by sarang , so I observes you .. Was waiting for right time to contact you Its mean , after 1 hour of sepration , I had remember everything .. But Mike removed my memory by that chip .. As after deleting the software from computer to remove all its traces .. have to restart again .. just like that .. your brain had the image of your memory when you sleeped at night . and woke up in morning your image was cleared .. Now the question is not about that coin . rather its about national securirty .. he met with khan ? So he would know everything .. If he 'd know everything so comes to me .. If i dont Find him .. so tomorow 's morning will be last of prince .. I hided one thing from khan .. that day you sent me a voice mail . Maya I 'm safe .. I hided the coin .. It has the sight of gandhi . take care of latters . what does it means ? I left this message by an land line It 'd must be a pay phone .. This phone booth is at ... I said in my message that I gave the coin to gandhi .. It might has a coin go outside and keep a sight We planned our high tech robery from here .. its good that you didn 't telled about it to p.k .. Its not minor I.C .. And Its the receiver .. Maya and prince were coming here . we followed them .. If you didn 't get information till morning .. you 're gone in vast city , there 's a little thing is hiden .. which everybody want it How does this coin look like ? Same as that fake coin was .. Which you gave to sarang . But why I hided that fake coin in my shoes .. you didn 't ... I did .. I kept that fake coin .. You ? salina had spreaded her net upon you .. you started to consider her real maya .. If I comes in front of you , so you 'd not believe me .. therefore I hided that fake coin in your shoes .. But It was late .. I 'll Find that coin .. for you .. I was waiting for your wake up . now you came to know about brain mapper everything .. but one defect which is remain .. And the affect of defect is .. how many time you wake up . your hard disk get crash . If your memory will not be reload in your brain .. Then your brain will crash like that always .. it might cause brain hambrage .. In that situation you can live 6 days .. today is sixth day . You have just 8 hours .. Find the coin .. and take your memory .. without your remembrence .. you should not die . what are you doing ? Its near that phone booth Every locker has 6 numbers .. I said in my message that I gave to gandhi . and take care of latters . the way is overs here . Sarang did very bad with you If I 'd be on his step .. I 'd do more worst than him I dont need to tell prince that you stole the coin from me . And begger are two . what happend ? he have no coin we couldn 't Find coin ? and picked up prince . if he have no coin , so maya must have it .. maya will give us that coin .. to save the prince .. today she 'll give us coin .. and tomorrow they both will kill us . sherry was about to give us 100 million of that coin .. gone . I know you 've the coin but you go to sarang .. Before that ... you 've to come to me sarang has brain mapper .. what you got ? I got prince .. where are you maya ? I got thier location First tell me how can you save the life of prince .. I 've the copy of the brain mapper software which I made from sarangs laptop Its about the life of prince Sarang want to Finish prince when getting the coin .. I made this copy for save prince . Prince have less time how does this coin look like forsake of everything is happening prince have very low time . what are you doing ? what do you think ... girl like me will love idiot like you in this room ... here is only one idiot . And I 'm not that .. nothing will happend to prince I got the real coin .. I 've scanned the greedy virus from priya 's talking .. So what kinda coin it was .. that duplicate coin you gave to prince , and prince gave to sarang when I can steal whole brain mapper from sarangs laptop .. So can 't coin . ? come back prince otherwise we 'll loose this Fight . got the chance to live .. but you might in hurry to die . let him go .. we 've the coin .. The Firing is less from inside . It seems thier amunition is about to Finish sarang is running from the way of back door . we 'll get the location of sarang very soon colonel khanna has 'nt gone after him but with him Igrip 's every guns had fake bullets .. Sarang had bought khanna allready .. he had details of everything . wherever sarang would have gone for .. must have wore his shoes .. Have to wait for good news sometime .. Is coin is in your hand ? yes , and will be in yours .. where are we goin ? I 'm safe .. look outside .. The area between pakistan and afghanistan .. which is not of anyone 's but everyone 's from here , there 's a base camp after 7 km away .. Here every kinda weapon is in sale from every country But worlds any goverment 's weapon cant reach at us .. tell khanna that prince can reach anywhere . how do you know my location ask to your shoes ..
