 ripped by : Beethoven Eng sub created by : TiN Year 2080 This year is the 10th anniversary of Dr. Masterson 's invention Solar Canopy 70 % of the world population do not have to worry about energy crisis anymore . With this giant Solar Canopy , mankind had more than enough supply of clean energy Our environment is better protected Today , the Father of Solar Engery , Dr. Masterson , will be present at the exhibition of ... Unearthed Relics of the Tang Dynasty as the officiating guest Is the intelligence confirmed ? yes ... It has been confirmed twice . Our intelligence is confirmed . The terrorists have hired professional hitmen . They plan to assassinate Dr. Masterson at the Exhibition hall today Dr. Masterson has deprived the energy merchants of their business opportunities it is not surprising they want to kill him This time the hitmen are cyborgs Thank You . It 's disgusting They look like insects All of you should understand This mission is dangerous You guys must be more careful . Get your armouries Before the exhibition starts find an advantageous base of operation Yes , sir Millie You 'd better go home to take care of your daughter Why ? Whenever we are given a dangerous mission . why do you always leave me out ? Why do you always go on the mission without me ? I am scared I am afraid that my husband 's name would appear on the casualty list . I know . I understand . I ... don 't know how to argue with you. you know ? Take me with you . Whenever I am with my loved one . I become inarticulate , I don 't know why . Am I going to be inarticulate even with my daughter ? So , take care , will you ? Be careful I am leaving now We will enter the exhibition hall 30 seconds later Tell everybody security level is raised Got it Now I declare the " Unearthed Relics of the Tang Dynasty " exhibition is now opened May we have Dr. Masterson to officiate the ribbon cutting ceremony for us ? Millie , protect Dr. Masterson ! Mayor , please retreat Retreat ! Hurry up That way , hurry up ! Fire ! Run ... Run now . Millie Kapo ! Retreat ... hurry up ! Don 't move Millie ... Forward now Stop him Kiki , put your socks on or I will be mad at you No , I don 't want to put on my socks But without your socks , you 'll get sick No , I don 't want to I am angry now Stop ! hurry up ... don 't you dare hit me Kiki Let me warn you , I 'm gonna hit you now Stop running ! Don 't be a nuisance ! I 'll spank you ! Why don 't you learn to put on your socks ? You 'll get sick ! Please. no ! Please ! Put it on yourself Why ... don 't you put on your socks ? why do you run in your bare feet ? why don 't you listen to your mom ? You are bad ! - I want to eat it . - I 'll give it to mom . - Stop hitting your dad I don 't want to eat it It 's fake - Of course ! Do you think it 's the real thing ? - Disgusting ! Help me ! Hold her down . It hurts You 're so bad ! Kiki , come and help me Don 't bully mummy Hit your dad ! Hit him ! Come and help Dad Let 's see where you can go It 's snowing It 's snowing Hit you ! You are disgusting ! Kiki , help me ! Dad ! Dad , don 't do that ! I know you are here I proposed to her right there what happened to your wife , we are very sorry . Someone stole the confidential files about Time Travel developed by many countries . Time travel ? How far can one go back throught Time Travel ? At most a century ago Who stole it ? Most probably those who tried to assassinate Dr. Masterson . I suppose they want to go back in time ... to kill the teenage Dr. Masterson . so , this can change history I need to increase my power After this operation , you will become the most powerful cyborg in the world you will possess ... all the merits of the robot army . you will have no weaknesses . No ! If you do that , only the head and the heart are mine . Can I still say I am human ? This mission needs a very special man If you don 't have guts . you can back out now No ! I 'll do it . Kalon . shut up . I will not change my mind . then please operate on me too . I want to stay with you even if we are going to die . have a good hug now I am afraid that this will be your last hug ... before you part with your present body ! Dr. Masterson , how old were you then ? I was twelve . If you want me to go back in time . You must do what I ask of you you can 't delete my memory K.W. Foster , you fail your composition test again . You should read Kiki 's composition . Her composition 's title is " My father " A few teachers and I are deeply moved But my father ... hasn 't come home for 9 months What can I write about him ? So , you just hand in a blank paper I can 't even remember my father 's looks Nonsense ! Go stand outside the classroom , now ! you better watch out my father is a traffic policeman He rides a motorcycle and patrols the streets everyday . He says hello to citizens with a smile . under the scorching sun he still serves the citizens and maintians law and order . though he sweats profusely every day patrolling the streets Dad said , policemen are civil servants the safety of citizens lies in the hands of the police Doctor , have you brought your camera with you ? Of course , you know I love taking pictures of insects May I borrow it ? Don 't you need me to help you with your homework today ? If you don 't do your homework , you will be punished tomorrow Let 's do it some other day I have someting important to do today . What sort of naughty things do you have in mind ? Kiki protrays her dad as a super hero . I don 't believe her I want to tail her Perhaps , her dad is an obses man He is so fat that he may have difficulty climbing on his bike so what ? I want to film it And let everyone in school watch it and laugh at Kiki I just hate her guts in school ! Hi , Miss Holly Kiki , why don 't you go home after school ? Dad said he 'll come her eto meet me at four o 'clock He will the ngive me moeny to buy food Take a close up of her , otherwise how do people know who she is ? Shut up ! what do you know ? Miss Holly ! I cannot contact Misfortune you fool Yesterday he told me there will be a robbery here today . He will contact us at the scene . Where the hell is he now ? I am right here Why did you hide in the rubbish bin ? Safety first I have been an undercover cop for 6 years I would have been killed if I wasn 't discreet where are the robbers ? They would come at 3 : 50 At the entrance of the jewellery shop I am the lookout 3 : 50 ? It 's almost 4 o 'clock now . That 's not possible ? My watch is always correcet My girlfriend gave it to me Who is this kiddy ? Kidd 's daughter My name is Kiki , not kiddy . You have a sharp tongue , sharper than your dad Kidd is not an articulate man My father is honest , not inarticulate You , Misfortune , are dumb Kiki , this is Mr. Jing He is our buddy , so we greet him by his nickname So , Mr. Jing is Misfortune I am going to get out Remember the password ? Sure I do , Ha ... . Miss Holly , he is notorious for being forgetful . Can he remember the password ? Yes , he does . The password is " Ha ... " Why haven 't the three come yet ? Boss , you look pretty in a woman 's dress . I can 't imagine that a fool like you can be an undercover ! An undercover cop ? How can I be an undercover cop ? Look ! Do you want to signal him ? Let 's see how you can do it now ! Follow me ! Come on ! Kiki , dont stay here . Go and wait for your father by the road side . Remember , if something happens , just hide somewhere immediately . Got it ? - See you ! - See you ! Dad Come and help me now ! Are you okay ? I am fine ! Did anyone see me ? No ... See how clumsy her father is ! If we put this video clip on the internet , Kiki will want to dig a hole to hide herself . that 's right ! Robbery ! Get out of my way ! Get out of my way ! on the floor Down on the floor ! Get out of my way ... Hide now ! - Don 't come over . - Stop ! Dad ! - Let the hostage go ! You can 't get away ! - Dad ! Let ... me go ! - Call the B team to back us up ! Hurry up ! - Yes ! - Dad ! - Don 't let them get away ! Let 's follow them ! I am sure there will be more that 's right ... Run ! Hurry up ! Why are there two Kidd Zhao ? I am just your illusion My illusion ? that 's right ... Ghost ! Super---man ! There is no ghost in this world It 's just an illusion How about me ? Am I an illusion or a ghost ? You are an illusory ghost ! Come over ... You ... Are we dreaming ? Kiki 's father is a Superman cop ! Kidd , are you alright ? He won 't die . Kiki Miss Holly . What happened ? I don 't know . What has happened ? I don 't know either . I fainted . It 's weird ! What torment ! You have asked me many many times . I 'll ask one more time . one more time . Alright . Come on . Today , two of us went to the rooftop . They didn 't beat me But I fainted When I woke up , those three guys were lying on the floor . Why ? Well , I suppose they had an infighting and injured themselves Do you understand ? Yes Come on , eat . Eat . Hey ... . I beg you , okay ? Please ! All right , eat . Eat . My goodness me ! He is truly the Superman ! Super cool ! Shall we upload that on the internet ? Of course not ! Why ? If everyone knows Kiki 's father is Superman we won 't have any chance what chance ? To be his disciple ! Ask him to teach us ! Ask him to teach us ? Of course . Think ! If we were like him say , if we can jump that high we can certainly win a gold medal in the 2024 Olympics . That 's right ! Why didn 't I think of that ? You 're dumb ! Mom ! Your mom is so young ! How could she have given birth to you ? She is my step-mother . My mom died giving birth to me . But she is nice to me . Shse looks very sad now . My dad hasn 't come home for 9 months . My mom always looks sad these days . Will she commit suicide ? Hoe can you say this ? You moron ! It 's time for dinner . I don 't want to eat . I have no appetite . What 's the matter ? If people think you are insane and tie you up will you be happy ? Let me make you happ ! How ? I 'll use both of my hands to make you happy I don 't want a massage . I don 't like to be folded so , I have to double my effort ! I 'll use both of my hands . and my tongue to make you happy ! is that true ? Of course it is true Good ! Are you ready ? Are you happy now ? Excuse me . So , I 'll go now . Get me out of here as soon as possible ! They treat me as an insane patient . It 's you who told the doctor that Kidd Zhao became Superman yesterday He overcamae the three robbers in a fight , right ? Right ! He said that is was only my illusion then I fainted . was that your illusion ? How can that be ? didn 't the three of them tell you the same thing ? Were all four of us having the same illusion ? Can Kidd Zhao possibly be Superman ? That 's impossible . But ... Misfortune , let me tell you because I have rejected your courting because I ... I am fond of him you should not bear false witness against him If I lied I will forgo my name Misfortune Call me Mishap for life , okay ? Anyway , be careful about what you say Or , I won 't let you off the hook lightly Please sit . What 's you name ? You know what ? The three robbers said , Kidd Zhao is Superman , did you hear that ? Yes , I did Are they now in the hospital ? Yes . I used the lie detector on them they didn 't lie So , you believe Kidd 's Superman ? Of course ... not . There 's someting wrong with the lie detector . But our undercover Misfortune said the same thing So , I can 't help getting suspicious Misfortune had been held hostage and he was stabbed . I think he 's got " Post-traumatic stress disorder " The doctor said that he gave a very detailed account of what happened and that Kidd had told him he is imagining things What actually happened yesterday ? I have written a very detailed report I have read every detail in your report But I found out that he was out of your sight for a short interval What happened during that interval ? I only have Kidd 's statement During that interval Kidd and his daughter were held hostage on the rooftop . We dared not stay too close . About one minute later , we got there after hearing a gun shot During that minute when you didn 't see what happened The three robbers and Misfortune said Kidd suddenly turned into Superman Let 's go Where ? Let 's go see our Superman Kidd Zhao ! Looking for me ? Superman . What Superman ? Someone said you 're Superman Who said so ? The three robbers who fought among themselves What did you do to them ? I didn 't do anything ! I felt strange that they repeatedly hit my fist with their faces Someone was hit ! Why do you laugh ? I thought you 'd take pity on him ? Bullshit ! If you were Superman , you could go catch all the bad guys . We can have an easy time . Come here ... Let me tell you Actually I am Batman . Batman ? You 've got a sense of humor ! No wonder Holly ... care so much about you Come on ! Do you want me to tell everyone how you sang ? I give up . Don 't ! Say anything about me but not this . What is it about ? Nothing ! Mr. Batman , see you then . Bye . He is very busy - Let me tell you - What ? His ex-girlfriend was my classmate You know how awfully he sings ? No His singing is horrible ! Absolute nightmare ! It was Pink 's birthday He proposed to her We forced him to sing the song " Love you for ten thousand years " You can 't imagine how awfully he sang it I don 't know who is worse , him or the original singer . But he dared to sing the whole song My classmate couldn 't help crying She agreed to marry him Marry him ? So , what happened next ? Easy come , easy go . They broke up not long after the engagement Since then He hasn 't fallen in love again He is a very nice man I hope he can find a better woman than my classmate You too . of course Oh my goodness ! She likes me . you can 't fall in love wiht anyone in the year 2020 That will change history We don 't want history to be changed Come back at once when the mission is accomplished You must not stay there And , never disclose your identity That may alarm the assassins that may endanger your mission to protect young Dr. Masterson Be careful when you cross the road Sorry ... We have met you at last ! Why do you two wait here for me ? It 's because we found out you 're Superman ! We won 't tell others But you must take us as your disciples . What did you say ? Do you think we are talking nonsense ? Are you two paparazzi ? Why did you film me secretly ? That was accidental It won 't make a difference even if you destory this disk We have made dozens of copies . dozens of copies ? Did anyone else see it ? up to this second , only the three of us have seen it If you don 't agree to teach us , this disk will be sent to all the television stations Are you two blackmailing me ? Master , don 't misunderstand us We want to learn from you Teach us how to be Superman junior - Get up ! - We want to have your superpower to help the weak and to fight crime Get up If you won 't teach us , we won 't get up . Alright . You have witnessed my superpower . perhaps we are destined to be . teachers and students But ... in order to become my students , you must follow one rule If not , I will puncture your acupuncture point of Oaf , it will then delete everything you have learnt . What 's the rule ? Never let anyone know we are supermen . Of course . From today onwards . You are Superman II And you are Superman III You 'll have to buy me a new car Don 't kill us ! My things are very valuable and expensive . Just take anything you want Yes , our furniture is designer made . Take anything you like with you Hubby . This fool is a surgeon ! in what year is today ? December 3rd Which year ? Dec. 3 , 2020 Today is Dec 3 . 2020 We came from the second Universe Crevice . The first Universe Crevice was in the year 2018 . I wonder from which Crevice he came from . If he came from the first Crevice , Then he had arrived 2 years ago . I really hope that ... he is the cop who killed my brother ... Kidd Zhao ! I want to torture him as much as possbile ... to avenge my brother 's death . Hubby , don 't worry . Once we know where Dr. Masterson is , we will get him " Ten Thousand Buddhas ' Pacing Home " What are you two doing ? Kiki , stop pretending your dad taught us martial arts your dad is our master You must have learnt this from him From now on , we are family My dad taught you two ... this ? you must be lying She doesn 't know the secret poor girl she doesn 't know anything about her dad Let 's go ! Don 't talk to her right here Go ... you lied . I have nothing to say ... Stop following me ! Stop ! are you nuts ? Go and help out now Miss Holly what 's the matter ? When the three robbers were sent to the hospital today for a medical checkup they kept saying that Superman beat them up the reported heard about it and came over what 'd we do then ? the pararazzi are everywhere You 'd better be careful I will . Sergeant Masterson wants to see you I 've got tons of enquiries asking me what had happened I think you 'd better stay here I agree I hope no one would believe the robbers Anyway , they don 't have any chance to talk to the press But I am afraid that someone will still say that he is Superman Then I just don 't know what to say No it won 't Let me tell you definitely This is the last one what 's the matter ? Sorry , Sergeant Kidd Zhao , a kid is calling you on the phone He wants to tell you that his mother is going to commit suicide He wants you to go as Superman to rescue his mom what kid ? He says he is Kidd 's disciple He is Superman number 2 His name is K.W. Foster Put him through , please . Let me talk to him ! Yes , sir . Master , this is K.W. speaking My mom , to be exact , my step-mother , she is now sitting on the balcony and says she is going to jump she said my dad asked for a divorce my dad wants to leave her and me too What you taught me is of no use . Please come and save her ! It 's high ... It 's to dangerous to sit there where is the rescue team ? they are on the way they can 't make it in time I 'll do it myself Sergeant you haven 't gone on a mission for one whole year . I 'll go with you wait for me right here I will go up by myself The press are here they see you ! go back to the building Persuade the woman to go back to the apartment I 'll go down from above you go distract her you two , set the block further back Yes , madam Tell the firemen to get the air cushion ready as soon as possible Yes , madam Mom ! Please don 't jump you must hang on ! wait for me What 's the matter ? Master , come in ! Quick ! My mom is sitting on the balcony and says she is going to jump . Master Superman is here to help you ! Don 't jump Don 't come over ! Or , I will jump Okay , we won 't come near you Ladies and gentlemen ! This is a live broadcasat of the legendary police Superman , Kidd Zhao ... He is trying to persuade a woman to give up committing double suicide Let 's see whether he can accomplish this mission or not It 's dangerous Sergeant , this is too high Can we wait for the rescue team ? They can 't make it in time , I 've got to do it myself . That 's impossible ! How can a man ... want to divorce a pretty wife like you ? How can he leave such a smart kid ? I am sure he will regreit it after a week But my dad hasn 't come home for nine months I am sure he will regret it after nine months I wait for him until all my money is gone I kept telling myself that he will come back one day But at long last , all I 've got is a request for divorce tell me what else can I do ? I am going to kill myself ! Don 't cry Look ! you 're so pretty and young Many men ... Many men will want to love you . Will yo love me ? I ... Answer me now . I just take it as an example . Just for example . Right ? You men ... Men are all liars . You never mean what you say No one is trustworthy ! I will never trust me ! Hey , what are you doing ? Hey ... Mom , please don 't ... Please don 't , okay ? Stop ... Many men want to love you ! It 's true . You lied ! no one loves me . None ! Not even one man ! Yes , one man does love you . I love you . you are lying ! No , if you say YES ! I 'll marry you at once I am single . Let 's get marry early tomorrow morning . Why do you want to marry me ? Why ? Love at first sight My husband sang me a song when he proposed to me I was deeply moved and marrired him Will you sing me a song now ? But I ... can 't sing If a man really loves a woman , he will do anything for her He will sing to her Do you know his singing is very awful ? I don 't know His singing is truly awful ! " I love you for ten thousand years . My love is durable ... " " I love you for ten thousand years . My love is durable ... " Sergeant Masterson ! What are you doing ? The rescue team is using every means ... to rescue the woman include singing . Thought he doesn 't sing well , but we should appreciate his efforts " My love is durable " " It stands the test of time " " This love draws us together tightly together " " I love you for ten thousand ... " what are you doing ? Bravo ! She is safe now ... Bravo ! Help ! Go up ! Hurry up ! Are you okay ? I am fine , thank you . Are you okay ? who are you ? Let me take a look ... who are you ? It 's me . I 'm sorry ... I was reall worried about you how about now ? I am not worried now . Did you see me ? Dad rescued the woman . It 's great . It was very dangerous . I was really in danger ! How can Superman be in danger ? What 's the matter with you ? How can a smart girl like you believe what they say ? But , why do so many people say you 're Superman ? Dad Why didn 't you tell me our past ? you didn 't even tell me anything about mom You just said she died but how ? I haven 't even seen any photo of her . Why ? Don 't you believe in me , your dad ? No . You 'd rather believe what those fools out ther said about me But you don 't believe me , right ? So , why did you teach Foster and Doctor weird ' martial arts ' ? It 's because they 're stupid They won 't listen to me So I cheated them Dad , I think you 're cheating me too . Why should I cheat my own daughter ? I ... Someone is coming ... I don 't want others see you cry May I. Don 't cry . Smile . I know you have not eaten tonight . Kiki , a pretty girl is here for you Hi , how are you doing ? Hi , this is night snack I am not hungry In fact , I don 't know what hunger is Hey . You two having a quarrel ? I don 't know Girls of this age have weird thoughts . You are a single parent . You should try harder to understand her feelings . Come on . You eat first . I 'll go talk to her . The doctor said you were in shock You 'll be fine after one or two days ' rest Can you stay and keep me company ? Sure . My name is Sue . I am Masterson . Nice to meet you . Sweet Are you the kid who was saved tonight ? Yes Bravo ! Can I have an interview with you ? In Talent International School There are three students named Masterson But , they are all girls Is he studying in some other school ? But , he donated a new building to the school in the year 2078 He said his mother school is Talent International School If he didn 't study there , why did he say that was his mother 's school ? He graduated in 2021 So , he should be a primary six student now Can he be a transfer student ? Let 's ask some students in that school look at him ? He is Superman , of course . I am his disciple And , his daughter Kiki is my classmate He has a daughter ? He is Superman , he can break a gun with a punch We need some help It 's cold ! Yeah , it 's cold Shouldn 't you give me your jacket ? Alright . We are both adults This is not the 19th century You know I love you Why do you always avoid me ? Is there another woman you 're in love with ? You alwaysa pretend to cough whenever I raise this question . In fact ... I can 't get over Kiki 's mom A nice man like you is an endangered species I will wait for you I will wait until you get over her Then , we can fall in love I don 't have time Bullshit . You 're still young . See , a taxi is coming . You 'd better go home . I 'll call you and we can talk I don 't want to go home Why ? I want to be with you. why do you push me away ? Sorry ! Please go ! I don 't want to go . I have my reasons for saying no I 'll tell you later Tell me now It 's not convenient . Maybe next month ... Not convenient ? Next month ? Are you a woman ? I don 't want to argue with you . Please go now . I am not going are you sure ? I am sure If you won 't go I 'll go Go ! Don 't you want to go ? This food is nice . Why don 't you eat it ? Why don 't you go back to your mother ? My mom is having a good time with her lover Why should I go back to her ? How come you three are released ? You are released but I am tied up . It 's not fair . - What do you want ? Let me go ! - Misfortune ! help me ! Let me go ! All of you freeze ! Miss Holly Hands up ! Do you know Robert Masterson ? Dr. Masterson ? Dr. Masterson ? No . We don 't know him . I have a classamte nicknamed Doctor . Are you the disciple of Kidd Zhao ? that 's correct Do as I say . Re-make all three of them . I don 't have the necessary materials at home . Use whatever you have Are you two Kidd 's friends ? I am not . I am . If you are not his friend , You are his enemy . OK ! We are friends .. Then I 'll remake you too . I don 't want to ... please don 't Look at you ! You 'll look better after the re-maike . Go ahead ! How about just double-fold eyelids ? Dad We are not on good terms yet Have you found them ? The speed of the internet sixty years ago is too slow ! It takes me two minutes ... to hack into their traffick system 's surveillance network . Now , I can see where they are going Once they disembark , we 'll go over there Dad Kiki , go call the police . Why ? Be good , go now ! Dad ! Save me ! Let me go ! Let me go ! Run ! Quick ! Run ! Help ! Run ! Wow . Superman ! I am the Future X-Cop ! He is fantastic ! Future X-Cop ! You 've finally come . the thermo detector can 't locate Fiona and me your body temperature is lower than a snake If you want to save your woman and the kid , come in . Bravo ! I 'll talk straight with you ! Tell me where Dr. Masterson is . Then I 'll let your woman and the kid go I never bargain with terrorists But let me tell you , you 've gotten it all wrong Dr. Masterson isn 't in this age , I 've tried to find him for two years but failed do you think I will believe you ? I don 't care if you believe me or not If you 're a man , let the three of them go No , not three , but four. don 't forget we also have Misfortune . I am here ! What 'd I become hereafter ? - Brother don 't panic this is nice I can change channel when I am tired of you face . Shut up , you kid ! let me tell you ! If I press this remote control , your woman will be burnt to ashes Weapons of sixty years ago are primitive But they can still kill your woman ... I assure you they still work Don 't worry about me , Kidd ! It 's so sweet you must love her very much Answer me Yes , I love her very much I 'll tell you If you kill her You will never find Dr. Masterson all your life . Run , hurry ! Go and save them got it you take care of yourself you guys , run ! - Master , be careful ! - Dad ! Dad ! You really are Superman ! Cool ! Why didn 't you tell me earlier ? calm down ... Go with Miss Holly . Hurry up ! Sergeant Masterson Where di you get these clothes ? They gave it to me For the rest , I 'll tell you later He really is Superman What 'd I do then ? Don 't worry ! My master will change you back The authorities have read the report you submitted Apparently , they accept your explanation They hope you can stay and help solve some scientific problems for us No problem They don 't want to alarm the citizens and cause panic So , you must be very discreet Sure Sorry ... You ancient people are weird You always apologize . It is so annoying . Where is the Sergeant ? I suppose he is making preparations for his wedding now So fast ? Yeah ! how about us ? I am just kidding Don 't take me seriously I may leave one month from now What if I am willing to love you for one month only ? I .. I am afraid .. you 'll suffer No . I 'll be fine . So pretty , such bliss ! All the best to you ! So pretty right unfortunately , you 'll have to leave soon I am sorry ... It 's a deal We 'll love each other for one month And then , we 'll remember the bliss of that month for our whole life What a pity we still can 't find Dr. Masterson Maybe I 've got the wrong information Where is Misfortune ? Is he here ? He transferred to the Special Force Unit He is a captain now , really cool Hello Boss , I am behind you I have to go out for a while What ? You come to pick me up ? We must take you to the right location and teleport you back to 2080 time ? about two hours later Make good use of your time here ! Your girlfriend is pretty You are pretty too . So , I better go look for a handsome boyfriend sure Master . Kiki , tole me that you will leave soon , right ? that 's right ! When we are back , don 't just think of me Study hard Honour you dad and mum When we are back We will send you email I hate to think of what will happen tomorrow why ? I have to change my name on my identity card Who did it for you ? My mom did it . I like it very much from now on , I have to embroider " K.W. " on all my shirts " K.W " is the initial of Kam Wah Do you have a Christian name ? Yes , my dad just gave me one today It is Robert , Robert K.W. Masterson Do you think it 's cool ? Robert K.W. Masterson ? Master , what 's the matter ? nothing I will miss you After we leave , you must work very very hard in your studies you must remember , there is only technology in this world There is no Superman If you have any new ideas , just speak out Do you understand ? I do Can I see you again ? We may meet again Sure , I promise we will meet again Run ! Run ! Run now ! Quick ! Call the Special Force for back up now ! Run ! Alright . hurry up .. Stay behind me what 's happening ? Stay behind me ! Quick ! on the floor ! Remember ! Make sure the kid is safe ! Follow me ! Hurry up ! Stay down ! Run , this way ! Hide in here ! Hurry up ! Hurry up ! Hurry up ... Quick ! shoot the rocket ! Jump Jump ! Or , you can 't make it ! Jump ... Jump ! Jump ! Go and find K.W. , he is the future Dr. Masterson . What about you ? I don 't mind if i die , but Dr. Masterson must not die ! He is the future of mankind . Okay , I promise you . I 'll find Dr. Masterson But , you have to promise me too . you must not die I am Superman ! I won 't die . See You . dad ... Kiki Dad Kiki don 't move Dad ... Let her go ! I said , let her go ! Give me your enrgy stick then I 'll let her go . Let her go first Dad ... Dad .. Dad .. Dad .. Dad .. Dad Why ... am I a robot ? Kill him ! Dad ... Dad .. Witch ! Run ! Dad ... Sorry , I didn 't tell you that you 're a robot . Before your mom died , you were already very sick After you mom died , you passed away soon Really soon I am a robot ? When you return to the future just make a better me Isn 't that right ? No I don 't want it Cut the crap ! Listen to me Fiona Fiona , hang on ! It 's useless ! They have destroyed my heart No wonder we can 't kill him We can only kill him by destroying his heart Inform the master at once Master , you must destroy his heart in order to kill him Master , you won ! You 're great ! you won ! you won ! you won ! Yeah ! - Take care - Master Boss , the Universe Crevice will be open in five minutes , we have to go now Otherwise , we can 't go back Don 't come over Before I cry , you better go ! Hello , how are you ? Yes , Captain Kidd Zhao is here with us . He comes here almost every day after work Young man I recognize you . you came here yesterday you remember me ? do you want to hear my love story ? Yes , I do when I was young . I knew a man he told me that ... he came from the future he couldn 't fall in love with me I asked him " Why don 't we love each other for one month ? " Then we loved each other for one month . Are you listening ? Yes , I hear every word . I am thinking . If I stay alive ... until I get old When I reach his age can we meet again ? It is possible . ripped by : Beethoven
