 Meteor Apocalypse Subtitle by - Luiz XT - Brazil ( by software to help friends in world ) Scanning All the operational satellites Implemented interfaces A , two three prepared to go Awaiting implementation To verify controls Verifying controls All in their positions and ready to begin The whole operational crew ready for the shot Verifying analyzes would excel Analyze would excel complete I glide of paths this ... Being implemented We are ready to implement We are going We are the wait for command gentleman Is the president here , everything ready ? Yes gentleman Yes gentleman Mr. president , we spoke to president Lee Chang him this ready one as well as us Everything was ready and this to be initiate IAEA confirms the agreement Everything is that can do That is a high price to pay for the disarmament Is he / she sure that that will work ? We made calculations in simulations of here forward it is subject of probabilities Of course the ogivas are enough for that But the explosion will leave many fragments What does happen if it doesn 't work ? We should put the disaster teams in alert We are going ahead Beginning sequence of release of bombs Initiate release Sr President We have a problem Did we get right ? Yes Mister , but the explosion created many fragments We were certain gentleman And all of them go for us That was very good Thank you to put come To put favor informs us tomorrow I promise to inform to put e-mail I promise to you And remember to happen an e-mail I will inform to put e-mail Good night ladies I see you next week and don 't forget of what spoke Right Kate Mother I need help That is a very good model of the solar system , he / she made a great work That here should be ... Mercury ? We will call father will help now Let us go Father ? Yes ? I need help with my project of the solar system Now no dear David Kate I need to finish that before the water to fall Maybe I should make that You can have vertigos Very funny I understood , thank you David , we go there Ally , Wanted Alisson , Hear As soon as finishes here ... I will enter and I will work with you in project O.k. ? I promise There wanted ... Play here Father , I am 12 years old already Let us go Good Everything well ? It is better to do that the light of the day I will have a better chance of not hurting me Everything well Did that feel ? seemed an earthquake I saw a sparkle after a fire ball Kate , is better to return for the bed Can I enter in the Internet ? They are two of the morning Alisson , sleep again Everything very dear She should maintain the interest did she inherit that of you knew ? I hope not is probably my boss Apposed that is to talk about the tremor I haul . David , I need that comes here Mark ? Come Now Mark Mark. the one that wrong I need to go there Because he started to call all of the nights that week ? That is my work Kate What does want me to do ? We are going David there What do you want wanted ? I need to show a thing Alisson , go to bed Father Alisson Can we leave in the church tomorrow ? promised that we would go Sunday Wanted Good night Mark Mark where you ? Mark where you ? Do you want water ? Where did he / she find him / it ? Fallen here in the ground He will be well What did he take ? Water It is the water . David Kate I am trying to call for you You this well ? Yes Don 't drink water has something wrong with her What ? Yes Because David ? doesn 't matter what happens I will be home as soon as can Alisson , did You drink that ? Dear Alisson , you this well ? Does Kate Have some thing wandered with Alisson ? has something wrong with the water He wanted to show a thing that he / she had never seen before don 't know him / it because Testing the blood pressure 20 to put 12 Injecting 10 prodezan ml I don 't get contact we have to remove a sample Here use that stopped breathing Check the monitor It is that We ended This died Excuse Mark We go there I am going in my own car We are going Sam there Assist David Sam Sam you this well ? Were you also reached ? It is not just at Vegas I am making a report in the laboratory You this well ? Yes he / she hears ... I am well but I think something affected the water and it killed Mark Yes , it is not the first What is some idea of the one ? I think some radiation type The system has a report for me to verify Yes clear , and which does know the source ? Until that moment we know that the underground of Los Angeles was committed Hear , they count contaminadores , but I didn 't find the source would excel . That thing is mortal After 10 days after the ingestion 10 days ? The survivors leave of ... and any other bodies I will begin to work with priorities Depending on the all ingested I imagine that will have to do many tests Sam ? Can Sam hear myself ? This area this under quarantine to put the government 's order While we spoke should stay in the vehicles Be back gentleman I live here Hear , that is my house , my name it is David Martin and there it is my house Maintain the free passage Return gentleman There my wife is my daughter David Kate , Alisson Kate Wait , Alisson No ! Alisson , To put favor just ... Calm down gentleman " Kate " , " Alisson " In the moment I cannot assist To put favor leaves a message Ei Sam , is David again Hear I am on the way to Las Vegas now My family was taken for a quarantine area See if he / she gets to know something to I respect I think my daughter this sick one Call can as soon as My battery this ending Thank you Hello Big This everything well No , not Everything well You this well will be well Trust me Ei , will have to give you an injection or you had died Right ? Let us go Everything well , you this well David , is Sam I am calling for the it formulates In the 14th attempt Attention for that transmission The Department of National security this in emergency All to put the problems with the rain of meteors All should seek shelters ... The international community ... they are monitoring that finds strange event in Vegas That particle found in the water Trying to identify the stranger particle in the sources of underground water Ei everything well Stop , it Calms , stop Ei listens , I won 't hurt you This everything well Right ? I just caught Jeep , and we are going for Vegas , Right ? Right ? Lean What ? Lean now . . Everything well Eca , You this well ? This Certain , You this well Yes Everything well ? Yes Hi I am Len David Pleasure in you know him / it Do you have a brush ? What ? Or a shampoo ? No Everything well , we go there Is that for me ? Yes Thank you Mister , do You live in Las Vegas ? Yes Fantastic What did Uau , have in the injection ? Midazolen right You are not from Vegas I understood I have a former boyfriend recently ... Former Work Former apartment , former dog former sister I don 't have anything in the world and any perspective Then , where exactly in Vegas this going I will speak to a friend on the contamination of the water Maybe get some answers Contamination of the water ? Yes she leaves sick people I found you fall in the gas station I didn 't feel like this since I was the Russian mountain in Disneylandia But , of any way It was very good of part I to help That is the great history of my life when I think to I respect You really know people like this in the morning ? Oh yes I don 't believe End of the line We will leave run Let us go Let us go David In agreement Where did it get that water ? I don 't know Certain , this good one . CENTER OF CONTENTION OF DISEASES We are in contact with the director of the Center Together we are making the tests We already did several of them but we don 't know what this happening I am testing the stones with my team We lost the center of operations Do you call that of control ? We put ourselves nine thousand people in the quarantine And in the middle of that enormous catastrophe The control center didn 't get anything on that disease Both of us met the protocol The Pathogen found in the water ... it is a biological risk That politics of protocols they are not applied the science here The meteors fell and they left the sick people We cannot act for the book of rules Then we will do what goes need to save those people Those are the secretary 's of the direct orders department of contention of diseases Then he / she will have to remove me the force All pay attention to put favor . Listen All are confused then oh it is going some facts Several days ago We had several warnings of the path of a periodic comet That it was in collision course with the Earth And the defense of many countries it threw nuclear weapons against him But nevertheless it continued coming to us And the residual meteors collided with the Earth And he / she has more of them walk her Up to now , most reached Las Vegas destroying downtown and the airport Then we needed to act fast The building of CCD was not reached that this correct one ? Yes , the building this intact one But he / she doesn 't have energy , he / she doesn 't have water No there is as maintaining the quarantine Deaths ? Many , without necessary numbers And how much the fatality of the disease ? Mr. Felps Continue Candence After reviewing the data of the researchers ' team On them you analyze knew that the pathogens are fatal Depending on the ingested amount we have just some hours In little time all will be dead We needed to discover quickly the treatment for those diseases Vegas cannot make anything but we can We have to do that right Because many are depending on that and they count on us There are close facilities of Los Angeles then we will order those people for there Tony , get the transport for those people And necessary to do that fast The National security this ordering reinforcements But they still didn 't arrive Candence , you have everything of the laboratories . Cures , vaccines ... Everything orders for those people from Los Angeles and that you / they arrange a room to work in those facilities Harvey , continue receiving calls of CCD They are using all of the lines until the safe exchange lines I think it is urgent Don 't assist They are pressing you as well as to me We will remove those people from Vegas Before they impede us You this well ? thinking about the radiation We cannot be sure The body can create immunity to the plutonium It would be fascinating We will find my friend Sam Him this working in an antidote Here Take O.k. wait one second Let us go we have to continue Kate Alisson David What this doing ? Alisson What this seeking ? My wife and my daughter they were also taken I have to find my friend Seek To put favor What place is that ? It is the compound of CCD of Vegas I think CCD no this more working here Where CCD brought my family for the quarantine And if they are not here need find them That should be an informative one to the users Which the department ? Department of water Which would be the room We go find her Him this sick one , and you can cure then give for me Still no this ready one , I need that now Catch that Ei Don 't move Everything well , I can help I have the information that she needs She needs to do her formulates right ? Where does he / she work ? In that room Everything well Everything well is cold Be oh Yes , I am making arrangements Therefore I will be oh I need salinim In the shelf top part Fast Fast Right ? David There is more with him Therefore they will return Here 20 ml Is he / she sure that that will work ? Yes . Certain , it should neutralize the pollutants Do you have more of those ? Yes I could hide some samples Everything well Here this Where did they take the people in quarantine ? All were taken for the federal office in Los Angeles One more delay I won 't be here Wait It still was not tested If it is not right it can be dangerous I will lock To put here We can jump We have to jump I am not able to I cannot make that David , in the three . A , two ... No , I am not able to David No , I have problems with height Then we have to return To put here let us go Let us go David We go , we have to continue Everything well We needed some water You this well ? What this doing ? To see if it formulates her works No I can wait We go , you this sick one and he / she needs to take now We should not test to see if it works ? No Let us go David I am well Everything well Len , Keep her Everything well , In case it changes of idea I will seek some water and later to go for Los Angeles Did you hear that ? What ? Did you hear something ? Wait one second , What is that ? Her still this lives FBI Release the weapons Release the weapons now FBI , loosen the weapons Stop , be stopped Ei , am unarmed Ei , stop oh even Don 't shoot Stop oh Turn of backs and cross the fingers behind the head Of knees Now Lower Now Wait Stop oh even Stop oh same , for the ground . Then ? What is that ? We are trying to arrive to Los Angeles I try to put my family They were taken for the quarantine To put favor gentleman I think my daughter this sick one And I know where he / she has clean water Diffuse to 142 This holds When the rain of meteors fell The National security didn 't know what to do The people began to be sick Then what happened Some bureaucrat ordered all for the quarantine to clean the mess Because Los Angeles ? Well , after Vegas was destroyed they had to change for L.A. All of the people in quarantine they were moved for LA for service There is somebody of L.A. that can contact for the I radiate is sure that this well because No Does he / she know because you this oh behind ? On the strange deaths ? Certain , but it is that that I do Relax , take advantage putting of the sun Agent Nilson , you this in the line ? Yes we continued here 10-9 I repeat 10-9 We have possessions in the communications 10-9 I repeat have possessions of communications Restricted contacts to the command center Here he / she is the special agent Jake Nilson Could they say that devils this happening ? seems that somebody more this wanting water No , not . Don 't stop , don 't stop Count what knows on V.R. Let to do of here V.R. Speak , They are returning Tell me A comet will reach Los Angeles and three days My son this there Just let to stick to some water sneaks out They are lying for all today That is as a weapon CENTER OF CONTROL OF DISEASES Am I am being arrested ? I am entitled Damages were caused in several fields I am the new director of CCD You won 't communicate with anybody About the activities of CCD or of the one OF THE Was that clear ? I want them to cancel all of the activities initiate in you finish them twelve hours The Secretary of D.A.S told me and Nasa Confirmed A Comet will destroy the city of Los Angeles in 3 days We have to prepare the coordination of all the officials for the country The slowness of the satellite reduces the speed of the coordination of the answer teams David , we have to continue How much water does remain us ? Minus of half of the bottle Then drink No , you first . doesn 't take anything since yesterday in the morning My life derrepente lost the sense What does want to say ? I don 't know Think more to respect I think the highway is to put here We go , We have to go We cannot process a better scenery Improve process the fastest possible We cannot process thousands of people with a comet arriving I haul Candence am me Harvey Fets I am confined in California The one that wants say a death sentence Harvey , Peter this in the operational command Ordering in everything I have a plan to save those people I have all the equipment here but I need support logístico That is larger than Peter Everything well You ordered teams for the death I have jurisdiction on everything and I do what I want Where is the center of medical service ? This disabled I want to go there Will put there Which the sense of that ? nobody knows what this coming To put favor , THE control center is here Yes Is he / she sure that it is here ? It is here that is that it worries me Because it doesn 't leave ? Because it doesn 't leave and does it find a better place ? No Leave You are a selfish person Selfish ? I didn 't make anything haul of seeking mine to put days he / she marries and daughter and to take a risk my life to put them And I took a risk my life you to put Len Excuse Everything well ? What is doing Do they want to take a shot ? They are not knowing about the restrictions doesn 't matter No , Her this sick one Her this sick one We go , help me Take daughter It is better you to come with me We go , walking Just walk a little more Now , this is the best place in the area And I will be back in the morning I seek for my wife They said that it was taken for Nevada They are probably in the fields of refugees of the east of the city No , it was here that you / they brought them They will shoot in you if they find him / it in the city Nobody should leave to the touch to collect doesn 't import me won 't help family being died Be with us this night The evacuation will be made soon in the morning With thirst Yes , Thank you Doesn 't he / she get to sleep ? No Longings of the family ? Yes seems very natural for me They should be with me Yes ? Yes And you ? Where is family ? Should not they be with them ? I am That is my family says like this the proverb Don 't go brother 's house when a disaster reaches you The best neighbor sees from a distance knows ... when it was young Think No there is more important in the life That to take care of me same Did he / she know ? I only worried about me Yes Because nobody more he / she would make him / it Oh then , I found somebody David In agreement Fast , they don 't go wait them Excuse I discovered a thing É You seem well Yes ? Yes Give returned the fastest that I was able to You don 't have children David You have to go This hoping you to put Probably Somebody helps to put favor Somebody helps to put favor to put favor Somebody , her this sick one She seems to be having an attack Already that happened before I don 't know Maybe I will give a shot in her I will give a shot to stop the attack No this working I won 't give plus , it is better than reacts fast David A prayer shepherdess ? Always I have a cure here , but it was not tested. there is a great chance of .. Of you Kill her Which name ? Medeleine Medeleine ? Medeleine let us go Medeleine Hold that You need to drink that it can save life We go wanted Make force here Open the mouth , we Go Oh it goes Wanted , we go we made the best than we were able to Thank you Thank you Thank you very much Ei , is the responsible here Yes Embark all fast one Everything well Does he / she have children ? Yes , a twelve year-old daughter No this with her now Her this with my wife they were taken for the quarantine 3 days ago As well as us But he / she had people too much They could not maintain all all put in risk Does other quarantine area exist ? Nobody mentioned that before Where is that area To the north of Los Angeles Mrs. , we have to go It is far , but it is probable that you / they are well is in Ravena to 4 kilometers Thank you Thank you Fast , Fast Mother Only more two Mother Go with daughter One more Who is going he / she ? Let us go We will be You are going with them We have to go No , I have to help the ones that be We have that you take her David We go , continue We don 't have a long time I think we are close we have to continue Here That is it finish Drink completely Let us go We have to climb Let us go I am not able to Yes you can David , I am not able to Everything well Be here and I will find an easier road had luck No David Yes ? Because I met him in the gas station ? Because I am still here ? No ... I am not able to We will find another road Len Len We go , it cannot stop now No , dear You have to go for daughter No , we go there Len Len To put favor Yes , there is many sick in the groups Yes , actually most of them doesn 't have chances I have to turn off To leave of that moment , we won 't spend plus any resource with detainees in the quarantine We still have a group in Springs This saying that we go abandon them ? They worked in team as well as all And as for the support ? The Government they used They will die doesn 't matter what do All call the ones that can The city will be reached in some hours We don 't have time to save the people in L.A. We have to use our efforts where will make difference Look , you should return now and they be moderated to the command Everything well Thank you Harvey That is the final call Cross their fingers Candence , we have a helicopter but maybe it doesn 't help the shock very even Ei , Where is the detention Center ? He left Everything was destroyed and just some remained We waited for the evacuation but they didn 't come Does he / she need help ? No I try to put a woman and a girl Still some exist people behind To put here ? Yes . Thank you Kate David Kate I heard your voice Listen , me ... Alisson , this there Alisson I have something for you What do need drinks , right ? will make you to get better Alisson Tell me that wants that we do People are needing our help There is nothing that can do Yes there is something I found , I go catch them now Subtitle by LuizXT Translation by software , only to help friends in world Didn 't like the film ? I don 't have fault It didn 't like the translation and wants to retouch and to say that you were ? Go ahead , I don 't care O.k. ?
