 They got my daughter . She was here . But Jericho found her and took back to Afghanistan . You 're going to Afghanistan ? Sure am . It 's about the Raven River experiments . That 's what my friend wanted to talk to you about . He texted you . What do you know about the text ? The flash-forwards ... The blackout ... We can 't solve it without you . We engineered thousands of flash-forwards . We have to protect ourselves from the effects of another blackout . We have to anchor consciousness if another wave happens . You ' gonna be saved by the lady you see every day . I have to get pregnant now . I want that baby . I want this specific child . It was supposed to happen this weekend . If it 's baby-making you need , I will take one for the team . That night in Somalia- - oh , Demetri . I 'm pregnant . I reviewed your Uncle Teddy 's autopsy x-rays . You murdered him to send a message . Message received . I should have known--two moles , in case one is caught . And not one person in the office would suspect it 's you . The yellow brick road- - a 6-mile killer obstacle course . Every Quantico graduate dreads it , but we all do it . I never intended to be an FBI Agent . I was a lawyer and hated my life . Go , Janis ! Then I had this friend Go on ! who joined the bureau . Stop being such a girl ! Oh , stop being such a bitch ! I never thought of myself as particularly patriotic . But it sounded cool . All right ! Yeah ! I like the idea of being part of something , actually trying to make the world a safer place . Nice going . You 're not gonna tell everybody I almost didn 't make it , right ? No , I 'm just gonna show ' em this picture . Oh ! Hey ! Last one to the barbed wire is a wuss . That was a $ 5 camera ! I loved it . I loved every second of it . Quantico made me strong . It taught me what mattered , and it showed me I 'm capable of tackling problems i never thought possible . Of course , I 've never lived in Los Angeles , so we 'll see how I survive this . I 'm sure you 'll do just fine . Are you married ? Oh , no . I don 't really have time for a serious relationship . Good to know . I 'm sorry . I 've been going on and on . Um , what was your name again ? I 'm Lita . We 'll take two more . So what do you do ? I 'm a headhunter . I find talented people like yourself and ... offer them opportunities . Well , I just started at the bureau , and I 'm not really looking to quit . Who said anything about quitting ? I know all about your job . I 'm just talking about a little multitasking . ♪ Flash Forward 1x18 ♪ Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Original Air Date on April 29 , 2010 . These are the blueprints and photographs that Mark found on Frost . The originals are being analyzed by forensics right now . The only other thing of potential relevance is Frost 's final bon mot- - " in the end you 'll be saved by the lady you see every day . " I can 't speak on be half of everyone , but I 'm still contemplating the unbelievable fact that we had the possible mastermind of the global blackout in our hands , and just before he 's able to divulge any real information , he 's killed by a terrorist who , just mere hours before , was in our custody . Now how the hell does that happen ? I don 't know . What I do know is Demetri Noh is alive . Yeah , and Alda 's free again , which means Demetri was right all along- - that she 's been involved in this thing since the beginning , even before you guys started surveilling her . Believe me , I want her back just as much as you do . In the meantime , Frost did confirm that there will be another blackout . He was coming in from the cold , and these blueprints and photographs are what he was bringing with him . That alone makes them vital to our investigation . This man was insane . How do we know that anything he 's even giving us is credible ? Because crazy as he was , he was always true to his word . But if you want to kick over more anthills - Mark , this isn 't about what I- - can we please dial back the testosterone ? That 's enough . Thank you . Janis is running pointback on photos and blueprints , enough . High priority . Shel , Dem said Frost referenced something called Raven River as the place where the flash-forwards started happening . See what you can find out about it.WV This tracks something I was already running down . So keep running . When Demetri gets back , he can jump in with you . Look , we 're clearly on the right track . The bad guys were obviously desperate to keep us from getting to Frost . Let 's take that as a sign we 're getting warmer and push on . Okay , so run his labs . Start an I.V. I 'll be there in ten minutes . Yeah . Bye . It 's important , Olivia ! Aah ! How did you get in here ? I know you . My husband is FBI , okay ? So there 's an Agent right out front . I 'm gonna call him , and he 's gonna take you- - the pixies . The pixies . You were there You were there . You wore a purple beret . The drink spilled on the lady in front . She got mad . She got so mad . I was there , too , with my handler , Barry . Barry lost his job for taking me to a Pixies concert . They closed with " Wave of Mutilation . " The summer after med school ? I was at Scott 's wedding at the Vineyard . Remember Scott 's wedding at the Vineyard ? Your dress was turquoise . You cried . It was sad . It was so sad . They served many corndogs . I don 't know who you are . What do you want from me ? I 'm Gabriel McDowell . I told you that . I said--I definitely said that already . You have to remember things , Olivia . Like I said , my husband is FBI , so there 's an Agent out front . I 'm gonna call him , and he 's gonna take you away . He 's not your husband . Lloyd--you know Lloyd ? Lloyd is . What ? Yeah , you made a mistake . You should be with Lloyd . I tried to stop you , only you don 't know that , because I only tried to stop you . I have to tell you all about it . It was a Thursday . There 's so much I need to tell you . It 's all at Raven River . Get the hell out of my house ! No , don 't go ! Don 't go ! The proof of the pudding is in the eating ! Don 't buy coffee today from the man that looks like Mr. clean ! Don 't buy coffee today ! Dan , there 's a man in my house ! Dan ! Dan ! Janis , thank you for coming in on such short notice . I 'm worried about your baby . Why ? I thought you said everything looked good . You 're anemic , and you haven 't gained enough weight . I want you to see a perinatologist to get a high-resolution ultrasound . Now she 'll make sure that the placenta 's okay and the baby is growing . And what if it isn 't ? First things first . Get that ultrasound , and get it soon . You 've got to protect your baby . I can 't believe this is happening right now . Yeah , but , Mark , he was in our house . I mean , I could have been killed . Charlie must have been terrified . No , Charlie was already at school . Why would this man be stalking you ? I don 't know . All I know is that there 's something incredibly wrong with him . Okay , look , I 'm gonna have to call you back . Soon . Okay . Bye . Ralph , what happened ? Some teenager driving and texting jumped a curb and hit a couple people waiting for coffee out front . He was going , like , 80 . Doesn 't look good . Don 't buy coffee today from the man that looks like Mr. clean ! Oh , my God . Can I help you , hon ? Yeah . I 'm looking for some red flower dragon heads . You mean some red dragon flowerhorns ? Yeah . Do you have any here ? I might . Do you have a freshwater tank oraltwater ? I 'm sorry . I was supposed to ask for Carline . That 's me . Oh . Um ... I 'm Janis . Lita sent me to you . I know . So let 's get you set up with an aquarium , shall we ? Yeah , I don 't actual really need an aquarium . I think a 5-gallon tank ought to do the trick . We got your blue coral here , a power supply , air filter , water conditioner , a couple of plants and some incandescent bulbs . I 'm a little confused . Honey , if you 're going to be coming in here every couple of weeks to talk to me , then you need an excuse . Yeah , I don 't really like fish . You do now . So what do you think - neon tetras or zebra fish ? The ... tetras , I guess . I 'm sorry . What exactly is it that I 'm supposed to be doing ? Well , for now , your job . Be the best special Agent at the L. A. bureau that you can be . Watch , wait , win their trust . And while you 're at it , keep us apprised of what they 're up to . Now these swordtails can be very aggressive . Sometimes they eat each other . Hmm . Fish are like that . Here we go . The photos that we found on Frost are platinum prints , which dates the photos between 1890 to 1917 . But the guy from the Getty says that it 's likely the latter part of that time period . We were able to recover two sets of prints- - Frost 's , of course , and Alda Hertzog 's . Alda ? How would she have gotten her hands on these photos ? Maybe she was with him before he met with you ? No . She barely would have had time to make it to the desert before killing Frost . They must have crossed paths even earlier . Another weird thing- - forensics analyzed these photos and the blueprints for trace chemicals , and they found particulate matter specific to soil in the Kunar province of Afghanistan . Yep , U.S. department of agriculture keeps a soil database . What would Frost be doing in Afghanistan ? ♪ Don 't look so alarmed . You will only draw more attention . Who are you ? I 'm here at the request of our mutual friend Stanford wedeck . You 're Malik ? And you are looking for your daughter . But now is not the time to exchange biographies . We need to leave . You already said that . Those men over there- - one of them is making a phone call . The best outcome of that call is a man on his way here to kidnap you . The worst--that man with a bomb strapped to his chest . I believe that is what you call a lose / lose situation . You don 't blend as well as you think . Thank you , Professor Corey , for looking at these . If these blueprints can be authenticated , this would be an incredibly cool find . Kind of reminds me a lot of the antikythera mechanism . I 'm not familiar with that . It 's one of the great mysteries of modern science . It was a bronze artifact discovered in the Mediterranean in 1901 . Turned out to be this incredibly sophisticated sort of calculator from second century b.C. Greece . They 've got it on display at the national archeology museum in Athens . And you think this is something like that ? Mm-hmm . Yeah , looks like it . The antikythera calculated dates of solar eclipses , but I 'll be damned if I can figure out what this calculates . If you 'll let me keep these , I 'll scan them , do some 3-d imaging , translate the ancient Greek and , uh , see what I can come up with . Call me when you know something . Who has copies of these ? We 've got an antiquities Professor studying the originals right now , and benford 's got a copy on his board . Get them back . What do you mean ? I mean get me the original and destroy every copy that 's been made . What 's so important about this thing ? I don 't recall answering questions being part of our arrangement . The inrmation goes one way , period . Get me these blueprints . Sweetie , you want me to make you that frozen pizza ? No . I 'm all full on popcorn . Okay . Squirrlio . I 'll give you 20 bucks for it . What are you doing ? What are you doing , Janis ? I totally screwed up , Mark . That 's an understatement . You broke into my office , and you 're removing things from the mosaic board . I know . I 'm an idiot . Professor Corey called me . Professor Corey ? The antiquities Professor . He misplaced the blueprints that I gave him . So make him another copy . I gave him the originals . You have the only other copy . You didn 't check the originals into evidence no . I had a doctor 's appointment , so I just brought ' em with me . How 'd you get in ? You gave me your passcode . When ? That time ... you were in Washington with wedeck , and you needed me to get ... The Geyer file for you . Right . This is a rookie mistake , Janis . Hand back the blueprints . You can get your copies tomorrow . You should know better . I know . I 'm sorry . I 'm telling you , Shel , he seemed to know a lot about me . I mean , look , there he is again . And you 're sure you don 't know this guy ? No , believe me . I would have remembered him . That 's weird . And he brought up Raven River again , like he did the other day . Do you have any idea what that is ? Yeah . That 's an interesting thing . There 's a suspect we were tracking with the mosaic investigation . Well , he had mentioned something about Raven River to Demetri , so I did some research . Well , that 's crazy . Does Mark know about this ? I 'm putting the report together for him now . There 's a few Raven Rivers . There 's one in Wisconsin , one in Illinois . There 's a tennis club in Ohio and a Raven River hospital in Arizona . Well , what kind of hospital ? Psych hospital . It 's been shut down for about 20 years now , and there was some controversy in the late ' 80s--abuses . What kind of patients ? Schizophrenics , and they were the first hospital in the country to deal with autism . Autism ? W-what about savants ? She was trying to get away from them . That 's why she came home . But Jericho- - they got eyes everywhere . Now they brought her back here . How do you know they have not killed her ? I know . You have proof ? She 's alive . I 've seen it . You seem confident in your beliefs . I envy you . You must know that what you 're asking is no small undertaking . Kandahar is not Baghdad , Mr. stark . It 's not even Kabul . Finding a single person anywhere in this country is next to impossible . There was someone else there , someone think can lead us to her . Who ? His name 's khamir dejan . He 's a doctor- - friend of Tracy 's . He knows the location where I found her . We find him , he can lead us there . It 's not that simple . Even if he is in this region , it will take time . Where she was , there was writings on the wall . Does that mean anything to you ? Eyes on the mountain . It 's a medical relief organization , nongovernmental . You said that Khamir was a doctor . Yeah . This group--they have bases all over the country . If he is working for them , we can find him . And the roadblocks ? I know all of them . I know how to get around them . Where do we start ? We head South towards the mountains . I 've seen the test results from Dr. Weaver . Let 's have a look , shall we ? There 's your baby , and there 's the heartbeat . Is she okay ? Is she too small ? No , the head size is normal . Placental blood flow , it 's--it 's okay . But the abdominal girth isn 't what I 'd want to see . I know your work is very demanding , Janis , but you 're going to need to take better care of yourself . Get eight to Ne hours of sleep a night , eat a high-protein diet and ... Reduce your stress . You know those are not supposed to be on in here . Look , I know life is complicated . Everyone 's is . But the health of your baby depends on your ability to--to stay off your feet and lower your stress . I 'm serious . Otherwise , you could lose this baby . I 'm sorry . I have to take it . It 's my boss . Hey , Mark . Professor Corey 's sitting in my office , and he 's just given me some very interesting information . I think you better get back here . Professor Corey . Ms. Hawk . Weirdest thing happened yesterday . There was a power failure in the entire building , erased every hard drive in the joint . Really ? Yeah . And I can 't seem to find those blueprints you gave me ... Which is why it 's a damn good thing I took pictures on my phone and printed ' em out . I wanted to get a head start . Great . I , uh , did some quick and dirty 3-d imaging of the device . Seems to be some kind of mechanical , astronomical clock ... With gears and levers designed to calculate a certain date , or rather , a series of dates . What dates ? When I do the math , the first date I keep coming up with is October 6 , 2009 ... The date of the blackout . Janis Hawk . It 's benford . Get wedeck . Suspects are on the move . Mark , I 'm putting you on speaker . What do you got ? Khalid , Omar and an unidentified Caucasian woman . We 're e-mailing you pictures right now . Who is she ? Uh , that 's the " unidentified " part , sweetheart . Get these to digital forensicsu and run ' em by I.S.O.T now . Okay . Is she ? Thanks . You 've had a partial abruption , Ms. Hawk . The good news is you 've stopped bleeding . You 're gonna have to really watch your physical activity from here on out . Do you want to know the sex of your baby ? Well , considering the circumstances ... Get up . You guys okay ? Yeah . I want out . It 's normal to be upset . Millions of people died yesterday , Carline . I lost friends , people I know and work with . Nobody told me this was the plan when I was recruited . You said there was gonna be an event , but you never said it would be like this . Did you know this was gonna happen ? I don 't answer questions , Janis . We 've already been over this . I don 't want to do this anymore . I want out now . I 'm really sorry you feel that way , Janis , but you can 't get out . You 're in way too deep . Surely you 're bright enough to realize that . You know , it 's funny . I never heard you complaining when you were pocketing all that money . You didn 't think there was a price ? You 're a despicable person . Man up , sweetheart . This is what we do , and even if I wanted to cut you loose , that 's not my call to make . Okay , then I want to talk to the person whose call it is . That 's not gonna happen ... Ever . If I were you , I 'd go on home , pour yourself a couple of stiff ones , lick your wounds , because tomorrow I expect you back in here spilling your guts . It 's like the setting in one of those slasher movies . I 'm more of a Clint Eastwood type guy , myself . I hope you told someone where we were going . Ah , so they 'll know where to find our bodies ? Mm-hmm . Ooh . Here you go . Oh , thank you . Mm . Mildew . I 'm gonna look around down here . Okay . You call me if you get lost . You 're not gonna find ... What you 're looking for there , Olivia . I knew you 'd be here . You 're always here . I 'm heading out . What 's up with you ? Hmm ? You 've been distracted . You haven 't been yourself . You 've been coming in late , disappearing for lengths of time . What is it ? I 'm pregnant . Wow . That 's ... Congratulations . Your flash-forward really is coming true . And there was a question of the health of the baby . So I just ... I don 't know . I guess I just lost it . I lost my edge . But I 'm okay . Everything 's good . Great . Mark , I just hope that you know you can still count on me . Janis ... I never doubted that . Thanks . You know , I can 't stop thinking about Frost 's last words- - " in the end , you 'll be saved by the lady you see every day . " What the hell does that mean , Hmm ? Well , clearly , that means I 'm gonna save your ass , Mark . No . I don 't know . Maybe it means Olivia 's gonna save my ass . Let 's go over this again . What do we know about Dyson Frost ? We know he went under the alias " D. Gibbons . " And he played chess brilliantly . And faked his own death once upon a time . D. Gibbons escaped . We got a white queen . Chess ... The lady you see every day . In chess , the queen 's known as the lady , right ? No . Crazy son of a bitch was right . Your family ? I 'm taking you where you want to go . What else do you need to know ? How about what you saw ? That 's a start . My wife and daughter - we 're in a car together . We black out . The car goes over the embankment . I survive . It doesn 't matter what I saw . A future without them is no future at all . I 'm sorry . You know , I envy that you believe in the possibility of good . Taliban ? I don 't know . I thought you said you knew all the factions . Isn 'at why wedeck sent you to me ? I don 't know this one . I 'll take care of it . Khamir ? How 'd you find me ? Well , you ... Don 't blend in as well as you think . My--my friend - the one who texted you- - he--he was here . We--we were here . Olivia ! We were here . He was here . We--we were here together . You okay ? Yeah . Do you understand now ? Tell--you understand now ? No , Gabriel , I don 't understand anything . How--how did you know about the car accident at the hospital ? I saw it . Well , what did you mean when you said that I made a mistake about Lloyd ? Uh , it 's what I saw . Lloyd and Olivia sitting in a tree , k-I-s-s- - okay , stop . Stop . It 's what I saw . You saw it ? This is where they did it . Gabriel , where are you going ? This is where they did it . This is where they did it . Where they did what ? This is where they did it ... The experiments . What experiments ? Every other day for two years ... We came here . They put us to sleep . They put us to sleep . I never knew where I 'd end up . Sometimes it was a short trip . I was eating a tuna sandwich . Cat jumped on the table . Kitty likes tuna . Sometimes it was a long trip . He watches from there . Who ? The doctor ... Frost . Dyson Frost ? He told us we were special 'cause we could remember things ... Everything . And then when we came back , we had to write it all down , every--every little detail . That 's the way the cookie crumbles . The ... Flash-forwards ? You 're talking about flash-forwards . He--he said we were special because we could remember the future . I said that already . Did I say that already ? I 'm sorry I said that already . I said that already . It 's okay . It 's okay , Gabriel . It 's okay . You are special . You 're- - you 're a savant . You all were . He used you for your eidetic memories like human recorders . When they finished with us ... When they used us all up ... He told them to kill us so we wouldn 't tell . He 's dead now . You don 't have to be afraid of him anymore . Huh . The early worm catches the bird . I 've been waiting . I 've been waiting . Gabriel , why have you been following me ? It 's an emergency . You 're- - you 're going the wrong way . So I-I have to turn you around , Olivia , 'cause you 're going the wrong way . What wrong way ? In the futures I saw , I always saw you , Olivia . Me ? Yeah , and you 're always with Lloyd . At Harvard , by the pipe shop , I-I tried to smoke that day , but I threw up . And--and we were friends . We were friends because I was the janitor in the- - no , Gabriel . I didn 't go to Harvard . I came to California . I went to U. C.L.A. I married Mark . In the futures I saw , you 're supposed to be with Lloyd . You 're always with Lloyd - not that other one . Lloyd . Harvard was a fork in the road . You have to listen to me , Olivia . You have to--have to remember these things , because they 're important . You have to be here for things to come . You 're a piece of the puzzle . They--they can 't solve it without you ! Gentlemen , it 's been p . E.T. Scanned , C.T. scanned and subjected to neutron emissions analysis . What the hell is it- - some kind of little electronic Kryptonite ? No , no , no . This is more complicated . Our analyst is saying it makes our current tech look kind of primitive . They have no idea what it is . That 's why I 've invited Simon and Lloyd to join us . Suspect zero has one , too . You think he and Dyson Frost were working together , huh ? Possibly . We know that d . Gibbons--Frost- - made numerous calls during the blackout . As far as we know , they were the only two people in the world awake during the blackout . Suspect zero was wearing a ring , and Frost had this one in his possession . It 's a Q.E.D. What ? A quantum entanglement device . My God . It exists . This is what we were discussing in our flash-forwards . English , gentlemen . English , please . Okay . Let 's start with the basics , all right ? Theoretically , Frost and his pals ramped up our linear accelerator to such extreme energies that it sent shock waves through the consciousness field and jolted all of humanity 's awareness to a different place in space-time - - the flash-forward . Now suspect zero and Frost were awake during the time of the blackout , correct ? They were in some way protected . Clearly . So you think this ring- - is a device which anchored their minds to their current location in space-time . In other words , it helped them stay conscious . You 're saying this little thing kept those guys from blacking out ? Maybe this is why they were so anxious to attack our offices on April 29th . Maybe they weren 't coming for me . They were coming for this . And now that we know that , we can figure out a way to stop them . Mr. Vogel ? Janis Hawk . I was told to meet you by assistant director bramwell . Yes , Ms. Hawk . Please sit . Congratulations on graduating today . Surviving Quantico is no small accomplishment . Thank you . I was told this is about a special assignment , but I 'm actually starting in the L. A. office next month . Ms. Hawk , I 'll get right to the point . I 'm not with the bureau . As I 'm sure you 're aware , historically , the bureau and the agency haven 't always cooperated as closely as they might have . We 're trying to change that . You 're CIA . Hmm . As a part of a still-classified operation , we 've assessed your graduating class and found half a dozen candidates potentially vulnerable to hostile recruitment . And I 'm one of them ? Yes . Your financial situation , your sexual orientation , your unconventional upbringing- - they all make you a potential target . Well , that 's ridiculous . You 're wrong . I would never betray my country . I would never betray a fellow Agent . You have the wrong person , Agent . We know . We know . We 've done our homework . Your reputation amongst your classmates and your instructors is impeccable , and bramwell says you 're one of the finest students he 's seen in years . Oh . I don 't understand . We need a dangle . We know something big is going down- - something that will make 9 / 11 look like a Fender bender . We need someone on the inside . Now we have reason to believe that an organization may approach you soon and ask you to be a mole in the L.A. office . We ... want you to say yes . You want me to be a double Agent ? Yes . Wow . I 'm not gonna kid you , Janis . It won 't be easy . They 'll manipulate you . They 'll use you in ways you can 't imagine . You 'll know things , but you won 't be able to tell anyone . You 'll be in constant danger . You 'll betray your friends , and there may come a time when they ask you to do something which goes against everything you believe in and care about . And you 're gonna have to do it to win their trust and stay on the inside . Do you think you 're capable of doing what you have to do ? So they have the ring . It 's been on Mark 's board since Utah . Well , you 're gonna have to get it back . How am I supposed to do that ? It 's in a well-fortified vault in the basement of the FBI , for God sakes . You keep asking me to do this impossible stuff , I 'm gonna blow my cover . I know you 've grown to like these people . They 're like family to you , and this understandably is hard for you . But you failed to follow benford to Frost , and you failed in destroying the blueprints , which was most unfortunate . I would not make a third mistake , Janis . This is where you get to prove your dedication to the cause , darlin ' . I 'll get the ring . Oh , and , Janis , one more thing . We need you to kill Benford .
