 Previously on v ... The visitors framed you . Your prints- - on the bomb that torched the lyndhurst warehouse . Aren 't you the least bit curious why ? ( Anna ) It 's critical that we advance our plans for you and Tyler . Lisa 's changing . If her feelings and for Tyler are real , He 'll remain on the ship until he 's no longer needed . And then what ? Lisa 's changing . If her feelings and for Tyler are real , she could be a great asset for us against Anna . I don 't want you to move onto the ship with me . You can go . ( Lisa ) He doesn 't want to see me anymore . We 'll have to find a greater incentive for him . Break her legs . Help ! I need some help over here ! We 've got an assault on a female visitor . She was leaving the peace ambassador center when two men jumped her , told her , " fifth column doesn 't want you here anymore . Leave or we 'll kill all of you . " Subtle . Suspects ? Not yet . But lucky for us , she got a good look at her attackers . A sketch artist is on his way down right now . ( Camera shutter clicks ) Oh , my God . I know her . It 's my son 's girlfriend . Did you know she 's a v ? No . Does he ? I don 't know . Lisa ? Mrs. Evans . ( Camera shutter clicks ) Oh , God . Oh , sweetheart . Lisa , I 'm so sorry . I don 't understand . Why would someone do this to me ? I don 't know . I 'm gonna find out . ( Sniffles ) The men who hurt you ... Did you recognize them from anywhere ? Break her legs . No . Okay . Hey , it 's gonna be okay . ( Whispers ) Hey . I 'm so sorry , sweetheart . It 's okay . It 's time to go down to the healing center , Joshua . My daughter needs her mother 's comfort . And they still haven 't healed Lisa 's injuries . I 'll do so when I arrive . No . Heal her legs so she can walk , but keep the gash and the bruises on her face until she returns to the ship . I want the whole world to see what the Fifth Column has done to my daughter . A picture 's worth a thousand words . In breaking ws on the story we 've been following all morning , the FBI has released sketches of two men suspected in the assault on the visitor last night . Authorities are asking for the public 's help in identifying the two men who left her for dead . ( Increases volume ) Hey , Decker . You see this ? At this time , the visitors have released no information on the victim or her condition . All we 've been told is that visitor high commander Anna is going to come out and address the American people following the alleged assault against one of her kind this morning . This the first you 're hearing of this ? Yeah . I thought you were the voice of the v 's . What happened ? Anna fire you ? ( Chuckles ) ( Bell tolling ) Looks like we 're gonna have a full house this morning . Morning mass doesn 't start for another hour . There was an attack on one of the visitors last night . They 're praying for the v 's soul . Our parishioners spend more time praying for the visitors ' souls than they do their own . Well , if that 's troubling to you , Jack , speak to them . They 're looking to connect to you . Will they listen , father Travis ? They 've become so dependent on the visitors . ( Sighs ) Jack , don 't let your own concerns blind you to the needs of your parishioners . They found room inheir hearts for the visitors . You try to find room in your heart as well . Evans . We pulled some mug shots based on the description Lisa gave our sketch artist . One of them 's our old friend Hobbes . Lisa ? Hey . I have some mug shots to show you . Yeah ? Are these the men who attacked you ? It 's okay . Take your time . Look carefully . Yes . Lisa , are you sure ? ( Footsteps approach ) Evans . Mother . Lisa . What have they done to my daughter ? Sweetheart . You 're gonna be okay . You 're safe now . ♪ ♪ v 1x11 ♪ fruition original air date on may 11 , 2010 Most people have embraced us , welcomed us . It 's astonishing to me the Fifth Column could cause so much pain ... ( Sighs ) Terrorize so many people . There are some twisted people in our world . Fortunately , the majority of humans are kind , good-hearted . This is why I never wanted to make Lisa 's identity public . I was worried she would become a target . This is exactly what I was afraid of . Lisa identified two men . Have you ever seen either of these men before ? No . ( Sighs ) Lisa was on her way to see your son when this happened . Does Tyler know ? Yes . I called to tell him . He 's very upset . Lisa 's grown very fond of him . He 's lucky he wasn 't with her when this happened . Yes , he is . He 's very lucky . As a mother , I 'm sure you can imagine how I feel right now . As a mother , I know ... That if someone tried to hurt my son , there 's nothing I wouldn 't do to stop them . Then I 'm sure you 'll do whatever you can to find who did this before they hurt someone else 's child . I will . You can count on it . Erica says Lisa identified you as one of her attackers . Your face is all over the news , which is the last thing we need right now . It 's no picnic for me either , mate . Well , this is the second time the visitors framed you for something you didn 't do . Anything you wanna tell us ? I 've got no idea what the visitors want from me , okay ? I was starting to think it might have something to do with this other guy , his names Parker . Why him ? Four weeks ago , before the visitors framed me for the first time , someone hired me to kill him . Our suspects in this morning 's attack are Lawrence Parker and Kyle Hobbes . Lawrence Parker is a weapons engineer , did time as a CIA analyst in beijing . He works for dorset system labs . Parker went missing four weeks ago . He has access to top secret intelligence . You talk to dorset . Did he take any of his weapons research with him ? Dorset lab says no . Well , Hobbes is the key . He wouldn 't be involved in a simple assault . That doesn 't match his m.O. I suggest it 's all part of a larger plan that he has , and I suggest we find Kyle Hobbes . Hold on . We 've been looking for Hobbes for weeks . No luck . Lawrence Parker is a civilian . He 's a weak link . We go for Parker , we find him , we get a shot at Hobbes . Evans ... You better be right . We focus on Parker . And move it . Ty ? Mom , do you know any more about , uh , Lisa ? I mean , they wouldn 't let me into the healing center . Yeah , I do . She 's gonna be okay . I-I-I should have told you that she was a visitor . I ... Yeah , you kinda skipped that part . You 're gonna find the people that did this , right ? I will do everything that I can . Hey . You wanna see her ? ( Electronic whirring ) ( Lisa sighs ) Tyler , I didn 't want you to see me like this . I needed to see you . I needed to know that you were okay . Agent Evans . ( Lowered voice ) I believe we have some friends in common- - Fifth Column . We 've spoken on the comms device . ( Lowered voice ) Joshua . It 's nice to see your face . Is it safe to talk ? For a moment . Listen to me carefully . The two men Lisa identified as her assailants are innocent . Anna did this to her . Anna did this to her own daughter ? Why ? I don 't know . But the two men she identified have answers . You need to find them before Anna does . I didn 't mean the things that I said to you yesterday , about not wanting see you . I do . Then why did you say them ? I was confused and scared . I 've never had feelings like this for someone before . Neither have I. My son is in love with her daughter . Is he in danger ? At first , Tyler was just an assignment . But now I believe that her feelings for him are real . I don 't think that she 'd hurt him . ( Footsteps approach ) Lisa , it 's time . ( Helicopter blades whirring , police radio chatter ) ( Sirens wailing ) Marcus . Hey , Marcus . What 's going on ? Why can 't I reach Anna ? I 'm sorry , Mr. Decker . She 's been indisposed . Indisposed ? A visitor being attacked is a delicate story . You 're going to need my help to control it . Thank you , Mr. Decker , but we already have it under control . Don 't look at the cameras . Don 't make eye contact with anyone . Why not ? The less you give them , the more they want . Anna . Why are we cutting Mr. Decker off from us ? We 'll bring him back when the timing is right . Hey . Anna . Anna . ( Cheering ) ( Man ) Yay ! Anna ! Anna ! I come to you today with a heavy heart . A terrible hate crime has been committed against one of my people . Members of a terrorist group , the Fifth Column , have brutally assaulted a member of my family- - my own daughter Lisa . ( Camera shutters clicking ) ( Crowd murmuring ) Despite our best efforts to demonstrate our care and concern for the human race , to improve life on your planet , to share our resources and technology , asking for nothing in return , there are those among you who wish to harm us . In the wake of yesterday 's shuttle disaster and this brutal assault on my daughter , my people no longer feel safe here . So I have come to a decision . We are leaving . ( Crowd shouting indistinctly ) ( Crowd chants ) Anna ! Anna ! Anna ! Anna ! Anna ! ( Crowd ) Anna ! Anna ! Anna ! Anna ! Anna 's lying . They 're never leaving . Then why make the announcement ? No , it 's theater . You know , the boo-ho the attack on the princess ? She 's putting on a show . Hobbes is right . Anna could have healed Lisa 's wounds , but instead , she left them for the world to see . The question is why ? What is her interest in you and Parker ? I don 't know . Well , we need to find out . Joshua said that Anna is the one who beat Lisa , slashed her face . She broke her legs . Wait . Anna did that ? Yes . How could she do that to her own daughter ? Because she 's not a human . She 's a visitor . There 's nothing that she won 't do to get what she wants . Whatever Parker knows is important enough to Anna that she would hurt her own child to engage our sympathies . And also get the FBI to help find them . Yeah . We want answers , we find Parker . Or we could ask your son . I mean , you said they have a thing going . Maybe the lizard princess told him something that could help us . No . I will not bring Tyler into this . I will not use him . ( Ryan ) Reconsider this , Erica . I kept the truth from val , and look where it 's got me . Anna 's already using Tyler in this war . Bringing him in may be the best way to protect him . You saw what she did to her kid . Now if she 's capable of that , imagine what she could do to your son . Use your contacts to find Parker . Ryan and jack will follow up on your leads . You 're public enemy number one , Hobbes . You got cojones showing your face around here . Frame me once , shame on you . Frame me twice , shame on me . Four weeks ago , someone hired me to kill Parker . My employer didn 't check out . Fake name , fake social , didn 't pass the smell test . I figured something wasn 't kosher . Yeah , you were right . I tried to track down the guy who hired you , but I couldn 't . I was luckier with Parker . He 's been holed up in a Chinatown walk-up since he went missing . You were able to find out what he was working on at dorset systems ? No . No luck . Well , whatever it is , the visitors , the fbi- - they want it bad , and now they 're framing us for the assault on Anna 's kid . What are you gonna do ? Get my hands on it before they do . ( Cell phone rings ) Hey . It took my contacts longer than I thought , but finally , they got the 4-1-1 on Parker . Where ? Chinatown , apartment across the street from the jade kitchen on pell . Apartment 3 . Good work . Ah , my pleasure . ( Snaps cell phone shut ) Mr. Decker . I need to see Anna right now . Why isn 't she returning my calls ? I 'm sorry , Chad , but dealing with the attack of her daughter and coordinating our withdrawal from your planet has left her little time for anything else . You 're not really leaving . I don 't believe that . Unfortunately , we have no choice . The Fifth Column is too much of a threat . Well , maybe I can help . I wish you could , but you 're just a journalist . You 're underestimating my influence , Marcus . My audience listens to me . I could reach out to them . I could have them put pressure on our government to go after the Fifth Column and help keep you here . Your job is to report the news , Mr. Decker , not to editorialize . Speaking out on the air could cost you that job . Are you really willing to take that risk ? As you predicted , Mr. Decker is concerned about our leaving . Good . I need him to be desperate , to be convincing . He 's always done as you asked . Why does he need convincing ? It 's not Chad who needs convincing . It 's his audience , and only he can speak to them . His fear of losing us will fuel his passion . That passion will generate a public outcry , and we 'll get what we want . Tell the Captain of the Shanghai ship to leave immediately . ( Loud rumbling ) ( Chopsticks clatter ) ( Wind whistling ) Just minutes ago , the first ship left Shanghai , china- - the first in Anna 's planned weeklong withdrawal and shutdown of all v services , sending waves of protest and outcry across the world . London , moscow , rio- - people everywhere reacting to the fact that when they leave , the visitors will take with them their many gifts to humanity . It is my job to report the news objectively . However , today , I can 't sit back and pretend I don 't have an opinion , because I do . The v 's saved my life . We , the people , must fix this . If you care about your future , the health of your children , a world made safe and peaceful by technology , now is the time . Let your voice be heard . Show the world how much Anna means to you . Show our elected officials that you want anna and the visitors to stay . Hobbes says Parker is bunking in that walk-up . Keep your eyes out for him . Ryan , you 've been ... Different since val left . I remember John may saying that human emotion was a good thing , it was worth fighting for . But I don 't think he was right anymore . Val has changed me . She allowed me to see the beauty in humanity . It was her love that enabled me to fight off Anna 's bliss . But without her , I just don 't think I can do it anymore . None of us knows if we can . But with faith we can , and with faith , we do . That 's all you can do , Ryan . That 's all any of us can do . Hey . Hey . Everything okay ? Yeah . That 's Parker . ( Cocks gun ) Okay . I 'm gonna go check it out . Cover front and back , in case he bolts . Okay . Be careful , okay ? Dr. Parker ? FBI . Look , I know you 're scared . I want to help you . ( Door creaks ) Hey . I 'm Erica . Whatever the visitors are saying I did , I didn 't . I 'm innocent . I believe you . But if you 're innocent , why are you running ? Because whoever is after me found me . Someone broke into my hard drive and stole all my research . I need to find a better place to hide . You disappeared four weeks ago . Why ? Because someone came after me . I thought it was related to the work I was doing . You think it could have been the v 's ? They must have had some reason to have framed you . Why would they be interested in me ? What were you doing for dorset ? Myself and a few of my colleagues- - we run an informal online think tank . And ? We 've been working on an organic compound toeduce carbon emissions , slow down global warming , but I-it didn 't work . We had some problematic side effects . What were the side effects ? Algae . It infected marine life , caused a-a virus on the skin of fish , turtles , other amphibians . That 's why we abandoned the project . What about reptiles , lizards ? Possibly . Was the virus deadly ? Well , potentially , yes . That 's why we stopped . Okay . Dr. Parker , this is really important . How much of this compound still exists ? Do you have the formula for it ? Well , y-yes , but I only worked on one component of the project . We all worked separately , in case our work was compromised . That way it 'd be useless without us . My research is gone . Whoever took the hard drive has it . ( Brakes squeal ) ( Cell phone rings ) Yeah . Get out of there , Erica . The FBI 's here . Okay , you and Ryan leave now . Go . I 'll figure it out . ( Snaps cell phone shut ) All right , Larry . I need to know the names of the people you were working with in the think tank . All right . Here . Thank you , Larry . I am going to do everything in my power to help you . And I 'm sorry . This is gonna hurt a little bit . ( Grunts ) ( Grunts ) ( Grunts ) ( Erica ) Hey . Evans . I was just about to call for backup . What are you doing here ? We got a tip from the restaurant owner across the street . Said Parker 's been in and out of this place for weeks . What are you doing here ? I got the same tip . Nice work , Evans . Thanks . ( Panting ) Lawrence Parker , you 're under arrest for the attempted murder of the visitor known as Lisa . ( Rumbling and whooshing ) I just got off the phone with Washington . The visitors aren 't going anywhere . Now the government offered them our help in stopping Fifth Column . They will share their technology with us , and in return , we will share our intel on terrorists with them . I don 't think that 's a good idea , Paul . Do you ? It doesn 't really matter what I think , Erica . This goes all the way up to the president . I have been instructed to form a joint task force , and we will work together with the visitors to eradicate Fifth Column . Also , effective immediately , any suspects with chargeable cases will be remanded to the v 's for questioning before trial , starting with our friend Mr. Parker there . I just ran a search on all the scientists in Parker 's think tank . All of them were reported missing . Anna 's got to them . Parker 's the only missing piece of the puzzle , and she 's about to get to him , too . She can 't . We lose Parker , we lose our only chance to recover his research . And whatever the visitors are so afraid of . We still have a shot . Lisa is on her way down to identify Parker . Maybe I can get through to her . Erica , are you sure about this ? Manipulating Lisa , using her ? It might put you on Anna 's radar . It could put Tyler at risk . If she 's going to use my son , then I 'm sure as hell gonna use her daughter . They 're here . Anna . Marcus . May I speak with Lisa for a moment ? Confronting one 's attacker can be very . Unsettling . I would like to prep her first . Of course . Thank you . This way . I want you to have this . What 's this for ? I want you to take it into the lineup with you . Why ? Holding on to something that makes you feel safe gives you strength . Trust me . Lisa ... Listen to me very carefully . This man 's fate and a whole lot more relies on you 're telling the truth about who hurt you . You cannot condem an innocent man . You need to be 100 % sure . Mrs. Evans ... What I said about those two men ... It 's time , my daughter . Okay . Lisa , remember , you can see them . They can 't see you . Okay ? Take your time and remember what we talked about . I 'm here . There 's nothing to fear anymore . ( Sighs ) It 's him . Lisa . Are you sure ? Positive . Thank you , Agent Evans . You have no idea how much this means to me . Of course . What will you do with him ? Question him about his collaborators . Hopefully , he 'll lead us to his accomplice , Kyle Hobbes , and other Fifth Column . I want you to know that I 'm going to make stopping the Fifth Column my top priority . Then I 'm sure we 'll cross paths again soon . I 'm not going anywhere , Anna . As of this evening , neither am I. ( Cell phone rings ) It 's Kyle Hobbes . Apparently , you 've been looking for me . But surprise , surprise . Looks like I found what you 're really looking for . I 've got Parker 's research . The question is ... How much is it worth to you ? Protests turning to celebration tonight as New York City residents rejoice in Anna 's decision to stay . Many citing that heartfelt public appeal by reporter , Chad Decker , as being a key element in driving public sentiments . ( Electronic whoosh ) Anna . I 've been trying to reach you all day . I 'm sorry , Chad . I 've had other things on my mind today besides Chad Decker . Your report created quite an uproar . Thanks to you , we 're staying . You shut me out purposefully today to get me to make a plea , to push public opinion , to rally for you to stay , didn 't you ? My only interest is the protection of my people . Thankfully , your government agreed to help ensure their safety . I was hoping ... Maybe you could help me , too . How ? I need to stop the Fifth Column . You can start by giving me the name of your source , the one that tipped you off about the shuttle crash . That would be a breach of my ethics as a journalist . You 've crossed that line once today . Crossing it a second time shouldn 't be that difficult . I 'm only looking out for what 's best for both of us . Something 's off with you . And that worries me . Yeah ? Since when do you worry about anyone else but yourself ? Well , my only worry is that you stay focused on your game . Anything less could get us killed . I 'm on my game . You stay on yours . Ryan . When special ops soldiers go to war , they don 't carry any family mementos , no photos , nothing . You know why ? 'Cause they can be taken from you and used against you . Now the v 's hit you where it hurt . You fell in love , and now she 's gone . And that pain you 're feeling , the human emotions- - they will use them against you . In war , emotions can get you killed . Bury them . Leave your feelings foher behind . Burn any trace of them out of your heart . The eggs are about to hatch . My army will be born soon . You did an excellent job today with the FBI and with Tyler . As head of the Fifth Column task force , Tyler 's mother is our most important asset against the Fifth Column . I will keep her close , make her believe , like Tyler , that my feelings for her are real . Good . If my mother 's eggs are allowed to hatch , those soldiers will destroy the Fifth Column , won 't they ? Yes , they will . Federal authorities announced the arrestonight of a suspect in the assault on high commander Anna 's daughter . The suspect , lawree Parker , was taken into custody in Chinatown by the Fifth Column task force led by Agent Erica evans of the FBI . Parker , a weapons designer for dorset systems labs in Westchester , disappeared weeks ago and emerged just this morning as one of two suspects in the attack . You 're a hero . So I 've heard . I meant to me . That guy Parker- - you caught him and--and you put him away , and that means a lot . Thanks , mom . ( Kisses ) And ... I just want to make sure that ... You ' okay with me dating a v. It 's a little weird . Not gonna lie . I 'll deal . Thanks . Hmm . Ty , wait . I was wrong about the visitors . You were right . I 'd like to get to know Lisa better and Anna , too ... If that 's okay with you . Yeah , it 's okay . I 'd like that . The fleet you sent from our home planet will enter the solar system soon . It won 't be long until they 'll be within human radar range . We 'll piggyback our software into their law enforcement and military computers , disable their radar so they can 't detect our ships . They 'll see what we want them to see , nothing more . Fear of the Fifth Column is spreading like wildfire throughout the 29 ships . I 've nevereen such worry in them . They just need their queen to assuage their fears . Take comfort knowing I am here . There is nothing to fear . We will remain among humans . But the fifth column will never harm you . The past is gone . No looming fate , no uncontrollable destiny , no fear , no looking back . Bask in my light . Take comfort knowing I am here , protecting you from harm . You are not alone . You will never be alone . ( Vibrating ) ( Window whirs ) Gutsy move , showing your face in public , Mr. Hobbes . What 's to stop me from killing you ? 'Cause I 've got Parker 's research , and you wouldn 't be here if that didn 't frighten the hell out of you . Where is it ? It 's not here . Somewhere safe . Unless , of course , I don 't get what I want . I want that research . And you can have it , chief , and all for the low , low price of everything the visitors have on me , a clean slate and one hell of a big pile of dollars . Deal ? ( Window whirs )
