 This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . We are going to survive . We are going to make it home . I 'm telling you , the ship came here for a reason . This ship is powered by the stars themselves . He and Young are bumping heads , yes . Not sure which camp is the better choice . We just pretend nothing happened . We need to be ready for the next encounter . For the sake of the crew . For the sake of the crew . I want to see the alien ship . Were you just trying to distract me ? So that I wouldn 't notice what Rush was doing ? Look , I knew it was coming , but I didn 't know when . Navigation , propulsion and many others have been locked out entirely by a master code , which we have had no luck in breaking . An Ancient device like this is pretty much a death sentence . I 'm not stopping you , Rush . Go , sit , be my guest . Have you seen my glasses ? Bread box . You 're up early . Am I ? I thought you 'd sleep in . I 've got things to do . 4 : 00 ? What ? Dr. Browning . Oh , yeah , that 's today , right . Listen , I ... I won 't be able to make it today . Nicholas ... Nothing to worry about . Okay , who can tell me the significance of Shor 's algorithm ? It 's a quantum algorithm used for integer factorization . It 's important because it can , in theory , be used to " break " the widely used public-key cryptography scheme known as RSA . RSA is based on the assumption that factoring large numbers is computationally infeasible . This assumption is valid for classical computers . No classical algorithm is known that can factor in polynomial time . Professor Rush ? Yeah . Very good . Nicholas ! Nicholas ? What are you doing here ? I 'm sorry , Constance , not now . I thought you were taking Gloria to the oncologist today . She wanted to go by herself . That doesn 't sound like her . Are you sure she really meant it ? Oh , yes , quite sure . Nick , what 's wrong with you ? I thought you 'd be worried sick . I am . Very concerned . Yes ? It 's back . I had a feeling . You did ? You ... You never said so . No . I can 't go through this again . I can 't . Nick ? Nick , are you there ? Yes , yes . Are you coming home ? Nick ... Yes , soon , soon . Professor Rush ? Professor Rush ... Hi , I 'm Dr. Daniel Jackson . So you are . I 'm sorry to accost you here . I dropped by your office , and they told me that you hadn 't come in for the day . Do you know , I really don 't have time for this . Actually , I think you 're going to want to hear what I have to say . Is there someplace more private we could talk ? You 're going to tell me about the Stargate program . Your current dilemma ... How to unlock the Stargate 's ninth and final chevron . Specifically , how much energy will be required . How do you know that ? Those details are highly classified . The project hasn 't even been named yet , has it ? How about " Icarus " ? I know because it 's already happened ... And you 're just a figment of my imagination . Reliving all of this is just a necessary evil , an unfortunate side effect to a process I can 't control , and it keeps getting in the bloody way of what I need to do . You , the university , the clouds in the sky , all just a dream , a distant memory , and one I 'd really rather went away . What the hell 's going on ? His pulse is strong . BP 's elevated , but not dramatically . He didn 't want to involve anyone else . I am in command of this ship , and that means you don 't do anything without involving me . Do you understand ? What is all this ? We modified the interface . We were hoping it would allow us to use the chair without causing damage to the subject ... And ? Rush is the first subject . Let 's wake him up . I can 't . Severing the connection externally could be very dangerous . He has to do it himself . Look , with or without me , Rush still would 've done it . Even after what happened to Franklin ? This is the only way to unlock control of the ship . The code has to be in the databank somewhere . Let 's forget about Rush for a second . If he wants to kill himself , so be it . How do you know this modification you 've made is not going to backfire put the whole ship in jeopardy ? I don 't . How does this new interface work ? We created a buffer to slow down the transfer of information . We also limited the connection to a narrow range of the subject 's subconscious . That should protect the vast majority of his brain . In a worst case , we hope only the memories that we targeted could be lost . And if it works , the data stored in the ship 's computer should be made available to Rush through a dream . A dream ? A semi-lucid one . Sort of a stimulated recall of the memories in question . How does he wake up ? There 's a built-in trigger . It should appear to him as a distinctive door . All he has to do is open it and walk through . He seems stable for now . Okay , let 's say this is working . Do you have any feedback ? Do you know what Rush is actually doing in there ? No . Anything goes wrong , I 'm pulling the plug . Get on a plane . Go . I don 't want to go alone . I 'll go with you . Thank you . The truth is , as much as I 'd like to ... I don 't think I have the strength . Nicholas ? My God , Nick ... Don 't worry . I haven 't lost my mind , not yet , anyway , but as you can see , I am rather busy . Ignoring it isn 't helping anyone . Burying yourself in work this way . She needs you ... You know , thank you for your concern , but , you know , I really cannot deal with any distractions at the moment ... Is that what your dying wife is to you , a distraction ? No , no , no , of course not . She wants to go home one last time . You should take her . Constance ... I know you mean well , I really do . But I can 't go anywhere , not now . Hey . Hey . Are we okay ? Sure . Why not ? You chose to sit here by yourself instead of with me . You looked busy . I need to know that we 're going to be okay . I know you think that I betrayed you , and I 'm sorry . I never meant to hurt you . It will never happen again . Your friendship means too much to me . Never a dull moment . Shall we see where we are now ? What do we got ? Take a look . Are those buildings ? Were . They look like ruins . It 's the first sign of civilization on a planet out here . Human ? No signs of any life . We should go check it out . Six hours on the clock . You guys gear up . I 'd like to go . Me too . Chloe has been studying all of Dr. Jackson 's work . Really ? You have ? I have . Say something archaeological . Stratification . - That 's good . - Thank you . Plus , didn 't you say you took Ancient history ? - I did . - At Harvard . Well , I don 't see how that helps us billions of light-years from Earth , but I get it . I 'm pretty sure we 've established that this ship is no safer than any planet . Kidnapped by aliens , right here . I don 't have a problem with either of you going . I never said I did . Just be careful . Yes , sir . Every code that 's ever been cracked , every cipher in the last two millennia has been based on those that came before them . This code , however , is so old there may be no known predecessor . You 're talking about a proto-encryption ? Exactly . Right . Well ... how do we attack it with no basis , then ? None of you ? Nothing ? No of you see any pattern in this ? So , what good are you lot , then ? Why are you here ? There are symbols up there I 've never even seen before ... Yes , you have ! Yes , you have , because I have , and you are all me ! Get out ! All of you just get out ! It 's not their fault . Yeah , I know . I 'm the one who can 't solve it . Despite the fact it 's right in front of me . Have you given any thought to what we talked about ? Oh , yeah ... I 'm going to fail at that , too . I 'm sorry ? Solving the issues of dialing the ninth chevron . I 'll devote two and a half years of my life to that . Meanwhile , my wife ... is going to spend her dying days alone while I 'm off , out , trying to solve that little problem ... and then some kid , some big child with no meaningful education is going to jump in at the last moment ... And solve it , just like that . No sense of ambition . He spends most of his time playing ridiculous games , yet he 's the genius I 'll never be . He 's the one who should be here now , seeing what I 'm seeing . Look ... Obviously you 're not yourself right now . I do understand what it is you 're going through . Yeah , I know . I lost my wife , and there was nothing I could do to save her . It 's a terrible , helpless feeling . Yeah , my wife 's not the answer . Data does come quicker when I 'm with her , but quicker 's not going to help me if I can 't interpret it . There 's patterns I 'm just not seeing . I 'm just saying if you need time , take it , be with her . That 's more important right now . That 's more important than anything . Yeah , thanks , you 've been really helpful . Your nose is bleeding . The kino really couldn 't do this place justice . It 's pretty incredible . Awesome . It doesn 't look like anybody 's been here for a long , long time . Well , we have about six hours to figure out what happened . Let 's look around . Progress ? His nose was bleeding . It 's stopped now . What does that mean ? I don 't know exactly , but it can 't be good for him , the way this thing messes with the brain . His heart rate and BP have been fluctuating . You said he was stable . I said , " for the moment . " That was over an hour ago . No way at all to tell if he 's having any success ? No , all I 'm able to monitor is the rate the data 's flowing into his mind , and that 's been fluctuating as well . What are the odds that yanking him out of there will kill him ? I wouldn 't even hazard a guess . I 've spent most of the last 20 years watching what I ate , denying myself the things I most loved , and now , I could eat anything I want , and nothing seems appealing . Yeah . Why are you here , Nick ? Because this is what happened . You have work to do . Go and do it . I am doing it . It doesn 't seem to matter where I am . You have the chance to change so many things . The one thing you can 't change is what 's happening to me . Don 't let that hold you back . When the time comes , I know you 'll be there . Okay , every time I turn , I see another wall ... So what do you think that means ? What do you got , buddy ? Well , it 's pretty cool . Looks like a network of underground tunnels . We should check it out . Why ? Don 't you want to know who once lived here ? How does that help us ? Hey , so far Destiny has stopped on planets that had something on them that we needed . I 'm not saying it 's always going to be the case , but ... Did you see anything on the kino ? No , but we ... What could possibly be down there that we would need ? I don 't know . How about a power source capable of dialing back to Earth ? Come on ... You never know . These people don 't look like they were that advanced . Actually , many advanced alien civilizations found in the milky way and Pegasus galaxies lived in what appeared to be primitive stone architecture that concealed extremely powerful technology . I admit that was a big nerd moment , but it 's true , isn 't it ? All right , you got the kino footage . Let 's go . Yeah , that 's the thing . We don 't ... have the kino footage . What do you mean ? It 's a bit of a maze down there ... You lost it ? No , I took a wrong turn trying to steer it out . I just need to take a look and get my bearings . The footage may be important . Just ... Okay , okay . All right , I 'm going to stay up here and cover your backs . What are you , scared ? That was a joke . I 'm sorry , I must have mistakenly thought we were on that level now . You know , friends who can kid each other like that ? Please don 't kill me ? Come on , Sergeant , you can take up the rear . We won 't go far . Yes , sir . What 's his problem ? I didn 't think anything scared him . He 's a little claustrophobic . I need to sit down . Okay . God is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble . Therefore we shall not fear , though the Earth be removed , though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea , though its waters roar and be troubled , though the mountains shake at the swelling thereof . There is a river , the streams whereof make glad the city of God , the holy habitation of the most high ... I want you to practice , okay ? Okay . God is in the midst of her . She will not be moved . God will help her when the morning dawns . Thank you . What was that ? Probably wind . Anyone else think we 've seen enough ? Weren 't you the one hoping for dead bodies ? Some evidence of human skeletal remains , actually , and there don 't seem to be any . Oh well ! Oh ! Oh , God , get it off ! Get it off ! Get off ! Okay , that 's it . I am out of here ! Good idea . Let 's go . Stop . Why ? Don 't move . Oh , my God , what ? What is it ? Run . I think you got it . Lieutenant Scott , this is Colonel Young , do you read ? Lieutenant Scott , Sergeant Greer , come in . This is Scott , sir . I 'm glad to hear your voice , sir . We are ... in a bit of a pickle down here . What 's that ? We are trapped in an underground tunnel . We were exploring the ruins . Sergeant Greer was forced to fire his weapon . The tunnel collapsed on us . No one is hurt . Eli and Chloe are looking for another way out , but if they can 't find one , we 're going to need help getting out of here , sir . Why was Sergeant Greer forced to use his weapon ? There was a spider , sir . It was approaching Chloe . A spider ? It was a sizable spider , sir . I 'll send a team . Young out . Less than two hours before we jump into FTL . This is my fault . We shouldn 't have come down here . So , the good news is , we haven 't run into any more spiders . Did you find the kino ? No , unfortunately , these tunnels seem to go on forever . We haven 't found any other sort of exit or access to ground level . We heard wind howling . No , no ... That 's what you said it was . Me , I 'm already having trouble breathing . No , there 's air down here . My heart rate is very high . Oh , slightly dizzy . All right , calm down . There 's got to be more than one way in and out of here . I take it the digging is not going well . We got c-4 . That 's not going to do anything but make this worse . Colonel Young just radioed through the gate . They 're sending a rescue team . And what are they going to do ? Lieutenant Scott , it 's Lieutenant James , do you read ? James , we hear you ? Where are you ? We just found the tunnel entrance . Is everyone okay down there ? Yeah , we 're fine . Look ... How bad is it ? I 'm not going to lie to you . It does not look good . But we 're going to get you out of there . Okay , let 's get to work ! Dr. Rush ? I 'm sorry , I rang the bell several times . The door was open . Yes . Your nose is bleeding again . I 've got some great news . Our source inside the Lucian Alliance has come through . We 've got the location of a planet that just might suit our power requirements . Well , that 's terrific . I thought you 'd be more excited . I mean , it 's going to take some doing . There 's a mining outpost being run by a small ... Dr. Jackson , do you understand anything on that board ? No , not really . Why ? Should I ? No . I don 't either . I didn 't expect it to just present itself . I mean , why should it ? It 's a code . It 's meant to be hidden . A code for what ? Destiny . This is all information stored in her memory banks . At least , I suspect , a small fraction of it . All completely meaningless to me in this form , without context . And , unfortunately , I don 't think staying here any longer is going to make it much clearer . Are you going somewhere ? Yup , I 'm done . How 's your wife doing ? She 's dying . Today , actually . I really am sorry . Yeah , so am I. Shouldn 't you be with her ? You keep saying that . Yeah , well , it 's true , isn 't it ? What 's the date today ? You say your wife is going to die today , but you don 't remember what day it is ... No , please , please , just tell me . April 6th . April the 6th ... She 's taken a turn for the worse . The doctors say the situation 's very grave . They don 't think she 's going to make it through the day . Thank you . April 6 . What does that mean ? I don 't know , but Gloria didn 't die on April 6th . Well , it 's not the ultimate answer to life , the universe , and everything . That 's 42 . Hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy . Yes , thank you , you 've been very helpful . The address of this house is number 4 , not 46 . Why does it say 46 on the door ? Well , 46 divided by two is 23 . I 'm sure you 've heard of the 23 enigma . Yeah , it refers to some ridiculous notion that everything and anything is connected to the number 23 . Most rational people acknowledge the enigma is merely evidence of the mind 's power to perceive truth in almost anything . Yeah , if you look for it ... You 're going to find it . So , what is this ? Is this my mind playing tricks ? Am I seeing something that 's not there ? Convincing myself this is somehow significant ? Significant ... Dr. Rush ? Lieutenant James , this is Colonel Young , come in . I wish I had better news for you , sir . We 're doing the best we can , but ... Things are pretty slow-moving . You 're running out of time . Yes , sir , we know . Okay , can I panic now ? We 've got less than half an hour . We 're not going to make it . Seriously , what are we going to do ? Sir , he just suffered some sort of cardiac event . He seems somewhat stabilized , but I don 't know how much more of this he can take . Leaving him in there is going to kill him ? I think so , sir . It 's just a matter of time . And you said pulling him out could kill him , too . I know I advised against it , but maybe it 's better to opt for risk over certainty . Unfortunately , things are not going well on the planet . Looks like we 're not going to have enough time to dig them out . However , if Rush can find the master code , we may be able to stall Destiny 's jump into FTL . We risk sacrificing Rush . According to you , he 's choosing to stay connected to that chair . He may not be aware of the danger that he 's in . If we jump to FTL , Eli , Scott , Greer , and Chloe are going to be left behind , so right now , looks like their best chance is Rush . We couldn 't find any other access . Maybe it 's time we made one . Lieutenant , we 're running out of time . Yeah , we know . We 're going to use c-4 to try and blow a hole in the top of the tunnel . How far back do you estimate you are from the collapsed opening ? Not far . About 10 meters . Move as far back as you can , and let me know when you 're clear . Copy that . Let 's go , guys . Good ? We 'll see . We 're ready up here . Hopefully , we 're clear down here . Fire in the hole ! Lieutenant , do you read ? Yeah , we 're still here . Doesn 't look like that had the desired effect . No , sir . We just made things a lot worse . I 'm sorry . No , it 's not your fault , Lt. You did the best you could . No ... get your team back to the ship . Sir , we still have time ... Not much . That was an order , Lieutenant . Go . You 're not here for me . I 've already been through this . No , you haven 't . Not really . I was here . You can 't lie to yourself . You chose this memory because it 's one you 'd rather just forget . What you need is here now . That 's why you 're here . It 's not for me . You just want your answer . I need an answer . You 're dying . I know . You 'd rather die than fail ? What have you become , Nicholas ? The things you 've done , that 's not who you are . It 's not you . I always had it in me ... to make the hard decisions . I have reasons . Good reasons . To hurt people ? Are you sure ? You tell yourself my death gave you courage . In truth , it made you callous . You 're not the man I loved . He died with you . I was never your conscience , Nicholas . You still have one of your own . You just need to listen to it . Some people live their whole lives and never find what we had . Don 't let what happened to me change you this way . It 's nobody 's fault . I know ... I know that . It 's one stupid gene . Passed on to me by my mother , incapable of performing its one simple function , to repair damaged DNA . That 's it , isn 't it ? That 's why you 're here . Of course . Go . I know how much you loved me . Stop taking it out on everyone else . I haven 't forgotten you , Gloria ... and I never will . Dr. Rush ? Now , listen to me . We got five minutes to stop this ship from jumping into FTL . What ? Peoples ' lives are depending on it . I can 't ... I can 't do that . I can 't do anything about that ... Lieutenant Scott , can you hear me ? Yes , sir . We can 't stop it . Understood , sir . God be with you , Colonel . All of you . It 's not over , son . Don 't give up . They just jumped . What are you doing out of the infirmary ? I got work to do , Colonel . How about solving the access code that 's going to allow us to turn this ship around ? Well , funnily enough ... I thought you didn 't find anything . I didn 't say that . I said I couldn 't stop the ship then and there . And even though it nearly killed me , I managed to find a clue which may give us control of this ship once and for all . A clue ? 46 . Well , that seems a little too simple . It 's the number of chromosomes in human DNA . Genetic code . This helps us how ? Well , we know in other cases , with their later technologies , that the ancients used sensors that restricted access by detecting specific genetic markers . The access code to the Destiny is not like that . It 's definitely numerological . The problem we 've had cracking it is that we had no basis , nowhere to start . We were just taking wild shots in the dark . And now ? Now we know where to start . They used their own genetic code , likely a specific one . More evolved than ours , no doubt , but all we have to do now is run through the variations . We 're still talking about billions of possibilities here . I 've written a program which is going to go through the permutations . So how long is this going to that take ? Several days . Really ? Or several years ... I was trying to be a little bit more optimistic . That 's a little different for you . Rush ... All this , this was worth risking your life for ? We 'll see .
