 This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . We are going to survive , we are going to make it home . I 'm telling you , the ship came here for a reason ! This ship is powered by the stars themselves . He and Young are bumping heads , yes . Not sure which camp is the better choice . We just pretend nothing happened . We need to be ready for the next encounter . For the sake of the crew . For the sake of the crew . Got it , Colonel , Lucian alliance ? That would be my guess . They haven 't introduced themselves . Any word on how they gained intel on our base ? No . What about casualties ? 12 . 80-plus MIA . I 'm pregnant . It 's yours . Ours . Look , I know that we 've had our differences in the past . Yeah . It was my duty to express concern For how everyone else felt about you . I 've never even met your wife . Telford , you connected with him . Was it a residual memory of his That somehow transferred to my subconscious ? I would think you 'd be doing everything possible to get these people home , to get yourself home , back to your wife . And I know you 're still sleeping with her . Everett ! You 're up late . Yeah . I just had a very interesting dream . Everyone thinks their dreams are interesting . Nobody else cares . Yeah , well , you 're going to care about this one . I 'm outside a warehouse , on Earth , and there 's birds ... At least I can hear them . Seagulls , I think . I 'm at some kind of meeting . There 's four or five people there . Who ? I don 't know , I don 't know , but I 'm giving them information . Reports , files . I 'm talking about Icarus . In detail . Well , who were they ? I don 't know , I ... They had a goa 'uld cargo ship . The Lucian alliance on Earth ? I can only guess . You dreamt you were the spy who leaked Everything about Icarus to the Lucian alliance ? No , not me , it wasn 't me . Rush , what the hell are you talking about ? On the way back to the car , I seen my reflection . It was Colonel Telford . I was Colonel Telford . Stargate Universe s01e18 Subversion Rush switched two days ago . The only reason I am telling you is because you are the only person who 's ever experienced this kind of bleed-through memory after using the stones . It was just that once , sir . Certainly nothing like that . Thanks , Lieutenant . All right , look , sir , I understand that you have your issues with Colonel Telford , but you cannot seriously ... Sit down , Lieutenant . Before he was assigned to Icarus , Telford spent the better part of a year undercover , infiltrating the alliance . You really think he would turn ? Eight months into his assignment , there was an attack on a planet that we had a large team working on , P2S-569 . 37 people were killed . Now , we later found out that Telford knew about the attack , and decided to do nothing . In order to protect his cover . That 's what he said . Stargate command let him off the hook , And everything was swept under the carpet . But now ... Sir , there 's got to be more to it than that . We know that the goa 'uld had brainwashing technology , Could make a man turn against his mother and be proud of it . It is possible The alliance now has that capability . Well , if they do , sir , then we can 't trust anyone . Colonel , hey , we were just going over Some of the data we found when ... Take a break , Eli . Secrets , you two ... Now , please , go . Okay . So I talked to Scott . He doesn 't remember anything like your dream . Well , we have to do something . Agreed . Telford 's still on active rotation with the stones , yeah ? He 's due to make a connection In a couple of days with Dr. Morrison . What if I take morrison 's place ? Try to make contact with the alliance . It 's risky . Well , it 's a pretty good disguise , Actually being inside someone else 's body . I 'll go . No , that would be a mistake . Why 's that ? Because I had the dream . Look , there 's still elements I 'm trying to piece together . For example , there 's a number , 314 . Now , I know it 's significant , but I don 't know why . If I 'm there , in Telford 's environment , then ... You 're not trained for this . Well , who is ? I 'll just have to Do my best . If stargate command Is this badly compromised , I can 't tell anyone what you 're up to , Do you understand that ? Yup . Once you are on Earth , you are on your own . No back-up ... I understand . I get it , I get it . Now , someone has to stop this guy . He can 't be allowed to continue . The alliance probably already know more about this ship Than we do . Which isn 't much . Well , I wouldn 't underestimate them . I 'm not . Colonel , I need a minute . That 's about all I got right now . Did you bump Dr. Morrison from his spot on the communication stones ? Yes . Without consulting me ? Yes . Any particular reason ? Yes . You care to enlighten me ? No . With everything that we have been through , You really want to do this ? Look , Camile , I 've got good reason not to tell you , Or I would . You 're going to have to trust me . Dr. Morrison ? Yes . Welcome back . I 'm staff sergeant graham . I 'll be your escort . Right . I want to talk to Colonel Young , now . He is busy at the moment , sir , but he said he 'd come see you shortly . Why was I connected with Dr. Rush ? That wasn 't part of the schedule . Yes , sorry about that , sir . It was unavoidable . Why ? Dr. Rush had to consult with some people back on Earth Regarding some technical problems . You 're a terrible liar , Lieutenant . I 'd like some fatigues . No problem . This way , sir . I need to speak to General O 'Neill immediately . And you are ? Colonel Everett Young , authentication 1619414 . Tell him it 's urgent . Everett , I 'll have you know I 'm missing a national security briefing for this . Sorry about that , sir . Well , if you 'd ever been to a national security briefing , you wouldn 't say that . What 's up ? It Dr. Rush , sir . He 's on Earth right now in the body of Colonel Telford . Probably hasn 't even left the building . So ? We need to put a tail on him . Well , he 's got an escort . He 'll ditch the escort first chance he gets . I think we should let him do it , then follow him discreetly . Why ? He 's about to try and make contact with the Lucian alliance . Aw , Chloe ... Oh , my God ... Chloe , I didn 't know you could sew . Oh , no , I can 't . Not really . I hope it doesn 't fall apart . No , it 's beautiful , thank you . You 're welcome . Here , open this one . Hey , can we talk to you for a second ? Oh , my gosh ... You made this yourself ? If it 's a girl , I can make something else . No , it 's perfect ! Thank you ... What 's going on ? We 're hoping you could tell us . About Rush ? Going back to Earth on the stones unscheduled ? Well , I 'm-I 'm sure there 's a good reason . Right , yeah , that 's what we 're afraid of . They didn 't say anything to you ? Young came in to talk to him The other day ... They did kick me out . Yeah , we heard Young went , too . He did ? After Rush . He 's there right now . Something 's definitely going on here . Congratulations , TJ . Camile , if I could have a moment of your time , please ? Were you aware of the change ... Yeah , we could check those ... Control interface room probably has something ... Yeah , I could meet you guys at the ... That 'd be great . If I 'm not mistaken , sir , I believe you 've witnessed The effects of this brainwashing technology First hand . Yeah . Yeah , that 's ... That 's true . I recommend we keep The number of people we bring in on this To a minimum . Well , thank you , Colonel , for stating the obvious . Truth is , You took a bit of a chance by telling me , didn 't you ? Well , I had to , sir . Rush was asking for a free pass , An unscheduled , unauthorized visit to Earth , Exactly the sort of thing he might do If he was the mole himself . Well , if he 's the mole , why would he be trying To frame Telford at this point ? I can 't answer that , sir . And if he 's telling the truth ? Hopefully he 'll still be able to lead us to the alliance . And not lose his life . Yes , sir . I 've quite a few personal things to attend to . I 'll be a few minutes . Not to worry , sir . I came prepared . So , do you know what they 're going to do to Rush ? They didn 't let me know until after the fact . They 're trying to keep me out of the loop . It 's not ... Where the hell have you been ? It 's nice to see you too . Come with me . We have some things to discuss . Do we ? Privately . We haven 't seen you in a while , Colonel . I hope everything is well . I 've been on assignment . Of course . I 'll give you some privacy . Yes ? Yeah , this is Telford . I have some new information . We have to meet . Stand by for instructions . Get in . You 're allowing alcohol onboard now ? I doubt I could stop it if I wanted to . So I can report your command of this ship Is solid as ever , then ? I am doing my best to make it work . Why did I connect with Rush ? Oh , we 'll get to that . I think we need to clr the air a little bit . Have another . I 'm on duty . You 're on duty . Yes , and we 're both a billion light years Away from the nearest disciplinary hearing . So , what , you afraid of what you might say ? I don 't have anything to hide , From you or anyone else . Is that so ? I could 've brought you up on charges For assaulting a fellow officer . You should just thank me and let it go . Well , I think we both know That you don 't want the details Of that little incident getting out Any more than I do . You cheated on your wife , and she moved on . End of story . You took advantage To get back at me on a personal level . You were sleeping with an officer under your command ! I mean , look at you , Everett . You 're a disgrace . But I 'm here , Right ? And that 's ... That 's what 's killing you , isn 't it ? Because this was supposed to be your prize . Your reward for all that hard work . An entire year living with those criminals , thieves , murderers , pretending to be one of them , I mean , that 's got to take its toll . I 'm not doing this again . The man I used to know would not let 37 people die To cover his own ass . So , what changed ? What happened to you , David ? Thanks for the drink . Scott ... What are we doing ? We 're waiting , what else ? Daniel , come in . Do you read ? Jack , what is it ? Carter says they 're using some kind of jamming device . We can 't get a lock on anyone in the area . What 's your status ? They 've stopped . Looks like we 're waiting on someone . Well , ground assault is standing by . They 'll move when you call it . Hang on . Who are you ? I 'm sorry , I don 't know what you mean . All right , who am I ? Whoever you are , You must be using the ancient communication stones . I don 't know what you 're talking about . You failed to use the proper code When you called in . Colonel Telford would never make such a mistake . His cover 's blown . Move in . Move in now . They have a ship . Go ! Go ! We 're too late . You okay ? Yeah ... I 'm fine . What chance does this baby have of ever living a normal life ? What 's normal anyway ? I don 't know , but I don 't think it 's this . Look , I know right now it seems impossible that we will ever make it back . But I also know that since we 've been here , it seems like we 're averaging about five impossible things a week , right ? So why assume the worst ? Look , at the very least , there are a lot of people here who are going to care about that baby . That 's something . Yeah . We are all going to help you . Thanks , Chloe . Come here . According to our intelligence , her name is kiva . She 's the daughter of a Lucian alliance warlord Named massing , One of the higher-ups . Powerful and brutal . That intel come from Telford ? Yeah , well , at least we know who the mole is , eh ? There 's an easy way to end this . We cut the connection on the stones . They get Telford back , we 're no closer To figuring out what they 're up to . Dr. Rush 's life is in danger . He volunteered . He knew the risks . That cargo ship slipped past all of our sensors . We have no ia where it 's going . Telford might , And he may know more . I 'm just asking for the chance to get it out of him . He still has rights , doesn 't he ? He didn 't say how he was going to do it . With all due respect , sir , You and I both know the people who made the rules Were not prepared for anything like this . I 'm sorry . I know that really hurts . Well , I suppose it was worth it . I had to make it look good . Of course I didn 't give them the code on purpose . I 'm not a complete idiot . On purpose ? What are you talking about ? They were getting suspicious . Yes , I was beginning to have concerns about that myself . Well , that 's why I had to come in . I wasn 't sure whether I was being followed . I figured if they thought I was being taken by force , It might help us salvage something From this operation . Nice try . You almost managed to make that sound convincing . Well , it sounds convincing because it 's true . If you really are Colonel Telford , You 'll know my name . It 's kiva . Good . Next question . What 's yours ? A spy ? A Lucian alliance spy ? You are so desperate to get back at me That you would say or do anything , wouldn 't you ? We have proof . Oh , come on , Everett , this is all about me and Emily . Well , how do you think I found out about that ? You switched bodies with Scott , do you remember that ? Yeah . He 's the one who told me . He saw it , in his mind , A vision . Call it residual memory , whatever you want . It seems that every time you use the stones , You leave a little something behind . Maybe ... Maybe that 's guilt . Maybe , deep down inside , You want the truth to come out . You 're insane . Well , you 've already confessed . You just won 't admit it . We 'll let him sweat a while . Give me a shot , sir . Won 't take long . Appreciate the enthusiasm , sergeant . Not yet . I would really prefer not to have to do this . I wish I had time to convince you That I 'm not what you think I am . Oh , yeah , and what 's that ? I 'm a reasonable person just trying to do what 's right for my people . You make a terrible first impression . We have brainwashing technologies . I could try those , but I 'm not sure what they 'd do to you under the circumstances , with your consciousness in somebody else 's body . Unfortunately , I 've learned one thing about torture over the years . It 's ... Effective . Barbaric , I know , and I hate lowering myself to this level , but I need to know who you are , and beyond that , whether or not you 're any use to me . Has he been ven any food or water ? Open it . Sir , maybe I should go in there with you ... No , no , that will not be necessary , Lieutenant . This is on me , only me . Open it . You can 't keep me in here forever . No one 's pulling the plug on the stones , so ... Why don 't you just admit what you did , and we can move on ? I want to talk to Scott . I have a right to face my accuser . This didn 't come from Scott . You switched with Rush , remember ? Rush ? This is coming from Rush ? At first , I didn 't believe him either . I figured I 'd give enough rope to hang himself , But guess what ? That didn 't happen . What 's that ? Airman dunning brought it along With his personal effects . Do you recognize them ? They were all stationed on Icarus . The fire suppression team . They got trapped during the attack When a corridor collapsed . They all burned alive , every last one of them . No , no , no , no ... You take a good look . Take a look . I want you to look at their faces , Because you killed them . You killed them as if you 'd doused them with gasoline And lit the match yourself , And they weren 't the only ones . So we know that you are a traitor And a murderer . Now we know you 're a coward , too . All right , that 's enough ! Stand down , sergeant ! I said stand down ! Get out , both of you ! Sir ... Get out ! Okay . So ... Where were we ? This will eventually kill you . You 'll be killing Telford too . That might just work out for the best Given that he 's been compromised . I have a full rundown Of the personnel aboard Destiny , And I doubt very much that civilians Or the scientists would have endured this , So the question is Whether or not Colonel Young Would have put himself in this situation , or ... Send his first Lieutenant , Scott ? How do you know I 'm someone aboard Destiny ? That 's a fair question . You can make this stop . If I answer your question , You 're going to kill me . Either way I 'm dead . I won 't . You have my word . You have nothing to lose . Rush ! I 'm Dr. Nicholas Rush . I want this connection cut . I want to go back to my own body . No , you don 't . You 're damaged goods . You go back now , your friends at the alliance Aren 't going to be too happy with you . I don 't have any friends in the alliance . Not anymore you don 't . Your only hope is with us . You come clean now , I will do my best to help you . I am not a spy , Everett ! How manyimes do I have to tell you ? Recognize it ? Should I ? It 's your work . To do with dialing the ninth chevron That leads to Destiny . These readings ... Similar naquadria deposits . We had some issues adapting the equations , But there should be enough power to get us there . You 've found another Icarus planet . Let 's talk about the outpost . P2s 569 . We 've been through this . I was cleared of any wrongdoing . Because they didn 't have all the facts . I couldn 't blow my cover . I didn 't have a choice ! Remember that little combat engineer , Sanchez ? Remember her ? She used to follow you around like a puppy . She was hit in the first blast . Right arm severed at the shoulder . She 's screaming , yelling , begging me to help her . All I could do Was watch her bleed to death in the dirt . It wasn 't my fault . Now , we already know you did it , But it 's possible you 're not responsible . W - what are you talking about ? Think about it . I want you to think about it . Why is it that the memory transfer Happens only with you And only you and no one else When they use the stones ? They messed with your head , David . They made you think that you were one of them , and you 're not . That 's not you . Now , we can help you , we can bring you back , but I need you to take the first step . You tell us where they 're taking Rush . David ? Tell me . We 've replicated it as best we could . Olan ! Meet Dr. Rush . Doctor . Olan is one of our lead scientists Your work is impressive . It was nothing , really . When I found out that you were on your way ... Yes , we 're all very excited To have Dr. Rush 's full cooperation . Maybe now we 'll actually make a connection . As you can see , We 've procured some familiar technology . It was necessary to implement your methods . I trust it will suffice ? I 'll leave you to your work . The figures for these naquadria deposits are correct , yes ? Of course . Because if they 're out by even a fraction ... We spent months doing a detailed orbital survey . We mapped every deposit down to the last vein . All right , then , I 'm done . Really ? It 's not that difficult when you know what you 're doing . But ... I 'm kidding . This is probably going to take some time . Oh ... Of course . Quite possibly the rest of my life ... Lieutenant , there 's a lot of talk around the ship About what 's going on in that room . This is a military matter , ma 'am . It doesn 't concern you . That 's exactly the kind of talk That forced us to try and take control of this ship Once before , sergeant . Camile ... Do you want the rumors to spread , or do you want to do something about it ? It 'll be over soon enough , that is all you need to know . See , that 's the wrong answer . Come on , Lieutenant , something tells me That you do not want this on your conscience . Better be careful . Whatever it is , we all have to live with it . I need to communicate with stargate command . Do we let him out ... Nobody in or out . That is an order . I want to talk to him . Colonel ! Progress ? None yet . You must be joking . You 're stalling . Well , if you want to blow yourselves up , you go right ahead . You along with us . This is going to take time , and I don 't just mean a few hours . But Olan said we 've been close for months now . I assumed that with your help , we 'd be able to ... Look , with all due respect to Olan here , his work is shoddy at best . I 'm sorry , you 're just going to have to trust me on this one . The whole thing 's a bloody mess . I may have to start from scratch . You call yourself reasonable ? I am . You said he was incompetent . I was stalling . You were right . I shouldn 't have to demonstrate how important this is to me , to all of us , Dr. Rush . No more chances . Now what 's happening ? We 're not sure . Young 's been back and forth on the stones all day . Looks like this time he brought someone back with him . Who is it ? Welcome to the Destiny , General . Hello . Sir . Corporal ? Sorry about that , sir . This way . Sir . Who 's this ? General O 'Neill . It 's really him . Okay . Let 's say it 's true . General , I 'm being held without charge . I 've been denied counsel , and one of his men attacked me . David , he knows . He authorized it . Well , maybe not that last part there . This is what I 've been trying to tell you . Time to come clean , son . We need to know where they 've taken Rush . You checked out that gate address I gave you ? Oh , yeah . Dead end . You didn 't think I 'd give you anything real , did you ? You should see your face . You look so surprised . Actually , I 'm disappointed . You may not believe this , but I was actually holding out hope that it might not be true , that there was some other explanation . It doesn 't matter . You can 't stop it . Stop ... What ? Here you go . I wouldn 't say it was good . What 's it like ? I mean , we 've heard descriptions , But what 's it like being there ? On Destiny ? You 've flown around in space ships before . Not an ancient ship . Not that far out into the unknown universe . Well , it 's a rust bucket , what can I tell you ? I can 't wait to see it for myself . What if I can 't do it ? What if we just fail to make a connection ? Kiva promised she wouldn 't kill you . Her word is good . I 'll have to kill you myself . You think I was brainwashed ? I came to my senses . We freed billions of people from thousands of years of slavery all over our galaxy , and then we patted ourselves on the back and left them with little or no means for survival . What the hell did we think was going to happen ? This isn 't you , David . Wake up , Everett ! You think the Lucian alliance are just a bunch of criminals ? Who made us judge and jury ? People will do whathey have to do to survive . You should know that by now . We take whatever we want . We do whatever is good for us regardless of the impact on other planets ! What makes us so special ? I know what makes me special . This is not our ship . It wasn 't intended for us . Where are they taking Rush ? It was supposed to be for the benefit of all mankind . He 's more far gone than I thought , General . Yeah , I 've heard enough . Probably take it to the next level , sir . Go ahead and do what you need to do . Communications room , this is Young . Please cut the General 's connection . Yes , sir . Sir . Dismissed , Corporal . Okay , this has gone on long enough . You have to cut the connection . I can 't do that . Dr. Rush 's life is in danger . That 's more important than getting any intel on the Lucian alliance ! I just thought maybe we 'd be better off if she knew , sir . Control room , this is Young . This is Brody . Bring up the life support controls for this section . I got it . Begin venting the atmosphere in Colonel Telford 's quarters now . What ? Say again ? Begin venting Colonel Telford 's quarters now . What the hell are you doing ? Camile , stay out of this . He can 't do this ! Lieutenant ! David ! David , can you hear me ? It 's got to be a bluff . To scare him . Look , you can 't ... David , I 'm venting the atmosphere in your room ! You 've got five minutes before you die of suffocation . Your only hope is to tell me the location of the alliance base . You 're bluffing ! Kill me , and you kill Rush ! I know , but right now , I 'm thinking of the greater good . So ... What 's it going to be ? Young ! Open this damn door ! We both know you 're not going to kill me .
