 Previously on ABC 's " FlashForward " . Everybody on the planet blacked out at exactly the same time . I didn 't just lose consciousness . It felt more like I was having a memory , only it was of the future . Same thing happened to me . In my flash-forward , I saw someone drowning me . I was getting a prenatal sonogram . I was with another man . I 've never seen him before . In my flash-forward , I was investigating what caused all this . You have to see this . Right there . Look right there . No way . Who the hell is that ? And why are they awake ? This was taken about midway through the blackout . We 're calling him suspect zero . Dr. Benford , I 'm Lloyd Simcoe . But it doesn 't matter what I saw . This man means nothing to me . His son 's your patient . Our experiment killed 20 million people , Simon . We were the cause . I do not believe we caused the blackout . Who 's the woman ? I have no idea . But I am gonna meet her . I didn 't have a flash-forward , because I 'm gonna be dead . You will be shot three times . You , agent benford , you will kill Agent noh . You 're coming with us . Lower that gun . You two are disobeying a direct order ! Here . Wedeck 's orders . Thank you and good-bye . No , no , no , please , please , please don 't hurt her . Get in the van , Mr. Simcoe . I 'll come with you , please . Get in the van ! I want to tell you a story about a man I know ... A window washer in Los Angeles . Nothing special about him ... just going about his life , living from day to day . Hook me up . Vague plans . Few dreams . And if he had any aspirations , he never spoke of them . Like most of us , he was already unconscious when the blackout hit . Before the blackout , the window washer lived his life ignoring the questions of the future . They just weren 't that important to him , so he believed nothing . But the blackout came . And this man faced certain death . Many of us think that when divine intervention happens , it 's something big . But it can also be a small thing . That seems so inconsequential in the moment , that turns out to be the turning point for your entire life . Big or small , what if that moment affected everyone , everywhere at the exact same time ? What would that mean to you ? Where would you look for answers ? The answer is never about just one person . Every single person 's life was touched by the blackout . None of us are in this alone . Help ! Each one of us is unique . But we are being stitched together to form a tapestry , something larger that can 't be understood until we step back to see the whole thing . At some point , we all wake up , and then we have to choose . Do we walk in hope , believing that what God is doing is good , or do we stumble around , resigning ourselves to chaos ? The window washer saw a path through the chaos , and he saw the good in what he was shown . That window washer . Was me . FlashForward Season 1 Episode 11-12 . These are the questions people have always struggled with . only now , they are more powerful than ever . Take me through something here . You 're in a foreign country against my expressed wishes , and you decide to pull a gun in a public place . Just out of curiosity , what were you thinking ? Back off ! Back off now ! Can I go see my wife ? She was just nearly kidnapped . What . Were . You thinking ? I asked you a question . Can you try to tell us what you saw ? Uh , yeah . I was saying good-bye . Dylan Simcoe 's been a patient of mine for a while . Um , the paramedics were loading him in . And that 's when I noticed . Something was wrong . We don 't have time for this . Well , they weren 't paramedics . I mean , they didn 't know what they were doing . Bill , can you get down here ? Who 's bill ? Oh , the security guard . They shot him . They shot him . They just did it . And then they turned the gun at me . No , no , no ! Please , please , please don 't hurt her . And that 's when mark jumped in and got in the middle of it . Mark ? Lloyd . Sorry . Tired . Lloyd Simcoe . He told them not to hurt me and that he 'd go with them . He saved my life . Some stranger tells me I 'm gonna put three bullets in my friend . I 'm not gonna invite her to a tea party . Are you trying to be cute ? At least I 'm not sitting on my hands . We still haven 't gone to Somalia . We can 't find d . Gibbons , and for some reason , we 're not using every resource available to us to find out who the hell suspect zero is . Somalia is a war zone , and I 'm working to get us in . The Detroit bureau is canvassing Michigan looking for suspect zero , and we 've got gibbons on the ten most wanted list , which is more than a miracle to pull off . So don 't you imply that I 'm not working with you here . Are you gonna find Lloyd ? This only happened ' cause he came forward , did the right thing . Please find him . Your bureau-mandated therapist ... you see her three times a week , and when she thinks you 're up to it , we 'll talk about a reinstatement . Excuse me ! I know America was a country founded by puritans , but is there really not a single beer in this entire place ? I think you got us confused with the A.T.F. , Dr. Campos . What is it you 're doing here ? I 'm advising the office on all this scientific related to the investigation . Very scientific . That is classified . Not to me . Mark ? I can see working for the FBI is gonna be much more interesting than academia . Mark , it 's not what it looks like . Not now . You 've been through enough . This can wait till later . Let 's go home . Yeah . Bye-bye . It 's been eight hours since Simcoe was kidnapped . Where are we ? We know it was a professional job , but there hasn 't been any kind of ransom demand . We can only theorize as to why he 's been taken , but considering how many people want him dead ... Could be anyone . What 's he doing here ? Nice to see you , too , agent noh . Agent Vogel has officially joined the mosaic task force . Embrace it , Demetri . This is now an interagency investigation . I 've asked Dr. Campos to be here . His close association to Simcoe should be able to shed some light on our kidnappers . I suggest we cast a wider net ... terrorists , anyone interested in future forecasting . If someone were able to master the FlashForwards , they would be effectively printing their own money . I think we can all agree that the mind of Lloyd Simcoe is a priceless resource . Help ! Help ! Can anybody hear me ? No one can hear you . You 're dehydrated . You should replenish your electrolytes . You tell me what I need to know , and you can walk out of here right now . Who are you ? You actually don 't want to know the answer to that question . Go to hell . You have no idea what hell is , but I guess you 're gonna find out . From the outside , I looked the same after the blackout . But inside , I was different . We 've lived believing not knowing the future made life difficult . The truth is that it 's vastly more difficult knowing what lies before us . " But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , " you shall not eat , " for in the day that you eat of it , you shall surely die . Mom ? Mom ? Mom ! Why would you do something like that ? You could have burned the whole house down ! What 's gotten into you ? Sorry . Whatever . She 's had breakfast . The nanny was late . You know , when you say you 're gonna be here , I need you to be here . It 's not my fault . She burned the bible th morning . What ? Might want to search the house again for matches or a lighter . Whatever . The family bible ? Mom ! The challenge for us is to find the gift in what we saw . May not recognize it at first , but if we pay attention , it will reveal itself . What else am I gonna do ? Charlie 's at school , and it 's not like I play any golf . We didn 't get to talk last night , and I don 't want to not talk . I was saying good-bye to Lloyd . But what you saw in that videotape ... that was supposed to be an ending . I swear to God , it made me happy to think it was over . I 'm just glad you 're okay . That the thing . I 'm not I haven 't been for a while . At work I 'm cold and I 'm distant , and then I come home , and you and I ... I haven 't been the easiest guy to come home to . I know . I 'm sorry . What if we just ran ? What if we just upped and moved away ? No , I mean it . I mean , everything bad we saw was here in L.A. You 're serious about this ? Al gough jumped off a building to save a woman 's life ... a woman he didn 't even know . There 's nothing I wouldn 't do to save our marriage . Come here . 9-1-1 . There 's a homeless man . He 's vomiting . He looks like he needs help . 838 Bauchet Street , by the train yards . Are you with the victim now , sir ? The call 's a hoax . Real E.M.T.S responded , bad guys swapped themselves in . The ambulance company supplied us with this , and aside from the videotape , it 's the only lead we have on the kidnapping . Have you found the missing e.M.T.S ? We sent l.A.P.D.Detectives to that location . Dead end . It 's just an empty rail yard South of downtown . And we haven 't located the ambulance , either . You outsourced this to the Los Angeles police department ? - It 's a local crime ... - that involves our investigation . What about Lloyd 's laptop ? What about it ? Well , I might be able to break through the encryption software , see who he was in contact with before he was taken . Could help . Janis , take a security team . Escort Dr. Campos to the Simcoe house . I want to talk to the detectives who canvassed that crime scene . Thank you . Is this , uh , suite 520 ? Uh-huh , and you 're my 3 : 00 . Then why does it look like you 're leaving ? 'Cause it 's 3 : 00 , and if I don 't get an iced latte stat , I 'm gonna need therapy . Agent benford , for the past 12 years , my job has been to help people cope by helping them explore their past . But since the blackout , that 's all changed . The majority of people who are coming to see me are dealing with traumas from their future . So tell me what you saw . I saw myself off the wagon with guns pointed at me . What else do you remember ? That 's not enough trauma for you ? I 've seen your files . You 've got a God complex . I believe that you saw something in your flash-forward , something that you might not even be conscious of , that 's making you believe that you 're the center of the universe , and I 'm not signing anything until we find out what that . Next thing I knew , I was upside down , staring at a broken windshield and a bunch of oranges on the 110 . Okay , by my math , that doesn 't exactly add up to 2 minutes and 17 seconds . You 're not the first person to point that out . And you were drinking ? Can 't even remember half of it . Do you want to ? 'Cause there has been some success using a modified calcineurin inhibitor to enhance people 's memories of their flash-forwards . Using a drug to enhance memories . Eh , I don 't know . I don 't think a magical mystery tour is the best way to go for someone in recovery . What are you afraid of ? Not much . In case you forgot , I chase down very bad people for a living . Not anymore you don 't . Call me when you want to continue treatment . I 'd be happy to see you . You go to the alley . Guard the back door . Could you get me a beer from the refrigerator , please ? We 're here as your security , Mr. Campos , not your servants . I 'm trying to brute force an encryption here . I don 't have time to get up . I have even less time for explicating why said request should be obvious . So why don 't you toddle off , get me a beer ? It 'll help me cogitate . That means " think . That 's a big word for such a little man . I 'm wounded . But I still want my beer . Janis ! Get her on her side . You 're all right . You 're okay . Take it easy . Where 's Simon ? He 's gone . You 're the only one here . What happened ? There were two guys wearing masks . Just like the ones on mark 's board . Good . I found you . But his father 's been kidnapped . It 's not like he 's gonna live on the street . Social services will take good care of him . This is my patient . You can 't release him . You signed the forms yesterday . We kept him overnight as a courtesy , but come on . We needs the beds . Yeah , but he 's developed a complication . His clot got worse . I didn 't realize you had X-ray vision . Well , guess we can close down radiology . Dylan , come here a second . Dylan ? Hey , babe ? I 'm not gonna hurt you . Dylan ? Dylan , sweetie ? The book hurled and swirled them into squirrlyworld to fight Finnegan the supershark and live out Tim Tim 's words oh , who know if the stories how Tim Tim made ' em go ? I guess we 'll just have to watch " the Tim Tim and squirrlio show " that 's right . I guess you 'll just have to watch " the Tim Tim and squirrlio show " have to watch " the Tim Tim and squirrlio show " " Tim Tim and squirrlio show " " Tim Tim and squirrlio show " " and squirrlio show " yeah , elevated heartrate , shortness of breath and , uh , warm forehead . Could be sepsis . Are they gonna find my daddy , Olivia ? Yeah . Of course they are . Oh , yeah . Like we 're gonna find an ambulance out here that the l.A.P.D.Couldn 't find . Good call . This was definitely not a waste of time . You know what ? I got a better idea . Why don 't we , uh , take out our guns and wave ' em around ? See what happens . - Listen , what happened in Hong Kong ... - should stay in Hong Kong ? I was following a lead on my own murder . I know , but the thing you and benford screwed up over there is so much bigger than who might put 3 bullets in you on march 15th . For you , maybe . Come on . Do you think you 're the only one who didn 't have a flash-forward , who saw something , uh , they wish they hadn 't ? Take some advice . You can cry . You can lie to your fiancée ? Whatever . But sooner or later you better get it together , or else she 's gonna be . Walkin ' along that beach getting ready to marry somebody else . Don 't be stupid . There are people around you who know things you don 't . If you want to avoid being killed , you 're gonna need a better partner ... better than mark benford . What was that about a waste of time ? I am so glad to see your shining face . Really ? Yep . Mr. Michalski just woke up from surgery , and we need someone to check on him . Happy to . Thanks . Uh , wait ! Excuse me . Oh , I 'm ... I 'm sorry . I thought ... thought you were someone else . Sorry . In my flash-forward I only saw him for a second , but I 'm sure it was him . Well , I gave his description to security . I really want you to call that detective friend of mark 's . Detective liefeld . No , I gave him a description two months ago . I mean , this won 't be anything new . You never know what can help . You should call him . Okay . E.R. Okay . Uh , I 'll see you later . Hey , it 's gonna be all right . Okay ? Oh , I keep trying to convince myself that this is a mistake ... You know , it 's just something that I don 't understand . But I-I can 't keep walking around wondering if this guy 's gonna be behind every corner . Have you heard about sanctuary ? Um , let me show you . I put these up everywhere . Here . Yeah , I 've seen these . The guy who leads it sees things in a really positive way . You should check it out . He might be able to help . It doesn 't matter to me whether you were frightened by what you saw or excited . I 'll be the first to admit I was totally confused by my flash-forward . I wasn 't a religious person at all . I didn 't know what to do . But a voice said , " just keep moving forward . So I created sanctuary . A place where we can be safe , were there is no threat , no danger . What do you think they 're after ? It 's the experiment at N.L.A.P. It 's gotta be . And clearly , I didn 't consider the repercussions of our announcement . Your announcement , Lloyd . I shouldn 't have implicated you and the rest of the staff . Oh , spare me your whinging , Lloyd . I was co-director of the project . I was on the hook the moment you opened your mouth , and as I 've said repeatedly , I do not think we were responsible for the blackout . Yeah , well , it would seem our captors would beg to differ . Yes . We do beg to differ . Sit , please . I have emphysema . I contracted it through years of habitual smoking . Disgusting proclivity , isn 't it ? Only villains smoke . We know this , right ? I 'm sorry . You are ? You may call me flosso . And I 'm a villain . Now imagine said basket is filled with money . That is what my employers are paying me to ask you these questions . So at 11 : 00 A.M. On October 6th , you conducted a proton-driven plasma-Wakefield experiment . It is my understanding that you were searching for tachyonic dark matter . In the resulting particle collision , how much collision energy was generated ? I-I don 't know . Are we talking about a billion electron volts ? I don 't know . How many electron volts were generated ? Perhaps I can help you with your inquiry , ohh ! On October 6th , you were in Toronto burying your father , I believe . I 'm asking the man who actually pushed the button . You 're here for a different reason . So how many electron volts were generated ? I 'd rather die than tell you how to manufacture another blackout . You think you caused it ? I did . No , Dr. Simcoe . All the two of you did was amplify it . So again , how many electron volts ? What you got ? No wounds , no ligature marks , so I 'm going with a poison of some kind . But I won 't know more until the toxology comes back . We found this . Might belong to one of the e.M.T.S. A leather case ? Fits a Palm PRE , but we didn 't find a phone . If the phone 's still in the ambulance , we can triangulate its position from its signal . Find the phone , find the ambulance . Find the ambulance , maybe find the guys who stole it . Find them , and they 'll get us to Simon and Lloyd . Just relax . You ever sit in a chair before ? Not like this one , no . Well , some people who 've had difficulty recalling their flash-forwards have had real breakthroughs with this treatment . So how about you tell me what changed your mind ? I 'm driving everyone around me ... everyone I care about ... away . Because I can 't deal with what my future might be . Was that really so hard to say ? You got no idea . Well , therapy is a lot like a . The first step in recovery is admitting you have a problem . This gonna hurt ? Truth always does a little . The man in my flash-forward had a neck like an ox , smelled like a meat locker . Don 't know where I was or who the man was . I felt my thumbs on his trachea . I pushed down as hard as I could until I felt something snap . Then I let go . I can 't believe you 'd be capable of something like that . I guess mine 's a little bit more violent than yours . I 'm confused . In my flash-forward , I. I got a text message from you . Sorry , I have to make a call . I can 't remember that . I mean , obviously I couldn 't have sent you a text in the middle of what I was doing . Or maybe I sent you a text earlier , and you just retrieved it then . I don 't understand . Why don 't our futures match ? Because it 's a possible future . Clearly , you weren 't paying any attention to the story about the FBI Agent who committed suicide . Anything 's possible . Vision or no vision . Lloyd , that 's pointless . They 're wire windows . They 've probably nailed them shut anyway . Touch ? I just need one person to walk by and look down . No , no , no , no . Wait . No , no , no , no , no ! You should start to feel a tingling sensation in your extremities . This is completely normal . Just relax . T the memories come . What ? I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball when I came crashing through . Go to hell , Lloyd . What did you see ? I was on the phone . Do you know who you were talking to ? Lloyd Simcoe . You dropped something . Let 's start again from the beginning . You were conducting an experiment in plasma-Wakefield acceleration . Am I correct in that assumption ? I thought I made it clear I can 't tell you . Get the ... Lloyd ! Were you successful , Dr. Simcoe ? Lloyd ! All right , all right . Did your facility detect anything superluminal ? This has nothing to do with Simon . Why ? Was there any Cherenkov radiation ? I.I can 't . Lloyd ! Help ! Lloyd ! Very well then . Let the wild rumpus begin . Hey , kiddo . Go back to sleep , babe . I was just checking in on you . I can 't . Will you sing some more ? I think I exhausted my repertoire . I have to go home . I saved you this from my dinner . A cookie ? You did ? Thank you . Hey , Aaron . It 's mark . I think I could use some help . When you wish upon a star makes no difference who you are anything your heart desires will come to you talk to me , man . What 's happened , mark ? Why are you sitting here in your car in front of a bar ? It 's what 's gonna happen , right my therapist . Gave me this drug to unlock the parts of my flash-forward ' t remember because I was drinking . It 's me . I need to talk to you . Eh , well , this isn 't a good time . I was on the phone with Lloyd Simcoe . Have you been drinking ? Go to hell , Lloyd . I told him I-I didn 't want to talk to him . Look , you have every right to hate me , but ... listen , I don 't hate you . I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball when I came crashing through . Fine , but we need to talk about the Q.E.D. Sounded like we were working together . I 'm not sure . It 's highly theoretical , but I 'm ... I 'm close to cracking it . Listen to me . Close is not good enough . D.Gibbons told me about ... The man you call d . Gibbons lied to you . You need to hurry . We 're running out of time . Unless we can stop this . And then I told him . There 's gonna be another blackout . Are you sure ? I 'm positive . There 's gonna be another blackout . If Simcoe saw the same thing you did , why 's he been sitting on this information the whole time ? Why hasn 't he come forward ? I don 't know . Let 's find him and ask him . Let me back in , and I can track him . Look , go home . I 'm doing my best to get you reinstated . I promise . W-what am I supposed to do till then ? You said you saw more clues from your vision . Work them . But be quiet about it . All right . This business about another blackout . Keep it to yourself . If we can 't tell the world when it 's going to happen , that 's beyond irresponsible . This is the number for one of our missing e.M.T.S. We 're hoping the phone might still be in the ambulance . Can you track it for us ? If the battery 's still got juice , I can capture the signal and triangulate its position . How close can you get us ? To within 50 meters if it 's in the city . Great . Let 's do it . I made it for you , daddy , to cheer you up . Well , it worked . Thank you . It 's beautiful , Charlie . What 's all this ? It 's a giant puzzle , something I still haven 't figured out yet . When I do jigsaw puzzles at Nana 's house , I always feel that way when she dumps the pieces out on the table . Yeah ? But we always start with the corners and work in . At least you know what they are . Start with the corners daddy .. Come here . Sometimes we feel God 's hand on the back of our neck pushing us towards something . And sometimes we feel totally abandoned . That 's normal . But just because you don 't feel something doesn 't mean it 's not there . How many people here have gotten sunburned on a cloudy day ? You didn 't think it was working on you , but it was . God 's love is just like that ... working for your good , whether you are aware of it or not . Here you go . Thank you . Sorry . I just had a question . Sure . What about our responsibility before God ? Don 't we owe him something ? Like what ? Obedience ? I mean , we need to follow the rules that he sets out . And if we don 't ? We get punished . I-I just don 't see how you can say that the blackout was good . And look at all the people that died . Look at all the trouble it 's causing . Clearly , I 've upset you . Well , don 't you think ... in the very least , the flash-forwards were a wake-up call for us to get our act together before it 's too late ? I didn 't catch your name . Nicole . My name is Timothy . I 'd really like to keep talking with you , but if I don 't get out of here before my hour 's up , I get charged . We , thanks . There 's a coffee shop I like nearby . If you want to talk about it again later . Cheese steak menu ... .. Red panda provides humanitarian aid all around the world ... everything from micro-investments to education . We 've been extremely busy since the blackout . I 'm sure you can imagine . You said you do work all over the world . Yes . We grew out of d.H.S. In the ' 90s ... you know , demographic and health services . We 're in South America , the middle East , the African subcontinent ... Somalia ? Was red panda there in ' 91 ? There was no red panda in 1991 . We weren 't chartered until ' 98 . And you send in , what , teams of people ? With clean water supplies , mostly . The warlords keep most everyone out , but , you know , humanitarian groups like us can get in . Is there anyone I could talk to about maybe . Piggybacking on one of red panda 's trips ? Doubt it . Not to be disrespectful , but most of the people working here probably have police records as thick as the bible . We 're not like that anymore . Have a nice day , agent benford . You have to at least let me pay for your coffee . It 's okay . Uh , I didn 't have any plans anyway . I mean , it 's not like he 's scary or anything . I-I just feel better if you 're here . I 'll be right here if you need me . Great . Oh , and can you see if you can get the change in pennies ? Can I buy you a cup of coffee ? That 's all right . I 'm getting one to go . Why don 't you tell me what upset you earlier ? In my flash-forward , I was underwater . Someone was drowning me . And in the end , I was dead . People ask me all the time to interpret what they saw , and I can 't . Ultimately , interpretation is your responsibility . How could my drowning be good ? What if you were being baptized ? Wouldn 't that be a good thing ? But then why was I struggling ? I 'm sorry to say I 've dropped more than one person in a full-immersion baptism . Water gets up their nose . They freak out , slip away . But I died . Or fainted . My point here is that these visions are just a snapshot . You only see a small portion . Think of Jesus and his sacrifice . To his disciples , it was a tragedy because they couldn 't see the bigger picture . It 's a new reality for everyone who came after . Is that what you think is happening now ? It 's not fate versus freewill . It 's fate and freewill . But hey , I 'm just a super religious weirdo dude . You don 't have to believe anything I say . But every day , god puts something good in your life . Embrace it . And let all the other stuff fall away . The challenge we face is recognizing that the answers to our most burning questions may be right in front of us . You sure you don 't want to try our tofurky soy cheese steak ? It 's on special . I 'm positive . I really wish I could have been more help to you , but since I don 't even know what you 're looking for . Me neither . Thanks anyway . Yeah , no problem . When did you guys change locations ? About a month ago . We had a fire during the blackout . Luckily , I got my money before the insurance company went broke . Where was your old location ? Dr. Simcoe , how many electron volts were generated ? It 's a number , Dr. Simcoe ... an abstract object . I can 't sacrifice any more lives . " Sacrifice " is an interesting word . I appreciate its duality . It can be used as either a noun or a verb . One can take action , surrender , or give something up for something else . What ... what are you doing ? I , however , prefer the Greek noun form thusia , to indicate the object itself that is sacrificed . Meaning one 's family . - Lloyd ? - Or the proverbial pound of flesh . No . Lloyd ! Tell them what they want , Lloyd ! I 'm not saying he 's bad . I just think most religion is a kind of club designed to keep some people in and some people out . Well , if it makes you feel better about your life , what difference does it make ? Well , I 'm glad you 're feeling better . I just want you to be careful . You know what ? Um , maybe this wasn 't the best idea . You know , even when her medicine 's working , she 's . Odd , and it 's unpredictable . Hey , I want to hang out . So there 's nothing to be afraid of . Okay ? All right , but if you want to bail , I totally understand . Mom , this is my friend Bryce . We work together at the hospital . Don 't touch my hair . You 'll scare the butterflies away . So this is the reason for all the pennies ? You brought pennies ? Yeah , I got a bunch today . - You 're a doctor ? - Yeah I 've been struck by lightning six times . Can I help with the wall ? Only use the ones marked 1989 . That 's the year that Nicole was born . Nice . This whole thing is a tribute to her . You never told me that . You never asked . Actually , we were just discussing a question that 's been bothering us ... Do you think God caused the flash-forward ? Flash-forward ? So what ? People are crying about it . Boohoo . It 's not the end of the world . I have a hallucination every day . Nobody gives a damn . And if you want to know about God , what some people call coincidence . Is really God at work . No , that makes perfect sense . Found one . Glue 's right there . Oh , and start the music , will you ? Sure . Come on , girl . Show him how it 's done . # what you gonna do ? # when I come bearing gifts . Your son wears a size 4 shoe . His physical therapist 's name is Joanie . And finally . These were taken before the blackout . We 've had your family under surveillance for quite some time . We got a lead on our missing quantum physicist . L.A.P.D.And s.W.A.T.Are backing us up . Where 'd you find ' em ? We tracked the ambulance to a restaurant that 's been abandoned since the blackout . Infrared 's catching four guys inside . You want in on the takedown ? Text me the address . If you care about your son , you will want to consider your next response very carefully . How . Many . Electron volts were generated ? C.E.R.N. Can generate up to 500 teraelectron volts . Am in the ballpark ? You 're . You 're thinking too small . We cracked the Peta-electron volt barrier . You generated more than a quadrillion electron volts ? And what about tachyonic dark matter ? Did you find it ? We came close . We found charge conjugation ... a certain breakdown in time symmetry . What have we got ? Clean this up . Take the stairs ! Bomb ! The bomb was keyed to 842.3 megahertz . That 's a bureau frequency . When we came rolling in here , our radios triggered the explosive . That 's not your everyday kidnappers . No . They 're sending a clear message ... don 't go where you aren 't invited . Don 't go to pigeon , Utah . Don 't go to Washington , D.C. But it occurs to me that if mark saw them in his vision , they saw him , too . Beginning on October 6th , they knew that you and mark were at the center of this thing . How they plan on using that knowledge , that 's what we need to be thinking about . You 're , uh . Nicole 's friend from this afternoon . Bryce . Uh , we work together at the hospital . Right . Is she feeling better ? She 's better , actually . Um , that 's ... that 's the reason that I 'm here to talk to you tonight . Look , she 's a great girl , and this ... this whole thing ... this ... this religion thing ... I 'm not quite sure what you 're selling here , but I just want to make sure she doesn 't get hurt . Well , I 'm not sure if you 'll believe me , Bryce , but I 'm not selling anything . I 'm just receiving a gift from God of a vision of myself on April 29th . What I saw opened me up to the idea that everyone 's purpose is to give and receive love , simple as that . My job is to give that message to as many people as possible . No one ever got hurt getting a little more love into their life . What are you afraid of ? God has put us in this place , at this time , to do something ! God is breaking into human history in a way that 's never happened before . And you ... you are right at the center of everything ! Go to hell , Lloyd . Look , you have every right to hate me , but ... listen , I don 't hate you . I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball when I came crashing through . Wait , wait , wait . Word of advice ... next time take the trigger finger . Let 's go ! Bring it back ! All right , check the V.T.L. , see what we got on this guy anyway . I was afraid this was my only chance . How the hell did you find us ? You called me . We were talking on the phone together in our flash-forwards . Now it 's time for you to tell me everything . I gave you should be taking effect . How are you feeling ? I 've been better . Well , that didn 't go quite as well as planned , did it ? I 'd give you the finger , but I 'm running out of ones to spare . I improvised . I had to . We weren 't getting any results , and we needed to direct suspicion away from you . I think we 've accomplished that for tonight , if nothing else . Forget it . I 'm done being your bitch . Really ? Then I suppose you won 't mind if I have a talk with the authorities about the man in this video . As of this moment , the world thinks you and Simcoe accidentally caused this blackout . What happens if they find out you were awake while it happened ? " So we 'll go no more a-roving , " so late into the night , " though the heart be still as loving " and the moon be still as bright . " For the sword outwears its sheath , " and the soul wears out the breast , and the heart must pause to breathe . She 'll be okay . We all will . I can 't believe dad is gone . We 'll go no more a-roving by the light of the moon . Okay . Well , I have to take care of the funeral home , but I 'll meet you back at the house . I won 't be long . It 's all right . It 's all right . This isn 't the way to the funeral home . Oh , you won 't be going there , Mr. Campos . What are you talking about ? I have instructions to deliver you to the lakeside heliport . From there you will be airlifted to your final destination . I 'm in the middle of my father 's funeral . What the hell is going on ? I don 't know . I just drive . This ticket is yours . My boss will be contacting you . Go , team . For Detroit , second baseman , number 17 ... Richie . I 've just about had enough . Who the hell is this ? You don 't get to ask questions here . You 've been part of this since you were 13 . We 've given you a lot of leeway . In fact , we haven 't asked much of you over the years . Truth be told , you 've had it kind of easy . So now we want you to do exactly what we say . Get to your seat . We 're running out of time . Sit down . There 's a tub of popcorn in front of you . Start eating . There 's a ring inside the box . Put it on . Put it on now . We 're running out of time . Attention , please . Now batting for Daniels ... number 9 . Yeah ? Now listen to my instructions . Walk into the nearest tunnel . Hello , son . What the hell is going on ? Give me the ring back . Follow me . Present day Mr. Campos ? I need you in bed , please . Now . Do you know how often I hear that ? Sit . What 's taking so long ? I was ready to leave six hours ago . You came in with a concussion , so we need to keep you in for observation . Oh , Betty . I never knew you cared . Betty ? My pediatrician growing up . You remind me of her . I had such a crush . Ready , sport ? Got your prescription filled at the pharmacy . Make sure you take all the doses . I do not need you as a bounce back . Yes , Betty . He is all yours . Hallelujah . The sheets are scratchy . The food is vile . I don 't like people watching me sleep . Is all this really necessary ? You were kidnapped and tortured . It 's for your own protection . Well , with all due respect , I can protect myself . With all due respect , you can 't . You are officially and indefinitely detained under investigation by the w.M.D. Directorate within the FBI 's national security branch . I volunteered my services . And we appreciate that , but from now on , we own you . Am I under arrest ? I don 't know . Have you broken any laws ? Not unless it 's illegal to be kidnapped in front of your own son , beaten half to death and held captive for a week , no . Well , I gotta hand it to him ... he found them . I 've already told the other agents everything I could remember . The guy 's a loose cannon . Loose cannon or not , mark managed to do what the rest of us couldn 't ... on his own . Janis is bringing Campos back here from the hospital . When she does , we need to start double-teaming these two , then compare their stories . I know I 'm supposed to feel pity for you , Mr. Simcoe , but considering the circumstances , excuse me if I don 't . You 've known all this time there was gonna be another blackout . Why didn 't you step forward ? I don 't know what you want me to tell you , agent benford . Let 's start with the truth . How about this ... 20 million people died , possibly precipitated by something I did . I have a vision in which a drunk man tells me another blackout is coming ... No further information , no context , no substantiation . Now you tell me ... under the circumstances , what do you expect me to do ? How about contact the authorities , give ' em a little heads-up ? What , like you did ? Why didn 't you come in here and tell your colleagues there was gonna be another blackout ? We 're talking about you here . Fine . April 29th ... the day of our visions . You called me , and considering where you were , you had to have had a damn good reason . I need to know your side of things , and right now you 're not telling me everything . Technically you 're not under arrest right now . Oh , good . Can I go then ? The day 's not over yet . When can I see Lloyd ? I need to talk to him alone . Are you just not listening to me ? You 're not doing anything alone . He 'll be in debriefings all day . Well , can I go home first , at least ? Dude , you live in a hotel . It 's got this amazing shower , and it sprays water on you in all directions . Oh , you have got . And the towels ... white , fluffy , warm . Are you serious ? Does that crap actually work on women ? My attempt is not to seduce but to disarm , in the physic sense . An unstable element transforms . I find that people are a little bit more honest when you . Disarm them . What 's going on ? I don 't know . Something 's weird . Something weird . Want some water or something ? No , I 'm okay . I 'm okay . You 're definitely not okay . Penicillin . You 're allergic ? Okay help ! - Anaphylactic . - Okay help ! Okay . Hold on . royal Toronto flight 67 from London is now arriving at gate 122 . Royal Toronto . Really ? Did you really think you could leave the country without being noticed ? " Country " is such a loose term . It 's Canada . Let 's go . Where are we going ? Gate d-12 . They 're holding a flight back to L.A. Look , I 'm tried of being told what to do , when to do it , being ... Being treated like a criminal ? Get used to it . You can 't make me go with you . Yeah , you 're right . I can 't . But they can . 24 hours in Toronto . That 's all I ask . - Come on . - Look , I 'm sorry about earlier . Really I am , but it 's important that I 'm here . More important than the global blackout ? Game over , Simon . There 's some personal stuff going on with my family . It 's ... it 's important . There 's some things going on . Listen , I 'm really sorry your sister ran away . I am . But we can 't just let you leave . How do you know about Annabelle ? Police reports . Your mom 's been writing to her in the personals section of " the globe and mail . You 're not the only one who 's good at their job . I said I would be here to help find her . Please . It 's important . - Wedeck . - It 's Janis , sir . - I 've got him . - Good . Now you get that squirrelly S.O.B.back here asap . Actually , d like to take a beat on that . I 'm listening . Well , he says he 's here because of his sister , but I think there 's more to it than that . This is just a hunch , but can I take 24 hours to play it out ? I 'll give you the night , but you make damn sure you put a leash on that dog . Do you hear me ? Yes . Good . It 's too tight . Oh , boohoo . It 's uncomfortable . Yeah , go further than 100 feet from me , and I 'll show you uncomfortable . Okay , hurry up . Put your clothes on before I change my mind . You police types ... all about power and intimidation . I could have done this with my trousers on , you know . Yeah , well , my intent was to destabilize . In the physics sense . Hurry up . Baby ! Oh , my God ! - What 's new ? - Oh , I 'm okay . I 'm okay . - You look awful . - Yes , I 'm all right . Mom , this is my friend Janis . Janis , these are my brothers ... Graham , Adam . All right , movie star . You should see the other guy . I was so proud to learn that Simon had joined the FBI . I expect he 's been very helpful . Yeah , he 's been very helpful . Hello ? Not now . Reporters ... still calling every day . They camped out on the lawn after the press conference . My Simon ... such a celebrity . So are you his secretary ? No . More of , uh , an associate , mom . After their father died , Annabelle was in shock . A few days later , the blackout hit . She left a note ... " too much sadness at home " drove her away . I drove her away . That 's not true . Don 't be so magniloquent . I don 't understand half of what he says , but he is a love ... Always looked out for his baby sister , comes home every month to help us look for her . Were you close ? She 's only 15 . I 'm gonna have a quick shower before we head out . Cool rocks . There 's a story behind them . He had a hard time when we first moved here . He was small for his age , and the neighborhood boys used to pick on him because of his accent . Well , he was older . He never lost it . And one day , they cornered him in the alley and beat him up bad . The head bully went to Sunday school ' round the corner . Simon marched right into the church and smashed the back of the kid 's head with a superman lunch box . He 'd filled it with them rocks , knocked the bully out cold . Those boys never bothered him again . Yeah , I 'll bet they didn 't . Simon 's always been a bit of an alien in this family ... smarter than all of us , different . But there 's one thing he gets from me ... one trait that tells me he 's definitely my son . Damn it . That boy never lets anyone push him around . He always gets even . Phillip ? It 's me , Simon . I know you 're there . I brought some sardines for Samantha from that fish market she likes . I also have a first-press 78 of " dark was the night , cold was the ground . It 's blind Willie Johnson , Phillip . Simon Campos . Where the hell did you find a first-press 78 ? Hey ? Ah you know , this song was , uh , sent into space on the " voyager " spacecraft ? If extraterrestrials have actually listened to it , they 're gonna think we 're a lot cooler than we really are . Why are you here , Simon ? Ah , oh , ooh mm I see the welsh archers have moved into their flanking position . Has Henry made his speech yet ? Oh , yeah . This story the good man shall teach his son , " and crispin crispian shall ne 'er go by from this day to the ending of the world . But we in it ... we few , we happy few . " We few , we happy few , we band ... " " we band of brothers . What ? I like Shakespeare . Seriously , did you honestly think the FBI wasn 't gonna check your cell phone records ? So what 's it been ... like , ten calls he 's made to you in the past couple of weeks ? Give or take . Well , whatever it is you have to say , it 's gotta be important enough for you to lie , manipulate and evade the FBI , so please . Continue . That was quite a press conference , huh ? Might have set particle physics research back a hundred years . Phillip , you are the only professor I have ever had who I know is smarter than I am . Do you think a particle accelerator could have generated some sort of . Decoherence wave ? Well , if your experiments at N.L.A.P. Unleashed a tachyon burst , then yes , without a doubt , it could have caused human consciousness to flash forward in time as the wave moved through . So tell me , how would we build something to keep us in the here and now ? It 's impossible . No , it 's got to be possible . We have to anchor consciousness if another wave happens . It 's simply a matter of finding a way . Simon ... we have to protect ourselves from the effects of another blackout . Now there is nothing I can do about the 20 million who died on October 6th . Please help me save the millions who will die if this happens again . So in plain English , what exactly were you two talking about ? The design that I created that showed up in Somalia ... Phillip was my advisor on it . He mentored me all through my PhD . The man 's a genius . I need answers . Let 's just say the FBI doesn 't work at the speed I 'm accustomed to . Some might say that speaks to control issues . Some might , yeah . My therapist says control issues are rooted in fear . Your therapist is right . This is a gray area , and it terrifies me . This is nice . I eat a lot of takeout at my desk . Alone . Oh , that 's sad , love ... pretty girl like you . No boyfriend , no kids ? I 'll get it , mom . Oh , thanks , love . Gotta watch that back . Thank you . You 're welcome . I don 't care about any big science job or the fact that he 's all over the TV . He 's still my baby , you know ? I remember kissing his scraped knees like it were yesterday . Motherhood 's crazy like that . Simon , be a dear and get that ? It 's a surprise ... their Uncle Teddy . Uncle Teddy . Simon , when I heard you were kidnapped , I was so worried . Thank God you 're okay . It 's a wonderful Côtes Du Rhône from Saint-Gervais . Teddy 's always bringing us exotic wines back from his travels . Easy now . There are only 15 more bottles on the planet . I 'm self-medicatin ' . Um , so are you two brother and sister ? Technically , I 'm a very distant cousin . Teddy 's the reason we moved to Canada . Really ? Actually , Simon 's the reason . The kid 's I.Q.Scores were off the charts , yet he was failing all his classes ... bored , obviously . We wanted to make sure his exceptional potential didn 't go to waste . He started at university of Toronto when he was only 13 . And that was followed by the youth physics fellowship , the PhD , the post-op at N.L.A.P ... . Post-doc , not post-op . Can we dispense with the " this is your life " episode , please ? You know , never took time out to have kids of my own . They 're such blessings . Do you regret it ? Nah . I 've got these guys . I could never repay what they 've given me ... school plays , hockey games , birthday parties ... - shut up - Simon . Everything I 've learned about family I 've learned at this table . Pay no attention . Th is all a charade . What is your problem ? It 's all right . Red wine makes him mean . His father was like that , too . How dare you bring him up ? You have no right . You were brought here to witness an experiment that will change humanity for l time ... An experiment that could not have been conducted without you . The only thing I 've worked on in the past year has ... at N.L.A.P. The experiment that occurred exactly 1 minute and 47 seconds ago . What have you done ? Probably killed millions of people . We expect backlash against those ultimately found responsible . What a coincidence that your father passed away st when we needed to create an alibi for you . Some kind of hunting accident , wasn 't it ? A private plane will take you back to Toronto now . The FAA will not have a record of the flight . One more thing . When people ask you what you saw in your flash-forward , make up a story and stick to it . Hear that ? That is the sound of the whole world waking up . Mr. flosso has a plan for every thought you 're thinking . A hunting accident . You gotta be careful with those shotguns . Handle them wrong and kaboom ... You killed him . You killed my father . Now I got my killer story . Hello ? Oh , my God . Come quick ! It 's your sister Annabelle ! No way . Where is she ? Simon ... that call , it 's not for you . This is FBI Agent Janis Hawk , badge number 3-0-9-8-1-7 . I need to trace a call . - Quick ! - Everyone , hi , I 'm okay . Where are you , baby ? I 'm in New York at port authority . I have a bus ticket . I want to come home . I want to come home ... I love you . Why are you doing this ? You 've been accepting our help for 20 years . Surely you didn 't think that it came without a price . You asked me to give you data , to tell you when we were running the experiment . That 's all . Killing my father , taking Annabelle ... That was never part of the deal . The deal is whatever we say it is , and right now we need you to cooperate . Annabelle is just insurance . Let 's go for a little walk , shall we ? It was the ring that kept me awake , wasn 't it ? Some sort of quantum entanglement device . What do I know ? I 'm just a middleman . I think you do know . What I 'm still trying to work out is why you would cause a blackout in the first place . It doesn 't matter . What does is that you continue doing what you 're told . And don 't think your professor can help . You killed him . This is your last warning . Cross us again and we 'll start shipping Annabelle back to you piece by piece . No . I 'm calling your bluff . You need me . Otherwise , I wouldn 't be alive right now . I want to talk to the people pulling the strings . That 's not gonna happen . See , I think it will , ' cause I 'm sending them a message , and the message ... is you . You have no idea what you 're doing ! Sure I do . I 'm cutting out the middleman . Too bad about your emphysema . It 's gonna make this oh ... So easy . Your cardiac output is starving your heart and brain of valuable oxygen . Finally ... Cardiac arrest . The bruises on your chest just my futile attempt at CPR . This is for my father , you pathetic son of a bitch . I never get pushed around ... And I always get even . Sub Fixed by Ikati ...
