 This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the system . We are going to survive . We are going to make it home . The ship came here for a reason . Destiny is powered by the stars themselves . He and Young are bumping heads . Not sure which camp is the better choice . We pretend nothing happened . We need to be ready for the next encounter . For the sake of the crew . For the sake of the crew . What do you got , Lucian Alliance ? That would be my guess . They haven 't introduced themselves . Any word on how they gained intel on our base ? Casualties ? 12 . 80-plus MIA . I 'm pregnant . It 's yours . Ours . I know that we 've had our differences in the past . It was my duty to express concern for how everyone else felt about you . I 've never even met your wife . Telford , you connected with him . Was it a residual memory of his that transferred to my subconscious ? I would think you 'd be doing everything to get these people home , to get yourself home , back to your wife . And I know you 're still sleeping with her . You 're up late . I had a very interesting dream . Everyone thinks theirs are interesting . Nobody else cares . You 're going to care about this one . I 'm outside a warehouse , on Earth . There 's birds ... At least I can hear them . Seagulls , I think . I 'm at some kind of meeting . There 's four or five people there . - Who ? - I don 't know . But I 'm giving them information . Reports . Files . I 'm talking about Icarus . In detail . Who were they ? I don 't know ... They had a Goa 'uld cargo ship . The Lucian Alliance on Earth ? I can only guess . You were the spy who leaked everything about Icarus to the Lucian Alliance ? - It wasn 't me . - What are you talking about ? On the way back to the car , I seen my reflection . It was Colonel Telford . I was Colonel Telford . Rush switched with him two days ago . The only reason I am telling you is because you are the only person who 's ever experienced this kind of bleed-through memory after using the stones . It was just that once , Sir . Certainly nothing like that . Thanks , Lieutenant . All right , look , Sir , I understand that you have your issues with Colonel Telford , - but you cannot ... - Sit down . Before he was assigned to Icarus , Telford spent a year undercover , infiltrating the alliance . You really think he would turn ? Eight months into his assignment , there was an attack on a planet that we had a large team working on , P2S 569 . 37 people were killed . Now , we later found out that Telford knew about the attack , and decided to do nothing . In order to protect his cover . That 's what he said . Stargate Command let him off the hook , and everything was swept under the carpet . But now ... Sir , there 's got to be more to it than that . We know that the Goa 'uld had brainwashing technology , could make a man turn against his mother . It is possible that the alliance now has that capability . If they do , Sir , then we can 't trust anyone . We were just going over some of the data we found when ... Take a break , Eli . Secrets , you two ... Please , go . So I talked to Scott . He doesn 't remember anything like your dream . We have to do something . Agreed . Telford 's still on active rotation with the stones , yeah ? He 's due to make a connection in a couple of days with Dr. Morrison . - What if I take Morrison 's place ? - And do what ? Make contact with the alliance . It 's risky . It 's a pretty good disguise , being inside someone else 's body . - I 'll go . - That would be a mistake . - Why 's that ? - I had the dream . There 's still elements I 'm trying to piece together . For example , there 's a number , 314 . Now , I know it 's significant , but I don 't know why . If I 'm there , in Telford 's environment , then ... - You 're not trained for this . - Who is ? I 'll just have to do my best . If Stargate Command is this badly compromised , I can 't tell anyone what you 're up to , do you understand ? Once you are on Earth , you are on your own , no back-up ... I get it . Someone has to stop this guy . He can 't be allowed to continue . The alliance probably already know more about this ship than we do . - Not much . - I wouldn 't underestimate them . I 'm not . - I need a minute . - That 's about all I got . Did you bump Dr. Morrison from his spot on the communication stones ? Without consulting me ? Any particular reason ? You care to enlighten me ? With everything that we have been through , you really want to do this ? I 've got good reason not to tell you , or I would . You 're going to have to trust me . Welcome back . I 'm staff Sergeant Graham . I 'll be your escort . Right . I want to talk to Colonel Young , now . He is busy at the moment , Sir , but he said he 'd come see you shortly . Why was I connected with Dr. Rush ? That wasn 't part of the schedule . Sorry . It was unavoidable . Why ? Dr. Rush had to consult with some people regarding some technical problems . You 're a terrible liar , Lieutenant . I 'd like some fatigues . No problem . This way , Sir . I need to speak to General O 'Neill . And you are ? Colonel Everett Young , authentication 1619414 . It 's urgent . Everett , I 'll have you know I 'm missing a national security briefing for this . Sorry about that , Sir . If you 'd ever been to one , you wouldn 't say that . - What 's up ? - It 's Dr. Rush . He 's in the body of Colonel Telford . Probably hasn 't even left the building . - So ? - We need to put a tail on him . - He 's got an escort . - He 'll ditch the escort . We should let him do it , then follow him . Why ? He 's about to make contact with the Lucian Alliance . I didn 't know you could sew . I can 't . Not really . I hope it doesn 't fall apart . It 's beautiful , thank you . Open this one . Can we talk to you for a second ? You made this yourself ? If it 's a girl , I can make something else . No , It 's perfect ! - What 's going on ? - We 're hoping you could tell us . About Rush ? Going back to Earth on the stones ? I 'm sure there 's a good reason . - That 's what we 're afraid of . - They didn 't say anything to you ? Young came in to talk to him the other day ... - They did kick me out . - We heard Young went , too . He did ? He 's there right now . Something 's definitely going on . Camile , if I could have a moment of your time , please ? - Were you aware of the change ... - We could check those ... Control interface room ... I could meet you guys at the ... I believe you 've witnessed this brainwashing technology . That 's true . I recommend we keep the number of people we bring in on this to a minimum . Thank you , Colonel , for stating the obvious . You took a bit of a chance by telling me , didn 't you ? I had to , Sir . Rush was asking for a free pass . An unscheduled , unauthorized visit to Earth . The sort of thing he might do if he was the mole himself . If he 's the mole , why would he be trying to frame Telford at this point ? - I can 't answer that , Sir . - And if he 's telling the truth ? Hopefully he 'll still be able to lead us to the alliance . And not lose his life . I 've quite a few personal things to attend to . - I 'll be a few minutes . - Not to worry . I came prepared . So , do you know what they 're going to do to Rush ? They didn 't let me know . They 're trying to keep me out of the loop . It 's not ... Where have you been ? It 's nice to see you too . Come with me . We have some things to discuss . Do we ? Privately . We haven 't seen you in a while , Colonel . I hope everything is well . - I 've been on assignment . - Of course . I 'll give you some privacy . Yeah , this is Telford . I have some new information . We have to meet . Stand by for instructions . Get in . - You 're allowing alcohol onboard now ? - I doubt I could stop it . So I can report your command of this ship is solid as ever , then ? I am doing my best to make it work . - Why did I connect with Rush ? - Oh , we 'll get to that . I think we need to clear the air a little bit . Have another . I 'm on duty . You 're on duty . We 're both a billion light years away from the nearest disciplinary hearing . So , what , you afraid of what you might say ? I don 't have anything to hide , from you or anyone else . Is that so ? I could 've brought you up on charges . You should just thank me and let it go . Well , I think we both know that you don 't want the details of that little incident getting out any more than I do . You cheated on your wife , and she moved on . End of story . You took advantage to get back at me on a personal level . You were sleeping with an officer under your command ! I mean , look at you , Everett . You 're a disgrace . But I 'm here , right ? And that 's ... That 's what 's killing you , isn 't it ? Because this was supposed to be your prize . Your reward for all that hard work . An entire year living with those criminals , thieves , murderers , pretending to be one of them , I mean , that 's got to take its toll . I 'm not doing this again . The man I used to know would not let 37 people die to cover his own ass . What changed ? What happened to you , David ? Thanks for the drink . What are we doing ? We 're waiting , what else ? Daniel , come in . Do you read ? What is it ? Carter says they 're using some kind of jamming device . We can 't get a lock on anyone in the area . - What 's your status ? - They 've stopped . Looks like we 're waiting on someone . Well , ground assault is standing by . They 'll move when you call it . Hang on . Who are you ? - Sorry , I don 't know what you mean . - All right . Who am I ? Whoever you are , you must be using the Ancient communication stones . - What are you talking about ? - You failed to use the proper code . Telford would never make such a mistake . His cover 's blown . Move in . Move in now . They have a ship . Go ! Go ! We 're too late . You okay ? I 'm fine . What chance does this baby have of ever living a normal life ? What 's normal anyway ? I don 't know , but I don 't think it 's this . Look , I know right now it seems impossible that we will ever make it back . But I also know that since we 've been here , it seems like we 're averaging about five impossible things a week . So why assume the worst ? Look , at the very least , there are a lot of people here who are going to care about that baby . That 's something . We are all going to help you . Thanks , Chloe . Come here . According to our intelligence , her name is Kiva . She 's the daughter of a Lucian Alliance warlord named Massin . One of the higher-ups . Powerful and brutal . That intel come from Telford ? At least we know who the mole is , eh ? There 's an easy way to end this . We cut the connection on the stones . They get Telford back , we 're no closer to figuring out what they 're up to . - Dr. Rush 's life is in danger . - He volunteered . He knew the risks . That ship slipped past our sensors . We have no idea where it 's going . Telford might , and he may know more . I 'm just asking for the chance to get it out of him . He still has rights , doesn 't he ? He didn 't say how he was going to do it . With all due respect , you and I both know the people who made the rules were not prepared for this . I 'm sorry . I know that really hurts . Well , I suppose it was worth it . I had to make it look good . Of course I didn 't give them the code on purpose . - I 'm not a complete idiot . - On purpose ? What are you talking about ? They were getting suspicious . I was beginning to have concerns about that myself . Well , that 's why I had to come in . I wasn 't sure whether I was being followed . I figured if they thought I was being taken by force , it might help us salvage something from this operation . Nice try . You almost managed to make that sound convincing . Well , it sounds convincing because it 's true . If you really are colonel Telford , you 'll know my name . It 's Kiva . Good . Next question . What 's yours ? A spy ? A Lucian Alliance spy ? You are so desperate to get back at me that you would say or do anything . We have proof . Oh , come on , Everett , this is all about me and Emily . How do you think I found out about that ? You switched bodies with Scott , do you remember that ? He 's the one who told me . He saw it , in his mind , a vision . Call it residual memory , whatever you want . It seems that every time you use the stones , you leave a little something behind . Maybe ... Maybe that 's guilt . Maybe , deep down inside , you want the truth to come out . - You 're insane . - Well , you 've already confessed . You just won 't admit it . We 'll let him sweat a while . Give me a shot , sir . Won 't take long . Appreciate the enthusiasm , Sergeant . Not yet . I would really prefer not to have to do this . I wish I had time to convince you that I 'm not what you think I am . And what 's that ? I 'm a reasonable person just trying to do what 's right for my people . You make a terrible first impression . We have brainwashing technologies . I could try those , but I 'm not sure what they 'd do under the circumstances , with your consciousness in somebody else 's body . Unfortunately , I 've learned one thing about torture over the years . It 's ... effective . Barbaric , I know , and I hate lowering myself to this level , but I need to know who you are , and beyond that , whether or not you 're any use to me . Has he been given any food or water ? Open it . - Maybe I should go in there with you ... - That will not be necessary . This is on me , only me . Open it . You can 't keep me in here forever . No one 's pulling the plug on the stones , so ... Why don 't you just admit what you did , and we can move on ? I want to talk to Scott . I have a right to face my accuser . This didn 't come from Scott . You switched with Rush , remember ? Rush ? This is coming from Rush ? At first , I didn 't believe him either . I figured I 'd give enough rope to hang himself , but guess what ? That didn 't happen . What 's that ? Airman Dunning brought it along with his personal effects . Do you recognize them ? They were all stationed on Icarus . The fire suppression team . They got trapped during the attack when a corridor collapsed . They all burned alive , every last one of them . You take a good look . Take a look . I want you to look at their faces , because you killed them . You killed them as if you 'd doused them with gasoline and lit the match , and they weren 't the only ones . So we know that you are a traitor and a murder . Now we know you 're a coward , too . All right , that 's enough ! Stand down , Sergeant ! I said stand down ! Get out , both of you ! Get out ! So ... Where were we ? This will eventually kill you . You 'll be killing Telford too . That might just work out for the best given that he 's been compromised . I have a full rundown of the personnel aboard Destiny , and I doubt very much that civilians or the scientists would have endured this , so the question is whether or not Colonel Young would have put himself in this situation , or ... send his first Lieutenant , Scott ? How do you know I 'm someone aboard Destiny ? That 's a fair question . You can make this stop . If I answer your question , you 're going to kill me . Either way I 'm dead . I won 't . You have my word . You have nothing to lose . I 'm Dr. Nicholas Rush . I want this connection cut and go back to my own body . No , you don 't . You go back now , your friends at the Alliance won 't be happy . - I don 't have friends in the Alliance . - Not anymore you don 't . Your only hope is with us . You come clean now , I will help you . I am not a spy , Everett ! How many times do I have to tell you ? Recognize it ? Should I ? It 's your work . To do with dialing the ninth chevron that leads to Destiny . These readings ... Similar Naquadria deposits . We had some issues adapting the equations , there should be enough power to get us there . You 've found another Icarus planet . Let 's talk about the outpost . P2S 569 . We 've been through this . I was cleared of any wrongdoing . 'Cause they didn 't have all the facts . I couldn 't blow my cover . I didn 't have a choice ! Remember that little combat engineer ? She used to follow you around like a puppy . She was hit in the first blast . Right arm severed at the shoulder . She 's screaming , yelling , begging me to help her . All I could do was watch her bleed to death in the dirt . It wasn 't my fault . Now , we already know you did it , but it 's possible you 're not responsible . What are you talking about ? Think about it . Think about it . Why is it that the memory transfer happens only with you and only you and no one else when they use the stones ? They messed with your head , David . They made you think you were one of them , and you 're not . That 's not you . Now , we can help you . We can bring you back . But I need you to take the first step . You tell us where they 're taking Rush . Tell me . We 've replicated it as best we could . Olan ! Meet Dr. Rush . Olan is one of our lead scientists working on the project . Your work is impressive . It was nothing , really . When I found out that you were on your way ... We 're all very excited to have Dr. Rush 's full cooperation . Maybe now we 'll actually make a connection . As you can see , we 've procured some familiar technology . It was necessary to implement your methods . I trust it will suffice ? I 'll leave you to your work . The figures for these Naquadria deposits are correct , yes ? Yes . 'Cause if they 're out even by a fraction ... We spent months doing a detailed orbital survey . We mapped every deposit down to the last vein . All right , then , I 'm done . Really ? It 's not that difficult when you know what you 're doing . - But ... - I 'm kidding . This is probably going to take some time . Of course . Quite possibly the rest of my life ... There 's a lot of talk around the ship about what 's going on in that room . This is a military matter , ma 'am . It doesn 't concern you . That 's the kind of talk that forced us to try and take control of this ship before . Do you want the rumors to spread , or do you want to do something about it ? It 'll be over soon enough , that is all you need to know . See , that 's the wrong answer . Come on , Lieutenant . Something tells me you do not want this on your conscience . Better be careful . Whatever it is , we all have to live with it . I need to communicate with Stargate Command . - Do we let him out ... - Nobody in or out . That is an order . I want to talk to him . Progress ? None yet . You must be joking . You 're stalling . If you want to blow yourselves up , you go right ahead . You along with us . This is going to take time , and I don 't just mean a few hours . But Olan said we 've been close for months now . I assumed that with your help , we 'd be able to ... With all due respect to Olan here , his work is shoddy at best . Sorry , you 're just going to have to trust me . The whole thing 's a bloody mess . I may have to start from scratch . You call yourself reasonable ? I am . You said he was incompetent . I was stalling . Right . I shouldn 't have to demonstrate how important this is to me . To all of us , Dr. Rush . No more chances . Now what 's happening ? We 're not sure . Young 's been back and forth on the stones all day . Looks like this time he brought someone back with him . Who is it ? Welcome to the Destiny , General . Corporal ? Sorry about that , sir . This way . Who 's this ? It 's really him . Let 's say it 's true . I 'm being held without charge . I 've been denied counsel . - And one of his men attacked me . - David , he knows . He authorized it . Maybe not that last part there . This is what I 've been trying to tell you . Time to come clean , son . We need to know where they 've taken Rush . You checked out that gate address I gave you ? Dead end . You didn 't think I 'd give you anything real , did you ? You should see your face . You look so surprised . Actually , I 'm disappointed . I was actually holding out hope that it might not be true , that there was some other explanation . It doesn 't matter . You can 't stop it . Stop ... What ? Here you go . I wouldn 't say it was good . What 's it like ? We 've heard descriptions , but what 's it like being there ? On Destiny ? You 've flown around in space ships before . Not an Ancient ship . Not that far out into the unknown universe . It 's a rust bucket , what can I tell you ? I can 't wait to see it for myself . What if I can 't do it ? What if we just fail to make a connection ? Kiva promised she wouldn 't kill you . Her word is good . I 'll have to kill you myself . You think I was brainwashed ? I came to my senses . We freed billions of people from thousands of years of slavery all over our galaxy . Then we patted ourselves on the back , we left them with no means for survival . What did we think was going to happen ? - This isn 't you , David . - Wake up , Everett ! You think the Lucian Alliance are just a bunch of criminals ? Who made us judge and jury ? People will do what they have to do to survive . You should know that by now . We take whatever we want . We do whatever is good for us regardless of the impact on other planets ! What makes us so special ? I know what makes me special . This is not our ship . It wasn 't intended for us . Where are they taking Rush ? It was supposed to be for the benefit of all mankind . He 's more far gone than I thought , General . I 've heard enough . Probably take it to the next level . Go ahead and do what you need to do . Communications room , this is Young . Please cut the General 's connection . Dismissed , Corporal . This has gone on long enough . You have to cut the connection . I can 't . Dr. Rush 's life is in danger . That 's more important than getting intel on the Lucian Alliance ! I just thought maybe we 'd be better off if she knew . This is Young . This is Brody . Bring up the life support controls for this section . I got it . Begin venting the atmosphere in Colonel Telford 's quarters now . Say again ? Begin venting Colonel Telford 's quarters now . - What the hell are you doing ? - Camile , stay out of this . He can 't do this ! David , can you hear me ? It 's got to be a bluff . To scare him . You can 't ... I 'm venting the atmosphere in your room ! You 've got five minutes before you die of suffocation . Your only hope is to tell me the location of the Alliance base . You 're bluffing ! - Kill me , and you kill Rush ! - I know . But right now , I 'm thinking of the greater good . What 's it going to be ? Open this damn door ! We both know you 're not going to kill me .
