 You 're nearly die when you were a boy . Previously on Fringe ... I became consumed by saving you . I don 't remember any of that . I can 't let Peter die again . What did you mean by that ? I designed a device intended to cross the time-space continuum and retrieve my dying son . Walter , I gotta tell Peter the truth . Things have never been better between us . I can 't lose him again . I can 't ! Give me time to prepare . Please . Any change ? Excuse me , ma 'am . Do you have any spare change ? Thank you . God bless you . Excuse me , sir . Do you have any spare change ? - No , I 'm sorry . - Anything you can manage , sir . Thank you . God bless you anyway , sir . Spare change ? Oh , god . No , please ! Let me outta here ! Help ! Let me outta here ! _ . • ´ ¯ ¯ LIAISON ¯ ¯ ` • . _ ¯ ` • . _ _ Team _ _ . • ´ ¯ Retrouvez-nous chaque semaine ... pour découvrir les énigmes de Saison 2 Épisode 18 - White Tulip - Bon épisode ... Leave a message . It 's Peter . Pick up . Walter . It 's Peter . Your son , Peter . Come on , Walter . Pick up the phone . Walter , pick up the receiver , and hit the square black button next to the red flashing light . You remember ? All right , fine . When you get this , Get your kit together . I got off the phone with Olivia . There was an incident on a train . I know how much you love trains . Thought it might cheer you up . Be home to pick you up in 15 minutes , all right ? Have you noticed anything weird ? Not yet , but give it ten minutes . I was actually talking about Walter . - Hello . I 'm Dr. Walter Bishop . - He 's been avoiding me all week . He didn 't even look at me on the car ride over here . He 's stopped eating . I got him a new box of peak freans . He hasn 't even opened it . Did he say something ? All week it feels like he 's been enveloped in this ... sadness . I haven 't noticed anything . Sir . - What are you doing ? - I 'm checking their underwear . - Their underwear ? - I 'm sure you 're familiar that with sudden death victims often experience a sudden bladder release of urine , and sometimes excrement . Get off this train . He 's with me . Thank you . I don 't know what happened to these people , Agent Dunham . My first guess is collective heart failure . You think these people died from having a heart attack at the same time ? Perhaps it was sympathetic . Contagious , like yawning . Come on , Walter . You really believe that ? Does your theory suggest why all the lights would be out in this car ? There should be battery backup . Unless it wasn 't serviced properly . He crossed paths with the man as he entered the train car . Six foot , brown hair , wearing a trench coat . He 's sure that he saw him coming out of this train car . The man didn 't speak to him or acknowledge him . He just exited down the stairs of the platform . Did we pick him up on surveillance ? I 'm waiting to get word if they can pull him on any footage . Hey , Rod . Found this over there . Oh , my god . Excuse me , gentlemen . That 's mine . Thank you . All the batteries are dead . It 's not just the lights that went out . This is her cell phone , but they 're all dead . All the cell phones , laptops , mp3 players . - They 're completely drained of power . - Any theories , Dr. Bishop ? Except my initial theory of collective heart failure is probably incorrect . I 'll need to take some of these bodies back to the lab . Six or seven should suffice . We have an image from the platform cameras . Who is this guy ? And how did he kill everything on this train ? This is unusual . Dying organisms struggle for their last breath , but these people appear as if their switches have simply been turned off . - How 's it coming in here ? - Hi , Peter . Not very good . Take samples of this man 's lung , brain , and skin . - Something 's not right here . - I think it 's my paycheck . I 'm sure you 're gonna make sense out of it . What 's going on with you ? Is there something wrong ? Something you wanna talk about ? Everything 's fine . Astro , show me those previous cellular samples , please . That 's extraordinary . The ATP concentrations are unusually low . Cellular process should continue for hours , even after death , but this man 's mitochondria seems to have ceased functioning well before it should . What do you say I take samples of the rest and see if there 's a trend ? So what are you saying , Walter ? That something was able to reach inside of these people 's mitochondria and just ... Drain them , like the batteries in all of the electrical devices on the train . It wasn 't just their hearts that stopped beating . It was every cell in their bodies . What do you think could possibly do something like that ? I have no idea . 20 years ago a person walking through Boston for two hours showed up on an average of ten different surveillance cameras . Now , it 's hundreds . Bad for privacy , but good for us . I 've asked them to output each source to a different monitor . Give us a sense of the route our suspect took . Play it . He exits the train station , crossing Ferris Ave . , continuing north . This is from the bank on Howard Street . Coming around the corner . There , he enters a café . He spent almost 45 minutes inside , then left the establishment . The guy kills a train full of people and then stops for a meal ? And the trail goes cold there . Once he left the cafe , we couldn 't locate him on any other cameras . But we have a place to start . Café Wilusa . He was here this morning . He comes in all the time . Weird guy . Weird how ? Well , he always draws on stuff , Like the napkins and the placemats . - What sort of stuff does he draw ? - Some kind of math , I think . To be honest , my higher math ends at calculating my tip , so ... - Does he ever pay with a credit card ? - Sometimes he does . Here . This is him . Alistair Peck . Thank you . This will really help . Clear ! Clear ! Clear . Send the Bishops up , please . These mathematical formulae are extraordinarily complex . Physicists use diagrams like these to shorthand ideas about how subatomic particles behave . These are sublime . This may explain his flourish for numerical wallpapering . Astrophysics . He teaches at MIT . If I comprehend this correctly , then this ... Alistair Peck has taken Einstein 's theory of relativity and turned it on its ear . I grasp portions of it , tachyons are depicted here , but I fail to see their relevance . However , it does confirm that Dr. Peck was dealing with tremendous energy to do ... Whatever it is he 's doing . What are you doing with my things ? Peck is here , he 's downstairs . He just walked in of the street . I guess that explains what all the surgical tools were for . What did you do to the people on that train ? 12 innocent people . Those people aren 't dead , miss . Not permanently . Of course they 're dead . But they soon won 't be . Although , others soon will be , I 'm afraid . Dr. Peck , I want you to lie down on the ground now . Don 't take my computations . They 're meaningless to you . It is well within my ability to make it so that you are never in possession of the things I require . You 've implanted a faraday mesh . - What are you talking about , Walter ? - A shield , to create a temporal pocket around your body . - Of course . - Of course , what ? - Why would he need a temporal pocket ? - That 's fantastic . Dr. Peck , what are you doing ? Dr. Peck ? - Walter , what 's happening ? - Get down ! I said get down on the ground ! Spare change ? I 'm sorry you have to go through this again . Leave a message . Walter . It 's Peter . Your son , Peter . All right , fine . When you get this , I want you to get your kit together . I just got off the phone with Olivia . There was an incident on a train and I know how much you love trains . Thought it might cheer you up . I 'm coming home to pick you up in 15 minutes , all right ? Have you noticed anything weird ? Not yet , but give it ten minutes . I was actually talking about Walter . Excuse me . I 'm Dr. Walter Bishop . - Is this the car ? - Right over there . Must be the car . Here 's the initial report . You think these people died from having a heart attack at the same time ? Perhaps it was sympathetic . Contagious , like yawning . Does your theory suggest why all the lights would be out in this car ? There should be battery backup . Unless it wasn 't serviced properly . I 'll need to take some of these bodies back to the lab . Six or seven should suffice . He crossed paths with the suspect as he entered the train car . He says the man was in a raincoat . Six foot , brown hair . Says he touched the rail . We 're dusting for prints . Hi there . The man from the train Did he say something to you ? What did he say ? " I 'm sorry you have to go through this again . " Again ? And what then ? He stepped off the stairs and walked away . Agent Broyles , Agent Dunham . All the batteries are dead . All the cell phones , laptops , they 're completely drained of power . Hey , Rod . Look , I found this on the floor over there . Oh , my God . Oh , thank you , thank you ! - That , that 's mine . - He found it on the floor up there . Thank you . The mitochondria were depleted ? Yep , completely drained . They didn 't die of a heart attack , but completely drained of biological energy . - Just like their phone batteries . - Pretty much . How is the question . Walter 's still working on it . I 'll let you know if he finds out anything else . We managed to ID the print we lifted off the train car railing . We got lucky . They matched a set NASA has on file . Dr. Alistair Peck . What did he do in NASA ? He was classified as part of a think tank . We don 't know much more than that , yet . Well , we know that he lives here . 412 Inman Street . Send the Bishops up , please . Mr. Peck may have done project work for NASA , But he 's employed locally . Astrophysics . He teaches at MIT What ? I 'm having deja vu . I read that deja vu is fate 's way of telling you that you 're exactly where you 're supposed to be . That 's why you feel like you 've been there before . You are right in line with you 're own destiny . Well , do you believe that ? No , it 's a bit mystical for my taste . I never get them , myself . Maybe that 's ' cause I 'm not on track with my own destiny . Look at this . What is it ? A photo album . But who are you ? What 's your name ? Well , one of them is bound to be back sooner or later . Hopefully sooner . Shall we go home now ? I 'm tired of waiting . Olivia ... Might I come with you ? In your car ? I can 't drive home with him . I can 't look at him . Walter , you can 't keep doing this . Peter knows that something 's upsetting you . I 've written him a letter . Instead of me stammering in fits and starts , a letter is more concise . It explains everything in just the right words . Except that every time I think I 'm ready to tell him , I ... envision his reaction when he reads it And I run the scene in my mind again and again . And every time , the outcome is ... terrible . But I will do it . But first ... There 's something I 'm waiting for , Agent Dunham . Something important . Hey , guys , check this out . Templates . Forms . - What are they for ? - They 're used to cast machine parts , - but these look like they were handmade . - This one is dated several months ago , This one even earlier . He refers to them as ... prototypes . But prototypes for what ? Alistair Peck was a professor here for six years . His focus ... obsession , was particle acceleration . Creating wormholes without a particle collider . Are you saying that Dr. Peck 's area of expertise was time travel ? He kept cranking out theories , and every one of them was over our heads . That must have been frustrating for his superiors . Embarrassing is a better classification . They wanted to fire Alistair but he saved them the trouble and left , about a year ago . Is this his wife ? Ah , the fiancée . Her name is Arlette . - Do you remember her last name ? - I don 't recall , no . Do you know any other friends he might have had ? - People he knew ? - That 's the sad thing . He was kind to everyone , but he never socialized . I think I was his only friend . Well , anything that you can remember about Mr. Peck , it could be important . Alistair sent me these about six months ago to proofread . - He had hopes of seeing them published . - Can we take them ? They 're only gathering dust here . They are pretty dense . Most 'd say it 's gobbledygook . Well , I happen to know someone who 's fluent in gobbledygook . I 'm finished . In another 20 years , with the assistance of some other great minds , I will have absorbed this information . Alistair Peck has conceived of some extraordinary theories and is possibly implementing them . Meaning what ? He may well be able to travel through time . Conceivably . Einstein himself theorized this . 10 : 00 a.m ... 11 : 00 a.m. He said that if something could propel an object faster than the speed of light , Then time would appear to bend . When those two folds ... connect a tremendous amount of energy is required to absorb - the jump . - From any power source . - So the laptops , the phones ... - And anyone who was near him . You 're saying that Peck 's moving through time is what killed all of these people on the train . That is my theory , yes , and Olivia , if it is right , then we may well have apprehended this man already . Possibly several times . I found his fiancee . The car in one of the photo album pictures is registered to an Arlette Turling . Her license information is coming through . That 's her . Find whatever you can . She 's our only connection to Peck . Third volume is unfinished . There 's a handwritten segment at the back , Then the writing stops . The unfinished chapter is entitled " achieving the Arlette principle . " What 'd you just say ? " Achieving the Arlette principle . " I think I know why Peck is doing this . Arlette Turling was killed in a car accident ten months ago . On the 18th of may . What if Alistair Peck is going back to save her ? Grief can drive people to extraordinary lengths . Considering the amount of energy that was drawn when he landed at the station this morning , using Peck 's own theories , I estimate that we witnessed just a 12-hour jump . 10-month jump ... The results would be devastating . - How many casualties ? - It would depend where he landed . Hundreds . This is weird . I did a search for Peck 's cell phone when we first ID 'd him as a suspect . He didn 't have one , but Arlette 's number is still active . Someone 's paying the bill . Now , in the past 24 hours , the primary cell tower that 's been handling the signal from Arlette 's cell phone is a tower near - Albany street . - What 's near Albany street ? MIT . What 's he doing at MIT ? The professor said that she hadn 't seen him - for almost a year . - Walter has a lab here , maybe Peck has a lab there . According to the files , the lab registered to Peck when he was a professor here was lab 107 . Are there any windows in that lab ? Get your men on the rooftops . Are those guns really necessary ? You okay ? Want me to take you back home ? No , Peter , no , Stay there . If we are correct , for Peck , this is about bringing a dead loved one back to life , then Peck and I , we have something in common . Let me speak to him . Of course I know that killing him is the only way to ensure that he won 't jump , but if I could talk to him , I think I can convince him to stop this . Please . Let 's talk to Broyles . Wait . I am not a threat . I am an ambassador . I know who you are . You 're dr . Walter bishop . I 've read you . " New frontiers in genetic hybridization . " And I know that if you wanted to , you could disappear from here in a second . Please , trust me . You and I both know they are certain things we take for granted , the laws of nature for example , that are not necessarily binding . There are places on this earth where two plus two most definitely does not equal four . You 've figured out how to bend time . But you 're only interested In traveling to the past . Your goal , your next jump is the 18th of may . So you know . The 18th of may . Don 't do that ! Don 't stand there ! There are snipers outside . Stay away from the window ! I hope he knows what he 's doing . Why are you here ? What do you really want ? My calculations show what you must already know . An enormous amount of energy will be drained from wherever you arrive , and a large number of people will be killed . But each jump back clears that slate . If you are reunited with your fiancee and you pull her from that car , the victims of this last massive reset will remain dead . Listen . On the day of the crash , we argued . Arlette wanted me to go to some store to register for wedding gifts , and I hurt her feelings and I left . As I walked , I became drawn to something on the horizon . A large , red ball . It was a hot air balloon . Moored on the city 's outskirts , out in this field . I spent the whole day in this field , looking at this balloon , and I got my answer . I had an epiphany of how to physically apply my theories of time travel . I was in that field the moment her car was hit . 18 may , 2 : 18 PM . If I 'd have simply done what she asked me , if I 'd have said , " sure , I 'll go with you , " I know it wouldn 't have happened . I will jump back . But I 'll jump back into that empty field , Walter . And I 'll only drain the energy from the plant life . Energy will be dispersed , no one will die , and I will pull Arlette from that car and I will save her life . I know ... why you haven 't gone back to may 18th , yet . Because you don 't know how to . You haven 't been able to jump back any further than the train . What happened ? Someone get that signal back online ! You approximate the time curvature using a seventh order polynomial . But you made one small error . For the distance you require , it should be at least nine . I 've read you too . I can 't get it back online , he turns the radio off . Get a team up there , now . I 'm telling you how to do this , but I 'm telling you you cannot do it . - I must do it . - You 'll never be able - to live with the consequences . - I told you , no one will die . That 's not the consequences I 'm talking about . I , too , attempted the unimaginable , and I succeeded . I crossed into another universe , and took a son that wasn 't mine . And since then , not a day has passed without me feeling the burden of that act . I 'm going to tell you something that I have never told another soul . Until I ... took my son from the other side , I had never believed in god . But it occurred to me ... that my actions had betrayed him and that everything that had happened to me since was god punishing me . So now I 'm looking for a sign of forgiveness . I 've asked god ... for a sign of forgiveness . A specific one , a white tulip . Tulips don 't bloom this time of year , white or otherwise . But he 's god . And if god can forgive me for my acts then maybe ... it 's in the realm of possibility That my son , possibly , may be able to forgive me too . God is science . God is polio and flu vaccines and MRI machines , and artificial hearts . If you are a man of science , then that 's the only faith we need . Then allow me to serve as a precautionary tale . There will be repercussions if you pull Arlette from that car . You don 't know how things will be changed by your actions , but they will . It 's not our place to adjust the universe . And you will never be able to look at her again without knowing that , just like every time I look at my son . I have traveled through madness to figure this out . And you will too . You 're asking me to just leave her there . No , no , no ! Stop ! I 'm all right . Stop ! No , please ! Gentlemen , please ! Don 't you see ? We won 't remember this . Don 't you see ? We won 't remember anything . We won 't remember ! Officer I need a backup . Copy that ! What 's your twenty ? I 'm at 412 Inmann Street . This is weird . I did a search for Peck 's cell phone when we first ID 'd him as a suspect . He didn 't have one . But Arlette Turling 's number is still active . Now in the past 24 hours , the primary cell tower that 's been handling the signal is a tower near ... Albany Street . Alistair Peck is back at his residence . Six dead , including two Boston PD officers . We have to take him down before he jumps again . Take it . I haven 't seen you look at that letter for a while . It 's been almost a year since Alistair died . Today 's the day I 'm supposed to send it . Open it . Apparently , Alistair felt whatever it is , he could put in your trust . He wouldn 't have sealed it if he wanted me to see what 's inside . Hey , I got you something . Fixed your turntable . I 'd tell you to keep it out of the lab this time , but I know you won 't . Thank you , Peter . I thought maybe you 'd like some music to cheer you up . Walter , I know that you 've been in a funk for the last couple of weeks . If there 's something you want to talk to me about ... Something was weighing on me , a decision , but ... I 'm fine . I 'm gonna go hit the hay .
