 ( applause ) As Mayor , it is my deeply tedious pleasure to kick off the 83rd or 84th annual e-waste recycling festival ! ( Cheering ) Down in front ! Sorry . I get aroused in crowds . I will now throw out the ceremonial first dump ... this old , inefficient vote rigger ! ( Cheering ) These old doomsday devices are dangerously unstable . I 'll rest easier not knowing where they are . ( Grunts ) ( Devices thudding , glass breaking ) So long , overly complicated Japanese toilet . Toilet : Please not to throw away . I give you happy poopie time . Sorry , you know too much . ( Toilet crashing , glass shattering ) ( Chuckles ) Seems like a good place to ditch some evidence . Flexo ? ! What are you doing in a hazardous waste bin ? Haven 't you heard ? Us bending units are dangerously outdated . We overheat , we 're radioactive , we cause erectile dysfunc ... Who are you talking to ? No one . Your mama . Shut up . Take your pick . ( Kissing ) ( Camera shutters clicking ) Scoop Chang , New New York Times online podcast blog comments editor . Mr. Mayor , isn 't this e-waste dangerous ? Not at all , scoop . Not after it 's hauled off to the third world by an expendable team of minimum-wage nobodies . ( Whispering ) : Good news , nobodies ! ( Clanking ) Greetings , my friends ! It shan 't take long to strip down your clunker . ( Clanging ) There 's nothing wrong with our clunker . Really ? Because we can smelt out the deadly , deadly chromium to make rat poison and artificial sweeteners . No , thanks . We 're delivering e-waste . Pity . We 're halfway done . ( Blowtorch hissing ) This thing is 40 % chromium ! ( Bird squawking ) ( Crunch , hissing ) Gentle now . Gentle with the hoverdumpster . Ready for processing ! ( Sniffing ) What smells like bloody sinuses ? We burn your e-waste down to the usable metals , safely releasing the toxins into our air and drinking water . ( Panting ) Ugh ! That 's the worst thing I 've ever seen ! Really ? Then don 't look over there . ( Laughter ) Okay , kids . Let 's play find the shiny ! ( Laughter ) ( Coughing ) That 's even more horrific ! Is all the work done by children ? No , not the whipping . ( Whip cracking ) Granted , we later learned some positive things about recycling , but a better solution is to use our electronics as long as possible instead of throwing them out in the first place . I 'm gonna start by keeping my old cell phone , even if it is outdated . Old-time phone operator : Hello , Miss Turanga . Your call to Saint Louis has gone through . Well , let 's at least throw this tv out . The batteries in the remote are getting low . No ! Put that back and turn it on ! I was just trying to help . More on this breaking puff-piece after a word from our sponsor . ( Quiet piano music plays ) Male announcer : With the new eyephone , you can watch , listen , ignore your friends , stalk your ex , download porno on a crowded bus , even check your e-mail while getting hit by a train . All with the new eyephone . Woman : From Mom . A new eyephone ? ! Forget this junk . Woman ( Over phone ) : Well , this is a fine how-do-you-do ! - So long ! - Sayonara ! - Bye-bye ! - Good riddance ! - Yup ! - Toodle-oo ! Come on , let 's buy some eyephones online . ( Grunts ) Wait . I thought we were buying our eyephones online . We are on line . But I thought the Mom store was across town . It is across town . - But I thought ... - Stop thinking , fry ! ( Line moves slowly in lockstep ) I feel like a mindless zombie . I wish I knew how long we 've been waiting . The eyephone has an app for that ! Is there an app for kissing my shiny metal ass ? Several ! Ooh ! ( Line continues moving slowly in lockstep ) Oh , no , the light ! I guess I 'm off to hell . Oh , no , the light ! That 's the store , Professor . Whuh ? ♪ Ooh , ooh-ooh , ooh , ooh-ooh , ooh ♪ ♪ ooh , ooh , ooh ♪ ♪ ooh , ooh-ooh , ooh ♪ ♪ ooh , ooh ... ♪ Amy : Swow ! It 's that obscure underground song that 's constantly playing everywhere . Hello , dearies . Welcome to the Mom store . The new eyephones are in short supply , so please form an orderly ... - Out of the way ! - I need ... ( Crowd clamoring ) ( Panting ) : Are there any left ? ! There may be one . Okay , it 's $ 500 , you have no choice of carrier , the battery can 't hold a charge , and the reception isn 't very ... Shut up and take my money ! The new eyephone is wonderful . I use it to check recipes and send threatening e-mails to unauthorized third-party app developers ... Say , you 're from one of those ethnicities that knows about technology . Why is it called an eyephone ? I 'll explain after I install it . ( Screaming ) Neat . ( Computer trilling , beep ) Now for the ear piece . But my favorite app is called twitcher . ( Hammer blow ) Fry : Ow ! Twitcher lets you send and receive short messages or videos called twits . Why , here 's a twit now . Hi , mom . I love you more than can ... Male voice : Low battery . But don 't takey word for it . Unbiased-reviews-dot-mom says twitcher is the killer app . And when I say killer app , I mean killer app ! ( Evil cackling ) ( Evil laughter ) ( Groaning ) Ow ! Webisode announcer : And now another downloadisode of the real housewives of SIM city . ( Repeated thudding against wall ) She needs to reset . I 'll say it to her face . No wonder traditional media is dead . Check out this webisode of hypnotoad . ( Mechanical humming ) Enjoy your outdated format , grandpa . Nowadays , cool kids like me mash up our own phone-isodes . It 's from the kidnappers . My nephew is alive ! And he 's ... in this envelope . They cut off one of my dimensions ! No ! No ! ( Sobbing ) Oh , my God , it 's Bender ! He 'll save us ! ( Phone ringing ) What 's happening to me ? Is it puberty ? It 's a phone call , dingus . These eyephones are phones , too ? Duh . - Fry-lo . - Leela : Hi , Fry . Did you know these eyephones are phones , too ? Duh . Hey , is it safe to talk while you 're flying ? Oh , totally . This thing 's hands-free . That 's how I can eat this taco . And this spaghetti . Ow ! I 'm hanging up now . Hey , check out this Internet video of some idiot crashing her spaceship ! Ow ! You recorded that ? The eyephone records everything . All I did was add a laugh track and twit it to my 10,000 followers . Ow ! ( Laugh track plays ) Oh , that reminds me . It 's time to my hourly twupdate . ( Beeping ) 'Sup , followers . Fry here . ( Belches ) Burping eggs , scratching my underarm fungus , looking for love . Send . Underarm fungus ? Ugh ! Too much information . Ow ! It 's exactly the right amount of information ! For years , I 've collected personal data with old-fashioned methods , like spybots and info-squitos . This guy sure loves porno . But now , thanks to twitcher , morons voluntarily spew out every fact I need to exploit them ! ( Crosshairs beeping ) Target acquired , mother . Fire direct marketing algorithm ! ( Whooshing ) ( Computer chimes ) Do you suffer from the heartbreak of ... Fry : My underarm fungus . Then you , Mr. or Mrs ... . ( Fry burping ) Need the soothing relief of mom 's caustic anti-fungal bleach ! Oh . Can I somehow charge it to my eyephone for an additional fee ? Hell , yes ! ( Computer chirps ) Hey , fatso , stuffa you face ! ( Gasps ) This thing always seems to know when I got the munchies ! ( Clicking ) Attention followers . It 's free topping day at the Pizza Place across the street ! Send . ( Computers chime ) Duh . That 's why we all came over here for lunch . Send . ( Computers chime ) Greetings followers . This is day five of my solo kayak journey around the world . Send . ( Laughing ) Can you believe 50,000 idiots swallow that crap ? Send . - Oops . - Fry : Wait . You have 50,000 followers ? I only have three . Send . ( Computers chirp ) I unsubscribed yesterday . I got the most followers ' cause I give the people what they want . Like this video of you doing karate in your underpants . ( Goofy karatf yells ) Ow ! Help ! Police ! Send . - That is low , Bender , even by your standards . - My what now ? Since when is the Internet about robbing people of their privacy ? August 6 , 1991 . I 'll bet I can get as many followers as you without sinking to your level . What do you say ? First one to a million followers wins a buck . You 're on ! ( Zapping ) - Ow ! - Send . What happens to the loser ? Let 's make it interesting . Shplecch . Why is Mr. Chunks doing that ? Because the loser of our bet has to do a double somersault into a tub of alien goat vomit . ( Chuckles ) Wait , let 's make it interestinger . Vomit and diarrhea . Good idea . That way we don 't waste an end . Ugh , it 's putrid . What do you feed him ? What comes out one end , we feed to the other . Also Indian food . ( Vomiting ) Let the contest begin ! ( Howling scream ) ♪ ♪ ( bell dings ) Amazing . Some dumb bastard has nearly a million other dumb bastards following his every twit ! Are you dumb bastards listening to me , you dumb bastards ? Why are you so angry , mommy ? Oh , I 'm sorry . I guess I 'm just a little nervous about my evil plan . You dumb bastards ! ( All groan ) You see , the plan is about to enter phase two . As soon as someone reaches a million followers , I 'll use them to transmit ... The twit-worm . Oh , mother , you devious hag . Tell us more about this " twit-worm . " It 's a very special computer virus , for instead of infecting computers , it infects the human brain . I like it . The million followers will become an army of zombies , eager to obey my every command . ( Cackling laugh ) The important thing is , we 're a family . No , it 's not ! ( Yells ) ( Stops vomiting ) ( Sneezes , resumes vomiting ) Ew , he sneezed in it . Oh , God , I 'm going to lose the bet . I 'm gonna have to swim in the juice of the puke-me-poop-you . Don 't give up . You just need more titillating twits . Trust me , I want twits that tittle . Then you 're going to have to sink to Bender 's level . Stop acting like the Queen of England . Female voice : ♪ la , la , la , la , la , la , la . ♪ Who was that ... the Queen of England ? Uh , e ... excuse me . I have to ... someplace . That was odd . Where 'd that singing come from ? It wasn 't the goat . All of its orifices are in use . Female voice : ♪ I dreamed a dream in time ♪ ♪ gone by ♪ Leela and female voice : ♪ when hope was high ♪ ♪ and life worth living ♪ ♪ I dreamed that love would never die ♪ Female voice : ♪ I dreamed that God ♪ ♪ would be forgiving . ♪ ( screams ) - What the hell is that ? - Nothing . Leela 's boil : I 'm not nothing . ( Sobbing ) : All my life everyone 's called me nothing . You have a boil on your butt that sings show tunes with you ? Don 't look at me . - I 'm a freak . - No , no ... well ... Oh , I 've been ashamed of Susan as long as I can remember . You named your boil Susan ? A boil kinna have a name ? They also said a boil kinna sing , but ... ♪ Amazing grace ♪ ♪ how ... ♪ Aaah ! ( Groans ) Ew , she 's Scottish . I Lance her every few months , but she always grows back . It 's hard enough being a cyclops , but if anyone found out about Susan , I 'd be devastated . ♪ Amazing grace ♪ ♪ how ... ♪ Aaah ! Whoa , gross . Million-follower gross . Fry , delete that . Delete that right now ! What ? Oh , okay . ( Bender humming ) ( Chuckles ) So much for a pleasant swim in vomit . ( Coughing ) Send . ( Coughing ) - Did you delete it ? - Eh . Thanks , Fry , you 're a good friend . Eh ... ♪ Amazing grace ♪ ♪ how ... ♪ Aaah ! ( Both laughing ) Hey , there she goes in the genuine . Let 's get to hooting . Hoo ! Whoa-oa-oas ! If it ain 'ts the world 's number ones Internet sensation ! Where ? Also ... what ? ♪ Amazing grace ... ♪ ( Gasps ) ♪ How ... ♪ Aaah ! ( All laughing ) Play it one more time . No , it 's humiliating and degrading to Leela . Play it ten more times . ( Sighs ) I know I shouldn 't have twitted that , but not swimming in barf might ease my conscience . But if Leela should find out , her dignity sac will rupture . That 's why we can 't let her see this . Leela , lock the door so Leela doesn 't ... ( Squeals ) ( Sobbing ) : How could you do this ? ♪ ♪ ( Fly buzzing ) Poor Mr. Chunks . At least he died doing what he loved . He 's in a better place now . Thar , I turned a regular board into a diving board . Mm-hmm . Impending news , everyone . We 're about to learn the winner of the bet . Oh , boy , oh , boy , oh , boy . ( Whispering ) : I hope it 's me . Wait a minute . There 's a chance I could lose ? That wasn 't part of the deal . Sweet Georgia Brown of Kingston Town . It 's a tie . Since no one lost , no one has to jump . All right , a tie ! I win again ! Oh , I 'm a scuzzball . Don 't feel bad . At least you 're not Leela . A tie ? This worked out better than I could have hoped . Now I 'll have two million zombies . Actually , Fry and Bender may share some of same followers . All we can say for sure is that there will be between one million and two million zombies . - All I can say for sure is ... - Ouch ! Now , stop getting slapped and power up the twit-worm . ( Both laughing ) It 's both disgusting and inspiring , like Jared from subway . Okay , I 'm a freak with a singingutt boil , but I 'm still a human being , more or less . Singing butts boil ? That 's yesterdayses news . Like that giant caterpillar what ate Jared from subway . Nows us Internet geeks gots a whole new video sensation . So my humiliations over ? Who are you ? And now , to create an unstoppable army of between one and two million zombies . ( Thunder cracks ) Uh , shouldn 't you wait for the weather to clear up ? No . I give you the twit-worm . Send . Aah , I 'm sick of my head doing things . Leela ! Fry , I came to talk to you . No , I came to talk to you . It looked like you were just sitting there , but whatever . I am so , so sorry for what I did , and I know I can never make it up to you ... You don 't have to apologize . In fact , I came to thank you . I think you mean hit me . Everyone knows my secret , but no one cares . I have nothing to hide anymore . Oh , Fry , thanks to your selfish rudeness , a terrible weight has been lifted from my heart . Susan : That 's not the only place you need a terrible weight lifted . ( Squishing sound , Susan screams ) Susan and I are agreed . For the first time in our lives , we 're not ashamed of who we are . Susan : I was never ashamed . Come here . ( Sniffs ) What stinks ? Were you rolling around in new Jersey ? Leela , I knew I could never make it up to you , so I did the next best thing ... I put myself through the same humiliation I put you through . ( Screams ) ( Grunts ) ( Gagging and sputtering ) ( Screams ) ( Laughs ) Aw , you didn 't have to do that . I didn 't ? Damn . Don 't worry . By tomorrow , no one will remember . Can I have another hug ? No . Susan : Oh , hold your nose and give it a go . Introducing the new eyephone 2.0 Damn bastards .
