 Better off Ted s02e05 Fordította : galanm Since I spend most of my day at work , It 's natural relationships start to form . But some of them can be tricky to navigate . Gosh , ted . It 's like you were poured into that suit . And part of me is still hardening . See , that would 've been the wrong thing to say . Thank you , erica . I value and respect you as a gender-neutral colleague . I may have overcorrected , But it 's important , I always keep things professional at the office , With one exception . Hey , sweetie . Wanna wrestle ? I 'm taking you down , old man . since rose started coming to veridian 's after-care , My coffee breaks include much more roughhousing . Ted ... Muss up his hair . It 's the source of all his power . What ? No ! Oh , no ! Not the hair ! Ahh ! Now smash him with a phone . Why will nobody in this building ever smash anyone th a phone ? - What do you need , veronica ? - We have a problem . It 's about sexual ... Uh ... Sexual h-a-r-ass-ment . Hmm . Well , I appreciate you Not letting my daughter hear the " har " part of that , - But why don 't we talk about this later ? - And by the way , I 'm 8.I know how to spell . Never show your hand , sweetie . Always let the enemy underestimate you . Then when their guard 's down , smash ' em with a phone . We 're having a problem with some of those people , who live in the cubicles . No , they don 't live in ... you know what ? I 'm not gonna explain this to you again . One of the drones Accused another drone of sexual harassment . Again ? ... That 's the third time that 's happened to us this year . I know . Legal won 't tell me who the sleaze-hound is . But upstairs is very unhappy with me . Our whole department looksike a guy at a bus station Wearing a raincoat . We are not sleazy . Our department is more like a hard-working squirrel Stuffing his nuts in ... wait . We 're more like a hard-working beaver Ah , I 'm not gonna land this metaphor . Let me just go talk to the people in the cubicles , Find out what 's going on . And get them to stop coming on to each other . It might be as simple as improving the lighting out there . I just heard they 're forcing chumley into retirement . That 's crazy . He 's the best chemical spill technician we 've ever had . Is he gone yet ? Let 's trigger the floor sensors and see if he comes . you know , you could 've used water . As opposed to that beaker of bald eagle stem cells I 've been painstakingly gathering For the last two years . Sorry . You should label things . chumley 's so great . He 's the only one in the office who 's always smiling . When he looks at you with those little blue lights , It 's like you 're the only one in the world . - What 's gonna happen to him ? - Don 't worry . Ted told me veridian has a place where retired robots get to run and play with other robots . It 's called the technology farm . Ah . God , that sounds great . Like the place my mom sent my dog after he crapped in her purse . - I got an alert from the floor sensors , there 's a spill . - Who are you ? I 'm carlos . New spill technician . Apparently I 'm cheaper and require less maintenance Than your ... Little sucky robot . My god ... What kind of a sick world are we living in , where machines can be so easily cast aside for people ? Hey . So if you had to guess who in our department was being accused of sexual harassment , who would you say ? If I had to guess , I would say that keith guy , because he 's kinda creepy . But since I know it 's me , I 'm gonna say me because I want to win this game . - You ? You sexually harassed somebody ? - It was a stupid misunderstanding . Sheila , is everything all right ? No , it 's not . My cat died . Oh , no . Senor noodlebaum ? No , that 's debbie 's cat . She 's an idiot . My cat was named meow is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country . I just called him meow . But meow he 's dead . He loved puns . I 'm so sorry , sheila . You look like you could use a hug . Oh , that 's okay , linda . I 'm not really a physically affectionate kind of person . Don 't be such a tough guy . Everyone needs a hug sometime . See ? Doesn 't this feel good ? We call this a midwestern handshake . That doesn 't sound so sexual . It was just a hug that drifted boobwardly . Apparently , later I got , as sheila 's complaint says , " more molest-y . " - Linda , what are you doing ? - I 've been thinking about you all day . - Ooh , man . You 're tense . - Linda , I ... Relax , sheila . Don 't fight it . - " don 't fight it " ? - Hindsight is 20 / 20 , isn 't it , Mr. " never accidentally fondled anyone " ? I don 't think the words " don 't fight it " Have ever been used Where someone isn 't being sexually harassed . What am I gonna do ? I could lose my job over this . All right , I 'll go talk to sheila and straighten it out . In the meantime , try to act like a gentleman . Just remember , every woman here is someone 's wife or daughter . I realize it was a little awkward , but linda was just trying to comfort you . Well , it wasn 't comforting to me . No , I get that . But it was just a misunderstanding . See , you haven 't worked here that long , and you don 't know linda . If you did , you 'd know how clumsy and accidentally predatory she can be . You two should really get to know each other , get better acquainted . You want linda and me to get better acquainted ? Sure . Maybe go out sometime after work , have some fun . I could come , too , if you want . All three of us could do it . Oh , I don 't think that would be a good idea . Oh , come on , sheila . Don 't fight it . Oh , wait . " don 't fight it " ? You 'd be surprised how easily that phrase just slides right outta you . Sheila claims you propositioned her for a threesome . Veronica , I work full-time and I have an 8-year-old daughter . I don 't even have the energy for a one-some . This is crazy . - I 'm gonna go talk to her . - No , you 're not . Now I know it 's against your nature To sit idly by while gotham is in peril , - ... but you have to sit this one out . I 'll take care of it . - But ... Ted , as a very stupid man once said , " don 't fight it . " - Ted . - Ted . They took our robot vacuum to transportation , but they forgot his extra battery pack . We want to get it to him before he leaves for the farm . Righ the farm . Here , I 'll make sure he gets it . - Mm . We 'll give it to him . - So if you could tell us where it is , because the guys in transportation Said there is no farm. jerks . - There is a farm , right ? - Right , ted ? - Right ? - There 's a farm , ted . Tell us there 's a farm . There 's a farm . There 's a farm . There 's a farm . There 's a farm . - Ah , fellas ... - " No ! " Where did they take him , you son of a bitch ? ! I mean ... My immediate superior ! Guys , I 'm sorry . I was trying to protect you from this , but ... Well , the truth is , when robots are no longer needed , They 're sent down to the subbasement To be broken down and used for parts . I think I 'm going to be sick . I feel like my heart has been kicked in the testicles . Hello . I 'd like to talk to the lawyer in charge of employee sexual harassment . That would be mr . Thomas , and he 's not here . - Hmm . Will he be back soon ? - That depends on his willingness to accept the things he cannot change ... wait . His willingness to change what he accepts ... No . The wisdom ... I don 't know . He 's a drunk . He 's in rehab ... Again . Well , it 's nice how you honor his struggle . He does this five times a year , But the company can 't fire him because he has a disease . He also has a disease ? Poor drunk . No , that 's his disease . He 's an alcoholic . And as long as he 's in treatment , The company can 't touch him . The next day , veronica made a startling announcement . Great news . You both have a disease . - You would be a terrible doctor . - I convinced the company ... To classify sexual harassment as a disease . That way , anyone accused of it can 't be fired or punished in any way . I don 't want a sex disease , especially one That 's assigned to me by my supervisor . Nonsense . The company loved the idea . Now it can 't be sued because the harasser isn 't responsible For his or linda 's actions . Plus , several of the executives have their own grope-y , Squeezy , unzippy problems , and now their jobs are safe , too . This is ridiculous . I didn 't do anything . I don 't have a disease . Ted , I 'm a hero upstairs . Don 't ruin this for me . All you two have to do is ... is go to harassment seminars . We have to go to harassment seminars ? I have a daughter . I speak evasive mumble . Just until you learn how to control your perverse impulses . I am not going to any harassment seminar . No , I am gonna fight these charges . Yeah , me , too . I don 't like other ladies ' breasts . Some days , I don 't even like my own breasts . - Although mostly , they 're awesome . - Well , you 'll get no argument from me . And you two don 't think you need a seminar . Look , if you fight this and lose , you could be fired . I don 't want to lose this job . What am I supposed to do , Go back to wisconsin and work in the cheese mines ? After I made that big speech , threw down my cheese shovel and stormed out ? All you have to do , is complete the stupid seminar , And the whole thing will be expunged from your records . And you 'll get a keepsake-quality seminar diploma ... Also my idea . I was on fire up there . Look at this place . All these innocent machines hacked to pieces . it 's like " the texas chainsaw massacre " If somebody massacred the chainsaws . Chumley . Oh ! Look at him . They 've ripped the d.C. Solenoids from his relay module As if he were some sort of animal . We can put him back together . I fixed my marriage with mechanical attachments . I can fix this . I 'm denise , Your sexual harassment educator , and you are the deviants . So let 's meet each other , shall we ? Ted , why are you here ? Because sheila 's cat died , this one got grabby , And some of the nonsense splattered on me . Bottom line ... I am not a harasser . - Neither am I. - Yeah , I don 't belong here either . Although I would be open to some private tutoring . I 'm innocent , too . I just tripped And grabbed some chick 's boobs to keep from falling . Plus , she wanted it . Is there any way I can complete this course over the internet ? Of course you all think you 're innocent . That 's part of the disease . - No , I don 't have a disease . - That 's another part of the disease . Ted 's really not a harasser . If anything , he 's too repressed . Well , you are . Okay , well , that makes perfect sense . Ted , you sexually harass women , because your emotions are so bottled up . They explode inappropriately . Okay , how do I convince you that I am ready to graduate from this league of e
