 Tonight on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... Former FBI agent Ben Hansen leads his group of investigators . As they uncover the secrets behind the best . And most baffling paranormal footage ever captured . Whoa ! They 'll break down every clip ... And put each case to the ultimate test ... I think it could be easily manipulated . ... As they try to re-create . The world 's most mysterious footage . Oh ! Oh , my god ! Through a series of incredible experiments . Using cutting-edge technology They 'll determine once and for all if each case is fact ... Hey , we just found some bones ! ... Or faked . Oh , my god ! Oh , my goodness ! There 's a flying saucer . I 'm getting a series of lights right there . Oh , my god ! What the heck is that ? Kill the lights . My name 's ben hansen . Maintain silence unless you see something on-camera . I 've been investigating the paranormal . Since I was 10 years old growing up in utah . I used to be in the fbi , but after I left the bureau , I took my paranormal investigations . To the next level . Three years ago , I set up a team to join me in my search for the truth . When we evaluate the videos that are sent to us , We ask the following questions - Is the footage compelling ? Is the witness credible ? And can we test it ? Together with my team , We 're out to solve whether these cases are fact of faked . Okay , guys . I 'm excited about these clips . I want to see what we 've all brought to the table today . All right , guys . I got a really good video . It 's from connecticut . It 's actually considered a ghost town . It 's most famous for its haunted forest . He 's claiming it 's a ghost . From the legends and theories of the area . So , I 'm gonna go ahead and show you the video , And tell me what you guys think . Okay . Okay , watch up along the tree line . Jael : Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa ! You see that ? Chi-lan : There it goes . It 's right there . Yeah . Like a dark shadow . Did you see it ? Ben , pull it back . Pull it back . Bill : That 's pretty good . He 's a very , very light , shadowy figure right there , right ? Man : No way ! Chi-lan : It almost looks like he has limbs . When he crosses this section here . Okay , wait one second . The thing that concerns me with this video . Is that this guy is all worked up . He 's breathing heavily , And it 's almost like he 's anticipating it to come out . Well , maybe he already saw it , He went and grabbed his camera , And then he was shooting , and then it crossed again . Ben : You would think that 's how it would happen . I can see a lot of cg in that video being a huge possibility . I 'm with chi-lan - I think it 's faked , And I think it could be easily manipulated . Okay . Let 's move on . How about bill ? What do you have ? I 've got an alien-abduction case out of florida . And this is a couple that have claimed they 've had . Alien visitations and abductions repeatedly . In this case , they got video . Okay , it 's moving . So , is this a surveillance camera ? Yes , in their bedroom , Thca wuse tatre hevisitations have been happeni . So they set up a surveillance cam in their room . Larry : I see something walking in . And this is time-lapse video , So the frame rate is gonna be stuttering . Where is this at , bill ? Florida . It 's not an alligator . Jael : It doesn 't look that clear . And , to me , it looks like it could be a kid . Chi-lan : Yeah . I mean , it doesn 't walk into the room completely . It looks like it 's just poking its head in . And turning around or just staying there . Larry , what do you think of the video itself ? It 's kind of unclear , and it never fully enters the room . I mean , it could be something on a broomstick . That somebody 's poking in there . The fact that we 're discussing it so much , This is a really intriguing video . I would love to investigate this . I want more background on these people , Exactly what happened to them . I personally say " faked , " But I say with more research , take it from there . I don 't want to completely throw this out for now . Okay . But at the same time , We don 't have quite enough to work off of . All right , let me try to get a little more information . On the family 's background and the location . And see if there are any other similar occurrences in the area . I have a ghost car . We have a ghost car in savannah , georgia , Slightly outside , in a town called garden city . This tape was shot . From a video camera mounted inside the police car . Now , he was pursuing a vehicle . Which was doing some very erratic maneuvers . Then it ends in a very strange way . Here you go . Like , it starts out like a normal pursuit . It turns into high speed . I mean , this guy is really clocking it . And here , he 's swerving back and forth , Kind of doing strange maneuvers . You know , he does this u-turn . There 's this point . Where the officer following him makes that u-turn , And he 's far , far up ahead of him . A lot of people are saying . That 's kind of something extraordinary . That the car takes off that quickly . So , now watch this part . He comes down the dirt road . The officer is still following pretty closely at this point , But you 'll see , as he turns left , he loses sight of him . Officer turns around , follows . Boom ! Now he 's on the other side of the fence . Chi-lan : What ? ! Wow ! You see him turn here . This is in slow motion . He turns off to the left , hard left , He pulls his car around , and boom ! The officer has to stop . Because there 's a fence right in the way . And the ghost car is on the other side of the fence . There wasn 't a gate ? No . This is a solid fence all the way around . See , that 's creepy . That gives me the chills . Now , this video has over 5 million hits online . So a lot of people have seen it , But it 's never been investigated . This is from a law-enforcement officer 's car . I 'm sold . Yeah . Good eyewitness . Good video . I didn 't see the gate . I didn 't see how it went through that fence . Maybe the fence is ghost . It 's a ghost fence . Austin : Ghost fence . We have a good witness . We 've got an actual physical , tangible location . With hardware - the fence , the car , Everything that we can do a lot of experiments with . That 's why I think we should go investigate it . I want to go . I would really like to go , as well . Looks like we 've found our first case . Jael , what else you have for us ? I actually found a pretty interesting case . It takes place in the u.K. - A woman named tonya pittman . She has kids , and her kids keep claiming . That they 're hearing noises coming from the bedrooms . Um ... Wait , wait . Whoa , whoa . From the parents ' bedroom ? No , from their bedrooms . Okay , gotcha . Continue . I 'm sorry . So , one night , her 12-year-old son . Hears whistling coming from one of the bedrooms . He gets freaked out , and he picks up his cellphone , Turns on the camera , runs upstairs , And he captures a shadow . Boy : Downstairs . Oh ! Sorry to get all up in your business , but see how it jumps ? Oh , yeah . You see it being reflected on this wall and sort of staying . I 'm saying that there 's a light over here . And there 's somebody walking across out of camera , Out of frame that we can 't see , And is casting a shadow across here . It looks like it 's coming this way . But , in fact , it 's being projected here across this . And then against that wall . Do you think there 's enough to go on here ? No . I got to say no . Ben : Sorry , jael . I know . I 've been completely outnumbered on this one . Bill : I have some ufo footage . That was shot by jeff willes in arizona . If you play it , you 'll see that . There 's some unusual movement of these lights in the sky . So , why don 't you roll it ? All right , here we go . Man : So , I think , you know , uh - Whoa ! I was just doing a little bit of research , And I found there are a bunch - I mean , a whole lot - of eyewitnesses . That actually saw this event , And none of them could describe what they were . There 's a military base close to this area ? Bill : Luke air force base , yes . Well , then how do we know that it 's not . Just some normal flight pattern for some of these planes ? It could be , and it could be coincidental . That it happens to show up . Just when these lights appeared in the sky . Some of these sightings have been looked into before , And they end up just being military flares . Is that maybe what we 're seeing right here ? As a matter of fact , I got footage of military flares being dropped . I want to point out some just very obvious differences here . So , I 'm going to hit " play " - and look at the characteristics . These things drop straight to the ground . Yeah , it looks nothing like it . Even if there 's a little parachute on them ... They just plummet . These don 't . Isn 't this place called " the ufo parking lot " ? I never heard that particular one , But I wouldn 't doubt if they would call it that . The guy who 's filming this sounds genuinely excited . I mean , it doesn 't sound like he 's faking this . I 'm liking this . We 've got very compelling video . We have a credible witness . Who has a lot of experience in ufo documentation . Plus , we have a lot to work with as far as the experiment . Jael , austin , you come with me to savannah . We 'll do the ghost-car investigation . And , bill , larry , and chi-lan , You guys head out to arizona to do these lights . Chi-lan : Sounds good . All right . Let 's pack up , huh ? Jael : Let 's pack up , guys . Narrator : Coming up on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... Daniels : When I turned in , the only thing I see . Is taillights on the other side of the fence . Four lights appeared near these mountains right here . Begin hyper jump . Go . Austin : Absolutely insane . Oh , my god ! Wow ! We both were wrong . Did you hear that ? Ho ! Bill : I 'm thinking if we go to arizona , Maybe we could do some experiments . We have a ghost car in savannah , georgia . I think we should go investigate it . We 're in savannah , georgia , One of the most haunted cities in america . I 've seen this video quite a few times now . And it 's gonna be the first time that we 're gonna be able to meet . The actual officer who was in that car . Jael : Yeah , it 's pretty exciting . I 'm sure that must have been quite an adrenaline rush . Austin : I think there he is right there . Let 's do it . How you doing ? I 'm doing all right . How y 'all doing today ? Wayne daniels . Glad to meet you . We are so excited to be here . What I would love to do is to take you back to that night . And I was thinking that maybe you could take us on a ride . And show us the exact route that you guys took . Love to . All right . Should we go ride ? So , is this where it started - right here ? Yeah , this is where it actually started . This is where I noticed him weaving in the road . You could see him hitting the lane markers and the fog light . Right about here is where I hit the blue lights . He hit the gas , and off we went to the races . Right here is where he actually made a u-turn . I pulled up into his driver 's door . At that point , he shot on around me . And it took me a second to get around . As he was accelerating up old willisville road here . So , there was a split-second . Where you don 't have him in sight . And the next thing you know , he 's far up the road . That 's correct . Would you say that he took off at an unusually quick speed ? I was surprised that it was able to accelerate that fast . We hung the right here on 307 . But when he come around ... And as I turned in , the only thing I see . Is taillights on the other side of the fence . And I says , " no . He didn 't do that . " He did it . I 'd actually like to take a closer look at this fence . Obviously , like I said , the fence has been changed . At the time , it didn 't have the gate and stuff . But this fence would have been on the backside of this pole . And did you actually come up . And inspect these brackets and these ties ? I came up and checked the fence . Where the car went through , and these were missing . Could you actually tell me . That you witnessed him going through the fence ? I can 't say I seen it . I mean , in the paranormal realm , it would either have to be . Something extremely paranormal happened . Or the only other option is that this car had to go . Under , through , or possibly launch over that fence . Correct . Well , I think that about does it . We really appreciate your time . Jael : All right , thank you very much . Bye-bye . I think we 've got two different things going on here , One is the very logical , hard , tangible stuff . We need to test , and the other , the paranormal stuff . Right now , I 'd like to get back to doing the tangible . We got a stunt guy , and he 's gonna be setting up . Some of these experiments we talked about . Awesome . Should we go do it ? All righty . Let 's go . Jael : Let 's do that . Hey , michael . Hey , ben , how are you ? Good . Good . Are you ready to do this ? We are absolutely ready to play . What have we got set up here ? We have the officer behind us . He 's gonna be the chase car . I 'm sergeant myers . Y 'all can call me shawn . You 've got the roads blocked off . We do , in all four directions . So we 're just gonna leave this parking lot . And do our first u-turn ... And then do some supernatural speeding . Nice . Well , jael and I will be using some new radar guns . We 're gonna be testing the speeds further down the road , And we 'll see what happens . Cool . Uh , I 'm just - I 'm just - just kidding . It 's a bad habit . Yes . Ben : So , we 're about ready to start our first experiment , Which is the u-turn experiment . In the ghost-car video , the ghost car takes this u-turn And takes off . At what some would say is a supernatural speed , Leaving the officer wondering where he went . So , we 've got our own stunt car . It looks almost exactly like our ghost car . And we got a professional driver . That 'll be executing these u-turns . And we have our own chase vehicle , Which is a police-department vehicle . In which austin will be riding shotgun . I 've been with ben and the group from the start , From the very beginning . My background 's in biology , but I 'm also a thrill-seeker . I love an adrenaline rush . It usually always puts me right in the center of the action . And I absolutely love it . If our stunt car can duplicate the u-turn And get the same distance away , That would help to further explain . That maybe this wasn 't a paranormal event after all . Jael : All right , so , we 're at the shoulder of the road right now . And we 've got the whole road shut down - Cops , everybody 's at a standstill . Bruce is ready to go , apparently . And we are ready to do our u-turn at the moment . Austin : I 'm currently riding shotgun . In the front seat of our buddy shawn , Who 's an officer of garden city police department . We 're getting ready to try our first experiment . My heart 's starting to race . Blood 's starting to boil . We 're gonna be doing a high-speed pursuit , Trying to re-enact the exact video that we have . We have cameras in the car . We have cameras on the car . We got cameras everywhere , seeing if we can get every angle . And prove to see if this is something paranormal . Or something that we can make happen . Michael is gunning to go . He looks like he 's ready to go . He is ready to do this . We 're on this other side of the ditch . Just in case things get out of control , we 're not in the way . Or so we don 't die . So we don 't die . Yep , we 're ready . In 3 , 2 , 1 ! So , we 're about ready to start our first experiment . If our stunt car can duplicate the u-turn , Maybe this wasn 't a paranormal event after all . In 3 , 2 , 1 ! Go ! Ben : We 're up to 50 miles an hour now . I 'm really worried that we 're not gonna be able . To duplicate this disappearing u-turn . We 're trying to duplicate some very specific maneuvers , Which makes it very risky and very dangerous . Austin : Is this about how far away . You would follow somebody in a normal pursuit , shawn ? Myers : Yeah , about this distance . Have you ever lost anybody in a u-turn ? You ever seen a car disappear while making a u-turn ? Once or twice . He 's swerving like in the video , hitting 56 . Let 's get out of the way . That 's it . Austin : He is definitely out of sight right now . He is nowhere to be seen . We 're gonna see if we can catch him . There he is , coming out up front . I can see glimpses of his tail . I can barely make out a little bit of red . This is exactly how it looks in the video - About this far away , kind of some dramatic driving , Absolutely insane . Ben : All right . Austin : That is what I 'm talking about ! It seriously looked almost just like the video . We definitely got the footage we needed . You got the " t " just right . Ben : You 're hitting it , like , on a dime , And I think we got what we needed from it . Super . Let 's go under the fence . Let 's do the fence . Let 's make it happen . We 'll follow you there . That is what I 'm talking about . One of the most prevalent theories . Is that the car hit a ditch before getting to the fence . And it somehow launched it up and over it . Right here , we 've got this ramp that 's been built up , And we 've got our fence , but we 're gonna see if we can do it . The fence is exactly 6 feet high , Just like our other fence that we had , And it 's about , what , 10 feet from the ramp ? So , officer daniels talked . About the car going about 40 miles an hour . That 's what we 're gonna have mike do . He 's gonna go out , come hit this thing about 40 miles an hour , And , hopefully , he 's gonna clear this thing . Jael : Mike , how dangerous is a stunt like this ? I do have a lucky coin on . As long as I 've had it on , I 've never been hurt . Ready ? Here we go . Ben : Michael , ready ? In 3 , 2 , 1 ! There he goes . 27 , 31 , 33 , 36 . Oh , he just made that ! I can 't believe he made that . He didn 't even take the fence out . Wow . Yes ! Whoa ! Hey ! He 's not even fazed . Hey , mike ! Ha ha . How are you ? Are you okay ? I 'm good . Yeah ? You all right ? The car 's hardly even dented . Okay , now that you 're finished , do you think that somebody . Without all the equipment and all the safety gear . Could have gotten over something like this without getting hurt ? No , they would have definitely gotten hurt . Okay . Austin : Let 's get this man out . Yeah , look at this fence , guys . Unbelievable . The fact is that in the original location , There was a small ditch . There was nothing even comparable . To a manmade , set-up , perfect ramp . There 's no way , especially making that sharp turn it did , It could have gotten enough speed off a small ditch . To clear a fence perfectly . I think we 've proven it 's possible , but how possible ? Correct ? Yeah . I think we need to keep trying a few more tests , Because I don 't think this is what occurred . Ben : So , we 're here in front of a fence . That is almost exactly the same height . I mean , I 'm 6 ' 6 " . This thing 's about 6 feet , Same as the old fence we had over there . And what we 're going to do . Is remove some of the fasteners on the fence , Which officer daniels said were missing . You can see up here where we 've got it secured , It 's really sturdy , really rigid . But down on the bottom , we 've taken off the bottom fastener . And what we 're going to do is drive the car through it . And hope that the fence will come up . And let the car slide underneath it . And come right back down , just like in the video . So , hopefully , he 'll hit between 30 and 40 miles an hour , Just like he did in the video . Like I said , there 's many variables , But if we 've calculated this correctly - Well , if he goes straight through , We 've pretty much debunked the myth of the ghost car , Haven 't we ? Jael : I 've been a journalist and a reporter . I traveled the world with josh gates . On " destination truth . " What I love about being on this team . Is that I can really use my skills to get to the bottom . Of some of the craziest paranormal cases out there . It looks like we 're about ready to go . All right . Ben : In 3 , 2 , 1 , go ! Here we go . Ben : What we 're going to do is drive the car through it . And then hope that the fence will come up . And let the car slide underneath it . In 3 , 2 , 1 , go ! 22.7 . Oh , my god ! Wow ! We both were wrong . All right . Wow . Well ? What do we do with that ? I don 't know . There goes that theory . The posts are definitely still in place , Yet the whole top of the fence came off the top rung . I honestly did not expect that to happen . Austin : We just watched stunt-car driver mike , In the ghost car , take off , hit the fence doing about 25 . However , it did not go really as we had planned . The whole fence popped off . Nothing stayed . Apparently , either the fence wasn 't stable enough , Wasn 't put together , Or - who knows ? - Maybe it 's just impossible . Should we see if it 's salvageable ? Absolutely . Okay . We got to hoist it up and then move these . We are going to hoist this fence back up . And attempt the experiment one more time . But , ben , I think this time what we might want to do . Is actually have four fence fasteners instead of two . I agree . Because we don 't know how much strength the old fence had . Maybe that 'll keep it from - I think two on each end this time instead of one . So , what we realized is what made this fence fall . Is these top caps popped off , and that happened . Because we took off too many of these fasteners . So what we 're gonna do . Is go back and put a few more of these on it . Hopefully , it 'll keep everything intact . Right about here , do you think ? Um , maybe a little bit higher , even . Think we 're good to go ? Let 's have him go another run . All right . Jael : This is our last try . To get the ghost car to go through the fence . If we can 't pull this off and debunk it , Then I do not have a reasonable explanation . On how this car got through the fence . Maybe the whole ghost-car event was paranormal . Ben : Michael , ready ? In 3 , 2 , 1 ! Here we go . There we go . There it is . I think this is a key piece of evidence right here . This could be our answer . I couldn 't believe it . No . Yeah . We have a lot of notes to compare . So , how was it ? We just got back from georgia . Well , tell us about it . So , our third experiment . Was to try to get our car to go through the fence . Watch what happened . Michael , ready ? In 3 , 2 , 1 ! Whoa ! It 's good . Wow . Wow . Larry : Can you believe that ? It opens like a theater curtain . Oh , my gosh . And goes down just in time . To not even detect any movement from it . Here we go . Side by side . This final turn , he turns left . The fence goes up ... Wow . Completely intact . Not even moving . By the time the officer turns around , Officer daniels sees the fence . Just as it comes down and stops moving . We catch the taillights at about the same point . Tell me that 's not what happened . That 's it . Is there any question . That that 's what happened that night ? I don 't think there 's anything ghostly about that . Altogether , you would say . There was nothing paranormal about this case . Finally , an answer . Bill : Thanks to you guys . Ghost car - case closed . Oh ! So , the savannah ghost car - Nothing paranormal about that one . Bill , how did the arizona lights case go ? Well , with the arizona lights , we had compelling video . And a seemingly credible witness , And we came up with some great ideas . On how we could re-create the footage . Here 's what happened . Bill : Jeff ? Hey , how you doing ? Doing well . How about you ? Maybe we start off by you telling me . About the circumstances that you were in . When you shot that video . Me and my friend - we decided we were gonna do . A video on ufos , a documentary . Actually went over here near these mountains right here . At about 7 : 00 . And then all of a sudden , four lights appeared . And the light on the far right disappeared . And skipped in front of the remaining three . Let me ask you - I know that we 're really close to luke air force base . Is there any chance at all . That those lights that you saw could be military flares ? The next day , I called luke air force base , And they said not only were they not dropping flares , But they had no planes up at the time . Is there any way that we can take this camera from you ? Yeah . Jeff , great meeting you . Good to meet you . We 're headed to the area . That jeff willes recorded the video . That brought us into this case . We 're gonna set up a base camp , And we 're gonna conduct a series of experiments . To see if we can re-create what we saw on tape . Let me grab the gear bag here . Here are the lasers . What we 're gonna do is just set up a pane of glass , And we 're gonna shoot lasers in it . And show that anyone can actually do . This very simple experiment and put lights in the sky . At a specific time of day and record it . I 'm a tv journalist , and I love photography , Which comes in really handy . When I 'm analyzing photos and videos . During my paranormal research . I 'm a natural-born skeptic , And I think that my experience will help me determine . If these lights are an optical hoax or the real deal . That 's gonna be the camera 's point of view . So , right over that second peak , In between the first peak and the second peak , We want to see those lights going on and off , on and off . I 'm a video specialist during the day , But my real love is paranormal research , Which I 've been doing for 15 years . My background does help me catch hoaxes , Like some people think in this case jumping lights . If you think about the height of the glass , It 's like - it can be from here to here . We don 't want this glass to slip . We don 't have another pane . Don 't tell me that . Grab that end . I 'll grab this end . Okay , very good . Chi-lan : Wow , guys , this is some setup . I think we should hunker down for a little while , Let the sun dip down below the horizon , And let 's resume the experiments . Hey , guys , conditions are , like , perfect . It 's like we 've got just an amount of ambient light . It looks just like what we have in jeff 's video . We only have a small window of opportunity , no pun intended . I 'm gonna turn on the camera so we can go ahead . And try to get the same angle . That we saw in jeff 's video on may 12th . Larry : I have always loved the paranormal . I carried that love for the paranormal . All the way into college , where I met ben . He asked me to join the group as the effects specialist , And it was a no-brainer - easiest decision I 've ever made . We 're only gonna have a couple of minutes for this . I 'm gonna use the green wavelength , Which is the more powerful of the two , Between the red and the green . You ready , larry ? Yep . Okay , 3 , 2 , 1 ... On . Chi-lan : What we 're gonna do is just set up a pane of glass , And we 're gonna shoot lasers in it . And show that anyone can actually do . This very simple experiment and record it . You ready , larry ? Yep . 3 , 2 , 1 ... On . All right . Do you see it ? I see it , actually , very well . Let me look through your viewfinder . Oh , yeah . There it is . There it is . It looks really convincing . With both sides of the pane , it 's making two different orbs . Independent . Look at that . Now it 's three . Yeah , you 're right . My gosh , it actually works . It 's working . I can 't get the movement the same . I have to , like , keep it out of line . Otherwise , this happens . See how it does that ? That doesn 't happen in the video . You know what ? The motion is just not right . It 's the pattern that I 'm having the problem with . If it 's flaring , that 's not what we saw in the video . The laser in the glass has got similarities to the video . Thing is , we just can 't nail the movement down . We can 't get that pattern . To replicate what we had in jeff 's video . I think we should just move on to the next experiment . I want to get the balloons up . All right . Larry , grab that toolbox . We have just enough time to set this up , so let 's jump on this . We have six balloons that inflate to 6 feet . The balloon is gonna hoist the lamp , like this . Once it 's inflated , it 'll be like that . There is a dimmer panel . That 's it right there . It 's standard dimmers , but we can turn each light on and off . Hopefully , it will look like hyper jumping , Because one light will go off . And the other one goes on on the other side . We 're gonna get the balloons inflated one by one . You guys are gonna send them up , Another person - like you - Is gonna be controlling the lights . Turn them on and off . I 'll be at the vantage point . And if it 's the right poin in the horizon . And I 'm seeing it and I 'm taping it . And it looks similar to jeff 's video , We 've got a possible explanation . Okay . Ready ? Think that 's 6 feet . , the zip tie is gonna fasten ... Bill : It 's gonna go on the neck itself . I can see your hand shaking . Nice and tight . Don 't catch your finger . Now we 're gonna attach the lantern . So , it 's gonna go here . All right . Very good . We have a lot of work to do . We 've got a lot more wiring . We 've got to find our position in the field . We 've got to jump on the control . After we get these things wired up . Gether ... And a little tighter ... And ready to go . We have 6 ools , all of them 500 feet , That we 're gonna be able to lift up over that horizon . I 'm gonna head over to the vantage point , Because when I look at the video , It was right above the horizon is where the lights were . We 're hoping that these balloons . Would disappear against the darkened sky . And I will only see the lanterns . That the balloons have hoisted up . Fortunately , I have jeff 's original camera , And I 'll be able to record using his exact camera . That he used to recordn 2005 . Chi-lan : The balloons are set in the same pattern as we saw . With all the orb lights . All right , let 's go wait at master control . When we get the okay , we 'll turn these guys on . That 's it . All right . Looking good . Hey , guys , heads up . The ambient lighting . Is just about where it was on jeff 's video . The lighting is good for the next probably three minutes . Begin hyper jump . Begin hyper jump . Go . Hey , bill , are you seeing ufo magic up there ? Actually , it 's looking really good . Team , I think we can conclude this phase of the experiment . We just launched the balloons . It looked okay , But it wasn 't exactly the same as jeff 's original video . It 's time for us to do a nighttime investigation . We 're gonna put some cameras on the ground , As well as one pointing at the sky . We hope to catch something as it happens . Or find some trace evidence . Chi-lan , larry , excellent work . This is the spot that all the reports . About the ufo activity have been centered around . We 've got the four I.R. Cameras set up . We 're covering the whole mountain range . You 're gonna stay here and monitor all the video , So keep your eyes on the screens . If you see something , you got to let us know . In some of the videos , It seemed like the crafts have been coming low , Or , in the cases where they feel that flares have fallen , We 'll have contact with the ground , So we 're gonna go look for trace evidence . Sounds good . Okay ? Let 's make this count . I 'm hearing something over there . Did you hear that ? Larry , have you seen anything at all on the cameras ? Larry : As of right now , I mean , I see the star in the sky here . No sign of anything unusual . I cannot see anything . There 's something unsettling about the atmosphere . Mm-hmm . Shine your light over there . That 's the second time I 've heard something . I am hearing something over there . Bill to larry - keep your eyes peeled . For the left side of the mountain range , please . We keep hearing some sort of movement out here . What is it exactly that you 're hearing ? It 's kind of . Maybe like a low humming noise and then a thump . I 'm looking at the camera . That you 're in front of right now - camera 1 . I cannot see anything in the sky . As for the ground , my vantage point is very limited . I cannot see anything . Seems like the closer we get to this mountain range , The more we 're hearing this humming sound . And these thuds . Ho ! I didn 't enjoy that sound . Bill , bill , come in . I 've been looking at a star in the sky for a while now , But it 's moving - it 's definitely not a star . It 's going up and down , back and forth . Look up there . Bill , bill , come in . I 've been looking at a star in the sky for a while now , But it 's moving - it 's definitely not a star . It 's going up and down , back and forth . Look up there Just to make sure you 're seeing what I 'm seeing . We do . We see it with the naked eye right here . No camera lens , no zoom , nothing . We can see it . L-I don 't know what this is . Chi-lan : Oh , my god ! It 's moving back and forth , back and forth , Very erratic for any light in the sky . It 's definitely not a satellite . Look . It 's moving away from us . It 's gone . At first , it was moving at such a steady pace . That I really did think it was a satellite . But now , in watching it , it did then cut left , And now it 's going right again . Satellites just go in orbit . It 's not a star . It 's not a planet . Not if it 's moving at that pace . I don 't know of any aircraft that moves in a zigzag . So , we 've been out here for hours . I mean , we finally have been able to capture something . It hasn 't been on the ground , like they were hoping . It 's actually been in the sky . This is more than I could have asked for . I think it 's more than any of us could ask for . Bill : We 've witnessed some lights in the sky that defy explanation . At this time of the night , There shouldn 't be any planes in the area that we know of . The movement of these lights are different from any satellites . Or an object in the sky that we know of . We need to get back to the situation room . And examine the video we 've captured . To try to decide what it is . We had an interview with jeff willes . We took the recording and had it analyzed . With the same technology used by law-enforcement agencies . So , I 'm gonna actually pull up the results of that , And I want you guys to take a look . Man : If they did hoax it , I would like to know how they did it , Because I have no idea how that could be done . So , as you can see here , it says " truth . " He 's obviously telling us . That this is the most compelling evidence . He has seen or recorded . With some great video evidence to inspire us , We had a couple of experiments that we had hopes for . One of them was the laser experiment . It looked good , but it didn 't work . Couldn 't get the motion . We moved on to balloons with electric lanterns , And although we were able to get the motion , We couldn 't get the altitude . That wasn 't convincing , either . Now , since it was nighttime , We realized we were gonna just hunker down . And conduct a nighttime investigation . It was during this nighttime investigation . We had hoped that we could find maybe some trace evidence . Or record something ourselves , And it was then we caught something in the sky . You caught something on tape ? I believe if you take a look at the clip we have cued , You 'll see for yourself . Let 's see what you got . Austin : Whoa ! Wow ! Look at the speed . That thing is hauling . You sure that 's not , like , a helicopter ? It was completely silent . It was moving far too fast . To be an aircraft of any sort that we know of . And it 's definitely not a satellite . Satellites sometimes you can see with the naked eye , But they move very slow across the sky . It was going in one direction . You 're watching it , you 're watching it . All of a sudden , it just would cut back in the other direction . Especially at that velocity , like bill said , I don 't know of any aircraft . That 's capable of doing something like that . The simple speed of this thing . Made it where we can only say . That there is mysterious ufos over the sky of arizona , And we happened to get it on tape . So , what do you guys think ? It looks to me like this place . Is a hotbed of paranormal activity . Couldn 't replicate the original video , And we caught something on-camera we can 't identify . This video breathes new life . Into the notion that there is ufo activity over phoenix . We can all see that it 's a flying object . That 's unidentifiable . There 's something out there . We don 't know what it is . Transcript by Adriano _ CSI
