 Tonight on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... - Whoa ! Whoa ! - What ? ! We asked him if he was a good ghost or a bad ghost . ... And the head were up out of the water . what ? Guys , I just found something . I 'm not sure what it is . But this thing is huge . This is weird ! That sends chills down my spine . Hey , we just found some bones ! Oh , my god ! Oh , my goodness ! There 's a flying saucer . I 'm getting a series of lights right there . Oh , my god ! What the heck is that ? Hey , you guys ready this morning ? Yeah . Of course we are . Ready . Who we got first today ? I 've got a case . This has to be one of my favorite cases of all time . Every other case combined . Doesn 't equal the amount of evidence as this one case . This is the ghost-writer case . For over 20 years , in this home , Residents have been getting communication . Via writing that appears on polaroids . They load fresh film , they ask a question , Take a photo , boom . - - The words appear . It 's ghost writing . I 've heard of this . Yeah . It 's a case that 's got a lot of coverage . Yeah . Let 's play this tape . All right . And you can see the whole process . Sounds creepy . And we pull out ... A brand-new , fresh thing of film . We load it in . we close it up . Did you die in this house ? And here 's the photograph . It just came out of the camera . And let 's see what happens . It looks like it says " corpus delicti . " " corpus delicti . " Huh . Which , in translation , means ? They 'll translate it for you . Okay . " the basic element of a crime , as in murder ... The death of a murdered person . " Hmm . That sends chills down my spine . Have they ever checked the police reports . To see if anybody in that house had been murdered ? They have checked records , And there 's no record of a murder in that house . I don 't know , bill . I 'm looking at these polaroids , And I just feel like this could easily be done . You can expose this film prior and get these results . Maybe so , But they weren 't buying the polaroids or the cameras . They had people bringing them over to their house . And taking their pictures . It ended up becoming where . They had ghost-writing parties every Halloween . Well , you 've sold me . I really like this case . Sounds really exciting . I can already think of ways . That I can start testing to get these results . Let 's move on . Chi-lan , what do you have next for us ? All right , guys . You guys are gonna love this . I have a case from california , as well , But mine is from sacramento . Now , joe hansen and his wife were walking their dog . In November 2008 , and all of a sudden , They saw some lights pulsing in the sky . Take a look . This was in the news . That 's right . It was reported in the media and the papers . Ooh , it just disappeared ! Whoa ! Whoa ! What ? ! And it 's almost as if . It leaves a residue when you watch the stuff drop down . Well , then , that makes me think it 's more chemical . It looks like it 's attached to something , Like there 's a stem coming out of it . If it was a hoax , maybe it 's a rod . I 'm not sure . You can 't even tell we 're looking at the sky . I mean , we just see a black background and a light . Who 's to say that it isn 't . Somebody holding a flare out there and just letting it drip ? If this is all the video is , I don 't think we have much to go on . But I don 't know . Let 's keep it in the back of our minds and move on . I actually got a great poltergeist video . This video has close to a million hits online . This guy had been hearing ... Sounds , bangs coming from the ceiling of his home . He had noticed various items . Were getting thrown across rooms , And so he set up cameras one time when he was leaving . This is what he captured . So , take a look . All right . That 's creepy . Is he off in the corner actually throwing the stuff around . And pulling these drawers open with fishing line ? There are many theories on how this could be hoaxed . But at the same time , what if it is a real poltergeist , And what is it supposed to look like ? In fact , there are several people . Who have posted explanation videos . As to how he did this , And they pointed out certain parts . Where there are reflections of objects . Or people dressed in green-screen suits , And he takes the videos down right away . So there 's a lot of speculation . That , yes , this has been faked . I would love to investigate a poltergeist video , But I just feel like the credibility of this specific one . Is really in question for me . So , for me , I 'd have to pass on this video . I agree . Let 's choose one that possibly . Has a better chance of being real . Okay , austin . All right , guys . I 'm going cryptozoological bory . Edyon . A fnydyiaamilbor thamhe t loch ness monster , or " nessie " ? Of course . This is basically pennsylvania 's version . Of the loch ness monster . I wish more than anything I had actual footage . However , I don 't . I only have a photo . Take a look . What do you guys think ? Looking at togs he , phot it could easily have been faked . Did you speak to any eyewitnesses ? Numerous eyewitnesses . From all over the world that travel to the lake . Claim to have seen the same exact creature , And I 've personally spoke with two different witnesses . From different locations . That saw it years apart from each other . And described basically the same thing . The famous loch ness is supposedly a plesiosaurus . That , you know , lived through the ice ages . And made it to today 's time . Are we looking at one of those here , Or maybe is it an eel , a large sea snake ? Highly unlikely . That a plesiosaur is living in a man-made lake , But I would be very open to the possibility . There might be some type of large eel-like creature . Or something out there . Now , based on this photo , How big do they estimate this sea creature to be ? You know what ? They 've been saying it 's excess of 20 feet . And it 's actually not that big , Considering the drastic size of the lake . The lake is up to 200 feet deep at parts . And is over 30 miles long . I really like this photo . It 's not much that you 're bringing to us . I think chi-lan makes a great point . This could be easily faked , But when you combine it with the credible witnesses . It sounds like you 've spoken to . Who have claimed to see this thing , I think we might have something here . I have a lot of good ideas for great ways . To replicate this without using trick photography . Has anyone ever gone into the lake . And gone searching for this sea creature ? Not that I know of . So , I think we should keep this as a definite contender . Let 's see what else we have today . I have a video from north carolina . This occurrence happened in may of 2009 , So it 's pretty fresh . And it 's a guy who was driving on a road in charlotte . That 's known for having strange activities happening . He was in the front seat , and he was filming . This is what it looks like . Oh , goodness . Yeah , you see it right there . I always have an issue . Why would somebody just be filming out the windshield ? Can you advance it just to where it appears . In the middle of the frame ? All right . Guys , I need to cry foul on this one . It 's a composite . In my opinion , this is a digital effect . There 's two videos here . One , there was a passenger , Somebody videotaping from the inside of the car . As it 's going down the road , and there 's a second video . Of a person jumping across the road . So , this is an actual person . Mm-hmm . They did a composite , and they did a digital smear . It 's fake . You can see the dissolve . It 's a person . I think I 'm satisfied with that . I don 't think there 's really any need . To look further into this one . Sorry , jael . Now let 's go back to the videos that we reviewed today . I love the ghost-writing case , bill . I think it 's awesome . I think it 's definitely decided . Ghost writer is a must . So , bill , why don 't you take chi-lan and larry . And head on out there ? I love the raystown ray story . Raystown . Okay . So , I 'll take austin . And , jael , you want to do some diving with me ? Absolutely . Well , let 's head out . All right . Let 's do it . Coming up on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... We 've seen this black , shiny something or other . Submerged again . Right here is where . The dead body is supposed to be buried . This is weird ! Oh ! Residents have been getting communication . Via writing that appears on polaroids . It 's ghost writing . Ghost writer is a must . There are numerous eyewitnesses . From all over the world . That claim to have seen the same creature . Raystown . Okay . Oh , man . You guys see that view ? Looks like the same exact place . Where they took the photograph from . In fact , got it right here . You can see right off the point there . We 're looking straight at it . Same angle and everything . The guy who took this photograph . Still wanted to remain anonymous , So we 're not able to talk to him . We 've got some witnesses coming . Who have actually seen very siiar things in the lake . John ? Hi . Yes . How are you ? Good to see you . Nice to see you . I hear you got a great story to tell us about ray . Yeah , we were on a boat ride about 16 years ago , And we seen a bunch of bubbles surface to the water . To the left of us . And after we seen the bubbles , We seen this big , black , shiny something or other . Just surface , twisted , and just submerged again . Were you able to make out a color or a texture , even ? It looked black and shiny . Texture - - you know , it seemed . Like it was something of a fish scale . Or something like that . When we seen it , we didn 't know that there was this " creature " In the water called raystown ray until about a year later . So , you 'd never heard anybody else talk about it ? You 'd never heard anything about this thing ? No . Nothing at all . Sounds like you guys saw something , like , incredible . Well , we were down here wiping the jet skis off . And there was a boat that was coming in , And we saw this thing . That was , like , striding along the water . Like , it had , like - - The neck and the head were up out of the water . We watched it for probably about two or three minutes , Just stunned , and then it went down in the water , And we didn 't get a chance to get any pictures or anything . Now , how far away were you ? 500 , 600 feet . Something like that . Okay , now , you 've seen photos of ray , right , That 's right out here by the point ? Yeah . How would you say that compared to what you saw ? The neck and the head . - - That compared . One thing that I found really interesting . About all the witnesses that we 've talked to - - One pair had experienced this sighting 16 years ago , And the other pair was just last year , So it gives some credence to the story . Whatever this thing is , I 'm really excited to get out there and see what we find . Of course , one of the prime theories . Is that this could be some type of a log . I mean , look around . We 're surrounded by trees . It 's possible some kind of odd-shaped log . Is bobbing along out there . We 'll find a log that looks like the same shape , See if we can get it in the same location . The object was in the photograph , and tow it around . Yeah , we 're at the exact same vantage point . Where the photo was taken . Well , I 've got the camera , so I 'll stay here . And snap some while you 're down there . Perfect . Okay ? All right . Hopefully , we can find a log that 's gonna be big enough . To actually replicate what was in the photo . Let 's go . Go ahead , jael . Making sure that we 're all good . Since I just got to the top , here . Okay . You 're in place . We 're ready to go find our log . Look . Austin , I think we 've found our ray . Yeah , I think that 'll work . All right , bud , here 's the rope . All right . Got it . You get it ? Yeah . We 're towing . Hey , jael , Start taking pictures now as it moves into place . Y , he gs . He I 've snapped a ton of photos . I 'm gonna pack up my things and come meet you at the dock . Copy that . Hey . What did it look like ? Well , it did look good . But personally , I don 't think it was a log . Thure xtof s e 'f . Te . S hia ts wa lo edflt . Hayave st . Oae . S hia ts wa lo edflt . Hayave st . Ikit 's'sot lte us jit gonna dip under the wake . That the eyewitnesses were talking about . If you 're saying it 's not a log , This could definitely be a hoax . I think we have to take our next experiment . Heading in that direction . All right , guys , well , let 's put this equipment away . And get to it , yeah ? What we 've got here to build our creature . Is some pvc pipe . And we 've capped off the ends so this becomes very buoyant . And then we 've attached a keel made of plywood . And weighted it at the bottom . On top of this , We 're going to fasten the humps and the head to the creature . Whoa . Wow . Good job . Yeah , this will go right here on the end , And then our two humps on the other part . And , wow , this is gonna look really good . I think the head is done . Let 's lift this puppy up , see what it looks like . Look at that . Ray is tall . This is gonna look great . I say , jael , we 'll let you head back up to the view point . Ben and I , let 's hit the boat , Let 's get this thing loaded up . I bet this thing 's gonna look even better in the water . The guys are down there . They have our mock creature that we 've created . They 're gonna launch it out into the water . Where we saw the original creature in the photograph , And hopefully we 'll see if it 'll look exactly the same . There you go . Okay , jael , the head is in the water , So get ready to take some shots . Copy that . I 've got my eyes on you . And as soon you get close . To the one from the original photograph , I will start snapping away . Copy that . Okay , jael , how 's the position ? It 's looking just right . You guys just need to pull away from the creature . Pulling away , and his head is coming up . Come on , boy . Come on . There you go . There you go . Hey , guys , it 's looking great . I 'm gonna grab the digital camera and start snapping away . That 's perfect . The guys are down there . They have our mock creature that we 've created . Okay , jael , how 's the position ? It 's looking just right . Jael , are we good ? We 're golden , you guys . Great . We 're gonna pack up . We 'll meet you down at the dock . You feed a stray once , and they keep coming back . Let 's see this . Check it out . Hey . That looks pretty good , huh ? I like how the lengths tw th n peeero . E be hey . That looks pretty good , huh ? Ke ma itli lmak oo k s vi it I cure ngtlit at . Bi . Tre dithan it did where we wer . Ke ma itli lmak oo k s vi it I cure ngtlit at . Bi . R lisy ookslleall , odbu twe don 't go after really good . We go after perfect . And it 's not perfect . Ok at how much time and energy . It took toctually make this thing . The probability of a local actually doing the same thing , Launching it off this dock without anyone else noticing , And also creating that movement . That the eyewitnesses were talking about , And actually having it descend - - We weren 't able to do that . If all we had was a photo , I would say . This is probably good enough to say this is what it could be , But we interviewed . Different people that have actually seen it , So we know something is out there that 's living . I say it 's time we stop replicating - - Time we actually start go looking for something . Let 's get in the water . Okay . I agree . Austin is going to start his sweep of the lake . His boat is equipped with state-of-the-art sonar , Which has got really great resolution . In fact , it can pick up anything . The size of the end of your pinky . At the same time , jael and I are also gonna start a sweep , And we 'll be looking for anything above the water . We 're gonna be ready in our scuba gear . If austin sees anything , he calls us , We 're ready to go into the water . We 'll see what we can find . And I think we 're pretty much geared up . I 've been scanning the lake for quite some time now . I 'm still not seeing anything . But , obviously , I mean , patience is one of the biggest keys . When you 're scanning a lake of this size . That is huge . Guys , I just found something . I 'm not sure what it is . But this thing is huge . How many feet are you talking ? I 'm saying easily 15 feet . You need to hurry . It 's going in and out of screen on the sonar . I see you guys . I see you guys . There he is , straight ahead . You guys , I 'm not even sure of what I saw , but it was huge ! Like , it was taunting me , on and off the screen . You guys ready to get wet ? Jael , I am reading you clearly . Over . That type of visibility is very unsafe . Remember , guys , what I saw is big . Watch your backs . Perfect - - you guys should just be getting . Below the first thermocline , Feeling a slight fluctuation in temperature . That 's where the predators are gonna be . If ray 's down there , you guys should find him . Are you seeing anything ? Over . Copy that . Austin to team . How are you guys doing on air ? You guys got to be running low . Why don 't you head back to the boat ? Copy . Wow ! You guys okay ? We 're doing okay , But you couldn 't see anything down there . Thank you . All right , man , it looks like . If you guys couldn 't see anything , Our next option 's fishing . Let 's put out some bait , see what we can get . If we can 't see it , let 's see if we can feed it . Okay , guys . What I 'm thinking is we should take this , Tie a couple of buoys to the end of this . Because it 's gonna be heavily weighted down , Keep it afloat . We make the leader travel down to about 35 feet . All right . Oh , geez . Lift him up there . Look at this . There you go . We got a big guy . Bring him over . I think it 's probably a good idea that we chose a carp . Because there are so many in this lake . That , you know , if ray is inside this lake , This could be a natural food source for him . Fish is all hooked up and ready to go . Over the top . There we go . Let 's go fishing , guys . So , we 're gonna keep a really good eye on these bobbers . If they go down , I 'll let you know . See if we hook anything . Obviously , we don 't want to kill whatever it is . We just want to take a closer look . Yeah . And I think setting the bait out there . Might just do the trick . How we looking , guys ? Are we having any movement at all back there ? Nothing yet . Let 's head over back where you picked up . The first sonar reading . All right . Whoa ! Are you going straight ? Sure am . Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa , whoa ! I can feel it . It 's trying to hold the boat . If we can 't see it , let 's see if we can feed it . Austin , are you going straight ? Sure am . Whoa ! We 're onto something now . These things went right under . Whatever this is , is stronger than the boat . It 's trying to hold the boat . Yeah . Cut the engine . Whoa ! Let 's go check it out . Let 's go back and see if we even have any bait left . Raystown . We interview our witnesses . They actually , to me , Seemed really pretty credible . Yeah . So , after speaking with the witnesses , We wanted to start on our experiments , The first one being the theory that it 's gonna be some type . Of log floating out there . If you take a really close look , Bv t 's othiot xthateuse otcolochdo nat m u . If you take a really close look , So ie wde our second experiment , Which was the re-creation of making our own ray . Now , this semelo cr . Still , ' tt mewasng . Sin . Rgub now , this semelo cr . U coyodn jus 'tt make it duck underwater . Like people were saying the original was doing . So , after doing that , We decided to do an investigation of the lake . Austin went out on his boat equipped with sonar . He discovered something under the water . That seemed like it was a considerable size . Jael and I went out there , dove in the water . Visibility was terribly poor . Whatever it was , we couldn 't see it . So , after doing that , we tried to get it closer to us , And we trolled around trying to attract this thing . Towards our bait . And there was a moment there . Where we thought we were onto something pretty big . Whoa ! Whoa , whoa ! Whoa ! Look out . Whatever this is , is stronger than the boat . Turns out we were onto something big . We were actually snagged , though , on the bottom . We hooked on a rock or a tree or something 'cause it literally just jolted . You guys did a really good job replicating the photo . But you guys were out there . What do you guys think it is ? I think we have so many credible witnesses . And people saying they have seen something , There still may actually be . Some large creature out in the lake . Just having captured something on the sonar . And all of these other sightings , Yeah , I 'm pretty convinced that something 's down there . Well , from what I 'm seeing from what you guys have done , I say this remains unexplained . Yeah , well , you know , with so many witnesses and this photo , There 's a strong possibility . That there is a sea creature dubbed ray . Living in these waters . I believe that there is something there . So , this case is still unexplained . So , I 'm excited to hear . What happened in the ghost-writer case . As you recall , the homeowners had been communicating . With a ghost named wright through polaroid pictures . Mm-hmm . They feel like something paranormal . Is going on in their house , And they asked us to come in and check it out ourselves . Here 's what happened . John . Hey . How 's it going ? Hey , bill . Nice to see you . Nice seeing you , too . Thanks for allowing us to come into your home . Well , I 'm glad you guys could come here and help us . Figure out what the hell is going on here . Well , we can spend a few minutes talking about it . All right . How did the polaroids get started in the first place ? I mean , what 's the origin behind that ? Christmas 1991 , I got a polaroid camera from my dad . I had felt things here . Since I moved in in 1990 for a couple of years , And a lot of people had . So , I was sitting there working at the table , And the bathroom door opened . And we had joked about . Whether you could get a picture of something or not , And so I thought , " well , that 's a good enough sign . So , I took a picture , and nothing showed up , And then I closed the door and got back to work , And it did it again . And so I took another picture , and then this thing showed up . So , what did you see in the first polaroids you took ? Different shapes of light . We kept taking them and taking them . And trying to come up with what could possibly be causing it . So we brought a bunch of friends over , and we said , " well , we got something to show you guys . " We showed them the photographs . They were like , " oh , this is so cool . How did you do this ? " One of our friends said , " well , is he here now ? " And somebody grabbed the camera and snapped a picture , And then we were looking at it , and we saw it . And it was literally 45 minutes before we realized . That it actually said something , and it said " yes . " Next logical question was , " what 's your name ? " And that was the second polaroid . And he said his name was wright . At one point , we asked if he was a good ghost or a bad ghost , And he answered , " friend . " Oh . Oh , wow . " is it difficult to communicate with us ? " " takes a dead lift . " Years ago , a psychic friend of ours claimed . That there was a dead body under the house , And he showed us right where , or within a certain perimeter , Where this body would be . I 'd be willing to climb under there . Let 's take it inside . Thank you . In here is where the vortex - - This is where we 've alwa been told the vortex is , Right in front of the bathroom . And this is supposedly the portal . Where all the spirits , entities , whatever , enter , And then they shoot across there and exit by the stove . Right here is the area where the dead body . Is supposed to be buried . So , we 're , like , standing over it ? Yeah . All right . Let 's get started . We 're gonna do what john has been doing for years - - Ask some questions at the place . Where john believes there is a vortex , Snap a photo , and see if anything 's been written . On the polaroids . You guys ready ? Yeah . Okay , so , this is brand-new . Brand-new . That 's it . When you look at the way the pictures were all taken , They were all taken in this direction . Remember , this is the vortex and this is the flow of energy , So they 're all taken pretty much in this direction , So we should really focus on shooting here And here . I want to know ... How many of you are here ? Are you helping us in our investigation ? Can you speak to us please ? You guys get anything ? Nothing . I got nothing in mine , too . No written responses appeared in our polaroids . Maybe the entity is not ready to send us a message yet . But in the meantime , We now have to begin to explore the possibility . That this ghost-writer event may be something man-made . A lot of theories are floating out that the reason . Why this polaroid gets crazy ghost writing on it . Is because it 's actually a play on exposure , So we 've gone ahead and developed the acetate test . Where we will take a piece of clear acetate , paint it , Take undeveloped polaroid film , Pre-expose it with writing on it , Feed it back into the camera , and then take a picture with it , So then it actually gets a double exposure on it - - The first time with the writing ... And the second time with our image . And that will give us our ghostly writing . On our own polaroid . But what we want to do is take this and make it opaque . Once we get an opaque layer here , We 're gonna actually scratch in the lettering , Put it over so then light will actually filter . Through the lettering that we 've scratched ... Okay . ... And the rest of it will stay unexposed . That will actually burn that light image into the film . So , the next thing we 're gonna do is head into the dark room . So , this is my pack of film . I 'm gonna jump down on the ground . I 'm actually gonna eject the film now , one by one . Larry , can you hand me one of the acetates ? One . Okay , and this is up . So , I 'm gonna hold it up to the film , And I 'm gonna have you go ahead and take my digital camera . And just take a picture so that the flash exposes the film . And flash . Now that we 've exposed every single one of our polaroids , We have to put it back into the cartridge . As if it hasn 't been touched . So , all we have to do now is open up this pack , Load it into our camera , and take own ghost polaroids . Well , let 's get to it . Okay . Put this in . And eject the dummy . There you go . Oh . Bingo . Okay . And I have them in the order that they were taken , but , uh ... Oh . Whoa ! This is weird ! We 're gonna actually scratch in the lettering . That will actually burn at light image into the film . Put this in . Whoa ! Whoa ! This is weird ! What is is stuff ? This is strange . Yeah . Our polaroid experiment . Actually had some really confusing results . Take a look at this - this is the actual polaroid . That we did in our situation room . And you can tell the writing is there , And even though the lighting is off , It looks pretty close . To what the ghost-writer photographs look like . But when we did the same eerim . En . Rihe g-wst-whor ok at what happened . There are blobs of light instead of actual text . Our polaroid experiment was inconclusive . And didn 't give us the information that we needed , So now we 're gonna focus on the video , And we 're gonna see if the video was faked . To do that , we 're gonna use a very large sheet of plexiglas . And put ghost-writer words on it . All right , that 's as tight as it 's gonna get . So , you remember the video of the ghost writing that we saw ? This is gonna help us re-create that video . And here 's the photograph . It just came out of the camera . " corpus delicti . " To mimic the video , larry and I are gonna stand . On one side of the plexiglas . Bill is gonna go ahead and put ghost-writer phrases . On the glass . Larry and I are gonna shoot bill through the plexiglas , Avoiding the ghost writing on the bottom of the plexi . Bill is then gonna take a polaroid of us . With the ghost writing in his frame . So , hopefully , that 'll explain the possible paranormal event . That was captured on john 's video . All right . Let 's give it a try . You ready ? Polaroid number one . Ooh , I see the writing appearing right now . Beginning to develop . Hold it still , bill . 'cause it 's coming out , and I see it . You know what the problem is ? I 'm seeing a reflection of your red light in the plexi , And my camera 's actually focusing on your red light . Oh , yeah . I see yours now , too . And that 's what 's causing my camera . To notocus on the polaroid any longer . This plexiglas , it 's full of reflections - - Light bouncing off of the wooden bookcases , The shiny book covers , the kitchen utensils . Everything right now is bouncing light . In this dark environment . Here 's something else that 's a real issue . When I look at this photo , I can see the flash bounce from my camera . I have to admit I think we 're all . A little disappointed by the results . The picture that bill took was somewhat convincing , But it was the video . That just didn 't look anything like the original . There was no way we could keep the glares out . So , it didn 't replicate it , by any means . The plexiglas experiment did not work . If we cannot re-create this event inside the house , Maybe there is something paranormal . Occurring outside the house . John mentioned to us the psychic told him . That there could be a body buried under the house . Directly below where john believes . The vortex exists in the living room . To search under the house , We brought in an expert in ground-penetrating radar . We essentially develop a two-dimensional image . As we move an antenna along the ground 's surface , And that image is used to identify reflection patterns . That could conceivably show us where something 's buried . Could this potentially find a dead body under the ground ? It should . We 're gonna go down underneath the house , And we 're gonna have to move the antenna , the radar antenna , Ong the ground 's surface . And as we go along , We 'll probably make ticks to identify various points . That all comes back to the recording system . That we 'll be standing at , looking at . If you guys see something on the screen , let us know . We 'll excavate those locations . Where an anomalous signal appears . Yeah . We 've placed the cameras in a spot . Where not only can you see what we 're doing , But you can see us , as well , so just keep an eye on us . Make sure we 're all right . Definitely . Definitely . All right , guys . I 'm rolling . You guys can head on in . All right . I 'm gonna pull it down . Okay . Go ahead and go whenever you 're ready . Ep the movement of the antenna continuous . Try to make those clicks . Roger that . Keep going . Keep going . Ah , right there . This is some kind of reflection . It 's something buried there off the edge . Hey , guys , see if you can dig . Anything up from that area . A what ? Hey , we just found some bones ! We 're gonna go down underneath the house , And we 're gonna have to move the radar antenna . Hey , we just found some bones ! I found another bone ! Two bones ! Well , just see if you can excavate . Anhing else from that site . More ! More bones ! We actually und three now ! It 'shree bones . They 're found underneath the area . Where the vortex is that john identified . We got a really good intervi with the residents of the house . Dung the interview , they mentioned . That a body could possibly be bled under the house . And we went under there to do a dig , And we found ... Bones . I have them right here . Actually had them analyzed by dr . Wake . He is the director . Of zooarchaeological laboratory at ucla . And , well , what he had to say was pretty interesting . This is a cow bone . And this is a chicken bone . I think that a lot of this case , it seems like , Will really rely on whether you believe . That these witnesses are credible or not . Actually , I was able to do a layered voice analysis . Over this interview , as well , like we 've done in the past , And I actually would like to show you . The results of that right now . I think you 're gonna find these results very interesting . So , one of the polaroids they took , He says it had writing on it , And he 's being completely truthful . So , what 's your final thought on this , bill ? Between our inability to replicate the results . By manipulating the film directly or with the plexiglas , Plus the fact that they seem to be truthful . In the entire case , It just remains completely mind-boggling to me , And it still can 't be solved . I agree . I have to follow that layered-voice analysis . I think what they 're telling us is true . I got to tell you - - I 'm baffled . I 've dona lot of photography in my day , And I 've studied a lot , and the fact that I can do this , And I can have the same results , But yet I can 't do it when we 're on site , Really just confuses me . I agreed that case is not a hoax . I think we need file this as an unexplained . Transcript by Addic7ed . com Adriano _ CSI
