 Tonight on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... Ben : I 've never seen anything like th before . Oh , my goodness ! Oh ! What is it doing ? Mark : I happened to look up , And I saw a little black dot up there . Unleash night crawler . What the heck is happening ? Oh , my god , that 's incredible ! Can you see anything in the air right now ? Camera three just fell over . We 're on the way . There 's definitely something weird going on out here . You know what ? I just heard something . There 's something moving . Larry : I don 't want to be worried , But I 'm starting to get there . Oh , my goodness ! There 's a flying saucer . I 'm getting a series of lights right there . Oh , my god ! What the heck is that ? Hello , hello . Hey , what 's up , ben ? Hey , there , ben . What 's going on , guys ? Good . You guys ready to watch some videos ? Always . Man : Of course we are . We 'll start out with what I 've got for you today . For the first time ever , We have two ufos caught on video crashing into one another . It happened in israel . This guy had seen one ufo . Splitting into two and sometimes three , So he decides to take out his video camera , And this is what he captures . Okay , you see this object here . And you 'll see something moving from left to right . Wow . And then you see kind of a ball . Larry : Definitely an explosion . Yeah . That 's not necessarily a collision , But these things are just joining again . Ben : That is a possible theory . You know , lately , they 've been talking a lot . About these kind of organic-type ufos . It 's a process of mitosis . Cellular division , one cell becomes two , And what 's to say that it just wasn 't reverse mitosis ? You know , it 's in israel , the middle east . There 's a lot of war going on right there . Who 's to say that this wasn 't a plane . And that wasn 't a missile shooting it down ? Chi-lan : Right , cawhuse oren they collide , There 's a big burst of light , And then they go vertically down . Gravity pulls it down . Did they go out and look for any debris after the crash ? In fact , they went out the very next day , But investigators found no wreckage whatsoever . What do you guys think about it being faked or being real ? I 'd say it 's an actual event that 's occurring , So that 's a fact . But - - we 're not being hoaxed . You think it 's worth going out ? I think we should pass with this one . I 'd pass on this one . All right . Let 's move on . Jael : Okay , guys . This is a ghost case coming all the way from new york . There was an older woman . Her name is rose benvenuto . And she got into a horrific accident . She literally walked away from the car accident . With no scratches . Untouched , completely fine . Later on , there was a photographer . Her name is sharon boo . And she had taken several pictures of the wreckage . Wow . This is the photograph . And she ... Bill : She walked away ? That 's her car ? Man : That is ... Unbelievable . ... Destroyed . One of the photographs came out very curiously . There was an image of a figure . Now , this woman rose swears that this was her guardian angel . Ooh . Wow . It looks more angelic . It does look angelic . This is shot on film , not digitally ? It 's a photograph . And the odd thing is that it also came out in the negative , Which is really hard to fake . Larry : You don 't think it could be a refraction of light , though ? I mean , it doesn 't necessarily have to be hoax , But is there some other reason . On why that light 's coming off like that ? Well , chi-lan , you know a bit about photography , right ? Yes . Could a light like that actually appear in the negative ? It definitely can . A lot of photographers have actually overexposed their negatives . To get an effect like that . You know , I 'd almost want to not even investigate . And let myself believe that 's what happened . I feel like I 've had guardian angels or powers that be . Save my life numerous times , Only I wish I had a photo like that to prove it . So , who thinks we should maybe look at this a little bit later ? I think that we could investigate it a little further , But for now , we can set it aside . And see what else we have to look at . Ben : Okay . Let 's move on . So , bill , tell me about your case today . Well , this particular video 's been making the rounds . At some of the paranormal conferences , And it 's gotten really popular . This was recorded in fresno in 2007 . Let me cue it up , because I think it speaks for itself . All right . There 's a creature coming the top left of the screen . Chi-lan : What is that ? I don 't know what it is . But it 's not like any of the other cryptoids , Or bigfoot , or anything else we 've seen before . Larry : Look , you can almost see the little legs at the bottom . Yeah . And you can see its shadow as well . Very long . Notice that it has a head . I 've never seen anything like this before . It 's really - - it 's weird . I don 't know what else to call it . Now , what 's this one coming in here ? Jael : Oh , my goodness ! What 's it doing ? Anatomically speaking , I 've never seen anything . That looks like either of these figures before . Ben : No , I 've never seen anything like it . Where was it walking toward ? Bill : I don 't know where it was walking towards , But , you know , in response to what you 're saying , too , I forwarded a copy of this clip to animal control in fresno . They have never seen anything like this , And nothing else has been reported like it in the area . The reason why he set up the camera . Is because there were dogs barking in the area , And so he thought maybe . There was burglars or prowlers coming through . So he put a surveillance camera up . When he woke up , he saw it on his camera , Rewound the vhs vcr , And taped it right off the screen . Now , unfortunately , these , like , surveillance vcrs . Will re-record over themselves , So what was recorded on the camcorder . Is the only footage that exists . The gentleman who recorded it is now reaching out . To the paranormal community for help . Larry : I like it . I think it 's like nothing we 've ever done before . I think this could be a contender for us . I agree . We 've got very compelling video . We have a credible witness . Plus , we 've got an actual physical , tangible location . We can do a lot of experiments with . Why don 't we see what else we have ? Let 's keep it on the list of contenders . Okay . Austin , I think you got something . Austin : I got in contact . With a gentleman named mark preston . He was with his family on the 4th of July weekend . This happened in 2009 . They 're in the backyard , just having a barbecue . They look up . They see this object . Austin , where was this shot ? Lake havasu , arizona . A lot of activity in that area . Oh , it 's been a hotbed of activity . All right . Let 's take a look . Man : Let 's see if I can get it on camera . Woman : Can you zoom yours ? All right , there it is . I got it on camera . Man # 2 : Oh , my god . There 's a cloud . And there 's a flying saucer . It 's literally saucer-shaped , With a disc and then a little globe in the center . Well , the way it 's shining , it looks metallic . Okay , and one thing I really like about this . Is I truly feel their reactions are genuine . Chi-lan : They 're trying to figure out what it is . What 's interesting to me , too , Is that it looks like it has hard edges . It 's metallic . It 's reflecting the sunlight . Ben : It 's not often that you get such a sharp image . With high reflectivity like this has . Man : Wow . Look at that . Ben : What do you guys think ? Do you think we have enough to go on in this one ? I think there 's a lot to go for there . I do feel that we have so many things . Weighing for us in this case , I would love to go check it out . I think that we should keep this on the list of contenders . Well , chi-lan , it 's your turn . Woman : I 'm looking for it . Do you see it ? All right , so I have a video that was sent in from a family . They put it online . It has over 4 million hits , and it 's a ghost video . Now , the underwood family went to gettysburg , pennsylvania , For a vacation . They were just hanging out at night , and this is what they shot . Take a look . Woman : Movement , right ? Look here . Can you see it ? Man : Uh-huh . Look . Right there on the left . Man : Mm-hmm . Are you seeing that as well ? Yeah , yeah . Right there . Gettysburg , pennsylvania , especially in this area - - This is called triangular field , And more than 50,000 soldiers died . While going in the civil war here . So a lot of people actually saw this video . And thought that these are the ghosts of the soldiers . The shadow figure or ghost . Is following the same trajectory every time . It 's that same movement , same place . It just keeps moving right there . Exactly . And I feel like if it was a free spirit . Or whatever you would call it , You wouldn 't just keep seeing it doing this . In the exact same position . It kind of looked like lights to me , Like sort of headlights . And there are some paved roads out there . That tourists drive on . So , how does everyone feel about this case ? Is there enough there that we can try and replicate it , Or do we need more information ? It 's not at the top of my list , But I would consider it maybe later . Yeah , I agree with austin . Ben : Well , if it 's not at the top of our list right now , Which cases that we 've seen today . Do you think make the top three ? I really like night crawlers . I 'm really liking havasu . I think you guys know which one I liked - - The ghost car angel . It 's a very compelling story . However , I 'm a little worried . That there 's not much there to investigate . Yeah . All we have is a picture . We don 't have any video to go by . I like havasu , too . Havasu sounds like fun . It seems like we could do some really good stuff out there . Bill : Good eyewitness . Good video . Ben : Fresno and havasu is what I 'm hearing . I think we have our two cases . Bill , what do you say . That you take larry and jael with you to fresno ? Night crawlers ! And I will go with austin and chi-lan , And we 'll go to havasu . Okay ? Let 's go get ready . Narrator : Coming up on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... He heard his dogs barking . He came out . That 's when he saw the two beings . There 's something moving , bill . Bill : It 's more than one . I see it right there , right above the cloud line . You catch a shimmering back and forth . Us . Bill : Well , this particular video 's been making the rounds . At the paranormal conferences . I got in contact with a gentleman named mark preston . He was with his family . They see this object . I think we have our two cases . We 're on the way to fresno now to meet jose , Who was the witness . That recorded the night crawlers in his yard . We 're fortunate that we have jael with us , Because she speaks fluent spanish , And jose speaks very little english . She 's gonna be our translator . [ knock on door ] Hey . Hey . Mucho gusto . Larry . Jael : [ speaking spanish ] Jose . [ speaking spanish ] It was about 12 : 00 a . M. When it happened . [ speaking spanish ] He heard his dogs barking . He came out to look at the area and scan . [ speaking spanish ] He didn 't see anything , and he ran back inside . That 's when he saw the two beings on the video . Can he show us where he thinks . They may have entered and exited the yard ? So , the gate was closed ? The gate was closed . Wow , that 's very , very thin . No . Can 't see it actually come through . It 's too dark . Well , we 're gonna try to help in any way we can . Larry : If it is a hoax , I have no idea how he created it . And that 's what we 're gonna try to simulate tonight . We 're gonna put our own camera up in the corner . Where it originally was and try to re-create the video . I think all the important landmarks in this front yard . Are hitting just about the spots . They are on the original video . One of the most popular theories about the night crawler case . Is that it was a hoax . A lot of people believe that maybe it was a kid . Dressed like one of these creatures . In order to put this theory to rest , We 're gonna do just that . I 've enlisted the help of a neighborhood child . We 're gonna dress him up like a night crawler . And have him walk across the lawn . In the same path that the creature did . We 're marking the path . That we observed the figure in the video move . So , we 'll walk here . Here on this path ? Yeah . That looks really good . I want you to kick out your feet like this . Perfect . No way that a small child like that 's . Gonna be able to walk a perfect bee-line like this creature is . You ready , dominic ? Initiate the alien 's walk . Okay , there he is . What with dominic we 're seeing here . Is not what we 're seeing over here in jose 's video . This is obviously a person , And I don 't know what that is , but that 's not a child . You did a great job . Thank you very much . Let 's move on to a new experiment - - This time , something more mechanical . I 've got a mechanical night crawler . What I 've done here is . Connected a couple of turntables to some electric motors . This will spin this way , And a leg will come up , and then it sort of drops back . Jael : Good job , bill . Thank you . Bill : The idea is that there 's a puppet , That perhaps it was moved across the yard . With , like , a pulley system . We 're gonna put it on the rig . We 're gonna pull the puppet across the yard , And hopefully , we 'll have more success with this experiment . Than we did with the first one . This is looking pretty taut . This looks really good . Yeah , once we have it in motion , that 's the real test here . I 'm gonna go ahead and power up night crawler . And we are ready , set , go whenever you are . And I 'm gonna begin to pull . It 's moving easy enough . Larry : Gosh , look at that thing . Jael : It 's just so wobbly . It definitely has a sloppy motion ... Compared to that graceful movement , the gait . How did at l wook ? I don 't think we 've got our night crawler . What didn 't match ? It did not have the same motion . That the creature in jose 's video had . Okay , let 's set back up and perhaps put a cover on it . And see how that works . Copy that . Let 's give it a shot . Okay , so the second creature , It 's got almost like a covering on its body . So I 've got this . I 'm gonna put it over its head . Larry : I 'm interested to see how it 's gonna look . Once we put a sheet over it . You won 't see those legs . You won 't see that head . If you guys are ready , I 'm gonna go ahead and power it up . Copy that . We 're ready to go . Okay , the legs are in motion , and I 'll begin the pulley . Larry : I think we 've upgraded quite a bit . I mean , look at the fabric . And how it 's blowing on the legs . It 's similar to the original video . It 's still swaying . And really inconsistent in the way it 's moving . Hey , guys , how 'd that look ? That 's actually a lot better . The only thing that 's not matching up . Is just that there 's this side-to-side sway . That the creature in the video we saw did not have . What I could do is actually just take it off that cable , Off the pulley system . I attach that puppet to a stick . And walk it across , very carefully , the lawn . I think that will solve our stability issue . And we have access to great editing software . Back at the office . And it 'll be like you were never there . Exactly . I think that 's a great idea . Bill : Okay , you 're in position . Go ahead and start walking across the yard . Ohh ! It 's still kind of rocking this way . It 's pivoting when it touches the ground . It 's still too difficult , bill . I don 't think that this is a puppet . That we 're seeing on these videos . I don 't think we 'll know for certain . Until we get it into the edit room . And try to remove larry from the video . I say we try and find out if maybe this could be something . That 's alive that 's living in this area . Bill : Something 's unexplainable in this video . And if it wasn 't a hoax , It 's quite possible these creatures may be nearby . Just north of here is an expansive wooded area . We 're gonna pack up and head over there now . Jael : Maybe this could be something . That 's alive that 's living in this area . Bill : Just north of here is an expansive wooded area . It 's quite possible these creatures may be nearby . Larry : Why don 't you go ahead and make a horseshoe shape . With the cameras around this plateau we 're on ? We can get one over here , two , three , and four . Sounds good . I 'll get started with this one . I got a box of tapes here , And I got two more boxes of tapes here . So we 're set up for hours . Do you see my camera setup yet ? We can 't see anything on our end . We 're trying to hook up the other power source . Apparently the one we have has some problems . I think we 've got the - - [ static ] Hang on . [ static ] Can you read me ? Copy , larry . I 'm gonna need a new battery for the walkie , actually . [ beeping ] There 's some weird stuff going on tonight . I went through 2 walkie batteries in 10 minutes . We have a battery that usually feeds all our cameras . That didn 't turn on . There 's definitely something weird going on out here . Larry : All right , it 's up and ready to go . This area really shouldn 't have anything . That 's gonna be interfering with our gear . At least not that I know of . We 're gonna see if there 's a source we haven 't documented . That 's causing all of our equipment to fail . We 're gonna do an emf sweep . And try to get baseline readings . And if there 's buried conduit that we don 't know about , That 's not documented , Then we 're gonna use the metal detector . To see if we can pick up that pipe . Jael : We 'll see you in a bit . All right . Here it is . Still no change in the meter reading . We 're still looking at the perimeter , And we 're still investigating the tree line . You know what 's kind of odd ? What ? My metal detector went out . It went out ? Yeah . This had a new battery in it . Are you serious ? Yeah . Yeah . This thing 's out now , too . Bill : My walkie-talkie died . The I.R. Monitors won 't power up . And now my metal detector won 't work . Something in this area . Is definitely causing electronics to fail . I don 't know what it is . Maybe it 's the creatures in the area . That jose reported . That 's somehow causing our equipment to malfunction . Well , looks like no change in readings . Did you guys hear that ? I do hear that . Larry , do you hear that ? It 's like a high ... [ yipping ] Let 's go over there . Run . Larry : Hey , guys . Do you happen to be next to camera four ? No , why ? What 's the issue with camera four ? Camera four just went out . I 'm not sure why . I didn 't know if maybe you guys were close to it . And maybe you bumped the cord or something . Bill : You know what ? I think we should be looking for something that 's organic . We should break out the thermal camera , And we should see if we can spot something . That 's alive and breathing . It just came back . I 'm not sure if it 's something that 's touching it . I can 't see anything with it right now . I didn 't see anything before it went out . So I 'm not sure what it is . Here 's your thermal imager . Great . Monitor four just went out again . Again ? Yeah . It just went out right now . Camera four just went out again . You know what ? I 'm just heading out there right now . Keep me up to date with the radio . That 's really interesting . We were all here . I mean , they were right here , And for some reason , camera four just went out . Okay , there it is . I 'm not seeing anything out of the ordinary . Um , something just fell in front of our - - Camera three just fell over completely . You said by three now ? Yeah , our whole camera three just fell over . We 're on the way . What the heck is happening ? I don 't see anything , but camera three is down . I don 't want to be worried , but I 'm starting to get there . Bill : You know what ? I just heard something in the trees beyond it . So , larry , I 'm not sure if you can see it . There 's something in that tree line over there . I see you . I see where you 're pointing . I 'll - - I don 't see anything . There 's something moving through those trees over there . Jael : There 's something moving . There 's something moving now . Look , look , look ! Actually , it 's more than one . It 's more than one . Here 's your thermal imager . Jael : Great . There 's something moving through those trees over there . Look , look , look ! Actually , it 's more than one . It 's more than one . It looks like it 's moving somewhere from the tree . U know what it looks like ? They 're gone . They 're gone . I 'm gonna head over there . This is where they must have gone . Look at this . Something has been walking this path , And it 's going right to the water hole . There was some sort of disturbance . It looks like it 's , you know , Like something was treading through here . Jael : It 's close to 5 : 00 a . M. At this point . We 've been here all night . I 'm not quite sure what else we could do . Well , I mean , I 'm with you . I don 't know if we can accomplish anything else . While we 're out here . I think we should take the evidence we 've gathered so far , And we should pack it up for the night . Larry : My gosh . You guys were out there forever . Well , a lot was going on . Yeah , I know . I could see it , I could hear it , I could feel it . There 's so much that was going on just right here . I can 't even imagine . What was going on out there with you guys . It felt like we were the ones being toyed with , And we were the ones that were being targeted , Not the other way around . There was definitely some movement back there , So we have a lot of tape to review . I say we pack up and go . Most definitely . Let 's get out of here . Agreed . Ben : That was a long trip , huh ? Jael : Yeah . So , fresno team , tell me about your investigation . Well , it started off with a really good witness interview . Jose , the homeowner . Did jose seem like a credible witness to you ? Most certainly . He was a great witness . I was able to run voice analysis on this interview , And I want you guys to see the results . Ben , if you could cue that up for me . All right . Jose : [ speaking spanish ] All right , he says he heard his dogs barking . He went , looked out his window , didn 't see anything . This whole interview is just full of truth . There is some stress , There is excitement through this interview . But as we were interviewing him , he was literally shaking . What he thinks he saw , he doesn 't know what it is , And it does scare him to death . So you don 't think that this could have been a hoax at all . If it was , he wasn 't in on it . Well , if it 's not paranormal , and it is a hoax , Then somebody must have pulled it on jose . So we put that to the test , And we came up with a couple of ideas . On how we could replicate the video . So one of them , the simplest one , Was that it was simply a child walking across the yard . And even though we found a kid that was about the right heigh . It was simply too big . So , next was like , maybe it was a puppet . So we built a mechanized puppet , And we moved it on a pulley system across the yard . The problem with using the pulley system is . That the puppet tends to bounce . Because of the length of the rope . Then we moved on to maybe larry can sort of walk . The mechanized puppet across the yard on a pole . So we did that , And then I removed larry 's image in the edit bay . As you can see , despite our best efforts , We really weren 't able to replicate the video . Jael : And after we tried all three experiments . And we still couldn 't get an answer , We decided to do a night investigation . And that 's when things really started to get strange . Within an hour , my walkie batteries died , And then our cameras started to go out . We had our thermal camera with us . And we turned it on , And here 's what we got on camera . Once we saw these in the thermal camera , We realized we 're looking at two creatures . Maybe they were deer . We did follow them as far as we could . It ended up leading to a small natural lake , And that 's where we lost sight of them . It could be some sort of indigenous creature . That we still haven 't discovered . Based on the apparent truthfulness . Of our witness , jose , And based on the fact . We have something unidentified moving out there , We can 't say right now that we know this was faked . You weren 't able to prove the video was hoaxed , So I say this is unexplainable . Great job , guys . Tell us about havasu . Well , as you know , Chi-lan and austin and I went to lake havasu . After watching mark preston 's footage of a flying saucer . That was filmed over his house July 4th of 2009 . Now , mr . Preston was very perplexed at what he saw . So we went out to havasu , and this is what happened . Chi-lan : This lake is beautiful . Austin : It 's also one of the number-one locations . For ufo sightings in all of arizona . There were eight sightings that we recorded in 2008 . In 2009 , there were 22 sightings , And that 's a triple jump right there in numbers . How you doing ? I 'm ben . Nice to meet you . We 'd like to check out where you shot this thing . Ben : Now , what were you guys doing before you started filming ? Kind of take us through . Exactly what was going on that afternoon . We were just getting ready to barbecue back here , Just kind of chatting . And I happened to look up at the sky , And I saw a little black dot up there in the cloud . Kind of afraid to say the word " flying saucer , " 'cause it was like a perfect one , I 'm thinking . Michele : We were saying the same thing . So , it was kind of - - Is that really what we 're seeing ? What part of the sky did you first see it ? It was just probably straight up there , Probably about 4,000 feet up , through the telephone wires . And where did you last see it ? About 20 minutes later , It was up around up in the front of the house . It had gone all the way around by the mountains . And was probably up about 6,000 feet , I 'd say . And that 's when you see the commercial jet flying over . There goes a jet right by it . This was the camera that I used on it . Do you think it 's okay if I take that camera . And conduct some experiments with it ? Sure . I think we can set up the glass right about here . Perfect . Ben : Even though I believe mark and his family . Are telling the truth , We have to fulfill our due diligence . And look at this from all angles . Our first experiment is going to be a reflection test . What we 're doing right now is getting the frame built . I 'm glad you guys are doing this , Because I barely passed wood shop . We need to angle it so that we are perpendicular . Right to where he was looking out . And what we 're gonna do is take an object similar to the ufo . And try to reflect it off of a pane of glass . Just set it down a little bit . Perfect . That 's it . There it is . What we 're gonna do with the shadow box . Is put this flying saucer in the middle of it . And then take a searchlight to shine against the saucer , Which will reflect back towards the pane of glass . We 're taking mark 's exact camera here , The one that he used . That 's perfect . Austin : Do you see that ? Grab it . Can you record that ? I see it right there , right above the cloud line . You can see the cloud line . It 's right above it . You catch a shimmering back and forth . Where are you guys seeing it ? See the long cloud ? The plane where it looks like a table top ? Right above it . It 's going real small . You can barely see it . It 's floating away . I saw a little black dot up there in the clouds . Austin : I see it right there . Right above the cloud line . Where are you guys seeing it ? While setting up our experiment . And as we 're looking up in the sky , I just caught an object floating . Can 't really tell exactly what it is . I 'm not seeing anything . Are you zoomed up ? Yeah , see if you can find it . Zoom it up as close as possible . Oh , I 'm almost losing it . Ben : Describe what - - it was white ? It looked like it was floating with the wind projections , Is honestly what it looked like it was doing . Just being pulled along . It was almost like a square shape , And it just kind of came up along the ridgeline of the cloud . And just took off and kind of disappeared fairly quickly . Let 's keep our eyes open . And let 's get back to finishing this . Yeah . So , we 're using the actual camera . That mark preston used to film this object . We 're trying to replicate it as best as we can . We have this pane-glass window . We 're going to take our ufo object , Hang it in the middle here , And shine a light towards the object , Which will in turn reflect it back towards the window . Ben : So why don 't you bring in the object ? Start back here . Start bringing it up . I will hit it with this . Now , I am not actually on camera . I 'm not seeing anything of any type of reflection yet . Austin : I don 't think that it 's dark enough . Or these lights are strong enough . The only time you see it is . As soon as you get it into the sunlight . In the actual video , you can tell that the object is - - It 's straight solid . This is so transparent . We 're not able to make it look solid , Nor anything like the video . When the prestons shot this video , They actually saw that ufo . That doesn 't mean it was a ufo . It still could have been a balloon . Or an object just floating in the sky , For all we know as of right now . But I do definitely agree it was not this . And it is very apparent we are dealing with a ufo . It 's either an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . Or an unbelievably fake object . The most important thing I grabbed out of this is . The fact I truly believe the prestons now . It was not a hoax coming from their end . It could have still been a hoax from somebody else , Possibly a balloon or something in the sky . But we are gonna do a couple more experiments . To see if there was another possible explanation . If this was a hoax , It had to be launched from somewhere down by the lake . So I say we go down there and we launch something up in the air for ourselves . Chi-lan : It looks like where the prestons saw the ufo . Is on the southern end of the havasu state park . And it 's actually a safe area . Where we can launch something into the sky as well . I 'll stay back here with mark 's camera , And I 'll try to set something up . That looks similar to how he was filming . And we 'll try to get the thing up between 1,000 and 3,000 feet . We ready to go ? Yeah . All right . Austin : We secured an open parking lot . Which is right below where the actual sightings were seen . We 're gonna set up a big balloon . We 're gonna launch it off in the sky . To see if we can simulate the actual event that occurred . So we can hook up this balloon . To a hopefully heavy enough object so we don 't float away . Chi-lan : Now , these balloons . Are really easily found on the internet . These aren 't very expensive . Just a couple hundred dollars . Hey , ben . We 're really excited over here . This balloon is getting airborne . Ben : Excellent . Let me know when you 've got the balloon to a sufficient height . So I can start looking for it . The wind down here for how this balloon is already pulling , It 's gonna go crazy up there . Hey , chi-lan , The wind is really starting to pick up up here . How is it down where you guys are ? I 'm getting a reading . Of 5 to 10 miles an hour of wind down here . Didn 't mr . Preston say . That that was what the conditions were on his day ? I believe that 's true . We 're working on a situation with this plane overhead . That could be a problem . We 've got to get ahold of somebody at the airport . To alert the banner tower who 's overhead over our area , Because we obviously don 't want him . To run into a ufo he didn 't expect to be there . I just want to make sure . That someone who 's manning the unit comm radios . Can advise this banner tower . That we 're gonna be working probably right in his altitude . I just called the lake havasu city airport . It doesn 't look like . We 're gonna be able to get that plane to move . So we can 't launch the balloon as high as we originally wanted . We can still put it up in the air . And see what we get . One , two , three ! Oh , all right . All right . That was good , though . That was good . It wanted to take off . Well , you can tell that the wind is blowing this down , And because it is so huge - - it 's 20 feet - - And the wind is pushing it down . Austin : Why don 't we go ahead and get the rope set up . So we can actually let it - - See how high we can get the thing going . Austin : We had it tethered to the car . So we could make sure it 's inflated . And it 's gonna take flight . Now that we know it wants to take off , We 're gonna go ahead and attach a 1,000-foot nylon rope to it . And see how high we can get it up in the sky . Chi-lan for ben . Yes , go ahead , chi-lan . Ben , we 're gonna launch the balloon right now . Copy that . I will begin rolling . Let it go , austin . Whoo ! Oh , my god , that 's incredible ! It is going ! It looks so great ! It 's flying so far above that , and I love the movement . It looks just like the video that mark preston shot . The way that it 's floating and turning . Ben , are you catching anything right now ? I see something . We have the object in sight . Now , using mark preston 's camera , I 'm at full zoom , And it looks almost exactly about the same size . He was looking at when he was at full zoom . I 'm quite impressed that the reflection of the surface . Is really similar to the video . It almost looks like I 'm looking at a solid , rigid , metallic surface . Hey , guys . It was pretty good . I mean , it was really good . From where I was , I set it up as the original video , And it looked like it had the same reflectivity . It was getting kind of the same tumbling as the original object . It wasn 't as rigid as the other object , But I think we 're getting really close . Chi-lan : Our balloon experiment was pretty convincing . But we still need to find a witness . Who saw that it was a ufo and saw that it was a balloon . Lake havasu during July 4th weekend , There are tens of thousands of visitors , So there had to be at least one witness . Who also saw the ufo . So austin and I are gonna canvass the area , And ben 's gonna go ahead and call some city departments . Hopefully , between both of our efforts , We will find something out . A family in lake havasu . Actually saw a flying saucer in the area . Did you see anything like that last year ? I didn 't , no . Not me , no . Ben : Parks and recreation . Yes , I was calling about an incident . That happened July 4th of 2009 . I was wondering . If anyone had reported seeing a ufo-type object . Man : We got a ranger here . Who said that he had seen something like that . That 's great . Can I talk to someone about it ? It looks just like the video . I was wondering . If anyone had reported seeing a ufo-type object . Man : We got a ranger here . Who said that he had seen something like that . It was actually a very successful investigation . We got to try some experiments . The first one did not go so well . It just showed up transparent . It just wasn 't giving us any results we wanted . Chi-lan : Experiment number two went a lot better . We hoisted this balloon that was huge , 20 feet in diameter , Into the sky . Our flying-saucer-balloon experiment was very convincing , And its movement almost matched the original preston footage . But it was ben 's last discovery . That really pushed our investigation over t top . I called the lake havasu state park rangers ' office . And got ahold of ranger myke steighler . Just watch what happened . I was out at our maintenance building . Doing some paperwork , And I heard over the radio , " hey , we have a ufo sighting in lot 4 . " So I went outside , looked towards lot 4 . And I probably looked up . Probably about 1,000 , 1,0 feet . I saw what appeared to be . A silver-gray ufo 1950s sci-fi shaped balloon . Floating in the air . What ? Oh , my god ! Officer myke steighler actually saw the balon . Shortly after it took off . He watched it go up . He watched it over the course of several minutes . Larry : The family that recorded this , They didn 't even bother to call authorities , maybe , To see what it was ? Maybe an explanation for it ? Well , I think they were as puzzled as anyone else . They wanted to know if other people had seen it , But not everyone thinks to call . They even said during the video , they 're like , " is it a ufo , " it is a motorized vehicle someone 's flying remotely , Or is it a balloon ? " Bill : Did the ranger have any idea . Where the balloon may have come from ? As a matter of fact , he did . I talked to some of the other rangers , And they gave me information . They were also filming a movie out here at that time , And it was possible it was from one of their ndors . During the filming . You went and watched this video online , correct ? Correct . That video - - Is there any question in your mind . That was a different object ? Nope . That was exactly what I saw . What do you guys think ? Jael : I think the answer pretty obvious . It 's fake . This is not a ufo .
