 Oi , no one here . Come quick - We found someone on the beach and he was carrying a weapon . - I think the police Show him . - And this also Are you here to kill me ? I know what this is about . I 'd never seen this before ... It belongs to a man named Martin Hawk is in a dream A man who entered into the illusion What are the most powerful weapon ? Bacteria , Viruses , Worms ? - What do you want on to say Mr. Cobb , it ... - An idea . Brazilian could receive An idea that is almost impossible in make and can greatly understand The truth . And people like it to steal ? Yes , and in the dream is usually the power defense was lower and highly And we can train the unconscious you to keep that defense - How could that happen ? - Because I 'm someone who can practice I know how the secrets menCarl mind you , I know the trick . And I can teach him to you Look if you want my help then you harur really honest with me , I need to know your mind more than all This is a dream and you 've got a secret it and I need it all , and for that you should let me in . Enjoy eating masters He knew that - He already knows , and this plan . - No problem , I can get out of here . That information will come out of What was he doing ? - Back there . - Okay make sure you can , we have work If I can not , what I would survive ? - Claine Doug , what are you doing here ? - I think you will I miss - Not at all - I can not believe anyone - Then why ? - It looks good . - Subject It is easy to sleep in entering Please sit Tell me , what do you miss me ? I can not imagine it - What are you doing ? - I need air fresh . Remain in place Come on damn it Turn him . - More Dom ! Human - Now the envelope . Mr. Cobb . - He tell you ? You know from the beginning Do you dare to steal from me or what Were you sleeping ? I want to know his name ... - So you 're threatening me in a dream . - It depending on what you threaten ? Which can weaken the mind but pain ... That depends on your mind and see of your mind - What are you doing ? - I know , just try to keep it just This is great Stop him So you 're going to wake him up ? Wake I 'll kick In - Coming to get ready . - I think it they find ways Quite difficult for people like you keep nest of this involvement And keep us here . We have closer Mine was not true , and you keep Such information - The question is why did you let us ? - For an audition - Auditions for what ? - No problem , you already failed . - But there is information in And his decision was clear Son , leave me and go . - But I do not understand all this They do not accept failure , and will not stand for two days - It seems that we must do more easily . - Tell us what you know , now ! I always hate moments like this . Sense of danger that I will have to face - We do not have a problem with that other . - I do not know Many phase Which means it must be in use all - You have to leave it on reputation , Mr. Cobb I 'm still dreaming How can it be ? - Not good - Were you not there . - I impressed - Not in my dreams . You 're coming with my rule - Yes . Mr. Saito Not in your dreams but you 're in my dream - Son of a bitch , did you fuck with it ? - It 's not true . - You architect I do not know if there was . - Enough - You ... What was that ? - I control it and I want to see - We do not have time for this . Enough to Kyoto . - Time to see other sections - Like my tracks . - Remember that from south Yes , hello ? - Hey , dad . - Hi dad Hey , kids . How are you ? - Good , - Okay , I guess . - Okay ? What are you okay ? - Yeah , when are you coming home dad ? - I can not love . I can not - Not for now , remember ? - Why ? Okay , I 've told you , I will go because I 'm working - My grandmother said you were not coming back . - What is it you ? - Connect me with my grandmother , want to ? - She 's not here dad - Let 's say he 's right about this . - Dad ? - Yeah , Jeane - What did the mother is near you ? - Okay , we already talked about this Mother is not here anymore . - Where ? Look I 'll send some gifts through a grandfather , you do not naughty He was on the roof - Are you okay ? - Yeah , I good . I will arise - Sorry about your feet , it will not happen again . - There need not be apology - Who 's next ? - Not yet appear , what you know it all - Two hours ago , I knew we had failed . Simon had disappeared - If I knew it was so I could be there there and find work . - Do you ? Say hello to her All this I wanted with her life So I offer you reality It 's not that I do with all case - What are you doing ? - No . There . And I can not talk - What do you want from this ? - Inception ( Beginnings ) - It is not possible - Of course not . - If you can someone stole the idea from the mind , then You will plan to use ideas in your head , if I told you not think about elephants . What would you - Elephant ? - True , but it was not your idea , because you know I gave you . That 's not true - Can you do that ? - Are you offers a choice ? Because I can find my own way - Then you know how to demands . - I choose to go Then we will move there Okay listen . - What if you want to go home ? - No . Know . Until there is proper - I can not fix it . - None can - Same as Inception - Our problem was her idea . - Enough easy , and not that easy . Because we need to plant in people 's minds I can always put in there , and I can control existing I 've made him and his father You must get up from there - I 'll do it if I did can do . - I need to guarantee - How do I know you can deliver ? - You know that if I can So ... did you try a little conviction for being a parent ? Feel remorse ... Please send the team there . And select more And if I want more - And can not do . - Yes again and should be sufficiently deep . - You do not know I 've never done before and we must do tonight - I 'm going to Paris - I 'll need new architect - You do not like the office , yes ? - And that which can be used in all Is it safe you are here ? Extradition between France and America bureaucracy was the worst you know it ? Listen ... I brought this for you give to the kids if you can opportunity You 'll need more of this stuff to convince the kids that if they still have a father - I never taught you to become a thief . - You taught me to directing people 's minds after what What are you doing here ? I think I 've found my way home . This is ajob for people who mighty People who I believe can remove dakwaanku by permanently - But I need your help . - You are here to intervene in one of my investments - You know what I can offer , you should let them decide for themselves . - Not only money It 's an opportunity to build a city and that can not be real in a state real So you want me to let others following you into your imagination They not only come to dream , but they only teach him to it He 'll let me Back to reality , the Cobb . Please reality The children , grandchildren you , they 're awaiting the arrival of their father in reality And this job , last job This is the way to go there and I would not be standing here if I knew I need a good architect myself . I 've got someone better - I want you to meet with Mr. Cobb . - Nice to meet you If you have time , Mr. Cobb wanted discuss with you the job - Immediately pack . - Not really . - I was there test for you - You want to tell me all about this ? - For this job I have to know you can do This is not about legal issues Two minutes to design all the circles existing Stop . - Again Stop You have to be better than that That 's good They said if we have a gap in brain and then when you wake up - And in sleep , our minds can make anything . - For example ? - Imagine you 're making the building ... - But sometimes there who created it own . - Yeah Original ideas and the dreams , thoughts we continue to do this Creating and continue our world continuously , and we do not know what existing - And that can make us there in the middle process . - How ? - With You create a world of dreamers and you bring the subject out there and feel no How can I get details like it so feels like reality The dream was becoming real , and when wake up it will be strange teraa Let me ask you something , what you remember the beginning of the dream you 're always there ... - In the here and what is happening . - I think so . - Then why are we there here ? - We have just come from ... - Try think about how you can come here ? Where are you now ? - I 'm dreaming ? - You were there there and this is your first lesson for it If that is the dream why ... That was never a dream-filled with the emptiness , when you 're in inside it feels real That is why the military is developing program for the soldiers to shoot a dream or strangle themselves - How aresitek could arrange that ? - As long as you could design a dream - Until we 've got five minutes left . - 5 Minutes ? - What ? We 've been talking like for hours . - In the dream time significantly faster and the longer it 5 minutes in the real world , it 's the same with 1 hour in a dream . Why do not you - There is a part of the most basic . Cafes and all that exists . - Who are the people ? - Projections of the ketidaksadaranku . - What 's yours ? - Remember you are dreamer you that make this world I am the subject . Thoughts add it . You can talk to me and that 's the way you draw - What else By creating a secure something such as a bank or imprisonment for protecting existing information And you 'll come in and steal it . - I thought it was just a shadow But more like the feelings and fuck with it all Something is not right - indeed - Why did they all saw me ? - Because I felt something that made all this - What is it ? - It 's a defense in dreams and attack like blood cells - They will attack us ? - No . Only you That 's good and I 've told you to changing things like this - I said if this was not easy . - That 's what I can not control Very impressive - I know this bridge . This place real . - Yeah , I ford every day Do not ever create a place of memory , always make a new place . - Only use the details only . But not all of it - why not ? Because the building was a dream from memory which would be easier - This will not be easy . - What is therefore you need me ? Back off ! Back off ! Wait ! Wait ! Wait for me Hey , hey . See me , you 're okay - When do I have to wake up . - Because it is still No time on the clock so you can not Show me that . - What ? - He 's a charmer indeed . - So she was his wife ? You need an object that is smaller than all No , it is more difficult I can not let you touch or you will die When you see then you will know there in someone else 's dream I do not even ... If you do not could see what was happening ... And create serious problems which he try and not just for ... Opened my mind to people like that He 'll be back and never see such a person previously - If he comes back then you must make room . - Then you do ? - He was there and said it was backyard . - Many thieves good I need a diversion - Take what you want and there is no that care . - There will never know ? I take a drink - you treat - Spelling it got there ... - Listen I have to write to it - Inception before you told me this not possible . - Maybe - So keep telling me that Arthur can not be done . - He was formerly cooperate with us . - That 's what - All the best for more than shadow . - Not like you . - Listen you will receive all of this - Let me ask you something . Are you never been done before ? - We have try but it was still less - And you plan to store it ? - It 's not that it was only to move in the mind of the subjects So what ideas do you need ? We need it for a large corporation to complete all . - It 's all antique But it must accept all these things - And what do you do that basis . - Which one ? - The relationship between - Do you have it ? - No . - Use just He has had Mind if it ? - Live or die You 're out of this and get back in half an hour - Fine ... - Freddie - Oh Lord it was you It 's not that . - You know that [ Foreign Language ] [ Foreign Language ] [ Foreign Language ] Fine , he came . What are you doing in Mumbasa ? I need to protect my investment . So this idea visit here , huh ? New in town . Cobb said that you will return - I 've tried not to come . - There is nothing similar to it - it only ... - Kreasimu . - So we should see architect paradox You have to master a few tricks to could accomplish all this . - What kind of trick ? - Dreams can you architects make in it , which most possible , where you make a loss Like depending on existing measures . Status infinity Paradox . Be a closed circle help you to reach the limit of dreams . That 's how it happened . - Like build the entire city . But they were would be quite complicated . But we hide from the projection - Maze - Maze ? Better than a maze . How much time do we have before protective arrest us - It ? - That could be enough . - Wait , that 's more bad , I think it needs to wait a month . - Cobb can not make it all . - I do not know if he could but did not will He thinks he 's safe if you do not know that - Why - You do not want to tell me . - I think that Mal . - Ex-wife ? - It 's not the former - but still together ? Not ... he 's dead . You just saw it projected He likes it ? - He always liked it May I see it ? To formulate compound for the job . And to get into the field with us ? - And for that then you need to get there . We need kepastikan on that compound , specific to our needs . 2 levels Three - not possible . How many dream of a dream that can be stabilized It may be , this can indeed be done . A very powerful drugs What about the timing , five ? - 6 . - The only way to get into perkerjaanmu it when you get there . - There is no such space , pack - This time it looks like that . - And this time for the start it I use it every day Maybe you do not want to see After you I have to say this to all people - It 's all about dreams . You see it is stable . How long are they dreaming ? 24 hours ? Already dead . When a dream ? In this place ? Approximately 40 hours per day - Did you say . Sorry pack Only by that way you get dream . Did you use that Mr. Cobb ? You come here every day . No . They can , if they wake up . The dream became a reality . Who can you tell me why it was . Let 's see what we can do . You know how to find me You know , What should be the saying . And then ... Sharp ? Not ? What are you all right ? Mr. Cobb ? Yes . I 'm fine . You notice there enerjinya level - What else is the problem . Sir , this is typical of your corporals . You ask me , I really hope Your understanding of the gravity it will issue . To see the people and the planet , and idea to find it . They will change , how much would they change about this . We are the last company energy doing it . And no longer able to compete . Energy they use it not for war but they used to other . The world needs this change - That why change our minds . How is this relationship to his father - The news there . You can not do it that way - Can you give me access to people in here . Maybe you see these young people . It must be possible . You can get the correct reference - Reference . Something special for me - I make sure there are here . - Bring them down . Mr. Brownie Do you know of this policy . So we can better pay attention to this . No , no , maybe we should . How he - I do not want to interrupt what what . Do not you know . It must be a good memory of this . - I 'm sure it 's very bad He still did not know . - Anything . We need to talk about this power but we knew when we started . With this circular will be nauseating with more strength again . And envelope easily observe With the presence of physical , for learn the other side . Now the first layer of a dream I might suggest . On the awareness that will encourage deeper . From a real project - So we can finish the idea . Exactly , there 's only one thing may be wrong . I noticed it - this Konsepmu . Always be respected . Thank you . What you been doing all his own - no , just that ... Trial Run course . I realize in here . Yes , I 've given this fact . - Here , let 's see . You learn better . - Actually I few tries . So you were there - no , it 's available . This ... Which one will turn triggers the dream . Swirled and spun And that 's how he passed . Maybe it 's been a long time . Each level in subjects related we are trying to access . So ... Creating a level explosion there . See , I actually have a question on here - No , do not . Perlihat the specifics of the layers of dreams this . This is the project going along with some details made . In that case you could not keep it there . True - you can build , because you know the track . And he knew . He sabotage operations . What other Nobody knows . - No . They do not - you know it will be increasingly deteriorate - No one knows this will I had to return home , that 's why I have to prepare now . Why do not you go home . You said I could not kill him . For what - to ask the recording . I separate them all . About all of this will be the rejects . We must pay attention to the unconscious . Subconscious in motiviasi by moving . True That became the reason we must find how this translation to be his business . Find this I found the relationship with father in weakness - we can know this . Because I think the relationship with emotional all this to produce a reconciliation . We need a positive reasksi of things this . I 'll try this . My father took me to make myself own . Able . You need to do it - Thank you made significant contributions to this - I with this - All this with the more specifically . We have to make sure what we will find . This movement will be too far away I will not follow this by my father . I will create for myself and in time I will remove it . Dad did not want to make it . Two layers of now , it will be close , there . From there , in his sleep . We can Combine this . With a positive impulse . You know this has something to do . Well actually accelerated - This will caused the results several times By the time you get into the dream beautiful - Last never existed opportunity . I am one of there - a weakness that down . Six months and hold down the level . How do we know this - That 's the dream us . So once we have made is you keep could shoot me in the head - Maybe . So what it is - This is what can be done . You can feel the stab in the dream - So I had to do - Oh that 's possible . I set myself the function in a way I 'll sleep soundly And formed again or more . Synchronize all the three levels - you can use again . Yes with this schedule for the operation - Do you have anything to do with this - They already make sure we at least need 10 hours - they will be in Pak LA . The longest in there in the action . They must find it - not one which is expected . That would be 747 . Why is it above from each other . You do not need it and you lakkan sure - why not you . That are likely to be 10 hours . Quick - Fine . Do you remember when I asked for marry you . Of course I am . So what do you see kind of memory test what . You know will do this with you - Not this one . Inside my dreams . This pack ? - Is this all I can dream run - Why is important in dream . My dream is still together . I know I do . You know that in doing - You will understand . It is time to remember the time changes . So what are you waiting for . One thing you should know about I. So you know - find out there yes . Find James maybe you can . Feel that you see there is a call you can see it . That 's pretty face there . This is all too late now is not will never come . I started to panic I will regret the moment this . When was the last time I saw her face . You know there . What can I do to change this about what can be entered . Do not worry I will not allow this . Seeing her face again until I home . What are you doing here . I know who you are . What are you doing here . Why do not you try to understand . Try understand you . Do you know this will be . To be entirely not ? Say you 'll come back you wait . You 're way too far in that light . You know where they will take your but I do not know for sure . And it did not matter how I not mad at you . I 'll make it - how can you be in here . Please you note - You have made this all you sick . We together - Come I promise . You can present to the memory of it . You think it 's going to fill it . It 's time - would be more than this . In the cemetery . Tuesday - You know Sanches , they could not until that day . What we understand this will be struggle . And it did not need me but you should said another . I just ... Get another . I 'll try to do this you will not do this I will go to prison in rest of my life . Restore this fella I would not doing . You do not have anything to do with this . Excuse me what got you this ? You drop . What do you want to drink - Water only please . Oh . Thank you . You know I could help but with another will be like this again . Jessi . He is my father - I know figurmu that I regret your loss . That was it - thank you - Hi dad . He rest in peace . You noticed this - Did you know there is champagne - on the other half had Hey where do you - Road course . Both Taxi thank you . You walk . I 'm sorry I thought it was free - This could not you please pull . There along with it so you could do with him . Try it . No no . It 's okay I 'm okay I was normal . What he brought - I do not know me bring me here . With all this I bring in City - I 'm not . I do not - Where to go - I ask Why this happens is not a reaction normal . He tried to forget - he was right - How are you sure - They are trying to pull in To teach about it from the unconscious Id . We do the research is too short - Why are you this - quiet - Do not tell I still do this are you doing this . So we do not want your responsibility to pay going to all so far . Security in advance if we are more hearts our hearts will be better - It is not from Do not do that . I will tunggukan here - What is the your mind . You do not want terbangung - We die in dream when we wake . Why what happened at the time of our die - It will open a limbo - Are you seriously - Limbo - This will form What 's down there - only about The subconscious is not what what . Unless what we have dreamed of behind earlier . Inside this case you - So how long we stop there - We 're thinking . Try to run until this is clear - How . In that case I do not know me never been there . So now we are stuck there if we killed . We 'll be lost in limbo for how time . So you know this you do not know what what . You know how you could do this and you . You know this - Did you know this . We do this before - With his this is good because I got to do what Just for my son - but there was no There is a way out - We can do fast as previously possible . Forget we got in I had sit 1 hour and even more profound . Where is this place which has been in brackets will kill everyone . I could No one may be this . Yes . There so our path . Prepared . You , come on , we 're doing . I noticed there is kidnapping more than 10 million . Very easy - Silence - Your father 's note this is a personnel side . With the combination - I do not know what What about a combination . Tell me what this is - I do not know . Yes he is given - 500 dollars already in prepare . Cashier ID , and this . Useful ? - Really . You yourself have one hour - one hour I already . What should be done in a hours . Ohh - Who 's - The beauty of it . Combination - I do not know - Once what have you done - I do not know . Let me talk to him I 'll Carl know - Start talking . Are you all right ? - Ah - You okay ? Bastard he did not let me in the second days . That was it - We have access to open This combination is not with me know . You need not - What . He told me when we pass you This could open - he never could get combination . Maybe yes maybe others know this . What there is - What is a combination of from other things . We do not need much experience to brought together . Maybe your mother died - after my mother 's death what he said to me . Maybe . This is not what anything to the worry - I 've made . They do not know . - So how - This depends on low-level All will be reduced . And if he dies ? - So the scenario worst . At the moment you wake up what he knows - I called him . I 'm still so owners - I really appreciate it . At the moment you wake up in the morning you can prepare . Limbo will be kenyataanmu You will get lost in there a long time . You do not will become parents . Waiting there . Well I 'm afraid to be together again . He was here we could get combination - I listen to them . They 'll go in there and the road to river . I think this is the same - This is for you . Morris , always say this could be in telling you I will - it will be important to do . - It 's only alternative You can find it in there from the entire empire as we know it . Reinforced by my side - If I could recommend this . I just do not know it , you will not longer willing It is in the journey - this in journey . He call me death . And he could say . I want to run to stay one thing last . Call me closer and I 'll make . One word Disappointment . Why you do not remember . You can help to finish the job this so the truth - Truth is truth . Truth in every minute you 'll into the wall of truth . It is more important for consciousness and could bring much deeper . I will be much deeper than you . I 'm not sure how to find them . We are working closely together The concept of the dream . And in the dream I was getting driven deeper and deeper ... The more distant ... I just do not understand the concept . So if you 're trapped in a dream , We will not be realized . It means such as getting lost in the ocean wide . Rebuild the world for ourselves own . The years we have rebuilt our world ? - How long are we stuck in there ? - Approximately 50 years . 50 years ... How can you lasted this long ? Not as bad as originally . Apparently , it was becoming impossible to create it . Not for him . He only dwells within it . Choose for themselves , choosing to forget . Reality . - What happens when you wake up ? - Woke up after many years or several decades ... We 're getting older . I sensed something was wrong . Finally he tells me things truth ... This is an idea that is very easy . ... And changed everything . And our world is not the real world . And he must be awakened to return into reality ... Then I can go home . He wanted to kill himself . What about your kids ? He does not mind at all . And I know our kids are waiting for us somewhere . I wanted to mother ! - Relax . - Do you think this is the diaper ? - If this is real , I could control this . Because you did not know you 're dreaming ! I could not imagine herself again like what . He did not want to do it , but he merelakanku no , he 's very mencintalku . He has a plan , while Our wedding anniversary . - Honey , what are you doing ? - Join with me . Back inside . - Why do not you go back inside , come on . - No . I want you to come with me . No . You listen to me ... If you jump , you will not woke up again , remember ? You will die , come back inside . - Get in , we 're talking about new fine . - We have enough talk about it . - Mal ? - I just want you to come with me . Let 's talk about this . Ok ? - My past has been with you . - No . Affection . I can not ... You know I can not do it . Think again of our children . Think James ... Think Philipa . If I do not matipun , you will leaving them as well . - What happened ? - I 'm already tired with ourjourney . Explaining how scared I was going to deliverance . What if it could kill me ? - Why did you do this ? - I love you , Cobb . - Why did you ... - I release yourself to go from this place . I want to come home , following my children the truth . No , no , Mal , listen to me , ok ? Mall - See me , I beg you . - You waiting for a train ... Mal , do not do this ! The trains that will take you far . - James and Philipa waiting for you ! - No , they 're not going to make to be here . - They 're waiting for us ! - That 's what definitely . Mall , look at me ! And it is not a lie . Mal ! - Because you do not belong to us . Look at me ! Oh No ! My God ! He killed himself for three fruit striking differences . This means not possible to explain the truth . Bagusm now , we will not found . Miles , let 's go . I love my children . You menCarl himself . That 's his strength . You are not responsible for thought to destroy him . If we are to succeed , you must forgive yourself . Maybe you 'll have to deal with it . Are you able to do it ? - No , no , no . - Then we will menCarl others . Because they want no risk whatsoever . We must go . Raise your hands ! I do not know the number combination . You better stand up now and notify six number combinations . I do not know . - Now ! - I say now ! Now ! - Five . ... two , eight , four , nine , one . You better not lie . Well , the road . We 're going for a walk . Just see if you lied ! You hear me ? - How did you do ? - I 're working on , I will do it faster . Jackson was setting up equipment . We must go from this place . You must be a bit scared . We need a ship . No . Just as the official course . I think we 're dealing with Charles . No , that 's not a good idea . You 've done it before ? This will succeed . Very good . What requires little to attract attention ? - Look , you 're driving a car be careful , ok ? - Yes . Then circled back to pick up us . Too fast . The rest of you guys ? Are you ready ? - Ready . Story ? I do not mind . That is Mr. Charles . Tn . Fischer . Glad to see you again , Robert Green . And you are ... - Go . I think you might be bored . How can make friends with someone who has stolen your purse like that ? Shit , five hundred thousand dollars right ? Look , do not you worry about it , my people are moving now . Who is the person with Mr. Charles ? - Why did not you ? - Do not want involved in the alert . Mr. Moment , I have business . I have a plan . Sorry , you said who are you ? It 's not all true . My name is Cobb , do you remember me , right ? I was a former member of the belt . Do not worry about it . I want you to remain calm . So the security guard , huh ? You work for this hotel ? - No , no . I was the special agent in securing special rate . - Special Security . - You 're talk about my dream ? - You 're talking about ... - I here to protect you . Tn . Fischer , I came here for protect you , so you can access mind , into your dreams . You 're not safe here . They will menCarlmu . Watch the weather . Do you feel it ? What happened ? Cobb is attracting attention Fischer so that he can see his dream . We kissed . - Then what ? - Yes . A experiment . We should go from here . Do you feel it ? You 've trained for this fact , Tn . Fischer . It 's real , you 're not dreaming . Not the easiest thing to test it with how you arrived at this hotel . Can you do ? - Yes , I do not remember . - Breathing , breathe , remember you 've been trained , And I 'm here to protect you . You 're not real ? - No . I was under the protection of natural conscious . I was sent here to protect you and pull you into the dream . And I 'm sure that 's what is happening Now , Mr. Fischer . Okay . All right . You can take me away from here ? Immediately . Follow me . - Here 's what you do ? - It is not traps , understand ? If you want me help you , you must be calm . I want you to work with me , Mr. Fischer . This is a dream ? I 've killed myself for awake . What if you do it , Tn . Fischer ? I am sure you can do it , you pulled the trigger , Maybe you 're not going to wake up . You may continue to dream more further . You know what I 'm talking about ? You remember the drill ? Remember what I say to you ? Give me the gun . This room . - Yes . Think , Mr ... Fischer , what are you remember from the dream ? There ... There occurred a shot ... Paroxysm ... - Jeez , they have been kidnapped . - They go where ? - They put it in the back of the van . - And it explains the theory of gravity . - On the back of the van , go ahead . - There something to do with , Uhm ... Something related Uhm ... storage ... It 's hard to remember dreams that I natural . Calm down , it takes practice . You will drown because of being drawn into in this dream , because they want - What is Mr. Fischer ? Think ! - Uhm . ... a combination . They want a combination of numbers first with the head pointing . They tried to provoke the natural unconscious by giving the number . Try the number combination , this very important . Five ... Five ... Two ... It 's hard to remember . You use the timer ? No . All people have to sleep than 5 until 8 o 'clock . Wait . - How do you know ? Thus we get good synchronization . Too fast to be withdrawn , It 's too late . - Until we put this . - Why not ? Associated with gravity . With me . - Mr. Mana . Charles ? - You know it not you , Mr. Fischer ? Do not worry . A dream within a dream ? Hey , I saw you . - Sorry ? Oh , sorry , I 'm Mr. Griffin . Why ? You were kidnapped ? Not really . You think it works for you ? I 'm not going to throw it away , why I have to do it ? I do not let the thought with your father 's last message . You do not deserve . He was disappointed . And ? - I 'm sorry . What ? - He ... You can do it better . Mr. Fischer . - He 's lying . - How do you know ? Trust me . We must menCarl know ... I want you to do the same thing him , against what he had do . I 'm sure it 's something else you know . Okay . Nizar . - Who ? And I trust them . - Hey , Ray . - Yes , yes , I do not okay , I 'm ready . Cobb ? Cobb ? I mean ... You see it ? Your dreams , I want you to do so , understand ? - I who designed them . - You with me . How to do it ? Listen carefully ... - The window you see at the castle selantan , you see it ? - Yes . I heard it , it is the music . - What will we do ? - Moving quickly ! 10 seconds . 60 minutes . What is it ? - Cobb , what do we lose him ? - Yes , we lost him . What will we do now ? We have completed the job . Do not waste time , ready ? Come on . At the second level wind is racing . - Self-tight to the window ? - No . Too fast for that . So Fisher may be down there . Could he still unconscious ? - Yeah . - Did you kill them all ? - No , This only projections . You can kill all the soldiers who leads here . This is it . Fisher was a trap . Quit ! A little longer . - He 's not real . - How do you know it ? He 's just a projection . Fisher ! Fisher 's real . - Hey , buddy . - Mark , how Fisher ? An expert marksman . It 's how you survive , to me it 's over . So now we have failed . It is finished . I 'm sorry . That 's the only way for me again on my family . - So Shammery would like to know what happen to us . - Do not worry , which we handle this . It 's addictive . There is still another way . We just have to follow Fisher to down there . - Not enough time . - There will be enough time down there . We 'll find him . After the music Athur begins , fibilatornya to just use bait , we can reply beneath his own . Look , you go there . After the music ends you blow up the house illness . And we all return to the surface . Inappropriate for the try . Besides all guards have been paralyzed . Unlikely to survive him . Come on . - We have a traitor . You 're not going back and without him tonight . I 'm sure if you do what he do , you will get lost under there . - I know how you found it , he Fisher left . - How do you know ? Because he wants me to chase him . He I want me back down . What ? Where it should ? Save him ! Save him ! I want you to finish off Fsher , and I prepare the explosive , okay ? No , it 's a waste of time akna only . Stay here . You woke up this ? It 's incredible . I built it for years . They started from their members . This is our dream island . Places in our past . That was our first apartment . Building over there . Which will be our homes . - You build it all to memory . - I told you we had plenty time . What is it ? - It 's where we grew up . - Does he aware of it ? Come on , we always want to know the house What kind of existing in the building . In the real world we must choose one . How does it work ? - We must menCarl other way if no . - What ? If something is happening there is something you should know about me . It 's not trickery . Ideas like Marcus is very dangerous . Very contagious . Even the smallest idea can grow . Can grow profitable or destroy you . The idea that your world is not the smallest such real , a simple idea can change Very confident with your words , think he 's real ? What do you think muslihatnya deceptive ? I know what is real . Not feeling in kecewakan . Not feeling in Ban . In kerjar until the whole world by large companies and the police With the accusations as a dreamer ? In a minute . We no longer live in reality Again , were you ... vote for here . Choose me . What should you do , make a bond with your son because you left it . - Since you left us . - You wrong ! I 'm not mistaken . - You 're confused . Our children here . And you want to see their faces , is not it ? Yes , I want to see them exceed whatever . Far above . Listen to yourself . This is our children . Look ! James ! Felipe ! - Please , they 're not my son . - You continue to say to yourself but you do not believe it . - I know . - What if you 're wrong , what if I 'm real ? You keep saying to yourself what who you know . What have you believe . What do you feel . Guilt . I feel very guilty . No matter what I do . Not matter how helpless I was . No matter how confused I am . Taste Always there to remind me about the truth . Truth . The idea you were questioned about the fact that from me . You who planted the idea in mind . - What are you talking about ? - None possibility of deception , because I , I 've been doing for years . - I do that to my wife . - Why ? Great sense of loss . Anyway I wanted to escape and tidka he accepted . He had something . Something deep . Truth that everyone knows that selected for the forgotten . He can not be free . So I decided to menCarlnya . On the basis of our thoughts will find that secret place . I managed to enter . I planted the idea . An idea simple that could change everything . The world is not real . There 's death ; ah the only way escape . We 're waiting for the train . The trains that will take you far . You 're hoping the train will take you everywhere ! But if you 're not convinced ! It does not matter ! - Tell me why ? - Inside everything is possible . I never knew . The idea that there my mind is like a cancer . After he awakened And if you must go back to the world real . You will not believe your world is not real . That death is the only way out . Oh ! Do not ! - Exchanging my life ! - That 's all you change ? If you make it , you could still keeping your promise , we can still together here . In the world we build together . Oh God . We have to pick up Fisher now . You can not hold them . If I 'm here , you will release them . What do you mean ? Peter , there on the porch . - Check out what he still alive ? - Cobb , you can not do this . Check out what she was alive , now ! Do it ! He 's here . He survived but you must here now . - Carry Fisher with it , okay ? - I can not , I will be here with him . Apart from death , he was under here . I must find him . I can not with him anymore , because he 's not real . I 'm just the only one who , should you trust again . I hope . I hope more than anything else , but ... I 'm not sure with kompleksitasmu with kesempurnaanmu and to not sempurnaanmu , You 're right . See you . You 're just shapes . Form from the original wife . The best thing I could do . I 'm sorry , you do not deserve . What are you doing ? Fisher could not stay here , too . Do not ! Do not ! Do not ! Way ! Roads , streets and roads . I know you 're disappointed . I can not be you . I 'm disappointed . Which is disappointing . You remember all this , all of them ? - Yes . - Think you 'll try forget ? We made it . We succeed because we do not remember . I missed more than I imagine . We have a lot of time together . Appropriate for you . I 'm sorry . Desire means dead in percobaanku own . I live only for him . That is what I will do here . They will be lost . No , he will be fine . Did you come to kill me ? I heard you menCarl something . You would not know his wife in my dream . I 'm not together . I 'm confused . Do not ever regret . I 'm in destined to die alone . Back to you . And I 'll be waiting . Something . Something that you want . Or is this real ? Unfortunately did not see the grandkids us . Need great confidence here . Returned . So we 'll be together again . Together with me . Come back . Towel , sir ? We 'll be landing about 20 minutes longer , you need this . Thank you . Towel , Sir ? - No , no . You need the basic rules ? Welcome back Mr. Cobb . Thank you , sir . Look who 's coming ? - Hey , you guys . How are you ? - Daddy !
