 ♪ ♪ You feel that ? What ? The ... The shaking . A whole lot of shakin ' goin ' on . No , I 'm serious . And you 're stoned . Give me that . I thought you said this place was abandoned . I 'm gonna check it out . We should just go . No , just hang tight . I 'll be fine . What the hell ? this totally sucks . What took you so long ? You scared the hell out of me . I want to leave here , Dave . ♪ Fringe 2x19 ♪ The Man From the Other Side Original Air Date on April 22 , 2010 oh , come on , Walter , not again . I 'm just rearranging . Uh , it 's not quite right yet . It 's fine . And it was fine yesterday and fine the day before that . A well-ordered house Is--is the sign of a well-ordered mind . Yeah , but staying up all night To find the perfect place for your laundry hamper Is a sign of something else , in my books . Come on , leave that for later . I got you a surprise . I thought maybe we could bake a pie together . Your favorite- - Say , pecan ? I got all the good stuff . You want to whip the batter ? The batter can wait . There 's something we have to talk about . Okay , fair enough . It 's your room . You can decorate it however you like . It 's not that . There 's something you deserve to know . Peter ... Every living thing dies . As a scientist , That 's one of the hardest things to accept , That- - that we try to understand The mechanisms of life , But inevitably , we can 't defeat death , No matter how much we--we may want to . It 's Olivia . Hey . What 's up ? Yeah . Yeah , sure . We 'll meet you outside . Something happened ? Yeah , I guess so . She 's on her way to pick us up . I 'll--I 'll get my field kit . Walter ... Oh , it 's--it 's - it 's all right , peter . It can wait . Name 's Jill Redmond . Her purse was found outside the car . Patrolman found her with a broken neck . That 's the cause of dea th . But the medical examiner found this - - Three puncture wounds in her soft palate . Raised a red flag in t he FBI database And came up the chain to me . Shape-shifters . Well , the last time we heard of newton and his men Was in new York . They must have needed her identity for something . what else do we know abo ut her ? We 're running a background check on her now . Well , we should send h er photograph To the local and state law enforcement And make sure they know that she just got A hell of a lot more dangerous than she looks . Look ... It 's a lemon zinger , I believe . Mm ! It 's not as good as the stuff I grow , But it 's not bad either . Well , at least she died in a happy place . I 'm not so sure . The girl 's wearing lipstick , But there isn 't any on the joint . So you think that Mae she was with somebody ? Maybe ... Maybe someone who was lucky enough to get away . Three puncture wounds to the soft palate . all clear . The rest of the place is deserted . Except for this . Walter , have you seen anything like this before ? I think I may have . It 's awfully familiar . Ah , yes . It reminds me of a beanbag chair I once owned ... 1974 . So when a shape-shifter takes a body , It 's because they want access , Like , uh , the one that - that turned into the nurse , Came after me at the hospital , Or , uh- - or Charlie . so what would the shape-shifters Want with these kids ? You think that 's a good idea ? Oh , yeah , I think it 's harmless enough . Mercury . Walter , if that 's mercury , Do you think that this is a shape-shifter ? I do believe it is . Isn 't that wonderful ? Good morning . We 're here to pick up a camera , An Argus- - A2b 35mm . The secretary told me there would be three of you . There was a problem . The third didn 't make it . Marvelous . That feels like an embryo , In the sense that it 's not fully developed . Developed ? Well , my theory is That this is the state in which they enter our universe . And as I 've said , being partly mechanical , They can cross over in a w ay that humans can 't . But , uh , this one ... Seems to have failed to mature properly . Peter , would you take a look ? shape-shifter embryo . Adorable . So the two teenagers ... Maybe there were two mo re of these That hatched and killed them . It 's a sound proposition , But presumably the embryonic shape-shifters Would have needed features , human identities . They certainly wouldn 't blend in otherwise . So then those two teenagers Were just in the wrong place at the wrong time . Dunham . It 's got dozens of different amino acids , Which would allow it to survive In the foreign conditions of our universe . Okay , that was broyles . Astrid , I want to see If we n download this file From the fbi 's secure server . the African elephant is the largest- - okay , this was recorded last night . Now just before 9 : 00 p.M. , several dozen homes , All within a half-mile radius of the warehouse , Reported an - - an odd kind of interference With their broadcast signal . That 's right around when the m.E. Estimated the time of death for those kids . Walter , Is it possible that t he shape-shifter embryo Could have caused this kind of interference ? Yes . I believe the interfering signal May have originated in the alternate universe . We may be getting a glimpse into the other side . Can we turn it up ? yeah . And slow it down . What is that ? It almost sounds like a language . You hear the way that some of those sounds seem to repeat ? shape-shifters are soldiers . Soldiers always come with orders . Maybe that 's a message . I can see what the code breakers At the bureau can make of it . I got a better idea . it 's not a language . It 's math . Math ? Trig and metric equations- - In this case , a radio wave , The kind given off by a solar flare , Which is interesting . Interesting how ? Our astronomical division Picked up a surge in solar activity Right around that time . Here 's a radio wave from last night 's solar flare . Uh , here 's your wave . But yours couldn 't have come from the sun . Well , where else could it have come from ? I don 't know . I mean , they 're not in sync . Suppose it came from a parallel universe . Wow . That--that would De- - Yeah , yeah , because in a parallel universe , Time would be slightly out of sync . And the waves would be too . Hmm . What ? Imagine that these are the two universes ... Slightly out of sync . But on rare occasion , They perfectly line up . According to the computer , That 's gonna happen Between our universe And wherever this radio wave came from . When ? Based on this , tomorrow At precisely 3 : 31 p.M. All right , who will be mccallister ? That 'd be me . He 's Wu . Now everything else you need is in here . Once you 're done , we 'll reconvene At the exchange points Tomorrow at exactly 20 past 3 : 00 . So that 's it ? We 're still going through with this ? Why ? You have a problem with this ? We 're a man down . Neither of us have time To handle the Verona assignment , And you don 't have a shifting device . Maybe we should abort . And I suppose you 'll be the one To give the news to the secretary . We won 't have another chance like this for seven months . So I 'll figure out how to handle Mr. Verona . You make sure you hold your end . All right ? You 're the boss . Then let 's get to work . Excuse me ... Would you happen to know where franklin street is ? Sure . Uh , you 're three blocks south of franklin , So go down this street . You 'll see a convenience store . Then make a left and go two blocks west . I 'll write it down for you . Hey . Where 's Walter ? He 's out counting cars . Thinks it might help jog his memory . He says that human memory is best triggered ... When accomplishing mundane tasks , I know . Yeah , Walter 's convinced That newton wants to build a door To the other side . If Walter can remember what he told newton , We might be able to figure out What 's supposed to happen at 3 : 31 tomorrow . And these cars that he 's tracking down ? Well , he promised to stay off the freeway . Hey . Hey . How goes it ? Uh , broyles sent over A list of state and local events Taking place tomorrow , so ... Uh-oh . Star trek convention at the Worcester centrum . That 's not good . I told Walter I 'd take him . Maybe we 'll just pretend like we didn 't see that . Sure . I think I finally figured out why it is That Walter 's been acting so strange lately . He 's been carrying this picture around with him- - A family photo from when I was a kid . I think he wants to talk to me about how my mother died . About a month after I got to Europe , I got a call from st . Claire 's ... From Walter . He told me that she died in a car crash . It wasn 't a car crash . My mother committed suicide . It was the only time I spoke to him In the 17 years that he was locked up in st . Claire 's . He must have known the truth . I think , in his way , he was trying to protect me . And ... and for whatever reason , he wants to talk about it now . Peter ... You know that Walter loves you very much . Peter ! Our synthetic friends . I believe I know how to figure out what they 're up to . You remember what you told newton ? No , but as they say in Finland ... there 's more than one way to roast a reindeer . But I 'll need some supplies . I need six car batteries , a voltage transformer , And--and several yards of ten-gauge electrical wire . Oh ! Uh , and a corpse . Any corpse will do . But it shouldn 't be dead for more than two days . Hello . Can I help you ? Yes , I 'm here to see your manager , Mr. Mccallister . He 's ... He 's expecting me . So , boss , you felt the need to check up on me ? Yeah . Figure out what to do about Verona ? I have some thoughts . Mr. Mccallister ? Yes ? Approval for an overdraft withdrawal ? Oh , thank you . I 'll be there in just a minute . Okay . You can handle the rest . Just make sure the device remains undisturbed . Tied into the house power , And the volt meter is ready to go . Uh , so , Walter , you 're sure that I 'm doing this right ? It 's perfect , Olivia . Just make sure they 're tightened down . Walter , you really think that his is gonna work ? There 's no reason it shouldn 't . I mean , something stopped this creature From developing , And because it 's part mechanical , If we pump it with enough electricity , We should be able to restart it , Like jump-starting a car . So what 's the corpse for ? Is this embryo supposed to reanimate it ? Oh , don 't be ridiculous . B-but , if we intend to question this creature , Then it WI need an identity to ... To shape-shift into . 'cause that 's not ridiculous at all . I think we 're ready , Olivia . 80 amps . 80 amps . Hmm , not enough power , but it seems to be working . Uh , try 110 . 110 . Walter ... 140 . 140 . I think we must have blown a fuse . Oh , my . Look . Astrid , quickly- - some candles . Something 's wrong . When I cut into it , I must have damaged it . Peter , the corpse . All right , good on my side . Help me . Contact ... Newton . Thomas Jerome newton ? Where is he ? Verona . D-d-Daniel ... Verona . Wait , who is Daniel Verona ? blood type a.B. Negative . Cellular polarity ... We 're losing him . Okay , tomorrow afternoon , What is happening at 3 : 31 ? I 'm ... Sorry . Daniel Verona ? FBI . 911 . What is your emergency ? Well , there 's a man . He 's middle-aged , Caucasian . It looks like he 's having a heart attack . What is your location ? I 'm on the corner of longwood and Huntington . What is your name , sir ? oh , my god ! Hey , this- - this guy needs help ! Does anyone know CPR ? Someone call an ambulance , quick ! he 's not a shape-shifter . We 'll run his blood anyway , Test it for mercury . Maybe we got to him before they could . Why him ? I mean , why Daniel Verona ? What could they want with him ? Medical examiner , works out of Boston general ... It 's anybody 's guess . Yeah , you too . Okay . Good night . Agent Dunham ? Yeah . Verona was a bust . Walter ... You 've been awake for two straight days . You need to get some rest . Shape-shifters ... I should have been more careful with my initial dissection . If I hadn 't caused so much damage , It would--it could have told us everything . But you couldn 't possibly have known that . It was definitely stupid and inexcusable . Calm down . It 's gonna be okay . Okay , yeah . We 're gonna figure it out , just like we always do . Okay . Okay . Okay ? Hmm . I want you to get some rest , dad . I 'm gonna hit the sack . I 'll be upstairs if you need me . " dad . " Huh ? You just called me dad . Yeah , I guess I did . Peter ! Yeah ? Newton ... I think I know what he 's planning to do . She 's here . Agent Dunham , I 'm - - I 'm sorry to get you out of bed . Oh , it 's okay . Okay. now ... Geometry and harmonic vibrations- - That 's how we did it , belly and I. Did what ? Sent belly 's Monte Carlo from this universe To the other side . Now as I 've said before , The two universes vibrate at different frequencies . So we set up three harmonic rods Arranged as an equilateral triangle And then activated the rods . When the car began to vibrate At just the right frequency ... That 's how we sent belly 's car to the other side . And it 's exactly what newton did with the building . But newton 's attempt failed . Yes , indeed it did , B-because the building that newton brought over Landed in a location that was already occupied by another . But I suspect that Mr. Newton Has found a way around that problem , Because he has something that belly and I never had . What 's that ? Agents in both universes . Yes , peter . So if we set up the harmonic rods In exactly the same position In each universe , Like so ... And we activate the rods ... Boom . Then whatever is in the center of each triangle Will simply be exchanged . Of course , that would likely require That the universes be in sync . 3 : 31 this afternoon . Okay , so , uh ... So what could newton bring here ? Last time he brought a building , So I suppose anything he could fit inside of it- - A-a machine . An army . Yes . If the triangle is large enough , that is possible . Okay , so we have roughly ten hours To figure out Where the center of newton 's triangle is . Yes . But it could be anywhere . three points- - Newton would have to place the harmonic rods At three specific locations across the city . Okay , so that 's why newton 's going after Verona , Because Verona must have access to one of the three points . So that would suggest either Boston general hospital Or Verona 's home . Okay , so Verona lives in beacon hill- - 520 south garden street . It doesn 't matter . It 's only a couple blocks from the hospital . So for our purposes , that 's our first point . I think I might be able to help . Boston p.D. Just found a corpse In chestnut hill village . Three punctures to his soft palate . His name is Ben mccallister . He 's a branch manager at pinewood savings bank . He was found just outside his office . Not easy to access a bank . Okay , 185 mason ave . Mason ... So that 's our second point , And now we have the first leg of our triangle . We 've got more than that , son . We 're looking for an equilateral triangle , Therefore , the third point- - Can only be in one of two places , right . All right , so the third point Is either Arlington Or ... Cedar grove . Well , try both . See what 's in the center of each triangle . It 's either Hyde park ... Or right on the Charles river . So he 's got to be targeting Hyde park . Is there a bridge on the Charles ? Yeah , a condemned railway bridge . Why ? Uh , the water would absorb Any excess energy caused by newton 's procedure , So he must be making the exchange on the bridge . She 's right , peter . Uh , it 's Dunham . I think we have something . We 're all set . Any problems ? All good . Go deal with it , now . are we sending anyone to look for the harmonic rods ? agents are on their way To the morgue and mccallister 's bank in chestnut hill . Boston p.D. Have been deployed To the Andrews avenue bridge . What 's your status ? We 're a few minutes away . Whatever newton 's trying to bring over , Walter thinks he can stop it . okay , call me when you get there . Walter , how is this thing gonna work ? Vibrations are composed of shock waves , And like sound waves , They can be nullified by their opposite- - Right , like noise-canceling headphones . Precisely . The seismograph Will pick up the vibrations from newton 's device . The laptop will calculate its opposite And transmit it to the pneumatic hammer . To send out vibrations That would cancel out newton 's device . Of course , we have to get the hammer as close To the center of the bridge as possible , Which might be dangerous . Dangerous how ? The vibrational waves That newton will need to generate the intensity- - Devastating . What do you mean , " devastating " ? I suspect it would tear a man apart . Walter , I need you to stay here And finish putting that thing together , okay ? Hey ... We need to get on that bridge . I 'm afraid that 's not possible . Uh ... I 'm with the FBI . You 're the boss . Let me just check with the sergeant . How did you know ? A cop wouldn 't call his sergeant on a cell phone . Walter ! No ! It 's 3 : 32 . Walter 's not gonna make it in time . I 'm going up there . Cover me . Hey . Peter , you need to get off this bridge . I have to put this right . I started this , I 've got to- - It 's gonna go faster if we do it together . what ? Yeah , the two on the bridge - get them out of there . Peter and Walter are on the bridge . It 's started . Pneumatic is ready . Seismograph is ready . Cleaning up the program ! Something 's wrong ! I don 't understand . It should be working . There 's something wrong With your frequency-recognition program . But don 't worry . I can fix it . how we doing ? I need you all to get off this bridge now . Get off the bridge . No , Walter , there 's nothing else you can do . I need you to get him off this bridge . come on , Walter . No , Olivia . Walter--Walter- - Aah ! You okay ? Welcome back . How long was I out ? Uh , about a day and a half . Here . The doctor said that you 'd be fine , but Walter was worried . I 'm fine . Is he here ? Yeah . He wouldn 't leave . He 'll want to know that you 're up . Olivia ... I 'd like to speak to him alone , if that 's okay . Sure . Peter . Oh , they told me you 'd be all right , But I was so worried , son . And ... There was another man on that bridge . When newton 's device started to work , I saw him there ... Just walking down the bridge . He had to have been from the other side . You said the effects of newton 's vibrations Would be devastating . And ... They were . They destroyed that FBI agent . They just ... Disintegrated him like he wasn 't even there . But they didn 't kill the man from the other side . And they didn 't kill me . I 'm not from here , am I ? You didn 't just open up a hole to the other side . You went through ... And you brought me back . That 's why I was able to survive newton 's device . It 's why I can 't remember my childhood . You were dying , peter- - It 's why my mother committed suicide . Isn 't it ? She knew ... Didn 't she ? And when I left , The guilt was too much for her to live with- - The lie . Peter , you need to understand something . I understand , Walter . I understand everything now . Son ... I am not your son . I 'd like to be alone now . Uh , it--it would be easier If you don 't try to talk just yet , Mr. Secretary . You see , despite the preparation , Crossing over is quite an ordeal on your body , And , uh , the consequences are unpredictable . This ... This should help . You should ... You should be able to sleep for a while . And hopefully , when you wake up , You 'll be stabilized . Walter , it 's 6 : 00 . Peter 's probably still sleeping . I have to go to the hospital now . Are you going to drive me , or shall I call a cab ? Hey . Walter ... Peter checked himself out of the hospital Three hours ago . He isn 't at the lab , And he 's not answering his phone . He 's gone .
