 Tonight on " fact or Paranormal files " ... Oh ! You see that ? Yeah . Three lights hovering in the sky . Let us know when you 're in position . Our experiments could be a little dangerous . no way ! There have been several witnesses Who have seen an animal that kind of appears and disappears . This is like an escapee from the genetic engineering lab . The kill actually happened up there a bit . If it drug it this far , it had to be something big . Straight up there , I got a reflection of some eyes or something . Right there . Oh , my goodness ! There 's a flying saucer . I 'm getting a series of lights right there . Oh , my god ! What the heck is that ? Hey , everyone . How 's it going ? How 's it going ? How 's it going ? So , larry , we 're up with you first , huh ? Yes , I believe I I have a good video . It 's the kind of video That gets passed around between friends , And before you know it , It has almost two million hits on the internet . She 's got her cellphone camera out , And they 're just being , you know , young girls . Oh , this is a cellphone camera . And this video is unedited , right ? Yes . When I first saw this , I legitimately was spooked . So I want you to see why . Okay . young Are you sure ? I don 't think so . Yeah ! What 's that ? ! What ? Up there ! I told you , didn 't I ? ! I told you I seen something ! All of a sudden , it 's outside ? Now look in the windows . Up top . See , what 'd I say ? Now look in this bottom window . Oh , no ! No , shush , no . Oh , no ! Oh , no ! Creepy . That 's pretty spooky . That 's kind of a sixth sense , you know ? You pass by , and you see the girl . And those girls genuinely seemed freaked out . Okay , first reaction , girls who are freaking out - - They want to run towards this thing ? Well , there was a cut Right before the camera pointed up the stairwell . You back up , and you see the doorframe . And , boom , all of a sudden , you 've got a cut . You say that it could be edited . What about this last part where we see it up in the window , And as soon as she disappears in the window upstairs , She 's in the window downstairs . Doesn 't look like the same person to me . They got more than one person . It 's a shot at a very far distance . Get back to where the ghost appears at the stairwell . Okay , right there . Now , right behind this ghost ... Looks like a shadow . I 'm not saying That we understand the physics of a ghost , If ghosts are real . But the simpler explanation Is that this is a person Who 's blocking the light and casting a shadow . There 's nothing that would otherwise indicate This is paranormal here . Today , I brought you a legend - the beast of dartmoor . Now , if you guys have heard of the hound of the baskervilles Or read any sherlock holmes , hardy boys , It talks about this large hellhound-type creature . Well , there 's a 19-year-old , and he was out filming , And he kind of sees this thing off in the distance , Zooms in , and is is what he catches . Oh . Wow . Now , the witness wishes to remain anonymous . The thing is , online , No one is really saying that this is a hoax . The main discussion is , what is it ? Have there been other eyewitnesses ? In fact , there have . Over the past several decades , There 's been several witnesses of a large lion-type creature . But there 's also the paranormal theories Of hellhounds and alien cats . We 're talking about an animal with glowing eyes And an animal that kind of appears and disappears And is related to a centuries-old legend . In trying to find out what this was , I spoke to a specialist . Now , dr . C.J. Farmer at the university of utah Is a vertebrate specialist and biologist . She thinks that the legs are too long and slender to be a boar , And she was thinking maybe a pony , Except for the fact that this tail Does not look like a pony - look at this . As this animal is bounding along , You can almost see kind of like the tuft at the end of it . It 's bulky and massive up front and then kind of slender . To me , this looks like a black lion . That 's what I was just about to say . But look at it . I mean , it could possibly be a dog . How many black lions are in existence in the world ? So , from what I understand , black lions are extremely rare , And wild lions don 't even exist in britain . I don 't know , guys . I really like this story . I think we should put this one Way up there on the priority list . Yeah , definitely . That brings us to austin , I think . I liked this . It was filmed in 2008 by alex mayberry . He was camping with some friends in brunswick , canada , Hanging around a campfire . Play it . Let 's see what you think . This stick 's getting pretty damn sharp . Man # 2 : The smoke is in my face . Man # 3 : Well , you 've been sharpening it for like two hours . No . Oh ! Did you see it ? Was that a dog ? Is that , like , a person ? Is that a person ? I feel like that could be maybe a coyote or a deer . No . No , the limbs on it are way too long . To me , it looks like a human , the way it moves . Let 's take a look at it again . Here 's his face . Here 's his arm . Watch when he comes through frame , his - - his ... What would be his hind legs are just normal legs , Hunch over h like that , Like he 's crawling . There it is . Yeah , you can clearly see that that is a human , The way that the arm is bending . The elbow pushes back as it 's walking across . Plus , how would they have not known That that creature was circling their campsite ? Because even if there 's a fire in front of us , We 're gonna hear somebody four feet behind us . I agree . They could be in on it , or it could be just some guy Who 's had a little too much to drink . So , what do you guys think about it ? I think this would just be Probably not worth our time right now . I agree . I agree . Okay , so , our next clip is jael . I have a story from san diego . It was big in the local news down there In February of 2008 . It 's in the southern part of the county In a place called el cajon . Some people saw something in the sky . And when I say " some people , " I mean a lot . So , check it out . Three lights in triangular formation hovering in the sky . This happened at 1 : 20 a . M. And lasted for about half an hour . The local news was flooded the following day By people that caught this on video . I love the fact that there are multiple eyewitnesses And numerous calls to 911 . Now , there was some speculation the next day That it could have been a failed missile launch , But the timing was off . Was there ever an official word on what it was ? The san diego fire department Also said that perhaps it could have been Some chinese lanterns in the sky , Because there were some found on the ground That were burnt out . But a lot of people think That it could just be some sort of aircraft Or some elaborate hoax of some kind . There 's so many different theories on what it could be , And I think we should put some of them to the test And try to replicate it . So , does everyone agree this looks like a pretty good case , as well ? Yeah . I agree . I give it a thumbs up . We 've got very compelling video . We have a credle witness . We should put this one high up on the list , as well , And look at our last video . I 've got a pretty good ufo video , This time over russia . A gentleman by the name of dmitri zhukov Was just riding with three friends in his car , And he noticed something in the sky . And he pulled out his camera , he started rolling , And here 's what he got . It does looks like a pyramid , too . Oh , yeah , it does . - It has that weird triangular shape . - That 's weird . What is that light beam going up to it , bill ? The palace area , there 's a lot of floodlights . It 's a big tourist area . Is this pyramid moving , or is it stationary ? It looks like it 's moving just slightly . It 's , like , hovering . And they 're shooting out of a car ? 'cause I see the reflection of a steering wheel . Yep . He 's shooting right through the window . Was this seen by anybody else in moscow ? There weren 't thousands of witnesses that reported it . I mean , this was over moscow . You 'd think you would have tons of eyewitness reports , Not to mention pictures and videos , with technology now . I think we should do some more backstory on this , Maybe wait for better a case , but let 's see . Let 's move on today . Sounds good . So , what videos did we love today ? I say dartmoor . I say we do the beast of dartmoor . Dartmoor is awesome . I mean , the fact that there are so many people That have witnessed it , And they literally want to know , what is this animal ? I want to know what the animal is . Dartmoor definitely . El cajon . I 'm with bill . I love el cajon . Let 's choose a solid ufo case and a cryptozoological case . What do you say ? The beast of dartmoor and el cajon ? El cajon , triangle . Okay . So , bill and larry and jael , Why don 't you guys go there ? Austin and chi-lan and I will head to the u.K. We 'll go check out this beast . We 've got a lot to prep with both of these cases , So let 's get started . Super . Coming up on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... Larry , let 's go ! As a predator , This thing would literally be at the top of the food chain . Look at that . This has been picked clean . Team to chi-lan . We have another carcass . I got this extinguisher Just in case one of you guys catch on fire . There it goes ! Yeah ! Three lights hovering in the sky . The beast of dartmoor - - An animal related to a centuries-old legend . Let 's choose a solid ufo case and a cryptozoological case . Dartmoor 's absolutely beautiful ! A native predator could easily survive in a place like this . With 368 square miles Of just absolute nothing but untouched terrain . You know , and dartmoor 's known Not just for this legend of the dartmoor beast . There was a story of some mysterious hands That grab your steering wheel And pull you over to the side of the road . There 's all sorts of fairy creatures and things . It 's a very mysterious place to be at . I 'm really excited to meet this cryptozoologist . His name is john downes . He 's actually an expert in the folklore of dartmoor . Hey , john . Hello . It 's good to see you . Ben . Hey , john . Chi-lan . Hello , my dear . Well , why don 't we start with this video , And then you can tell us what you know about the beast . Have you heard of the devil 's hunting pack ? No . No . If you believe the local stories , The squire of buckfastleigh on the south of dartmoor In the 1600s Was such an evil , wicked man That when he died , The devil himself sent his hunting pack To drag his soul screaming down to hell . And there have been stories Of these black dogs all over dartmoor . And I 've been coming here for the last 45 years , And I know people who have seen these black dogs . I 've never seen them myself , But there are enough stories up to the present day Of a big black dog , Sometimes this high off the ground With red , glowing eyes . We 're idartmoor national park , And we 're looking for the exact spot Where the film was taken of the beast of dartmoor . I think this is it . Let me get the laptop out . Then we 'll watch the video to compare . 'cause I think you 're right , austin . I think this is the spot . You see it in the foreground , The rolling hill , And then a little bit of the lake in the back . I think this is it . The next thing that we 're going to do - - We 're going to go to an animal training facility Where they 've got large animals . And we 're gonna see if any of them Look like it was what we saw in the video . Hi . Jim . Hi . I 'm chi-lan . Thank you so much for having us here . This place is amazing ! That 's a pleasure . Now , some of the more popular theories About the beast of dartmoor is that it 's a big dog , It 's a pony , or even that it 's a lion . You know , we 've got all three of those here , So we could shoot them . Absolutely . We 'll follow you . Come on . Let 's go . Well , there 's our dartmoor pony , guys . Dartmoor ponies are native to the moor , So why not , when you 're looking for the beast , Go to an animal that is native to the land ? Look at him go . I mean , the speed is pretty good . The mane is getting really big , but look at the back end . There 's a huge difference Between the front end and the back end When you 're looking at the video of the beast . Right . And his legs in proportion to the length Of his body are different . This is great , though , Because so many people think it 's a dartmoor pony . Being able to see one run like this , It 's pretty easy to say , " that 's not it . " Amazing animals is the full green-screen setup . And why this is great is we can have the animals That we 're gonna be using To compare to the actual video run the same motion . With the green screen , We can superimpose the animals against a backdrop of the moor And see if we can replicate the exact same video we have . We 're gonna start with the dog . You put your hand through his chain there . I 'm gonna go over there , get him revved up a bit . When you feel he 's pulling to get to me , Just let him go . Okay . Hey , austin , sonia , The cameras are up and running . We 're ready to go . Buddy , buddy ! Go ! There you go . Nice ! There was a little hop there . His gait and his appearance Was really not that similar To the beast of dartmoor that we 're seeing . Yeah , I agree . I think in the video , You get this sense of an animal That 's got a lot of weight behind it . It 's kind of got this wave of a bound . I just don 't think a dog could replicate that . We debunked two popular theories Of what the dartmoor beast is - a dog and a pony . It 's got to be something that 's stronger , Possibly , you know , bigger build up front , More slender in the back . I think it 's time we get a lion . I am all about a lion . Jim , are you ready to do this ? I 'm ready . All right , let 's go . That is way bigger than you 'd actually expect . Now , other big cats have been sighted in the moors , But the lion is , I think , The one that closely resembles the animal we see in the video . Wow ! You do not tell a lion what to do . These guys are clapping bamboo sticks , Trying to get him to move , But the first couple of runs Only got him up to a trot . The tail , the tuft of hair , the mane ... He 's obviously not a black lion . Well , it looks like we got him up to at least a trot , And we got several good passes of it . Definitely . Well , let 's just get one last pass , 'cause his last pass through the door Is gonna be the fastest . Okay . Yeah , let 's do it . All right , jim , you ready to hit it ? Yeah . One last time . Wow . Now , other big cats have been sighted in the moors , But the lion is , I think , The one that closely resembles the animal we see in the video . Well , let 's just get one last pass 'cause his last pass through the door Is gonna be the fastest . Okay . Yeah , let 's do it . All right , jim , you ready to hit it ? Yeah . One last time . I would not want to be running from him . That is a magnificent animal . I think that matched the best . He actually got into a run , you know , at one point , So I think it 'll be great ... Anatomically , that looked almost exact . But my problem was the locomotion of the lion Versus the creature we see here . Speaking from a kinesiological standpoint , I don 't think it mimicked it to an exactness . From our experiment , we figured out that it 's not a pony , It 's not a dog . Now , it is similar to the lion , But another explanation for the beast Is actually that it could be a wild boar . So , we 're gonna head out to the moors , And we 've enlisted the help of a local tracker . His name is danny bamping . He 's gonna help us track some wild boar To see if that is our beast . How are you ? Chi-lan . Good to see you . Austin . Pleasure . Ben . Good to see you . Did you get a chance to look at the video that we sent you ? I did look at it , yeah . In my opinion , I think it could be a wild boar , But , also , there 's chance it could be a cat . What kind of stuff are people seeing out here ? Black cats - - large black cats , And that 's the real mystery of big cats in britain . What species are they ? They can 't all be melanistic leopards , black panthers . And because there 's lots of different species That have been released , There 's a good chance they could be hybrids . You know of locations where we could possibly find Wild boar and even cats ? Yeah , absolutely - - Maybe not right now Because the boar and the cats are both nocturnal . So we 'll be very lucky if we saw anything during the day . But , certainly , we 'll be able to go down there And look for signs of them . So , let 's go and have a look and see what we can find . Okay , so , guys , we might want to spread out a bit . You want to be looking for any tracks , You know , paw prints , that kind of thing . The other thing to look for is , obviously , You know , anything that the wild boar or the big cats Has eaten or killed . If you find any carcasses of rabbits or pheasants . Okay . Looks like part of a sheep . Oh , my gosh ! Is that a hoof ? It is , yeah . Oh , wow ! It still has the hair on it . Yeah , it 's quite recent . How old would you say this is ? Uh , a few days . What animal could actually do this to a sheep ? A sheep is not a small animal . It 's got to be something big that 's killed it , So you 're really looking at a fox or a dog Or even a big cat . I think we should keep going and spread out a little bit And see what else we can find . All right . You have a missing hoof . This is our same guy . This thing has been just strewn across the whole hillside . A fox couldn 't do this . I think maybe the kill actually happened up there a bit Because we 've got this kind of trail of wool Coming all the way down here . And you said this is a ram , so this is a bigger animal . And if it drug it , I mean , this far , It had to be something big . How can we tell if this thing was actually killed Or died on its own ? One of the crucial things is , If we have a look on the skin , Especially on the neck ... If we can find a couple of puncture wounds , Which is kind of hard - - So turn him over ? There 's a wound right there . You see the hole ? Stretch it again , ben . It 's right there . Yeah , right there . That 's the puncture wound . And the teeth can be bigger than that hole actually was Because the skin shrinks and tightens up . Yeah , more likely , absolutely , 'cause it 's been here at least a week . Yeah , there 's a lot of evidence That there 's a big predator around . That sheep was completely destroyed . It had fur and bone and meat strewn all along the hillside . I don 't know what could do that to its prey . People have been seeing strange creatures On the moors for centuries . So maybe it is a hound from hell . I think we need to find it and catch it on camera . Most of the animals which we think Might be the dartmoor beast are nocturnal . We 're here at night . We 've got our I.R. Camera up . We 're gonna be doing our own search in the dark . So , you have your thermal imager . You guys are on walkie , I 'll keep my eyes on the screens , And we 'll be ready to go . Give us a call - if there 's anything , We 'll be back here in a flash . Definitely . Stay safe out there , guys . Good luck . Austin and I are out here looking for more signs Of animals that have been devoured , Any signs of paw prints . We 're gonna be scanning with our thermal imager To see if we can capture something on film . Let 's keep going towards the tree line . Stop for a second . Do you hear that ? Holy ... Dude , that was like a deep growl . That was deeper and more intense Than that lion we had in a small room Where the voice would echo . Austin and ben to chi-lan . What 's happening out there , guys ? We heard a deep roar . I mean , this thing was loud - - Louder than that lion we had . We 're gonna keep heading in the direction We heard the growl - whatever you want to call it . We 're gonna head in that direction Up farther into the trees . Sounds good . Thanks , guys . This way - - right up here . Right over here . Let 's keep following . He 's close . Right out there . It 's right out there . I don 't see anything . It 's just a rock . Straight up there , I got a reflection of some eyes or something . Right there . Right there - - you see it ? There 's something reflecting off the eyes . Watch this . Watch . Okay . Most of the animals which we think Might be the dartmoor beast are nocturnal . Straight up there , I got a reflection of some eyes . Now , is it still there ? Where is it on the I.R. ? It 's literally directly in front of us . Wow , okay . Let 's get closer before we light it up . Holy crap . Bloody horses . We 've been duped . But in all fairness , whatever we heard , That deep growl , that wasn 't a pony . That was loud . That was deep . Something 's out here . Ohh . Here we go again . Look at that . This has been picked clean . Team to chi-lan , team to chi-lan . Go for chi-lan . We have another carcass . Most of it 's been eaten . If something took this thing down , It had to be huge . We got to take a closer look at it , Get some lights on this thing . I don 't see a lot of fur That would show signs that it had been dragged . It 's possible that it died naturally And something just scavenged it . Team to chi-lan . Temperature is almost the same temperature as the outside , Which is leading us to believe that it 's been here a while . If a predator is what killed this , I mean , it was huge . Start heading back ? Yeah . So , big ben - - did you see big ben ? We did . I saw big ben . We saw a lot of things in the u . K. And this beast ofartmoor - - wow . We thought the only way to really find this beast Was to go into the moors . We went along the fields and did our field search . We started finding pieces of sheep and rams All over the place . We were out there , and we heard loud roaring . We never actually saw what was causing it , But something 's out there . So , we wanted to know exactly What it was we were dealing with . And the most popular theory , People were saying it was more than likely a dog - - 'cause people walk around the moors with their dogs - - A pony , or a lion . So we were able to get ahold of all these animals And a green-screen room So we could superimpose the images Of the footage that we took And put it against the same exact image from the moors . Check it out . So , first of all , you will see our dog . That looks like a dog . Yeah . It 's a different motion . That 's what 's important , is the locomotion of the animal . You can tell it 's a completely different gait . Since we 're able to rule out the beast possibly being a dog , We decided to move on and test my personal favorite theory And see if it was a lion . That 's a lot closer . Yeah . The physicality of the beast matches the lion , But the movement is still different . Now , remember , too , we had to film our lion In the green-screen room . There wasn 't a whole lot for him to get up really to speed . Now , let me give you guys one more perspective on this . Based on this video , Our estimations of how large this creature Would 've had to have been to take down this prey , And the speed at which it was running , We created a 3-d model . Take a look at this . Now , if this thing was some kind of a hybrid Of a big cat and maybe a boar , It might look something like this . So this is like an escapee From the genetic engineering lab . Now , the head is in a lower position Respective to the shoulders - - Very massive upper body in the front . As you move towards the hind quarter , It slenders and slims down . This animal is not only built for just speed , But you can tell it 's built for brute power , as well . Yeah , as a predator , This thing would literally be at the top of the food chain . So , what do you guys think about all this ? I 'd say at the very least , There 's a cat out there in dartmoor . England has declared publicly That there are no big cats out in the wild there . There might be something worse . Listen , when there are over 20,000-plus species Still being discovered every single year , What 's to say that this isn 't a new species That 's living in the moors ? Some people say that the devil himself Has a personal pack of hellhounds That he sends out To bring the souls of people down to hell . I 'm of the opinion that this video was not hoaxed , That there was something very large , Something unexplained In dartmoor . So , jael , tell me about el cajon . As you can remember , It had to do with a triangular shape of lights That were hovering above the sky . And there were multiple witnesses . Is wasn 't c . G. We got some really interesting results from our trip . The eyewitness who shot this video and posted it is paul . So , hopefully , in interviewing paul , We can get even more information That we weren 't able to get through the traditional media . Paul ? Hi . How are you doing ? Bill murphy . Hi . I 'm paul . Hey . I 'm larry . It 's finally good to meet you . Can we start off by asking you Where you shot this video or you saw the craft - - Whatever it is ? Yeah , sure . Just come down this way . I 'll show you . I was actually at my friend 's house , Which is just the red house on the corner . I just came outside , Saw the lights coming over slowly , And I thought it was a bit strange at first . I just saw , like , a red one . And then there was two behind it , Anlirish tglkegl Ap Erwaths no sound or anything . And I was thinking , " well , maybe it 's just a helicopter . " But , normally , when you see planes flying at night , Lights are flashing . But these weren 't , and they were just on all the time . , sobi w hog was the object ? It was really hard to tell 'cause I got the impression it was quite high . But if it was quite high , it could 've been quite big . Anth d ghdilie tsts just fade out ? Did they zoom off ? Didn 't zoom off . They just kind of just , like , the lights on it Just kind of faded out . You mean it just disappeared ? It was gone . Idy yokeu 'idlid s li ueet up uon Yeah , I 'd like to know if it was a helicopter or not . We 'll do our best . Thanks a lot . Thanks a lot , paul . Thanks , guys . Nice to meet you . Since our experiments could be a little dangerous , We need to leave the city and head to a place Where we won 't burn anything down . There 's a couple of theories as to what this object could be . The san diego fire department Says that it could 've been chinese lanterns . It could 've been weather balloons With flares attached to them . You know , it could be some sort of aircraft That just had an odd configuration of lights . We 're gonna head to an open field Where we can test these theories safely . Let 's do this . Guys , this looks like a perfect spot . I mean , there 's no power lines , There 's no trees , there 's no houses . It 's safe . It 's about to get really dark out here , So we 've got these high-powered lights So that we can see what we 're doing tonight . Ufo ! Excellent . Let 's make some ufo magic . Coming up on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... There it goes ! There it goes ! Yeah ! Guys , let 's go ! No way ! Three lights hovering in the sky - - Could be some sort of aircraft . We 're gonna head to an open filed Where we can test these theories safely . The official statement from the san diego fire department Is that these lights could 've been sky lanterns . That really seems unlikely to me , But we 're gonna put it to the test . It 's really , really windy out here , And , obviously , because these are so light , It 's gonna be very precarious . To be prudent , we should just start with one . Okay , instead of tying them together , let 's do one . Okay . So , this is similar to a hot-air balloon . Just light this wick at the bottom . That 'll create the hot air , which fills the lantern , Causing it to float in the sky . You got to be careful when you 're lighting it That we don 't catch the actual paper on fire , too . I think it 's caught pretty good . Bring it low . I got this extinguisher Just in case one of you guys catch on fire . thank you . Shall we try ? 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Let go ! Oh ! And ... Nothing . Hey , there it goes ! There it goes ! There it goes ! Yeah ! Although it 's bursting into flames ! Oh , no ! It looks sort of like it , but it 's burnt to the ground . Well ... Success was short-lived . Look at this thing . It is torn to bit . It couldn 't have been sky lanterns . The conditions have to be ideal . There 's got to be , like , no wind . These things are supposed to get 400 feet into the air , D , 15 ? Gatit , wh I don 't think this is the lights of el cajon . I don 't think it is , either . Well , let 's move on to something else . Okay , let 's clean up . The sky lantern was a bust , But our witness , paul , Has a theory that it could 've been a regular aircraft . We 've got ourselves a helicopter . So , we 've built a rig right here Out of 1 3 / 4-inch aluminum tubing . I have a cluster of six I . E.D. Lights That I 'm gonna attach to the rig . Each cluster of light has its own battery and relay With our on-board receiver That we 'll be able to control from the ground . I 'm hopeful that with the lights on , Flying over base camp , Larry and jael will see something similar To what paul recorded in his original video . We 're gonna take the helicopter , we 're gonna go up , And we 're gonna drop it on top of the framework . We got to attach it . All right , well , let 's get to it . All right . Guys , that looks great . Thanks , guys . Gonna shut down the rotors , And we 're gonna exit and attach the rig . We 've attached our entire rig to the safety cargo hook . And it 's got a quick-release system . If anything goes wrong , You can jettison this entire rig . Okay . You ready to go , bill ? Yeah , I think we 're good . All right . Getting ready to lift off in just a moment . Larry , let 's go ! In a moment here , we 're gonna turn on the l.E.D.S. Just let us know when you 're in position . Copy that . Cabin light is off . Okay , we 're ready to go , so go ahead . 3 ... 2 ... We 're going now . ... 1 ... Our witness has a theory That it could 've been a regular aircraft . We 've got ourselves a helicopter . Okay , we 're ready to go , so go ahead . 3 ... 2 ... We 're going now . ... 1 ... All right . All right , let 's get into focus here . Oh , wow . You know , I think it looks pretty convincing . I mean , the only drawback to this is the sound . Anybody would be able to know That that sound would be a helicopter . What if we asked them to go higher ? See if they can . Bill , can you elevate the chopper a little bit ? Copy that . Larry , jael , stand by . Those l.E.D. Lights are lighting up the whole sky . We have stabilized our position . How do you read us ? I read you , I read you . I can still hear the chopper . Oh , yeah . It 's still very loud . I actually brought our decibel meter from our kit . Right now , it 's reading 102 decibels . If there was a helicopter anywhere around , Paul would 've easily been able to tell that that was it . I mean , it is really , really loud out here . Bring it home . We 've got everything we need . Gonna go ahead and bring it on home . It looked , actually , really , really , really good . Did it really ? The only problem is the sound . At your farthest distance , I measured 102 decibels . So , in your opinion , This is not necessarily what we 're seeing in paul 's video . It just doesn 't seem likely . We need to rethink our approach . One of the theories is that it could 've been a hoax Inheusatllwebar ns oand safety flares . And unlike a helicopter , A balloon would be totally silent . What we 're gonna do is attach flares to a t-shape rig That we built . Our t-shape rig is gonna be connected To a 12-foot balloon with a 45-pound lift . We have our pulley system here That 's gonna be connected to our balloon . And we have aircraft-strength cable running through it . The cable is run into a winch That is connected to the back of our car , And we 'll be able to let it out or pull it in as we wish . All right , we 're ready . Let 's fill it up . You can kind of feel this thing Starting to fight us a little bit . It certainly wants to go airborne . Bill , would you go ahead and disconnect it ? Okay , it 's off . So , right now , bill and jael Are letting the balloon go up 100 feet So we can attach our rig And then get that in the air Without seeing the balloon above it . All right , we 're at 100 feet . All right , bill , we 're ready . Okay , prepare to launch . I 've hit " record . " 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Launch balloon . no way ! Tell us what happened . One of the theories was that It could have been chinese lanterns That were floating in the sky . So the first thing we did was to get one of them , Light it , and see if it could float up into the sky The way these were floating . And as soon as we lit it , We realized that these are too delicate . The wind blew it away , and then it actually burned up . You burned up your experiment . It burned itself up . It was a disaster . Did it just go up in flames ? Well , it tipped over , And the whole thing burst into flames like the hindenburg . It crashed to the ground , and it was done . It was pathetic . And since that didn 't work , We had to consider other possibilities . And our witness said that He thought the lights were attached to some sort of craft . So we took that , we actually got a helicopter , And I built a rig , attached it to the bottom of the helicopter , And here are the results . They look extremely similar , But you can hear the helicopter extremely well . In the original video , nobody said they heard anything . I 'm nvthind ceitat elicr . Teopot Tsoexpehiris ment proved That the helicopter was way too noisy of a device . What else did you guys try ? One of the theories is that it was a weather balloon With safety flares attached to a rig . So that 's exactly what we went about doing . No way ! Wow . That 's like an exact replication . And it gives you that hovering effect That everyone reported . Which is the original ? I can 't even tell . Well , that 's good . That shows how close it was . The original is the one on the right . Our flares are on the left . Lights over el cajon , faked . Case closed . Transcript by Addic7ed . com Adriano _ CSI
