 Ben : Hey , guys . How 's it going ? How you guys doing ? Bill : Good . You guys ready ? Yep . How about you ? I am so excited to find some more cases today . We 've got some really good stuff lined up . Let 's start with chi-lan . Chi-lan : I have this great video from online . It comes from southern california . It was filmed really recently . It comes from rancho cucamonga . This avid sky watcher says That she saw a triangular-shaped ufo above her house . Take a look at this . Woman : What the [ bleep ] are we seeing here ? The triangles are a curious ufo . In the late ' 40s , they started to appear Mainly near military bases . So there was speculation that maybe it was some sort of military craft . But they started to appear in the ' 70s In residential areas . Well , I went ahead and had this video clarified for you guys So you can see a little bit better what it might be . Take a look at this . Larry : See , to me , that looks like an airplane . I see wings and fuselage . Jael : I 'm not convinced that it 's a ufo . I see a plane . I don 't see any unusual maneuvering of this craft Or any other unusual characteristics That would make me believe this is a more genuine triangle case . This , to me , screams military , not alien , But I would love to find out exactly what it is . Why don 't we move on and see what else we have ? Guys , I found this one online and , honestly , I kind of just wanted your opinion on it . Supposedly , this was caught by a webcam , And it was set up to detect and film motion . What do you guys think ? Chi-lan : Uh , seriously ? [ chuckles ] Larry : The first thing I noticed about this Is the shape of it is very defined . It 's not like our typical fuzzy ghost That we 're seeing all the time . It 's very , you know , chiseled and defined . Guys , this is c.G. This is an opaque c.G. Effect that he 's overlayed on the back . I mean , you can even see the resolution of this " ghost , " If we 're calling it that , Doesn 't even match the resolution Of the rest of the images . It doesn 't take long to figure out That this was a complete fake . That was fun , but let 's move on . Bill , what do you have ? Have you guys heard of the paulding light of michigan ? Thousands and thousands of people over the past 40 years Have trekked into the woods on this road To see this light that is very reliable , It 's very mysterious . It changes in intensity and in color , And if you 'll roll the video , let 's take a look at it , And you 'll see this light appearing on the horizon . Man : Check it out . [ gasps ] Whoa . Dude , I got it two times . Jael : Wow , that 's bright . Bill : It is bright , but then it gets dim And then it changes . And it 's been appearing for decades . Larry : Really ? Yeah . What do you mean when you say it 's very reliable ? It 's every night . One of the back stories - - That this is a ghost light from a railroad switchman Who was trying to signal a train , That there was a stalled train on the tracks , And he had his light , And the second train had crushed him , So he was killed on the track . And this is his ghost light Forever warning the second train . It looks like it 's just above the horizon , So we have a lot of things That we could actually put to the test To try to see if we can solve the riddle Of the paulding light . Well , I love this story , Because I love the fact that there are hundreds Of thousands of witnesses . I love the fact that there is so much local lore around it , And people are really , really just confused As to what this could be . I really like this story . I mean , just the fact That it appears every single night , too - - That 's pretty exciting . Sounds like everyone likes it . It 's really consistent . It means that 's something we could be able to test with it . So I think we should put that up there for right now and move on , See what else we have . I actually have a great video right here from california . A guy filmed it . He captured what looked like a jellyfish-shaped ufo In the sky . When he posted it online , it became wildly popular , So I wanted to show it to you guys . Austin : Oh . Whoa . Did it just disappear ? It 's like it gets sucked up into the sky . That happened so fast . I think it is c.G. Chi-lan : I think it 's c.G. , definitely . Ben : I have seen similar drones , Almost like a cookie-cutter program That people have taken this exact image And placed it over other cities . Everyone agree ? It 's a fake . Larry , you 're next . I have a great case . There was this ghost story from san antonio . The story goes , these children were in a bus . The bus stalls on the train tracks , And a train comes , kills them all , Including the bus driver . Jael : Tragic . Yeah . No kidding . So , the story goes that now , Every time a car stops before these train tracks , These children push these cars uphill And then over the train tracks so this will never happen again . I actually found this video , because growing up in texas , I had heard of the legend . Take a look . We 're pulling up about 20 feet in front of the tracks . I 'm putting on the parking brake , Putting it in neutral ... And turning the car off . Now , let 's take off the parking brake and see what happens . [ disengages parking brake ] As you can see , almost immediately , we begin to move . Oh , wow . We are actually going uphill to go over the railroad tracks . And we get pushed faster as we go . He 's rolling uphill . We 're going up over the railroad tracks , On top , and now we 're coming down the other side . [ jael laughs ] They say if you sprinkle baby powder , Or some sort of powder on the back of your car afterwards , You can see fingerprints Of these alleged children pushing the car over . Austin : I have heard about this so many times From so many different people , But never talked to anybody who 's actually done it . To find the location of where it is - - that 's exciting . Chi-lan : I really want to go check it out And see if we can actually defy gravity ourselves And roll up this hill . Well , I think this one also gets placed very high up on the list , And let 's see what else we have today . This is a crop cire at thpo u ppedp in wiltshire , u . Now , this one is really fresh . It 's very complicated and intricate . I want you to take a look at it . That looks incredible . Crop circles just like this , no matter how complex , Can be man-made . It 's the ones that are of a mysterious origin That are the most interesting , And you really can 't tell the difference From looking at them from afar . You actually have to go within the circle . Ben : So , let 's talk a little bit About the idea of how these things are created . I have a video for you , okay ? There was a lady named kerry mckenna Who went to a nearby crop circle Where the one I just showed you was And discovered this in her video . She sees this brilliant ball of light out there in the field . It looks like a dandelion . You know how they sort of float through ? Yeah , I think crop circles is an amazing phenomenon out there . I 'm not sure if this ball of light - - if it 's connected . When we investigate it for crop circle , It could be something extra that we tack on , But I just feel like the crop circles As its own thing is really important , And we should take another look at it . The fact that there 's two separate events here Occurring in the same location - - That gives me some validity to saying this is worthwhile . Ben : We 've seen a lot of really good videos today . I think we had a couple that were way up there That we were considering . So , which ones do you guys want to go out on ? I really love the paulding light case . Bill : I do too . I like the paulding light . Okay . Two for paulding light . I like paulding lights , as well . Three for paulding light . I like crop circles , But I 'm partial to the texas ghost tracks . Chi-lan : Yeah , I 'm all about the ghost tracks . I mean , the fact that you 're defying gravity - - Is this really happening in texas ? That 's what I want to find out . I think we have our two cases . As far as texas goes , larry , you found the case . I think it looks great . I will go and help you with that experiment . I 'm thinking of some ideas That chi-lan might be able to help us out , as well . Oh , I 've already got my idea set . It 's ready to go . The three of us will go to texas , And that leaves the three of you to go to michigan . Let 's get to work . Great . Chi-lan : I 'm all out . Narrator : Coming up on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... Look ! You can see it , actually , in the distance . I see the light . It 's really , really bright . Bill , we 're here on location , and we see absolutely nothing . We have no visual contact . Release the brake . Oh , my god ! [ train whistle blows ] Have you guys heard of the paulding light ? Man : Oh , wow . Woman : It 's bright . There is a train track in san antonio , texas . Chi-lan : You put your car in neutral at the bottom of the hill , And the spirit of these children come out And push you over the train tracks to safety ? I think we have our two cases . Let 's get to work . This is the famous place Where the paulding lights have been sighted . The first actual report was in 1966 . However , before that , It 's been saying that people have seen these lights Since the turn of the century . Bill : We 're going to be meeting a couple of the locals - - Ted and michelle strong - - And they 're gonna be giving us the history from their perspective . They 're the ones that have that restaurant That 's got the paulding light store attached to it . Hi . Hello , there . I 'm jael . Hi . Austin . Pleasure . Michelle . What inspired the opening of the souvenir shop ? Well , the reason was basically from the paulding light . We own another little store up the road , And we wanted to get on both sides of it . Do you get a lot of tourism around here - - People coming to check out the light ? First thing that makes them want to stop in is , " can you tell us how to get there ? " And after we tell them , then they start asking , " what is it ? What 's causing it ? " So , what is it , and what 's causing it ? There 's a legend that says Railroad tracks had gone through there , A brakeman was killed , And he 's out there with his lantern , walking around . That 's the legend story part of it , But what 's actually causing it , who knows ? You could bring us to that vantage point , Show us where it is ? Ted : I 'd be happy to take you there , yes . Great . All right , so we 'll meet you out in the parking lot , And we 'll head on over . People have traveled from all over the u.S. To see the amazing paulding light . There are many theories on what it could possibly be , But no one 's really been able to solve this mystery . Our witnesses , ted and michelle , Believe it 's an unexplained real phenomenon , And they 're not sure if it 's related To some of the intricate ghost stories That have become part of local legend Or maybe an unidentified paranormal event Or perhaps a natural occurrence that science has yet to explain . Hey , ted . It 's down here , guys . Austin : Well , you can tell it 's the exact location of the video . This is the place everybody comes at night . Down through that dip there , Over the horizon , Just at the top of the trees there , Is where you 'll see the light at night . Thanks for leading us to the vantage point . We really appreciate it . Thank you for all your time and your help . We 've got a crowd starting to gather behind us right now . Maybe we can go over and ask them a couple questions And see what their experiences have been . Yeah , that 's a good idea . How are you all doing ? Have any of you guys seen the lights before ? Jackie : Yeah , I have . It 's this big , bright light shining through the fog . But by the time we got closer , it had faded away . A couple of the theories are That it could be an engineer that was killed . Bill : There used to be a train track running through this area . Is that what you think it might be ? That 's what we 've heard , too , And that 's what it kind of looks like . How many times have you seen the lights ? Oh , probably about 25 to 30 times . There 's a lot of small airports around here . It could be a small plane , Or it could even be a reflection off of a tower . Austin : All right . Thank you so much for your time . We got to get our investigation set up . So , what we 're doing here is setting up two monitors Which are gonna be connected to two cameras That we 're setting up at separate vantage points Facing the area where the light is coming from . We 're gonna set one up right here on the hill And another right here on the road . And that way , when the light shows up , We 'll have two different angles covering it . Jael , I got the camera on the hill . Is it pointed towards the light ? Copy that . Maybe just a little bit back to the right . All right . I 'm on the way back to base . Austin : Well , people have said they 've hiked miles and miles Into the woods to look for the lights . We 're gonna go as far as needs be to see what we can find . Plus with this , we can get wherever we need to go And load all our equipment on the back of it Without having to hike and carry everything . We have base camp set up here at the vantage point , Monitors recording . We have geiger counters ready . We have emf readers to detect a magnetic field . We have gas readers ready to go . We 're just waiting for the lights to pop up So we can start this investigation . Jael for bill and austin . Please come to base camp . The paulding light has appeared . Look , guys , there it is . Bill : What is that ? I see it right there . Look . I see it , too . Look ! It 's super bright - - Just like everyone said . You can see it every single night , And there it is . It 's getting bigger and smaller , as well . If you look , it goes from small to big Like it 's just growing . We have got to get out there . Bill , we 're getting close to the location . Are you seeing anything ? Bill : I have a visual . We 're on location . We 're at the top of the hill Where the paulding lights have been spotted . Right now , we have no visual confirmation of the lights . Are you seeing anything over there ? Yes , I am . I do have a visual . I see the light . It 's really , really bright . Jael : That 's amazing . We don 't see anything right here , And we 're right next to it . Bill , we 're here on location , And we see absolutely nothing . We have no visual contact . Guys , we should move on And see if we can find any anomalies That could be causing this light . You check with the geiger counter , And I 'll scan the area with this . Austin : Gonna check for any possible radiation in this area , Because bill 's seeing it , and we have no visual contact . Nothing radioactive that I 'm picking up right now . Geiger counter 's not getting any reads . Is that the combustible-gas detector ? Yes . If any of this water or the swamps around here Are emitting gas , then this will be able to detect it . Hopefully , we 'll get something . This hasn 't changed . It 's been steady , and it 's always remained low . In order to give off the paulding light , It would have to be gas That has been sustainable for a long time . We 're surrounded by foliage , trees . I don 't see any burn marks around here . It 's definitely picking up the temperature differences Really , really clearly . Here 's the road , clearly visible . There 's the dip . It goes back up , and here 's the point , Where I got the crosshairs , where the light appears , And I don 't see anything . The paulding light that we see - - It 's not being picked up by the thermal imager . Austin : There 's no way a gas could be the paulding lights . Unfortunately , we detected nothing significant , Nothing that would have enough power To actually cause a phenomena like this . I don 't think we 've got much more to find here . We 're heading back to base now . We 're packing up . We 'll see you in a couple . Bill : You know what ? We 're unable to draw any conclusions From the investigation . It 's time we shift our focus . Let 's try to create our own lights . If we can re-create them , We might find an answer to what 's causing them . Narrator : Coming up on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... I have visual on the plane . Austin : We 're making our final descent . Actually , that is getting pretty close . Bill : I do have a visual . I see the light . It 's really , really bright . Bill , we 're here on location , and we see absolutely nothing . Jael : Our conclusion here is that it 's not a natural phenomena . Our next step is to test whether or not this is a man-made thing . Let 's try to create our own lights . That is it . Austin : All right , guys , some people are thinking That this is actually a plane . So I 'm gonna head over to the airport , And we 're gonna find out if this is even possible . I 'll radio as soon as I get up in the air . All right , guys . Jael : Have fun . Bill ? Yes , sir . Hey , how are you doing ? Glad to finally meet you in person . Glad to meet you , too . We 're gonna fly directly over Where the paulding lights have been sighted . This is the zeus of all lights . 25 million candle power . I 'm thinking this should be bright enough For our team to see . That is a huge flashlight . I think we should call it " the paulding light . " Let 's do it . All right . Great . Let 's load up . Bill : We got the camera on the hill , And we got this one on time lapse , So I think we 're ready . If they need help aligning themselves with the road , We 've got the laser here . [ plane engine buzzing ] Austin to team , do you read ? Austin to team , do you read ? Jael : Copy that . We 're waiting , And the laser light is in position . Just keep that as your reference point . These poles run north-south . Between that and the laser , They have a perfect way to line up . Austin : All right , let 's see how well this light works . Bill : Wow , that is bright ! We can see you , and we can see the light . Roger that . We 're making our final descent . I have visual on the plane . Guys , here we come . Make sure the cameras are rolling . Actually , that is getting pretty close . Jael : They 're still too high up . Bill : Much too high . I know that they 're descending at the moment , But they 're only gonna be able to descend a certain amount Until they actually might be hitting treetops . [ laughs ] hey ! How did it look ? You didn 't actually hit the spot , The mark , where it 's coming from . The plane just didn 't get low enough . We were literally lower than 500 feet . You cannot fly any lower than that . Not only that , at nighttime , The whole ground - - we couldn 't see the lasers Until you 're literally right upon it . When it comes right down to it , it 's not an airplane . Bill : The changing position of the airplane And the fact that the plane was making a sound Meant that there was not a convincing duplication Of the original paulding-light video . I think the next step is to try and see If the most popular theory works for us out there , Which is that it could be car headlights . If these are headlights that people are seeing , Then this is the stretch of road Where they would be coming from . If we can really make the lights of this car Look like the paulding light , Then , you know , we could really debunk this whole story . Austin : If it is car headlights , it would be here , 'cause this is the only stretch of road for miles . I say we call the cops over here , We have them sit about a mile and a half down that way , About a mile up the road this way , Have them block down the road , Then we 'll start our journey up and down . [ siren wails ] Since the officers have shut down the highway , Bill knows that we are the only car That will be traveling up along this path , So if he sees anything , it 's got to be us . Bill , austin and I are getting the officers in place , And then he and I are gonna drive up the road To see if you can see us . Copy that . I 'm standing by . Bill , the last car is secure . Are you recording ? Affirmative , recording . So , look for any lights you see starting in three ... Two One . Absolutely no visual whatsoever . No lights . We are going to s.O.S. You with the lights . Tell us if you see the s.O.S. Standing by . Negative . Hmm . I 'm perplexed now . So far , I was thinking That this was definitely gonna be the answer , But now I 'm confused . I honestly was sold on it being headlights , completely . Bill , we 're now gonna try the hazard lights . Tell us if you see any difference . Bill : Standing by . Negative . I do not see hazard lights , but I see the white light , And it 's getting brighter . What am I looking at ? I see the light , and it 's very bright . Austin and I have been going up and down highway 45 . We have manipulated our lights in so many different ways . Bill has been seeing light coming from this area . I 'm not sure where you guys are , But I can see the light , And if it 's not you guys , I don 't know what it is that I 'm looking at . All right , bill , we 're going black in three ... Two One . There 's no change . Jael : Whatever he 's seeing Is not coinciding with what austin and I are doing . Whatever that is that he sees , it 's not us . We 've done all we can do here . We 've done every trick in the book As far as what we can do with the car . I say we just head back to base . Time to move on . The truth is that none of our experiments have worked at all . You know , it doesn 't seem to be Any sort of environmental anomalies of any sort . Not really willing to rule out That it 's not something normal completely , But none of our experiments have worked , So , I mean , this is kind of all that 's left , I feel like . The ghost stories associated with the paulding lights Have become local legend , And maybe there 's something to it . So , let 's focus on these evp sessions We 're gonna be doing . Okay , so , why don 't we split up , And we all go do our own sessions And see what we can get ? All right , I 'm gonna ask a couple basic questions To ... Anything if something is out there . I can hear my questions , and I can hear your response , If you want to speak towards me . Why are you flashing lights throughout the night here ? Do you welco me here , oru she eave ? Is there something you 're trying to warn us of ? Is there something you want to teach us ? Can you please explain the mystery of the paulding light ? How 'd it go in texas ? Ben : Tremendous . How was michigan ? Let 's start with you guys first . Michigan was pretty fantastic . I mean , we saw the paulding light . We absolutely saw the paulding light several times . Several times ? Several times . Tell me you got it on film . Yeah , yeah . As a matter of fact - - you know what ? We 've got a clip here , so , take a look at it . You can see what we recorded , And you can compare that to the original video That we based this case off . Chi-lan : There it is . Bill : Now , were you able to catch it at the same time of day ? Yeah . We got there right around dusk . Wow . So , we had to scramble to get our cameras up , Anthe lit was already beginning to appear . Really ? It is reliable in that it happens nearly every day , But it 's not reliable about what time you 'll see it . Okay , well , tell me about the experiments . What did you do ? So , one of the popular theories Is like , well , maybe it 's an airplane . Intensity matched , but the movement didn 't , So , wasn 't an airplane . You came to 100 % conclusion that it was not a plane ? Definitely not . So , for the next experiment , We decided , let 's explore the very popular theory That it 's cars on route 45 . Austin and jael went out there in the car , And they got into position And shined their brights , and ... Nothing . We can 't re-create it with the headlights of a car . We can 't re-create it with a spotlight from the aircraft . Maybe there 's something environmental . We had a gas detector with us . Now , they were able to detect intermittent , Very spontaneous combustible gas , But it 's not enough for a big ignition That 's gonna remain steady long enough for people to see . Okay , so that 's ruled out . Then what did you guys do ? So , then , what were we left with ? Exploring the possibility That maybe this is panormal in origin . We thought maybe we could try to record Some electronic voice phenomena . We independently tried to communicate With whoever or whatever Has learned how to create this paulding light , But unfortunately , the evps remain inconclusive . We heard nothing really that could satisfy us That , hey , there 's a spirit out here . If this is a natural occurrence , It 's still an unidentified natural occurrence . Everything that you did , all your experiments - - What 's your final thoughts on it ? As it stands right now , it 's still mysterious , It still can 't be identified . Yeah , paulding light - - unexplained . Remains a mystery . I thought , originally , the headlights Would be the thing that would debunk this , And you weren 't able to re-create that , So it 's a fact this is still a mystery . I see it right there . Look . Look ! They 're still too high up . Bill , we 're going black . What am I looking at ? Now , we had slightly different results in texas . Now , if you guys remember , We were investigating ghost tracks . The theory is , if you park at the bottom of this hill , Ghost children allegedly push you up the hill And up over these tracks ... Appearing to defy gravity . Here 's what happened . Ben : So , larry , what time is our witness Capone de leon meeting us ? To be honest , he should be there , Here , in just a couple minutes . We should get there right on time . [ train whistle blows ] Ben : Right away , the first thing that strikes you about this place Is it definitely looks like an uphill slope . Larry : Capone , it 's finally good to meet you . Thank you so much for meeting us out here . Why don 't you tell us a little bit About where exactly this sry originates ? Basically , what happeneds , at ts ilroad-track cssing , A bus full of schoolchildren got hit by a train , And so now whenever somebody 's parked out here on the tracks , They 'll come out here And actually push them over the tracks . Chi-lan : Now , this san antonio urban legend Is really , really popular . When you came out here , Did you really expect to be pushed uphill in your car ? Well , the first time I came out here with friends , We did the baby-powder thing , and we got pushed , And we were just blown away . We were not expecting that to happen . Once you take the parking brake off , You start moving instantly . We 're actually going uphill to go over the railroad tracks , And we get pushed faster as we go . And it really does seem like Somebody 's trying to get you to go past . And I don 't ow if you 've seen trains come by here , But they come by here pretty quick . Sof you 're right out here on this side , You cannot see a train coming from this way . Now , were you ever able to capture an image ? Thfingerprints were the only proof that I could find . And everywhere we look , we see little fingerprints - - Little ones . But , hey , for me , that was proof enough . I mean , like I said , I 've never seen nothing like that . We 'd like to condu a few experiments , And we try to stay as close to the original video as possible , So if we could actually use your car for one of our experiments , That would be great . Sure . No problem . Well , we 're gonna get started , then . Okay . Let 's go . Ben : Now , in speaking with capone , He believes that his car was also pushed up this hill By the spirits of the children And the fingerprints left on the back of his car Are evidence of that . So , you can see , guys , there 's already prints on this car . I mean , I watched larry touch it . Let 's thoroughly , you know , wash this thing down . Just cover every square inch where we possibly think There might be prints if someone pushed it . Okay , guys , I think it 's all washed up , ready to go , And I think we should try th out . Larry : I 'll get in the driver 's seat , Get ready to be pushed over these tracks . I 'll ride shotgun and shoot from there . And I will cover you guys with camera on the side of the road . Capone instructed us exactly what he did In his video so we can get similar results . I 'm putting on the parking brake , Putting it in neutral , and turning the car off . All right , larry , so , tell me what you 're doing . First thing I 'm going to do is take the caout of gear - - Out of first , into neutral . Next thing I 'm gonna do - - take the keys out So tre 's no poible way this car can be on . Now I 'm gonna take my foot off the clutch . Okay , larry , the camera 's all set . Are you ready ? Ready ! Okay , in three Two One . Release the brake . Oh , my gosh , we 're moving . Starting to roll . Holy crap . You can see me looking up a hill , But we 're rolling up . You 're definitely going . Are you picking up speed ? Whoa , we 're actually , like - - this is some speed . This is kind of incredible . [ train whistle blows ] Ben : Now , in speaking with capone , He believes that his car was also pushed up this hill By the spirits of the children . Release the brake . All right , you 're rolling . [ train whistle blows ] Oh , my gosh ! Oh , my gosh ! Oh , my gosh ! You could not even see that ! Ben ! [ bell dings , whistle blows ] We came so close ! Being at this perspective , You can 't see anything past that tree around the corner , So that train just came barreling down . You guys almost became part of the legend . Okay , here we go . In three ... Two ... One . Release the brake . Chi-lan : This is a lot of speed . Ohh . Larry : No train , right ? We 're literally in neutral . There 's , like , nothing going on . Ben : You start out really slow , And then you started really picking up speed And went all the way up and over it . You expect to maybe start rolling , And then you 're looking at going up a hill And expect to stop or even slow down , But I just felt like We just kept going faster and faster and faster . What did it feel like in the beginning ? Did it feel like it was a jolt ? Like , you know , starting from a stop ? It was very gradual . But it was a constant speed , is the thing - - like , once it started , Two seconds in , It was exactly that speed the entire time . Well , it looks like this one was , you know , a success . Got up over the hill - - so why don 't you back it up , And we 'll see if we can get some prints off of it ? So , we just went over the tracks in capone 's car . It is uphill . We were in the car . It rolled once we put it in neutral . What I think we 'll do is we 'll start at a level Where a child would be if they were pushing a car . Yeah , I 'm not seeing anything That looks like a fingerprint or handprint whatsoever . Ben : We 've really dusted this down , And I 'm not seeing any prints at all . So , I dusted the entire trunk of capone 's car , And there were no prints . Probably were some pre-existing prints Before he began his experiment . Now , most of the reports t twed e arheabout in this case Is with small or mid-sized sedans Rolling up this hill over the train tracks . So it makes me wonder , does size and weight matter ? Now , legend has it that this accident occurred With a school bus on these train tracks . Can these kids that are pushing These other , smaller cars up over this hill Handle pushing something like our own school bus ? Is this big enough when size matters , tough guys ? I think this will work . Let 's wash up the back of it and get on the tracks . Sounds good . All right , so , the bus looks really clean and really good . I say we try and get it over the railroad tracks . I agree . Caranhey , hi-l , are you ready ? Yeah , we 're rolling in here ! You rolling out there ? I 'm rolling . Three ... Two ... One ! What would happen if we got a really large vehicle Like an actual school bus ? Two One ! All right . They 're rolling . Holy ! Wow , it 's really picking up some speed . You think it 's the kids pushing us ? Ben : I don 't know . Very consistent speed . We 're really going uphill over the tracks ! Oh , my gosh . Oh , my gosh ! [ engages brake ] How was that ? That was totally intense ! Did you see how much speed we picked up ? You know how when you were in the car , You said it was kind of a constant rate of speed ? It actually felt like we were picking up some speed . We figured out that the size of the automobile going uphill , You know , against gravity over the tracks , Really doesn 't matter , is what this experiment proved . All right , guys , Let 's do basically the same thing we did on the car . If there is anything oily , we should start to see it . Let 's try this handle here . Well , guys , it 's taking a long time . I 'm not finding any prints Or palm prints or anything like that . So , we didn 't find any prints on the bus , either . That 's two vehicles that we 've tested , and no prints . So , with the paranormal angle coming up short , It 's time to start looking to other anomalies That might cause vehicles to go up a hill , Apparently defying gravity . Basically , what this is gonna do Is give us a 3-d model of the magnetic lines That are in the area . So , the earth 's magnetic field has direction to it , And this magnet suspended in this gimbal - - The red is pointing north . You can see it 's dipping downwards . And if that changes in the direction , Just let me know . There is a theory that if no one is being pushed By anything of paranormal origin , Maybe there is something being pulled . So we decided to go out with our emf meters and our magnascope . Okay , well , starting out just right here , This is up at like 20 milligals already . That 's actually pretty high , But not surprising , because if you look right above us , We 're underneath some high-powered tension wires . I think we should walk just a quick grid pattern - - Right here around the railroad tracks . Dropping off a little bit . My magnet is pulling towards where we were . It 's dropping off to 10 , And it goes even lower The further we get away from the power lines . No change in direction . But the magnet is pointing towards all the power lines . This is exactly what I expected . We have high-powered electrical lines right above us . We 're getting a very high reading , But it 's constant . If we walk away , it disappears . I would say we 're not looking at anything anomalous In the magnetic field . Ben : So , we did a magnetic sweep of the area , And I didn 't find anything strong enough That would be able to pull a vehicle up a hill . So , if it 's not supernatural And it has nothing to do with the magnetic field , Then I think we need to explore Something like the geographical possibility . I actually used to work for a civil engineer , So what we have here is a surveyor 's level . What we 're gonna - - we 're gonna start From the center of the train tracks All the way down the middle of the road Until we get to where we started the vehicles . We 'll measure it every 25 feet . Okay , let 's go do it . All right . And set the first cone down . Ben : So , that is 150 feet , right ? So , chi-lan , here 's what I 'm gonna need you to do - - Take this level rod to each cone That you see here in the middle of the street . Hold these measurements towards me , And I 'm gonna take a reading . All right , chi-lan , you ready ? Ready . I 'm at the first cone . All right , 6.1 . 5 ' 6Â ½ . 5 ' 3 . - 5 ' 1Â ½ . - All right , last one . Our last one is 3.5 . Give me a second to work the numbers here . So , after our three experiments , We decided to finally just do a land survey And what we found is very interesting . We weren 't looking up the hill at all . In fact , we were looking at a one-degree downgrade . Are you serious ? Ben : Now , where we were starting from , It slopes down , down , down , And at the very end , comes up the hill , Th t rrbue suounding terran and everything Itmakes e look like the whe thing slightly is uphill . Jael : So it 's an optical illusion . Larry : It gives you just enough momentum To get up and over that hump of the train tracks . It 's amazing the tricks your eyes can play on you . The actual accident of the schoolkids dying And the bus being hit by a train did happen in 1938 , But it happened in salt lake city , About 1,000 miles away . But it was heavily covered in san antonio , So it actually just became a part of local lore there . This is a perfect example of a natural optical illusion Getting mixed up with a legend of a paranormal event That didn 't even occur in this location . I 'm impressed , guys . You did a really good job at opening this case wide open . This is a myth I 've been hearing about since I was a kid .
