 Narrator : Tonight on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... Look at that . [ gasps ] oh ! Oh , my god ! I just don 't believe that a person would be able to do that . Something is . Elyge stran Larry : I 'm actually getting a small spike over here . We 're gonna do an evp session . [ hisses ] " cough . " Eerie . I 'm hearing footsteps . Kill the lights . Zukowski : Hey , guys ! Larry : Did you find something ? Yeah , I did . Oh , my goodness ! There 's a flying saucer . I 'm getting a series of lights right there . Oh , my god ! What the heck is happening ? Ben : So , let 's get started . So , what cases do we have today ? Bill ? Bill : Well , I 've got another ufo video . But this one 's a little bit different . This is a ufo that is abducting an aircraft . [ gasps ] oh ! Oh , my god ! Watch what happens after it makes contact . Okay . What it does ... after it makes contact , It drops down for a second , and then shoots up . Does that seem unusual ? Ben : I guess it depends on the phenomena we 're talking about . This makes it look like the weight of it Was pushing the plane down . Was there a report of a plane That mysteriously disappeared over southern california ? I didn 't hear anything about this . And it 's not like it 's flying over the bermuda triangle . Chi-lan : You know what I like most about this video ? The ufo flies like a hummingbird . It sounds pretty much like a cool concept , But it 's probably cgi . Let 's see what else we have today . I have a great video . It comes from mike geyer . He and his friends have a really interesting hobby . It 's called creeping . They sneak into scary places just for the thrill of it . I 've actually dubbed them " creepers . " So on one of their creeping expeditions , They find themselves an abandoned hospital Right here in l.A. ... Linda vista . Hospital is renowned in the area for being super haunted . Mike . What ? [ indistinct whispering ] Oh , wow . Oh , my goodness ! Chi-lan : Ooh . That 's spooky . I 'm not sure . I think it 'd be a lot of fun to go run around In a so-called " haunted hospital , " But there is a possibility That these guys just put something there . I think it 's worth our investigation . I think this is pretty good . I think we might be able to pull Something more out of this video . But why don 't we see what other things we have today to look at ? Chi-lan , I 'm excited to hear what you have . Chi-lan : I brought you guys a case . It 's really gruesome , so prepare yourselves . It 's all about cattle mutilations . Now , down in san luis , colorado , There have been four reported cases within a single month . Now , this story came from the colorado springs news , So let 's go ahead and play it . Reporter : Strange things have been happening here . When I come in that gate , I ... I 'm just hoping there 's not any more dead animals . Reporter : This calf was found mutilated on Monday . That 's mutilated ? That thing is torn apart . I mean , all that 's left is the ribcage . Zukowski : Generally , when you have this much carnage On a normal predator kill , You 'll see a lot of blood on the hair around the areas . Another strange case in the san luis valley . Wow . Chi-lan : A lot of people have reported That right before they find a calf that 's been mutilated , A lot of helicopters are flying by . Black-ops helicopters , Other airplanes , other , you know , flying objects . So I did contact the ufologist chuck zukowski . He sent me over some stills From the actual calf mutilation that he investigated . He reported seeing no blood , no depressions in the ground , Absolutely no organs , As you can see from the hollowed-out ribcage . Froo omng at the carcass , It looks more surgical than savage . This is what I love most about this case . Not only is it unexplainable , we have an eyewitness . Chuck actually said that the rancher would allow us To be on his ranch . It just seems like an amazing case to investigate . So , chi-lan , excellent research . I think this is a really good case . Let 's move on . Okay . This is kind of a fun one . Swamp guy dave shealy actually caught the legendary skunk ape On camera ... or so he claims . Take a look at it . Tell me what you think . Jael : There he is . Ben : So the skunk ape is just bigfoot . Austin : It 's the florida version of bigfoot , yes . Wait a second . What is this ? If there 's one thing that I believe in , it 's bigfoot . And so any time that we get any somewhat compelling video , I think it 's worth an investigation . Look at this guy and tell me That this doesn 't remind you of someone Who kind of has almost an attitude with his walk . Watch the arms . He 's like this . He 's like , " look , everyone . Patterson film . Look at me . " It 's been seen by numerous , numerous people . If there are other witnesses , That gives it a little more credibility . I 'm interested in cases like this . I love cryptoids . Chi-lan : Look at the way that he runs . He runs just like a larger guy would run . I don 't think that this video is compelling . Bill : Wait a second . This is supposed to be marsh , right ? So that 's really hard to walk through . So a human would have a hard time . It 's like you 're sloshing through it . Jael : That 's a good point , bill . I spent a lot of time in the everglades , And we went throughout the expanse of the park . And there are a lot of marshy areas . There are alligators everywhere , And it wouldn 't be easy to just stride along this way . What do you say we shelf it for now And see what else we have today ? So , jael , I think that brings us to your case in indiana . Jael : There 's a woman named caroline milligan Who was suspecting some paranormal activity In an old cemetery near her home . So one night she went out there With a team of paranormal researchers , And they found a very curious emf spike near a tombstone Of an old civil war soldier named james . And they left the cemetery Definitely feeling like they had experienced something . They didn 't exactly know what . But when she went home and scoured the tapes , They found a very interesting image . Here it is . [ indistinct talking ] Austin : Whoa . Did you see it ? Chi-lan : Play it again . Rewind that . What was that ? Look at that . Now , that went completely undetected By these researchers that were there that night . They went right through it . Yes . Are there any theories on what it could be ? There is , actually . There used to be a railroad crossing there , And so some people call it a ghost train . They think that it might be a train passing through . Ben : I 'm really excited about this case . I mean , it looks like it 's good video . It 's got a good story with it . I 'm thinking of experiments already that we could replicate . Absolutely , and I 've already contacted caroline milligan , And she is more than happy to talk to us . So this is a great case . I think we all agree . Let 's just lock this one in . Let 's do it . Jael : All right . We still need to choose our other case . What do you think from the ones that we 've seen ? Cattle mutilation . Chi-lan : Oh , yeah . I agree with that . It was recent . We have a witness . I say we do cattle mutilation . I really like the skunk ape . Austin : I like the skunk ape , too , But I do feel we have more things going for us With the cattle mutilation . Let 's save it , then . Let 's put it off for now and let 's do cattle mutilation . Bill , chi-lan , and larry , why don 't you guys go to colorado ? Chi-lan : Sounds good . Yeah . Larry : That works for me . And indiana ... jael and austin , I 'm gonna need your help with some stunts I 'm thinking of . Jael : All right . Let 's pack it up and go . All right . Narrator : Coming up on on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... What is that ? Ben : When it came out of focus , it looked pretty good . We saw footsteps . Was that you ? Guys , camera 3 just completely went dead . Atzukowski : Hey , guys ! Larry : Did you find something ? It 's all about cattle mutilations . There have been four reported cases within a single month . Then let 's do cattle mutilation . There 's a woman who was suspecting Some paranormal activity in an old cemetery near her home . Jael : All right . Let 's pack it up and go . Ben : All right . All right , guys . We 're here in indiana , heading to fishers . Ben : Caroline was out here On her own paranormal investigation , Trying to see if she could capture anything . She didn 't even realize that this image was there Until she went back and reviewed it . I think that the cemetery is gonna be a perfect place For a ghost hunt . A witness , caroline , is waiting for us at the cemetery , And she 's gonna give us a tour . You must be caroline . Yes . How are you doing ? It 's a pleasure . I 'm austin . Nice to meet you . Let 's start from the beginning . What brought you out to the cemetery here ? All the activity we were having in our house When we used to live out this way . We had everything from footsteps to actually doorknobs turning . So we ticked something off . During the video , nobody felt anything , saw anything ? No . I mean , the only person you see in the frame of the camera Actually appeared to just ... Like nothing happened ... Didn 't notice it . We came out here , and we 're just walking through , just talking . Didn 't see anything , didn 't feel anything As we were walking through that particular area . And it was on playback . Here it was . To me , it almost looks like it would be like the caretaker . Wow . Take us to the woods . Okay . So , caroline , re-create for me the night . Milligan : We were coming to see if we could get What we thought was in our house , If we could catch them kind of here on their home turf . Austin : I know indiana had An overwhelmingly large amount of civil war soldiers , right ? Yeah , we did . But there 's only one that 's buried here . We started doing research and found out That he was buried not too far away from where we lived . What 's the name of this soldier ? His name 's james . Last name 's payne . He 's the only headstone that points that way . If you actually were to follow that headstone , It would go into the back of our old house . So this is james headstone right here ? Yep . Yes , it is . Company " e , " 39th infantry . So what exactly do you know about james ? He 's classified as a deserter on his draft card . And how did you find this out ? I went down to indianapolis , And I was able to look up his draft card . It showed that he was a deserter . Jael : Thank you so much , caroline . Oh , you 're welcome . It 's been a pleasure . I think we start our experiments , Then we break out our equipment And we spend the night here and see what happens . All right , guys . Let 's get started . Tonight we 've prepared three experiments To re-create what caroline captured in the cemetery . We have a mechanical experiment . We have a natural occurrence . We have a human experiment To try and explain what happened that night . All right , guys . I got my helmet . I 'm gonna go grab the atv to get ready for the first experiment . First experiment we 're doing ... We 're testing a theory That people think it was just a vehicle driving past the camera . I 'm gonna get on an atv . I 'm gonna haul as fast as I can right by the camera , See if it looks anything like the video . Jael : I 'm not really sure what this is gonna look like , But my feeling is that we 'll probably be able to make out The atv and austin 's body on our camera . But if we get him zooming past at a certain speed , Then maybe it will look like a blur . We 're good . I 'm gonna say the cameraperson was right about here . Let 's give him enough room between here and the tree . So let 's face it directly toward this tree . Looks about right . Right there . I mean , that 's where I would hold it . We 're gonna take our tripod and camera And try to match about the same height to where that was . What do you think , ben ? Are we ready to go ? Let 's call austin and see . Hey , austin , start your engine . [ engine turns over ] Ready in 3 , 2 , 1 . Go . [ engine revving ] [ engine slows , stops ] Ben : The original caroline video , You can see the outline of the main light ... You know , what they 're describing as a lantern . Faint lights here , e ot And you can actually almost see all the way through it . It 's transparent . Let 's play here and try and compare the visuals . That light we 're seeing is a reflection of your shirt . You 're not seeg nganhiyt e inatpos tt . Yo , sllregin headlights of the atv , Which are much , much brighter than this . And on top of all of that , This atv is not the quietest thing in the world . I mean , did you notice me going by ? Yeah . Yeah ? I think somebody would notice an atv on the video as well . Yeah . Completely . Assuming that this video is a real representation Of what happened , I would have to absolutely rule out That this was any type of vehicle . It 's just way too noisy . It would have been seen . And I just don 't think it 's possible . [ engine humming ] There 's a theory That this image was actually a naturally ocrring dust devil And that their flashlights of the people walking through Reflected off this dust devil coming through . So what we 've got is this dolly track , used in motion pictures . And our dolly is going to be a high-powered fan . Get it on the tracks . Let it be known that austin still plays with dollies . Austin : [ laughs ] till the day I die . What we 're gonna do is we 're gonna put fuller 's earth Underneath the actual track . Ben : And jael will be pulling it along . And then it goes over it . I 'll be back here filming , And hopefully we 'll get it to suck up enough Of this very fine dirt with the reflected light , And when it passes through , We 'll see the same thing we saw on the video . Jael : Looks good . Looks good . Let 's power up the fan . Hey , austin , kill the lights . Austin : Got it ! Cameras rolling . Fan is ready . Okay . Go ahead , jael . We 're gonna put fuller 's earth underneath the actual track . Hopefully , we 'll see the same thing that we saw in the video . Kill the lights . Cameras rolling . Let 's power up the fan . Okay . Go ahead , jael . Nice . Nice . Austin : How 'd it look ? The whole kind of plume lingered in the air quite a bit . In the video , when it comes by , it appears , And then it disappears . This stuff is taking a long time to settle back down . That much dust up in the air , You 're gonna see some reaction from the person as well . Anyone who 's walking along , you would think Your natural reaction is to kind of shield your eyes Or kind of move to the side like that . I just don 't think it could 've occurred here in the first place . And secondly , if it were an actual dust devil , You would expect the trees to react , Maybe the clothes on the person . That 's a lot of wind that 's coming by . And I just didn 't see that . I think it 's pretty safe to say that this was not a dust devil , Man-made or natural . We can 't completely dismiss that this could be a hoax . One of the best ways that we could try to replicate this Is by building a curtain of water vapor . Let 's see if we can get this balanced up here , And we 'll tie it down . Okay . You really can 't see water vapor in the air Unless some type of light is projected onto it . That possibly could explain what happened in the video , Because you 're not seeing it there Until this light passes through it . What we 've got here is a high-pressure water pump That we 've connected to a water source out on the street . Austin : We have pvc pipe , And we 're gonna push water through the pvc pipe , And water 's gonna come out the misting nozzles . Ben : Connected to these misters , on the top , We 've got some leaf blowers , Which will help push the water down And make it into a solid curtain . We remembered something that caroline had told us . She believed that what she saw in the video was a person . It was not a train . Letic guy . A ith We thought that he would be able to run As fast as we needed him to run through that mist And try and create the effect that we were looking for . It 's really important that you get far enough back And get enough speed So that when you pass jael and myself that you 're clipping . Got you all framed up . I am rolling . Okay . Austin , power up your light . Go . Wow . You know , what happened is when it came out of focus , It looked pretty good . What did the light look like as it was passing ? Kind of like an orb , kind of like a blob ... Interesting . You know , you 're holding at waist level . I 'm still not quite sure That on the video it 's gonna look as transparent As whatever object caroline captured . I say we break out our I. R. Cameras And see what other kind of explanation we can find That 's actually paranormal . Let 's wire it up . Our attempts to re-create the phantom as an elaborate hoax Or a natural occurrence weren 't entirely convincing . So now it 's time to look at a paranormal investigation . We 're gonna start by setting up our four infrared cameras And doing a sweep of the cemetery To find out what 's really happening . How 's it looking ? It 's looking great . We 've got them all set up , recording . Ben : Number 1 is where caroline videotaped the event . Number 2 is that gate that 's inside the cemetery . Number 3 is down in the ravine . And number 4 is over james ' grave . Ready to get spooked ? Let 's do it . All right . Let 's go . Look at this one . " zebulon hartman . " 1807 , 1843 . Ca 3ysra etely went dead . Screen 3 just went completely blank . It 's out . My walkie is going out as well . What happened ? Something is really strange . I try not to blow things out of proportion , But when I 'm walking around , I 'm hearing little bits of , like , leaf , like , moving . We 've been out here a while now , and I can 't help but feel That somebody has been walking beside us Ever since we 've started our first sweep . I 'm hearing leaves rustling on the ground When there 's no wind , And it kind of seems like they 're footsteps . And it sounds as if somebody is keeping pace with us With their footsteps . Maybe we should look for any leaves that moved From those footsteps you 've been hearing . You see that ? What is that ? Did those leaves just move ? Ben : I can 't help but feel That somebody has been walking beside us Ever since we 've started our first sweep . Jael : What is that ? Did those leaves just move ? That 's really , really strange . We have to try and see if we can capture it on your camera . Ben : So I 'm gonna zoom in pretty good . We 're just gonna crouch down , okay ? As low as we can . If you focus that light , I 'm gonna try to follow . Be really careful . This is pretty steep . It didn 't happen that time . As soon as I turn my light on , it 's not happening . That was really strange . It may have been an insect . I 'm thinking the only real possible explanation Is that it was , you know , some type of insect That 's moving underneath the undergrowth here . So what we 're gonna do now Is we 're gonna go over to james payne 's grave site . Is it possible that the ghostly figure That was captured on caroline 's video is james payne ? We 're gonna do an evp session And see if he 's trying to communicate with us . Ben : If the night-vision camera is close enough , We 'll be able to detect if any individual leaf moves . We got our evp audio recorder right here . We 're gonna sit down . Let 's do a session . Ready , guys ? James , was it you Who was in the video that we are investigating tonight ? James , ben and I had some odd experiences tonight Here in the cemetery . We felt that someone led us to your grave site . Was that you ? We saw footsteps , or what looked like them . Was that you ? Ben : How are you ? Still frozen from colorado ? It was chilly . You battled some extreme temperatures there ? Yeah . First of all , I 'd like to tell you a little bit about indiana And what happened with us . So , our first experiment with the atv , We couldn 't replicate the transparency . [ engine humming ] So we moved on and we tried creating our own dust devil , And this is what happened . We see that we 're creating a lot of wind , And leaves and things are moving . In the original , you didn 't see any of that . The final experiment that we tried is creating a mist screen . Our cameras were focused on the light that was coming through , And the rest of it just didn 't quite look right . What we decided to do at this point Is to do an evp session at the grave site . In this sound bite , you 'll hear austin talking , And you 'll hear austin cough . Now , what came after that was not any of us . And once we 're settled ... [ coughs ] [ hisses ] Jael : Did you guys all hear that ? " cough . " He coughs , and you hear , " cough . " You hear a voice repeat " cough , " And then you hear a deep sigh after . And once we 're settled ... [ coughs ] Chi-lan : So eerie . Yeah , that 's weird . And once we 're settled ... [ coughs ] Bill : That is cool . Ben : It 's very strange . Some very strange things were happening that night . What do you think of our efforts in replicating it ? I don 't think you were able to exactly replicate the videos , But you were still able to obtain Good evidence of the paranormal . The efforts were great in the experiments , But I think that this video is a fact . We did not debunk the video . Hey , just like I originally said ... Perfect setting for a ghost story . I agree . I think this could very well be a paranormal case . We weren 't able to replicate the video . I think that there is something still unexplained In the cemetery of indiana . So that was indiana . What happened in colorado ? If you remember the news segment that chi-lan brought us About the four cattle mutilations In san luis , colorado , We had compelling video and a seemingly credible witness . Here 's what happened . San luis valley is the largest alpine valley in the world . So this area was founded as a cattle-ranching community . It still is a cattle-ranching community . And they 've been having this loss of their livestock now For a number of years . Chi-lan : The rancher actually reported seeing Some unexplained lights in the sky Right before all these cattle mutilations happened . Interesting . That brings in maybe extraterrestrial possibilities . Maybe it is actually a ufo . Chuck zukowski is the ufologist , And he 's gonna be meeting us on the outskirts of town . Chuck was there on the scene when the cattle were found . They were still there . He took those photos . He 's the one that 's been studying cattle mutilations And ufos . So he 's a very , very important person here . Hey , chuck . Bill murphy . How 's it going ? Chuck zukowski . Yeah . Nice to meet you . We got a pretty interesting case here . I 'm glad you could come out for this . The ranch is just down the street a little bit . I can show you . I can take you down there . I 'll be heading off in that direction . Okay . We 'll follow you . Mr. Sanchez , I 'm larry . Good to meet you . Nice to meet you . Mr. Sanchez , I 'm chi-lan . Nice to meet you . Hi . I 'm bill . Nice to meet you , bill . How did you happen to stumble upon these cows That were mutilated ? I just came and checked on my cows . Happened to find those two . Manuel , can you show us where it happened ? Yes . Follow me . All right . Okay . This is the area right here where the calf was found . Where did you find the carcass When you first arrived on the scene ? It was actually laying right here underneath the tree . That 's the first thing we looked at To see whether or not it was dry . It was almost as if someone ate it . Chi-lan : Both of you guys saw this calf and the carcass . What do you think caused it ? Were there certain incisions ? Were they surgical ? Was it clean ? Was there any blood , any fur , any tracks around ? Zukowski : When you just see an animal laying there , Completely void of its internal organs , gutted out , And there 's no other debris anywhere around on the ground ... No blood , no blood markings on the hide ... Then you 're going , " hmm . " this doesn 't look like a known predator kill . This falls into an unknown death . " When did you last see these calves alive ? Sanchez : The day before . I usually come pretty often to check on the cows . Previous to this morning of walking upon this cow , Had you seen anything out of the ordinary ? In August , I saw some lights over there in the other place . They come out of the mountains . What do you mean , it comes out of the mountains ? Seeing that hill there , I could see it where it come out . Chi-lan : And did it move ? Did it follow ? It moved real , real slow . Bill : We learned manuel sanchez witnessed an unexplained light That was hovering over the mountain . Where the light ended up Is where he discovered the mutilated cow . But the carcass disappeared soon after . Our plan is to sweep the area , Look for paranormal evidence such as unusual magnetic fields Or even traces of radiation . We also hope to find remnants of the cow That we can have tested for abnormalities . I have the emf reader . You have the geiger counter . We want to check for different levels of radiation , Magnetic-field changes ... All of that stuff . We 'll start out at the cypress tree that manuel showed us . That 's where he found the fourth calf . I want to start reading my trifield meter , Seeing if there are any anomalies in the area . Zukowski : Natural radiation occurs . So you just look for , like , a base line , See what the whole area is generating . If you have a spike at the site , That 's something we have to be cognizant of . Okay . Chi-lan : I 'm not getting anything at all , Not even right over here by the stick , Which is where manuel pointed out to us That he found the fourth mutilated calf . I 'm gonna try to uncover the area And grab some samples . That was a pretty big cow that was here , And there 's got to be some remains . The thing just couldn 't completely disappear . Larry : Hey , guys , I 'm actually getting a small spike over here . Hey , guys ! Larry : Did you find something ? Yeah , I did . Zukowski : I 'm gonna try to uncover the area And grab some samples . Hey , guys ! Chi-lan ! Larry ! Did you find something ? Yeah , I did . I found a bone from the cattle . Oh , wow . Let 's not even touch this bone . Excellent . We 've got these samples . Chi-lan : Let 's get out from under here , guys . Bill : Skeptics believe cattle mutilations are a result Of either a man-made hoax or a natural predator attack . If it 's a man-made hoax , how do they do this overnight Without leaving any trace evidence behind ? To help uncover this mystery , We enlisted the help of a local veterinarian , dr . Amy mason . She 's gonna be performing an actual mutilation On a real dead cow . We need to have all these cameras set up So we can document everything to do with this re-creation . We 're gonna set up two of our cameras So we can document this experiment From beginning to end . It 's good to be able to try to re-create this As close as possible to the mutilation on manuel 's property . I think this is probably our vet . Dr. Mason . Hello ! Hey . Dr. Mason let us know that the cow had died of natural causes And has gone ahead and registered our experiment With the american humane society . We 've also promised that after the experiments , This calf will then be moved to the wolf sanctuary So that it does not go to waste . She 's gonna help us try to replicate the evidence That we found with the mutilated cattle , Which shows very precise incisions . On the edges on some of these incisions , There appear to be burn marks . We 're hopeful that by using an electrocauterizer , We can mimic some of these same results . Let 's try this . Let 's go right for what this is . It 's coming up like this . There it goes . Dr. Mason : You can see , though , how long it would take . Yeah . Almost an inch thick right there . Yep . So this isn 't something That someone can easily and quickly do . No . And , you know , from looking at how it does burn The edges of the flesh ... I mean , it 's cauterizing it , So if there was a blood flow , it could seal those vessels , So you wouldn 't have a bunch of bleeding . Larry : I am noticing that there is no blood . There is no blood . Larry : Dr. Mason first used the cauterizer . It started to look very similar ... Very clean , precise cuts . The only drawback from that is , One , you need an electric source , And , two , it just took forever . I 'm not saying whoever did those weren 't out there all night , But it 's just very unlikely . Have you ever heard of a predator being able to make These types of cuts ? Usually you 'll see claw marks And bite marks and teeth marks , And you 'll see where they left tracks and trails . No , they 're not neat . If this happened in 24 hours , you know , where did the mess go ? Bill : The cauterizer didn 't prove very practical in this sense . Maybe it was something portable that made the cuts , Possibly a laser . So , doctor , actually , we have a laser . Maybe we can try to use that as ... Make some precision cuts . Chi-lan : How 's it going , doctor ? You know , I don 't think it 's cutting very well . So , with this laser , it would take an incredibly long time . Bill : The laser wasn 't effective at all . If it wasn 't a cauterizer or a laser , Maybe it was something like a knife or a scalpel . Bill : Notice how the cuts ended up being A series of smaller cuts . We can see that all the instruments we 've been using , None of them really exactly match the photos That we 've been looking at . The blades cut through easier . The cauterizer leaves the slight carbonization At the tissue 's edge right . And the laser isn 't satisfactory at all . I don 't think that there 's a person capable To clean out a carcass like the pictures that we saw . The carcass was completely cleaned out , Devoid of any meat , any organ material , any vessels . I just don 't believe that a person would be able to do that . Bill : If people aren 't doing this , Maybe it is a result of animal attacks . To test this theory , we 're gonna leave the carcass out overnight To see if it attracts either predators or scavengers . Chi-lan : That fact that san luis has had five accounts Of ufo sightings reported since 1996 And manuel sanchez , the rancher , Has actually said that he saw lights in the sky Before he found his last mutilated cattle Makes me think there might be a correlation Between what 's been seen in the sky And what they 'reinding mutilated on the ground . So instead of just doing four cameras out into the field , I think we should put one skyward . What do you guys think ? Let 's aim it northward . Chi-lan : All right . So base camp will stay here . And then you guys will go out in the field . Zukowski : It 's a good idea . Let 's just stay in radio contact with each other . So right now , we have cameras looking this way . 1 is here . 2 is gonna be diagonally through this tree , towards the river . 3 is gonna be bordered by the river on this end . And , of course , 4 we have in front of the car , looking up . So we have eyes everywhere . Everything 's being recorded . And I want to turn these on , and we 're gonna go green . Zukowski : You see that over there ? Where ? It looks like something fell . Let me go take a look . All right . What is that ? Chi-lan : We have eyes everywhere . Everything 's being recorded . What is that ? Let me go take a look . Larry : All right . What is it ? Zukowski : I can 't tell . That 's just a log . Chi-lan : I know that this place did have five reported instances Since 1996 , So I 'm hoping that we do see something in the sky . Manuel did report seeing something . Zukowski : This is the path they 're taking . We 're actually on it right now . The closer we get to them , they scatter . If there is somebody doing these mutilations , It would be extremely hard for them To actually get to these cattle , Because they are so scared of us humans . I think we 've scoured this whole area . But I don 't think we 're gonna have a fresh mutilation That we 're gonna see today . Bill : We knew the chances were slim That we would encounter anything that could explain What 's happening here on the sanchez ranch . Even if we spent months out here , There 's no guarantee we 'd get what we need . In the morning , We 're gonna check the carcass and the footage To see if it 's attracted a predator Or whatever it is that 's causing these mutilations . Yesterday we tried to re-create the cattle mutilation As something being man-made . But we weren 't very successful . And our nighttime investigation Didn 't reveal anything paranormal . But our overnight camera Did catch a bird feeding off the carcass . Perhaps these mutilations aren 't caused By anything paranormal or man-made But are a result of a more natural occurrence . One of the theories on the mutilation of cows On how the precise incisions get there Is from natural bloating from within . So we have an experiment here to try to replicate that And see if we can get those precise incisions . So I have the new bladder here . We 're gonna put that into the spot . And this is our large cowhide . One of the big differentiations between just a cow dying Of natural causes out in the pasture And a cattle mutilation Is the presence of surgical-like cuts within the hide . Hawet goadnehe and done Is found consumer-grade cowhide And we 've mounted it onto a large board . And we 've put a balloon in there that we can blow up with air To mimic the natural gases expanding underneath the skin . And hopefully we can make that balloon blow up to the point That it would split the skin and it would create These very surgical-like incisions . Okay . You guys ready ? Yep . I 'm ready whenever you are . Here we go . Let 's start . It 's blowing up pretty nice . It is blowing up . S t 'yolee arsete for me . It 's ripping back here . It 's ripping on this side . Larry , are you getting that ? Can you see it ? Yeah . That 's really precise . Bill : One of the things that is a hallmark Of some of these mutilation cases Is radioactivity in the area . Believe it or not , there was a slight trace of radioactivity Right where the mutilated cow was found . We decided we would do our darndest to fan out And look for any trace evidence . But it was right under the tree where we found a single bone . We had it analyzed by dr . Thomas wake , Who 's the director of zooarchaeological studies At ucla . And it came back completely normal . Although it was a cow bone And we thought maybe it was from the fourth mutilation , There was nothing unusual about it . We were actually lucky enough To find a cow that had died of natural causes . And we contacted a local veterinary surgeon , dr . Mason . She came out to help us try to replicate these mutilations . She used a cauterizer , a sharp knife , and a high-powered laser . But it made too big of a mess , and it was just way too slow . So we came to the determination If a trained professional couldn 't do this , Nobody else could either . So now that we have this carcass , We thought , why not put a camera on it and watch it overnight ? The footage that we got of the cow that we left out Showed that there were a lot of birds preying on this carcass . So that pointed us towards natural theories ... Natural-occurrence theories . So we had to start looking at that . So we thought , why not do a bloat test ? A lot of theories out there say that these animals that die , Their natural gases within their bodies Actually cause their skin to expand and bloat And then rip and look like surgical incisions . So for us to mimic that , we went ahead and got a chamois , And we started expanding that To see if we can get the same results . And you 've got to take a look at this . Ben : It 's ripping . Almost in a straight line . Bill : Yeah . It actually seems to follow just the shape of the bladder . And when we actually did the mutilation with dr . Amy mason , We noticed that the organs underneath the skin Also have that curvature . When the organs inflate , it makes a curved tear . I know that cows generate a lot of methane And other gases inside , So I could see that being a factor . You guys think this is possibly what caused this animal To rupture in that way ? Chi-lan : Definitely . Because even the calf that we were using That was only dead for about 24 hours When we started our experimentation Had already begun bloating , And dr . Amy mason actually pointed that out to us . So what we 're trying to say Is this case doesn 't look like it 's paranormal . Given the indicators of the bloat test And how the scavengers Were picking on the carcass posthumously , I would say that it is a natural phenomena .
