 Previously on Caprica ... I let down my best friend , and now I 'm living a life I never intended . Are you ready to serve our cause ? Yes , I am . Do it . [ explosion ] Oh , my God ! While I 've been trying to get everyone to lie low , you 've been trying to build a power base . The leaders like action , not crazy plans that make you into a bouncer in some homemade heaven . [ guns cocking ] Apotheosis will unite the 12 worlds Under one true God . If the conclave would grant me an audience , I could make them see the value of it . You 're going to Gemenon ? Yes , it 's ... It 's just a little business trip . I 'm only going for a few days . I trusted my friends to get me to Gemenon , and they failed me . They 're gonna make copies of my chip , Lace , and the way they do that is they have to destroy the original , which is me . Stop . Philo , it 's me . [ alarm whooping ] no ! Everything I 've worked for is gone . They 're saying this incident proves We 've lost control of the project . I 'm not sure we 're getting it back . You get e company , you get the contract ... Guaranteed . It 's your dream . My dream Is to tear up your dream . Daniel , vergis told me that you stole his chip And killed two of his employees . I 'm sorry ? Tell me it isn 't true . [ sighs ] I feel like I 'm going insane . I lost my frakking mind . I was seeing my dead brother everywhere . As you can see here , production proceeds , With Graystone industries Churning out 1,000 robot chassis per month . And I 'm pleased to announce that Graystone industries Will deliver the first installment of battle units To the caprican government on time And , thank the gods , on budget . Forensic evidence from the scene , And that leads us to believe That this car bomb was , in fact , set by the S.T.O. , The terrorist arm of the monotheist religion . Now , several governments have come forward ... It was hot . It was so hot , The wings on the statue of icarus melted . Wings on the statue ... All right , guys , no more statue of icarus jokes . [ laughter ] [ crowd cheers ] Another nice move from jenkins . These c-bucs are riding high on a seven-game win streak Under new owner tomas vergis , And things are really looking up ... Now here 's mayard zartorus with traffic . Mayard ? Expect traffic delays If you 're headed over pantheon bridge this morning . Safety retro-fitting continues In the wake of the incident three weeks ago , When the controversial Dr. Amanda Graystone ... Off . [ click ] [ horn sounding ] Yeah , I 'll put it on the list . All right , where are your friends ? Oh , I 'm meeting them inside . Okay . Well , your dad 's gonna be jealous ... You at a c-bucs game and him stuck at the office . Everything okay ? Yeah . It really is . All right , well , have fun ! Thanks . Pick you up at 6 : 00 . Okay . Bye . [ marching band playing ] [ all whooping ] [ air horn blows ] Welcome to Atlas Arena for today 's worlds championship matchup Between the Caprican Buccaneers and the Gemenon Twins . Good afternoon , pyramid fans . It 's the Caprican c-bucs versus the Gemenon twins . Let 's all count down to the jump here at Atlas Arena . May the one true God drive out the many ... That I might find forgiveness in this life ... And redemption in the next . Six , five , four ... Hear my prayer , oh , God in heaven . Two , one . So say we all . Clarice ... I agreed to this meeting Because you promised to present A transformative recruiting tool ... Apotheosis . I don 't see how a terror attack Will lure the unenlightened into our fold . If anything , it will drive them further away . But you 've only seen the beginning . Imagine a world in which death has been conquered , In which eternal life is not just a dream But a reality . 30,000 capricans will die in the fire . A select few will be reborn ... Those who have accepted the one true God Into their hearts . Praise God . Praise the one true God . It 's true . I can 't believe it . I am delivered . Look , son , we 're really here . Only they will savor life everlasting In a virtual heaven that we have built . The 12 worlds will see our paradise And understand the gift that our God offers . We live in a remarkable era . Myth and mystery have been replaced By reason And science . I offer you a religion That removes the need for faith ... A religion of certainty That reflects the wonder of all we have created . That is Apotheosis . She certainly has a gift For stirring the pot , doesn 't she ? Time . It is 12 : 42 P.M. Oh , gods . Oh , gods ! [ water continues running ] I have suffered some ... Losses recently , and ... [ sighs ] And it 's made me think about the extremes That I would go to To avoid ever having to deal With that kind of pain again ... Both personally and professionally ... Which is ... What brings me here to you today . Tomas vergis has taken my company away from me , And I want it back . In return , I offer you something of great value , Something you 'll find very attractive . And normally , I would put something like this out ... I 'm not a young man . My point is ... I can make us both ... A great deal of money . And the nature of this exciting windfall ? A cure for human grief . Wait . I thought we were talking abt battle robots . Battle robots have a very limited consumer appeal . But who hasn 't lost someone that they loved ? Who wouldn 't do anything possible To bring that loved one back ? Well , what if all I had to do Was to buy the right piece of software ... That would re-create them ? They 'd be in the virtual world , yes , But ... but you could visit them every day , Talk to them , spend time with them again , Say the things that you 'd always wished you 'd said . Maybe ultimately we can even find a way To get them bodies in the real world . They would be a part of our lives once more ... The ultimate drug to heal the ultimate pain . Now , what do you think that 's worth to someone ? Now , Guatrau , I ... I know that you lost your son last year . Wait , please , let me ... May I ... Finish , please ? I lost my daughter ... And my wife . Now , we can either sit and wail At the gravity of our loss , Or we can rise up and redress it . This has unlimited potential on any number of levels , Not the least of which is profitability . Wait outside . Not you , Joseph . You caused quite a dustup in there . The young uns don 't know what to think . We 've always accepted a heaven built by God . Why can 't we embrace one built by his worldly instruments ? Well , it 's tacky , for one thing . Personally , I think the dream of eternal life Is far more compelling than actually living one . That 's much too boring . A man in your position doesn 't believe in life eternal ? I believe in being surprised . Apotheosis will work . It will unite the 12 worlds Under one true God . I 've known you a long time , Clarice , So I 'll be frank . You 're not a religious leader . You are S.T.O ... Technically , a terrorist . The church and the S.T.O. Have overlapped for many years . We are your strong right arm . Do what you 're good at doing ... making things go boom . Leave the business of saving soululs to the professionals . I want an audience with mother . Imagine that ... The blessed mother sipping tea With little Clarice Willow . Don 't mock me ! I 've done some terrible things In the service of this church . I have earned the right . I 'll do what I can . Tell me more about Daniel Graystone . Great wealth ... No humility . The idea that ... that rich people Can somehow buy their way out of grieving ? Stick to the man himself . I don 't like him . He believes he 's smarter than we are . He ... He thinks he can use us and then discard us When we 're done solving his problems for him . This life-after-death parlor trick ... Can he make it work ? I 've seen what he 's talking about . Tamara ... After she died , he ... He made a ... Made a version of tamara that was horrible . She couldn 't feel her heartbeat . She was frightened . I thought he didn 't have the software . It was destroyed , and that 's a good thing , because we need to grieve and move on . It 's the Tauron way . Joseph , you 've done good work . You 've given honest advice . You will represent my interests in this matter . This is an honor . You 've spent enough time straddling two worlds . Are you a true ha 'la 'tha ? Go home , Dr. Graystone . We 'll be in touch . Yeah , well , when ? Where ? Are we gonna meet somewhere or what ? The ha 'la 'tha finds you . [ door opens , door clos ] [ chuckles ] So ? The Guatrau give you a bump ? Maybe . Bee-no . Little brother makes his move . [ chuckles ] We 'll see . We 'll see . She requested an audience with the blessed mother . So what do you make Of Clarice Willow 's virtual heaven ? It 's a blasphemy , Complete ... Blasphemy . Oh , my . I 've known Clarice for a long , long time . She came to us when she was a child , And she quickly became the brightest star In the S.T.O. Training camp . She also became a dyed-in-the-wool zealot With delusions of grandeur ... Definite messiah complex . She 's got the conclave pretty worked up , mother . If she should get the S.T.O. rank and file on her side , Things can get ... Very ugly . [ scoffs ] lord save me from the capricans . [ chuckles ] I suppose ... You want to dispose of her . If it should suit the mother 's will . Very well . Go . Let me have my tea in peace . Obal ? Yes , blessed mother ? Leave the holoband . [ door creaking , closes ] Joseph and samuel adams are at the door . Can I get you anything ? We won 't be long . I wasn 't expecting you guys so soon . Would you look at this guy ? Hey , little man . So , terms ... what are the terms ? We reach out to your board of directors , Get you the title you want And the access you need to do your work . In return , well ... You become part of us . The whole ... the whole thing , right ? There 's no expiration date . Surely you 're not surprised . You know who we are . Yes , I know exactly what you are . You 'll see me as a resource , not a partner . You 'll suck my company dry of all its capital And toss the rest . Usually , we break up and sell what 's left . Yet you still come to us . Why ? Well , I 'm gambling that I can convince your Guatrau That my company will be more valuable to him Operating business as usual with my hand at the tiller . That 's ... One hell of a gamble . Well , if I had other options , you wouldn 't be here ... Touching my wife 's things . Excuse me . I 'm a busy man , and I 'm not interested In spending the night talking to a couple of errand boys . Do we have a deal or not ? In a moment . [ latches open ] See , Daniel , it 's important to make sure That , you 're not being unrealistic About where this road leads . Your mother lives on 14 arno court ... All right . Okay ... In phoebas . Right about now , she 's getting in her car , About to see her friend irene . You know irene . The problem is she 's not gonna arrive , Because we 've rigged her car to explode . We 're not screwing around , Daniel . We sign our deals in blood . It 's a show of faith to the Guatrau . You 're bluffing . If I am , then you have nothing to lose . Flip the switch . [ chuckling ] All right . I 'm out . I 'm out . In a partnership , it 's important to understand What lines your partner won 't cross . So that was ... What was that , a bluff ? Of course . The point was to make you think . Oh , please . About what , killing my mother ? You 've shown me your limitations . This isn 't a life for you . Walk away , and hope that nobody ever asks you To kill someone you love . Think about it . Take the afternoon . Lacy ! Bless this circle and the ritual we are about to perform . We are your soldiers , and we 'll gladly give our lives to serve you . Let me be your vessel , oh , God . [ gasps ] Fill me With divine light . I am your hammer and your sword . Am I boring you ? I don 't know the ritual . He 's done it before . It 's one of our most sacred . Well , sorry . Are you fully committed to the cause ? Of course she 's committed . Shut up , keon . I can speak for myself . Give me that knife . [ chuckles ] [ exhales deeply ] I feel God stirring within . All : I feel God stirring within . Hippolyta , come . Yes , Barnabas . It 's freezing down here , Diego . Can 't we go into the house and find a fireplace ? The church proper doesn 't like to see S.T.O. In its nice rooms . [ scoffs ] Besides , you 're safer here with us . Is it really that dangerous ? Well , you 've got the polytheistic rebels On the east . The hephaistons are on the other side . One big stalemate . Obal Ferras got his ceremonial panties in a bunch Over your little fireworks show . I hear he asked for your head on a stick From the mother . [ match scratches ] Did he receive it ? Oh ... I 'm just a poor , dumb terrorist . I don 't have access to the power and the privilege . Hell , they don 't even let us keep warm . Well , that 's not how it was on Gemenon ten years ago , Remember ? The armed branch of the church Is the only reason it made it through the lean years . I remember . We were treated like saviors . Now , of course , it 's different . The church has got a little bit too safe and cozy With its polytheist neighbors , if you ask me . I think it 's disgusting . We don 't make the rules , Clarice . They do . Well , that could change , of course . Wouldn 't it be wonderful , Diego ... To bring light to the worlds once and for all ? God has touched you . Bless you . What 's the short version ? Well , if you turn to page 80 ... 17 , You 'll see that we 've ... 17 ... Aggregated the data for each level of testing . Ah , gods , Cyrus ... I said the short version . [ clears throat ] Short version ... whatever spark it had is gone . Thing is toast . Or a toaster . [ chuckles ] Don 't just box it . Melt it down . All right . Is there a problem ? This was Daniel 's obsession , not mine . I 'm glad to be rid of it , Dr. Vergis . Good . I think I have something here , sister ... Something big , something huge . Can I ... Can I explain it to you ? Sorry to keep you waiting . Are you going to take me to mother ? She 's agreed to see you . Let 's walk . It 'll get your blood flowing . You 've reached Amanda Graystone . I 'm not available to take your call . Please leave a message . [ beep ] Hi , sweetheart . I ... I miss you . I just ... I really ... I miss you . Excuse me , Daniel . Cyrus Xander is at the front gate . I swear , if this wasn 't the holy land , I 'd suggest moving the whole religion To a tropical beach . It 's just as well . We want to make sure we 're not overheard . This idea that you brought to us today , I 'm not sure if you realize just how big it is . Oh , a little credit , please . The hand of God brought me a girl With the ability to turn code into a soul . When I think about it , I 'm ... I 'm overcome with awe . And you 're sure you can get it back ... This resurrection program ? Yes , I 'm certain . This is the moment . We can be a faith that builds temples here in the dirt , Or we can build them in the sky . So you really want to serve God ? I do . Or do you want to be God ? Come . We mustn 't keep mother waiting . Melted down ? I 'm putting it off . I keep expecting it to wake up , Like a coma patient in a tv movie . I knew he 'd come in And start making all the wrong moves . Yeah . What ? Well , he is making the robots . Don 't worry . It 's nothing vergis did . No , no , I 'm not worried . It was the crash or the fire after . The body was trashed , And , the MCP couldn 't boot up . We tried one more time to copy it . This time the copies worked . But they 're not ... They 're not like the original , are they ? No , no . They don 't score in the sentient range . But they shoot and fight . That 's enough for the military . [ chuckling ] that 's enough for the military ? Well , we have a defense contract ... We were going to create life , And now you 've settled for shooting and fighting And soldier bots Under tomas vergis ... please . Settled ? I 'm here reporting back to you , for gods ' sakes . I know . You just did what you had to do ... I get it . If I had the power to bring it all back ... I get it . All right ? You never really let me in , Daniel . You should go . But , Cyrus ... Just keep your head down , okay ? [ door opens ] What are we doing here ? Obal ? I 'm sorry . Show forgiveness . Don 't make this harder than it is . I wish there was another way , with all my heart . So do I. Diego . No . My , my , my . Well played . I am sorry , old friend . But the faith comes first , and you 've lost your way . [ knife plunges ] [ groans ] ah ... [ knives plunging , Ferras grunting ] [ continues grunting , gasping ] [ hinges squeaking ] Mother ... May I come in ? Please ... Do . [ hinges squeak , door closes ] My name is Clarice Willow . I know who you are . Obal Ferras just tried to have me killed . I heard . Are you unhurt ? I hope so . I 'm fine . And I 'd like to remain that way . You disapprove of apotheosis . Artificial heaven . I trust ... The hand of God to actually play a role in our lives . It 's best ... To let these things play out As he sees fit . You like to be surprised . Sometimes . So ... What is it you require To complete your little science project ? I need authority to assert total control Over all S.T.O. cells on Caprica . Agreed . What else ? I 'll prepare my list . [ distant bell tolling ] [ door opens , hinges squeaking ] This is offered freely ? It is . [ bell continues tolling ] [ bell continues tolling ] Doctor ? On second thought , let 's not melt it down just yet . Box it for deep storage ... Quietly . Maybe someday Dr. Graystone will be back for it . [ drill whirring ] Hey ! Are you one of the deadwalkers ? Looks like you 're in the wrong part of New Cap City . They say ... You can 't be killed . [ chuckling ] [ light piano music ] [ gun cocks ] [ sighs ] I hear you can 't die . But you can bleed , And you can hurt ... A lot . Hey ... You can 't pull the trigger . Can 't even raise your hand to take your holoband off . You can 't run . What did you do to me ? What should I do to you ? I 've seen this symbol around the city . It belongs to the other deadwalker . You know , I 've been looking for her . Any ideas where she is ? Okay , then go . Oh , thank you . Hi , sweetheart . I miss you . I just ... I really ... I miss you . Excuse me , Daniel . Cyrus Xander is at the front gate . I just ... I wish ... I wish that we could talk about this . Can we talk about this ? Will you call me ... Please ? I love you . [ beep ] [ sighs ] please select " leave a message " or " redial " now . Hey , it 's me . [ sighs ] I just can 't ... I can 't talk right now . I just ... I need some time . [ door opens ] just ... [ door closes ] Well , it 's good to be home .
