 Previously on Caprica ... I 've finally come to terms with being a Tauron . Joseph , you 've done good work . And you 've given honest advice . You will represent my interests in this matter . This is an honor . I 've had to do some things that I am not very proud of . Tomas Vergis has taken my company away from me and I want it back . Cyrus , what 's going on ? What is the board doing here ? The chairman has called for an emergency vote to reinstate Daniel Graystone as the CEO . Whatever they have told you , they are obligated to kill me . I know the Guatrau , he 's not an unreasonable man . You have no idea who you 're dealing with . You do not reason with the Guatrau . I have been asked to betray my loyalties . Why have you been so good to me ? 'Cause I loved Zoe too . Doctor , there are people around us , these monotheists ... I think your friend Clarice Willow is one . You want me to spy on my friend ? This is Amanda Graystone . She 's gonna be staying with us for a while . If Clarice Willow is who I think she is , then we could take down the entire S.T.O ... The people who murdered your daughter . You know , I think you might be ... the only person I can talk to . Tell me everything . Good morning , Cap City ... Well , my day has already started government forces used heavy armor to push back the rebel sunny day , but I 'm afraid the rain will be back ... So , I tried to play this Holoband game , New Cap City ... I held up a liquor store and I rolled a guy in the alley ... If I do it three more times , I 'll have enough money to actually buy the game and play it . It 's okay , I 'm here . Hey , Ev , can you incorporate my notes on the shareholders meeting ? You know , your faith in me is touching . What , meaning ? Already on your desk ! It 's open ! Morning . Hey Sam ! Kid ready yet ? He 's still eating . Take a load off . Hi Sam . Hello . Good morning , Larry . Here we go again . Why don 't you stop busting my balls ? It 's a little early , don 't you think ? Hey , Ev , can you ... Yeah , yeah , yeah , coffee . Why do you ask ? ... were drawn between the agrarians and heracletes . Nay ton dia . You watching this skor ? Language . Oh , but you should watch this , Willie . Your father and uncle lived through this when they were your age , now it 's happening again . Take a good look , kid . That 's your home world . People like us are getting crushed under tanks because fat colonies like this one are propping up the crooks that run that place . Speaking of which , here we go . Headed by Andreas Phaulkon , the so-called " playboy dictator . " Just look at that man . His people dying , but , oh , not a care in the world . Someone should put that nothoss down like the dog - that he is . - Yeah . What are you doing ? Cutting you off . Bad enough he 's got every tv in the house going 24 / 7 . He 's also sending practically everything he makes back to the cause . You want to turn that back on , please ? What cause ? Sending money to Tauron ? Okay , okay , enough politics for one morning . You go to school so that you can go and earn a living . I can 't find my keys . I 've got them . Kid , I 'm gonna be in the car . Okay . All right . - Have a good day . - You too . Bye , grandma . You 're good for him , you know ? No kidding . If somebody didn 't manage his life , he 'd still be chasing ambulances . No , that 's not what I mean , and you know it . You should look in on him tonight , make sure he 's got all his appointments for tomorrow too . Willie and I will be at my sister 's . Oh , gods . I just love that smell , don 't you ? Makes me feel like the whole day is waiting for me like a fresh sheet of paper . Hmm . Thank you . Rough night again , huh ? Been up since 4 : 00 . I cannot get my brain to turn off . Maybe you 'd sleep better upstairs . That an invitation ? Yeah , I think it 's about time . I don 't know whose idea this separate bed thing was away . Eh , I 'd probably just keep you up . Maybe I 'd keep you up . It 's that program , isn 't it ? I keep running into roadblocks . Zoe 's code , what I remember of it , was so ... so intuitive . Makes me feel like a hack trying to recreate it . You 'll figure it out . I have faith in you . I wish you did . The passing of a loved one is a terrible thing , a tragedy that leaves us bereft , our lives and our world that much smaller . But what if I told you there was a way to ease this heartache thanks to a breakthrough technology from Graystone industries ? Johnny ! Tessa ! - Dad ! - Daddy ! Imagine never having to say good-bye to your loved ones again . Imagine a future without loss , brought to you today . Grace by Graystone . Because some memories should live forever . We 're still negotiating for the rights to the song , but that 's how the finished spot will look when it airs . If it airs . " If it airs " ? Is there a problem with the resurrection program ? No , no , my problem is with this commercial . For one thing , I didn 't even know it was being made . We didn 't want to distract you from your work on the product itself . Oh , thank you . And since our research shows that most people still see Daniel as the face of Graystone , we went ahead with the computer-generated image . I didn 't think you 'd have a problem with it . You didn 't think I 'd have a problem with the appropriation of my image for a marketing campaign that I never even signed off on ? If you don 't respond to my emails ... That 's my image , Cyrus . That 's my image . It 's a good likeness though . It 's not even well-rendered . I want it scrubbed . No . It 's sweet . Children will find it comforting . I 'm not necessarily objecting to the concept . It 's the execution . I think people ... Even kids ... Will know that it 's a digital image , and that can be off-putting . Then may I suggest that you reshoot it ? And this time , use the actual Dr. Graystone . After all , there 's no substitute for the real thing . That 's fine . Put that on my calendar , please . Will do . Okay , okay , that 's enough . Take out your math homework . Get to work . Here , grab an edge . Help me make this tub more comfy . All right . So ... Any day now , huh ? But you don 't have a due date ? Nope . And I don 't know whether it 's a girl or a boy . I didn 't want a sonogram or an amnio . Not even a blood test . Amanda , I thought I made it clear . I trust in my faith and my family to help me deliver a healthy baby . No , I know , I know . I ... I ... I guess I 'm just thinking like a doctor . Can you do me a favor and do a grocery run ? The list is on the fridge . Yeah , sure . Absolutely . What 's going on with Zoe 's program ? Any progress ? Well , the G.D.D. seized Zoe 's belongings , so they should have the pin with the program in it . Arvo 's got his G.D.D. mole on it . The G.D.D. ? Yes , Mar-Beth . You 've got us stealing from the G.D.D. now ? Adopting terror mom isn 't enough for you ? Don 't call her that . She 's a tabloid celebrity , Clarice . Having her here is like turning this house into a giant lightning rod . It 's God 's will for me to keep her close , therefore I trust in God to keep us all safe . Funny how God 's will always seems to serve your needs . I didn 't choose this path . The things I 've done , the things that I 've allowed to happen , I 've not taken any pleasure in them . They 've been a necessary sacrifice . Apotheosis will bring the 12 worlds under the one true God . And it 's my destiny to make that happen , and I will . Even if the next sacrifice turns out to be your family ? Well , I pray God that he never asks that of me . " G. " For " Graystone . " You get it ? You gotta admire the orkhayss on these fat cats . They 're like taggers slapping their names up and down walls and buildings because they own those walls and buildings . You know , they don 't want you to forget it . Oh , all right . What 's up , Sam ? - Hmm ? - Talk to me . What 's bugging you ? I had a dream last night . Nightmare actually . We were back on Tauron seeing it happen again . I don 't wanna talk about that . Yeah , well , I guess it 's ' cause it is happening again . Gonna be a lot more kids like us before this is over . Well , it 's a bad situation . Meanwhile I got Larry giving me nothing but grief , 'cause I sent a little extra back home this month . He 's not like us ... You know , he just doesn 't get it . Are you that strapped ? How much you sending back ? I bought some guns too . Nothing heavy . Smalls arms , just whatever I could shake off the streets . You 're running guns to Tauron ? Does the Guatrau even know about this ? No wonder Larry 's angry with you . He 's worried about you . You 're playing with fire . Yoseef , they 're our people , and they are down to throwing stones . I have to do something . Evelyn understands . She sends money . I know you get it . But my own husband , no respect for what you and I have gone through ? I feel like I don 't even know the guy anymore . Sam , you don 't know how lucky you are . Everybody goes through this at some point . - Yeah ? - It 'll pass . It 's part of marriage . You should be thankful . You got somebody who loves you . You 're getting stronger . You scared me . Good . Keeps you on your toes . Yeah . So what have you gotten so far ? I can 't even remember the kids ' names . These people don 't even trust me to do the dishes . Who 's the biggest problem right now ? Mar-Beth . She pretty much runs the place . I can 't believe I talked myself into this . No , you 're doing fine . You just stay observant , pick up what you can ... Subgroups , patterns of behavior , pecking orders , anything like that . It 's all good . But you gotta work on fitting in . Good gods , Duram . Fitting in ? These people killed my daughter . You want to connect with these people , you gotta lose that anger . You focus on Mar-Beth , open yourself up to her . Hell , I don 't care what you do , but do it soon . Got a bad feeling we 're running out of time . Just tell me what we need , and I 'll get it . Good-bye . Look at these guys . Frakkin ' city workers , all the time in the world . I mean , what if we really did have a dead guy rotting in the back ? Come on ! Frak , get us outta here , come on ! Help the gentlemen out of their car . All right , all right . Let 's see what we have here . Looks like cause of death was gun-related . Atreus , Adelfeh , we 're not looking for a fight here . Nothoss ! Demos ! Do it . Do it ! Whoops . I 'm out . You tell your Guatrau to stay out of our gun business , or the soil is gonna get crowded . Let 's go . All the flavor and none of the calories . Something tells me I 'm gonna be hungry later though . What are you working on ? Well , not to put too fine a point on it , but I 'm working on you . On me ? I 'm refining the algorithms that extrapolate personality traits and memories from online data . Still , it seems like I 've got a long ways to go . A long ways to go before ? Maybe you need to work on my brain some more , because I 'm not following you . That 's my problem , not yours . Hmm . I may not be perfect , but I am good at some things . I bet I could please you . I don 't doubt it . A healthy sex drive , along with a desire to please are baseline components the program builds into every avatar . You make it sound so mechanical . You 're working too hard . You need a vacation . Right , a vacation . That 's the ticket . When was the last time you had one ? Goodness . Well ... I think Zoe was nine , so seven years ago . That is a long time without a break . It was bitter cold that winter , so we decided to go someplace warm . Not fancy though . We found a campground on one of the Ionian islands . You know , come to think of it , Zoe , she actually celebrated her ninth birthday there . Hmm . And we gave her a camera . Let me just see what I can find here . Just move this up ... Here . Zoe . Get rid of this . There . I remember that tent . I stayed in one just like it . You remember how it smelled , the canvas after the rain ? " It rains here every afternoon like clockwork . I guess dad forgot to ask about the rainy season . " Zoe 's diary . Yeah , I guess so . That 's fine , but you 're still just regurgitating quotes and facts . I want you to really try to remember how it felt . Like the night that we snuck outta the tent when Zoe was sleeping . We got a bottle of wine and we ran down that path . To the beach . There was just enough moonlight to see the surf . And the air was cold , but the water was so warm . That 's my journal now . Don 't just parrot it back . Really remember . Remember . Remember the ... the feel of the sand on our bodies . And we made love . Yes . We didn 't care about the sand , because we were ... We were ... It 's like we were hungry for each other . Like I feel now . Our memories ... Our memories are shaped by shared experiences . If I apply a social networking model and cast a wider data net , I might be able to ... Make love to me . I want you to make love to me like that night . Let me do what I 'm good at . Let me please you . I don 't remember you asking for permission to send weapons to Tauron . I 'm sorry , Guatrau . But what I did , I did for a good cause . How could we not help our own people to protect themselves ? The gun trade belongs to Atreus . He was within his rights to kill Demos . His death is your responsibility . You must show them that you are anair hoss oo katakaysetie . But because you acted on this alone , you must take care of this alone . By the end of the day . Or I 'll have yostigmata removed with a blowtorch before I wish you safe journey . Daniel , we need to talk . Oh , hey , listen , I 'm sorry about this morning . We 're all under a lot of pressure , - but I shouldn 't have snapped . - Forget it . If it 's any consolation , I think I may have just had a breakthrough with the resurrection program . Yeah , this is about something else . Come here for a sec . Sure . What 's on your mind ? You asked me to keep an eye on the books . Take a look at these . Time cards . Why am I looking at ... Oh . Since when did we add a third shift ? Since never , as far as I know . Check out the shipping and receivable . Yeah , I don 't recognize these parts numbers . No pricing . And no customer data . Damn it , something 's flying out the back door . Yeah , but what exactly ? I mean , are they dumping Holobands on the grey market or what ? Yeah , maybe . Well , what do you want to do , ask the Ha 'la 'tha how they 're ripping us off ? No , don 't do anything just yet . Tap into our surveillance system . See if you can find out what 's going on . Thank you , Cyrus . You question our ways , our personal conviction , even the way I have my baby . I wasn 't questioning you . I 'm a doctor . I 'm used to thinking a certain way about certain things , that 's all . Yeah , well , so am I. And you have to leave . I don 't want you in my house . I 'm sorry it has to be like that . I 'm afraid it does . You 're wrong about one thing though . I don 't think you 're crazy about how you 're choosing to have your baby , I don 't . I 'm jealous , actually . How so ? Zoe was an accident . I wasn 't planning on having a child . I was busy building a practice . Daniel was obsessed with his career . I mean , we weren 't prepared . I kept thinking that that was what I should want , and I thought that eventually instinct would just kick in and everything would be fine . But every time someone touched my belly , I would cringe . And when she was born , I didn 't want to hold her . Postpartum depression . Yeah . I got over it . I loved Zoe . But ... I think children ... babies ... Pick up on that stuff , those early feelings . Sometimes I think that 's why Zoe and I fought so much . I think that might even be the reason that she drifted . Anyways ... Mar-Beth , I see you here in this house with this big , beautiful family , and the noise and the chaos , and I know that maybe you take it for granted , but I don 't . I feel very , very lucky to have been able to share this time with you , even if it 's just a little while . So thank you , Mar-Beth . Yoseef . See you found my favorite smoking spot . Don 't worry , I will cede the ground . Stay if you want . It 's your name on the building . I always think about lighting up inside , but I guess it 's the littlest rules that are hardest to break . I 'm not your enemy , Graystone . Yeah , funny , there was a time I thought we might actually be friends . Times change . Guess neither of us managed to break our bad habits though . Guess not . Never shoulda started up again . It 's like every decision I 've made since the bombing has been a wrong turn . By now , I 've made so many of them I 'm not sure I even know how to get back . Get back to where ? To who I was , or who I thought I was . You can 't do that alone . You may need somebody . You need someone who can see the man you were inside the man you 've become and forgive you . Did your wife do that for you ? Yeah . Till your daughter blew her up . Did you see the frakkin ' look he gave me ? That guy was a short hair away from pissing himself . Ah , the Guatrau . The mighty Guatrau , I 'll tell you something , we put that old frakker on notice today . Next time we go after his dopers and his judges . King is dead . Long live the king . Oh , what can I say ? I promise to be a kind and generous monarch . Hey , is somebody using the elevator ? Let me guess , you 're bringing some more girls ? Call downstairs . Oh , what the frak ? This someone 's idea of a joke ? There 's no answer downstairs . Oh , frak me . Frak me . It 's Atreus , right ? I don 't think you ever formally introduced yourself . Look , man , all your guns are there . And I got a ton more . I got machine guns , I got grenade launchers . Take ' em , take ' em all . Hmm . Thanks . That was quite the stunt you pulled on me today . Thought I 'd return the favor . Oops . Guess I 'm out . How ' bout you ? No . No ! No ! Task completed . By your command . How are you with tanks ? I want to thank you for coming . I 'm not sure why I 'm here . I asked you not to call anymore . I know , I know . And I know that you want to stay with Clarice for a while , and I understand that . That 's okay , I just ... I would like to talk about us , our future , moving forward , how we move forward , if we even want to move ... Assuming that that 's something that we both want . Okay . Okay . I think ... I think we should start by being honest with each other , completely honest , which means that I 've got to tell you some things you may not be ready to hear . Like ? Well , it starts with ... With why I stole Vergis ' chip . It was so I could bring our daughter back . You 're talking about the avatar , aren 't you ? No . But you said that ... I lied . I lied about that . It was real . For all intents and purposes , she was Zoe . Gods . There 's more . In order to get my company back , I needed help so I went back to the Ha 'la 'tha . And because I did that ... Because of the choices I made , Tomas Vergis is dead . He 's dead . He ... he bled out at my feet right ... right over there , actually . Oh , gods , Daniel . I can 't believe this . Oh , this all seems so unreal . I know . I know . Believe me , I have tried to make sense of it myself , tried to figure out how in the worlds I got to this place . And the one thing I keep coming back to is Zoe . All I know is that once I found her again , I ... I couldn 't let go . I wanted her back in my life so bad that I was willing to do anything , anything to get her back . Including killing Vergis ? I didn 't want that . That was ... I didn 't fully understand where it was all going to lead . I just wanted things back the way they were ... You know , you and me , our family , the life that we had before . Everything I did , everything I have done , has been about trying to get back to that place . However ... however crazy it seems now . What do you expect from me ? Just to forgive you , wipe the slate clean ? I don 't know . Can you ? Would you ? Yes , yes . Yes , of course I can . I love you . I love you . I love you . How can you forgive me after everything I 've told you ? But I thought ... Obviously it was just half-truths . My motives aren 't that pure . Nobody 's are , no matter what they claim , and you should know that by now . You should know that . But Daniel , I don 't understand . I don 't understand any of this . And what 's more , it doesn 't matter . - I love you . - Stop saying that . - Stop saying that , please . - But it 's true . No , it 's not ! You can 't love me . You can 't love anyone , because you 're not human . You 're a thing . Daniel , I 'm very confused . I don 't know what you want from me . I want you to be real ! I want you to be her ! And my real wife would never forgive me like that . She would call me on my crap and walk straight out that door and probably never come back . And you know what ? I would deserve it . I would deserve it . Daniel . I would deserve it . Guatrau , if you had seen this thing in action ... I 've seen the test sessions . It 's an impressive weapon . But like any other weapon , it 's only as intelligent as the hand that wields it . Those robots could turn this entire rebellion around . With the amount we 're selling to the military , the loss would be minimal , a drop in the bucket . And how much would we lose if your rebels came to power ? Would they continue to do business with us or would their high-minded principles get in the way ? They 're Tauron . And so are the people they 're fighting . Samuel , do you remember what " Ha 'la 'tha " means ? Of course , Guatrau . It means " always faithful to the soil . " Like the soil underfoot . We are everywhere , and we endure . Governments are ephemeral , they rise , fall , and return to the soil . The way we endure is by staying out of politics . It wasn 't like that in the beginning , back home . This is home now . This is where your family is . Your obsession with the old world is a distraction . ! It ends here . Guatrau . Good night , Samuel . Almighty God , creator and destroyer , whose love binds us in an eternal embrace . Today we ask you to welcome a new life to your bosom as we welcome it to ours , to nurture and protect this seedling so that it may grow roots in the most stony of soils and bear lush fruit , and thereby remind us that though our lives may be hard , as when we struggle to accept the sadness that is one part our lot , so too do we embrace the joy . For every ending brings a new beginning , as surely as spring follows winter . And thus in the face of adversity we are heartened to renew our spirit and reclaim our cause . For yours is the power and the glory , oh , God . And your love that consecrates us all . For yours is the promise of life everlasting on these worlds and on the world hereafter . So say we all . So they 've accepted you . For now anyway . How 'd you do it ? I lied . Good girl .
