 [ R. Nicholas Rush ] : This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . [ Colonel Everett Young ] : That ship is the best chance we have of getting home . Are we done ? We 'll never be done . [ Camile Wray ] : You shouldn 't have left him on the planet . [ Young ] : You think I don 't know that ? [ Chloe Armstrong ] : Everyone thinks we 're safe . They think that they 'll never find us again . Why did you take one of our people prisoner ? [ Snarls and vocalizes ] [ Chloe ] : We 're not safe , are we ? - They 're coming ! - Who 's coming ? Lucian Alliance . They 're coming to take Destiny . [ Rush ] : There 's only one way this is going to end if we wait . [ Young ] : I 'm not surrendering this ship . I 'm pregnant . It 's yours . [ Young ] : Emily ! I 'm barely keeping it together , and the only thing that 's keeping me from going out of my mind is you . [ Emily young ] : You made your choice , Everett . You really should talk to someone . [ Lt. Tamara Johansen ] : Look , I lost my baby . And now maybe she 's in a better place . [ Gloria Rush ] : You found the keys to controlling all of Destiny 's systems . And you 're not going to tell anyone . Riley 's not going to make it , sir . Look , I 'm already healing . [ Rush ] : A transfusion of Chloe 's blood could help save his life . [ Johansen ] : And pass whatever the aliens did to her on to him ! [ ♪ ] We 've run a series of comparative blood tests using various pathogens we 've encountered and isolated along the way . While Chloe 's blood continues to show atypical antibiotic properties ... Lieutenant Scott 's see to have gone back to normal . Sir . I 'm just saying , I think it 's safe to let him out of isolation . That 's fine . I 'll , uh , I 'll have him released . You okay ? Emily wants a divorce . I just got back , and ... I don 't know . I guess I should have seen it coming , but ... Is it even legal to sign papers in someone else 's body ? I ... uh , I wouldn 't know . Well , I guess it doesn 't matter . Thanks . Wait . Uh ... maybe we should talk . After everything that 's happened , we ... haven 't had the chance . Is there anything that you and I could possibly say that 's going to make it any better ? Maybe that 's not the point . Well , then , what is ? [ Footsteps move away ] ♪ Stargate Universe 2x06 ♪ Trial and Error Original Air Date on November 2 , 2010 Eli . Hey . I don 't know if you 've met Ginn , one of our guests from the Lucian Alliance . She 's been cooperating , providing intel on Alliance activity in the Milky Way , but I think she may be able to help us on the ship as well . I spent over a year studying ancient systems to prepare for the trip . I was particularly interested in some of your theories on dialing while inside a star . Wow . Do you still think there 's a chance you could make it work ? To be honest , I wasn 't really making much progress , so I kind of put it aside . Well , maybe with Ginn 's help , that can change . I guess it 's worth a shot . Good . I 'll leave you to it . Have a seat . Thanks . [ Doors open ] They let you out . Yeah . So ... you 're not changing . Well , T.J. says I 'm pretty much back to normal . I guess everyone was a little afraid I 'd ... poisoned you with my alien blood . You 're not contagious . They 're just keeping you here because ... Because I might black out and sabotage the ship without even knowing it . You saved my life . If you were just some alien monster , you would have left me to die out there , and no one would have known any better . My skin 's changing . Look . It 's coarse . Like , it 's getting hard . And it 's growing . It doesn 't matter . Listen ... Hey . We 're going to find a way out of this . I promise . [ Doors close ] [ Brody , over comm ] : Colonel Young , come in . Colonel Young , this is Brody , in the control interface room . Please respond . This is Young . Go ahead . We 've got a bit of a situation here . I 'm on my way . What do we got ? Nine alien ships . They just dropped out of hyperspace . They 've got us surrounded . Looks like the same ones who took Rush and Chloe . We left them behind in another Galaxy . How the hell did they find us out here ? [ Alert beeps ] We 're getting a message . Oh , my God . They want us to hand over Chloe . What if all this time they were slowly changing her to one of them , and now they want her back ? She 's not one of them . [ Young ] : She was gathering intelligence . She may not have known it , but that 's what she was doing . All the more reason not to let them anywhere near her . - How long till we jump ? - [ Brody ] : 44 minutes . [ Young ] : Power weapons . [ Rumbling ] I don 't think that 's the response they were looking for . Return fire . Watch your heads . Move ! This is not a drill ! Sergeant , you get these people to designated areas . I 'm gonna go check observation . All right . Come on , come on , come on . Let 's go , let 's go . Come on ! What are you doing ? We 're under attack . [ Explosions , rumbling ] I can see that . You can 't take on this many ships . They want Destiny more than anything . They wouldn 't destroy us . Well , not intentionally , but they 'd have to collapse the shields in order to board us , and that 's a risky proposition . [ Firing , explosions continue ] [ Pushes button ] [ Glass cracking ] Colonel , this is Scott . You need to seal the entire section around the observation deck . Why ? Seal it now ! Now ! [ Glass crackling ] [ Young ] : Scott ! What 's going on ? [ Massive explosions ] We 've got secondary explosions in the engineering area . Scott , come in ! Power 's overloading in the sublight drive . It 's going critical . Emergency shutdown . [ Alerts wailing ] It 's too late . [ Explosion ] [ Breathing heavily ] Oh , my God . The plan is to get the repair robot working on the large domed room we found when we first came aboard the ship . If the structural integrity can be restored , it can be used as a new home for hydroponics . Do we know how long it would be before the room can hold atmospheric pressure ? Well , we 've crunched some numbers , and we think- - what about the weapons systems ? Still half a dozen gun batteries that are offline . Well , you told us to postpone the work until we had a greater understanding of the grid that powers the system- - with that many positions down , entire sections of the ship are vulnerable to attack . Wasn 't Dr. Kemp recently injured working on this problem ? Yeah , there was an unexpected surge in one of the conduits . There 's also the risk of a much more catastrophic overload- - Irrelevant . Fix it . We don 't even know what 's wrong with it . Weapons are a priority . A new home for hydroponics can wait . Dismissed . [ People murmuring ] What was that ? Don 't start , Camile . That work is dangerous . You shut it down for a reason . We need to be able to defend ourselves . After everything that we 've been through , that should be obvious . Yeah , you know what ? You 're right . We have been through a lot . You , especially . Is this you acting as ship 's therapist now ? I know you , Everett . You hold yourself responsible for everything , including what happened to T.J. and the baby . But if it 's starting to cloud your judgment , I need to know . I 'm fine . [ Doors open ] I brought you some food . Not hungry . Okay , then . How about some company ? [ Closes doors ] I 've been working on some fairly interesting equations . I thought you may want to take a look . You 've got to be kidding me . I 'm not the one keeping you in here . I tried to help you . What , with the chair ? Was that even real , or was it just for show ? Of course it was real . You know , it 's pointless trying to deny the advantages of your situation . I mean , just ask Lieutenant Scott . If the chair had worked , well , he 'd be dead right now . Do you even know what 's really happening to me ? Obviously you 're undergoing quite significant physiological changes , most notably in your brain . I haven 't given up hope of finding a solution . But in the meantime , I would have thought you would at least want to try and keep yourself occupied . My research has taken a very interesting turn . I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission . See , here . These numbers haven 't been corrected for gravitational time dilation . Obviously it depends on the size of the star , but it could make a pretty big difference . Huh . How 'd I miss that ? Well , your math is always perfect , but sometimes ... you lose sight of the context . Like I said , I 've been studying your work . You didn 't have anything better to do ? I like numbers . And equations . I always have , ever since I was little . They don 't lie . When I was a kid , I wanted to be a Vet . Animal doctor . Um , so , uh , my mom bought me a hamster , you know , to teach responsibility . I left the cage door open and my dad stepped on him . [ Eli chuckles ] That was the end of that career . Well , I 'm sure you would have made a very good doctor . Anyway , um ... If it wasn 't for the , uh , hamster ? It 's like a small rodent . Well , if it wasn 't for him , none of us would be here . Hmm . I never thought of that . That 's ... really weird . I don 't ... [ Eli chuckles ] [ Breathes deeply ] [ Brody ] : Colonel Young , come in . Colonel Young , this is Brody , in the control interface room . Please respond . This is Young . We 've got a bit of a situation here . They want us to hand over Chloe . What if , all this time , they 've been slowly changing her into one of them , and now they want her back ? She 's not one of them . Colonel . What should we do ? Maybe we should power the weapons ? No , it won 't work . We 've still got 44 minutes until the next jump . We have to do something . [ Rumbling ] That was a warning shot . [ Alert beeps ] We 're getting another message . [ Eli ] : It says if we don 't comply , they 'll destroy us . [ Brody ] : They 're bluffing . They want Destiny more than anything . What 's happening ? We 're surrounded by alien ships . They want us to hand over Chloe . I suggest we shut down all non-essential systems , devote every scrap of power to the shields . Let 's do that . Let 's do it . [ Rumbling ] I don 't think that 's the response they were looking for . [ Rush ] : It doesn 't matter . The shields are holding . [ Rumbling ] They don 't have enough firepower . We 'll make it to the jump . We 've got more ships incoming . I 'm now reading 15 ships total . They 're all firing . [ Explosions and rumbling ] I thought we agreed that they didn 't want to destroy us ! [ Rush ] : Not intentionally . They 'd have to collapse the shields in order to board the ship . We have secondary explosions in the engineering area . [ Brody ] : Power 's overloading in the sublight drive . It 's going critical . [ Rush ] : Emergency shutdown . Now ! [ Multiple alerts beeping ] [ Brody ] : It 's too late . [ Breathing heavily ] [ Pounding on door ] Colonel ... [ Slurring ] : Well , you wanted to be shrink . Now here 's your chance . What are you talking about ? What 's going on ? I think I might be going insane . You 've been drinking . That 's not the problem , just one of the symptoms . No , what I 'm saying is that maybe now 's not the best time . Yeah . All right . Well , I , uh ... [ Coughs ] I 've been having this recurring dream , only it 's more than a dream . It 's , uh , it 's real . It 's about as real as it gets . Okay . What 's it about ? The aliens from the other Galaxy , they , uh , catch up to us , they surround the ship , and then they ask me to hand over Chloe . And , now , the first time , I try to fight them off , the ship gets destroyed . The second time , I go into a defensive shell , but the ship still gets destroyed . Wait a minute . Is that why you ordered Park and her team to resume work on the weapons grid ? Because of this dream ? Listen . There 's something else going on here . I mean , this is like no dream I 've ever had before . I mean , I- - I can feel the floor under my feet , I can smell the sweat of the people around me , Camile . Yeah , yeah . It 's a no-win scenario . It seems like the only way out would be for you to do the one thing that you don 't want to do . I don 't think it 's that simple . Have you even spoken to Chloe since you 've confined her in her quarters ? No . Well , maybe that would be a good place to start . [ Doors open ] Hey . Wow , another visitor . [ Chuckles ] I 've never been so popular . Well , listen , you know , I 'm sorry that I haven 't come to see you before . I 've been busy . Also , it 's , uh , it 's hard for me . Because of what you might have to do . You know , I ... I was feeling sorry for myself , being stuck in this room , but then I remembered how everyone looked at me when they found out I was still infected . I think I 'm better off in here . Really ? You know what , the people on this ship care about you . They 're afraid of me . I 'm afraid of me . Nobody 's given up hope here . I know . But if there 's no solution , if I keep changing , sooner or later , you won 't have a choice . [ Grunts playfully ] Hey . Sorry . So ? So , what ? When are you gonna make a move ? What are you talking about ? Ginn . The girl 's into you . And you know this from watching us work together for , what , two days ? I knew it after 10 minutes . The girl loves math , Eli . And if ever you were gonna have a chance with anyone , this is probably it . Thanks . Tell you what . The next time we 're together , I 'll arrange to get called away . Okay . But don 't make it too obvious . Obvious is good . Time to man up . [ Brody ] : Colonel Young , come in . Colonel Young , this is Brody , in the control interface room . Please respond . What 's happening ? We 're surrounded by alien ships . They want us to hand over Chloe . I suggest shutting down all non-essential systems , devote every scrap of power to the shields . No , that 's not going to work . More ships are coming . Well , how could you possibly know that ? If we power the weapons or the shields or provoke them in any way , they will open fire and destroy all of us . So , what do we do ? [ Doors open ] I guess it 's time . Colonel , this is Brody . You were right . Another half-dozen ships just dropped out of hyperspace . Are they sending over a shuttle ? It 's on its way . Dial back the shield strength over the hull breach . [ Keypad beeping , doors open ] [ Doors lock shut ] What did you do ? I didn 't have a choice . You son of a bitch ! Lieutenant , no ! No ! [ Brody ] : Colonel , we 've got a problem . A lot more . [ Young laughing ] [ Electrical system powers down ] [ Young laughing ] Colonel Young , are you reading me ? Colonel ? This is Scott . What 's happening ? This is Rush . Power 's down all over the ship , including shields . We can 't restore them . Chloe must have discovered how and passed along the information . Get down to the armory , break out every weapon we 've got . Organize defense teams . We 're about to be boarded . Yes , sir . [ Young laughing ] [ Artillery blasting ] [ Greer ] : We 've got another hull breach near the infirmary ! [ Scott ] : Fall back to my position ! [ Rush ] : This is Rush . We have to defend the gate room at all costs ! [ Lt. James ] : There 's too many ! We can 't hold ' em ! [ Static crackles over comm ] [ Sloshing , gulping ] Colonel ? Hey . Hey , what are you doing here ? Picking up a batch Brody made for me . Extra strong . I use it for disinfectant . You don 't look so good . [ Laughs ] Yeah , I know . I guess it 's that obvious , huh ? Everett , what if I told you that the baby , our baby , is still alive ? I mean , I don 't know . Why would- - why would you do that ? Because I saw her . Because I held her in my arms and she 's beautiful- - T.J ... It 's like nothing you can imagine . We were on the planet where we left Caine and the others , and the aliens there , they said that they would take care of her . Caine promised me . And they sent me back here . You never left the ship . I know that- - look , I know . I know what it sounds like . And that 's why I didn 't say anything before , because I knew that you would think I was crazy . But I 'm not . I 'm not crazy , and it wasn 't a dream . Why is it so hard to believe ? After everything that we 've seen since we 've been here- - [ yelling ] : Hey , listen to me ! Just because you want something to be true , it doesn 't mean it is , T.J. Okay ? Okay . You listen to me . I can see where you 're going . I know , because I almost went there . I 'm afraid that you won 't come back . I 'm sorry . [ Starts to cry ] [ Beeping ] That 's weird . What ? The computer 's using a ton of memory running a program I 've never even seen before . Maybe some kind of auto diagnostic ? I don 't ... I have to ask , what are all these pictures ? Oh , those are stills from my movie . My documentary . I 've been trying to keep a record of everything that 's been happening to us , using the Kino . Here . [ Tapping keyboard ] Oh , see ? [ Brody ] : Nobody wants to see this . [ Eli ] : No , no , it 's the little things that make all the difference . [ Brody ] : Fine . Ancient toilets . Here we go . [ Eli and Ginn laughing ] Anyway , you get the idea . [ Lt. James , over comm ] : Sgt. Greer , come in . Go ahead . There 's a problem in the mess . We need your assistance . On my way . You 're leaving ? Could take a while . One second ? [ Keyboard tapping ] Whoa , whoa . Uh , I 'm not so sure about this . You 'll thank me later . But what am I supposed to say ? The girl 's from another planet . I guess I 'm supposed to tell you to be yourself , but in your case ... [ Eli 's voice ] : So my mom just left . It was good to see her , even though she was in Park 's body . Little weird . Anyway ... I think it helped . At least I hope so . Okay , I got this . You got this ? How long are you gonna be ? How long you gonna need ? I 'll take my time . [ Chuckling ] It 's hard . You know ? I mean , I know that we 're several billion light years apart , and , well , that may never change ... But I ... I just need to know that she 's still there . You know ... 'Cause if she 's not ... Oh God . ... Then I don 't have- - sorry . I- - I didn 't know that it was going to be anything that personal . No , no , that 's- - that 's not your fault . Real smooth , though , huh ? A grown man crying about his mom . Suave . [ Sighs ] I might as well just get Greer to come back . What do you mean ? [ Sighs ] Never m-mind . [ Whirring as ship drops out of FTL ] Colonel ? Colonel , are you in there ? Yeah . What do- - what do you need ? Uh , the ship , it dropped out , but there 's no gates in range . Brody says we 're just drifting . [ Slurring ] : Well , that doesn 't sound so bad . Except there 's no countdown clock . We have no idea how long it 's going to last . You figure it out . [ Doors closing ] Sir ? Problems ? Well , the ship doesn 't drop out of FTL for no reason . Unless you tell it to . Yeah , well this time , it wasn 't me , and I can 't find anything wrong with navigation or propulsion . Maybe you need to look somewhere else . As far as I can tell , there 's nothing interfering with the normal operation of the FTL drive . The ship just doesn 't want to go anywhere . What about a dial-in ? Gate 's quiet . Where 's Young ? He 's not feeling well . All right , what 's new ? So far , we 've got nothing . What about you ? Eli ? Well , I 've been working with that Lucian Alliance girl , Ginn ? Actually , it 's gone a little bit beyond just working together . I don 't want to jinx it , but she 's- - Eli . Anyway , we 've been running a series of programs that were designed for modeling . You know , simulation . It was really sluggish . I couldn 't figure out why . And then I realized that the computer was running a simulation of its own . What kind of simulation ? I just figured that out now . It 's a battle scenario . The Destiny drops out of FTL , and then it 's immediately surrounded by alien ships . It 's run through several different variations , different scenarios , but it always ends badly . Oh , my God . Are you talking about the aliens from the other galaxy , the ones that took Chloe and Rush ? Yeah , same guys . Camile , what is it ? A battle simulation . Exactly . Extremely complex , modeled down to the last detail , and always with an unfortunate result . Well , it 's interesting , but what 's it got to do with the ship dropping out ? Look closer . Something about this program is overriding normal operations . Which leaves only one question . Why ? Okay , so you 're telling me the ship is affecting the Colonel 's dreams ? It 's the only explanation . It 's not impossible . Brain waves are just electrical impulses , so theoretically , they could be manipulated , if you knew how . Maybe it 's Destiny 's way of warning us . What if it knows the aliens are coming ? No , there 's no way they could have followed us . No , I told you already , I don 't remember anything about the blackouts . Look , I need you to think , Chloe . This is very important . [ Sighs ] When James was under the influence of those aliens , she managed to send them some kind of a signal . Is it possible you could have done the same thing ? I don 't remember . [ Comm crackles ] : Eli , this is Scott . Prep the weapons . Bypass any batteries that aren 't a hundred percent , devote the remaining power to the rest . Shut down all non-essential systems and put everything you can into the shields . Understood . Going to patrol in teams of three . Lieutenant James here has your assignments . Now , if they do come , it is a pretty safe bet they are going to try and board this ship . Makes us the last line of defense . Any questions ? All right . Dismissed . Okay , let 's go . Camile , I need you to organize the civilians . I want everyone in designated areas till further notice . There 's something else we need to talk about . Can it wait ? No . I know what you 're going to say . [ Sighs ] Where is he ? I can handle this . [ Rush ] : Well , that 's the point . You can , evidently he can 't . You have to assume command , officially . I can 't do that . Well , what if this is a test ? These dreams the Colonel 's been having- - a test of his emotional stability . A test he 's failing . Where is this coming from ? Think about it- - what is the Colonel doing right now ? He 's locked himself away , he 's shut down . And at the exact same time , the ship came to a dead stop , and now we 're floating aimlessly in empty space . Destiny is beginning to understand us- - who we are , what makes us tick . What , you 're telling me the ship wants me to replace him ? No , no , it 's not as if it has desires or emotions . It has no personality . But it is capable of analyzing all manner of sensory input . It knows we 're here . It 's beginning to understand what effect we might be having . Why not one of you ? Well , we 've been down that road before . None too successful . [ Exhales ] I thought this was about aliens . I thought this was a warning to prepare us for an attack . Either way , a warning , a test , we need a strong leader right now . I don 't like it any more than you do , but I don 't think you have a choice . Colonel ? [ Pounding on door ] Colonel , I 'm not going away till you open this door ! I brought you some tea . It 's really strong stuff , closest thing to coffee we had . Oh , thanks , Lieutenant . I 'll pass on the tea . Sir , we have a situation here . You need to clean yourself up and get back out there . What are you doing ? Are you giving me an order , Lieutenant ? Sir , these dreams you 're having , the battle scenario- - it 's the ship . It 's affecting your brain waves . It 's a simulation . It 's a simulation ? What does that even mean ? Eli found the program . It is the exact same thing you described to Camile . It can 't be a coincidence . I guess the ship has some sense of humor . Yeah . She thinks your reaction , the fact that you 've- - well , you 've given up , it 's the reason why we have dropped out , why we are stuck out here in the middle of nowhere . Now , if you pull yourself together , you start acting like a real commander , maybe we can get going again . Or maybe that 's just Destiny 's way of telling me that I need to be replaced . That 's what Rush said . [ Chuckling ] That 's what Rush said ... But I 'm not going to do that . Are you in love with Chloe ? It 's a simple question . Do you love her ? Yes . Yes . So how are you going to feel when I have to drop her off this ship , put her on some rock , and you know it 's coming , she knows it 's coming . We all know it 's coming , but I got to do it . You still going to look up to me then , you still going to think , hey ! Tell everyone what a great commander I am ? Are you , Lieutenant ? Don 't ... don 't do this . I 'm sorry that you didn 't have a father growing up , but I didn 't volunteer for that either . There you go . Now we 're talking . Hit me . Hit me ! No one asked for this , but you are the commanding officer . You don 't get to feel sorry for yourself . And if you don 't like it , too bad . I killed Riley . That wasn 't your fault . I know it wasn 't my fault . No , he knew it . That 's- - he didn 't want to die alone . That 's why he asked me . But I killed him . I suffocated him with my own hands . On top of everything else , it 's just ... You know , it adds- - it adds up . I need you to leave . Look , you 're right . I couldn 't do it , live with the burden , every day . That is not me ... Or T.J. , or Camile . Rush could do it . For Rush , it wouldn 't be a burden , and that is why we need you , because you feel it , but not so much you can 't get up and do it all over again the next day . Really ? You sure ? You sure about that , Lieutenant ? A real leader , a good commander , is not so callous that he stops caring , just enough so he can keep on going . And we both know you are a good commander . It is never going to stop hurting . That 's the whole point . For the sake of everyone on this ship , you are going to have to live with it . [ Doors open , close ] [ ♪ ] ... But we 've got five down by the mess . So if we take ... Mr. Brody , what 's our status ? Uh , well , uh , still no sign of the aliens . The ship 's main weapon is online , and we 've diverted as much power as we can to the shields . Sir , we have all available military personnel patrolling the gaps between the active weapons batteries , but it 's a lot of real estate . We could go to two-man teams , cover a little more ground , but we 'd be stretching ourselves pretty thin . Well , let 's do it . If there is a breach , I would rather be on it fast with a little less firepower than the other way around . Also , let 's break out whatever spare ordnance we have from the Lucian Alliance and arm as many civilians as possible . Well , they don 't have a lot of training . I 'll command them myself . We 'll stick to defensive positions between here and the gate room . They 'll be fine . Yes , sir . Anything else ? [ Whirring as ship jumps to FTL ] We just jumped . We 're back in FTL . It 's good to have you back , sir . Hey , I 'm happy as the next guy that we 're back on track . I 'm just saying that I 'm not so comfortable knowing that Destiny can get in our heads like that . I don 't want to start second guessing my own dreams . Well , what have you been dreaming about ? That 's not the point . At least now we know once and for all that we got the right man in command . You were there . Tell ' em . Young showed up , started giving orders , and the ship just went . If someone has a better explanation , I 'd like to hear it . Congratulations . Don 't feel much like talking right now . You managed to bypass the simulation and get the ship going . Well , what choice did I have ? Lieutenant Scott wasn 't going to step up . I couldn 't leave us just sitting there . But you haven 't solved the problem , and yet you 're pressing ahead . Isn 't that a little dangerous ? Destiny was evaluating Colonel Young 's ability to command the crew , but ultimately , I control the ship . And the aliens ? They were never a threat . If Chloe had managed to send a signal telling them our position , it would have logged on that screen right there . Maybe ... But just because one threat is behind you doesn 't mean there isn 't another ahead . [ ♪ ]
