 Newscaster : We now go live to our eye-in-the-sky hovercopter on the scene of that terrible hovercopter crash . Jim ? The news is not good . I 've just learned that my final words were " back to you , Linda . " ( Laughs ) One for the blooper reel . Oh , the news is so violent . Let 's watch Rachael Ray instead . Oh , no , wait , there might be chopping . God , what a wuss . Stop being such a spineless jellyfish . You know full well I am more closely related to the sea cucumber . Not where it counts . ( Whimpers ) I hated Jim ! In other news , our city 's filthy , urine-soaked walls have been desecrated by a mysterious tile-work graffiti artist . Police have no leads as to who 's behind this innovative scourge of public art . ( Chuckling ) That is one sexy bridge abutment . Hyperchicken : Free corn ? Well , that 'll suit me just fine . ( Engine revs , tires screech ) ( Hyperchicken screams , car crashes ) The key is knowing precisely where to strike . Oops . Well , well . Time to beat him his rights . Aah , oh , okay ! ( Grunting ) You know , that don 't look half bad on your buttocks . It does sort of class up the place . ( Crickets chirping ) ( Clock chimes ) Booming voice : The time is 4 : 00 A.M. ! We 've been arguing all night , Kif . Can 't we go to bed ? Is that all you ever think about ? I 'm not just some piece of tofu , Amy . I need to know where we stand in our relationship . We 're just going through a rough patch . It is not a patch . It 's been ages , according to your wildly inappropriate hunk-of-the-month calendar . Leave Todd out of this . Thanks , babe . Also , today is Canadian Independence Day . ( Plays wolf-whistle ) ( Groans ) ( Repeated burping sound ) Oop , that 's Bender 's ringtone . I recognize the smell . Hello . Yo , Amy , I 'm in the slammer . - Oh , no . - That 's enough lip out of you , moneybags . Just get five grand and bail me out . I don 't have that kind of money laying around . Yeah , you do . You know that floor safe where you keep ten grand ? There 's five grand in there . Don 't make me wait . Hey , Bender , you ever kill a man with a sock ? It ain 't so hard . ( Screeching ) ( Gasping ) I 'd better carve a shiv for protection . Rodriguez . These two brothers bailed your ass out . Oh , thank God . Tell me , have things changed on the outside ? Is food finally in pill form ? What about pills ? Are they in food form ? Hey , hot stuff , I 'm Larry the murder burglar . Hi , Larry , I like your tattoos . Amy , that man is a criminal . I 'm just checking out his tats . Amy : Sneato . I have one of my mom . - Want to see ? - Sure . ( Exasperated fumfering ) I just don 't get why you have to flirt with every bad boy in sight . Quit exaggerating . Nobody move or sweet cheeks here gets it . ( Giggles ) Ooh , you 're bad . ( Kif groans ) Mama said Spock you out . That 's it , Amy . Pardon my language , but I have had it with you ruffling my petticoats . You and I are through . ( Gasps ) Aw , here 's a little song I wrote to cheer you up . It 's called " Let 's go already . " Chewbacca 's feet Iron man 's underpants Elvis ' pelvis Calculon 's Agent Here 's to Amy : single , lonely , and fabulous . ( Glasses clink , thunder rumbles ) Thanks , everybody . Looks like I 'm back in the game . Yeah , the game of old maid . ( Laughs ) Excuse me , sir , are those yours ? You 're damn right , and before you ask , this is mine , too . Where am I ? Is this TBS ? Tough break , Amy . Are you and Kif getting divorced ? No , technically we were fon-fon-rus , so we weren 't really married . Wow , the interesting thing about that is ... ( Snoring ) So , Amy , how can I phrase this delicately ? Why did Kif dump you like a sack of yesterday 's turds ? He says I have a thing for bad boys . It 's so stupid . The truth is often stupid . ( Coughs ) Bender , why do you have to be so mean to me ? Shut up , baby , you love it . Don 't tell me to shut up . You know what happened to the last guy who told me to shut up ? What ? ( Sighs ) That was great . Shut up . ( Moans ) Oh , yeah , come over here . Remember , love between a human and a robot is taboo . We can 't tell anyone , not even our coworkers . Got it . I 'll show the utmost discretion as we get nasty in this glass tube . ( Both moaning ) Ooh , yeah . ( Shuddering ) I think I 'm coming down with circus-itis . ( Sneezes , clown horn honks ) I thought circus-itis only affected children . Children of all ages . Bender , old friend , what 's on your face ? Uh ... blood . Uh , you know ... Shaving of the face beard . Amy , are those gear imprints on your sweatpants ? Uh , maybe . So what ? Well , I only brought it up 'cause Bender 's wearing them . ( Clears throat ) Uh , I stole ' em from her . Yeah , that 's it , call the cops . Oh , my swollen feet . I 'd better take my pills . Amy , I reckon sweet talk don 't come natural to me , but of everyone I 've ever dated , you are probably in the top ten . Aw , you always say just the wrong thing in just the right way . ( Moans ) Preacherbot : Sinners ! Robosexuality is an abomination ! - Oy , this guy . - The good book sayeth ... a robot shall not lie down with a human , nor do it standing up , nor at any angle in between . ( Onlookers murmuring ) Hey , he 's right . - I don 't like this . - ... In the good book . Look , a single mother ! Let 's get her ! ( All yelling angrily ) Professor : Quickly , into the ship 's basement ! Now then , as you all know , the county fair is approaching once again , so I 'm preparing my entry of pickled winds and weathers . I 've got sunny , snow flurries , hail with onions , even my grandmother 's cranberry-raisin typhoon , but no tornado . I 'll be damned if I let Mrs. Girdleson take the blue ribbon again . That 's why I need you folks to get out there and harvest a nice ripe one . This cattle prod should help . How will that ... ? Aah ! Get out there ! Is everybody in position ? ! What ? ! Is someone talking ? ! Okay , good ! On three ! One ! What did she say ? ! - Two ! - Wait , I 'm not in position ! - Three ! - I 'm ready for the countdown ! I 'm not hearing anyone ! Abort mission ! She said go ! ( All screaming ) Good work , everyone . Honestly , that went better than I expected . I just need to reduce it down into this pickle jar , toss in a bay leaf to impress those stupid judges ... Hey , where 's Amy and Bender ? They 're missing out on some hot pickle action . ( Slurps ) ( Bender and Amy moaning ) Sounds like a muskrat 's caught in there . That 's Amy 's sweatshirt . And that 's Bender 's hat from the playah 's ball ! Sweet tornado of Barbado . Amy and Bender have been torn to shreds . ( All gasp ) ( Accordion plays note ) Oh , the humanity . Also Bender . Wha ... ? ( Both moaning passionately ) ( Giggling ) - Wha ... - Guh-oh . What 's going on here ? ! Uh ... nothing . A pair of deviant robosexuals ? ! Not under my roof . What about on the roof ? - Get your mind out of the gutter . - What about in the gutter ? Professor , there 's nothing wrong with robosexuality . Yeah , when the lights go out , it 's nobody 's business what goes on between two consenting adults . Or one . Thanks , guys . Everything will be okay as long as my parents don 't find out . Zai jian . ( Whistling ) ( Doorbell rings ) Mom ? ! Dad ? ! Come home , Amy . It your decision . We can 't make you . ( Shrieks ) Attagirl . ( Whistling ) Uh-oh , not the innocent whistling . ( Doorbell rings ) Repent ! Oy , this guy . ( Grunts ) Wong ranch no brokebacking Inez : Look , we 're your family , and if you can 't talk about your problem with us , that would be great . I don 't have a problem ! I 'm in a happy relationship that just happens to be robosex ... You finish that word , you kill your parents ! ( Squeaking ) Low wine level detected . Thank you . Stop seducing him , you hussy ! Dad , gleesh ! I 'm attracted to Bender , not this emotionless wine bucket ! ♪ ♪ Hopes ... deleted . Preacherbot : Robotic brothers , the path to robot hell is paved with human flesh ! Neat ! Over the course of this escape-proof workshop your software will be reprogrammed through prayer . And by some tech-support guys in India . But I read in Esquire magazine that some robots are hard-wired to be robosexual . Don 't believe those lies , son ! The only lies worth believing are the ones in the Bible . Can I get a amen ? I 'll take-a three men . Holla ! Come on , Amy . Pick a male human already . I want to be a grandmother ... - ... nine months from five minutes from now . - Cut it out , mom ! I 'm not interested in any of these gross , ugly losers ! What about this gross , ugly , smelly loser ? Fry ! What you doing here ? I 'm here to rescue Amy ... Uh , from her robosexual desire . If I understand you correctly , I 've seen the error of my ways ? Look at all that awkward winking ? It must be love ! ( Deep whooshing ) My parents may be evil , but at least they 're stupid . In this phase , you will literally wrestle with your demons . Your shapely , buxom , human demons . Look at the rack on that one ! I mean ... That one on the rack ! ( Blows whistle ) ( Grunting ) ( Grunting , moaning ) Preacherbot : Good ! That 's very good . Okay , everybody switch demons . No point in staying with just one demon . ( Clattering , thumping ) ( Grunting , giggling ) Now , work it hard ! Harder ! Till the sin explodes outcha ! Mmm ... mercy . Okay , the Lord 's work is done . Now , now , cuddle , cuddle with your demons . ( Moaning ) Oh , Amy , I wonder where you are right now . Amy ( Whispers ) : I 'm inside the dummy to rescue you ! Well , that answers that . Wait , wha ... ? Amy ? ! ( Bender moaning passionately ) Fry : Ow , ow , ow , ow ! Leela : Aah ! Leela : Bender , be careful ! Fry ? Leela ? You 're in there , too ? ! Blech ! Professor : I guess we should have waited in the ship . Professor : Aw , phooey ! Listen up , everybody , I love Amy , and I 'm tired of pussyfootcupping around . I finally found someone I want to spend the rest of her life with . Amy ... ( Mechanical whirring ) ( Gasps ) Will you marry me ? Yes ! Yes ! ( Others cheering ) Oh , I 'm just glad I didn 't live to see this day . Hey , wait a second . ( Faint heartbeat ) Noooo ... ! So , it 's a stone . Is it real ? ( Scraping ) Hooray ! Hooray denied ! Need I remind you that robosexual marriage is illegal ? Not in Space Massachusetts . You mean Space-Tax-Achusetts ? No chance , stretch pants ! We 're gonna fight to legalize it right here ! ( Jamaican accent ) : Yah , mon ! You got to legalize it ! We 're talking about robosexual marriage . We 're talking about lots of stuff . ( Percussive dance music playing ) Cool . Can you turn into a race car ? Nah , I 'm just a pre-op transformer . Thank you for coming , everyone . We 're all having some good , clean fun here . Squeaky , squishy clean . ( Giggles ) But it 's time to discuss a pressing issue ... the right to marry who or what we want ! ( Cheering , shouting ) Jamaican man : Legalize it ! Every other couple has the right to marry . Robot and fembot , man and woman , man and man . Our poodle has two daddies ! Interracial , interplanetary , even ghost and horse , but not robot and human ! ( All booing ) ( Ghostly moaning ) : Ooh ... That 's why we 're introducing this ballot initiative to legalize robosexual marriage ! ( All cheering ) If you hate intolerance and being punched in the face by me , please support Proposition Infinity ! ♪ ♪ ( pop , air hissing ) ( Arms whipping through air ) ( Chuckles ) ( Gasps ) ♪ ♪ As election day nears , Prop Infinity appears doomed to certain defeat . ( Yelling ) : Doomed ... ! More fair and balanced coverage after a word from our sponsor , No on Infinity , ( deep whooshing , rumbling ) A storm is gathering . A storm of robosexual marriage that will rain down on us like fire . It 's probably a firestorm . If robosexual marriage becomes legal , imagine the horrible things that will happen to our children , then imagine we said those things , since we couldn 't think of any . As a mother , those things worry me . Man : Vote no on Infinity . Paid for by the Farnsworth Foundation . We can 't compete against that much stock footage of clouds ! We 're boned ! Ah , but we still have one hope ... my big televised debate ! I 'm our A in the hole ! Professor , who 's debating for your side ? Oh , that guy , um ... You know , I ... I forget his name . That 's him ! Good evening . I 'm George Takei 's head and neck , your host for tonight 's debate . You may applaud . ( Cheering ) We flipped a coin before the debate , and Bender stole it , so we 'll start with it . Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , I ... Oops . Sorry , heh ... force of habit . ♪ ♪ I support this proposition because I love a goopy , flesh-and-blood woman , and , not surprisingly , she loves me . This is a simple matter of justice , which I 'm not normally for . So please , vote yes . After all , our love isn 't any different from yours ... except it 's hotter , 'cause I 'm involved . ( Applause ) I haven 't heard such an eloquent speech since Bill Shatner explained why he couldn 't pay me back . Rebuttal , Professor ? This four-dollar coffeepot talks about love , but what he describes is perversion ! You wouldn 't know perversion if it put clamps on your testicles ! You 're just jealous , ' cause you 've never known true love . Oh , no ? Back when I was full of piss and vinegar , and my bed wasn 't , I feel in love with the sweetest girl ever to skip through a field of posie . Her name was Eunice , and we spent out blissful days working in a lab , developing a poison to wipe out that dreadful posie infestation . I thought our love would last forever . But then , 43 years later , she left me ... ( Voice breaks ) : for a robot ! ( Sobbing ) How could she do that to me , her Farnypoo ! That 's it ? You hate robosexuals 'cause your girlfriend left you for a robot ? ! She didn 't just leave me for a robot , she was a robot ! ( Crowd gasps ) ( Both gasp ) ( High-pitched sobbing ) Oh , God , her name wasn 't Eunice , it was Unit ! Unit 47 ! ( Clunking ) My heart was broken , and like a bitter old picklepuss , I took it out on robosexuals everywhere . I 'm so ashamed ! At the risk of losing this debate , I beg you , support Proposition Infinity ! ( Cheering ) Give me a hug ! I , too , am hugging them in spirit . And now they 're hugging me back . Oh , my . ♪ ♪ TV newswoman : In a stunning turnabout , voters have approved Proposition Infinity . Robosexual marriage is now legal . What 's next , gay robosexual marriage ? ( Cheering ) We did it , honey ! Finally , we can have a legal , monogamous marriage , like everyone else ! Whoo-hoo ! Yeah ... Monogamous ? ( Birds chirping ) ( Slurping ) Radio deejay : And now , a long-distance dedication from a squishy green bad boy to his pink pork dumpling ... at number 12 , ( Motorcycle revving ) It 's Wailing Fungus with ... " Shut up and love me . " ( Rock playing )
