 Previously on Fringe ... Walternate said that there 's a very powerful piece of ancient tech . Has he finished assembling it ? He was missing several pieces . This machine is dangerous . Which is why we need to understand it . Our Agent Dunham , has she made contact ? She 's on the other side , focused on the task at hand . I had a really nice time tonight . Me too . I don 't know what your mission is . I imagine it requires you to gain Peter bishop 's trust . You 're in over your head . Your emotions betray you , And you question your ability to pull this off . And that will lead to your undoing . I would like to talk to you . I lied to you . About what ? I don 't want to talk . Stockton harbor , Stockton harbor , come in . Requesting clearance . Tide is coming in strong . Pulling a fog bank in from the East . It 's close to shore , so watch yourself And take it slow . Copy that . We see it up ahead . Looks like pea soup . Maintain a bearing at three-five-eight . I 've hung a lantern out for you . Shen , are you seriously not coming ? Dude , when I crack this thing , They are gonna write books about me . Hey , Beck . You want a tea ? Love one . Hey , Aaron . You gonna make mommy a tea ? It 's starting . Okay , I 'll leave you alone . Captain Barrett to fort point light station . Come in . Over . Fort point , we 're lost in the fog bank . We can 't see the light . Over . Fort point , are you there ? This is Swedish fish . Come in . Murray , it 's Dave . I 've got no eyes out here . Hey , I forgot my I.D. Dude . Shen ? Becky . Stay away from me . Whoa . I said stay back ! Who are you ? It 's me , laird . Who am I ? This is better than room service . What did I do to get so lucky ? Nothing . It 's just for being you . Thank you . You 're welcome . So what 's the latest catastrophe I want to know nothing about ? Well , uh , earthquakes , oil spills , Financial disaster . It 's not really the best way to start the day . Here I thought there was nothing good Until the entertainment section . What 's in the entertainment section ? I don 't know , but you should find out . I love u2 . I figured we were way overdue for a normal date . That is just so sweet and so kind of romantic . Try not to sound so shocked . Thank you . Walter ? Walter , is that you ? Of course it 's me . I came in this morning and found your little project . And what project would that be ? You know very well what project . You are continuing to work on this infernal device ... The one depicted in the blueprints . That 's correct . I 'm running diagnostics . I thought I made my ... You have no idea what it does . You might as well be building a nuclear bomb in my lab . I don 't think that 's entirely fair . Do you ? Well , fine . If you end up breaking the universe , This time , it 's on your head . What was that about ? It 's nothing . Apparently , Walter doesn 't want me Playing with his toys . Dunham . Yes , sir . We 'll meet you there . Broyles . Guess that means we 're doing the crossword in the car . So 15 people all up and down the eastern seaboard All suffered from retrograde amnesia at the same time ? Around 10 : 45 P.M. Collective memory loss . That 's a new one for the medical books . According to the Pentagon , the victims were all using Shortwave radios . Ham-radio enthusiasts ... Maybe their brains were erased by the magnetic winds From the solar storm ? If it hadn 't happened four hours after sundown , You might be on to something . Becky Woomer . Her husband said he left her alone For roughly three minutes . In that time , she forgot all details About her life , including her name . The d.O.D. Is concerned This could be a test run for a potential terror attack . The doctors at the hospital don 't understand it . They can 't even tell me if she 's gonna get her memory back . Did your wife ever tell you what it was she was listening to ? Becky was a moderator in a chat room . They listen to number stations . Number stations ? I don 't know much about them . They 're kind of a mystery . A reel-to-reel . I used to have one exactly like this . I remember hours spent ripped out of my gourd Listening to Beatles albums backwards for secret messages . They weren 't there . So apparently Becky recorded last night 's broadcast . Whatever she heard should be on that tape . Listening to what they recorded last night could cause us To forget why we wanted to listen In the first place , Einstein . Did he say what he thinks is on it ? He said that she spends her nights listening To numbers on random ham-radio stations . She 's trying to crack some code . Number stations ? You heard of them ? Number stations ... Nobody knows what they are or even where they come from . As far as anyone knows , They 're artificially generated voices Reading streams of random numbers In a wide variety of languages . The department of defense hired us to investigate them . Other than the fact that they were first discovered More than 70 years ago , we came up with nothing . We could never triangulate their point of origin . This one we picked up four years ago . Some people think they may be covert communications Between spies or drug traffickers . Problem is no one has been able to find proof To support any theory at all , so at the moment , They remain unexplained . But the number broadcasts Have never caused amnesia before . Not to the best of our knowledge . Perhaps Peter would like to play last night 's tape Aloud to everyone , Given his recent fondness For dangerous activity . As soon as she 's up to it , I would like to examine the woman who lost her mind . And I think I know a way To analyze the tape without losing our memories . Oh , I need something from the child development center . Sixth floor ? Actually , the seventh . You might want to escort him , Peter . Yesterday , he spent 15 minutes in front Of a utility closet thinking it was the elevator . Right . Be right back . Would you mind if Astrid took a look at your research ? She might pick up something that your code bre Of course . Olivia , are Peter and Walter okay ? Yeah . You know we found a piece of the machine That walternate is building , And Peter 's trying to figure it out . He should . We need to know what we 're dealing with . Except Walter doesn 't agree . He won 't help . He 's setting up roadblocks for Peter . You know , you two go back a long way . Maybe you could talk to him . What , you 're not having any luck ? Oh , I haven 't tried . But that 's not like you . You 're usually more direct with Walter . Well , it 's complicated between them . I don 't want to make it worse . I 'll speak with Walter . Dunham . Yes ? Where ? Homeland security traced the broadcast . When they tried to contact the tower employees , They didn 't get a response . As far as we can tell , The break-in happened around 10 : 30 . Security system was state-of-the-art . Whoever did this was a pro , but there 's something else . How the hell is it doing that ? It 's not floating exactly . Apparently it 's got some sort of magnetics inside . So do you think that this was the source Of last night 's number broadcast ? It 's definitely wired to output a transmission . Hold on . I want to see that panel . I need the print powder . It 's impossible to do microelectronics With gloves on . Let 's get this to Dr. Bishop . This should keep me busy for ... Eternity . Thank you . Okay , that was Olivia . They 're analyzing the fingerprints they found Up at the radio tower , and they think they found The device used to upload last night 's broadcast . What ? What 's that ? " property of massive dynamic " ? It 's not theft if you own the company . I 've found a way to listen To the tape of the numbers broadcast Without losing what faculties I have left . Well , how 'd you manage that ? The key is analog demodulation . I knew my Jimi Hendrix Wah-wah pedal would come in handy . Take a look . This is the sound of the transmission , Modified so it 's safe , of course . But if we demodulate ... so there are two signals ? Precisely . The top wave is the numbers . The bottom wave , which I have suppressed , Is a pulse . And I believe that this is responsible for the amnesia . Someone found a way to attach This pulse to the numbers broadcast . Well , that explains why nobody 's Been affected by listening to the number stations before , Because they 're not causing the problem . So we still don 't know where the numbers are coming from , But I suspect that the device that Agent Dunham found Is the source of the pulse . Okay , but who would do this , And why give these people amnesia ? Because they cracked the code , Or they came damn close to figuring out What number stations are . And somebody wants to keep that a secret . Well done . You sounded very Sherlock Holmes just then . That would make you Watson , dear . Walter ... Is this the soundboard I was using To run diagnostics on the weapon ? I was using it to down-convert the signal . Really ? I was focused on solving the case at hand . I 'm not concerned with preserving Your wretched experiment . Now , if you don 't mind , I have some thinking to do . This has got to stop . Walter ... I asked you not to work on that device in my lab . They 're working on it on the other side . We need to understand exactly what it does . What 's to understand ? You 're playing with fire . Stop being so bullheaded and put a stop to this . Walter ... When I touched that device on the other side ... It came alive in my hands ... Like it was bonded directly to me . How can you expect me to ignore that ? I just talked to Olivia . They pulled a picture of our suspect from his prints . She 's taking it to the Woomer house now To show it to the husband . Becky was released from the hospital . She 's back home now . Oh . His name is Joseph feller . Earlier today , we picked up his prints From a radio tower Just outside Boston . His last known address Was , Milwaukee , Wisconsin . That was 1997 . But since then , he 's been off the map . I 've never seen him before in my life . Do you mind if we poke around a little bit ? There 's some things here that could be useful to us . Maybe check out her computer , her address book ? Of course . Read this and then do what it says . " stand up , then sit down . " Wonderful . Thank you . Earlier , I told you the names of three things . Cat , horse , cotton candy . Very good . It 's beautiful . I don 't remember doing this . I suppose I was knitting it for the baby . I don 't recognize him . I don 't recognize that man who is out there . I look at the pictures everywhere , And I see myself in them , But I-I don 't know them . The human brain is a miracle ... A most resilient organ ... A storage unit for everything you have ever known ... Seen , or felt . It 's all still in there , Whether or not you 're conscious of that . This is a list of everybody that Becky talked to About the number stations . You recognize anyone ? Ed Markam ? Bookstore owner , purveyor of rare manuscripts , Your favorite ladies ' man ? Oh , right . How could I forget ? I 'm gonna give him a call , See if maybe he has some idea about this . Walter , are you all right ? I know what it 's like , What this woman 's going through . I lived it . To not recognize your life ... It 's awful . I 'm sorry , Walter . Don 't be . Let 's just focus on putting a stop to this Before more people get hurt . Baltimore center , this is landau 287 . Request to divert to Richmond . Over . Roger , landau 287 . Weather is ... Level five thunderstorm ... You 'll have ... Baltimore center , say again . You 're breaking up . A small plane Went down just outside of Owings mills , Maryland . NTSB just released a statement . It looks like the plane 's radio Was tuned into the same frequency As the second numbers broadcast . Precisely what I was worried about . A second attack , and now not only do we have 20 new amnesiacs , but 6 people died . Damn it ! Why can 't I get a current ? Maybe you reversed the poles ? No . It just doesn 't make sense . Everything that I know about the physics of electricity Says that this device shouldn 't work at all . Walter , I know that you 're angry right now , and I get it . I cannot make heads or tails of this code . It 's immense . It 's not even just one code . The ... the numbers are a code . The time between the numbers is a code . Yes , sir ? Okay , I will make sure that he gets it . That was Agent broyles . There was another radio tower break-in . It was unmanned , so nobody was hurt , But they found another cube ... The one that must have downed the aircraft . They 're sending it over right now . Wonderful . Another cube I can 't make any sense of . Well ... Maybe this will do us some good ? All right , let 's get back to work . Number stations ? It was a hobby . I banged my head on that wall for five years and gave up . Stamp collecting ... Now there 's a hobby with dividends . Well , all the people who listened To the last two number broadcasts Have had their memories wiped . We 're trying to identify who 's behind it . Are you serious ? Whatever they knew and whatever they figured out About the numbers , Somebody made sure that they forgot it . So whatever you know about what they mean would really help us . Okay ... I 'll help you , But you have to promise me I 'll be safe . Sure . Done . Just tell us what you know about the stations . First of all , they 're as old as Di . They say when Marconi invented the radio , The first thing he heard was the numbers , Like they were floating around in space Just waiting for someone to listen . So you 're trying to tell me that Marconi Picked up a transmission before humans invented The technology to send one ? Creepy , right ? Wow , the first people . By Seamus wiles , 1897 . There was only one edition . You 're holding one of the last copies . And this will tell us what the numbers mean ? No , but it 'll tell you where they came from , Or one theory at least . By " first people , " what are we talking about ... Adam and eve ? No , before dinosaurs , Before all of it , there were the first people ... The first humans to evolve on this planet . If you don 't know anything , you can just say that . I 'm serious . Look , just read the book . It 's all in there . How much do you want for it ? I don 't want your money . I want protection . What if someone comes to erase my memories ? I should be so lucky . Thanks , Markam . Fantastic . Now I have bookends . Definitely a conversation piece . Nina ... If I had known you were coming , I 'd have baked a cake . He means that ... Literally . Next time I 'll call . Hello , Astrid . Walter , I need to speak with you . I forgot how serious this campus has become . I remember my time here quite differently . We did have fun , didn 't we ? Don 't know what happened to this generation . I have a prescription . So do I. Look at all these students . When did they become so afraid ? We had the courage to think against the grain Of what we were told . We let our curiosity be our guide . So why stop Peter from following his ? What Peter 's doing is different . He 's bent on pursuing something despite the grave risks It poses to his well-being . You can 't create a vaccine without working with the virus . No , but I have experienced what this kind of hubris can do . Well , and yet you didn 't heed anyone 's warnings . I begged you to stop , but you insisted On finding a way to cross over . Peter wouldn 't be here now if you hadn 't . If he continues to investigate ... Yes , well , he will continue to investigate Whether you like it or not . Then he will play right into Walternate 's hands . I ... what do you mean ? If only one world can survive , Then it stands to reason that walternate will use Peter To ensure that it 's his world that does . He 's already built as much of the machine as he can . He gave the blueprints to Peter And asked him to complete it ... Even though ... This ... It could kill him . I remember , Walter , But who says this is the only outcome ? It 's a drawing , not destiny . Even if you 're right about Walternate 's plan , I mean , you don 't know if he 'll succeed . And given the stakes , Won 't Peter need your guidance more than ever ? Walter ... One of the things I have most admired about you Is your optimism . Don 't become a fatalist now . So according to this ... Something happened , Some sort of cataclysm that so completely decimated The first people , they were just wiped out Of the historical record . So how did Seamus wiles know about them ? Yeah , exactly . They were apparently very technologically advanced . They discovered the vacuum . Oh , the vacuum cleaner ? No . The vacuum as in " the source of all creation and destruction . " Interesting . This book is useless . There 's nothing here . What were the numbers on the first broadcast ? Why ? Well , if you were to believe the book , The first people measured time in months That had wildly different numbers of days in them . But humor me . What were the numbers ? 12 ... 34 , 17 ... 9 , 15 , and , uh ... 8 , 42 , 40 . Yeah . The numbers of the first broadcast Correspond exactly with the numbers in this book . They match the numbers of this calendar exactly . Never thought I 'd say this , but I think Markam 's right . Somehow the number stations are connected To these first people . What the hell does that mean ? It 's fascinating . Remarkable . Read more . You don 't actually believe this ? An ancient people who evolved before the dinosaurs Just vanished without a trace ? It 's ... it 's absurd . Why should we be so arrogant as to assume That we 're the first homo sapiens to walk the earth . I mean , history is full of extinction events ... Climate change , meteorites , Atlantis . Atlantis ? Peter , come on . Help me out here . I don 't know what I believe yet . All I know is that the numbers in their calendar Correspond with the numbers of the first broadcast . That can 't just be a coincidence . " they were a people of great technological prowess " who made the ultimate discovery . " a mechanism known to them as the vacuum , " containing at once Both the power to create and to destroy . " " the vacuum . " What a wonderful name , and it verifies some of my theories . What theories , Walter ? Create and destroy what ? Well , everything . Many religions speak of such a power . And science , the big bang , And it 's counterpart , the big crunch . The universe expanding and contracting And expanding ... An endless cycle of creation and destruction . Okay , let 's run with that . Let 's say that these first people Did create this mechanism And then somehow translated into a code . And now someone is wiping people 's memories To keep the code a secret ? Not so surprising . It 's the key to the universe . It 's a secret worth protecting . Hey . Sorry I 'm late , But I thought these might cheer you up . Oh ! Malassadas ! Oh , it 's wonderful . Anything new in the book ? I 'm sure the numbers hold the answers , But beyond that , nothing tangible . Wait a minute . Hey , Walter ? Come here . Take a look at this . This transistor Is newer than the rest of them . Somebody must have replaced it . It 's polish , and it 's military grade . There 's only couple places that are licensed To sell parts like that , and they 're all regulated , Which means that you have to give A verified address to buy one . I 'm gonna make some phone calls . May I borrow that ? I feel a bowel movement coming on . Walter . Can you tell Peter I 'll be back ? I 'm gonna let broyles know where we 're at . Avocado , cucumber , and cheese . In 1974 , the c.I.A. Asked me to develop The best sandwich for clarity of thought . There 's too much information here . But of course the chips Are just because I like foods that crunch . There has to be a pattern here . Every code relies on a pattern . I just need to see it . But you can 't . That 's your problem . Thanks for the vote of confidence . Oh , oh , no , no , no , no , no . No , I-I simply meant that to break the code You would have to think like they did , And they lived millions and millions of years ago . I-I mean , for one thing , look at their concept of time . Nine days in a month ? If you 're not going to eat those chips , May I ? What ? What ? What happened ? Here . Read me this calendar . How many days are in each month ? Why ? Humor me . The first two are 12 and 34 . Then 17 , 9 , 15 . What are you thinking , Watson ? That maybe what we 're missing is a cipher matrix ... Our decoder ring . Okay , what are the next months ? 8 , 42 , 40 , 27 ... We got a problem . The secretary said we weren 't supposed to meet . Well , the secretary is on the other side . He can 't foresee every turn of events . Now , you replaced a transistor in one of the boxes . Polish ... they found it . They 're tracking the sale as we speak . Who are these people ? Look , you were sloppy . You 've jeopardized the mission . I 'm supposed to upload another pulse tomorrow . I think you 've done enough . We 've got their attention . There 's no need to hurt any more innocent people . What do they say on this side ? " all 's fair in love and war " ? If they were in our shoes , they would do exactly What we 're doing . Dunham . We 've got an address on the suspect . Joseph feller . 989 Nelson street , Medford . We 're en route with backup . Okay , I 'm on my way . They 're coming . Where should I go ? Do you have any information on my next mission ? Yeah , I do . Olivia 's already here . It 's a shape-shifter . Olivia ... Thank God you 're all right . Tell me what happened . He ... he came at me . I had no choice . But you 're all right ? Yeah , I 'm all right . But , uh , he was coming out as I got here , and ... But you 're all right ? Uh-huh . Any breakthroughs ? I don 't know . I thought that maybe if I added up All the numbers . Well , keep at it . And I wouldn 't go in the bathroom , dear . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! Hold on ! I need to look at that body . You got a pair of gloves on you ? What is it ? Well , it makes sense now why Walter couldn 't figure out The tech that emitted the amnesia pulse . It must have come from the other side . Which suggests walternate knows what the numbers mean . He must be the one protecting the code . What ? Data storage unit . I 'm guessing we 're not gonna get anything off of that . It 's toast . Dunham . I think I cracked the code . I know what number stations are . It 's a coordinate system . These numbers indicate locations . Latitude and longitude . 35 degrees and 40 minutes south By 58 degrees and 40 minutes West , That 's just outside Buenos Aires , Argentina . All of these numbers indicate specific locations On a globe ... Ethiopia , Spain , China . So what 's there at the end of the points ? So far as I can tell , nothing special ... A farmhouse , public swimming pool , And random stuff like that . We 're not looking for a man-made structure . If this message is millions of years old , Then we 're likely talking about something Buried beneath the earth . How many locations ? I haven 't finished plugging in all the numbers , But so far , 22 . And what 's the closest one ? What 'd I miss ? Oh , uh , thank you . Nothing yet . They just pulled up an old buried football , so ... I had to go back . Forgot to say " skim . " you walked there twice ? You didn 't have to do that . Well , I had a motive . It 's the little things that make me irresistible . What if he 's right ? Walter ? Right about what ? I 've been thinking , Peter . Your father 's concerned about building Walternate 's device . What if it does mean the destruction Of one universe or ... or the other ? We don 't know that yet . That 's not really my point . If you knew that only ... One of our worlds could survive And if it was up to you , and you alone , To defend your side ... You 'd have no choice , right ? I mean , you would have to do what you had to do ... No matter the cost to protect ... Our world . There are billions of innocent people over there ... Just like here ... People with jobs , families , lives . I got to believe there 's another way . And whatever my part in all of this is ... I got to believe there 's another way . There 's always hope , right ? We got something ! Oh , my . Dunham . I just identified the last coordinates ... Milton , Massachusetts , the house where the first piece Of Walternate 's machine was buried . Do you think it 's possible That these locations are all a part of the machine , That Walternate 's device is the vacuum Described in the first people book ? Uh , yes . I think they 're one and the same . Astrid finished the code . There are 37 more locations . In that case ... It seems we have work to do . We have to recover the pieces , Assemble it , and figure out how it works . Okay , let 's clear this out ! Creation and destruction ... I suppose we 'll have to hope for the former . Dunham . Agent Dunham , this is Brandon Fayette . Oh , Brandon , hey . Uh , I 'm on my way . I should be about an hour . Actually , that 's why I 'm calling . The secretary has decided to postpone today 's procedure . So when do you want me to come in ? It may not be necessary . We 'll let you know . Okay . Bye . You have to get out of here . You know why they canceled the last test , don 't you ? Whatever they needed from you , they have it now . It 's not safe for you here anymore , Olivia . You have to go home .
