 Previously on Caprica ... { pos ( 192,210 ) } I 'm stuck in V World , and neither Tamara nor I can leave . I remember you from the darkroom , Tamara . - I know how scared you were . - We are nothing alike ! New Cap City is disgusting . I have a purpose , and I think you 're supposed to help me . Imagine a world in which death has been conquered . Praise the one true God . Only they will savor life everlasting in a virtual heaven that we have built . { pos ( 192,210 ) } My plan for apotheosis has been put into motion , { pos ( 192,210 ) } but I have to overcome some obstacles . My GDD contact tells me you have a spy in your house . I have a CI . I knew it . Read it , shred it . Don 't speak of it , don 't log it in to any sheet . I can 't have this one burned . She trusts me . You hear they fished a floater from the Titaressos ? I had nothing to do with this . { pos ( 192,210 ) } I 've been asked by the GDD { pos ( 192,210 ) } to spy on Clarice . I can 't let them catch me eavesdropping again . If you could get me a camera or a bug , I could plant it in Clarice 's room . I 'll get you the tech . { pos ( 192,210 ) } We 've taken over Graystone industries , { pos ( 192,210 ) } but I don 't agree with the Guatrau 's decisions . You think my decision to sell your robots off-world is stupid . Tell me the Guatrau changed his mind . Tell me ... they 're going home to our people . STO . Oh , nice . Those robots could turn this entire rebellion around , and give our people the firepower that they need . Your obsession with the old world is a distraction . It ends here . He 's a very ambitious man , - but you 're right not to trust him . - We 're killing him ? Do it quietly , Samuel . Big advisor to the Guatrau . How 's it feel ? Terrible . Crippled with guilt , of course . I 'm not happy . I 'm not happy about arming the STO or about this Graystone move . Graystone ? Well , he 's not our enemy . He 's been doing everything we 've asked him to do , and still we 're gonna take him out ? He doesn 't deserve to have his throat cut . Sure he does . We all do . Look , first of all , he knew exactly what he was getting into . And second , you can 't stop it . Today 's about us { * you and me } getting promoted ... A promotion , by the way , I helped set up for you . Yeah . Don 't do me any favors . Ah , good . Everyone 's here . - Guatrau . - Such men . I found these two at a refugee orphanage . Or perhaps I should say , they found me . This one tried to pick my pocket , and I knew right then he had the stones to become one of us . And this one , always with the eyes , always calculating something . And now they make me proud , as if I were their father . I 'm so pleased . Today , one of them joins us , and the other one becomes a leader of men . { pos ( 192,230 ) } { * SUFORCED } As a ... Captain . You will lead us as you have been led . { pos ( 192,230 ) } { * SUFORCED } You , my ... Son . I 'm so happy this day is finally here . You 've earned your mark . - Ha 'la 'tha . - Ha 'la 'tha . This is the skew-ay me-lanos your grandfather passed down to me . Now , he used it to give me my mark of manhood ... The mark of faithfulness to the soil . Yoseef , today , you will get your mark of manhood . You have done well to earn it , learning the ancient prayers and passages of the sacred scrolls . Yoseef , I seem to have forgotten my robes . Can you find them for me ? Samuel , allow your brother his day . He needs this . You two are different . Your brother , he feels things on the inside , but you ... a blind man could see how you feel . The very first day I held you in my arms , I knew you were a man . Then I should get a mark too . Allow your brother his day . Your day will come . Go see what 's taking your brother so long . I was out in the fields . Trucks full of Heracleides troops are coming in . Must be reprisal . I was against blowing up their grain silos for this very reason . They oppress us . They should pay . We have to be more careful . People are desperate and hungry , and our neighbors would turn us in for a sack of bread . It 's time . They need to know . Do you know how your grandparents returned to the soil ? With pride . Fighting for what they believed in , like other Adamas before them . They decided on their own terms how they would return to the soil . Your father and I are no different . And when an Adama starts a fight , we finish it one way or another . But not everyone lives by our rules . Like the Heracs ? Yes , Joseph . That 's the reason for this ... The kha-pi . It will return you to the soil . We have knowledge of the Ha 'la 'tha resistance . If we 're ever caught by the Heracs , they will try to make us reveal those secrets . And they 'll use you against us . This will keep our secrets safe . Do you understand ? You have always been my little Adama men . Time now to be men for Tauron . Ah , they 're back ! Avenging Angels , here to clean up New Cap City . Defend yourselves or take off your bands . I don 't think we need this in our world , do you ? Let 's just clean it . It 's about time . I was getting worried they weren 't gonna show . Let 's kill ' em . Right behind you . Thought you 'd never make it . You look nothing like Zoe Graystone . Whoever programmed you was a hack . What 's so funny ? They won 't be laughing long . Frak . They 're cheating . Don 't you know the rules ? No packing heat in slash cut . This is New Cap City . There are no rules . Frak , frak , frak , frak ! You should have ducked . What , and duck out like you did , you coward ? Come on . { pos ( 192,220 ) } You know damn well I 've been working on my avatar for the last five years . I can 't believe I can never go back into New Cap City . Looks like you have to find a new game to play . Frakking Avenging Angels . Are you both finished playing that ridiculous game ? { pos ( 192,230 ) } And I thought I asked you to pack up all of Mar-Beth 's personal things . Send it out with the trash . No , we 're keeping them for the baby , who 's still a part of this family . { pos ( 192,230 ) } { * And } Then we 're gonna think up a good story to tell him when he 's old enough . Yeah , well , what are we gonna tell terror mom ? { pos ( 192,230 ) } That Mar-Beth couldn 't handle being a mother , so she left . { pos ( 192,230 ) } I mean , some people just aren 't cut out to be a parent , are they ? { pos ( 192,220 ) } And can you just show a little bit more respect to Amanda ? { pos ( 192,220 ) } Yeah . Fine . Whatever . You 're the boss . { pos ( 192,220 ) } Yeah . Remember that . { pos ( 192,230 ) } You know , a little banding might work off some of that stress . { pos ( 192,210 ) } I mean , you really should meet the Avenging Angels . { pos ( 192,220 ) } Yeah . They 'd ... They 'd love you . { pos ( 192,220 ) } And you 'd love them . { pos ( 192,220 ) } I mean , one of them 's even playing dress-up with Zoe Graystone 's avatar . Get your priorities straight . What 's wrong with your boss ? He must know science doesn 't work on a timetable . Two weeks is an unreasonable deadline . Come on , Graystone . Thought we were here to box . The resurrection technology will work . It will change the worlds . You cannot allow him to let this opportunity get away . Now you 're just swinging blindly . Come on , Daniel . Learn your opponent 's tendencies . If he 's stronger than you , move so he can 't hit you , okay ? If he 's faster than you , tie him up . Come on ! Go for me ! Come on , Daniel , find your opponent 's weakness , and then attack him there . Or he will kill you . Think about it . Come on , Daniel , fight . { pos ( 192,190 ) } Samuel Adama , orphaned refugee from Tauron . { pos ( 192,210 ) } Multiple arrests ranging from misdemeanor petty thefts to gambling , assault , battery , and extortion . Native Taurons are a proud , passionate race , a loyal and stoic culture in which family ties are secondary only to personal honor . { pos ( 192,220 ) } 30 years ago , the Tauron uprising began when poorly-armed { pos ( 192,220 ) } native rebel forces known as the Ha 'la 'tha { pos ( 192,210 ) } attacked the presidential barracks , initiating a two-year civil war . { pos ( 192,210 ) } In the aftermath , the victorious Heracleides forces attempted a genocide { pos ( 192,210 ) } by using " murder squads " { pos ( 192,210 ) } commonly referred to as Heracs . Facing extinction , the Ha 'la 'tha transformed , becoming an illegal underground organization throughout the 12 colonies . { pos ( 192,190 ) } Search the Guatrau 's shell company , Obolus Inc . { pos ( 192,190 ) } Obolus is a Leonis corporation with holdings across the 12 Colonies . { pos ( 192,220 ) } Caprican securities service has recently dropped two investigations of the company dealing with allegations of insider trading . Show me recent mergers and acquisitions . { pos ( 192,210 ) } Show me the status of those companies . Show me status of the CEOs . That is an old likeness of you , Daniel . Would you like me to update the image ? { pos ( 192,230 ) } Following the seizure of a massive shipment { pos ( 192,230 ) } of Saggitaron arms bound for rebel forces on Tauron , { pos ( 192,230 ) } foreign minister Kristoff used strong words today , saying that , { pos ( 192,230 ) } " the successful Tauron army operation proves { pos ( 192,230 ) } " that we will soon be returning these insurgents to their holes . " { pos ( 192,230 ) } Defense minister Patel confirmed today that no Caprican troops { pos ( 192,230 ) } will be sent to Tauron in peacekeeping efforts , stating that , { pos ( 192,230 ) } " ' We haven 't been asked for our help yet . ' " { pos ( 192,230 ) } While here at home , { pos ( 192,230 ) } entrepreneurs jump to capitalize on the Avenging Angels phenomenon . { pos ( 192,200 ) } { fad ( 500,600 ) } TAURON THIRTY YEARS AGO Sam , what 's going on ? Don 't go out there . Come back . You shouldn 't have taken that . You 're afraid of everything . Look who lost his limo . Out of your neighborhood , Cappa ? May I speak with you for a moment ? Man 's got attachments . Gotta appreciate that . Taurons have always intrigued me . Your loyalties to one another , to your colony . As opposed to you Cappa fraks , who don 't care about skor . No tradition , no ethos . I meant no offense . I 'm just looking to understand better the people I 'm in bed with Yeah , well , my appreciation for you is wearing off . You don 't like Capricans , do you ? That ink there . Isn 't that the mark of an assassin ? It 's going to be you , isn 't it ? - Me what ? - Are you going to use the knives ? Or are you gonna take me for a drive somewhere ? You 're losing me here , Graystone . When is it going to happen ? Right after I hand in the resurrection program or will you wait a few days ? Nothing could be further from the Guatrau 's mind . We 're not animals , you know . More than just a Ha 'la 'tha proverb ? Your pronunciation needs some work . So what ? So ... we 're gonna take steams together now , do lunch ? Yeah ? You coming at me this way , like you 're my friend ? Why do you follow this particular Guatrau ? Now , what 's that supposed to mean ? Well , you despise Capricans . He is a pure Caprican . He 's no more Tauron than I am . Now , see , that kind of talk , that does get you killed . He 's selling Cylons for profit to the STO when he knows the difference one unit would make for the resistance on Tauron . Just one . For his people , for his soil . You know what they 're capable of . Imagine a single soldier robot , fighting for your cause , the cause that your parents ... You don 't know frak about my parents . No , I don 't . But I 'd be surprised if they put profit above the good of their own people . Listen , I can help you , help Tauron . I have the codes , backdoor access to the mainframe , and a private transport . The Guatrau will never know . You 're not exactly ... an out-of-the-goodness - of-your-heart kind of guy . I 've done my research . I know how this ends for me . Even if what you 're implying is true , which I 'm not saying it is , what makes you think I could do something about it ? You just got your horns inked . That 's a big promotion . Quid pro quo . I give you Cylons , and you find a way to keep me alive . I haven 't seen you use this since law school . I thought maybe ... Didn 't smoke much until a few months ago . I didn 't really need to . What ? I never noticed that before . Let me see . - It 's nothing . It 's ... - What ? Is it the Guatrau ? He 's not sending any cubits to Tauron ? It 's not the time . I 'm just saying , you have the Guatrau 's ear now . - He will listen to you . - Yeah ? About what ? - Huh ? - Tauron ? Yes ! The only loyalties he has is to cubits . That 's why he 's able to just ... What 's bothering you ? Come on . He 's selling Cylons to the Gods damned STO terrorists . The same terrorists who killed my little girl . My wife . My family . I 'm sorry . That just didn 't even occur to me . I was just thinking of Tauron . Stay calm . Who is it ? Open the door ! Or lose it ! Get the boys out . Go . Hide at the meeting place . We 'll join you . Why so long opening the door ? I didn 't have any pants on . I couldn 't answer the door in my bedclothes . We 've interrupted your breakfast , I see . Where 's the rest of your family ? Out to play . You know boys . They can 't sit still for a minute . We ... we don 't want any trouble . So you stay out of things , huh ? Maybe you can help us then . Did you hear anything last night ? No , we 're pretty sound sleepers . - Nothing ? - No . One of our brothers in arms was murdered just outside this building last night , and not a single dirteater heard a Gods damn thing . My hearing isn 't so good . The machinery in the fields ... You heard that okay . Lieutenant . - Here you go . - Thank you . Jordan . - May I speak to you ? - I 'm busy . It 's not a request ! You know , I am sick of the pleasantries . We { * both } know you 're dirty , Gara , and as soon as I get the proof , I 'm gonna bring you down . { * Well , } You should . I am a firm believer , if you have proof , you should use it . What 's with the IA rat tail ? He 's here as a witness . Oh , yeah ? Witness to what ? You lost a confidential informant . I gave you my CI . Well , no . If you recall , I asked for your CI 'S identity to prevent exactly what happened to that poor woman , but you denied me . - I handed you Mar-Beth willow 's file . - Okay , look , I admit I bear some { * of the } responsibility for this . Maybe I pushed you too hard for results . We were all scared by the Maglev bombing , but it 's an important lesson for all of us . We can 't cut corners . We can 't circumvent procedure . We can 't use the GDD for our own personal vengeance . It wasn 't vengeance , and I followed procedure to the " T " . If it was just me , I would take you at your word . But it 's in the hands of Internal Affairs now . They have this . I 've given you a lot of leeway on this case . And I have never divulged the identity of an active CI , not to anyone . I need the jackets for any and all informants you have in the field . And until I get that , you don 't get so much as a paper clip . Believe it or not , you work for me . I work for Caprica . Where 's the part I gave you Mar-Beth 's file ? You might not want to say anything until we 've had a chance to confer with counsel . Frak this . I hate to do this , but I 've got to take your badge and gun . You 're off-duty until the investigation of Mar-Beth Willow 's death is complete . All right . I will stay on top of this personally . Global Defense Department . Hello , can I speak to agent Jordan Duram , please ? Hold one moment . Miss , Agent Duram no longer works at the GDD . I can connect you to agent Youngblood . She 's taking over all of his cases . Where did you get the gun ? You know where . You planted it . Maybe your wife can tell me . Isabelle ! Isabelle . All you have to do is give me the names of your dirteater friends . No ? Okay , then . Isabelle . Stop it ! You stop it ! Isabelle ! Samuel , no ! Samuel , stop . My knees are ruined . I won 't be able to walk . Samuel , get me the kha-pi . Quick , go ! We don 't have much time ! Go ! Take your brother and go ! Go ! You stop this madness ! You stop this madness ! We have done nothing wrong ! We live a peaceful life ! We have done nothing wrong ! Things change . Excuse me , where 'd you get that t-shirt ? Well , they 're selling them everywhere . - I 'll buy it off you for 100 cubits . - You 're Daniel Graystone . Oh , my Gods , you 're Daniel Graystone . - All right . I 'm your biggest fan . - Thank you . You know , sometimes when I wear the band for more than four hours , I start to hear this whirring sound . { * You ever get that ? } It gives me a real migraine . - I 'll be sure to look into that . - Oh , cool . You know the holohaters say that banding causes brain damage . I band 24 / 7 . I 'm totally gravy . You know , that 's not really your daughter , right ? That 's an avatar . Oh , man . Oh , yeah , they 've been hitting this area of New Cap . These days , most of my clientèle are here to kill them or get killed by them . Either way , you 're famous , right ? There they are now . Come on . - Zoe ? Zoe , wait ! - Hey , wait your turn . Wait ! I want to talk to you ! There 's a line . I can 't believe he found us . How ? It 's this Avenging Angels thing . People are coming in to fight us . They must be talking about it in the real world . Like king of the mountain , it 's just a sport to them . We can just get out of this game . We can go and get lost in V-World . I mean , it 's massive . He 'll never find us . No . It 's safer in New Cap City . We 're Gods in here . Let 's act like it and forsake these motherfrakkers . We can build a place where nobody will be able to touch us . What ? What ? Well , it 's just ... It 's just all wrong . Well , we worked really hard on it . And I 'd expect Zeus to come wandering from behind the columns to congratulate you . It 's too traditional . These people have just given up their lives to the one true God . They 've just died and they 're opening their eyes to ... To life everlasting and it 's got to be ... Look , they 'll be able to create any kind of virtual terrain they desire . Yes , I know that everybody 's going to be able to create their own heaven , but first of all , they 're gonna see this , what we 've created , and it 's got to ... It 's got to glorify God . It 's got to be ... soaring arches and stained glass windows and statues built into the walls . Statues of who ? Um , well , of ... Of those of us that were there at the beginning . It 's ... it 's gonna be beautiful . What were you thinking ? The Cappa gave you the codes to get this out of here ? Just one code at a time . Don 't get to be the richest man in the colonies by giving it away . - That 's true . - He 's coming . - Frak . How close ? - Close . All right , stall him for me . I need a couple minutes , all right ? - Let 's go . Are you good ? - One sec . - Hey , pops . - Hey . What are you doing here ? - I was looking for you and your thios . - Oh , that 's cool . I thought I told you to stay in the upstairs offices . It 's boring up there . Hey , I was thinking we maybe could go fishing again . Like last time . - You hated it . - What ? No . It was great . What do you think ? How about tomorrow ? It 's time to go home . Are you ever gonna tell me what 's going on ? What ? Just having a drink with my brother ? Don 't frak with me . I know . I know , Samuel . Crossing the Guatrau . I 've got ink now . We 'll both be held accountable . Do you have any idea how crazy this is ? You 're putting everyone you care about at risk . It 's what our parents fought for . There 's blood in the soil over this { * , Yoseef } . I don 't need a history lesson . Maybe you do . 'Cause maybe you could stand around and watch this happen all over again , but I can 't . I know you wanted to protect them . I know . Sarah Frenal . Sarah Frenal . You said that name already . I want another name . Do it . Sam , you have to . You know I 'll find your children . Just give me the names of your dirteater friends and this will all end for you . Shoot now . Please . You did it , Joseph . You did it . Yoseef , we don 't have much time . It 's okay . Send me to the soil . Make me proud . Go ! Now ! Run ! I 'm ready , Yoseef . There is no other way . Oh , Sam . You can 't change the past , Sam . No , but I finally found a way to avenge it . If I don 't continue our parent 's fight , their return was for nothing . It wasn 't your fault . How could you have known what was gonna happen when you brought the gun back ? We were just boys . Yeah . You should have come to me , Sam . We 've got to be smart . What ? We bear this pain together . I forgot who I was . I forgot who I am . My ... my promises . You 're with me ? I 'm your brother . I 'm always with you . If we 're gonna go up against the Guatrau , we 're gonna have to do it together . Ha 'la 'tha means " always faithful to the soil . " There 's something we gotta be more faithful to . - Mother said there 's nothing ... - We choose our own path . We 'll be faithful to each other . As Adamas . I 'm sorry . Traffic was awful . What { * the hell } happened to your face ? Daniel , what ? Zoe 's alive . What ? She 's ... You 're talking about the avatar , yes ? Well , it 's not ... It 's not that simple . It 's our daughter . What do you mean ? - You said that ... - I know , I know . I thought she was gone . The program crashed . She was gone , and now ... I don 't understand it myself , but she 's in there . I 've seen her . You 've seen her ? She 's ... she 's in V-World . I want to see her . Well , let 's go find her .
