 [ Dr. Nicholas Rush ] : This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . [ Colonel Everett Young ] : That ship is the best chance we have of getting home . Are we done ? We 'll never be done . [ Punching , grunting ] [ Camile Wray ] : You shouldn 't have left him on the planet . [ Young ] : You think I don 't know that ? [ Chloe Armstrong ] : Everyone thinks we 're safe . They think that they 'll never find us again . Why did you take one of our people prisoner ? [ Snarls and vocalizes ] [ Chloe ] : We 're not safe , are we ? - They 're coming ! - Who 's coming ? Lucian Alliance . They 're coming to take Destiny . [ Rush ] : There 's only one way this is going to end if we wait . [ Young ] : I 'm not surrendering this ship . [ Wray ] : They actually built this planet ? [ Eli wallace ] : That would make them the number one all-time advanced civilization . [ Lt. Scott ] : Some of the people have decided that they would like to stay behind on the planet . [ Dr. Caine ] : Whoever created this planet will provide for us . They are our best chance of getting back home . [ Young ] : I am leaving the damaged shuttle behind . You can use it for shelter and power . All military personnel will return with me . My skin 's changing . It 's coarse , and it 's growing . Our baby is still alive . Just because you want something to be true , it doesn 't mean it is , T.J. [ Static crackles ] Hmm , not much to look at , is it ? Well ... Well , it depends what you see . I see a sign of intelligence that cannot possibly have been there by any current description of the universe , and yet , there it is . I see the greatest mystery of all time . Really ? Look , if you can 't fix that thing , I don 't know what we 're doin ' here . [ Brody ] : Keep your pants on . Okay , I got it this time . What ? Nothing . Cheers . Brody , looks like we just came out of FTL . What 's going on ? Uh , this is Volker . Brody had to fix the still , so we switched shifts . I know you hate that . I don 't care . Speak . Okay , well , we 've got a couple of gate addresses popping up- - Holy cow , do you see that ? Yeah , I do . It looks like our shuttle . Yes , it does . Rush , this is Young . Meet me on the bridge . Now . What 's it doing ? Nothing . It 's just matching our velocity off the right side . Where did that thing come from ? I don 't know . One minute it wasn 't there , the next minute it was . What 's happened ? It just came out of nowhere . Is that the shuttle ? Yeah , seems like it . [ Sniffs suspiciously ] No , I wasn 't drinking , I was ... fixing it . Hello ? Can anyone hear me ? Hello ? That sounds like Caine . Caine 's more monotone than that . He 's also in another galaxy . Hello ? This is Robert Caine . Um , we can see the Destiny . What should we do ? How ? This is Colonel Young . As far as we know , Dr. Caine and a number of other people are on a planet thousands of light years away . And as far as we remember , Colonel , that was where we still were when we went to sleep last night . Look , the shuttle we left you wasn 't capable of leaving the atmosphere , let alone fly between galaxies . We understand that , Dr. Rush , but here we are . [ Young ] : The others are with you ? Yes , all of us . Which brings me back to " how ? " Honestly ? I have no idea . ♪ Stargate Universe 2x09 ♪ Visitation Original Air Date on November 23 , 2010 Lieutenant Scott , report to the bridge . Yes , sir . [ Eli ] : How could they have known when or where we were going to come out of FTL ? Or for that matter , drop them right beside us ? This is impossible . There they are . If it 's them . [ Young ] : That 's a fair question . Do you think that we could electronically compare the voice we are getting from the shuttle to an old Kino recording of Caine ? Okay , trust me , these aliens built a planet from scratch and can just throw a shuttle between galaxies . I 'm pretty sure they could impersonate Caine if they wanted to . Boone used to do a pretty good Caine . I thought it was the other way around . So , what , we take them for their word ? They are who they say they are , and ignore the possibility that this could be a ruse to get by our defenses ? Like a trojan horse ? Well , the truth is , with aliens that can do this ... Defenses are meaningless . Wouldn 't mind having a working shuttle again . There is that . I suggest we invite them on board and take every precaution . [ Beeps comm on ] Sorry for the delay , Dr. Caine . I 've asked Lieutenant Scott to come and help talk you through the docking procedure . I don 't even drive a car . [ Brody ] : Just what a trojan would say . The guys in the horse were Greek . Well , why is it " trojan " horse , then ? Because they 're from Troy- - Aare you guys done ? Don 't worry , Dr. Caine , we 'll take it nice and slow . This is Greer . Ready and standing by . I am on my way . Is it them ? I just ran into Eli . Well , Eli 's got a big mouth . You don 't need to be here . Try and stop me . Listen to me T.J. , I know what you must be thinking . You should have told me- - What you experienced was a simulation , we know that . No , you know that . Look , I 'm just saying , if they can send our people back to us , don 't you think it 's possible they could save our daughter ? Nobody mentioned a child . I don 't want you to set yourself up . I need to know . [ Scott ] : All right , Dr. Caine , what we want now is one short burst from the forward maneuvering thrusters just to set her down , and we are home . Just a kiss , now . [ Readouts beep ] All right , good . Good job . You got it . I can lock you down from here . Stand by for egress . [ Mechanism whines ] Docking clamps in place , sir . Thank you , Lieutenant . [ Door panel chimes ] [ Door cranks open ] Hi . Colonel Young . This must be just as much a surprise to you . You have no idea . You will exit the shuttle one person at a time . Sergeant Greer and members of his team will escort you to a holding area . Move quickly , talk to no one , touch nothing . I don 't understand . You know us . We 're not a threat . And I 'm glad to hear that . Sergeant . After you . Sir . One at a time , please . Peter ! Val ! [ Sniffling softly ] You all right ? I 'm fine . I 'm losing Chloe . I mean , she 's losing herself , and ... We can 't stop it . [ Door cranks open ] Hi . Hey . Did you hear the news ? Dr. Caine , and the bunch that stayed back on that planet , they came back . How ? Hell if I know . They don 't even know . I guess we 'll find out . We 've got a shuttle again , though , so you gotta like that . Um ... Can I get you anything ? No . Okay . [ Chuckles ] You 're trying so hard , but every time I look at your face , you can 't hide it . What ? That you 're not looking at me anymore , at least not as the person I used to be . You see the other . Chloe- - No , it 's just your ... Inability to lie , Matthew . It 's one of the best things about you , but I know what you see . I see it , too . This is new this morning . We 're gonna fix this . I don 't even know if I want you to . Yeah , you do . I 'm hardly blacking out anymore . The new part of me is just there , in the foreground . I 'm not afraid of it anymore . You have to fight it . I think we 're past that . [ Young ] : So that 's the last thing you remember , going to sleep in the shuttle ? And that it was cold ... It was winter . We were using it as a shelter . I-I remember closing my eyes , and then we were delivered here by a greater power . The aliens who created the planet , you mean . Or by Providence . Are you suggesting that God did this ? Is that you , Camile ? Yes . I-it 's nice to hear your voice . Well , of course there 's no way of knowing his will , but I do know that I prayed every night before I went to sleep that he would keep us safe . So , magic then . You have to admit that our arrival here is nothing less than miraculous , Eli . [ Mutes microphone ] " Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic , " Arthur C. Clarke . " Turn the mic back on . " Winston Churchill . Really ? [ Unmutes microphone ] - -Are you going to keep us here ? We haven 't done anything . Try to be patient . You 'll be released once you 've all undergone a physical examination , one at a time . But we 're perfectly fine . Well , forgive me if I don 't take your word for that . The more answers we have , the less precautions we 'll have to take . [ Mutes microphone ] Let 's keep an eye on them . [ Testing buttons and switches ] What do you think ? Well , it appears to have been completely restored . Brand spankin ' new , more like it . Every part , every system , every square inch of this thing is in perfect factory condition . Even has that new shuttle smell . Again , how ? Well , I don 't know , but it could be invaluable to the mission . So , nothing to be concerned about ? Ticking time bombs ? Alien transmissions ? No , sir . At least not yet , anyway . Let 's keep looking . They 're all in perfect health . No trace of disease or malnutrition . Just like the day we left them . What are the odds of that ? Eight adults who 've been through what they 've been through ? You know , not one of them remembers a damn thing about the planet , or how they got here . Well , Caine believes that 's God 's way of telling them they 've been reborn . Was that before or after he gave them amnesia ? The others think that maybe the aliens discovered them and returned them to us as an act of benevolence . Well , that 's nice . You 're not buying it ? No , these aliens are too damn powerful . I mean , building planets , rebuilding shuttles ? They could ... They could squash us like ants if they wanted to . That scares you ? Yes , but what scares me even more is the feeling I got when I looked him in the eye . I thought it was just me . I should be welcoming them with open arms , but I ... I can 't be in a room with any of them for more than a minute before I want to get the hell away . Why ? I don 't know , but I want to find out . [ Eli ] : Go ahead . Okay , um ... I don 't know how much longer I 'm going to be me . It 's kind of hard to explain- - you don 't have to . Everybody understands . So I should just do this ? Yeah . Who should I start with ? Somebody easy . I 'm right here . Start with me . Okay . Um ... Eli , you 've been the most ... Wait , what do you mean start with someone easy ? You 're the hardest to say goodbye to out of everyone ! Okay , okay , pick somebody else . Chloe ? Chloe ! [ Door cranks open ] You can all return to your original quarters . You be given a list of duties to help carry your weight as members of this crew . Is this as close as we 're going to get to " welcome aboard ? " Yeah , it is . Right now I don 't have any reason to treat you like prisoners . Thank you . Don 't give me a reason . [ Warmly ] : Hey ... Young finally let us out . [ Stiffly ] : Yeah , that 's good . I-I 've got a shift in hydroponics . W-what 's wrong ? Don 't touch me . What was that all about ? I see you haven 't spent time with the new arrivals . No . Eight science types , no survival skills ... I 've seen a lot of people go in my time , and I know I 'm going to see more before I 'm done here . I have never seen anyone come back . Until now . Okay , you 're being too deep again . Hi . Hey ... Good morning . We were just remarking at how different the food tastes here than on Eden . That 's what we called the planet . Ah . I hope you stayed away from the apples . Right . We 're actually growing more and more of our own food . If you like , I could , uh , show you . Yeah . Incredible . It 's a start . Soon it 'll be a garden . I , uh , I wanted to talk to you about something . I ... I have a memory . Well , lucky you . [ Chuckles awkwardly ] A vivid memory that I visited you on the planet ... With my daughter . Your daughter ? When we first arrived at the planet , I was pregnant , remember ? I do remember . It was winter , and you were living in cabins . You told me that they were provided by the aliens who created the planet . I told you ? And that ... My daughter was safe , and you would take care of her . Um ... I don 't remember anything like that , Tamara . I 'm sorry . I wish I did . It was so real . How about the day before that ? Um , let 's say in the morning when you woke up . Was it raining , snowing ? I don 't know . [ Sighs ] Doesn 't it bother you that you don 't remember anything but the most generic things from your experience on that planet ? Just gathering food and fuel ? Maybe that 's all we did . Oh , come on , Peter . You have to remember more than that . You were there for months . [ Chuckles helplessly ] I could show you some of the others , but the conversation is more or less the same . So you think their memories have been tampered with ? I guess it could be a side effect of whatever mechanism transported them here , but I 'm starting to think that maybe the aliens didn 't want our people to remember something . The whole thing to me feels like a damn science experiment . [ Sighs heavily ] They 're still our people . They don 't creep you out ? Even a little ? Well , a lot of people creep me out a little , so I 'm not the best person to ask . Really ? A little . Me ? Not as much now . Oh , that 's good . Progress . Well , keep at it . They 've got to remember something . Oh , hey , brother . Off duty ? Yeah , long day . Long day . You , uh ... You gonna go see Chloe ? Yeah . Okay . What 's wrong with that ? I 'm not stoppin ' you . Go . All right , look , she 's alone in there all damn day . The only time she 's got company is when I come to see her . That must be hard for her . I 'm just sayin it wouldn 't hurt , you know , if people went to see her . She 's alone for a reason . I mean , whether you want to admit it or not , there 's a freak show going on in there . You are outta line , Greer . No , sir , I 'm not , because it is part of my job as a Master Sergeant to see to it that butter-bar Lieutenants like yourself don 't make mistakes . What did you just call me ? You heard me . Okay , Master Sergeant , you tell me what is so wrong with giving that girl comfort in what might be her last few days ? Because you don 't know when that day 's gonna be . You don 't know how much I care about her . I think I do , a-and you 're not the only one . I pray for her every single night , but that girl is turning into the enemy . And the day is gonna come . Hey . Mind if I ... So many of you are keeping your distance from us , I , uh , I appreciate it . Meh . They 're all boring . [ Laughs ] You 're not missing a thing . So , the planet you guys- - I heard you called it Eden . We did . I never got to go . Everybody said it was amazing . Do you miss it ? Honestly , my memory of it is just now coming back to me in pieces . Hey , at least it 's coming back . In flashes . Just moments , you know ? In fact , um , the strangest memory came back to me when I was sitting here . What ? [ Laughs awkwardly ] I 'd be embarrassed to say it . [ Giggling ] Well , now I have to know . Um , skinny dipping . There was a lake- - Yeah , no ... I 've heard about it already . People were doing that before you guys decided to stay . Oh , that 's right . What about when you were alone ? You must have checked out the obelisk , right ? Uh , I don 't , um ... It was there the whole time . Uh , I- - Whoa ... Your nose is bleeding . [ Gasping ] What 's happening ? [ Screaming ] We need help over here ! [ Screaming ] Somebody get help ! [ Screaming ] Dr. Rush . Found you . Hey . I see we 've come out of FTL . Anything interesting out there ? Oh , there 's always something interesting out there . I 've just been going over the shuttle 's navigational data , trying to figure out the path you took back to Destiny . And ? Well , it seems you were there ... And then you were here . Nothing in between . I wish I could help you with that , but I fell asleep there , and I woke up here . Yeah . Listen , I heard that , uh , you 've learned what Destiny 's original mission was . Yes , we have . In search of a message from the moment of creation . Oh , I don 't know about " message . " " Fingerprints " might be a better word . A sign that some intelligence may have had a hand in all of this . The hand of God ? I don 't know about that either , I 'm afraid . I 'm a scientist . I 'd go so far as to call it evidence of an intelligence having existed prior to its own potential to exist . Aw , you just can 't bring yourself to call it a miracle , can you ? No , actually . Well , I 'd like to hear more . Oh , why bother ? Call it God 's will and you needn 't give it another thought . He must have brought us here for a reason . He must have saved us for a reason . Yeah , saved from what ? Do you remember ? I mean , the burning bush spoke to Moses . Gabriel , was it , spoke to Abraham , yet you , you were returned here with no proof of your savior one way or the other . I 'll leave you to your work . Let me ask you- - the shuttle was restored to its original condition by the aliens who sent you here , better than it was before , even . Well , that sounds to me more like the work of God than aliens . Well , if this shuttle has been restored so perfectly , then why weren 't all of you ? I mean , Norris wasn 't born with astigmatism , was he ? Mr. Chan surely had a full head of hair at one time . All of you have enormous gaps in your memory ... What 's your point ? Well , either he 's lost his touch , or God 's got nothing to do with this . Rush , this is Young . Is Caine with you ? Yeah , go ahead . Tell him to come to the infirmary . Val is dead . It was a severe head trauma , as bad as if she was struck with a sledgehammer . There 's nothing anyone could 've done . What happened ? Nothing . She just grabbed her head , and her nose started to bleed . Are you sure ? She was just talking with Eli in the observation room . There were witnesses . [ Young ] : She was already dead when we got there . And still there 's evidence of skull fracture , hemorrhage , brain swelling . I don 't understand . [ Young ] : Neither do we . Something caused this . A blunt force injury doesn 't happen spontaneously . Something that happened on the planet ? I don 't know . I wish I did , I swear . [ Wray sighs heavily ] Look , this might be a long shot , but I 'd like to put you and the others from the shuttle under hypnosis . See if I can stimulate memories from your subconscious . The IOA teach you that ? Yeah , they did . Anything else I should know about ? That I was a little overqualified for HR ? I say we do it . I 'd like to tell the others about Val first . Uh , yeah , of course . In the meantime , I 'll take a shot at an autopsy . Maybe I missed something in the observation . I don 't think you missed anything . I don 't think so either , but I don 't really know what else I can do . Hey , listen , you 're doing good . Actually , I 'm not . [ Gentle knock on door ] Come in . How are you ? Still me . Mostly , anyway . Good to know . Once I 've ... Changed completely , the Colonel will see me as a threat , won 't he ? I think so . What will he do ? Remove the threat . One way or another . Will it be you ? Yes , ma 'am . I think so . I 'm sorry . Don 't be . I couldn 't let it be anyone else . Is that what you came to tell me ? I came to ask for your forgiveness , for when the time does come . Of course . If I could please hear you say it . I forgive you , Ronald . Thank you . That 's important . Take care of Matt . You don 't even have to ask me , to say it . I already tried once to keep him from comin ' to see you , but you know how stubborn he is . I could tell him to stay away . That might be a good idea . I mean , for him . Will I see you again ? It would be better for me if I said goodbye now . Okay . I 'm sorry ... But I can 't do that . Goodbye . Goodbye , Miss Armstrong . I love you , Matt . Know that . I wish that I could have shown you off to my friends and hear you say " dang " in front of my mom . I wish we could have grown old together and had a family , but I 'm grateful for what we had . Please take care of everyone . You 're far more important to holding this place together than you know . Take care of Eli , because he 's going to take care of you in his own way . And forgive Ronald . He did what he had to do , and if it was going to be anyone , I am glad it was him . Okay ? I love you . Just relax . Breathe deeply , slowly . You 're on the planet now . Eden . Yes . What do you feel ? There 's a nip in the air . I can see my breath . It 's morning . Yes , the sun is out . Tell me what you see . The lake outside camp . It 's beautiful . Val is here . What is Val saying ? She 's just smiling . We spent the night together under the stars . The others don 't know . It 's our secret . Where are the others now ? Working . We 're always working . [ Caine ] : It 's just too late in the season . It 's a waste of time . Well , we need to try . And we will , okay ? We 'll try again in the spring . For now we should just gather what we can . [ Peter ] : We 've picked most of this area clean . Well then , at least gather some firewood . All right ? I mean , there 's no way of knowing how long this winter will last . It 's just getting colder every night . He 's afraid . Who is ? Caine . Winter is coming . All right . It 's another day . The afternoon . Yes . Where are you now ? In the forest . Chopping trees for firewood . With Caine ? No ... [ Falling tree creaks ] Val ! No ... Peter ... Val ! Val ... Peter , what 's happening ? She died on the planet . Are you sure ? I remember now . It was before winter came . I was falling a tree . I didn 't see her coming . She couldn 't get out of the way . I saw her die ! Months ago ! How is that ... [ Gasping in distress ] Peter ! [ Gasping ] [ Grunting with seizure ] This is Wray ! I have a medical emergency ! Make a hole ! This time the symptoms are consistent with dehydration and hypothermia . You said the hypnosis was working . He was starting to remember . Yeah , the last thing he remembered was Val died on the planet . Well , based on the condition of his body , I would say Peter died on the planet too , from extreme exposure . But he said Val died months ago , before the winter . Months ago ? What if they 're dying again ? In order ? Lieutenant Scott , I need you to locate Dr. Caine and the other members of the shuttle and escort them to the infirmary now . [ Knocking ] Rachel , open the door , please . [ Shivering ] : Please ... help me . We 're going to help you . Whoa , whoa , whoa , maybe you shouldn 't touch her . I don 't want to die . We 're gonna get you to the infirmary . She was like this when we found her . Put her over here . [ Shivering ] Strip down and get your ass into decon . This could be anything . I told him . Go ! Please ... Help me . [ Gasping ] Hey ... I want to know what the hell 's going on . I swear I don 't know . Well , you 're going to sit down with Wray until you figure it out , or I swear to God- - we are members of your crew . No , you 're former members . You left by choice , and if what 's happening to you people spreads to the rest of us , you 're going to be dropped off on the next planet ! Sir , it 's not his fault . None of this would be happening if Caine had not talked those people into staying on that planet . I wanted to stay too . And that 's what would have happened to you . Camile , this is young . Dr. Caine is your next volunteer . Colonel- - Go . Now . [ Knocking on door ] Chloe ? [ Louder ] : Chloe . I thought you should know what 's goin ' on with those folks from the shuttle- - Go away , Matt . What ? I said leave . Now . I 'll come back later , then . All right ? All right , everyone , we know we 're fighting hypothermia here , so let 's keep their core temperatures up . What do you see ? Snow is falling . The shuttle is our only shelter now . It 's so cold . We lost power days ago . Something vital is broken , and none of us know how to fix it . It 's airtight , so we have to leave the door ajar or we 'll suffocate . We still have some food , and Peter has made some candles to keep us warm . They provide enough light to read and share our evening meal . Peter is still with you ? In his heart , he 's already left us . I try to tell him ... It 'll be all right , Peter . No , it won 't be all right . Nothing will be all right . But by morning , he 's gone . Okay , um ... It 's the last night . The night before you woke up inside the shuttle and Destiny was there . Yes . I remember . Tell me what you see . It 's very dark . There 's no pain . Just ... Just the cold . Who else is there with you ? [ Moans reluctantly ] What ? They 're all dead . Frozen . [ Breathing hard ] [ Shudders ] I 'm alone . What are you doing ? There 's nowhere for me to go . [ Sighs ] Nothing to do now but pray . The next thing I remember is waking up on the shuttle and seeing Destiny out the window . Is that all ? I wish I had more answers for you . Me too . But you won 't have to drop me off at the next planet , Colonel . I expect I 'll be dead before you come back out of FTL . You don 't know that . Yes , I do . Because now I remember something that no one ever should . I 'm already dead . Eli ... Did you leave this in the shuttle ? No . Why ? Well , somebody did . They all died in their sleep . With symptoms of severe exposure ? Yeah , but I 'm guessing whatever the aliens did to bring you back , it was only temporary . You 're all just reverting back to the state they probably found you in . I 'm sorry . I-I did everything I could think of . It 's not your fault . How much time do I have left ? Not much . May I be allowed to see the stars one last time ? Yeah , of course . Go ahead . I would like very much not to be alone . Wow ... I forgot how beautiful this view was . Maybe they were just giving you the chance to see it one more time , or to say goodbye to all of us . This isn 't me . At least , not the man I was . That 's what Dr. Rush was trying to tell me in his own way . I just didn 't believe him . This body 's nothing but a shadow , not reborn , but reanimated , and not by God , but by beings who can rebuild a man 's body , but not his soul . Maybe that 's what you and Colonel Young were sensing . I don 't feel that way now . That 's kind of you to say . But even though I have his thoughts and some of his memories , I 'm not the Robert Caine that God made . After all of this , you still believe ? That is faith , T.J. I believe that my soul has already moved on , and is looking down even now marveling at how kind you are to comfort a shadow . You have to believe with all of your heart that your daughter is in a better place . The greatest gift that you can give her , and to all of us , is to live your life , to fulfill Destiny 's mission and have faith in each other . [ Caine ] : If anyone 's listening ... Help us . Help us . Please ... I don 't want to die . Help ...
