 ¶ Two ... two , three ... ¶ Announcer : It 's the Futurama holiday spectacular , brought to you by ... Gunderson 's unshelled nuts ! Ah , the Xmas season . Who wants a delicious unshelled nut ? Ooh , I 'll have one ! ( Loud crack ) Mmm ! Mmm ! It 's nut so good ! ( Groans quietly ) What 's wrong , fry ? Are you regretting another wasted year ? I don 't know . Something about Xmas just doesn 't feel like Christmas . ( Alarm blaring ) Santa 's coming ! Initiate defenses ! God rest ye merry gentlemen ... In peace . Can someone please explain how you celebrate this crazy holiday ? Preferably in song ? ( Others gasp ) ¶ It 's the violent-est season of the year ¶ ¶ and Krinklebot has come dispensing mugs ¶ ¶ of Xmas fear ¶ ¶ sugarplummy visions ¶ ¶ will be dancing in your head ¶ ¶ when I cane you from the comfort ¶ ¶ of my sled ¶ Ow ! ¶ On Xmas Eve , we don our gay apparel ¶ ¶ kevlar vests ¶ ¶ asbestos stockings and a barrel ¶ ¶ and if grandma 's Xmas fruitcake ¶ ¶ finally reaches critical mass ¶ ¶ it can be re-gifted ¶ ¶ straight to Santa 's ass ¶ ¶ but the ornamental armaments ¶ ¶ are merely superficial ¶ ¶ the tinsel and the trappings are just icing on the missile ¶ ¶ the one thing that you need ¶ ¶ to make your Xmas day splendiferous ¶ ¶ is a pine tree ¶ ¶ a pine tree that 's coniferous ¶ ¶ we have to have a pine tree that 's coniferous ! ¶ You 're welcome ! You know , Santa may have killed scruffy , but he makes a good point . What we need is an old-fashioned pine tree ! Cram it , Virginia ! Pine trees have been extinct for over 800 years . Leela : Professor , maybe there 's some way to bring the pine trees back to life . Like we did with the barking snakes . ( Barking ) Pine trees aren 't barking snakes ! They won 't just turn up in a salad at olive garden . But there is one hope , and , as usual , it 's Norwegian . ( Whirring ) Passengers : Ooh ! Whoa ! Oh ! Whoa ... ! Behold ! The Svalbard global seed vault ! Since 2008 , the vault has preserved seeds of every known plant species , in case of extinction . And I brought a few seeds of my own . ( Snakes barking ) Halt ! Wh-what 's your business pokey-pokin ' about de seed vault , uh , guardian of mankind 's precious botanical heritage dere ? We just want to come in and rummage about a bit . Oh . So ... okay . Yo , Abba , what 's that next-door ? ( Wind rushing ) Guard : Oh , dat 's de germ warfare repository . Leela : It 's so close . Is there any chance of cross-contamination ? No . Now , your pine trees were all chopped down to make emergency toilet paper during the 50-year squirts . Lucky de seeds have been preserved here in de vault dere . What 's that splork on them ? It 's not germs , is it ? No . Now , that 's a tree worth chopping down . Indeed ! It 's a loverly tree ! 'Twill truly be my finest Xmas Ev ... Oh ! ( Tires screech ) Arooo ! That 's at my poll numbers need ... Happy voters enjoying some holiday cheer . As your vice president , I order you to steal that tree . ( Cheering ) Nixon : My fellow earthicans , welcome to the annual white house Xmas tree lighting , brought to you by ... Gunderson 's nuts ! ( Electricity crackles ) ( Cheering ) ( Cracking , creaking , rumbling ) ( People gasping ) Oh , no ! Could the seed have been contaminated by a virus from the germ vault ? Uh , yeah , I suppose . Wait ! This could be a good thing . That weaponized virus made the sickly little tree grow big and strong ! ( Rumbling continues , pine cones whizzing ) ( People gasping , yelling ) ( Yells , whimpers ) ( Rumbling stops ) ( Wood crackling ) Wait ... this could be a good thing . Reforestation has begun . ( Rumbling ) Aw , geez with this , hah ? ( Rumbling continues ) ( Gasping , panicked shouts ) ( Clattering , glass shattering ) Arguably , this could be a good thing . The planet has returned to its primeval state ! Earth is just the way it was before the white man came ! ( Device beeping ) Good news ! All these pine trees are fighting global warming by producing oxygen ! Happy now , Gore ? Yeah . But I 'd be happier if I had a set of lungs . ( Device beeping ) Hey , wait a second ! Oxygen levels are rising too rapidly ! Ten percent ... 20 percent ... 60 percent ! As long as it doesn 't hit 70 . 80 percent ! You know , I don 't recall having done anything for a while , but I still feel I deserve a smoke . Hey , cool . The air 's on fire . ( Deep whoosh ) ( Explosions ) Ho , ho , ho ! Everyone 's dead ! Stay tuned for another tale of holiday hilarity . Announcer : Now , back to the Gunderson 's nuts holiday spectacular , featuring Futurama . Okay , crew , Xmas break is over . It 's time to destroy these gifts we forgot to deliver . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! How come we get off for every dumb human holiday but not for robot holidays ? ! Oh , lord , not Robanukah . I 'm talking about Robanukah ! The holiest six and a half weeks in the robot calendar . Pfft ! That 's just a fake holiday you make up every year to get out of work . Yeah ! If it 's real , how come there 's no song that explains how to celebrate it ? Because there is ! Hit it ! Hit what ? I placed instruments under your seats . Play ' em or I 'll break ' em over your heads ! ( Lively intro plays ) ¶ Robanukah may sound as if it 's Jewish ¶ ¶ but its ancient-sounding customs ¶ ¶ are exceptionally new-ish ¶ ¶ so take a hearty swallow from your robo-kiddush cup ¶ ¶ which will give me time to quickly make them up ¶ ( belches ) ¶ Do you spin a dreidel ¶ ¶ made from Clay ? ¶ ¶ mine is called a " droidl , " and it 's rigged to make you pay ¶ ¶ do you eat these yummy ¶ tin-wrapped chocolate coins ? ¶ ¶ better ! We got fembots with illegal five-speed groins ! ¶ Shalom , Ruth and Esther ! Why with the music so loud ? Would it kill them to turn up the heat a little in here ? ¶ But by far the most important thing is oil ¶ ¶ to keep the lamplight burning or to help the latkes broil ? ¶ ¶ no , we pour the holy lubricant out from the sacred vessel ¶ ¶ into this blessed pit so they can wrestle ¶ ¶ the extra made-up touch that makes Robanukah so special ¶ ¶ is the oil in which the nasty fembots wrestle ! ¶ We shall now begin the traditional oil wrestling . Will the referee bring out the ceremonial cruse of petroleum oil ? ( Chittering ) Thank you , Abraham . Not in the hair , please . I just had it did . ( Oilcan splutters ) ( Hollow knocking ) Aw , no ! These broads are supposed to wrestle for six and half weeks , but there 's only enough petroleum oil for four and a half weeks ! ( Dramatic sting ) We 're still getting paid , right ? I told you , it 's an audition ! Bender , four and a half weeks of oil wrestling sounds like plenty . This isn 't a lousy reformed Robanukah ! We need more petroleum oil ! ( Ship whooshing ) ( Quiet , metallic creak ) I got me some whale oil , some squirrel oil ... Not kosher ! It has to be petroleum oil ! Do you not give a damn about the hallowed traditions of Robanukah ? ! I reckon I do not . Anyways , earth done run out of petroleum oil . ( All gasp ) I tried to warn you . One unit of free , limitless solar power , please ? ( Deep whirring ) ( Beeping ) That 'll be ... I don 't know , ten bucks ? Um , can you make change for a Nobel prize ? Aw , man , can 't we just make more petroleum oil ? I 'm afraid not , son . Petroleum only forms when organic matter is subjected to intense pressure for hundreds of millions of years . ( Spluttering ) I can 't wait that long ! I 've got A.D.D. ! This is so unfair ! I don 't wrestle dry , Bender . I went to Vassar . Professor , I want you to look these poor floozies in the eye and tell them they 're oil-wrestling days are over . ( Sighs ) Oh ... I suppose there could be a minute quantity of petroleum left , but it would be insanely deep within the earth , at pressures so dangerously high that ... ( horn honks twice ) Let 's go already ! ( Clanking , whirring ) ( Engine whooshing ) ( Rumbling ) Setting bachman turners to overdrive . We 're getting pretty deep . ( Gasps ) Look ... more coffins . ( Crunching ) ( Clattering ) Amy : Oh , no ! We tunneled into a tunnel . What 's that loud boring sound you 'll hear when I stop talking ? ( Professor gasps ) It 's an albino humping worm ! Why do they call it that ? Because it doesn 't have any pigment . What 's our depth , Captain ? 40 kilometers ... 50 ... There must be petroleum oil down here somewhere . Go deeper , deeper ! No , Bender . The ship can 't withstand this much pressure . Sometimes it falls apart just sitting in the hangar . Professor , I 've never asked for anything before . But seeing those fembots glistening with oil means more to me than life itself . Oh ... Call me an old fool , but I believe the lord is speaking through you . Brace yourselves , everyone ! 100 kilometers ! Two hundred ! I hate to complain about the heat , but the air conditioner 's on fire . My ice cream manwich ! What the hell are we doing ? We 're all gonna die so this junkyard golem can celebrate Robanukah ! You vile racist . Haven 't my people suffered enough ? Now keep drilling for that petroleum oil , you selfish cowards ! Although , then again , I guess any kind of oil would be just as ... ( Metal crunching , glass shattering ) Not my fault . ¶ I am so great ¶ ¶ Bender is great ¶ ¶ Bender , Bender , Bender , Ben ... ¶ Man , where did the time go ? Hey , you guys wanna ... Oh , right . ( Gasps ) They turned into petroleum oil . I thought they were selfish , yet in the end , it turns out it was I who thought they were selfish . ( Whirring ) Hey , ladies . I found some ... What the ... There was only enough petroleum for four and a half weeks of oil wrestling , but it lasted 500 million years ! It 's a miracle ! Bender : Happy Robanukah , everyone . Coming up next , more thoughtful interfaith hilarity . Announcer : And now the unrelated conclusion . ( Doorbell rings ) ( All greeting ) What 's up ? Labarbara , Hermes , happy Kwanzaa ! We brought a chocolate cake , but now I 'm worried that might be offensive in some way . Just sit down . ( Doorbell rings ) Happy Kwanzaa , brothermen and sistermen ! Well , look at the cat the cat dragged in ! Kwanzaa tradition encourages educational gifts . So I brought Dwight my book on mathketball . Dwight : Whoa ! Let me see that . I 'll sign it for you later . Man , it 's a cold one out there . Barbados slim ? Come in , Barbados . Look at yourself , all throbbing and shirtless for the holiday . I hope you 're ready to celebrate . All night long , woman . ( Clinking ) I 'm glad you all could be here with my family . Kwanzaa traditions are quite ancient , dating back over one thousand years . Whoa . If only someone could tell us more about these traditions . Oh , yeah ! Hey , kool-aid 's here . No , child , that 's not a made-up character , it 's Kwanzaabot ! And I 'm-a tell y 'all how we celebrate Kwanzaa . Zoidberg , lay down a beat . How ' bout I just lay down ? ( Playing upbeat intro ) ¶ There 's seven basic principles that go to make up Kwanzaa ¶ ¶ so sit your asses down ¶ ¶ and have some knowledge dropped upons ya ¶ ¶ kujichagulia ¶ ¶ and umoja ¶ ¶ and the rest ¶ All : Now we get it . ¶ Sit back down , there 's gonna be a test ¶ ¶ my favorite 's ujamaa ¶ Cooperative economics . ¶ Yo , boondocks , I 'm talkin ' here ¶ ¶ put away the comics ¶ ( trilling ) ¶ Ku 'umba is another one ¶ ¶ it stands for creativity ¶ ¶ like the ever-changing nature ¶ ¶ of my sexual proclivities ¶ ¶ I think there 's one called nia ¶ ¶ but I don 't speak Swahili ¶ ¶ something about a pine tree and an oil-wrestling dealie ? ¶ That 's from Xmas and Robanukah you plagiarizing lout . ¶ Yeah , I 'm kinda losing interest here ¶ ¶ I best be rollin ' out ¶ ¶ but before I go , the most important thing ¶ What 's that , black Santa ? ¶ You need seven Kwanzaa candles ¶ ¶ that you light up every night ¶ ¶ but they best be made of beeswax ¶ ¶ or y 'all might as well be white ¶ All : They must be made of beeswax , or we might as well be white . Well , we got no beeswax candles , but these scented regular wax candles will do just fine . Girl , those stank sticks are for single women who take baths ! If your Kwanzaa candles ain 't 100 % beeswax , you bring shame on your people . Well , now that won 't do . Husband , show a little ku 'umba and fetch some beeswax before Kwanzaa ends . Sweet candelabra of la habra , labarbara ! Isn 't this the last night of Kwanzaa ? Who the hell knows ? ( Crickets chirping ) Finally , a bee farm that 's open late on Kwanzaa ! Madam , I need beeswax . You sure you don 't need a little honey , handsome ? Maybe a taste of sweet nectar straight from the hive ? ( All gagging ) I just need some beeswax to make Kwanzaa candles . Well , that 's too darn bad . There ain 't no beeswax in the whole world ! Oh , no ! This could be the year without a Kwanzaa , like every year before 1966 . The bees are acting all crazy , like they 've been drinking tang and cough syrup , or , as I call it , my Friday night . ( Laughing hoarsely ) ( Coughing ) My God . It 's colony collapse syndrome ! The bees are swarming with parasites ! They 're all dying . Yeah , but what a way to go . Die young , leave a pretty corpse , that 's what I say . You should say something else . Wait ... I know where we can get beeswax . From those giant space bees who nearly killed us , and we swore we 'd never go back there ! Let 's go back there ! ( Engine whooshing ) To communicate with the bees , we 'll need to use these transbumbleators . Bender , say something in bee talk . ( Buzzing ) I 'm sorry , Bender . What do you want me to put on the glass ? ( Buzzing ) Okay . If we survive . Something 's wrong . It 's way too quiet . Like the deadly prius . ( Buzzing approaches ) Professor : Ah , here they come . They 're in attack formation ! They 're going to kill us ! That was weird . It 's like the Jagermeister air show all over again . According to Google hive , we 're at the exact center of the honeycomb . Ooh , and there 's a jamba juice point two miles that way ! Does that thing tell you where the queen bee is ? The big , fat , ugly , compound-eyed , hairy-thorax ... ( grunts ) Don 't be applying your euro-centric standards of beauty to me , fool . ( Gasps ) What 's with the kamikaz-bees ? Man , my hive 's been going buck wild since these blood ganking butt crabs moved in . ( All groan and gag ) Been there . Done that . These bees are infected , just like the ones on earth . Brothasuckin ' parasites gone and disrupted our hivemind . Now instead of working in harmony , my bees just talk smack to each other . Are y 'all black with yellow stripes , or ya yellow with black stripes ? Yellow with black stripes , man . Why don 't you just move along ? Let me ask you something . You sting my wife ? What kinda buzzin' question is that ? Where do you get the wings big enough to ask me that ? ( Buzzing ) Okay , gang . We have plenty of beeswax . Let 's get back to the ship . No . We are not going anywhere . I can 't abide all this bee-on-bee conflict . It 's time to African-americanize these honeybees ! ( Buzzing ) Listen up , bees ! It 's Kwanzaa , a time of umoja . It means unity . You have to learn to work together again ! The crazy tablecloth man is right . It 's time to set aside our differences . Black stripe , yellow stripe ... At the end of the day , we 're just a couple dern talkin ' space bees . Hey , forget about it . Come here and give me a sting . Look ! The spirit of Kwanzaa is killing the parasites . ( All cheering ) Yech ! But yay ! Thank you , my human brother . Your message of unity has touched our souls . We are once again of a single hivemind . ( All muttering anxiously ) ( Crashing ) Kwanzaabot : Oh , yeah . Hooray ! Kwanzaabot 's here to save ... ( blow thuds ) Oh , they killed him . ( Buzzing ) Joyous Kwanzaa , everybody . ( Applause ) ( Chuckling ) Don 't worry . The Futurama crew will be back next year with all new episodes featuring Bender , Leela , and me , Al Gore , as Captain Lance Starman . And from all of us here at Gunderson 's nuts , happy holidays !
