 English text using timing of German version by Vassago HF ! Everybody lies once in a while . Hey Joe . Those mutton chops - totally working for you . Hey . Aww , is that the tie Rose picked out for you ? No . Oh . It 's nice . Or , maybe telling little lies isn 't so bad . For example , I should have lied and said Rose bought this tie . Once the black box is activated , it can detect any lie told by anybody in the room It analyses speech sound waves and can identify the distortion in our voices created by the stress of lying . And it doesn 't work at all ! See , it does work . I never had any doubt . OK , I had a small doubt . OK , every day I am incapacitated by fear . I don 't know where the magic comes from and I 'm terrified that one day I 'll wake up and it will all be gone . And I 'll end up alone , living in my brother 's basement with his trains . Buzz , damn you ! Meanwhile , back at a place of business . Since we 're marketing this for the military we have given this project our top level security clearance . Currently , we 're the only people who know about it . Alright ! I told my shrink . He says it 's because I want him to think I 'm important . Let me try . Every spring , on a remote island , Sean Connery and I hunt the most dangerous game : man . I 've also poisoned one of you . And before this day is done , I 'm going to force two of you to make love . Oh my god , I 'm dying . I can 't breathe . Good luck you two . Don 't let the intimacy hurt the friendship . Relax , I 'm lying . I 'm able to will myself to believe whatever I say . That 's why your machine couldn 't tell . As Veronica has demonstrated with her alarming mixture of sex and death , you two need to recalibrate this , so that even she can 't fool it . Hey , it 's my favourite people . - Chet , what can I do for you sir ? - Actually , I 'm here to see Ted . Are you and your daughter still up for miniature golf today with me and Olivia ? Looking forward to it , sir . Excellent . I 've got my clubs and I am going to beat you . Oh my , that didn 't come out right . Don 't worry , I 've never hit anyone with a golf club . At least not on purpose . Hey what 's this fun machine ? Just a random buzzer . It 's working ! I 've got to get back upstairs and put some more evil into the world . What did you think , you 're elves in the North Pole ? You know where you work . So , you 're jetting off for a glamorous golf game with the boss . It 's hardly glamorous . On the final hole you have to putt the ball into the mouth of a rabbit , who for copyright reasons is named Shmugs Shmunny . It 's not fair . All you people with your kids , palling around after hours , networking , advancing your careers . And I get left behind , just because I don 't want to turn my uterus into a human veal farm . Well some call it the Miracle of Life , but OK . Look , Chet 's daughter Olivia and Rose both go to the Veridian aftercare program and they 've gotten to be friends . Like 2 cutlets in a scaloppini . So I figured it would be good to get some face time with the boss . Just be careful , Ted . There 's a reason it 's called the kid mafia . Because you started calling it that ? Yes , and because one minute you 're flying high with Chet , and the next you 're buried in the desert with a bullet in your skull . Or whatever the kid equivalent is . Probably something with poo . This is my calm voice ! Do you want to hear my uncalm voice ? Damn it ! Wow , Linda seems pretty upset . - Yeah , someone should do something . - Definitely . - You mean someone else , right ? - Ideally . Well , we could . We are her friends . Yeah , but does she consider us close friends . Close enough to let us carry her burdens . If we were walking along the beach , would there be three sets of footprints or two , or none ? I consider you close enough to hear everything you 're saying . Hey Linda . How 's it going ? My brother smashed up my car and I need $ 5000 to get it fixed . The company said they wouldn 't advance it to me , unless I agreed to carry a cloned orangutan to term . I wouldn 't do it . Orangutan arms are so long , they poke out way before the rest of them . The last 2 weeks of the pregnancy , they 'll be picking up everything you drop . Thank you . Finally I have a good reason not to be implanted with an orangutan embryo . Hey , what if we loaned you the money ? Yeah . Oh , you guys are sweet . But I can 't borrow money from you . Of course not . Only a really good friend would feel comfortable enough to borrow money . We over-reached . We have been rightfully shamed and we shall now take our leave . - Guys , you are my friends . - Then prove it and take our money . - Do it , Linda . Talk is cheap . - All right . I 'll take your money . Excellent . Then it 's time to lower the gangplank and welcome you aboard the Friend ship . Please don 't judge us for that . Look at that . I 've never seen Olivia so crazy for anyone as she is for your daughter . Kids , there 's just no rhyme or reason to some of the ridiculous things they get attached to . Yeah . Wait , what ? Olivia used to play with Joe Mullen 's daughter but that girl was relentlessly competitive , and good at things . - Joe Mullen , wasn 't he recently transferred to Nigeria ? - Yeah . I remember he was nervous about all the kidnappings . - He described it as a ransom-based economy . - Yeah . I 'm sure he lives in constant fear . - It 's not fair . - What 's the matter , sweetheart ? Rose keeps winning . If I 'm so special , why aren 't I winning ? Maybe you 're just not special at golf . You 're special at screaming really loud . Hey Olivia , don 't worry about it . There 's still another hole left and that is the only hole that matters . Whoever wins that one , wins the whole game . - What are you talking about ? - Just go tee up . Nicely handled , Ted . Hey we have the Galaxy Omega project coming up . I think it could benefit from your people skills . Boy , I 'd love to be part of Galaxy Omega . It 's going to change the way we communicate with animals , which up until now has been talking to them , getting frustrated with them and then eating them . Come by my office and we 'll talk about it . Hit it . Honey , Hey , I have a fun idea . Why don 't you let Olivia win . There 's nothing more fun than losing on purpose . What 's happened to you ? Great , instead of working on the company 's most exciting project , I 'll get canned . God forbid she loses at miniature golf . Olivia sank it in 2 , Ted . Heaven help us all . I 'm just thinking about Rose . She would hate Nigeria . You know what they say , it 's not just the heat , it 's the driving around in the trunk of a car , not knowing if you 're going to live or die . Where 's my ball ? Where 's my ball ? - It flew into the bushes . - Flew ? Or was kicked ? OK , you know how I pretend not to see when you hide your peas under your mashed potatoes ? Can you just cut me a little of that ? Guys , I really appreciate this loan . Now I can get my car fixed and stop commuting with Mutton-Chop Joe , who , big surprise , is the president of the virginity club at his church . Hey , since we 're such good friends , how would you like to join us this weekend for a little adventure we call , " Bowling and Nachos " . We go bowling and we order nachos . My ! That is an adventure . - But , we don 't eat the nachos . - No , we do not . We bring them back to the lab and analyze the cheese sauce to determine how much of it is actual cheese . If one of us bowls a higher score than the percentage of cheese , then we get blasted . I do like bowling and I love getting blasted , but I can 't . I have to work . What 's that ? Just something we invented that buzzes . Hey , we can 't all be Thomas Edison . But more about this work you have to do . Yeah , I 've got this big report . That 's due Monday . So I gotta work on it all weekend . That thing 's really annoying Well I 'm certainly glad you 're taking our money , Linda . God , I 'm pathetic . I didn 't feel good about sabotaging my daughter at minigolf . I made it up to her . Although I 'm not super proud of how I did that either . Aren 't these good root beer floats ? I 'm sorry , honey . Please forgive me . - Daddy ! - Hey , sweetheart . Hi . - How 's your day ? - A grind . I don 't like Olivia anymore . And now she wants me to go to her birthday . Well , you don 't have to go . Unless you change your mind . Because there 's going to be cake . And on the way you can sit on my lap and drive the car . And I 'll let you cut Daddy 's hair I 'm going to go grab my lunchbox . When I come back , you try not to be weird . Hello , Ted . Ooh , I like this place . It makes me feel so tall and busty . Yeah , that 's why I come . So , what are you doing down here . I 've joined the kid mafia . You 're not the only ass-kissing career whore . What are you looking at ? I 'm not going to let Chet go over my head and give you the Galaxy Omega project , - just because you have a daughter . - It really makes you crazy , that I might get something that you can 't have , doesn 't it ? Plus , you can 't join the kid mafia without a kid . I do have a kid . It 's my niece . We 're very close . - Hello , Luthy ! - Hannah . Everything 's a fight with you . So , did you play with Olivia today ? A little bit . The girl I really like is Rose . Rose ? Rose gets us nothing . Teddy-o ! Veronica . Sometimes , adding an " y-o " just makes a name more fun . Although it doesn 't work with Veronica . - Might I suggest the Veronica-meister . - We 'll see . So Chet , my niece just joined this gym , and she 's gotten very close to Olivia and would love to get together with her . Maybe for lunch or drinks ? Olivia is having a birthday this weekend . Maybe she 'd like to come to that . We 'll be there . It 'll be a perfect chance for me to talk to you , about why I should be in charge of the Galaxy Omega project . Rose and I 'll be there too , sir . Because Rose loves Olivia . So , I guess we 'll both be at your daughter 's birthday . Where is she registered , sir ? How do you convince an eight-year old girl to go to a party she doesn 't want to ? I have no idea . So I thought I 'd asked someone who used to be an eight-year old girl . Get her a beautiful sparky pink party dress , and a princess tiara . If she doesn 't want it , I have an event coming up , I 'd wear it too . Actually , getting Rose a dress is a good idea . - Thanks Linda . You really are a girl . - Yes I am . And it 's not just the genitals . It 's a whole lifestyle . Ted , Ted . How much do you know about your precious Linda ? Specifically , did you know she 's a huge liar ? We thought we were friends but she made up some story about having a work so she could avoid hanging out with us this weekend . Our self-respect demands a harsh response . We were thinking about bringing her a coffee and a bagel every morning . Then , when she 's grown accustomed to it , we 'll inexplicably stop . Guys , why don 't you just talk to Linda ? Tell her your feelings are hurt and ... Wait a second.You guys stopped bringing me a bagel and coffee two weeks ago . You know what you did . Maybe Ted 's right . Maybe we should talk to Linda , that is what friends do . - It 's hard being friends with girls . - It 's hard being friends with guys . I wish there was a third gender . Something with boobs that was incapable of judgment . So , I just wanna go over the plans for saturday . Everybody should try to get to my place by 8 . And be prepared to stay late . This thing could get kinda crazy . Oh , yeah . Beer , hard licker , everything . Even strippers . She 's having a party . That 's why she 's not hanging out with us . And they are going to wear slippers . Those things are so comfortable . And she didn 't invite us ? What kind of a friend does that ? Let 's get her a bagel and some coffee . It 's the time , to start laying the ground work for pain , in three to six weeks she 's not going to know what hit her . I don 't know if I can wait that long . We need an another plan . Something with more bite that doesn 't take weeks and weeks and often goes unnoticed . - Hi , Ted . Where is Rose ? - She is around here somewhere . Oh , really ? Because I saw you both get out of the car and it was just you . Did you drive seperately ? Did you shrink her and put her in your pocket ? Okay , I couldn 't get Rose to come . I figured since there 'd a million kids here , I could bring a present , carry her sweater and nobody would know the difference . Oh , Ted . I can 't believe what you are doing to get Galaxy Omega project . It 's all so sad and desperate . - Can I have some more tokens ? - Of course , Hannah . - What ? That 's my niece 's name , isn 't it ? - Yes , but that 's not your niece . - Yes , it is . - No , it 's not . - Yes , it is . - No , it 's not . - Yes , it is . - No , it 's not . - Yes , it is . - No , it 's not . - Yes , it is . - No , it 's not . - Yes , it is . - We could do this all night . Yes , it is . Sweetheart , what 's your name ? You want me to call somebody ? Alright , I borrowed my neighbour 's kid . Here 's some more tokens . Go be nice to the birthday girl . My sister pulled the plug on Hannah when she found out that I was using her for my career . She thought I developed a genuine interest in the child . What really hurts on all this is that how little my own sister knows me . And you called me desperate . Veronica , you are never gonna pull this off . That girl is at least 2 years older . She 's taller , her eyes are different colour - She 's a different human being . - You 're just freakishly observant . Unless it 's a big take it item , like race , or not being a sweater , no-one 's gonna notice . Veronica , there 's something odd about your niece . She doesn 't look quite right Hey-o , you see that ? I put a hat on her face . Hats don 't belong there . Inspring lunatism . I 'm glad you both made it . That wiesel Bob Simmons said he and his daughter we 're coming and they didn 't even show up . - What kind of a man does that ? - A villain , sir . He should be forced to carry an orang-utan . Where 's Rose ? Olivia 's been asking for her since we got here . Rose is , buried in the ball pit . You saw her , didn 't you ? - You and your real niece . - Yes , we did . For now . Good . So , my daughter is here , Veronica 's real niece is here . Everything is as it should be . Lying , it 's always wrong . But sometimes companies have to say things that aren 't 100 % true . Is that wrong ? No . When companies aren 't truthful , it 's not because we are bad . It 's because we understand things you don 't . People lie . Companies protect their interest . It 's different . This is it . This is where Linda and her beautiful friends are having a party . A party which we shall destroy with our uncomfortable , silent anger . - Now , what 's the plan ? - Get drunk , done . Walk 10 miles from bar to Linda 's place , done . Get chased by a homeless guy with a stick which we didn 't plan , but done . Keep down the tequila which is coming back on me , done . Mom , dad , Father Todd . I 'm grateful that we could all be here tonight to save my beautiful brother Justin . Justin , your drinking has affected me in the following ways ... Yazoo , bitches ! You 're busted , our little liar friend , you 're not at work , - you 're having a party . - This is so not a party . Oh , come on . Peanuts , people crying , a priest . That 's a party , baby . Yeah , stripper priest . Take it off , father sexy . You idiots . We 're having an intervention . Next time you talk to god , could you not mention this ? Here , we 're done drinking tonight . Just keep it away from the alcoholics . Working on Galaxy Omega would be so exciting . Being able to communicate with animals . I 've always wanted to tell a giraffe how stupid it looks . I 've always wanted to ask a baboon why they are called baboons . It 's such a ridiculous name . Baboon . And there might be other aplications beyond insulting animals . Like , learning about the enviroment . Don 't we have enough humans complaining about that ? Now I have to listen some hippie bear whining that I 'm eating all his salmon . I can 't find Rose . I looked everywhere . Nobody 's seen her . - I 'm sure she 's somewhere . - Maybe she 's been murdered . Oh my God . She hasn 't been murdered . Stop that . I 'm sure she hasn 't been murdered , honey . Your father 's right . Rose has not been murdered . Can we stop talking about my daughter being or not being murdered ? All this talk about murdering Rose has got me spooked . And you don 't even know where she is . I 'm calling security . No , no don 't do that . What kind of a father are you ? She is missing , Ted . You , you , I need an another dietcola . And this one 's daughter is missing . - We think she 's been murdered . - What ? We do not think that . Attention . We have a missing child . Repeat : There is a child missing . Parents , locate your children immediately . Oh , boy . I 'm an off-duty police officer . Can I help ? - Rose has been murdered . - What ? No , nobody 's been murdered . Okay , I didn 't bring her . I lied . Rose didn 't wanna come . For some reason she doesn 't like Olivia . Ted , how could you do this ? Lying to me and Chet like that ? Oh , give me a break . That 's not even your niece . What ? Hannah , how could you do this ? Lying to me and chet like that ? The next day , things were little tense between me and Veronica . So , we re-calibrated the lie detector so not even Veronica will be able to fool it . Or any sociopath . Not that I think you 're a sociopath . Shut up . Well , let 's try it . Because Ted sold me out to Chet , I 'm missing out on Veridian 's most exciting project since that pill that makes people shop . And I 'm fine with that . And I 'm glad that last night , at the first sight of trouble with Chet , Veronica kicked me in the testicles . It 's weird when beautiful people fight . It 's like watching the Hope Diamond yell at the sunset . I 've realized recently , I don 't mind anger as much when it 's not directed at me . Yazoo , Bitches . Oh , I 'm sorry , am I bursting in on something I wasn 't invited to ? Upsetting people , giving liquor to my alcoholic brother , making my mother cry so hard that she threw up on father sexy ? We apologized for that last night . Perhaps you didn 't hear us because we were running away as fast as we could . Going to a party , where you don 't belong ? Why does that sound familiar ? Because that 's what you did , when you showed up to child party without a child . You know what the problem is , Veronica ? You can 't stand that I might get a big project that you are not a part of . - So you wanna horn in on it . - That 's not true . And you guys can 't stand that I have an alcoholic brother . No , that can 't be right . Why did you guys crash my brother 's intervention anyway ? We thought you were having a party and didn 't invite us even though you said we were friends . We were friends . Although after what you did last night , I don 't know if I wanna be friends with you anymore . She still wants to be our friend . Even after all we did . That 's a real friendship . Because what we did was apalling . Come here . Thanks to you , my whole family is mad at me . The last thing I need right now is a hug from you guys . Let 's go hug her . Okay . It 's just you , me , and the machine . So admit it . You don 't want me to move up and have success in this company . Of course I want that for you . Well , this makes it harder to advance my argument . It 's the truth , Ted . It 's just , if you join the kid mafia pretty soon you 're gonna be hanging out with them all the time . and when I need you , you 're not gonna be around and .. well , you know ... - You 'd miss me ? - No ! - And that 's as much as you 're gonna get . - Well , I 'll take it . And whatever happens , I will always not be there for you . Because our friendship means nothing to me . And that 's as much as you 're gonna get . Hey-o . Guess who 's covered in tiny 8-year old fist sized bruises ? This guy ! So I 've decided you both need a little more punishment . Well , at least Chet didn 't send us off to Nigeria . Don 't talk . When you exhale , I can feel it in my face . You 're just mad because I sneezed in your mouth a minute ago . Isn 't it nice you don 't have to miss me ? This cheese sauce is only 42 % cheese . And since you voted 62 , according to the American rules of " Bowling Nachos " , we all get to drink . But first we dance . Everybody in da House Everybody in da House if you 're ready to party Everybody in da House if you 're ready to party let me hear you say .
