 Tonight at 11 : 00 ... ( SHOUTING ) Doom ! Boy , that thing 's big . Fry , is my colossal eye too big ? No , it 's what makes you you . But it 's so round , so hideously round . Leela , listen . You 're the most beautiful woman I 've ever known . Oh . So you only care about my looks ? No , I ... What ? Finally , New New York got a blast of class today as Nikolai , playboy ruler of the Robo-Hungarian Empire , arrived aboard his extravagant caviar-powered yacht . I am just a humble emperor with a big , big crown ! Of course I 'm not planning to steal that crown ! What ? True . I 've always dreamed of being an emperor . You know , for Halloween , and then forever . But heisting those jewels would be difficult . You 'd be stupid to try . I 'll need accomplices . A sexy vamp to distract and tie up the guard . Never ! A claw man to slip past the metal detector and cut the alarm wires . Sorry , I 'm set for life after that last job . And finally , a chump , to be caught on video and later arrested . As I told you on Sucker-Punch Day , I 'm through being a chump . Of course , it would all require split-second robotic timing . That 's where I come in . You see , I own a watch . There . This time I 'm sure I 've fixed the mind switcher . Good , I 'm sick of cleaning up those heaps of dead monkeys . But why would you want your mind in a new body ? Well , as a man enters his 18th decade , he thinks back on the mistakes he 's made in life . Like the heaps of dead monkeys ? Science cannot move forward without heaps ! No , what I regret is the youth I wasted playing it safe . I wasted my youth porking out . Yes , I remember . Would you please take that down ? It 's making me hungry . Funny , I could use a little extra meat on my bones . Wait a second ! If we switched bodies , I could live life to the extreme , and you could indulge your demonic food lust . ( GASPS ) We 're just the people this mind switcher was made for by us ! Wait , can I still change my mind ? Let 's find out . ( IN AMY 'S VOICE ) It didn 't work , you doddering old ... ( GASPS ) ( IN FARNSWORTH 'S VOICE ) Ah ! Cartilage ! Dude , I bid you a fond cowabunga . I 'm off to laugh at the Reaper . ( WHOOPING ) Look out , world , here I ... ( GROANS ) I 'm sorry , Amy , but your body 's not up to the task . Also , I don 't care for these boobs flapping every which way . Now , quit your bologna-gargling and let 's switch back into our original bodies . Body-switching , eh ? Mayhap the heist is back on . Who needs accomplices , if I can just use their bodies ? ( DEVICE BEEPING ) Professor , what 's not happening ? Bad news , me . I failed to take into account the cerebral immune response . You idiot ! Once two bodies have switched minds , they can never switch back . However , perhaps they can . Maybe we can swap back using a third body for temporary storage space . I 'm 60 % storage space . You are ? I ... Mmm ? ( IN BENDER 'S VOICE ) Well , I 'm off to the royal yacht for a quick seduce-and-snatch . See you ! ( IN FARNSWORTH 'S VOICE ) Now , then , Amy we 'll simply switch bodies , and then we 'll ... We 'll ... No , I 'd be back in my body , but then you and Bender would be switched . And the Amy and Bender bodies can 't trade minds again , since they just did . Oh , no ! Is it possible to get everyone back to normal using four or more bodies ? I 'm not sure . I 'm afraid we need to use math . Stupid air-needing lungs . ( GASPS ) The crown jewels . Now I just have to locate the guard and seduce him in ... Four seconds ? GUARD : Who goes there ? Three , two , one . ( IN FEMALE VOICE ) Hello , big boy . ( IMITATING EROTIC MUSIC ) Silence ! I am Basil , the Emperor 's cousin and chief of his royal guard . And I shall not be seduced by a ... I said ... ( IMITATING EROTIC MUSIC ) ( GROANING ) ( MUTTERING ) Professor ? What 's the matter ? I 'm Amy . The Professor and I switched bodies . Oh , lord . All I wanted was to gorge myself a little , but I can 't digest anything with these false teeth and this hit-or-miss colon . At least you get a senior discount at the movies . I hate paying $ 14 to see Nicolas Cage solve things . If you want to save $ 2 , we could switch bodies . Hmm . We can always switch back , right ? ( GIGGLES INNOCENTLY ) Hey , Leela . Mmm . What smells saturated ? Deep-fried ice cream sandwich wrapped in frosting and lightly baconed . Whoa . That sounds like something Amy would say and eat . I am Amy . Leela and I used the Professor 's mind-switching machine . So Leela 's in your body ? ( IN LEELA 'S VOICE ) Not exactly . ( EXCLAIMS IN FEAR ) Aha ! You do only like me for my body ! That is entirely not true , sir ! ( MUFFLED GROANS ) Now to go switch bodies with Zoidberg , sneak past the metal detector and clip the alarm wires , all in less than ... Ten minutes ago ? Oh ! ( BEEPING ) ( ALARM SOUNDING ) Uh , could you come back when my chump gets here ? Now , then , what is a filthy human doing aboard my royal yacht ? With all due respect , Your Majesty , I 'm a robot like you . I just switched bodies with some bimbo . Go ahead , ask me something only a robot would know . A reverse Turing Test , eh ? Very good . What is the square root of nine ? Uh , hold on , let me just get out a pencil . ( SIGHS ) Okay , look , I 'm not that kind of robot . I 'm more this kind of robot . ( BEAT BOXING ) He steps forwards but moves backwards . By the gods ! He is a machine ! No , that won 't restore everyone , either . Besides , I don 't want my decrepit old body back ! I 'm running away with this invincible robot body and joining something . Look , I paid for 15 robot clowns per cubic meter of car , and you 're barely giving me 12 . Now , crumple up and get in ... And fasten your seatbelts . ( ALL GROANING ) Come on ! Good day . I am Nonchalanto , the robot daredevil . And my dream is to risk my life in strange and original ways . Hmm . You don 't look so foolhardy to me . ( APPLAUSE ) That 's the dumbest thing anybody 's ever done . You 're hired ! So you 're a common bending robot , with a human peasant roommate ? Oh , crap , that is what I am ! No , Bender , I envy you . I 'm so bored with all these pretentious trappings . The jewels , the parties , the beautiful robo-women . Hello . ( SCOFFS ) My fiancée , Princess Flavia . Dearest , meet Bender . He 's a robot in the body of a Chinese Martian physicist . How tedious . Oh , to escape this gilded cage for a day . You know , we could trade bodies . I could take over the humdrum royal stuff , and you could be a regular Joe for a day . Or more . Much more . In that horrid non-robot body ? Sir , I have my standards . Ah , but what if I could put you in my fabulous bending-robot body ? ( GIGGLES ) Me , posing as a lowly bending unit ? How wicked ! But wait , I 'm supposed to give a speech at the U. N. tomorrow . Can I trust you to do it ? You can trust anything . So now Leela 's all crotchety because she thinks I 'm not attracted to her in the Professor 's body . You aren 't , are you ? Of course not ! But I was willing to lie about it . What more can a man do ? A man can give her a toke of her own medicine . Yes ! I could put my mind into a hideous body and show Leela she 's not attracted to me . But it would have to be a really , really disgusting body . Friends ! Friends ! I 've got barnacles on my tuchus . The long search is over . Wait here and earn interest while I find my robot body . Professor ? Leela . Amy ? Bender . Have you seen my body ? I think the Professor 's in it . Yeah , he said something about running away . Then he ran away . What ? Whither ? What am I gonna do ? I got an emperor all patsied up to switch bodies , but only with another robot ! Washbucket full . Scruffy 's work here is done . ( CHUCKLING ) ( CACKLING ) ( IN BENDER 'S VOICE ) Now to find Emperor Von Richendoof . Now to find Scruffy . Switch bodies ? I don 't see why not . I also don 't see why . ( CHUCKLING ) ( IN FRY 'S VOICE ) In your face , Leela . If you 're a bender , why is your body full of fetid water ? If you 're an emperor , why don 't you shut up ? Move it , Fry ! Well , so long . Wait ! Point me to my normal human roommate ! That 's him there . Maybe . Got to go ! ( IN DR. ZOIDBERG 'S VOICE ) Robot ? Yes , ' tis I , Bender . Do you not recognize your own best friend ? Aha ! The guy in this body has a friend ! Bender , old pal ! It 's me , the Fry ! But then Nicolas Cage discovered the real treasure was his family . Yes , I 'll hold . Hey , Leela , look ! I 'm in Zoidberg ! Fry ? You 're not so shallow that you find me repulsive because of my body , are you ? ( CHOKES ) Not at all . Amy ? Stop it ! Fry , help ! She 's turning me into a parade float . Ew ! Look at her ! ( GROWLS ) Oh . So you 're so shallow that my body disgusts you if it puts on a little extra weight ? That wasn 't a little extra weight . Admit it ! You don 't care about the inner me at all ! No , you admit it ! You 'd be ashamed to be seen in public with someone as hideous as me ! Would not ! Oh , yeah ? Then I challenge you to a romantic dinner at Elzar 's tonight . It 's on . ( DOOR OPENS ) Sweet orca of Majorca ! You make Fat Albert look like Normal Albert ! I don 't know what to do . Do you think I should eat more butter ? I am putting a stop to this right now ! Come on . We 're switching bodies . Hermes , no ! I 'll ruin your body , too ! Three decades of the munchies beat you to it . BIG BERTHA : You make quite a show , young man . You remind me of myself as a young cannon . Big Bertha is the circus 's grande dame . She shoots robots through the air . ( BELCHES ) Excuse me . Too much goulash . I 've always wanted to be shot out of something . How about a quick blast after lunch ? Alas , a fine big one like you would shatter my barrel . But , ah , to amaze the crowd once more . I understand the problems of age , but suppose I could put you in a new body ? Never ! My body may be old , but it is mine , and every crack a memory of heavy things shot a long way . Good day ! ( JEWELS CLATTERING ) ( SIGHS ) I have everything I ever wanted . Money , wealth , riches . Yet something 's missing . A hot princess with whom to get grizzly . Hello . Hello , baby ! Huh ? Hey , what 's going on here ? And why are you kissing my dashing cousin instead of me ? Nikolai , you imperial fool . We 've been having an affair for 700 years . At long last , I shall kill you , blame the burglar and inherit the throne . Farewell , Nikolai . Wait ! I 'm not Nikolai ! I 'm Bender , the fabulous body-switching burglar . So you are . However , you do have Nikolai 's body , and that 's the part we want to kill . ( MOTOR RUNNING ) Great food , huh ? ( BURPS ) ( ALL GROANING ) Ew ! I 'm sorry , Leela . I hope that didn 't make you ashamed to be seen with me . No , it only makes you more attractive . ( PEOPLE GASPING ) Ew ! Oh ! Did my bodily infirmity embarrass you ? Not at all . It 's just another thing that makes you a very special lady . You mean , like my penis ? ( EXCLAIMS IN DISGUST ) Admit it ! You 're disgusted by me ! No , you 're disgusted by me ! I 'm as attracted to you as I 've ever been ! Prove it ! ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) Well , Bender , here 's our apartment that we live in every day . A floor ? We live like kings ! Kings ? Silence ! Like you , I 'm a common lout . Now fetch me some working-class cognac from our brandy storeroom that you know how to find . Uh ... ( SCREAMS ) Relax , Bender . I 'll dry up that leak with this heating box . ( GAS LEAKING ) Ah , cigars . Light me up , old friend . ( PANTING ) There you are , Emperor Nikolai . It 's time for your speech to the U. N. What now ? ( SCREAMS ) Miss Wong ? No , Scruffy , I am Washbucket . I love you . Washbucket has always loved you . This is wrong , Washbucket . Oh , it would be sweet for a while , but in the back of our minds , we 'd know that I 'm a man and you 're janitorial equipment . In another city , we could be anyone we want ! Go . Go now , before I beg you to stay . ( CRYING ) Yep . Please welcome an insane dictator , and one heck of a bowler , Emperor Nikolai ! Thanks , Nixon . How we doing ? WOMAN : I love you , Your Majesty ! Shut up , Madame Ambassador ! I know it ! Anyhow , ( CLEARING THROAT ) I 'd now like to digress from my prepared remarks to say I 'm done ! ( ALL CHEERING ) Ladies and gentlemen , this robot is an impostor ! ( ALL GASPING ) ( EXCLAIMS ) I shall enjoy this . Not me ! That devil , Basil , will kill our emperor . You 're Robo-Hungarian ? Yes . Our nation 's chief export is carnies . If only there were some way I could get to the U. N. to help . There is . Get in , Nonchalanto . Bertha , no ! It would kill you ! I have not so much time left anyhow . But you could get a new body ! You could have a rich , full life ! I am trying to have a rich , full life ! Long live Robo-Hungary ! ( GROANING ) ( SCREAMING ) Me ! Thank God you 've come ! This is for Big Bertha ! That is not what I meant to give you for Big Bertha . ( SIGHS ) That was nice . Oh , yeah . ( BOTH GASP ) Ow ! Ow ! ( SCREAMS ) ( SHATTERS ) ( EXCLAIMS ) Whoever you are , you 're the bravest robot I 've ever seen . I like killing brave things . Good ! Because I 've got 20 of them per cubic meter . When I grow up , I want to be a diplomat ! Well , if there 's one thing I 've learned , it 's a lesson . I believe this belongs to you . I shall sell it to help the common folk , now that I understand their misery . Yeah , good luck with that . I must say , Hermes , you 've got a smoking-hot body . ( IN HERMES 'S VOICE ) I was inspired by Amy . Wow ! How 'd you do it ? Well , there I was at Elzar 's , eating a nice pork sundae , and suddenly , I just lost my appetite . Forever . Q to the E to the D ! So it is possible for us all to get back to our original bodies ? Stone-cold munching , Prof. Sweet Clyde , characterize your inversion theorem . Basically , no matter how permuted-up your minds are , they can be restored using , at most , two extra players . And they say pure math has no real-world applications ! ( ALL CHEERING ) Everybody back in their zones ? Yes sir ! Yes ! Ah ! My body may be old , but it is mine . Brilliant work , Clyde ! You 'll win the NBA 's highest academic honor for this . Also , I 'm making you a duke . So long , filthy commoners ! ¡ Adiós ! ( CHUCKLES ) And I 'm left with the real jewels safely inside ... His compartment ? ( GROANS ) All right . I 'll need accomplices . ENGLISH - US - PSDH
