 I really don 't understand this one . What 's not to understand ? That idiot used the book . Maybe we shouldn 't jump to conclusions . ( Jenny ) Curtis has been turned to stone ( Jenny ) and he 's holding the book of pure evil . Do you know anything about this , Todd ? No , why would I know anything about this ? So Curtis used the book for some unknown reason and as a consequence he 's been turned to stone ? ( Hannah ) Why did he use the book ? Isn 't it obvious ? He wanted to be permanently stoned . That doesn 't follow the paradigm of the book . If he used the book shouldn 't there be a negative effect on the rest of the school ? Okay , whatever , let 's get him outta here before someone pisses on him . Ugh , okay- - Before someone else pisses on him . Okay , we need to figure out how Curtis got the book . Who 's the last person to see him pre-statue ? Well , I did see Curtis earlier today when he was normal walky , talky Curtis . What were you guys talking about ? I 'd love to tell you , but under guidance counselor student rules of confidentiality , I can 't talk about it . But I can show you . Oh , this isn 't right . These kids come to you for private guidance and you film them ? Show me the sign in here that says I don 't videotape these sessions . And that makes it okay ? You can do a horrible thing because you said you wouldn 't ? It 's just for my private records , nobody sees it but me . And the A / V club , I suppose , they edit it . The A / V club . I 've got five cameras , I can 't edit all this footage by myself . Is it as tiny as this pencil eraser ? Dude , my friend 's penis is small , we don 't need to know how small . Is it as small as this baby carrot ? Hey , maybe I should go talk to somebody else . ( Atticus ) No , I 'm here for you . 'Cause you 're here ? No , you 're not alone in having a penis as small as this staple remover . I told you that this isn 't about me . And for the record , my penis is the size of three of those staple removers . Two and a half . Somewhere between two and a half and three staple removers in length . You know what ? Uh , forget it , I 'm just gonna talk to Bailey myself . Okay . Bailey , huh . I completely missed that the first time around . He must be referring to Bailey Morris , the school bully . Something to do with that incident this morning between Curtis , Bailey- - And YOU . Sit down . Is this about the picture that you sent me ? Oh , that was from you , gross . There were pictures ? Gross pictures ? Spill it out , Todd , there might be a clue . Yeah ... maybe . ( Bailey ) Hold him still . Okay , wait wait . Hold him still . I have a message for him from beyond the grave . ( Todd ) This guy makes me sick . Listen carefully to what the spirits say . What ? I think his dead grandmother 's trying to tell him something . My grandmother 's not even dead ! Man , I can 't watch this . I can 't not watch this . There 's a kind of genius at work here . Yes , I can feel the message building , coming through from the other side . ( Curtis ) Anybody can just fart in somebody 's face . Why 's he dressing it up like a message from beyond death ? ( Curtis ) He really goes the extra mile . ( jock ) Uh oh ! I 've got an idea . Get your cellphone out . ( Todd ) I want you to take a picture . Grab him ! His granny 's not done talkin ' to him yet ! ( Curtis ) What am I taking a picture of ? ( Todd ) You 'll know when you see it . Ha ha ha , ha ha ! ( Todd ) Holy shit ! You two are dead ! Dead ! What ? He said we were dead . Not I 'm gonna turn you guys into statues . It 's still motive though . There is more motive , right , Todd ? I might have motivated him ... a bit more . Is that tiny ? Dude , that is beyond tiny . Hey , what did you do ? I just sent that photo to everybody in school . You 're gonna humiliate him ? That 's the plan . Total humili-nilation . Which means that either Bailey will find the book , or the the book will find him . Don 't you feel bad about using Bailey as book bait ? Maybe he 's a bully because he feels inadequate . We should be telling him it 's oka y to have a small penis . Not set the powers of pure evil on him . Dude , it 's totally not okay to have a small penis . What ? I didn 't make the rules ! ( Atticus ) What 'd you label it , I 'm not seeing it ? Uh , Bailey Morris ' small penis . Oh yes , there it is . Oh my god ... You gotta blow it up just to see anything at all ! Ha ha ha ! Anyway , Curtis must have tried to get the book from Bailey and then , I dunno , Bailey must have somehow , turned Curtis into stone . And where were you when all this happened ? Todd ? So tiny . He he he he he . You got stoned and forgot your whole plan , didn 't you ? Yeah . Now your best friend is a statue ! Yeah but that wasn 't part of the plan . This is why you 're not in charge . Could we get off me and back onto Curtis please ? Right , let 's just find Bailey . How 's it hanging , Tiny ? Sweet pictures , Tiny , seriously . How 's your teenie weenie peenie ? ( student ) You must need a magnifying glass to jerk off ! Show us your baby dick ! You know , it 's not nice to bully someone , even if that someone is a bully . Bullies are people , too . We have feelings , you know ? We just express them differently . Usually by wailing on someone . All I ask is that you show me the respect that I didn 't show you . Okay ? Baby dick ! Baby dick ! I 'll show you baby dick ! ( gasps and screams ) ( screams ) Let 's change into our gym clothes . There 's no time , something 's happening . I know that 's what we normally do , then I get blood on my good clothes . I 'd rather get blood on my gym clothes . You 're serious ? Yeah , I 'm serious . Blood washes out of cheap cotton fabric ... . it doesn 't wash out of lace . Well ... these pants did cost $ 35 . ( screams ) See ! There 's more freedom of movement , right ? I feel like I 'm dressed for speed . It 's spreading . Dude . Whoa , easy . Tell us what you saw man . Todd , he 's blind . Oh- - SORRY , DUDE ! ( Jenny ) Aaron , what happened ? You wouldn 't believe it . ( Atticus ) Oh , we 'd completely believe it . I heard them screaming , and then nothing . But something rubbed past me , I felt it . It touched me . It rubbed itself all over me , it was horrible ! It was rubbing and touching and rubbing and touching , and- - SLAP ! What the fuck ? Somebody just slapped me ! Oh , Mr. Murphy ! SLAP ! What the fuck ! Todd told me to . Will you stop slapping Aaron for five seconds ? Aaron , forget them . What touched you ? It felt like a giant penis . A giant , snaky penis . But , but that 's impossible right ? Dude , do you even go to this school ? - Hello ? - Atticus ! Oh , it 's you . Our patience with you is wearing thin . ( Atticus ) Yeah yeah yeah ! I 've got the book ! Relax , I 'll be right there ! Don 't get your robe in a knot . Oh , hi , Todd . Are you trying to chisel off Curtis ' arm ? Oh , it 's his- - It 's his prosthetic arm . Oh my god , it 's not . I 'll leave you two alone . ( screams ) Hey dude . I know you can 't hear me but I just- - I wanted to say I 'm really sorry about , well , sometimes I act before I think , and just- - it seems to like really mess everything up . So , I 'm sorry about what I said about you having a small , you know . But if it makes you feel any better , I heard some chicks really like guys with small , you know , as long as you 're good with your hands- - Well , hand- - Um , but I mean you 've only got the one , right , so you 're probably really , really good with it . You know , kinda how like blind people can hear really well . We met a blind guy today and he was really cool , he wasn 't creepy at all . Look , what I guess I 'm trying to say is , it 's totally okay if you have a small penis . Maybe we can pry the book out of Curtis ' arms . Tried that , didn 't work . I think we should just wait here . How does waiting here help anything ? Haven 't you guys noticed ? Trouble always comes to us . We waste a lot of time running around , looking for clues , but it always ends up finding us . I 'm just suggesting that we eliminate the running around part . Evil does seem to find us faster than we find evil . So that 's our plan . To wait . ? ( screams ) We all heard a scream , right ? Uh huh . Mmmmhmm . And we 're just going to- - Ah , just wait for it . ( screams ) KNOCK-KNOCK ( Bailey ) Todd , are you in there ? You little shit ! ( Bailey ) Do you know what you 've done ? ( penis monster ) GRRRRRR I guess I 've got to go fight Bailey 's evil wang now . How are you going to do that without getting turned to stone ? ( Hannah ) I have an idea . But , it might sound- - Crazy ! What ? Every time she says she has an idea she says it 's gonna sound crazy . There , I 've rigged up a set of heat-vision goggles to enable Todd to navigate through the halls without being turned to stone . Cape was his idea . Awesome ! Do I look like a super hero ? You look like a pervert . Ah ha ! Super pervert . ( Jenny ) Anyone seen Attiucs ? He said he was following a lead . ( Jenny ) Well , we can 't keep waiting for him so- - Todd ! Uh huh ? Is this thing working ? Yeah , I think I 'm getting the hang of it . It glows glowier whenever there 's more heat . ( Jenny ) Back off ! You 're gonna need this for the , um ... Cool , so- - ( Jenny ) Whoa , whoa- - What am I supposed to do with this ? I think it 's pretty obvious . ( Jenny ) Don 't tell me you haven 't figured that out . You have to cut off Bailey 's penis . What ? I thought I was gonna talk some sense into it . When was the last time you talked some sense into your own penis ? That 's a good point . ( ominous music plays ) ( ominous music plays ) CRASH ! Sorry , dude . Todd ! Todd ! ? Dude , you 're huge . ( Bailey ) I didn 't want to be this huge , okay ? Look at it . It 'd split open a humpback whale . You realize what I gotta do , right ? Talk some sense into it ? Tried that . Does not work . Never does . I gotta cut it off . Oh jesus no , please not that , okay ? I swear to you , I will keep this in my pants . Dude , that thing can 't fit in your pants . Then I 'll buy bigger pants , okay ? I 'll shop at one of those fat kid stores . We both know that 's not gonna work , Bailey . It controls you , it has a mind of it 's own . This thing doesn 't control me , okay ? I control it . ( penis monster groans ) See ? Ha ha ! WHACK ! ( Bailey struggles ) Hello , Todd . That 's your dick talkin ' to me , right ? ( penis monster ) You and I are not so different . ( Todd ) Yeah ? I 'm not a giant dick . Some may disagree with that , but that 's besides the point . ? We are both connected to the book . I am merely a servant , but you , you could be it 's master . UGH ! ( grunts / struggles ) Ha ha ha ! AHHHHHH ! ( penis monster ) Let 's see how you like it . Bailey , your cock is killing me ! AHHHHHHHH ! Bailey is weak , he cannot control the book 's power , but you . Embrace the evil , Todd , you have power beyond my wildest dreams . You 'll be the king of kings , the cock of all cocks . Come on , you know you want it . I have a hard time believing a giant talking dick . Then you must die ! Ha ha ha ha ! Dah ! Ha ha ha ! Dah ! Ha ha ha ! Cut it off ! Let me get my- - POOF ! ( screams ) It 's so huge ! Ah-choo ! AHHHHHH ! Mr. Murphy ! AHHHHHH ! What 's his problem ? ( heavy metal music plays ) ( heavy metal music plays ) Poor Bailey . No one deserves that kind of punishment . AHHHHH ! Seems pretty poetic to me . The bully gets his terrorizing teenie weenie cut off . ( Jenny ) I applaud how this one turned out . Yeah , well the next time some snotty cheerleaders ' boobs are turning everyone into paintings and we have to cut her boobs off , and you are all like , oh it 's a shame we had to cut Lucy 's boobs off , and then me and Curtis will be all yay for boob cutting . Yay for boob cutting . See how you like it . Okay . Dude , seriously , it 's so good to have you back . And don 't worry , there 's nothing to be ashamed of . What do you mean ? You know , having a small penis . I don 't have a small penis . It 's okay , dude , we all know . And knowing is half the battle . ( Atticus ) Oh , I have to take this . Man , I can 't believe I had to battle a giant , evil , talking penis . What ? It talked to you ? What did it say ? Oh , you know , the usual cock talk . Length versus gir , quality versus quantity , how to master evil . What was that ? How to master ... bate . And then I killed it . Hey Curtis , let 's go smoke a J. Cool .
