 Are those your dead parents ? They sure don 't look like they were ground-breaking scientists . Frankly , Hannah , you should spend so much time in the science lab . This is why you have no friends . Friends are overrated . I have one true love , and that love is science . But science doesn 't love you Hannah , it doesn 't even like you . It killed your parents . No offense Hannah , but you 're twice as reckless as they were with half the talent . Then I 'll try harder , I 'll try much harder ... don 't see it happening , Hannah . We 'll show them , orvil twelve . Fly free , little one . Shouldn 't we be looking for this book thingy ? Are you kidding , man ? I can barely find my feet . What do I gotta do to get you to go out with me ? Not gonna happen , Todd . Okay , since we 're gonna be spending a lot of time together looking for the book , can 't we just call that a date ? Whatever gets you off , buddy . Guess who 's dating Jenny ? Awesome ! Listen , we have to find the book before it hurts anybody else . It 's important that we keep this our secret , okay ? We don 't want it getting into the wrong hands . All right , I 'm sure you 're all excited about this year 's science fair . As you are well aware , you will be assigned partners . Wanda winterbanks and Jasmine Madison . My two best students . I wasn 't aware got extra credit for sexual favours . And now ya are . Good luck , skank . You don 't stand a chance against our baking soda volcano , witchface . Jenny kolinski and Curtis Weaver . What the fu ... Hannah b . Williams and Todd Smith . Over here , Todd . Han-nah ? Todd ! Over here , Todd . I bet there 's something in here that 's better than a baking soda volcano . 'Course it all depends what you wanna study , too . Oh , what about this ? We can make a homunculus . Mr. Farley likes teamwork . It 's a meeting of the minds . Two working as one . In union . Together . Todd Smith , please report to the guidance office . We need to talk about your recent emotional problems . In private . As your guidance counselor , which is what I am , It 's my job to help you with your problems . What kind of problems ? Let me think , how ' bout , when you nearly destroyed the entire school during the battle of the bands , kind of problems ? You know , Todd , I used to be a lot like you . Lost , angry , sexually confused . I 'm not sexually confused . Let me put forth a purely hypothetical situation . Let 's say , I was you . Okay ? And let 's say I , I dunno ... found a book of pure evil . And , you think I have this 'book of pure evil ' ... hypothetically . You know if I had this book I 'd want to give it to someone I trusted , someone who 's guiding me , counseling me ... guidance counseling me . I don 't know , what you 're talking about . Where 's the book ? I don 't have it anymore ! We tried to destroy it , and it , it , it ... it just got away ! Wait , how do you know about the book ? The hypothetica I book . You know what this sounds like to me ? I think you made up this book of pure evil , this fantasy book , because you have a delusional drug problem . If I was you I wouldn 't mention any of this to anybody . Word gets around , I would have no choice but to institutionalize you with the rest of the crazies . Big , horny crazies . Now , shoo , Todd , Mr. Murphy has important business to do . You 're not the only troubled teen at crowley high . Yeah , the boy doesn 't have the book . Todd ! Do you wanna meet up after school to work on our science project ? Yeah , sure , whatever . Hey ! Hey ! Why the heck did you psychos turn me onto that book ? Oh ! So , you found it ! Oh , I did more than find it ! It possessed me and I nearly killed the whole school ! Tends to happen when you use the book of pure evil . You knew there 'd be consequences , little dude . No , I didn 't ! You should have . Loser . Look , dude , if you don 't control that book , it 's gonna control you , man . But I don 't even have it anymore . Just wait , little dude , it 'll come back . Just like German herpes . If you don 't control German herpes , German herpes will control you . I have had it with you psychos and your mystical bullspit . The book is not my problem ! He 'll be back . Very good . Very , ve ry good . What 's your science project Hannah ? I 'm making a homunculus . A homunculus . You 're making a homunculus ? Hannah ... As not only your teacher , but a respected member of the scientific community , i hope wherever your parents are right now , they can 't see what an absolute fool you 're making of yourself . A homunculus ! Homunculus . What 's a homunculus ? I have no idea , but I 'll tell you girls all about it over dinner . ( Mr. Farley ) Homunculus ! " Partem ... Creatura ... Of meus ... Votum ! " Now , that 's what I call teamwork ! Thanks , Mr. Farley . Now . Come on ! I wanna see you two make out . You 're drunk . You 're not drunk enough . You wanna see my volcano ? It 's ready to erupt ! Oh , yeah ... ( Mr. Farley ) Who 's there ? You 're too drunk . Come on , Jasmine , let 's go . He can never perform when he 's drunk . Can you believe he just said that ? ( Mr. Farley ) What a piece of trash . Homunculus , homunculus ! No , homunculus , no ! Ahhhhh ! Ahhhhh ! Nnnnnoooooo ! It has begun a new . What is going on , kids ? Holy Jupiter trip ! He 's bleeding everywhere ! Oh my gosh , he ruined our project ! All the trees are broken . Yes ? Yes ... Atticus , come here immediately . Where are you ? But ... but I 'm ... Dude , I 'm telling you , he 's totally ... What the ... we 'll continue this conversation later . We weren 't having a conversation . Atticus , are you on your way yet ? ! Todd , check it out ... I think he 's dead . Hi , Todd ! Shoot ! Apparently , Mr. Farley slipped in a pool of his own blood After he carved a pentagram on his forehead . He fell right onto the baking soda volcano . But they didn 't cancel the science fair , and thank God ' cause our project turned out really great . You might wanna step back . 'Cause it 's gonna blow ? Beat it , twerp . The pentagram on Mr. Farley 's forehead , it 's the same as the cover of the book of pure evil . So ? Look , just because some teacher carved a pentagram into his own forehead and then slipped in his own blood , that doesn 't mean it has anything to do with the book , or with me . You must follow the path of carnage . Where there 's death , destruction and chaos , there you will find the book . That 's what I was doing when you called me . I was at the scene of death , destruction and chaos when you told me to get over here , just so you can tell me to seek out the scene of death , destruction and chaos , which is where I was . Control yourself , atticus ! The book of pure evil feeds on uncontrollable emotions and fears . Highshool is the perfect environment for the book to thrive . Do you know of any emotionally unstable students at crowley high ? We 're talking teenagers , they 're all emotionally unstable . If they weren 't I wouldn 't have a job , and then you 'd be ship out of dock . Watch your tongue , atticus ! Or , I 'll cut it out and make you e at it . Forgive me , your evilness . Be gone . Be gone . Always with the ' be gones ' ... No ! No ! Ha , ha ha ha . Ha ha . Ooooh . Aw , yeah . Ooooh , Jenny . Todd ? Jenny ! Phew ! The science fair 's about to start , you got our project ? Screw the science fair ... where 's your idiot friend ? I haven 't seen Todd all day . Well , let 's go find him . Hey , hey ! Oh ... hey , Jimmy , I was just kinda , you know , hiding . What are you hiding from ? Well , I 'm kinda , like ... avoiding a girl . What do you wanna do that for ? Well , I had this dream , right , and I was , like , quick and tiny , and I tried to kill her , and then I had another dream where like I killed the science teacher and then that dream came true , and then ... I kinda feel like ... Like it 's my fault or something ? And if it is your fault what are ya gonna do about it ? Well , I 'm scared that if I do anything I 'm just gonna make things worse . Look , doing something someti mes makes things worse , but doing nothing always makes things worse . Okay , yeah , but what if I put Jenny in danger ? Dude , chicks love danger all right , and dudes who aren 't afraid to face it . And remember , if she 's not in danger , be sure to put her in danger . Put her in danger , got it . Oh , and don 't forget the saving her part , all right ? You do that , and it 's candy in the pants baby . Okay . Thanks , Jimmy . All right ! I 'm always here to help , buddy . Todd ! I finished our science fair project . Yeah , that 's totally great . Have you seen Jenny ? What have you got there ? Our science fair project . There you are ! What the heck is that ? Behold ... the homunculus ! Ahhhhhhhhh ! That thing tried to kill me last night . Holy crap that thing is ugly . Uh , it looks just like you , Todd . Ahhhhhhhhh ! Come here . Come here . Get the tiny Todd ! Don 't even think about it . Years of eating sprouts have given me an iron grip . Ahhhhhhh ! It 's peeing in my mouth ! I 'll save you , Todd ! Where 's the book ? Where 's what ? The book ! The book of pure evil , you whiny little nerd ! No , no no no no ! You sent tiny Todd to kill Mr. Farley . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Liar ! I think she 's telling the truth and can we please stop calling it tiny Todd . Shut up . And then , you sent it to kill me , because you 're jealous that Todd has a crush on me . I 'm not jealous , I 've dedicated my life to science , I don 't have time for boys . Then why does it look like Todd , Hannah ? Does it ? What if Hannah doesn 't realize she has a crush on Todd ? What if this homunculus is acting out what she really wants , but is too afraid to admit to herself ? The homunculus is the personification of her subconscious desires . Wow , that 's why it looks like Todd . Don 't we all want a little Todd for ourselves ? I have a plan . It might be a little bit dangerous for one of us . Now , I 'm not gonna say who it 's gonna be dangerous for , but no matter who it is ... I promise I won 't let anything happen to you . This plan su cks . And I don 't see why I have to be tied to this chair ! Just trust me and read what 's on the cards , okay ? Hi , Todd , do you want to work on our science project today after school ? I can 't ! I 've got a date with Jenny . This isn 't working ! Just , uh , read the next card . Todd , why do you wanna spend quality time with Jenny and not with me ? Jenny has a refreshing personality and I admire all her great qualities . Guys ! My neck 's itchy ! Okay ... new plan . I can 't hang out with you today , and spend quality time with you , because I 'm gonna be spending quanti ty time with Jenny . And we 're gonna be making out , in the parking lot . A lot . Guys ? After we make out we 're going to get buck naked . And our buck naked bodies are gonna wrap around each other like this . And we 're gonna , like , start , like , doing it . And it 's going to be all hot and sweaty and stinky . Then , she 's gonna be like , ' oh , yes , Todd , that 's the best . ' And I 'm gonna be like , ' oh , Jenny , ' 'I 'm so glad I 'm doing you instead of doing Hannah ' . Guys ! 'Oh , yes , please don 't stop , please don 't stop doing that to me ! I like your boobs , they feel squishy . I 'm gonna be like , ' oh yeah , that 's right Jenny ' . 'Squish them some more while I do this to you ' . 'Oh ' Jenny , that 's the best ! ' 'don 't stop ! Hannah has glasses and she 's weird ' . No . No . No ! Noooooo ! Goodbye , tiny Todd . So , I guess my plan saved you from mortal danger , huh ? Is that what you did ? Yeah . Aren 't you gonna , you know ? No , I don 't kno w , what do you want ? Candy in the pants ? I don 't know what that means . And even if I did , I 'd still be grossed out . Do you guys realize that this creature 's cellular structure has no cohesive pattern ? If I could gather enough research , I could write a ... this is a waste of time ! We need to figure out where the homunculus hid the book ! Why do you need to find that book so badly ? Because of my dad . He 's a journalist who went missing last year and after he vanished I started going through his stuff . And I found this old photo that he 'd hidden . It 's the only clue I have to find him . We 'll help you find your dad Jenny . Hannah , we could really use someone with your science smarts in our quest to vanquish evil . Really , I can be in your gang ? We have a gang ? The book of pure evil gang . 'Til death do us part . Yeah . Yeah ! What do we do now ? We make up team handshakes . Or , we decide on our gang colours . Yeah ! Or , maybe we could look for clues . Yeah , we could do that ...
