 Previously on V ... Sarita Malik has gone missing . Find her and identify who 's responsible . They corrupted Tyler 's D.N.A. What do you know about Anna 's plans for him ? - ( Whispers ) Nothing . - Skin her . ( Screaming ) Tried to warn my mom about this priest , Jack Landry , - but she won 't listen to me . - I knew Anna would try and manipulate my interview somehow , but this ... It 's okay , Chad . The Fifth Column holds strong . It 's time you met the others . What did you discover today ? I know who took Malik . I found the Fifth Column . Three peace ambassadors ' bodies were found when they opened the P.A. center this morning , throats slit . They must have been murdered and strung up in the middle of the night . - They 're waiting for us to I.D. them . - Tyler works here . Oh , my God . ( Gasps ) ( Whispers ) It 's not him . It 's not ... it 's not him . The Italians did this to Mussolini at the end of World War II . ( Gasps and sniffles ) They strung him up to brand him a traitor . Looks like somebody in Fifth Column is a student of history . They 've claimed credit already . First , coordinated suicide bombings around the world , now this . ( Man ) I don 't know . What ? Yeah . I don 't know what I 'm seeing . - I don 't know what 's going on . - Oh , my God . Mom ? Hey , hey , hey , hey . Come on . Tyler ! Hey ! He 's fine . - Mom ! - Stop ! You don 't wanna see this . But what happened ? I was supposed to be there . - Those are my friends . - I know . Ty , trust me . I 'm gonna find out who did this . ( Man ) Out of his way . ( Fussing ) ( Door whooshes ) You got the night with your daughter as we agreed . Now it 's morning . The Fifth Column has acted again , killing three of my peace ambassadors . I want you to find out who 's responsible for this and for the abduction of sarita Malik . ( Babbles ) My bliss has alleviated her pain , but it will wear off soon , Ryan . ( Babbles ) A man named Eli Cohn . He commands the faction of the Fifth Column that has Malik . Find them . ( Fussing ) Your daughter 's so peaceful when she 's not in pain . With Malik still missing and this morning 's triple homicide , they 're sticking me with some new hotshot partner from D.C. Great . Another set of eyes on us ... just what we need . And we still haven 't dumped what 's left of lady lizard over there . Well , we can 't just get rid of Malik . The bureau is all over this case . Until they close it , their focus could turn to me , which means us . ( Door opens and closes ) It 's not getting any easier , not until we stop Eli Cohn and his radical Fifth Column . Ryan 's right . Cohn 's out of control . That could 've been Tyler this morning with this throat slit . Yeah , but it wasn 't . You know , we take out Cohn , we lose a huge asset ... his army , his international connections . I 'm not saying we don 't need the help ... just not his help . With Cohn in the picture , we are fighting two enemies here . Yeah , him and Anna . You said the FBI 's got no leads - on his whereabouts . - Mnh . No , Cohn 's ex-Mossad . He 's a ghost . A ghost who is pulling kids off of the street and killing them . I 'm not waiting for my kid to be next . We 'll find Cohn . What if we let him find us ? The first suicide bomber ... his friends attend my church . Now some of them may be Cohn 's people , too . Now what if ... What if I let them know I 'm ready to meet their boss ? ( Telephone ringing ) Take this down to forensics . See if you can get a match . Yes , sir . You get Tyler home okay ? Yeah , he 's freaked out , but he 's hanging in . Look , about this new partner ... I don 't have time - to break in someone new . - Okay , this is the director 's go-to guy . And relax . You already know him . Chris Bolling . Erica Evans . You 're the hotshot agent from D.C. ? Standards are slipping . Can you believe it 's taken the bureau this long to finally put us together ? After the trouble we got into in the academy ? Trouble ? I don 't remember any trouble . I hope you don 't mind I 'm here . No , it 's okay . I am glad to have you . Okay . - I figured I 'd dive right in . - Of course . I 've been looking at everything you 've got on Fifth Column , and I noticed something . Uh , you mind ? Took a step back , looked at it from a wide angle , asked myself , " What sticks out ? " And ... ( Keyboard clicks , beep ) Everywhere I look , this guy keeps popping up ... Jack Landry . I think the good father might be able to tell us something about the peace ambassador murders this morning . Hmm . Topping headlines today , Fifth Column , the anti-V terrorist group responsible for the suicide bombings in each of the 29 cities where visitor ships are present , has now claimed responsibility for the peace ambassador murders in New York City earlier this morning . In addition to the escalation of violence against the visitors , a growing number of religious figures have begun speaking out against the V 's . It remains uncertain as to whether they will ultimately urge acceptance or dissent . Among those leaders , cardinal Janusz Wolichek has been heading up the discussions at the Vatican , but as of yet , no answers . ( Electronic whoosh ) Perhaps we should help this cardinal Wolichek in his search for answers . ( Whirring ) Chad . Thank you for coming on such short notice . It 's nice to know I have someone like you whom I can trust . You still haven 't told me where we 're headed . Why spoil the surprise ? ( Engines winding down ) Besides , we 're already here . ( Whoosh ) ( Loud whirring ) ( Crowd shouting indistinctly ) ( Whoosh ) ( Crowd cheering and whistling ) This is Chad Decker , reporting live from St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City , where in just a few moments , I will join Anna as she meets with cardinal secretary of state , Janusz Wolichek , to discuss the possibility of inviting missionaries onboard mother ships to teach the visitors about humanity 's preeminent religious institutions . Welcome , Anna . On behalf of his holiness , I welcome you to the Vatican . Thank you , cardinal . I 'm humbled by your esteemed presence . This way , please . ( Jack ) Thank you so much for coming . Watch your step . Bye . Thank you for coming . ( Chuckles ) Father . Much more outspoken than usual . Yeah , well , I 'm fed up . Can 't help but feel it 's time to ... It 's time to do something . Starting to sound a lot like the Fifth Column there , father . Maybe so . But more and more , I think I get what those guys are trying to do . How 's Tyler handling what happened this morning ? As well as can be expected . Thank you for asking . So , not to get awkward , but I , uh , heard about your last two partners ... both missing . It 's been a couple of months . Should I be worried ? Depends . You a Mets fan ? If it 'll keep me from going missing , I 'll be whatever you want me to be . When was the last time you talked to this priest ? We hauled him in a few weeks ago , put him through the wringer . I got the same vibe that you did at first . The guy 's got a big mouth , but he 's harmless . Father Landry ? ( Box closes ) Agent , uh ... Evans , is it ? Yes . This is agent Bolling . Hi . We 'd , uh , like to ask you a few questions about the peace ambassador murders this morning . I heard . It 's a ... Tragedy . Most of this , uh , Fifth Column violence ... uh , done by a guy named Eli Cohn . FBI 's been monitoring him . Ever heard of him ? No . Reason we ask is , uh , when it comes to Fifth Column , your name keeps popping up . Really ? How exactly does it keep popping up ? You were a person of interest in the shuttle shoot-down . The healing center suicide bomber claims your words as his inspiration . Like any man of faith , I speak from my heart . That doesn 't mean I 'm advocating violence or that I 'm a threat . But ... you 're no saint . Your army jacket credits you with two kills of enemy combatants in Iraq . That 's not exactly the usual thing for a chaplain , is it ? I did what I had to do to protect fallen soldiers . Military past , outspoken against the V 's ... Take away the collar , father , you fit the Fifth Column profile pretty good . But I do have a collar and a homily to write . So ... unless you have anything more than speculation , you can see yourselves out . ( Under breath ) Waste of time . You 're kidding , right ? ( Scoffs ) He 's hiding something . ( Siren wailing , horns honking in distance ) It has been my pleasure to welcome many a visiting dignitary , but never one as charming nor certainly as ... exotic as you . You flatter me , your eminence . I cannot tell you how much the prospect of introducing your religion to my people excites me . Introducing the visitors to our faith - is an exciting prospect for us as well . - I 'm so pleased to hear that . Before you go , there is one more thing . This morning in New York , three peace ambassadors were killed . The perpetrators , the same group that bombed our healing centers , cited inspiration from one of your parish priests . I 'm sure you would agree that priests shouldn 't use their position to speak out in hate - against any single group . - Certainly not . Then you will understand that before I can recommend your religion to my people , I must ask that you issue a strong condemnation of all your clergy who engage in any form of anti-visitor rhetoric ... An unconditional condemnation , of course . ( Whispering indistinctly ) All I can offer , Anna , is that I will bring your request to the college . That 's all I can ask for , your eminence . That ring that priest wears ... I 've seen it before ... When I was younger . Find out everything you can about him . ( Man , foreign accent ) I 've been keeping an eye on you , father . I 'm glad you finally expressed interest in befriending our cause . It 's time we met . There 's a vacant lot on 6th and Kittridge . Be there at 3 : 00 today . I 'll know if you 're not alone . Israeli . It 's gotta be Cohn . Finally got a bead on him . Nice work , setting yourself up as bait . So Cohn 's hooked . Okay , now how are we gonna get to him ? First meeting , Cohn 's gonna be extra careful . He 'll have his men sweep Jack for tracking devices . Now there 's no way humanly possible for us to trail him . So says the human . V tracking I used when I was a sleeper ... It 's undetectable by human technology . ( Click ) ... To be part of this potentially historic union between the Catholic Church and the visitors . In light of recent anti-V violence , some say this couldn 't have come at a better time . " In light of recent anti-v violence . " Cohn is playing right into Anna 's hands . He 's giving her exactly the ammunition that she needs . If Anna succeeds , that 's a billion catholics supporting the lizards . Now we 're gonna need some friends , even ones like Cohn . We need to at least listen to this guy . He killed three more innocents this morning . He lost that option . 17 dead at the healing center , 3 more this morning ... I 'm not waiting for the next one . ( Bell tolling ) Father . A moment ? These works of art ... They 're quite beautiful . They are . I often like to be here alone with my thoughts , or as alone as one can be in the presence of such magnificent work . This image is ... quite disturbing . What does it represent ? The underworld . Hell ... Where the unrepentant are sent upon their death . Satan , a fallen angel , is surrounded by the souls of the damned . I find it curious that you believe the soul can survive the death of the body . That is the cornerstone of our faith ... That the soul is immortal , meant for everlasting life . The human soul ... interests you ? Yes . Indeed . Very much . For example , do you believe the body can exist without the soul ? It is the soul that makes us human . Without it , well , we would be nothing more than animals . ( Dog barking in distance ) Tyler , you 've gotta stop looking at this . You 're just driving yourself crazy . ( Beeps ) It 's priests like him that are inciting the Fifth Column . My friends are dead because of it . I 'm not a proponent of violence of any kind , against anyone , certainly not ... ( Laptop closes ) Hey . Let 's get away from all this for a while , okay ? Let 's go do something . You 're right . I shouldn 't just sit here . I should do something . Tyler , where are you going ? Payback for my friends who were killed this morning , starting with father Jack Landry . Tyler , you don 't even know that he 's responsible . He 's preaching anti-V hate . That 's good enough . Tyler . Tyler ! Going in by yourself 's dangerous , Jack . You okay with that ? Well , like you said this morning , I fit the profile for this kind of thing . ( Sighs ) Why didn 't you tell me about Iraq ? Two kills ? Talking about it ... Isn 't going to undo it . ( Sighs ) Your new partner 's good , which is not good for us . ( Chuckles ) No , it 's not . He 's one of the best . Magnesium compound . It 'll help us track you . ( Sighs ) Locked and loaded . Let 's do this . This is where Cohn said to meet . Where the hell is he ? ( Vehicle approaches ) ( Brakes squeal ) Surprise , surprise , eh , father ? ( Jack ) Not really . Sorry , but we gotta take precaution . He 's clean . Let 's go ! ( Tires peal ) ( Electronic whoosh ) He 's headed south . ( Gears shift , tires peal ) Tyler , this isn 't right . We shouldn 't be here . No , Lisa . It 's time we sent them a message of our own . Well , you 're scaring me . Why ? For standing up for you , for the visitors ? Right ? ! ( Clatter ) ( Can hissing ) Tyler , stop ! ( Beep ) Stop ! This is the house of God ! ( Wood clatters ) Aah ! Help . ( Grunting ) Your suspicions about Moreau were correct . ( Electronic whir ) He is one of us ... a sleeper . And he failed to identify himself to me . What else do you know about him ? He was dispatched to earth by the previous queen , your mother . His last contact was 15 years ago . According to this , his assignment was to study human emotion and its effect on our species . After all these years , I wonder what he 's learned about emotions and the soul . Make sure he returns with us when we leave . The college is prepared to render its decision . ( Indistinct conversations ) ( Whispers ) She 's here . Anna ... I am sorry , but after careful deliberation with the full college of cardinals , we will not condemn those clergy who feel called upon to ... speak their minds . Your eminence , distinguished company , in this short time that I have been among humans , I 've come to understand the simple power that faith holds . But its simplicity is also its weakness . Why do over a billion followers look to you and your church for answers ? Because the answers lie here . Because they believe the answers lie here . - And why do they believe that ? - Their faith requires it . But their faith in your institution is born from proof . Countless moments , large and small , over the centuries , that fuel their faith ... You call them miracles . Our gifts to the people of earth ... the healing centers , blue energy , red rain ... merely products of highly advance science . But also viewed as miracles by many . It would be tragic for centuries of faith to suddenly turn from you to me , all because I can be mistaken for someone with answers . Believe me , that 's not something I want . But how many more miracles do you think it would take for your followers to look to me ? One a day ? Two ? ( Electronic whooshing ) ( Electricity crackling ) ( Crackling stops ) I only ask that you re-evaluate your decision ... In the name of faith , of course . We 've just received word that the college of cardinals has voted unanimously to welcome the visitors as potential members of the church and will issue a statement shortly condemning all anti-V rhetoric among its clergy . Anna now looks forward to meeting with leaders from other major religions , hoping for a similar welcome . ( Indistinct conversations ) Your eminence . - Excuse me . - Yes , Mr. Decker , what do you need ? There was a-a priest by your side earlier . I wanted to say good-bye , but I can 't seem to find him . Yes . Father Moreau . I have been informed that he 's volunteered to be the first missionary amongst the visitors . He 's leaving with Anna . ( Grunting ) ( Grunting ) ( Crack ) ( Grunts ) Hello , father Landry . I 'm Eli Cohn . Jack ! Fire in the hole ! ( Explosion ) ( Coughing ) ( Grunts ) Drop your weapon . Step away . Three against one , mate . Make the smart move . I got a good shot on him , Erica . Erica ? Evans ? What , you don 't think I do my homework ? No FBI flak . Obviously off the grid on this one . And since I 'm not dead ... You must be Fifth Column . We 're all on the same side , are we not ? That 's what we 're here to find out . Difference is ... unlike you , we don 't kill innocent people . They 're not innocent people . They 're collaborators . So that 's your answer ... to murder your own kind ? There are some things you just don 't do , even in war . This isn 't like any war we 've ever fought . You see , Anna ... She needs our cooperation . That 's the only way she can use us ... - for breeding . - For breeding . How do you know this ? How do you know it ? 18 years ago , my wife suffered through a difficult pregnancy . She delivered a healthy baby , but ... he died suddenly . He was only a few months old . I wouldn 't accept that there was no explanation , so I investigated her doctor , and come to find out , he 's been working with the visitors . They did something to my wife when she was pregnant . They did something to my son . I 'm not a monster , Erica . ( Bell tolling , crowd speaking indistinctly ) Father . Mr. Decker . You know who I am . Of course , as does the world . You claim to be a true friend to Anna and the visitors , spreading their message like a prophet . I noticed how you reacted to Anna today . You were bothered by her presence at the Vatican , weren 't you ? As were you . I don 't understand . I was told that you volunteered to be the first missionary to the visitors . That was a story that Anna created . Who are you ? Just a faithful soul . No , it 's more than that , isn 't it ? Let me help you . No . My fate is already sealed . But yours is not . Whatever feelings you have about Anna , trust them . Keep up your fight . ( Door whooshes ) ( Crowd speaking indistinctly ) God be with you . ( whooshes ) ( Electronic beeping and whirring ) What information have you extracted from his memory ? None , I 'm afraid . He seems to possess some inner strength that allows him to fight memory retrieval . Leave me . ( Electronic beeping ) Both of you . ( Electronic humming ) ( Electronic whoosh ) ( Panting ) You 've been infected by human emotion . Is that why you didn 't identify yourself to me at the Vatican ? I was given explicit orders to report only to my queen . I am your queen . All this time , you 've been studying human emotions and the soul . I demand that you tell me everything you 've discovered . I would only tell Diana what I 've learned . You wanna see your queen ? She 's in hell ... Like other souls of the damned . Maybe we can work something out here . This doesn 't have to end badly for you . Doesn 't have to end badly for any of us if you join me . Anna was at the Vatican today . She 's making big moves . - We need to do the same . - Big moves ? Like the three kids you strung up this morning ? More suicide bombers ? How many more innocent souls do you plan to take ? My faith taught me to value every soul . But ... in this kind of war ... I 've had to learn to adapt ... Compromise , make sacrifices . - And so will you . - You know what ? Maybe we can use this guy . Malik 's body . What are you talking about ? Erica , you want someone responsible for this morning 's peace ambassador murders . We need someone to pin Malik 's death on and close the investigation ... Two birds with one stone . Yeah . He 's right , Erica . I think there 's a way we can cement this new bond of ours . We have no bond . I will give you the two men who killed the peace ambassadors . You can use them as scapegoats for your partner 's disappearance . They 'll be in this cabin here tonight at 9 : 00 ready to take the fall . And why would they do that ? I already told you , father . Sacrifice . We have a deal ? ( Footsteps approach , water dripping ) Go to your queen . Piers ? I thought that you were dead , my queen . Make him tell us everything he knows about the soul . It 's okay . Tell me what you know . Yes , my queen . Years ago , you tasked me with determining the risk of human emotion contaminating our species . Among all those that we have bred with , it is now my determination that the human soul is truly unique . It is not a curse . But it is , in fact , the greatest gift our species has ever found . We must not run from it . We must embrace it and make it part of us . For 15 years , I have been confined in this place . All those years , I 've never lost hope . Never lost the will to live . It was the soul that sustained you , my queen . And if protected , it will sustain our species in the future . Enough . I will use what you know to eradicate the soul . When you 're being skinned inch by inch , you 'll tell me everything . Indeed , I probably would . I am grateful that it will be you , my queen . ( Shrieks ) ( Squishing and crunching ) ( Grunting ) ( Thud ) ( Hisses ) ( Whispers ) What have you done ? I gave a loyal servant the honorable death he deserved . He 's right , daughter . The soul is not a curse . It is a blessing , and we must not deny our species this gift . Congratulations , mother . You just killed your only ally . I refuse to believe that our only chance to stop Anna lies in joining up with someone like Eli Cohn . Time to start believing , father . Our merry little band just ain 't cutting it . Look , I don 't like him any more than you do , all right ? But if we could use him to tie up Malik 's death and blame it on somebody else , that 's an offer we just can 't pass up . We have to close the Malik investigation , and I want the men who murdered those peace ambassadors this morning . ( Sighs ) It 's always that first bite of the apple . ( Door opens ) ( Jack ) My God . What happened ? Anybody hurt ? No . Three teenagers . Happened so quick , I didn 't really see anything . ( Broom sweeping , clatter ) What 'd the police say ? I didn 't call the authorities . I didn 't wanna bring any more attention on to you . Me ? ( Clatter ) It 's your anti-V rhetoric that 's turned our church into a target . You did this , Jack . ( Cell phone alert chimes ) ( Chime ) ( Beep ) ( Siren wailing , horns honking in distance ) Erica . Kendrick said you were back . Thank you for covering me . I got to spend some time with Tyler . Look , Erica , we 're not just partners . We 're friends . It is nice to have someone that I can ... Trust ? Did you get anywhere in our investigation ? I 'm going after the surveillance warrants for that priest . And ? It 's gonna take a couple of days , but I 'll get ' em . Five Brothers Textiles . That 's the suicide bomber investigation , yeah ? Yeah . It 's the last place Malik and I were checking out before she was abducted . I did what you suggested . I took a step back and I gave old evidence a fresh , wide-angle look . This ... this stuck out . A receipt ? On the other side , there 's a number , and I thought it was an address or a partial phone number , but " wide angle " got me thinking , so I put the number through a substitution cipher , and I got a hit on the result with the tri-state D.M.V. It 's a plate number for a blue van . Witnesses at the peace ambassador murders I.D. ' d a blue van leaving the scene . I got the address , too . It 's a cabin ... Upstate New York . Wide angle . ( Vehicle approaches ) FBI ! Get down ! Get down ! Erica ! Oh , my God . Malik . I 'm sorry . Your partner deserved better . Yeah . I wasn 't able to get Malik out alive . And the Fifth Column who killed her ? An anonymous call , pointed the FBI in the right direction . And Malik 's true identity was not compromised ? She never broke . I disposed of her remains , and I brought that back to you for proof . Now bliss my daughter . Not yet . We had a deal . I still need something from you . Getting this brought you in proximity to Eli Cohn , correct ? Correct . Good . I want you to get close to him . Get him to trust you . You want Cohn so bad , why don 't you just take him out yourself ? I don 't want just him . I want all of them . I want you to infiltrate his organization , become my eyes and ears . And when the time comes , you will help me destroy them all . ( Door opens ) ( Door closes ) ( TV playing indistinctly ) Need a hand ? ( Sighs ) With vandalism , no . But with this ... of Anna 's visit to the Vatican , church officials have issued a statement condemning all anti-V rhetoric from clergy worldwide . Effective immediately , the Vatican pledges that intolerance against the visitors will be dealt with swiftly and severely . ( TV turns off , remote control thuds ) Are you gonna be okay ? Probably not , because I 'm not gonna stop speaking out . That 's Tyler 's phone . Wh ... ( Father Travis ) This is the house of God ! ( Glass shattering ) ( Crash ) This is the house of God ! ( Voice breaking ) I 'm so sorry , Jack . This is not the boy that I raised . I know . I feel like I 'm losing him , Jack . I ... I need help . I 'll do anything I can . ( Both sigh ) ( Telephone ringing in distance ) Any problem pushing through that surveillance order this afternoon ? No . I pulled footage from every traffic camera near Jack Landry 's church . You asked me to tell you if I noticed anything suspicious about Erica Evans . Said she hadn 't spoken to him in weeks . This was taken , uh ... Four days ago . ( Speaking inaudibly ) ( Key clicks ) You gonna be okay with this assignment , Bolling ? I know you two are friends . That 's why you asked for me , isn 't it ?
