 He gave the order to take us out and kill us all , men and women alike . We had no choice . We call them Advanced Cultivars . Why did we develop them in the first place ? Some of the early-pattern ACs came with the advance military missions to test survivability . We were looking for genetic patterns to help us survive . What do you want from me , Rudi ? To tell you face to face that some day I shall destroy you . It has been suggested you be given a place on General Council . Second chance . That 's what this place is all about . That 's Berger for you . If he were straightforward , it wouldn 't be a problem . I consider myself at war with your people , but not with you . If you ever want to speak to me , send up a flare from beyond the perimeter . It 'll be seen . What did Rudi speak to you about ? The day they thought they were all going to die . We all thought we were going to die . My children DID die . Look ! What do you want ? Don 't take another step ! - I 'm going in . - OK . Who are you ? What are you doing here ? I said don 't move . ' .. And they 've been kind enough to confirm the rumours 'that were flying around Forthaven . 'Beyond the city walls , alive and well , are a bunch of supermen . 'They 're called the Advanced Cultivars and apparently they 're angry ... 'very angry . 'So thanks for that , Mr President . 'Guess we 'll all be sleeping with the light ... ' Expeditionaries called it in around dawn . Seems like he must have been caught out there when a whiteout hit . Poor bastard . Concussion , mild head trauma . If he 's wounded , shouldn 't he be in the medical centre ? Let 's just say , at this stage , it 's wise to take precautions . Are you not going to let him return to the AC camp ? When the time is right , of course . I think the ACs know that they 're only alive because Mitchell disobeyed Council orders . They 're not going to forget that . And until I 'm sure his presence in this city is an accident ... I 'll make sure PAS keeps an eye on him . Thank you , Cass . Did you go to bed or did you spend the whole night working ? No , of course I went to bed . Thanks for your concern , though . In an ideal world , you know , there 'd be a sunflower growing in this . You probably don 't remember , but you used to love them when you were little . Before you go out , there 's something I 've been meaning to give you . I , um ... .. I had this made for you when I arrived . It 's , um ... It was the first time I 'd stepped onto this planet , the first rock I picked up . It 's stupid , really , but , um ... I saved it for when you arrived . Like I said , it 's stupid , really . Well , then , good luck with the work . Figured you might be hungry . Yeah , not exactly gourmet dining , but it 'll do the job . We 're low on seed samples . We 've used thousands , but our success rate is still only in double figures . And when we run out , we can 't go back for more - gone for ever . So many species lost . I 've been running modifications on them , seeing if I can find a way to ... I just don 't understand how some seem to flourish , but most fail . As with the ACs . Seemingly able to reproduce despite the sterility programme , yet we struggle . Yup . Only one reported pregnancy in four months - Marie Doherty . I 'm continuing to perform tests on the samples we took from the AC baby , but I need more data . The AC in the secure centre ? You want to run tests on him as well ? Yes . Richard , they 're not toys for us to play with . Agreed . And I don 't want to do anything to cause him harm or discomfort , but DNA samples from a grown male would be very useful . We 're trying to ensure the future of our race , and that has to come above everything else . Richard , are you OK ? I 'm fine . Are you injured ? Damn it ! We 've got a runaway . AC has escaped , heading into the belly of the transporter . PAS are making sure all the exits are sealed . I need you to find him , Cass , as fast as you can , but approach with caution , you hear me ? I 'll do my best . It 's like a maze down here . Are you OK ? Have you been in an accident ? I don 't know . Come on , then . Let 's get you cleaned up . It 's OK . Don 't worry . Right . There we are . Now , stand still , you . - No ! - It 's just water . You 're one of them , aren 't you ? An AC . Do you have a name ? Elijah . That 's a nice name , that . Now , you stop squirming about . I had to do this all the time for my kids before ... Well , we were unlucky . No ! Please ... no ! Not sleep , please . Get up , please . Please not sleep . Please . Please , get up . Please ! Please ! Whoa ! Whoa ! Slow down . Where are you going ? More chance of finding him if we spread out . Look , you didn 't see the size of this fella . It 's not my fault if you can 't keep up . Sure , I know , but I 'd just be less worried if you were behind me . Do you hear that ? Need a medic , fast as you can . Sluice room , corridor 5 , lower transporter . She 's still breathing . It 's not his fault . He was just scared . Try not to talk , please . An exit door 's been found damaged and open on the lower south section . So he 's out there on the loose in Forthaven . You knew he was a danger . That 's why you had him put in the secure centre . I knew he had a history of aggressive behaviour , but nothing like this . A call 's gone out to all PAS officers for a city-wide search . Public opinion about the ACs is still confused . We just don 't want to cause a panic . I would say an aggressive AC and a badly wounded woman is every reason to panic . Which is why we want to bring him in quickly and quietly , minimum force . Will she be all right ? The cleaner ? We don 't know . Medical staff are doing everything they can . Let 's just focus on the job . Be careful out there . Understand ? What do you think ? Not going to win any art awards , that 's for sure . It 's a landing memorial . You can see it from here , look . Incredible job , people , losing an AC . That 's quite an achievement . You picked him up this morning . Did he say anything to you ? Anything at all ? We didn 't get a chance to have a good old chitchat , unless he was faking it . Let 's hope not . Just give me the nod , I 'll have my team out scouring the city . We live and breathe this sort of thing . We 'll have the AC bagged and tagged by the end of the day . It 's not a hunting party . We 're to bring him in alive . He 's attacked once . Wouldn 't be surprised if he does it again . You know how it works . The fence and beyond - that 's your watch . Everything inside is PAS . That worries me even more . We can deal with it . Look , I 'm not suggesting we run round the streets guns a-blazing . Although I have a feeling you might quite enjoy that . At least warn the public . Causing panic isn 't an answer . So it 's softly-softly all the way ? I 'm not sanctioning an execution out there . You were the one who sent them away from the city . You ordered Mitchell to wipe them out . I 'm also the one who offered to help them , should they choose to accept it . Which just tells me that you don 't understand them any more . Mitchell spared the ACs because he took pity on them . They respected Mitchell for who he was . But you , me , Forthaven ... they despise us . We 're the enemy . For all we know , this is war . While we appreciate your offer of help , this isn 't your jurisdiction . It 's Stella 's call . It 's still a PAS operation . We 'll do it their way . I 'm Julius Berger , member of the General Council . I just really wanted to stop by and say personally how sorry I am , how sorry we all are . You can be assured that I will not rest until this perpetrator is brought to justice . but we do need your help . You can tell the people what this animal did to you . Warn them of the dangers so when he 's finally caught , he can never do harm to anyone ever again . No . I don 't think you fully understand the situation . This thing that attacked you , it 's not the only one . I know what it is you want me to do ... .. but I know what I saw . He didn 't mean to do it . He was scared . Like a child . Stupid woman . You don 't know anything . At all . You know , there 's this great old Earth custom of knocking on the door before coming in . - You should have locked it , then . - Hmm . Good point . Maybe them streets aren 't safe any more . - I 'm Lily , I 'm ... - Stella Isen 's daughter . Yeah , I 've seen you about . I 'm sure my mother 's got a law against noise pollution . Your ma 's all right . A fine woman . For a PAS scumbag , you know . - This was sitting outside for you . - What is it ? See you , then . This is Radio Free Carpathia ... .. and I 'm the idiot who 's come into some knowledge . Not for my eyes and definitely not for your ears . But I 've got to ask myself , if I was you folks out there , would I want to hear about this ? And unfortunately the answer is yes . OK , so ... You know those Advanced Cultivars ? The mythical men they 've kept secret from us for such a long time ? It would seem one of them was in Forthaven yesterday . And while he was here , he attacked and injured some poor woman . But here 's the kicker . They didn 't manage to catch him . He 's on the loose right here , right now . Look , you know me . I like to play a few tunes , have a laugh . I don 't want to cause any trouble . So I 'll just say this . Watch your backs . Oh , and if you see him ... run . Run like hell . How the hell did he get hold of that information ? Well , someone in your department obviously leaked it . I 'll find out who . - This is not good . - I know . I 've been to the medicentre . Thankfully it seems that Sarah 's going to make a complete recovery . For that , at least , we can be grateful . - You blame yourself , don 't you ? - Of course . If we don 't find Elijah soon , if we 're not seen to be doing something , then we 'll have lost Forthaven 's trust for good . And if that happens , we 're finished . Anything ? I just thought maybe the drawing meant something . Yeah . I always feel a bit weird looking at this . Imagine what it must have been like for him . Patrick Baxter , first man to set foot on Carpathia . Steps out of this shuttle , hoping to God or whoever that the ground didn 't just disappear beneath his feet . Fleur ? Fleur ! Ugh ! Help ! Get out of the way ! Help ! Fleur ! Hold on ! Please don 't make me go back there . Promise me . Please . I promise . Wait ! I don 't think you 're going to need that . I 'll take my chances . What happened ? - Him . - I can 't go back there . You don 't have a choice . Not after what you 've done . So let 's not make this difficult for both of us , yeah ? They 'll make the green light go red . What green light ? The green light was good . It told me that I was safe and that everything was OK . But then the red light ... What ? In the secure centre ? The one you escaped from ? No , not there . A long time ago . Look , I 'm not going back there . You promised . And then ... Something 's not right about this . I 've seen killers , but they all run when the time comes . To turn around and save someone when they could 've escaped ... What do you think happened to him ? I don 't know . That man ... The one you were talking to . Tate . Now I see him again , I know I 'm not safe . I know I 'm not safe at all . Whatever we 're gonna do , we can 't do it here . We need to get inside . Elijah . You hurt someone . Do you understand that ? I know . But I not there . You didn 't do it ? Yes ... .. but I not there . You said Tate lied to you . I wanted to be like the others . Tate said I would be . Said I would have to wait ... .. and I could be with my brothers and sisters again . Every day , every night for so long ... Everything was different after that . What did they do to him ? I don 't know . One person does . Tate . You 've got full access to his office . Whatever happened to him , it 'll be in there . Not sure our president would appreciate me rummaging about . He doesn 't have to know . No , we should bring him in . Cass , I know your history with Tate , but we 've been lied to before . And we don 't know what they did to him or what they 'd do to him if he was returned . God , I hate it when you 're right . Elijah ... .. I need you to trust us . Are you going to take me back ? No , not ... Not yet . - You promise ? - Yes . We promise . Don 't do anything stupid . Stay by the door . If he even moves , you get out of here . Understand ? Thank you , Cass . Cass ? You missed the security meeting . I was out looking for the AC . I figured it was more important . I appreciate your dedication . Just doing my job . Look , nobody said what happens when we find the AC . When we bring him in . Well , as you know , certain modifications were made to the ACs . With Elijah , we went further , and I 'm worried that this may be the root of his behavioural problems . But that 's something you can reverse . On Earth maybe , but with the resources here ... - hopefully he 'll rehabilitate ... - Hopefully ? We could just set him free , you know , send him scurrying back to the ACs ' camp . I 'd need to be sure that he 's not going to come back here and put our people in danger . The safety of Forthaven has to come above all , and that 's what I need you for . It means a lot to me . If there 's one thing rock and roll has taught us , my friends , it 's that you can 't trust the man . But at least you can trust old Tipper here to play you some decent tunes while you wrestle with your paranoia ... GUNSHOT You could just knock , you know . I didn 't think you 'd trust " the man " enough to open it . Well , I like to think you and me have a ... special understanding . Well , in that case , you won 't mind telling me where you got the information about the AC . I can 't reveal my sources , Stella . Vinyl ! Can 't beat it . Every scratch , every pop , every jump becomes part of the song . It becomes something more . It 's a bit of our heritage . You wouldn 't . Telling the truth isn 't a crime . Not yet . And do you think that 's the way people would like to hear it ? Would you believe me if I said ... .. I didn 't want to tell you for your own good ? No , I wouldn 't . Only because you asked me , but I 'm sorry , all right ? Why are you sorry ? It was Lily . It was your daughter . We shouldn 't be here . We should be the ones hunting down the AC . I guess someone needs to lay the pipes to keep the water supply going . Yeah , I agree , someone does . But this is donkey work . This is beneath us . Something has to change around here . Yeah . Mitchell wouldn 't have stood for this . Jack ? What now ? What is it ? Take a look . Elijah , have you ever hurt anyone before ? The others understand me . Rudi makes sure they do , makes sure I 'm safe . Makes sure they 're safe from me . All right ? Got it . They experimented on him . On the neural pathways that lead to the amygdala . You 're mistaking me for someone who speaks Science . It 's an area of the brain 's temporal lobe . It affects the learning and processing of responses to danger , to fear . The perfect worker for an unstable planet . But in day-to-day life , unable to control his reactions . They could never have known what would happen to him . - Even so , Cass . - I know , but I don 't like lying to Tate . And it isn 't our job to decide these things . Will he be safe if we bring him in ? I can 't promise that , Fleur . Elijah said Rudi knew how to control him . If I could get him back there ... I 'm sure the ACs will be delighted to see me strolling into their camp . I can contact Rudi . You wait here with Elijah . We have our orders . So you 'd happily walk him in , have his blood on your hands ? I just don 't like the idea of you going out there alone . You won 't stop me . And you 'll be here when I get back . Do you recognise this ? You stole it from me . I know why you did it . You wanted to hurt me to see how I 'd react , what I 'd do . But this goes beyond me , Lily - the trouble that this leak could cause . You have no idea what it was like , being left behind . Well , then , please will you tell me something about yourself ? The night of my fifth birthday , I had this terrible nightmare . Dad spent the whole night up with me . He made me talk it through . He made me understand that ... it was all in my head , that it couldn 't hurt me . And you 'll never know what that nightmare was . It 's too late . I think you 're right , Lily . I think it is too late . I can 't do this any more . I think it 's better that you find somewhere else to stay . For now . You 're right . Maybe it would be best if I found somewhere else . Is there some reason I wasn 't informed of a private security meeting ? Yes . It was private , and it didn 't concern you . Oh , I like to think everything in Forthaven is my concern . I could be of use to you if you let me , Richard . You 're part of the Council , Julius . It doesn 't mean you need to see all and hear all . Nevertheless , I do my part . Having a small candle-lit vigil for poor injured woman , Sarah , in the hopes that some element of prayer might aid in her recovery . Well , I 'll put my faith in the skills of our medical staff . Look , even if my beliefs are misplaced , what do I lose by having faith ? Nothing . It brings me peace , it gives me hope that when I slide into the darkness there will be light at the end . Tell me , President Tate ... .. what do you have to look forward to ? Dinner . What 's it like ? Being you ? You know , an AC ? It 's just hard for people here to understand your lot . How similar we are , or not . I mean ... You know , you feel like us , right ? - You laugh , cry , fall in love . - Love . Yeah ... You know , it 's like when ... It 's ... Oh , well done , Cass You know , it 's like when a boy meets a girl and there 's this ... feeling . You 're messing with me , ain 't ya ? I think we 're not so different . We both laugh ... cry ... .. love . Sounds like there 's a special someone out there for you . Another AC back at your camp ? She 's very beautiful . Strong . Her eyes are like ... stars . Does she feel the same way ? I don 't know . I 've never spoken to her . No , sorry , I don 't mean ... It 's just ... You know , both of us standing up here worrying about whether that special girl likes us or not . Easy , big guy , it 's just a storm . I said easy . Please . If you 're there , say something . Please . Oof ! Ooh ! You 're awake . Yes , I am . Thank you . I hurt you . It 's getting worse all the time . What if you 're back home , amongst your own people , though ? Maybe it 's best if I 'm kept away from everyone . So you 'd come in with me , right now ? I trust you . Cass ! - I 'm OK . - What happened ? Oh , you know , boys ' night out , bit of rough and tumble . You 'll be safe now . Do you know what was done to him ? Yeah , I know . That 's why he shouldn 't be here now . The sooner I can take him back ... They 're not just gonna let us walk out of here with him . They switch shifts on the guard posts in an hour . - If we time it right ... - They 'll spot you a mile off . You need someone to delay them , a distraction . Fleur , Elijah 's getting worse . He even says so himself . All the more reason for us to get him out of here . Cass . Yeah . You really think you can keep him under control ? What if he stumbles back in here again , hurts someone else ? He won 't . Maybe you don 't understand him as well as you think . He 's one of my people . He doesn 't need control . He needs space , to be left alone . I 'll make sure everything 's set . You wait for me to return . I 've been out there , Richard . It 's not pretty - the people are losing faith in you . As is their right . You need your fellow Council members to put on a public show of support . I 'm willing to do that , to stand up , to be counted , to say that I have absolute trust in you . No . Richard , you 're drowning . I 'm offering you my hand . Are you so stubborn that you would turn it down ? I know you , Julius . You wouldn 't help a drowning man unless there was something in it for you . The way I see it ... Sorry , the way the people see it , your PAS squads have singularly failed to track down and capture this dangerous creature . Whether you want my help or not , I don 't think you have a choice . The AC isn 't on the loose . We 've had him under lockdown out there since morning . We 're getting set to bring him in . We have to make sure nothing interferes with the task in hand . I 'm afraid your grandstanding will have to wait for another day . Do you really think you can keep their support , after all of this ? It does cast a shadow over the whole AC programme , raises questions about those involved . And those who gave the go-ahead to the programme at the time . Wouldn 't look too good for you , either . You did the right thing coming to see me . It doesn 't feel like it . Then why did you ? Elijah - he 's smarter than you think , more self-aware . He knows he 's a danger and he seems to feel he 's getting worse , more out of control . Cass , I know this is difficult for you and I don 't blame you for looking out for his welfare , but I promise you no harm will come to him . We 'll find a way to make him better , whatever it takes . We owe him that much , for what was done . She 's not going to forgive me for this . Please tell me you 're not going to bring him in alone . Who told you ? Berger . He has his concerns . So do I. Take in a PAS squad to form a perimeter , flush out Elijah , the target . Take him down quickly and safely . Tranq shots . It 's not a bad plan of action , so long as you 're sure your men can contain him . It 's not a normal person we 're dealing with here . I can 't risk him getting loose in the city again . He 's a danger . He doesn 't mean to be , but ... It 's your op . Your call . If you need a second line of defence , well , that 's your call as well . The XPs don 't have authority within the fence . No , we don 't . You do . Look , you 've got options if you want them . I 'm sure a pair of losers like us can put aside our differences for that . 'Confirm perimeter one secured . ' 'Second perimeter in position . ' 'No movement inside . ' 'Confirm , tranquillisers only . ' Don 't screw this up , Cass . Everything fine ? All set . It wasn 't easy , but you got your window of opportunity . Are you sure ? We can stay and talk , or we can get moving . You 'll be all right , I promise . Don 't worry , I understand . - Stay away from the window . - What ? Just step back , cover your eyes . No , Cass ! Please , no ! No ! I 'm going in ! No ! Where is he ? Cass ! They 're not going to hurt him . Tranq shots . Come on ! Come on ! - Agh ! - Elijah ! Jack ! No ! Stand down , Jack . That 's an order - stand down ! I promised him . I know . What happened to Rudi ? He 's returned to his camp , his people . Whether there will be repercussions for this or not , it 's too early to say . Would you blame them ... after what we 've done ? You could at least be angry with me . I disobeyed orders , went behind your back . And I need people like you . Questioning . Refusing to accept answers if they 're not convinced . There 's no place for me here any more . And if I thought that were true , I would gladly show you the door . We do what we have to , Fleur . To survive . You were not authorised to open fire . If it wasn 't for me , we 'd be dragging home the dead body of a PAS officer . I was there to support Cass . I did what was necessary . We 're all in the same team here . Somehow I find that difficult to believe . I found this . Buried deep out beyond the fence . I think when you look at it , you 'll change your mind about how useful the expeditionaries really are . See , I did bolt the door , but some genius popped the lock off . What 's going on ? I need a place to stay . Oh , no , no ! This is Tipper Central , not a doss house for waifs and strays . Oh , I 'm sorry . Bloody hell ! It 's like kicking a kitten in the bollocks . Go on , then . House rules . Don 't touch my vinyl , don 't use up all the hot water , and don 't hand me over any more bloody official documents . One shot , I hear . Impressive . It was necessary . I 'm sure it was . But , you know , it might be better for us to play things a little more subtly from now on . Us ? Friends in high places , Jack . We both know things need to change around here , and I very much would like you to be a part of that . I 'll see you soon . Elijah 's body will be returned to the AC camp so they can bury him in their own way . A small , useless gesture on our part . You know , I almost envy them , free out there . With all we 're dealing with , I rarely get to go outside the fence these days . Not like when we were here first . Standing out there , eyes wide open , a whole new planet before us . The only time I was ever comfortable out there , I ... was with the boys . I wanted to tell them about the rock formations , why they were different from Earth , but of course all they wanted to do was run around , play . Richard ... Jack found something . Out beyond the fence . How long has that been there ? We 're talking tens of thousands of years . Are you saying humans have been here before ? I don 't know . I don 't know , but this ... This changes everything . I was trying to protect you . Protect us all . Elijah told me himself , he was getting worse , he was a danger . And Tate promised ... He promised he 'd help him . I never thought it would end like that . - You lied to me . - Yes . I did . Your first loyalty is always going to be to Tate . Even though I understand that ... .. I 'm never going to trust you again , Cass . Never . Yes , you will . What makes you so sure ? Because if you 're ever stupid enough to ask for my help again , you know I 'll be there to give it . No matter what . Fleur ... Don 't talk any more , please . I know you 're sorry . And I 'm sorry I couldn 't protect Elijah . And just for a moment , I want to forget about being so damn sorry all the time . What can I do for you ? She 's at Tipper 's . That 's not really your concern . No , I suppose it 's not . But for better , for worse , she listens to me . She seems to respect me . She should be here , with her mother . I wish I shared your confidence . Lily needs to learn boundaries . She 'll understand sooner or later . I 'll do my best to make her see how lucky she is to have someone who cares for her the way you do . I do understand ... more than ever , that here in Forthaven on Carpathia , the children are the future . It 's not the future I 'm worried about . It 's the past . I miss you so much . I miss you all so much . I know you 're not real . I know you 're not my children . Can 't be . It 's OK , I ... I don 't want you to leave . If you want , you can go and play . Just don 't leave me yet . Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd Email subtitling @ bbc. co. uk
