 How many times have I warned you your hatred would cost you your faith ? The hostage has now been identified as Erica Evans . I have no illusions I 'm gonna walk out of here alive . - But you and John Fierro must . - You want me to leave ? - Prove me right about you , Erica Evans . - You betrayed your friends . - I can never forgive you . - I have an assignment for you from Anna ... Bring this within 100 yards of Eli Cohn 's building . ( Whoosh ) If you would have stopped the Fifth Column , then maybe Dad would be alive ! ( Loud slap ) Tyler ... I can 't tell you how sorry I am about your father 's death . Thomas tells me you 've adapted nicely to life on the mother ship ... That you 've embraced the pilot training program . Yes . Everything 's been great up here . Thank you . Before one can begin deep space flight , all pilots must take one final physical examination . A formality , of course . It all starts here . ( Clipper buzzing ) The examination will assess Tyler 's D.N.A. to assure that he 's medically ready . Have Joshua report back with the results immediately . Yes , my Queen . Finally , everything 's falling into place . Eli Cohn and the Fifth Column have been obliterated . Marcus will recover from his injuries . Concordia moves forward . Soon , the landing sites for our breeding ships can begin construction , and with Tyler aboard , we can begin the next phase of interbreeding . ( Door squeaks ) I 'm surprised you didn 't bring a hatbox . Don 't worry . I won 't crowd your closet space . I 'll leave plenty of room for all your cool black t-shirts . ( Chuckles ) Yeah . Look , Hobbes ... Thanks for the offer to let me stay here . It 's only temporary until I can find a place . You know , twelve years in the church , and my whole life fits into two duffel bags . ( Door closes ) What 's the over-under on you two killing each other within the week ? Erica , I 've been trying to reach you . You okay ? I 'm fine . Thanks . Have you talked to Tyler ? Not since Joe 's funeral . He 's on the ship . He won 't return my calls . I don 't wanna talk about it . I 'm sorry . ( Knock on door ) Who the hell is that ? That is Fierro ... Eli 's man . I asked him to meet us here . You gave him my address ? We need to trust this guy . He is our only conduit to the army we need to take Anna down . You are still on bereavement leave . Are you sure you 're ready to jump back into this ? Anna wants a war . I 'm gonna give her one . Let him in . ( Buzzer sounds , door squeaks ) ( Door closes ) John Fierro , this is Kyle Hobbes , Jack Landry ... My top lieutenants . Good to meet you . Well , I walked through fire with Eli . - If he trusted you , then so do I. - I 'm glad to hear it , because I am ready to assume leadership of the Fifth Column , as Eli requested . There 's a small group of trusted lieutenants from around the world . Eli relied on them . In the wake of his death , they 're gathering in Bangkok to strategize . You need to be there . Fake I.D.s have gotten me - in and out of the East a time or two . - ( Erica ) I guess we 're going to Bangkok . How do we get started ? ( Beeping ) His vitals are excellent , but his phosphorus levels are not as high as they need to be . Red Rain should have infused him with more than enough phosphorus for interbreeding . ( Joshua ) Every human 's biology is unique . Tyler 's body appears to be rejecting the surge of phosphorus . Administer a concentrated dose to him . I cannot guarantee Tyler will absorb enough to make him viable . We may have to alter our plans . Have the backup candidates been tested ? Rafael , a young man from Barcelona . He is our most promising . Arrange for Rafael to visit with Lisa . What if she rejects him ? Lisa will breed with whomever I tell her to . ( Electronic whoosh ) Tyler , you 're gonna be a great pilot . Really ? I passed my physical ? Yes . In fact , Thomas says you 're ready for your first overnight flight . Oh , thank you . Thank you so much . Go get ready . Tyler ... I 'm counting on you . It 'll be easier to explore Rafael 's potential with him out of the way . Administer the phosphorus injection to Tyler and see how he responds . And if his levels remain low ? Then unfortunately for him ... He 's no longer of use to us . We respected Eli , but his decision to hand over leadership was unilateral and unnecessary . We already have many plans in motion , Agent Evans , including a strike to avenge Eli 's death . Oh , the suicide bombings ? The attacks against innocent humans ? You 're throwing pebbles at a giant . I told you this was a waste of time . Stop . If we are going to defeat the V 's , we need to change tactics . Eli died at the hands of the Visitors because his plan didn 't work . We are going to bring this war to Anna . I have contacts on her ship ... access that you don 't have ... That you will never have . Eli chose her to lead . We owe it to him to give her a chance . Present us with a plan . If you do not , leadership will pass to someone who 's already proven their worth . ( Footsteps approach ) Tyler 's very excited about the pilot training program . He leaves on his first overnight trip tonight . All of your plans are coming together . Tyler hasn 't spoken to his mother in over a week . We are finally becoming his family . In the meantime , I have an assignment for you . While Tyler is away , you 'll meet a young man named Rafael . I want you to entertain him . But what about Tyler ? If he senses my disloyalty to him , it could upset everything . My plans for Tyler are none of your concern . You will entertain Rafael . Don 't question me again . ( Computer alert ringing ) ( Computer beeps ) Hi . How 'd the meeting go ? Eli Cohn 's lieutenants don 't think I have what it takes to lead them . We fought this war on our own before , Erica . It 's bigger than us now , Jack . If we 're going to defeat Anna , we need an army to do it . How do we do that ? ( Erica ) We start by asking the big question ... Why are the Visitors here ? If we know what Anna wants , we 'll know how to stop her . ( Jack ) Well , we know they want us for breeding . But we don 't know what that actually means . ( Chad ) The live-aboards . When I interviewed Anna last week , she said that the next batch of live-aboards to come up will be the last . If Anna 's stopping live-aboards ... ( Chad ) It means she got whatever she needed . - Question is , what ? - There might be someone on the ship who can help us find out ... Anna 's daughter Lisa . She 's a friend . Anna 's daughter is working against her ? Anna can never find out . Get to Lisa . Tell her I sent you . Sid , where are you in the DNA research ? I reached out to the global scientific community . - And ? - Seems there were cases of other boys with part of their DNA missing , but so far , all the ones I 've found died as infants . Keep looking . We need to find everything we can about those other boys . ( Computer beeps ) ( Indistinct conversations ) What did Eli tell you about his son 's death ? Well , he had me investigate it . So I started with the doctor who delivered him ... Avner Nizani . Were you able to find this Nizani ? He 's dead . But I kept digging , looked into his practice . Turns out all the babies that he delivered eighteen years ago ... An unusually high number of them died . The cause of death was listed as sudden infant death syndrome . It 's possible that those babies died because their D.N.A. was messed with . They wouldn 't have thought to check for that . Yeah , I found a common link between the babies who died ... All their mothers suffered from pre-eclampsia . Many of the mothers also were treated by the same specialist ... Dr. Veena Rai . I know her . She treated me . I looked everywhere for her . - But you couldn 't find her ? - No . How did you know that ? I couldn 't either , but I reached out . I enlisted help from Eli 's contacts around the world . - Any luck ? - Yeah . There 's a cop in Hong Kong that thinks he 's found Dr. Rai . If it is Rai , she might know what the Visitors did to those boys and why . I wanna talk to Dr. Rai . We 're going to Hong Kong . Leave us . Rafael is en route from Barcelona as you requested . According to his file , his phosphorus levels are ideal . Joshua , you 're one of my most trusted advisers . What I 'm about to ask you requires the utmost discretion . I 'm beginning to sense a weakness in Lisa . It 's possible she 's experiencing human emotions . What can I do to help , my Queen ? Lie to her . Tell her your memory is returning ... That you recall what it 's like to experience human emotions . Whatever she says or does , report to me directly . ( Electric whirring ) ( Diana ) It 's taken a week for you to decide you can trust me ? I would have come sooner , but my mother watches my every move . You 're under a great deal of pressure as future queen . What 's troubling you , my dear ? A while ago , my mother instructed me to get close to a boy named Tyler . Now she 's ordered I get close to someone else . Why would she do that ? Another boy ? Anna must be changing her plans . You care for this boy Tyler , don 't you ? ( Lisa ) No . Our species is not supposed to have human emotions . Embrace them , Lisa . I had to learn the hard way . Emotions can give you power unlike anything else . If my mother ever knew , she 'd ... Throw you down here like she did me . That 's why she can never know that you have feelings for Tyler ... For any human being . What about the other boy ? I don 't wanna be with him . You shouldn 't have to , Lisa . But you must protect yourself . You must convince Anna that you are the loyal and obedient daughter she expects you to be . Your safety and our survival depend on it . Lisa . Chad Decker , WNT news . Yes . My mother speaks very highly of you . I 've been meaning to talk to Anna about doing an exclusive interview with you ... What it 's like being the ... The V First Daughter . - It 'd be a great piece . - Whatever my mother wants . Erica Evans says you might be able to help me . And why would Mrs. Evans say that ? Because I 'm working with her . I don 't know what you mean . I know the truth , Lisa . You helped Erica destroy Anna 's soldier eggs . You wanna stop your mother ... Just like I do . What do you want from me ? I know the live-aboards have been tortured . You need to help us find out why . Lives depend on it , Lisa . Please . ( Electronic whoosh ) ( Whoosh ) ( Beeping ) ( Electronic whoosh ) Lisa . May I have a word ? Joshua , what are you doing here ? As you know , when I was shot , my memory was wiped clean . Lately , some of it has started to return . I only remember fragments , but ... I do remember being Fifth Column . And feeling human emotion . These memories seem so real . I want to talk about them . And I remember that I once did ... With you . Obviously , you remember wrong . Of course , my Queen . Forgive me . ( Man speaks Chinese dialect ) Are you kidding ? Hong Kong cops never heard of a doughnut shop ? Chicken feet are a delicacy . Fierro told us that you 've tracked down someone Eli was looking for ... A Dr. Veena Rai . Is this who you 're looking for ? That 's her . She took a long time to find . She 's living under an assumed name here in Hong Kong . Maybe we should pay her a visit . Rai lives in a highly secure building . The police are wired into apartment security , so I could give you access , - but I can 't shut the system down . - I can . Hacking 's my specialty . Well , it 's one specialty , anyway . ( Chiang ) You 'd only have a very short window . The system does internal checks every fifteen minutes . It sounds an alarm if anything is amiss . Just get us in . We need to find out what Rai did to my son . The Hong Kong P.D. will never know we were there . ( Radio chatter ) ( Computer beeps ) ( Beeping ) ( Grunts ) ( Whispers ) Careful . ( Radio chatter ) - That was subtle . - Yeah . We go on Chiang 's signal . ( Beeping ) All right . We 're in . ( Cell phone beeps ) ( Cell phone rings ) Yeah ? ( Chiang ) Erica , we 've tapped in . The monitors will now go on a loop . You 've got fifteen minutes before the system automatically reboots . ( Beep , static crackles ) ( Beeping ) Good to go . Now . Let 's go . ( Beeping ) ( Knock on door ) - ( Erica ) Who do you think you are ? - ( Veena ) Uhh ! - I trusted you . - Who are you people ? You treated me ... Me and my baby , eighteen years ago . - You were supposed to take care of us ! - You 're making a mistake ! I don 't know who you are ! Please ... ( Grunts ) ( Erica ) Get her hands . ( Blade whooshes ) ( Veena ) No . No ! ( Squishing ) Aah ! ( Breathing heavily ) ( Squishing ) She 's a V. ( Panting ) Let me be very clear . I am going to skin you slowly from neck to tail until you tell me everything that you did to my son . I 'm gonna keep you alive so that you feel every cut . Tell me where your safe is . Where ? Where ? ! ( Groans ) ( Whispers ) The bedroom . Show me . ( Hobbes ) Come on . We 've gotta move . ( Bang ) ( Grunts ) It 's up there . Oh , I like that one , sweetheart . The lizard 's safe . Rai , what 's the combination ? ( Grunts ) ( Erica ) No ! ( Wind whistling ) ( Siren wailing in distance ) We got to move . We 're gonna need tools ... Power drill , flashlight , whatever you can find . Hurry . Cops will be here soon . Flashlight ! I got the drill . ( Both panting ) Got to raise the pressure on the inside so it 's higher than it is on the outside . Trick is not blowing up the content in the process . ( Whirring ) Pretty quick to slice and dice back there , Agent Evans . How 'd you know Rai was a lizard ? I didn 't . I like this new you . ( Chuckles ) That 's very Mission : Impossible . Det-cord ... I never leave home without it . Good thing . ( Pants ) ( Siren wailing in distance ) - Got that flashlight ? - Yeah . Thank you . - Here , your hands are small . - Yeah . - Let 's jam it into that thing . - Obviously . Now keep going , keep going . All the way in , just like ... - Yeah , I got it . - Keep going . Just like that . Like , half an inch exposed . Okay , that 's good , that 's good . ( Siren wailing in distance ) - I 'll let you finish . - I 'll take it from here , yeah . ( Siren continues wailing in distance ) ( Beeps , whine ) ( Beep , bang , clatter ) It 's a holo-device . We found one in Malik 's safe . ( Normal voice ) Go . It 's okay . We 've got two minutes . ( Radio chatter ) ( Woman ) Hey , taxi ! Hold on ! ( Horn honking ) Jack . Just hear me out , okay ? What are you gonna say , Ryan ? Huh ? You lied to us . You betrayed us . I never gave your names to Anna . Your actions killed dozens of people . - Erica 's ex-husband is dead because of you . - You don 't think I know that ? Anna had my baby , Jack . Yeah , okay , I made a mistake , but there was nothing else that I could do . No , Ryan . You could have told us the truth . We didn 't even know you survived the bombing . I have to get my baby away from Anna . I need help . You know , of all the people , I thought you would be the one that understands . Everybody needs a second chance . I 'm not a priest anymore , Ryan . It 's not my job to absolve you . ( Chiang ) Rai visited the same cities over and over for nineteen years . ( Erica ) Hmm . ( Click ) ( Electronic whoosh ) ( Electronic whoosh ) ( Beep ) ( Electronic whoosh ) There 's 29 boys here . In 29 cities . Each one has a mother ship parked over them . They 're there because of those boys . Yeah . ( Beep ) ( Erica ) Oh , my God . Tyler 's not the only one . If Anna has others ... That means that Tyler ... My son ... is expendable . ( Beep , whoosh ) We 'll figure it out , Erica . We 'll figure it out , we 'll stop her ... And we 'll keep Tyler safe . Any idea what these are ? Prenatal vitamins . I took those when I was pregnant . What ? Why would a doctor keep prenatal vitamins in a safe ? They wouldn 't , unless they were trying to hide something . What the hell was that ? ( Door squeaks ) ( Door closes ) Welcome back . I thought you were done with the priest routine . Well , it doesn 't work like that . Wherever I walk , He walks . Try to keep Him contained to your corner , eh ? Why ? You afraid of what He 's gonna find in yours ? So , um , how 'd it go in Hong Kong ? We found prenatal pills with these freaky metal bugs inside them . Science boy 's taking a look . Also , seems that Erica 's kid isn 't the only one that Anna 's keeping her eye on . There are 28 more . Really ? ( Cell phone rings ) ( Cell phone rings , beep ) Erica . We 'll be right there . ( Indistinct conversations ) ( Cell phone rings ) Thank you . ( Cell phone rings , beep ) Chad Decker . ( Lisa ) Chad ... I found out why my mother wanted the live-aboards . I 'm sending you information that will explain it all . ( Beep ) ( Sid ) Come here . Look at this . They must have programmed these things to go after D.N.A. with a Y-chromosome . That 's why the pregnant mothers and baby girls weren 't affected . Okay , so we know what the V 's did and how they did it , but we still don 't know why . They created empty space inside the D.N.A. to put something in , - but what ? - I think I might know . Lisa came through . She downloaded the live-aboards ' medical files . Anna isn 't choosing these live-aboards randomly . She is inviting people up to the ship who are exceptional ... Genetically exceptional . " High fertility . Elevated immunity . Longevity . " And this part ... " Gene extraction complete . " And those dates must be when they put the live-aboards into the needle machine . She 's stealing D.N.A. from the live-aboards . She 's not just stealing any D.N.A. She is harvesting the best of the best . That 's awesome . I ... I mean , definitely not awesome , but it explains something that 's been driving me crazy . ( Key clicks , beep ) All right . Look , this is from Alpha , the V skeleton I found . His D.N.A. is a hundred times more complex than normal D.N.A. But then , there 's this . This is Malik 's D.N.A. It 's 1,000 times more complex than Alpha 's . Weird , right ? Yeah . Okay , so ? The genetic evolution from Alpha to Malik should have taken ... 5,000 years . The V 's did it in fifty . Give it to us in English , Einstein . This explains why the V 's didn 't just annihilate us . They need us alive . They 're stealing the best of our D.N.A. They 're using us to fast-track their own evolution . ( Anna ) Rafael has arrived . Did you approach Lisa like I asked ? I did . She gave no indication she 's ever felt human emotion . She could be testing you . You may be right . I saw Lisa looking through medical files . What files ? I don 't know ... But she does not know that I saw her . I was told this is where I could find Lisa . You must be Rafael . I didn 't know you had arrived . Yes . A short time ago . This ship ... It is quite impressive . Well , you 've only seen a small part . Once I show you the rest ... You 'll never want to leave . You 're very handsome . I can 't do this . I 'm sorry . You have to go . ( Footsteps approach ) ( Anna ) Why did you send him away ? You directly disobeyed my orders . I 'm tired of being told what to do . I demand you tell me what your plan is for me . How dare you talk to me like that ? You want to strike me , don 't you ? ( Whispers ) Yes . ( Normal voice ) I do . Then what 's stopping you ? ( Loud slap ) ( Loud smack ) I didn 't mean it . I 'm sorry , Mother . ( Anna ) Don 't be . It 's your breeding skin fueling the aggression you need to become Queen . But you 're not Queen yet , and until you are , you will do as I tell you . The problem with Lisa may be more serious than I first thought . We cannot proceed with interbreeding without Lisa . There 's something I need to show you . ( Beeping ) ( Clank , hiss ) A Queen egg . I had it preserved . The last of my clutch . If Lisa proves disloyal , she can be replaced . This egg is my only alternate to interbreeding . The very survival of our species may depend on it . Can you hatch it safely ? - Yes . - Then begin the process immediately . But it will take years for the new Queen to reach reproductive maturity . Our accelerated growth experiments - have not proven successful . - Then run more . The children from your final clutch have all matured . The only option would be ... The hybrid baby . At birth , she did appear more Visitor than human ... - Our skin , our tail , our claws . - Do it . Such experimentation could result in the hybrid 's death . Then she 'll die serving her Queen . It 's possible the Visitors have been doing this all across the universe , consuming the best of every life-form they encounter to create a superior , master species . Now they 're doing it here on Earth . And these boys fit in how ? Each of the 29 boys is missing a part of their D.N.A. There 's a void . We believe that the V 's plan to fill that void using a mixture of the genes they have stolen . What happens after they insert the new D.N.A ? I 'll find out . In just two days , working with my team , I have uncovered a vital part of the V 's plan . Imagine what I could do with an army . What you 've discovered is most impressive . What 's next ? Before I tell you , I need to know that you trust me unequivocally as leader of the Fifth Column . We 're ready to follow you , Agent Evans ... All of us . Anna is about to welcome the final group of live-aboards onto the ship . We suspect that once she gets their D.N.A. , she 'll have what she needs to move on to the next part of her plan . We 're going to stop that from happening . ( Thomas ) Tyler is proving to be quite a capable pilot . Good . Joshua , check Tyler 's phosphorus levels immediately . I 'm still hopeful we can move forward with him . How did Lisa respond to Rafael ? Not as well as I would have liked . I convinced him to stay on the ship for now . However , Lisa must be dealt with . Joshua , how are we progressing with my backup plan ? We 've initiated the experimentation as you requested . Perhaps you 'd like to see the results for yourself . ( Joshua ) The hybrid survived the aging experiment . However , there was an unforeseen side effect . Her maturation has strengthened her immune system . Her body seems to have healed itself of its chronic pain . That means we no longer have leverage over Ryan Nichols . Where 's my daughter ? Look at you . Mommy ! Welcome back , Ryan . Eli Cohn is dead and the Fifth Column have been neutralized as a threat . As a reward , you get to spend a few hours with your daughter . Thank you , my Queen . Excellent work , Joshua . Ryan 's cover has been compromised within Fifth Column . He is no longer of any use to us . Arrange to have him eliminated ... quietly . Man , there 's nothing like that . I mean , nothing . ( Lisa ) Tyler . I missed you . I missed you , too , but I have to go take a shower , because , uh , Thomas is gonna teach me how to download my flight report ... Tyler ! You can 't keep running away from me . What are you talking about ? I know you 're holding in your emotions . Your father just died . It 's okay to be sad , to feel . You don 't get it , Lisa . I don 't want to feel anything anymore . I just want to be a shuttle pilot and forget about my past . ( Lisa ) You were right . I do care about Tyler . He 's the one I want to be with . But I 'm no longer sure he wants to be with me . I 'm sure you will figure it out , my dear . I will help you . I am so grateful that I found you . You 're the only one that understands what I 'm going through . I learned a long time ago what you have already seen and what your mother refuses to recognize ... The good in human emotion . Tyler used to care . He ... He used to feel . Now I 'm no longer sure . I disobeyed her today . I couldn 't control my emotions . Now I 'm worried she suspects I 've changed . You 're on very dangerous territory , my dear . Your mother must suspect nothing . Trust no one on the ship , no one but me . And you must keep my presence a secret . I won 't tell anyone . I promise . I know you are afraid , my dear ... But everything will be okay . Why are you doing this ? Because your mother never did . What 's this ? I 'm all alone up here . It 's so we can always be in touch and not risk my mother finding out .
