 Previously on " V " ... There 's a small group of trusted lieutenants from around the world . - ( Fierro ) Eli relied on them . - Present us with a plan . If you do not , leadership will pass to someone who 's already proven their worth . Tyler 's body appears to be rejecting the surge of phosphorus . Have the backup candidates been tested ? - A young man from Barcelona . - Arrange for Rafael to visit with Lisa . I can 't do this . You have to go . You directly disobeyed my orders . You must convince Anna that you are the loyal daughter she expects you to be . They 're using us to fast-track their own evolution . We are going to stop that from happening . ( Speaking indistinctly ) ( Woman screams ) ( Crowd screaming ) Aah ! ( Whoosh ) ( Screaming ) ( Panting ) ( Anna ) One unique strain of D.N.A. , Joshua , extracted from every carefully selected live-aboard . The finest genetic material mankind has to offer . Soon it will be ours . ( Beep ) ( Joshua ) The last group of live-aboards arrives tomorrow . Then we will collect all the remaining D.N.A. we need from the humans . ( Whirring ) ( Whirring ) ( Beep ) ( Whoosh ) Now that I 've decapitated the leadership of the Fifth Column , our plans can finally continue without interruption . ( Siren wailing in distance ) Is the connection secure ? Nah . I thought I 'd run the powwow through Facebook . It was one thing to get the job . It 's another to do it . ( Computer beeps ) It 's time to prove yourself . That 's a little dramatic , no ? ( Beep ) Which doesn 't mean he 's wrong . You 're the leader of the global Fifth Column now . It 's not just our lives in your hands anymore . All right , we 're good . ( Typing ) Okay . Let 's do this . Get Eli 's lieutenants on the line . ( Beeping ) Time is a factor , so I 'm going to make this quick . Anna 's breeding plan relies on one thing : Getting the D.N.A. from the live-aboards . - We 're going to stop her from doing that . - How do you plan to stop her ? The last wave of live-aboards goes up to the ships tomorrow . I will track down a master list of all the final participants in each city . We 'll send you the names via secure e-mail so you can coordinate the strikes . And we 'll strike using the live-aboards themselves . - Meaning what , exactly ? - We 'll corrupt their D.N.A. We 'll acquire a simple flu strain , then program it to destroy the reproductive functions of any D.N.A. it encounters . Once the visitors extract the target 's D.N.A. and mix it with the larger pool , it will render all of the D.N.A. they have extracted useless . On every ship around the globe . D.N.A. bombs ... The next evolution of attack . Anna believes she 's silenced the Fifth Column with the death of Eli Cohn . If we pull this off , she 'll know we 've reemerged with even stronger leadership . She 'll use any means to find out who that leader is . Are you ready to carry that burden ? I am prepared to do whatever it takes . Stay on standby . We 'll be in touch . ( Beep ) I 'll start on the list . We 'll get the virus . Closest place it 's stored is Jameson Labs , under lock and key . Okay . So how do we get inside ? - We break in and steal it . - My kind of leader . There 's a situation with the 29 breeding candidates . This morning in Beijing , one of the boys collapsed and died . A short time later , another died in Johannesburg . Whatever deadly illness struck them remains unknown . How are the other boys ? Are they okay ? As far as we know . What about Tyler ? He 's shown no signs of illness during pilot training . Take every precaution . Determine the cause of the illness and find a cure . Fortunately , the boy from Johannesburg died while touring the mother ship . His corpse is being sent here by shuttle so that I can conduct an autopsy . We must keep every breeding option open for Lisa . Until we can be sure that Tyler 's phosphorus levels have stabilized , Rafael remains the most viable backup , but Lisa rejected him . Thanks to your work accelerating the hybrid 's aging process , my backup Queen egg is nearing maturity , which means either Lisa rises to her call with Rafael or she will meet the same fate as any traitor : Death . ( Electronic whoosh ) I can 't do this . I 'm sorry . You have to go . Not your most regal performance . You 'll be fertile soon . Much will be expected of you as the future Queen . I need to know when the time comes you 'll make the right choices . Of course , Mother . I 've made plans with Rafael . This time , I will perform all of my duties . A private word , my Queen . A complication has arisen regarding one of the new live-aboards . ( Electronic whoosh ) Jennifer Hartswell . She has a uniquely high immune system , one that we 've never seen in any other human . Her mother Melissa has been invited to join " Live Aboard " so that we may access her daughter 's D.N.A. However , she is reluctant to come up here . Do whatever it takes to alleviate her concerns . We tried , but Melissa Hartswell insists on meeting you . Arrange for a meeting immediately . I 'll handle her , mother to mother . ( Sid ) Look , I know I 'm not the resident bad-ass , but a heist like this ... Shouldn 't there be , you know , some elaborate plan ? Suction cups ? Tuxedos ? Gorgeous Ukrainian spies ? All right , forget the spies . I 'm just ... I 'm just saying ... It is a small lab , minimum security . Plus , we need the virus right away . We go in fast and hard and get out before they know what hit ' em . Cowboy style . Easy , Wild Bill . These are human guards , not V 's . We go in nonlethal to take them down . All right , there are three guards here , here and here . ( Sid ) All right , sounds good . Break a leg . You 're coming with . Me ? No . No , no , no . I 'm ... No , I 'm good . We need to know which virus to look for , how to transport it . Come on , guys . We can find a way to do this without him . We have one shot at this . We cannot afford to make a mistake . The live-aboards go up tomorrow . This is not up for debate . Wait . Wh ... What ? Not up for debate ? - Look at him . He 's a ... He 's a scared kid . - Well , I 'm not scared . I ... Sid , wait . Erica , would you risk Tyler like this ? Tyler 's gone . Anna took him from me . If I 'm gonna get him back , if we 're gonna win this war , then I need to stick a dagger into the heart of Anna 's plan . ( Whoosh ) ( Electronic humming ) ( Giggles ) Melissa Hartswell ? I 'm Anna . Hi . Nice to meet you . And you must be Jennifer . Aren 't you the cutest little thing ? ( Melissa chuckles ) She 's , uh , she 's a little bit shy . Uh , listen , I really appreciate you meeting me on such short notice . I heard you had some concerns about the " Live Aboard " program . Yeah . Um , you know , if I came up here , I would have to leave Jennifer . That 's why Jennifer 's invited to come up to the ship , so she could be with you . But there are no other children up here . I 'm just concerned that , you know , she wouldn 't have any friends to play with . Melissa , I 'm gonna confide something in you , something I 've kept from the public due to safety considerations . I have a daughter of my own . She 's precisely Jennifer 's age . Her name is Amy . Ohh . That was my mother 's name . What a nice coincidence . Aw ! Sweetie . You 're so pretty . Hey , why don 't you go get your doll , and we 'll play another game , okay ? Anna promised you time with your child . That time is up . Hey . Wait a minute . Hold on . Wait a minute , hey ! Wait a minute ! Hey ! ( Grunts ) Anna also wanted you to have this . ( Grunts ) Uhh ! Uhh ! ( Grunts ) ( Whoosh ) Aah ! ( Panting ) ( Electronic humming ) ( Beeping ) ( Door whooshes ) Where 's my daughter ? You 've been experimenting , aging her . That 's my daughter . Where is she ? She 's with Anna , heavily guarded . You 'll never get close . Besides , you and I both know she needs Anna 's bliss to keep her from terrible pain . You can cure her . No . Why don 't you kill me ? Joshua , we were comrades once ... In the Fifth Column . Don 't you remember that ? That 's not who I am anymore . When you 've been touched by human emotion , it 's always in you , somewhere . I hope you find it again . ( Smack , thud ) ( Erica ) Jameson Labs . There it is . Let 's go steal a virus . ( Gunshot ) ( Alarm blaring ) ( Hobbes ) Get him . ( Taser zapping ) Uhh ! Aah ! Uhh ! ( Alarm continues blaring ) ( Sid ) Come on . Let 's go . Look , we gotta hurry . ( Jack ) Let 's go ! ( Hobbes ) Get his I.D. Let 's get rid of his gun . ( Door unlocks ) ( Hobbes ) Come on ! Come on ! Let 's go ! Uhh ! Ah ! ( Erica ) Dump him . Hide the body . Put him in that room . ( Hobbes ) Jack , stay here . Keep your out for the third guard . ( Door unlocks , beep ) ( Hobbes ) All yours , professor . ( Test tubes clink ) ( Objects clatter ) You do know what you 're looking for , right ? ( Sighs ) ( Sid ) Got it . ( Door opens ) Don 't move ! ( Erica ) Get down ! Hobbes ! Uhh ! Hobbes ! ( Hobbes ) I 'm hit ! ( Object clatters ) Uhh ! ( Groans and gasps ) ( Grunts ) ( Man groans ) No , you 're okay . You 're gonna be okay . ( Erica ) Hey , grab the virus ! Come on ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! ( Man grunting ) ( Hobbes sighs ) Hey , Sid . Fierro 's got the jets on the ground , waiting . What is taking so long ? Sorry I 'm not up to your speed standards for handling viruses . There . ( Latches click ) Now I 'm done . The eagle 's ready to land the eggs in the ... nest . - What ? - It 's code . Are you all right ? - Yeah . - Through and through . Missed the arteries . ( Grunts ) Shot by a rent-a-cop . What 'll you tell the guys ? ( Laughs ) Quite a shot you made yourself back there , Erica . Double tap to the chest . I knew he was wearing a vest . Did you ? We had a mission with a ticking clock , 28 jets awaiting a virus that we had to deliver . I took the shot because I couldn 't risk failure . ( Object clanks ) Here , let me help . ( Grunts ) ( Exhales and inhales sharply ) You saved my ass back there . If Chad doesn 't get back with that list of live-aboards , it was all for nothing . Yeah . ( Telephones ringing ) ( Indistinct conversations ) Still no sign of Ryan Nichols . The guard that was tasked to kill him failed . - He was immolated . - Keep looking . He was nowhere to hide . How will you play mother to a child that is not yours ? I 'm the only mother she 's ever known . I fed her . I took away her pain . Pain from a disease which you inflicted upon her . All that child knows is that when she was in agony , I made her feel better . Lisa . Rafael . Come in . Thank you for offering to show me the ship . The peace ambassador exchange program has many perks , but this is the best of them . I figured you didn 't want to see me again after last night . No . Not at all . I was just nervous . Not anymore , though . ( Footsteps approaching ) Hey ! Get away from her ! Tyler , wait . Lisa , what the hell is going on here ? Hey . Man , calm down . Calm down ? Tyler . ( Grunts ) - Tyler , stop ! - Uhh ! Uhh ! ( Lisa ) Rafael ? ( Gagging ) ( Groans ) ( Tyler ) Oh , my God . ( Chad ) Took a lot of digging , but this is a list of all the live-aboards going up to the New York ship tomorrow . I ran down as much information as I could on them . I already sent the lieutenants a list for the other 28 cities . So who do we choose ? Whoever 's closest . We 're running out of time . As we speak , our little virus is winging its way around the globe . Let 's just hope when it interacts with our subjects , it remains stable . What do you mean , " remains stable " ? The D.N.A. virus is untested . I mean , with any experimental treatment , let alone a virus , there 's always the possibility for serious side effects . Even death . Wait . You told me there wouldn 't be any side effects , this wouldn 't ... harm people , that ... That our carrier was just a ... You lied to me , didn 't you ? If I had told you the truth , you wouldn 't have come this far . You 're right . I wouldn 't have . So this is what we do now , Erica ? We lie to each other ? This is no time for conscientious objections . We need to get this virus into a live-aboard now . And if we do , that person could die ? The Erica I know wouldn 't let that happen . When you were in the army , and a superior officer gave you an order , what did you do ? I followed it . Consider this an order . ( Hobbes ) There 's our live-aboard target ... Will Lerner . Assuming his credit card statements don 't lie , he should be headed for his daily caffeine fix . ( Erica ) Right on schedule . So I can just pour the virus into the coffee ? ( Sid ) Easier than sticking him with a needle . But you can 't just dose and dash . You gotta stick around , make sure it absorbs into his drink . Once it does , it 'll only take one sip . ( Jack ) You sure about this , Erica ? ( Erica ) It 's my plan . I should be the one to do it . That 's not what I 'm asking . Rafael is on life support . His ailment is the same one that killed the breeding candidates in Beijing and Johannesburg . It appears the stripped ladders in the boys ' D.N.A. are collapsing . Fix this . I can 't . The D.N.A. mixture is the only solution . Until we acquire the last of the D.N.A. from the live-aboards , we could lose all these boys . We 've come too far to let that happen . I 'll get the D.N.A. ( Electronic whirring ) I don 't know if you should be here . ( Lowered voice ) I wanted to apologize . Is Rafael gonna be okay ? I don 't know . There are some things that I can 't explain to you ... Things bigger than you and me . But if you really cared about me , trusted me , you wouldn 't have acted the way you did . It 's because I care about you that I acted that way . Maybe if you were human , you 'd understand that . You should leave . Please . The virus arrived safely . We had to switch our Paris target at the last minute . - And we almost failed in Delhi and Ankara . - But it 's a go . Congratulations . The last shuttle just lifted off . The New York live-aboards should be arriving on the mother ship shortly . Now all we can do is wait . Melissa , I 'm so glad you changed your mind - about joining the " Live Aboard " program . - Actually , it was Jennifer . She 's looking forward to meeting Amy . Amy 's words exactly . Let 's get you settled in . All right , let 's go . Have Joshua begin the D.N.A. extraction on Jennifer immediately . Very good . Welcome to the New York mother ship . Hello . ( Electronic whoosh , beep ) Palm , please . ( Electronic whoosh , beep ) Oh , Mr. Lerner . We 're so pleased to have ... ( grunts ) ( Man ) Whoa ! ( Electronic whirring ) The live-aboard is alive . I sedated him until we can determine the cause of his collapse . Something was introduced into his system . A virus altering his D.N.A. Had we harvested his D.N.A. for the mixture , it could have contaminated all of the human growth matter which we have spent months collecting . My entire plan would have been set back irreparably . Alert the other ships . Re-screen every live-aboard . Tell them what to look for . Once the contaminated live-aboards have been identified , have the virus removed and the needed D.N.A. extracted . Afterward , anyone carrying the virus will be executed . Such an action would surely draw the world 's attention . The only credible cover story I can offer the public is to say that these people were Fifth Column and that they died during their attack . You would effectively be announcing the rebirth of the Fifth Column . I have no other choice . You wanna die for your cause ? I will grant you your wish . Don 't scream . I 'm not gonna hurt you . You 're Ryan Nichols , aren 't you ? The whole ship 's been looking for you . I need you to help me , Lisa . And what makes you think I 'd do anything to help Fifth Column ? A common friend ... Erica Evans . You 're the only one that can help me get my daughter away from your mother , help us get off this ship without her knowing . You don 't have to follow in her path , Lisa . There was a Queen before her , and she was nothing like your mother . Ryan , there is someone on this ship who can help you . ( Electronic whirring ) ( Liquid dripping ) I don 't believe it . My Queen . Ryan Nichols . I remember all my children . I thought you were dead . Lies of my daughter . What 's going on , Lisa ? Why is he here ? My mother tried to have him killed . He needs our help . He 's an ally . We can trust him . Ryan needs to escape the ship without anyone knowing . If I help you , then I expect you to do a favor for me in the future . Anything . I built secret escape pods , cloaked from detection from humans and Visitors . Unfortunately , I never got to use them . I 'll distract my mother , give you a clear window to escape . We need allies like you , Ryan . You 're more valuable alive and on the ground . No , I 'm not gonna leave my daughter here , not again . - Let me see her one last time ? - I don 't understand . I have a daughter . She had a human mother . A hybrid ? I thought that was impossible . Do you have any idea what this could mean for our future , for our species ? Anna 's holding her captive . She made her sick . Only her bliss can cure her . Just because I 'm down here doesn 't mean that I stopped being your Queen . I can use my bliss to cure your daughter . Any enemy of my daughter is a friend of mine . ( Indistinct conversations ) ( Man ) Okay , we 're going live in three ... two ... Good evening . It is with a heavy heart that I bring you tonight 's headlines . There has been another Fifth Column attack upon Anna and the Visitors , this time aboard the New York mother ship . We 've also received word of similar attacks on mother ships across the globe . According to information released by the Visitors , Fifth Column suicide bombers gained access to the ships as part of the " Live Aboard " program and blew themselves up . No names have been released , although sources here have I.D. ' d the New York mother ship perpetrator as Will Lerner , an M.T.A. driver from Long Island , no family . We 'll keep you updated on this story throughout the evening . The plan failed . On the surface , yes , but we showed the world that the Fifth Column didn 't burn in the fires from that siege . Anna was forced to admit publicly that the Fifth Column is back . We still have to stop Anna 's breeding plan , and we will . So what 's our next move ? We stay on the offensive , and we don 't stop until we 've won . ( Beep ) Well done . Sid , Hobbes , could you give me a moment with Jack ? Yeah , come on , mate . I 'll buy you a beer . You are old enough to drink , right ? ( Sighs ) ( Door opens and closes ) You 're awfully quiet . Well , congrats on your , uh , victory here . Clearly an effective leader . But Will Lerner is dead . And so are 28 others . Someone needs to acknowledge that . You just did . So why won 't you ? Do you want me to say I 'm sorry ? This is a war , Jack . There are billions of lives at stake . If I had to make that choice again , I would . No , Erica , I refuse to believe that there isn 't a part of you that doesn 't see the tragedy in this . The only tragedy here is that the D.N.A. bombs failed . ( Electronic whoosh ) Lisa , I wasn 't expecting you . ( Lisa ) I wanted to tell you that you can count on me to be the next Queen . I will not let you down , Mother . I would expect nothing less . I 'm sorry . I have to do this . I 'll come back for you , I promise . ( Electronic whooshing ) ( Beep , whoosh ) ( Loud whirring and clanking ) ( Electronic whoosh , beeping ) ( Clank ) ( Electronic whirring ) ( Beeping ) ( Electronic whirring ) ( Loud grinding and whirring ) ( Beeping ) ( Whoosh ) ( Joshua ) The specimen was successfully extracted from Jennifer Hartswell . The D.N.A. mixture 's now complete . Prepare the injection for all the boys immediately . - Begin with Tyler Evans . - Of course , my Queen . There is still the matter of the Fifth Column . How did they know to infect the live-aboards ? Today 's Fifth Column offensive was different , more focused . They know more of my plans than I thought . What would you have me do ? Identify their new leader before they grow too strong . ( Liquid dripping ) Ryan escaped . Thank you . Your instincts were right to bring him to me . Ryan feels emotion like us , as does your mother , yet she denies it , which is her weakness . Our strength is that we embrace emotion , which makes us a threat . - A threat ? How ? - You will know soon enough . For now , we need to reach out for help . There 's someone aboard this ship that I trust . Someone who needs to know that I am here . Leave us . I wish to speak with him . I have a message ... from Diana . She 's alive . ( Beeping ) ( Cell phone rings ) ( Ring ) ( Ring ) ( Ring ) ( Ring ) This is Jack . Leave a message . Um , hi . It 's , uh , it 's me . Look , I know today was hard . Will you give me a call when you get this ? ( Beep ) ( Doorbell rings ) ( Dog barking in distance ) ( Door unlocks ) Hobbes . What are you doing here ? Figured after a day like today , you could use a friendly face . Really ? So we 're friends now ? ( Chuckles ) Well , then ... Consider this ... tactical support . A leader 's nights can get lonely ... You know , the second-guessing , the stakes . I just wanted to tell you face-to-face you did bloody good today . See you tomorrow . Do you wanna come in ? Yeah , sure . ( Lock turns ) ( Glass clatters ) ( Exhales deeply ) Never been here before . Well , you kept R.S.V.P.ing " no " to all my Fifth Column dinner parties . - Bit more homey than my place , eh ? - Hmm . How you holding up ? - Um ... Truth ? - Yeah . I don 't know . Joe 's gone , Tyler 's up there , and ... I 'm just trying to stay tough . I know the feeling . I had someone that ... That I cared about once . But she died . We 're gonna get your kid back . I promise you that . ( Both panting ) ( Grunts ) ( Moaning ) ( Gasps ) ( Panting ) You wanted to see me , Anna ? You 're becoming quite a pilot . It 's time to prepare your body for interstellar travel . Prepare my body ? A necessary precaution . This will allow your body to survive in deep space . Don 't worry . It won 't hurt a bit . Please , allow me , Joshua . This is an important moment for Visitors and humans , for the two of us . ( Squishing sound ) You 're right . Didn 't hurt a bit . I would never hurt you , Tyler . I would never harm any human being .
