 I have a message from Diana . She 's alive . I need to know that you trust me as leader of the Fifth Column . We 're ready to follow you , Agent Evans . You betrayed your friends . I can never forgive you . I have a daughter of my own . Her name is Amy . - ( Thomas ) The hybrid survived the aging experiment . - Look at you . - ( Lisa ) Joshua , do you remember anything ? - I remember nothing . I 'm beginning to sense a weakness in Lisa . Whatever she says or does , report to me . - How you holding up ? - I 'm just trying to stay tough . - I know the feeling . - So what 's our next move ? We stay on the offensive , and we don 't stop until we 've won . ( Anna ) This is Concordia . The humans think they 're building their future . They 're digging their own graves . ( Thunder rumbling ) ( Cheers and applause ) ( Camera shutters snap ) ( Amplified voice ) For too long , we , the Visitors , have been the sole beneficiaries of our scientific advances ... Advances , that upon our arrival , I promised we would share . And so today , it is a momentous occasion as the next phase of construction of Concordia sites around the globe will begin , fulfilling our promise for a more peaceful and prosperous tomorrow . ( Electronic whirring ) ( Cheering ) Heavy rain has not dampened the excitement here where Visitor High Commander Anna has thrown a ceremonial virtual switch to turn on the planet 's first blue energy reactor , one of 538 around the world . Well , one question comes to mind , Chad . Are we completely nuts ? Have scientists examined blue energy ? For all we know , it could give off radiation that turns us into brain-dead zombies . That 's a little dramatic , don 't you think , Kerry ? It 's what we don 't know ... That 's the point of Concordia , giving the Visitors an opportunity to share their vast knowledge with mankind . Well , Anna 's opened the candy store , and the candy 's free , huh ? Well , I for one say be careful what you eat . Pigs get fat . Hogs get slaughtered . ( Thunderclap ) Now that the blue energy reactors are functional , construction of Concordia sites around the globe can begin . Once they are completed , the landing sites for our breeding ships will be ready . And the annihilation of humanity can begin . ( Cheers and applause continue ) ( Camera shutter clicks ) ( Tyler ) Mom ? Hi . I like your haircut . ( Laughs ) I 've missed you . Yeah , well , you know , I 've been kind of busy with , uh , pilot training and everything . I brought something for you . ( Car door opens ) Um ... It was your dad 's . And he really loved it , and I know that he would want you to have it . Do you wanna see if it fits ? ( Thunderclap ) It looks perfect . Mom , I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean to blame you for everything that happened to Dad . ( Voice breaking ) I 'm so sorry . ( Sniffles ) Do you wanna come for dinner ? ( Sniffles ) Yeah , I 'd like that . Thanks , Mom . ( Thunder crackles ) Marcus ... Thank you for coming . Lisa told me you were alive . I ... - Everyone thought you were ... - Dead . I don 't understand . Why did Anna do this ? Human emotion . Lisa has told me everything . I know that Anna has been inflicted . She released red sky prematurely , in a moment of rage . An isolated incident . Anna has exhibited no further signs . Are you sure ? Fifteen years ago , when I decided to abandon our mission , Anna disagreed . Her first emotion , pride , caused her to betray me . Under her leadership , our enemies have grown stronger . You almost lost your life to the Fifth Column . Didn 't you ? What is your purpose for seeing me ? Your loyalty ... To our species . Which is exactly why I must report to my Queen that we have spoken . I am your Queen , Marcus . The human soul can never be removed . It is a fool 's errand , and my daughter 's pride has made her the fool . She will doom our species if she continues along this path . What 's the emergency , Sid ? Concordia . Come here . Check this out . This is a model of the site . Each one 's gonna have a blue energy reactor - right smack in the middle . - ( Erica ) Get to the point . The reactor 's too big ... Way too big . Look , we know that whatever the Visitors ' plan to use Concordia for , it ain 't good . Doesn 't take a genius to figure that out , kid . No , but it does to figure out this . The holo device from Malik 's safe . Yeah , turns out it 's powered by a tiny blue energy cell . That 's makes sense . Everything the V 's have is powered by blue energy . ( Sid ) Getting to my point . The amount of power needed to run this device is somewhere in the range of half a watt . Based on my projections , the amount of power the Concordia reactors would create is nearly a trillion times more . If I 'm right , these reactors could easily power an entire city . What would the Visitors need that much power for ? There 's only one thing that big I can think of . Their ships . Exactly . The shape of the complex is roughly the same as the mother ships . If I 'm right ... They 're building landing sites . Yeah , but for what ? For their invasion . There are 538 Concordia sites being built around the world . - But there are only 29 mother ships . - Yeah , do the math . More on the way . - If those ships land ... - They won 't . Well , what are we gonna do , blow up all 500 sites ? - Not bloody likely . - No . We don 't have to destroy them . We just have to stop them from being built . How ? Construction 's already underway around the world . Do you remember Three Mile Island ? A nuclear power plant ... It almost melted down . It scared the hell out of everybody , but there was not a single new plant approved for almost thirty years after it . Okay , so what does this have to do with Concordia ? Blue energy . We sabotage the reactor at the New York Concordia site . We make it seem ... unstable , dangerous . People will get scared , there 'd be a public outcry , - and the program would grind to a halt . - Yeah . A touch on the subtle side for me , but I like it . What do you think , Sid ? Maybe if I get my hands on more blue energy to study . - I don 't know . - We 'll get it for you . I 'm sure Lisa can help . Jack , contact Fierro . See if he can get us into the Concordia site . We need to get into that reactor and destroy it before Anna drops 500 ships on our heads . Welcome back , Marcus . My congratulations on your successful launch of Concordia . Despite the most recent Fifth Column attacks , we 've overcome most of our obstacles ... Except one ... Controlling human emotion . Tyler has reached back out to his mother . The injection of the pooled human D.N.A. has triggered an unforeseen emotional response in him . All of your plans rest on eliminating human emotion . Unless we do so , a new generation of Visitors will be born with them . I do not believe I will solve the problem by the time we 're ready to begin interbreeding , my Queen . Then we must find another way to control humans . Amy is a hybrid of human and Visitor D.N.A. The Visitor in her accepts my bliss . But the human side does not reject it . Begin tests on the child to determine why this is true . The tests are intrusive . They could harm her . We are running out of time . We must find a way at any cost . Begin testing immediately . ( Hobbes ) You sure Lisa 's gonna show ? She 'll be here . So ... We gonna talk about last night ? From what I remember , it was a hell of a lot more fun than talking . It was . Look , everything that 's ... that 's happened ... Losing Tyler ... Joe ... I needed a break . Is that was this was ... A break ? I can 't lose focus on the bigger picture ... This war . ( Door closes ) ( Lisa ) Blue energy . I was able to sneak it off the ship . Anyone see you ? No , but I need to return it . If someone discovers it 's missing and it gets traced back to me ... We 'll get it back to you as quickly as we can . Thank you . Why did you need it ? We 're gonna sabotage the blue energy reactor at the Concordia site . We think that your mother is going to use it to stage her invasion ... When , how , we don 't know , but we know we need to stop her . That 's why you have to find out anything you can about it . ( Erica ) Okay ? I will . ( Engine starts ) ( Joshua ) I 've analyzed Amy 's brain waveforms . When you bliss the hybrid , her V brain accepts the bliss at a frequency that isn 't rejected by her human side . How is this possible ? I checked our surveillance records . Ryan Nichols stole phosphorus from Anna 's private supply . If he gave it to the hybrid 's mother while she was pregnant , the child 's abilities could have been heightened . If this is true , what else is she capable of ? I won 't know until I can run further tests . So there 's a form of bliss that will work on humans ? Theoretically , yes . But my findings are still rudimentary . Blissing humans was tried by your mother and abandoned as impossible . It nearly killed her . My mother was weak . You 're gonna be just fine . It 's okay . Don 't worry . I 'm gonna soothe you . There are too many unknowns . The risks are too great . ( Joshua ) Current circumstances demand bold action , Marcus . Would you see our plans for Earth fail ? - I would see to Anna 's safety first ! - Enough ! Everything rests on being able to control the humans . If I can control them through bliss , I can stop any resistance . ( Electronic whirring ) ( Screaming ) Ahh ! ( Continues screaming ) ( Gasps ) ( Continues screaming ) - Stop ! - Wait ! ( Joshua ) Look . ( Both gasping ) ( Panting ) ( Continues panting ) The subject appears to be blissed . We must be sure . If you take this , it will kill you . Do you understand ? Yes . Swallow it . ( Gasping ) ( Whispers ) Joshua . ( Normal voice ) Does this mean I can bliss a large number of humans ? At this point , I can 't be sure . Blissing one human nearly killed you . Are you sure this is wise ? Nothing will stand in my path . Find a way ! ( Electronic whirring ) Whoa ! ( Erica ) You got it working . Turns out blue energy is a particle / anti-particle construct . Once I understood the coupling constant ... Sidney , my patience is growing dangerously low . Right . Uh , you want it in terms a merc can understand . You ever stuck a fork into an electrical socket when you were a kid ? Same idea ... Meltdown . - And it won 't look like sabotage ? - Just blue energy gone wild . - Uh , Sid , you did it . - Yeah . Good work . Look , uh , we 're all set . There 's a guard at the security gate and another on the inside ... Both Fifth Column , and they 're waiting for your instructions . Tell them we 're good to go ... Tonight . ( Gasps ) You must be careful how often you visit . You never know who is watching . I need to talk to you . I need to know what my mother 's plans are . Not yet . In due time . No ! Now . The more I get to know you , the more I see you 're just like my mother . All you do is keep secrets . Tell me , Concordia ... They 're landing sites for an invasion , aren 't they ? Very good . You know more than you let on . - My friends figured it out . - Friends ? - Humans . - How ? All I know is they asked for a sample of blue energy , - and I gave it to them . - What are they planning ? To sabotage the reactor at the Concordia site , make it look unsafe - so the humans turn against Concordia . - You must stop them . Why ? Blue energy has two forms . In its stable form , it powers reactors . But it can also be weaponized . You must stop them before it 's too late . ( Thunder rumbling ) ( Coughs ) Look , Sid , just focus on the job ... Just the job . Keep running it over in your head , all right ? Okay . ( Sniffles ) Sid , this is our Fifth Column contact at the gate . Remember his face . He 's going to make sure that you get through security undetected . The V 's issued these I.D.s to all the workers . And this one will get you inside the gate , okay ? Trick isn 't getting inside , though . It 's making sure no one sees you enter the reactor building . ( Jack ) A second contact will meet you , get you in , and then stand guard . But once you 're in , you 're on your own , cowboy . I wouldn 't let you do this - if I didn 't think that you could , okay ? - Okay . This has to look like an accident . Fifth Column cannot be behind it . Go . ( Truck beeping , thunderclap ) ( Phone rings ) ( Ring ) ( Beep ) Lisa , what 's going on ? When Diana helped you escape , you said you 'd return the favor . Okay . What is it ? I stole blue energy from the ship . Erica and her team are using it to sabotage the reactor , and I can 't reach her . You have to stop them . Why ? Because if they weaponize it , it could destroy everything within 100 square miles . ( Thunder rumbles ) ( Man ) All right , go ahead . ( Thunder rumbling ) ( Hobbes ) Bloody hell . We 've got a problem . That 's Ryan . What the hell 's he doing here ? I 'm not waiting around to find out . ( Truck beeping , men speaking indistinctly ) ( Whispering ) Shh , shh , shh . It 's okay . Follow me . ( Man ) Come on . ( Beeps ) ( Door unlocks ) Get in . ( Radio chatter ) ( Radio chatter ) ( Grunting ) ( Radio chatter ) ( Electronic crackling ) ( Electronic whirring ) ( Ryan ) Stop ! Ryan ? You have to stop what you 're doing , Sid , right now . Okay ? I don 't think so . Don 't do it , Sid . Just put that down , okay ? You 're about to cause a huge explosion . That explosion 's gonna kill us all . How do you expect me to trust you ? You know there 's two forms of blue energy ? There 's inert and weaponized . Are you sure ... I mean , absolutely 100 % sure that you didn 't weaponize that ? ( Rapid beeping ) ( Loud electronic whirring ) You have no idea what you just did . ( Loud electronic whooshing ) Back off , Ryan ! - Did you do it , Sid ? - ( Sid ) Yeah . She 's gonna blow . Then we need to get out of here . Not until we take care of some unfinished business . No , wait a minute . Listen to me , okay ? I came here to save you . You have three seconds to make us believe you . - We need to deactivate this reactor . - We can 't trust him ! If you don 't , there 's gonna be an enormous explosion , killing tens of thousands of people . All right , you don 't trust me . How about Lisa ? How do you think I found you ? She sent me here to warn you ! ( Loud electronic whooshing and whirring ) - Sid ! Can you stop it ? - I don 't know how . I don 't know . - I think I can shut this down . - We can 't trust him , Erica . Come on ! What if Lisa did send him ? Tens of thousands dead ? ! Can you live with that if you 're wrong , Erica ? ! Shut it down ! We gotta let the energy vent ! We have to somehow dump it , shunt it , something like that ! I don 't know ! ( Loud electronic whirring continues ) ( Beeps ) ( Beep ) ( Rapid beeping ) Come on , Ryan ! ( Beeps ) I got it ! - It 's a bypass control ! - All right , then do it ! ( Beeps ) ( Loud whirring intensifies ) ( Lightning crackling ) ( Loud whirring and humming ) ( Marcus ) The electrical grid has failed throughout the city . - ( Anna ) How ? - Our scientists have traced the failure to a blue energy surge originating - from the New York Concordia site . - The humans believe it was a failure of their own energy grid , but the surge was not an accident . The only way that something like this could have happened is if blue energy was used to sabotage the reactors . Fifth Column . The blue energy would have come from one of our ships . Check the inventory immediately . Marcus , use the blue energy reactor at the New York Concordia site to restore power to the human electrical grid . We must use this ... inconvenience as a demonstration of our benevolence . Hours after New York city was plunged into darkness , utility companies are blaming the blackout on the failure of several high voltage transmission lines in upstate New York . Luckily , Anna and the Visitors wasted no time , using their blue energy reactor at the Concordia site to turn power back on across the affected areas within minutes . After witnessing how quickly blue energy restored power , world leaders are urging contractors to speed up construction on Concordia sites around the globe . Erica ... ( Chair clattering ) That is exactly why we should have blown the site . The risks were too great . No , that is exactly it . We are not taking enough risks . We handed her another victory . We handed it to her . If we had blown the site , if we had taken out Concordia , we would have put a dent in her plans for once ! No , I think you 're forgetting the fact that we all would have died also . There is a difference between a calculated risk and senseless slaughter . Erica , wait . Look , maybe Jack 's right . Eli chose you to lead us ' cause you cared about the people , about the innocents , not this . Back there , you were pushing me to let it blow . Yeah , I was , but you 're not me . You said ... that you were a soldier ... And you would follow my orders . Yeah , I did . I 'll let you know what our next move is . ( Kerry ) Hours after New York City was plunged into darkness ... ( Electronic whoosh ) I 'm concerned that your colleague Kerry 's growing influence will threaten the spirit of unity between humans and Visitors . Kerry is nothing more than a small dog barking at our heel . She 's hardly a threat . A small dog with a loud bark . Are you saying you 'd like me to muzzle her ? Concordia is my greatest gift to humanity . It would be a terrible tragedy for everyone if she were to get in the way . I 'm sure you agree . Of course . ( Electronic whoosh , beeping ) ( Explosion , whooshing ) ( Gasps ) ( Footsteps approach ) ( Electronic whoosh , beeping ) ( Whoosh ) It 's time for you to decide which side you 're really on . I gave Erica the blue energy grenade . You have to warn the other Fifth Column on the ground . ( Whoosh ) ( Panting ) Lisa , come quickly . Thomas is coming . ( Door whooshes ) Why did you do that , Joshua ? Why didn 't you let him catch me ? - Because I remembered . - Remembered what ? Who I am . ( Lowered voice ) That I 'm Fifth Column ... Like you . - ( Woman ) One minute ! - I 'm telling you , Chad , in my gut , this blackout stinks of Anna . I think you might be right . What are you talking about ? ( Lowered voice ) I just got a call from a source of mine at the Department of Energy . It turns out the blackout was caused by the blue energy reactor at the Concordia site . It melted down . It blew out ... Something technical . They lost control of it . ( Woman ) Thirty seconds ! Why aren 't you reporting this ? Anna . She 's the only reason I have a career right now . Can 't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs . You , on the other hand , have a chance to make a name for yourself . I don 't know . This a career maker , Kerry . Someone else is gonna break this story . Why shouldn 't it be you ? ( Woman ) And we 're live in five ... four ... I have just received exclusive word that tonight 's blackout was not caused by an electrical grid problem as reported earlier . In fact , it was caused by the near-catastrophic failure of the blue energy reactor at New York 's Concordia site . Tyler , I was told you wanted to see me . Yes . Everything up here has been great , and I can 't tell you how much I appreciate everything that you 've done for me . What is it , Tyler ? Ever since my dad died , I 've been acting ... wrong , lashing out at the people I love . I talked with my mom , and I decided I just wanna spend more time with her . Of course . It 's been a painful time for you . Before you leave , I 'd like to give you something to help you with your pain ... a gift usually reserved for Visitors . Okay . Come . Sit . ( Tyler ) What is it ? Peace . ( Panting ) ( Exhales deeply ) ( Exhales deeply ) ( Diana ) What 's the matter , Lisa ? I saw my mother bliss Tyler . If Anna can bliss humans , they will stand no chance against her . Your human friends ... You said that you can trust them . Are you sure ? - Yes . - Good , because we are going to need their help , too . You must act now . What are we going to do ? We must end your mother 's reign , once and for all . ( Knock on door ) Ty , just come in ! ( Utensils clatter ) Lisa ? What ? ( Door closes ) Tyler 's not coming . He 's with my mother . There 's this connection a V Queen makes with her subjects . It 's called bliss . Yeah , Ryan told me . It 's like mind control . What does that have to do with Tyler ? We didn 't think it could work on humans . My mother blissed Tyler . I 'm sorry , Mrs. Evans . - Is he okay ? - He 'll be all right . - There are no lasting effects , but ... - If Anna can bliss humans ... That 's it . We 've lost . No . There 's still a way we can win ... If you 're willing to take a risk . You asked to see me , my Queen ? My Queen egg is growing rapidly . The acceleration protocols worked even faster than I anticipated . It should reach maturity within days . And Lisa ? Have you had any opportunity to further test her loyalty ? I 've seen no signs to indicate that she 's of any risk to you . ( Anna ) Good , but if Lisa fails me , thanks to you , this Queen egg will save us . You set me up . I called the Department of Energy . The source you named doesn 't exist . I went on air with a false story . You made it all up , and you let me tell the world . You can 't prove that . They 're firing me . Did Anna put you up to this ? - Is this to protect your precious V 's ? - No . I did it to protect me . You 're good at what you do , Kerry . Maybe a little too good . " Prime Focus " as a one-man show just ... It just suits me better . When I first got this job , everyone told me to watch my back , that all Chad Decker cared about was himself . I should 've listened . 'Cause you really are the shallow , self-absorbed snake that everyone says you are . This better be good , egghead . Trust me . You 're gonna wanna see this . - Infrared binoculars ? - Recalibrated to recognize blue energy 's spectral signature . Take a gander at the mother ship . - See the big blue splotch ? - Yeah . That 's the blue energy signature of the ship . Now look over there . - That can 't be right . - Let me see . What the hell are they ? Mother ships ... Invisible to telescopes , - radar , any human technology . - How many ? How many Concordia sites are there around the world ? 538 . Their invasion ships aren 't on the way . They 're already here . - Are you okay , Mommy ? - I 'm fine . What are you doing ? I 'm making you feel better just like you make me feel better . That 's something very special that only I can do . Why would you think to do that ? Because I love you . No . I brought him ... and her . Why is that traitor here , Erica ? I said if we 're going to defeat Anna , - we need to take risks . - Yeah , not stupid risks . He saved our lives . I don 't like him . I don 't forgive him , but we need him . Yeah ? For what ? Every attempt we have made to take down Anna has failed . We are surrounded by an invasion fleet . We are out of options . We don 't stand a chance in hell of stopping Anna without help . This is help . Lisa ... ( Electronic whoosh ) ( Static ) This is my grandmother Diana . I was Queen before Anna overthrew me . Diana 's going to make sure that history repeats itself . We 're going to overthrow Anna .
