 [ dr . Nicholas rush ] : I may be on the verge of discovering The true nature of destiny 's mission . [ eli wallace ] : You 've had control of this ship The whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? [ camile wray ] : The lucian alliance Is planning an attack on earth . [ colonel young ] : I killed riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . [ young ] : There is no mission Other than getting these people home . [ rush ] : It was never about going home . It 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . I 've just been going over the shuttle 's navigational data Trying to figure out The path you took back to destiny . It seems you were there , and then you were here . Nothing in between . Every square inch of this thing is in perfect factory condition . [ eli ] : There 's hundreds of these things ! There 's no way we 're going to be able to shoot them all down ! [ young ] : How 's that damage report coming ? [ rush ] : I 'll arrange a briefing when we 're ready , But it 's not going to be pretty . [ chloe armstrong ] : I 'm supposed to be back to normal . [ rush ] : You managed to retain Some of the knowledge you gained . I should think that 's a good thing . Because I can still be useful . Everyone on this ship is useful . We all belong here . All right , somebody say something . How bad is it ? It isn 't any one thing , it 's the accumulation . This ship just wasn 't up to fighting a battle like that . A big chunk of the life support Is still down , too . Well , you can repair it , right ? With what ? Even if we knew how , We don 't have the spare parts . I mean , I 'm talking about things That are broken and burnt out that ... That I don 't even know what they do . Now , if life support was our only problem , We might be able to figure something out . But there are dozens of systems On the brink of failure . Weapons , shields ... Well , they 're operating . And at mission critical levels ? We are down To one last everything . There 's practically no redundancy . " practically no redundancy ... " Wasn 't funny the first three times ! Well , I 'm very tired . Okay , we know what the problems are . What are the solutions ? Well , what I think we 're trying to say- - We make do as best we can And carry on with the mission . Well , it doesn 't sound like That 's what they were trying to say . You 're talking like we have a choice here . Actually- - Eli , please- - Ginn and I figured out How to dial the ninth chevron back to earth While destiny recharges in a star . Without blowing up the ship , you mean ? Yeah . No . Here we go . Look , eli 's solution , however brilliant , Fails to consider The thousand things that could go wrong When attempting to open a wormhole in a star . I can show you the simulation . More to the point , It could cause the same kind of overload That happened on icarus . Well , who cares If we 're not even going to be here ? Well , I do , lieutenant . Along with anyone else Who cares to remain aboard this ship . Rush , come on , man . Nobody in their right mind would stay . You said you understood how important this mission was . I did . So , what 's changed ? Nicholas , you know what 's changed . Look I was all aboard with this , you know that , But if the ship can 't fly , There is no mission . It 's not like we 're just giving up here . Well , that 's exactly what we 're doing . Well , fortunately for the people on this ship , The decision is not yours to make . Well , thankfully it 's not your bloody decision either- - Rush ! We can get through this ! They are just being defeatist ! My first responsibility Is the safety of these people . I 'm sorry . Yeah , right . [ ¶ ] Oh , whoa . Stand aside , sergeant . Hey ... I can 't do that . Colonel 's orders . Since when ? Just now . Did he say why ? I didn 't ask . Okay , could you tell me Where else I 've been banned from ? Save me wasting my time . Pretty much any place that you can push buttons . Ah . And I 've got people where all the buttons are . Destiny 's course is taking us toward a star Roughly 18 hours ahead , We assume to recharge . We ... We should be ready . Oh , we 've been ready for a long time . I 'm ready , and I just got here . I can only imagine what it 's like for you . [ knock on door ] [ door cranks open ] Hi . We 've been expecting you . Well , it seems you can predict my every move . Well , I had to make sure You didn 't lock us out of the dialing programs . The thought never crossed my mind . I see the elders have gathered . You should know eli is using the stones right now To run his calculations by the best people on earth . They 'll tell him what I told him . The work is brilliant , But what works on paper Does not necessarily work within a star . Well , eli said That he 's taken that into consideration . Eli is not an astrophysicist . Inside a star There are magnetic fields , Enormous pressures , solar flares , Conditions that make events unpredictable By any mathematics . Now , will eli 's Connection to earth work ? Possibly , But what happens The moment that wormhole has been established Is anybody 's guess . It could blow a hole in the fabric of space-time . He 's out of his freaking mind , you know that . All right . So , what are you asking us to do ? Let me talk to the crew . At least some of them understand How important it is To remain on this ship- - Nobody is going to agree to that ! You say You have no choice but to leave . I have no choice but to stay . We 're going to brief everyone in the gateroom The minute we come out of ftl . You can address them then . It would carry far more weight If you were standing alongside me . I can do that . Thank you . You 're not serious . Oh , I think he is . We 've run the simulation a dozen times . It works . So , the gamer came up with power flow algorithm ? Eli , yeah . I gotta say , you know , When we tried to solve this back on earth , There were a lot of smart people in that room . Yeah , well , don 't tell him I said this , But he 's arguably the smartest person I 've ever met- - You all right ? I 'm fine . I 'm back . What did they say ? The math works , so we 're on . Who was the smartest person you were just talking about ? Einstein ? Einstein . Yeah , he was - he was pretty smart . But don 't ever tell him you said that ? All right , come on , Let 's go tell the colonel the news . Hey , t.J. , can you give us a minute ? Yeah . Can you keep this ship flying ? Yeah , with help . Then I need to know An absolute minimum number of personnel You need to do it . Well , as many as possible , obviously . I need a number . I 'll say a dozen . Plus you and me ? No , including us . So 10 . Yeah , look , I-I 've written down Most of what I intend to say . If you 've got anything you might want to add- - [ telford ] : Everett , is rush in the gateroom with you ? Yeah , what is it ? I need both of you on the bridge . We don 't have time for this just now . David , we were just going to talk to the crew . Can it wait ? Negative ! Get up here . Trust me . We have time . Yeah . Time they might need to decide . Just keep everyone here , we 'll be right back . Uh , sure . What is it ? It was in orbit around the star . Destiny picked it up when it turned towards us , And then we got the radio broadcast . From who ? You . I don 't understand . Neither do we . Wait for it ... Wait for what ? I repeat , this is dr . Nicholas rush Calling the destiny . I 'm aboard the shuttle headed your way . Please respond . Well , isn 't this An interesting turn of events ? What is this ? Well , I wouldn 't know , colonel . How about you tell me ? Well , it 's not a recording , if that 's what you 're thinking . It 's a subspace broadcast , And beyond the fact That it sounds exactly like rush , I can tell that that 's our shuttle , And it 's on an intercept course . Even though according to this , The shuttle is still docked with destiny . Again , this is dr . Rush . I need assistance with the docking procedure . I know you can hear me . Have we responded yet ? No , not yet . Well , best not to keep me waiting . [ beeps commlink on ] Hello , this is also dr . Nicholas rush . How can we be of assistance ? Tell them not to try and dial earth . It won 't work . If they go through with it , they 're all going to die . This is colonel young . Doctor rush is sitting right next to me . Yes , obviously . We 've just spoken . The only reasonable explanation Is that somehow I 've come back through time . Reasonable explanation ? I couldn 't be sure Until I seen you dropping out of ftl , Which happened roughly 12 hours ago In my timeline . And we 're supposed to just take your word for this ? Shortly after we dropped out of ftl , colonel , You asked me for a number . I told you ten , plus two . [ beeps commlink off ] 12 ? That 's well calculated , mr . Volker , But I think you 're missing the point here . Is that true ? Did you just have that conversation ? Yeah . Yeah , we did . It 's weird . I was completely stoked about this mission . Yeah , we all were . All of a sudden I can 't wait to see my kid . Wow . Gosh , and I thought the hardest thing Was going to be introducing you to my mom . Okay , that makes me more nervous Than goin ' through the dang gate . [ eli ] : Hey , when we get back , We-we 're all still gonna hang out , Right ? Yeah , of course we will . We will have a reunion every year . I was thinking more along the lines of fridays . Depends on whether you 're stationed earth-side . [ laughs ] I can guarantee you That earth will be my station . But you 're joining stargate command . [ scoffs ] like they 're gonna ask me . They 'll ask you , eli . You 'll be right up there With the other sgc brainiacs , Like dr . Jackson and colonel carter , and , uh ... What was that guy 's name who kept staring at your- - Ugh , mckay . Yeah , mckay . They 'll ask you right when we get back . Lieutenant scott , come in . Yes , sir , is there - is there a problem ? Yeah . Join up with greer , head to shuttle bay 2 . Open it . [ door cranks open ] Don 't listen to him ! He 's going to try and kill you all ! What in the hell ? T.J. , this is young . Yes , sir , the gang 's all here . Yeah , they 're going to have to wait . We need you in the infirmary . How did you get the burn ? There was an overload . I couldn 't stop it . Explosions all over the ship One after another . The air became so toxic , I had no choice but to abandon . At which point , You somehow went back 12 hours in time ? No , no , no , that would have to happen inside the star . The ship itself must have passed very near a solar flare In the exact moment We locked the ninth chevron address . A temporal event , Like we 've seen cause time travel through wormholes . It somehow affected the entire ship . One of those unpredictable things I remember warning you about . What are you smiling at ? Well , you should know . What , fascinating , is it ? Well , you wouldn 't think so If you 'd been through what I 've been through . Well , I won 't have to now , will I ? Look , we can still do this If we could just learn from your mistakes . My mistakes ? The only mistake was trying it in the first place ! No , no , wait a second , she 's right . Just because it went wrong the first time round- - Wait , isn 't it the same time again ? No , not entirely . We 'd end up with two of us staying behind next time . If we kept going long enough , We 'd soon have an entire crew . We still have an hour before we run eli 's program . Tell us what happened . Up to the point you received my radio signal , You know what happened ... I need a number . I 'll say a dozen . Plus you and me ? No , including us . So 10 . Yeah , look , I 've written down Most of what I intend to say . If you 've got anything you might want to add- - So , I 'll speak when you 're done , But just so we 're clear , If we don 't get the 10 volunteers- - We will . Okay . You were true to your word , colonel . You stood alongside me . Ladies and gentlemen , If I could have your attention , please ? Dr. Rush would like to say a few words . My friends ... Well , yes , perhaps that 's ... An overstatement , But we are at least shipmates , Who have , up until now , shared great adversity . I know a lot of you , Probably most of you , Also share the hope Of going home . It is a fact That the conditions inside a star Bode very poorly For the sustained viability of a wormhole , And I owe it to you all to tell you that . Stop trying to scare people and get on with this . The ancients did not devote The efforts of an entire generation To build this ship On a whim . Neither was destiny named on a whim . Over a million years ago , The ancients discovered a complex structure Buried deep within the background radiation , The fingerprints of an intelligence That existed very near The beginning of time itself . Destiny was launched in search of that intelligence . Who knows how close we are To finding it ? How close we are to learning , In the ancients ' words , " the destiny of all things . " I don 't pretend to know when that 's going to be , In which stars it will happen , Or even how that Will change our view of the universe . I only know That destiny has come this far , And if we abandon her now ... There 'll be no coming back . All of that knowledge will be lost forever . I believe this journey is the reason I 'm here , But I can 't hope to do it alone . I ask you to come with me . Now , I , uh , I believe that those of you who want to go home Deserve that chance , But I joined stargate command for a reason , So I too am willing to stay aboard . What we are looking for are 10 volunteers , So I am asking those of you Who want to be here , Please step forward . All right , listen to me ! You 've already accomplished The damn mission ! Our goal was to investigate The ninth chevron address , And you 've done that . Now , I do not deny That there once was a mission , But if it was as important as rush claims it to be , They sure as hell couldn 't expect us to do it . There is no noble voyage To save the universe or to meet god , Or whatever it is That rush has sold you on ! There is only the day that this ship dies ! David , we don 't know that . I 've got a good mind To try to take you all back by force . [ greer ] : Good luck with that . Those of you still taking part in the evacuation Are going to form two lines . Everything we carry with us becomes a projectile In a nine-chevron transit , So we are going home with the clothes on our backs , Nothing more . Eli has warned them to expect us , But it seems that a radio signal does not reach Across a nine chevron connection , So I 'll go first To warn them that we 're on our way . You will follow in three-second intervals Two at a time . Eli , are we ready ? Yeah , the programs 's all set . You 're good to go . 15 minutes , people ... And we go home ! And 15 minutes after that , You were dead . If all those people stayed aboard , Why were you the only survivor ? I told you , there was an overload . It doesn 't matter . We have a second chance now . You just need to tell us what went wrong , What can we do differently . Eli 's program is based on precise timing In the recharging process . A time which is fast approaching . All right , so you dialed the ninth chevron ... And ? And it worked . We made the connection . Chevron nine is locked ! Wait three seconds , then follow me ! [ alerts beeping ] No , no , wait , wait ! Stop ! What is it ? The wormhole is unstable . See for yourself . Well , shut it down . I can 't . One of the mains blew out . My program can 't compensate . We 'll have to configure the power levels on the fly . Yes , eli , that 's what I 'm doing . I 've almost got it . Everybody , stand by ! [ beeping ] That 's as stable as we 're gonna get . Okay , go , go , go ! [ ship rumbling ] It 's beginning to overload ! Well , we were supposed to be gone by now ! We can 't stay ahead of this ! We 're losing her ! [ alerts beeping ] That 's it , everyone , we 're going through ! Let 's go ! All right , you heard him , let 's go ! Come on ! Eli , there 's nothing more you can do . Eli , get the hell out of here ! Rush ... I can 't maintain a stable connection And argue with you at the same time . Now , please go . Go ! [ gate coolant hisses ] I don 't really know how long I stayed there . It felt like hours . I kept waiting for the end to come , But destiny fought to stay alive . How are you sure that we- - They- - All didn 't make it ? [ chuckles wryly ] I didn 't say they all didn 't make it . [ explosions rumble ] I 'm dr rush . How many of them made it through ? I 'm sorry , sir . Only one , hours ago . He 's been waiting to switch with someone To see why the others didn 't follow . [ alerts wailing ] The connection was made ... But you were the only one who made it through to earth . We were told we 'd be leaving for earth by now . What 's happening ? Some funky , funky stuff , man . [ walkie crackles ] : Lieutenant scott , come in . Sir , you are cutting it awful close here . Stand down , lieutenant , we 've decided not to go ahead . You 've got to be kidding me . Sir ? We have reason to believe The evacuees will not make it through alive . Send everyone to their quarters . Understood . [ crowd murmuring in disappointment ] You made the right decision . Yeah , about bloody time . I want to use the stones to confirm his story . Well , we 've never used the stones inside a star , And I don 't think now is the time to start it , But I 'll tell you what , you can go talk to yourself Once we 're on safely on the other side . [ wryly ] : Safely . I think now we all need to be on the bridge . Oh , well , At least I 'll have someone To engage in a decent conversation . There it is . Well , I think that 's confirmation , don 't you ? We 're altering course and accelerating . But we 're close enough to get a decent look at her . There but for the grace of god , huh ? It 's my fault . Everybody on that ship Died because of me . Yeah , well , the only reason We 're even in this situation Is because you were all trying to save me . Do you guys see what I see ? What ? The damage is confined mostly to the engineering spaces . The main living compartments Look intact . So ? I 've got an idea . Out of the way , out of the way ! Move , move , move ! You just said it was falling back toward the star . That was me , actually . O-okay . I 'm telling you , we need to get over to that ship . It might be worth the risk If we can salvage ammunition , food , supplies- - No , no , that 's not what he 's talking about- - Well , what is it , then ? Spare parts . I had the same idea . I ran the whole way , too , so ... [ unclips walkie ] Hmm . How much time do we have before we 're out of range ? Well , we can 't take a shuttle , The other ship is too close to the star , And destiny is accelerating away . We can arrange a short ftl jump , Use the stargate . It 's the same gate . Can it dial itself ? I don 't see why not . Destiny 's address isn 't based on A fixed point in space . We 'll have to input the distance calculation , But you ... Guys should be able to work that out , right ? Yeah , between me , eli , and me ... All right , well , let 's , uh , Let 's start putting together a list . Yeah . I 'd like to lead the team over there . I should go as well . I 'm the only one who knows Which systems were affected by the overload . Listen , rush , I don 't even know if that 's what I should call you . Well , it is my name . Fine . What I 'm trying to say Is that you 've been through hell and back . You don 't got to do this . The man wants to help , everett , let him help . We 're gonna need all hands for this . Okay . These are priority number one ! We want as many as we can get our hands on . This one 's burned out . This one is good . Now , they 're in every console , Power relay , And pretty much every piece of equipment Aboard the ship . Open ' em up , pull ' em out and move on . What do you call those things ? I don 't know , Things that make it go . We should find Concentrations of working parts In the bridge , control interface And neural interface rooms . Number two , these things , And don 't ask me what they 're called . I 'm not even sure how they work . We also have to get our hands on The other repair robot , and shield emitter relays . We 'll get everything on the list . If there 's still time , We 'll move on to our secondary objectives . How much time do we have ? We 'll assess that once we 're aboard . Conditions will be difficult and they will be dangerous , But make no mistake , We need to salvage these things if we are going to survive . Dial the gate . Everyone step back . Send the kino . It 's getting hot already , But the air ... Is still breathable . I 'd call it a green light . Let 's move . Okay , let 's go . Let 's move it . Form into your teams and stand by . [ beeping controls ] Okay , I 'm reading power and life support In both the bridge and control interface room . 40 minutes till the shield fails . Then that 's the time we have . Lieutenant , that means your team Heads straight to the armory . Got it . You know your assignments , let 's go ! This is telford . We are proceeding . 40 minutes on the clock . Okay , let 's go . David , be careful . Will do . Someone should report to homeworld command , Explain what 's been going on . Well , you go ahead , And when you 're back , you can explain it to me . They must think we 're all dead . It didn 't happen . Yeah , it did . Not to us , eli- - You can say anything you like . Tell me to take one timeline at a time , But if rush wasn 't sent back by a freak of physics , We 'd all be dead by now . Move it , come on ! [ alerts beeping ] We 'll start here . Let 's make this quick . Spread out . Over here , guys . Want to try to get that alarm off ? Start at the back ! Guess we 're not going in there . So , this must be pretty weird for you two , huh ? Yes . Half the ones I 'm pulling Are burned out from the overload . I 'll take what we can get . Go get your c02 nodes . We need to breathe , too . Penhall , you 're with me . That 's half time , start packing it up ! Get back to the stargate , quickly as you can . Go ! Gettin ' hot , huh ? Yeah , but it 's a dry heat . [ rumbling ] All right , that 's it , we 're out of here . Move . Get back to the gateroom . Double time ! How we doing ? We eat tonight . Excellent . Get out of here . Pack it up . Let 's go . All right , that 's it , let 's go ! What do you think ? I think it 's not on our list . It could double the amount of weapons We could bring online . Do we even have time for this ? Colonel , we 've come across a piece of equipment That could significantly increase Our weapons capability , But we 're up against the clock . For that , we should risk it ! For once , he agrees with me . Okay , I 'll go and I 'll bring back The proper tools . Be careful not to touch the damaged one . About a thousand volts running through that . Do you think I might know that ? Didn 't mean to sneak up on you . This is it ? Yeah . The others took the parts we had back to the gateroom . My younger self is coming back to help , But I don 't want to wait for him . You don 't trust him either , huh ? So , what went wrong ? What are you talking about ? Not that I think you would kill them all deliberately . I tried to save them ! You don 't think I buy that story ? Rush valiantly keeping the gate open While the ship explodes all around him ? I don 't care what you think . It wouldn 't be the first time you sabotaged the ship To make an ass out of me , would it ? The last time we tried to dial earth From inside a star comes to mind , Among others . So , what went wrong ? The wormhole was unstable ! I 'm talking about what really happened . Their blood is on your hands , not mine . They would all have made it home , But you did something ! I was trying to buy them some time ! Oh , and there 's not a single person left alive To confirm- - Get your hands off of me ! You 're the coward ! You 're the one who didn 't believe in the mission ! You 're the one that killed them ! [ electricity sizzling ] [ glass shatters ] Oh no ... [ gasps helplessly ] All right , right over here ! Hey , rush , where 's your other , uh- - He 's found something for the weapons systems . There 's no time ! We still have time . I 'm just going back to help . I 'll go with you ! Dial the gate and keep it open for us . T.J. Get these people outta here . Don 't stay too long ! All right , everybody , move out , We 're going to dial the gate ! They 're dialing back . Good . That was fast . I wasn 't finished reporting , But when colonel telford found out That we were still here , He insisted That he be allowed to use the stones To switch with someone , preferably himself . That 's weird . Yeah , well , that can wait . At least they know we 're alive . [ explosion blasts ] [ muttering ] : Oh no ... [ slams panel in frustration ] [ door cranks open ] Lieutenant scott , where the hell are you ? [ scott ] : Goin ' after something That 's supposed to double the weapons capability , sir . Negative . You don 't have time for that . I need you to locate colonel telford . He 's not answering his radio . Roger that , sir , We 're comin ' right around- - Scott , say again ? You were cut off . We found the colonel , sir . He 's dead . Where 's rush ? He 's right beside me . I don 't know where the other one is . I do . Hey , hey , rush ! Sir , rush just ran off on me . Let him go . Sir ! You only have a few minutes before the shield fails . Let him go , that is an order , lieutenant . It was an accident . I believe you , But they won 't . No . Tell me , when you , uh , dialed earth ... What really happened ? I told you what happened . And so now you 're ... Trying to decide Whether or not to sit in that chair . Well , wouldn 't you in my place ? I 'm not sure if even the knowledge of the ancients Can help you now . Well , I really don 't have anything to lose At this point . Imagine what I could learn . Well , you won 't have much time . Well , time 's relative . We 've just proved that , haven 't we ? So , what are you waiting for ? I need your help . Thank you . Good bye . Come on , come on , come on ! You 're welcome . I 'm okay , I 'm okay . Nicholas ... Yeah ? Where 's the other rush ? I don 't know . You told scott you knew where he went . I was wrong . I went looking for him , couldn 't find him . Maybe he decided to go down with his ship . That doesn 't sound like me . Still , you must , uh , You must be pleased about one thing . What 's that ? Well , we can fix the ship , get on with the mission . Yeah , of course . Get on with the mission . Subs straight from CC
