 Bar Karma 1x04 " Double Blind " Subtitles by josmndsn How did you get in here ? - We need to talk . This door was locked . Santiago , please , just listen . Whatever you have to say , you can say at the meeting in front of my lawyers . Welcome to Bar Karma . Is this the meeting ? - No , just a waiting area . Um . Santiago always was eccentric . What can I get you ? - Paloma martini . Expensive taste . - The only kind worth having . Bio-scan or do you require another form of ID ? This expires in 2026 . Why does it matter ? That is 9 years from now . She 's from 2017 . Good work Pythagoras . Enjoy . I made it a double . Future is looking pretty good . So , that 's your weakness , woman with accents . ... remains of missing Lucro Pharmaceuticals CEO , Enrique Guzman washed up on a beach . Police believed he comitted suicide . He left his entire fortune and his seat on the Board of Directors to a woman no one had ever heard of , Marisol Tavares . ♪ ooo , yeah , ♪ aaaaah , oooooooo , ♪ Yo-o-u-u will always # reap what ♪ you sow . Aaah . Time travelling bar ? Huh . Now I have heard everything . Not quite everything . - What now ? You 're going to show me a more old news footage ? Marisol , it can 't be easy to talk about Enrique . He was a very hated man . Of course , because all CEOs are evil . We just create products people need . Generate jobs . Pay a lot of taxes . So , this man thinks he 's a CEO ? Tell me , if you 're a CEO , why are you in a bar and not in an office ? That 's a great question ? Either of you care to take that ? Doug is on a bit of a involuntary sabbatical . You mean , like rehab ? What 's the problem ? Drugs ? Poker . - Enrique was a gambler , too . Only , he used his investors money . Did he get caught ? - Of course . He was facing 30 years in jail . That 's why ... that 's why he 's no longer here . With so many enemies , do you think he really killed himself ? I think ... I need the ladies room . Come on , I 'll , I 'll show you . So , a beautiful woman walks into a bar ? Thoughts ? - Business as usual , Doug . Maybe , she 's here to stop Enrique 's death ? It doesn 't quite work like that . Enrique passed on three years earlier in Marisol 's timeline . She 's here because she 's experiencing a branching event , now . We got to figure out what that is . I 'll talk to her . You ever wait for a woman like that to come out of the bathroom ? ( Computer voice ) Welcome , Doug Jones from Finance First . Is it 3 already ? Impressive isn 't it ? This beauty is the pride of our rain forest . Or , at least , it was . Medical science is a demanding master . What medical science ? Doug , sit . I 'm very excited to have your magazine share Lucro 's great discovery with our friends in the United States . And , I 'm excited to hear all about it . This transformative plant will allow our company to save countless lives , by providing a cure for one of the world 's biggest killers . Cancer ? AIDS ? Obesity . There 's already a cure . Diet and exercise . But that 's too hard , especially for you Americans , no offense . You get one shot of the Graxico vaccine derived from this plant , eat churros , burgers , you never get fat . There 's no way that can be safe . Stomach stapling , liposuction , these are the unsafe practices . They 're reactive solutions after the disease has manifested itself . Our approach is proactive . This must be a nice change for you . Answering questions about a medical breakthrough , rather than your former CEO . Enrique was a good friend . I did not expect this from him . Although , it 's no secret , we suspect he was a victim more than anything . Do you think Marisol Tavares is responsible for Enrique 's death ? - That is for the courts to decide . But , you think she 's guilty . This is not the interview I agreed to . It 's time for your tour of the facilities . Another time . I have a deadline . Hey ! - I wish you would knock . Guess who I just met . - No . No ? - There are over 7 billion people on the Earth , and we 're operating in multiple timelines , so the chance of me successfully answering is subatomic . I just paid a visit to Santiago Vega , Lucro 's CEO . - Did he say anything about Marisol ? He said Enrique was a victim . Marisol has more than one death lighting up on our timeline . Then , maybe , she did kill Enrique and she 's here because she 's going to kill someone else . That 's a possibility . What happened ? - She left before I could stop here . And , we just a killer get away . What are you doing here ? - Santiago , please ... I have a confession to make . I am not your priest . It 's not your forgiveness I 'm after . You can not be here . Get down ! What the hell are you doing ? - I thought someone was trying to kill you . This is yours . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Open it . - No , not in front of him . These images are private . Were you recording us , just now ? I thought you would enjoy a sexy surprise . Open it , Marisol . You 're hurting me . Hey , take it easy . - You ! Get out ! Go , before you make things worse . Security ! Well , Marisol was not trying to kill Santiago . She was trying to record him . You think she 's trying to blackmail him ? - Who knows ? But , if she 's capable of murder , she 's capable of anything . Maybe , you were able to stop it ? What does it say ? Crisis averted ? - Not by a long shot . It seems the deaths just keep multiplying . What happened in Brazil ? Apparently , nothing good . If we need to go back , you 're up . That would be a disaster . You can 't screw up anymore than I just did . If I left this bar , bad things would happen . Not just to me , but to anyone near me . What does that mean ? Who told you that ? I 'll have one of those . Don 't you ever miss being out ... in the world ? This is where I need to be . Sometimes , when I 'm out there , I hate to come back here . I have to get back to my life . I need to find out what happened right before I got here . Do you think I really could have killed that girl ? He tried it . Do you realize what you have done ? People are going to start dying . And , you just dug their graves . ( knocking on bathroom door ) Marisol , are you in there ? Where else would I be ? Marisol , look , I 'm sorry ... ( whispering ) Why am I sorry ? - For breaking her device . I didn 't break it . - You might as well have . Marisol , I know you 're upset , but we can 't help you unless you come out . Marisol ! I think I was able to undo some of the damage on your device . Did you really think you fixed it ? Only one way to find out . I thought that was a video camera ? You really need to get out more . I don 't think this is working . Oh , you are beyond help . This is all about money . - You said people would die after your device was destroyed . Nice touch , giving me the blame for that , too . If I can not show you , you will never believe me . Perhaps , there 's a more ... reliable data source . How long before the symptoms begin ? Good . We can argue environment , lifestyle , pollution . How many deaths ? That is nothing . Legal has already accounted for the settlement fees . James , this is brilliant . You will make me a copy of this , yes ? I 'm afraid that 's impossible . But , you see what he 's doing . People are going to get hurt . Some are going to die . Let 's see what else the cards have to say . Enrique . I 'm not in the mood for this anymore . No ! I said , enough . You killed Enrique didn 't you ? - No , leave me alone . Just admit it . Just admit what you did . Okay , I killed Enrique . Is that what you want to hear ? I killed him . But , I didn 't stab him . That is me ... I 'm Enrique . Enrique is me . Same mind . Just in a woman 's body . I had the surgery and I killed Enrique forever . Well , you clearly have one hell of a plastic surgeon . But , why would you go through all that ? I was facing the rest of my life in jail . This was the only way I could keep my money . So , you did go there to steal the money . I went there to get my money , yes . It 's been frozen for 3 years . What , they didn 't change the passwords ? Access is granted through eye scans . I still have the same eyes . That obesity vaccine is dangerous . You have to let people know . It is out of my hands now . Santiago will discover the security breach and he will relocate the damaging parts forever . Without hard evidence , I have nothing . You still have another option . You could turn yourself in . Yeah , let your eyes be the hard evidence . No . No , no , no . That is not possible . Obesity is a big killer , too . What about the lives it could save . This report came out five years later . Coronary disease isn 't necessarily a death sentence . People live with it . Take medication . Get pacemakers . If you really believed that you wouldn 't have been so upset about your device breaking . I 'll be hated , demonized . I 'll loose my freedom . I will be locked away forever . You 're going to have to pay sooner or later . Trust me . Someone 's always keeping tabs . Good thing , it 's time for me to go . I 'll walk you out . You have to leave through the back . What is ... this ... place ? ( gasping for breath ) ( gasping continues ) How are you feeling ? What is wrong with you ? What did you do to me ? I needed to be sure you understood the realities of this disease . How do you know you have really have killed me , huh ? Are you a doctor ? You ... who sit there on your high horse lecturing about morality and the truth , when you know nothing of the real world . She is not trying to kill you . She 's only trying to help you . It 's all she does . I couldn 't breathe . I could barely talk . Imagine living in fear of moments like that every day for the rest of your life . And , now , you have all the information you need to make the right decision . It 's not fair ! I 'm not the one making the drug . Why should I suffer for something I did not cause ? Every action has a ripple effect , Marisol . If you hadn 't been so greedy , you wouldn 't have had to abdicate your position to Santiago . I started ... by wanting to cure Alzheimer 's MS , ... Parkinsons , but the money was in the " quick fix " business . Want to erase your wrinkles , take a pill . Want a tan , take a pill . I led this company ... and Santiago ... to this . And , now you get to lead again . By example . Come clean . Take your punches . How about one for the road ? Thank you . Although I had breached Lucro Pharmaceuticals securty system , the result of my indiscretion will save countless lives , but I take full responsibility for my action . And , I am prepared to face the consequences . That is all . Police are waiting in the wings ready to escort Enrique Guzman , now known as Marisol Tavares , to prison . Minutes before this press conference started , agents raided the Lucro offices , where CEO , Santiago Vega , was also arrested . Why doesn 't this feel like a victory ? Remember earlier , all those weak and broken lights , Yeah . The multiple deaths . Look now . The lights represent lives . That 's what we accomplished . Why aren 't they all lighting up ? Because , some people will always look for the " quick fix " even knowing the risks . But , at least now , they won 't make their choices in the dark . Subtitles by josmndsn
