 ( Nina ) Tell me about the first people . Start with why those books seem to indicate that you wrote them . Then move on to what the device is intended for . Previously on Fringe ... ( Peter ) Whatever is happening between the two universes ... Whatever our fate is , I 'm right at the center of it . ( Peter ) When I touched that device , it came alive in my hands . How can you expect me to ignore that ? ( Walter ) I asked you not to work on that device in my lab . You 're playing with fire . They 're working on it on the other side . We need to understand exactly what it does . You are the mother of my grandchild . Did you get the sample ? [ Baby cries ] So where do we stand ? We 've doubled the thickness of the lead shielding around the machine . Good . You let me know as soon as the Faraday Cage is completed . I 'm told they 're almost done . You really think this is all necessary ? We 're standing underneath a giant lightning rod . It 's unclear what kind of electrostatic discharge the device may give off . ( Walternate ) Good morning . If you 'll all excuse us , please . Based on Olivia Dunham 's DNA profile , we were able to identify 23 chromosomes your grandson inherited from his mother and strip them out . Of course , that leaves us with only half of Peter 's full genetic profile . But hopefully that 's enough to activate the machine . How long before we 're ready ? It should be within the hour . Sir , history may never fully know what we 've done here . How we 've saved our universe . I 'm proud to be a part of it . Oppenheimer saved us too . But at what cost ? He couldn 't bear the nightmares- - the screams of all the innocents he had killed . " Now , I am become death , the destroyer of worlds . " Only in our case , that really is true . We destroyed their world to save ours . May God have mercy on us . [ Animals bleating in distress ] Hey , Joe , come in . You know what time it is , don 't you , Rich ? ( Richie ) Listen , you 've got to get up here . 6 : 00 a.m. That means I 'm having my breakfast right now . This is serious . You 've gotta get up here . Something 's spooking the sheep . They 're going crazy . All right . I 'm on my way . [ Car radio playing country music ] ♪ ♪ [ Static on radio ] [ Pelting ] ( Joe ) I just hit a swarm of locusts ! It 's like the blessed apocalypse . Yeah , well , the sheep are acting like it is . I tried to round ' em up , get ' em back to the barn , but they won 't budge . [ Wind blowing ] Gimme your walkie . Everybody listen up . This is Joe . I need all hands in the north field . What is that ? ♪ Fringe 3x20 ♪ 6 : 02 am EST Original Air Date on April 22 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = Damn it ! Some days you 've got it , Donnie , some days you don 't . I 'm gonna go get a cup of coffee . [ Balls clacking ] [ Balls clacking ] ( Walter ) Good morning , Olivia . I didn 't know you were spending the night . What a lovely surprise . Oh , no , the surprise is all mine . I am going to pop another mushroom frittata into the oven . I got some morels from the market with the biggest caps you 've ever seen . Sure . - Olivia . - Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . You should get some slippers for when you stay over here . This house can get very chilly . [ Laughs ] Right . Okay . ♪ And some magic mushrooms and they put them in the stew ♪ [ Clears throat ] [ Sighs ] What time is it ? - It 's 6 : 30 in the morning . - Oh , God . And , uh , your father is walking around the house naked . Oh , yeah , it 's Tuesday . [ Laughs ] He always cooks naked on Tuesdays . Is that safe ? Uh-uh . It 's not pretty either . But you get used to it . Hmm . I could get used to this . [ Laughs ] This is my favorite time of day . The sunrise , when the world is full of promise . [ Phone vibrates , rings ] [ Groans ] [ Rings ] Well , that 's not . [ Rings ] [ Groans ] Oh , my . ( Broyles ) A ranch foreman and a farmhand are confirmed missing , along with an entire herd of sheep . Over 500 head gone . How is that possible ? You tell me . No hurricanes or tornadoes in the area . Barometers remained steady . There 's an army base about 20 miles from here . I thought that too , but we ruled out weapons testing . Whatever happened here , we didn 't cause it . I wouldn 't bet the farm on that . When did this happen ? Do we have a time on the incident ? 6 : 05 a.m. , give or take a few minutes depending on the individual report . That man owns the neighboring property . He was outside when it happened . I 'd like you to question him . Sure . ( Walter ) Peter ! A hand ! Come quickly ! This granite contains quartz crystals . My electrometer . Quartz crystals only develop an electrical potential when they 're put under physical pressure . Extreme physical pressure caused by a major gravitational event . [ Electrometer clicking ] Highly charged , of course . And I suppose you have a theory ? I believe that a vortex appeared above this field , consuming everything in its path . My worst fear is realized- - our world is breaking down around us . Well , let 's not jump to conclusions . I 'm not . Even if that is true , Walter , why now ? What would trigger a vortex ? That 's a good question . ( Nina ) This is clearance double A. I want all unnecessary personnel sent home . I 've issued the bulletin . All right . How many on duty when it started ? Four . It was a skeletal crew . And we 're sure it wasn 't tampered with ? It wasn 't . We reviewed the footage . With all due respect , there 's no way . Get me Agent Broyles . [ Vibrates ] Yes . Hello , Nina . Phillip , the machine came on . Can you hear me ? I can hear you . Go on . The machine came on by itself , without Peter . When ? 6 : 02 a.m. there was no warning . Is that noise the machine ? [ Rumbling ] Tell Walter it 's on . He needs to know . What do you mean , the machine is activated ? Apparently , it powered up by itself . It appears our assumptions were wrong . ( Walter ) What time did this happen ? Just after 6 : 00 this morning . Of course . That 's the reason . The machine activated just after 6 : 00 , just minutes before the vortex opened . So you think it caused this ? Yes , and if it 's the end of the world ... This is just the beginning . - Anything ? - This is worthless . Peter . Up until now , we 've been operating under the assumption that I was somehow the power source for this machine , but clearly that was wrong . You 're the only one that the machine 's responded to . You 've said so yourself . And yet it turned itself on while I was 200 miles away . So how do we explain that ? I think I understand . The machine 's magnetic field is warped in a pattern I 've only seen one other time . The typewriter that the other Olivia used to communicate with the other side . What are you suggesting , Walter ? Quantum entanglement . ( Walter ) I 'm afraid so . You think the Walternate turned the machine on over there ? Which triggered a sympathetic response from the one over here . Yes , it makes sense . But how ? I mean , how could he do that without Peter ? [ Sighs ] There 's not much we do know for sure . ( Astrid ) I just got off the phone with Broyles . Three more reported incidents . Massive colonies of bats were spotted above the New Jersey Turnpike . Mini quakes in Florida . And in Newton , 30 acres of woodland completely decimated . All organic life just dead and desiccated in a matter of hours . The blight . At this point , I believe that the events will begin to increase exponentially . And there 's no way to stop it . He 's won . Walternate has won . ( Bolivia ) Oh ! It 's chilly ! Well , Dr. Marna said two weeks , and he 's three weeks old yesterday . You worry too much . Besides , the fresh air 's gonna do him some good . Look at him , just kind of sizing up the world . ( Mary ) He 's alert , that one . You know , it is kind of windy . So will you humor me ? Here . Oh , nice and warm . [ Pager beeping ] Oh . ( Mary ) Let me . See , it 's supposed to be my day off . Not the first time we 've heard that . No . ( Man ) Kids , let 's go ! We 'll be okay if you have to go . Heh ! You are such a nugget . Oh , I know . Mwah ! I love you . All right , I 'll call you when I have some idea of what time I 'm gonna be home . Okay . Don 't worry , I 'll keep him safe . You just keep the rest of us safe . Okay . The Lookers have detected a spatial discontinuity . Okay . How bad ? Power density spikes reaching over 3,000 milliwatts per square meter , and that 's 200 meters away from the focal point . This is a class nine event ? No , it 's a ten . The power spikes are coming from Liberty Island . The D.O.D. complex . Charlie and the evacuation teams are en route . Okay , air quality normal . No need for oxygen . Let 's go . This is Agent Lee . We 're still seeing dangerously high levels . Understood , Mr. Secretary . False alarm ! Let 's pack it back up ! ( Man ) Yeah , stand down . Let 's go , come on . What 's going on ? We 've been ordered to stand down . ( Bolivia ) But what about the energy surges ? They 're still happening . Well , did they give you any reasons as to why ? Explanations are above my pay grade . I think I know who to ask . Damn it . No measurable improvement ? Environmental degradation levels haven 't changed since the device was activated . Reversing this many years of damage will take longer than a few hours . [ Beeps ] Mr. Secretary , Olivia Dunham is here to see you . Send her in . Let me know if anything changes . Olivia . Olivia . I 'd hoped you brought Henry . Uh , he 's with the nanny . I 'm actually on duty at the moment , sir . So this is a professional visit ? Fringe Division identified a class ten energy surge emanating from this complex , which would normally justify evacuating a ten-mile radius around the epicenter . There 's no danger for the general public . We 've taken proper precautions . Of course . I wasn 't suggesting otherwise . When I was returning from over there , you had me steal a piece of tech . Tech that you said was part of a weapon that could destroy the other side . What exactly are you asking , Olivia ? Have you activated that weapon ? Is that what 's causing the surge ? That 's classified . What 's going to happen to the people over there ? My concern is for the people of our world . But your son is over there . I 'm aware . Peter chose to leave . He chose his allegiance . I chose to give up my son so that you could keep yours . Now , if there 's nothing further ... ( Astrid ) So what do we do ? What if we just broke it back down into its component parts ? With the amount of energy this machine is generating , I don 't know what would happen . The machine is quantum entangled . It could tear us apart with the energy from the other side alone . And is that more dangerous than vortexes putting holes in our universe ? Walter , our world is tearing apart at the seams . ( Walter ) Still , I 'm afraid anything we might do could have devastating consequences . I just spoke to Nina . I was right . They picked up an electromagnetic spike at 5 : 47 this morning in upstate New York . 15 minutes before the vortex opened . Is that how they predict anomalies on the other side ? They also look for odd thermal patterns and radiation spikes . I 've got Nina tracking all three . An early warning system . Well , at least we 'll be able to warn people . And maybe save some lives . Okay , I 'm gonna go to Massive Dynamic and help Nina with the protocol . Olivia . I 'll call you when I get to New York . Can you let me know if Walter comes up with anything ? There 's got to be a way to stop the machine . Perhaps if we encased the entire machine in lead , contained the energy it 's emitting . Walter . We both know there 's another way . ( Peter ) It makes sense , Walter . We all thought that I could turn the machine on . Maybe I can turn it off . Maybe that 's what the drawing means . We don 't know what the drawing means . ( Peter ) If your theory is accurate , we 're running out of time . And the way that machine responded to me after I touched it , it 's like it 's been calling out to me . Every piece of data we have about the machine points to one conclusion . Somehow , that machine was made for me . Peter , you could die . And if we do nothing , we 're all gonna die . " Give him the keys and save the girl . " What ? This is what he was doing . He was preparing me . Who ? The observer . He was preparing me because he knew I would have to let you go . That I would ... That I would have to sacrifice you to fix the problems I 'd created . I think this is what I 'm supposed to do . But I can 't do it without your help . [ Glasses clink ] ( Newscaster ) Police and fire departments have been responding to unexplained weather phenomena up and down the eastern seaboard for the last 24 hours . The National Weather Service has released a storm advisory for the entire east coast . ( Nina ) What do you mean , he 's gone ? He has to be somewhere . He didn 't just disappear . There 's always a trail . Keep looking . [ Intercom beeps ] Yes ? ( Assistant ) Agent Dunham has arrived . Oh , good . Send her in . Nina . We 're moving forward as you requested . I 've assembled a team . I 've briefed them on the protocol you outlined . Okay , good . So where are we in terms of coverage ? Well , I 've tasked all of our satellites to focus on the northeast states . So this is where the thermal detection is up and running ? Yes , but it 's far from complete . It does give us lead time , however , if a vortex starts forming in a densely populated area . What about the electromagnetic disturbances ? We 've recalibrated our entire cell tower network to warn us if any are detected . And amber ? All right , there we 've hit a wall . We have enough amber to contain eight , maybe ten events . But beyond that , our chemists are having a great deal of difficulty finding some of the more rare elements . Without the amber , early detection is irrelevant . Yes , well ... It wasn 't supposed to be this way . What do you mean , it wasn 't supposed to be this way ? I was told on good authority that if you and Peter were together , it would all work out . What are you talking about ? On whose authority ? There 's a man that William knew . I 'm not sure where they met . But he had great confidence in him . He trusted him implicitly . He advised me to do the same . After William went missing , when circumstances warranted , I would consult with him . This man knows a great deal about the machine . And you didn 't think it was worth mentioning until now ? No , he said if I divulged what he had told me that I would never see or hear from him again . I didn 't want to risk losing that connection . Nina , our universe is breaking down . If this man has any information about the machine , then I need to know who he is and what he told you . You 've already met him . Sam Weiss . William told me he possessed knowledge beyond anything I could fathom , but even I never suspected anything of this magnitude . So how 'd you find out ? The authors . Anagrams . I figured it out a few weeks ago . Even the Hebrew and Russian ones are phonetic scramblings of his name . We 've been through these books hundreds of times . So what else does he know ? I think you and I both know that Sam will reveal only what he wants to . Not this time . If you track him down . We don 't have an address for him . He disconnected his phone , shut down the bowling alley . Nobody has seen him since . If there 's even a chance that he can turn this machine off , then I have to speak to him . I 'll find him . I need the keys , Jeanie . Catch me . [ Laughs ] Jeanie . Nope . Jeanie . No . You 're- - I didn 't mean it . Yeah ? Then what did you mean ? I meant that you mean a lot to me . You 're kind of amazing . Jack . What ? What is that ? I have no idea . ( Bolivia ) ♪ I see the moon , the moon sees me ♪ ♪ shining through the old oak tree ♪ ♪ please let the light that shines down on me ♪ ♪ shine down on the one that I love ♪ That 's you . Remember this ? Yeah . That was my first commendation . Yeah , for dragging my ass out of a class 4 vortex . [ Laughs ] Well , you actually owed me 50 bucks , so I was going for your wallet . Seems like a million years ago . [ Sighs ] You can 't do this alone , Liv . Let me come with you . As much as I would love to have you watching my butt , I need you here . Now if I 'm not back tomorrow , you 're gonna take Henry to my mother 's , right ? You 're coming back . Yeah , but if I don 't , I need to know that he 's safe . You 're the only one that I trust . You really think Peter Bishop can stop this ? That he can heal both worlds ? I don 't know , but if anyone can change the Secretary 's mind and get him to turn that machine off , then it 's his son , right ? I 'll see you when you get back . Okay . [ Door closes ] ( Male announcer over radio ) It 's a beautiful night here at Ebbets Field , bottom of the fifth . The Dodgers are leading the Expos 2-0 . [ Indistinct ] Is yet to give up a hit . Agent Dunham , this is a restricted area . Ten months ago , the Secretary brought Peter Bishop back from the other side . How ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Maybe if you just put the gun down . Lie to me again and I 'll shoot you in the knee . I read the mission logs . I know that the Secretary developed technology to cross between universes and bring back Peter Bishop . Show me where it is . Now . The watch commander patrols this area every five minutes . It 's every 12 , actually . Nice try . You realize this is never going to work , right ? I did not ask for your opinion . The technology you want never made it out of the test phase because it breaks down the molecular cohesion of the person crossing over . The Secretary took a huge risk using it once . In some test subjects , even that proved lethal . I appreciate your concern . Now open the door . [ Beep ] This stuff is not organized . You 've got five seconds . Four ... Here it is . One will get you there and back . If you make it to the other side , just stay there , because when the Secretary finds out you 're a traitor- - I 'll take my chances . [ Groans ] Stop ! [ Gunfire ] ( Guard ) There she is ! [ Alarm blooping ] Put your hands up . Let 's go ! [ Gunfire ] The other side ! ( Guard ) Suspect northeast tunnel . Hold your position ! Show us your hands , or we will fire on you . Son of a bitch . [ Knocking on door ] What do you want ? FBI . Seamus Wiles , now that you mention it , never struck me as an Irish . Sam Weiss , that makes sense . Well , he went by a few different names , but only one of them rented an apartment in Boston . You 're not gonna tell me what he did ? I just need to ask him a few questions . So long as there 's no dead bodies in there . What ? Did he move out ? If he did , he didn 't tell me . Last guy who bailed on the apartment ended up being a hoarder . Took me three weeks to clear out the trash . [ Distant chatter ] ( Man ) Here you go , sir . ( Broyles ) Do you really think this could work ? That Peter can turn off the machine ? The machine 's emitting an energy signature almost like an electric current . Peter thinks that because of his relationship with the machine , that if he goes into it , the current will run through him , creating a kind of a closed circuit . And if he can complete the circuit , then he can also break it or turn it off . What do you think ? Excuse me ? Peter 's your son . As a father , do you think this is a good idea ? It 's because of my selfishness , my inability to let my son go 26 years ago that this is happening . My opinion as a father , it doesn 't matter . Walter , it matters to me . I honestly don 't know what 's gonna happen , Phillip . And the current of energy is so powerful . It 's unlike anything I 've ever seen . And the thought of what that could do to my son ... I don 't want him to suffer . You 're all set , Mr. Bishop . Are you sure you don 't want me to call Olivia ? If it doesn 't work , she 's gonna find out soon enough . Just tell her that- - Whatever it is , you 'll tell her yourself . Can I get you anything , son ? A sedative ? Something to calm you ? - I 'm calm . - You 're sure now ? I 'm okay , Walter . The techs said they 're ready when you are , Peter . Good luck . If this works and I save both universes , I want you to consider me officially retired . I 'll think about it . We 'll be here waiting for you . Wait . Give me your hands . What is that ? Electro-conductive gel . If there 's an energy current , it will pass through the hand holds and this gel will keep it from burning your skin . Walter ... I 'm okay . I was never good at letting you go . This time , you have to . Son ... I know . [ Beeping ] [ Groans ] Peter ! ( Female EMT ) Male , 32 years of age , closed head trauma , possible concussion , non-responsive . He suffered a massive surge of electricity . Vitals ? BP 80 over 50 . Pulse 45 , regular . Gail , what 's open ? Trauma Bay 2 . His blood type is A-positive . Let 's take him to 2 . We 'll do an MRI . And you need to do an echocardiogram as well . You have to wait here , sir . No , no , no , no , no . You listen . No , no . You listen to me . [ Quavering ] This is my son . I understand , sir . We 'll take good care of him . Excuse me , miss . This area 's for staff and immediate family only . I 'm looking for Peter Bishop . He was brought in about an hour ago . He 's a white , 32- - Olivia ! She 's with us . How 's Peter ? He 's still unconscious , but his vitals are stable . They just- - they can 't wake him up . He 's with the doctors now . Oh , God . They did an MRI . They said that there is no apparent brain trauma . They 're just hoping that he 's gonna come out of it soon . What happened ? [ Sighs ] Peter tried to go into the machine . It wouldn 't let him . It 's like it 's protecting itself or something . Is Walter here ? Yeah . He 's taking it pretty hard . I don 't know my way around here . Other people , I suppose , find comfort being in chapels , speaking to you . I have no other place to turn . I asked you for a sign , and you sent it to me . A white tulip . And I was so grateful . Since then , in moments of deep despair , I have found solace in believing that you had forgiven me . I was willing to let him go . I was willing to let Peter die . I 've changed . That should matter . God , I know my crimes are unforgiveable . So punish me . Do what you want to me . But I beg you , spare our world . ( Sam ) Hello , Olivia . Sam , I 've been looking for you everywhere . The machine is on . I know . And I need you to take me to it . Sam , what is going on ? Olivia , you have to trust me now , please . We don 't have a lot of time . I know this is hard for you . Oh , you don 't know anything about me . Don 't I ? This morning in my office , you asked how I could be willing to let my son die to heal our world . But you understand sacrifice better than anyone , Olivia . You were willing to leave your son behind , to risk your life for what you perceived to be the greater good . We 're more alike than you think . I don 't understand how killing billions of people could possibly be in the interest of the greater good . That 's because you still have the luxury of your ideals . I have to be pragmatic . You 've put me in a difficult position . Anyone else would be rotting away in a stockade for treason , but you are the mother of my grandson . You 'll stay here for your own good until this is over . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
