 [ Dr. Nicholas Rush ] : I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission . [ Eli Wallace ] : You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? [ Camile Wray ] : The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . [ Colonel Everett Young ] : I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . [ Lt. Matthew Scott ] : You are a good commander . [ Young ] : There is no mission other than getting these people home . [ Rush ] : It was never about going home . It 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . [ Eli ] : Ginn and I figured out how to dial the ninth chevron back to Earth while Destiny recharges in a star . Wait three seconds , then follow me ! [ Rush : The connection was made . You were the only one who made it through to Earth . You 're Matthew Scott , and you 're Ronald Greer . How do you know our names ? I don 't even know how this is possible . [ Young ] : Their civilization was founded 2,000 years ago by the crew of the Destiny . [ Scott ] : What 's Novus ? The planet where you founded our civilization , but then one day , something happened , and we couldn 't connect to Novus anymore . Will you take us home ? [ Scott ] : You see any movement down there ? Negative . [ Jason ] : But millions of people lived here . Where did they all go ? Colonel ? [ Sighs ] TJ ? No . It 's Chloe . Where-where 's Steven ? I 'm right here , dad . Sara 's on her way . She 'll be here any minute . [ Weakly ] : I 'm sorry . [ Beep ] Ash . [ Scott ] : We just did a recon of the city center . Place is completely deserted . Hard to breathe , too , with all the ash falling . So much for dropping them all off down there . I don 't want you hanging around if it 's too dangerous . Yes , sir , but Yaozu took us to the entrance to an underground complex . It 's sort of like a giant fallout shelter . Who knows , there could be people holed up in there . I think we should check it out . Be careful . Planet 's unstable . Copy that . Got a problem , though . Doors are sealed . Pretty thick , too . We tried to blast it open with C-4 , even used the shuttle 's weapons , but no luck . We can use Destiny 's main weapon , blow a hole in it . Yeah , and destroy the entire complex in the process . We 'll dial down the power . 60 % . The doors are pretty thick , and the actual bunker is way underground , hundreds of feet . I 'd say it 's worth a shot . Yeah . All right , give us the coordinates . I got a lock . Lieutenant , we are ready to fire . Are you clear of the area ? Yes , sir . Fire away . Lieutenant ? Colonel , we 're on-site ... Nice shooting . It worked . There 's still power . That 's a good sign . My father worked down here . He would sometimes bring me with him . I remember running through these halls as a child . [ Soft muzak plays ] Hello ? What is this room ? [ Yaozu ] : The Teneran Archive . The entire history of our people is stored here . [ Eli ] : Let 's hope it can tell us what happened to them . ♪ Stargate Universe 2x18 ♪ Epilogue Original Air Date on April 25 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = Ellison ? I don 't know ! This isn 't Earth ! Something obviously went wrong ! All right , Greer , James , organize teams ! We need to find shelter ! Where 's Telford ? He didn 't make it ! Why ? What happened to him ? I don 't know ! You brought a Kino ? I know we weren 't supposed to- - Find a planet ! Can you redial Destiny ? It 's gone ! [ Scott ] : All right , everyone , stay calm ! Stay close ! [ Young , roaring ] : Turn this off ! The first recording stored in the Teneran archive . 2,000 years ago . I 'm still trying to wrap my mind around that . See what else they 've got . Okay , communications are up . We should be able to talk to Destiny . Just hit that button . This one ? Yeah . Colonel , this is Scott , do you read ? Yeah , we read you . Yeah , we are in one of the archive rooms . There 's a bunch of them , on several levels . Still no people ? Not a soul . Well , we have power , though . The grid draws from a combo of solar , wind , and geothermal energy . Is there anything worth salvaging ? Tons ! We found The Testament people were talking about , the entire Teneran repository . Thousands of Kino recordings , historical documents , a detailed account of when we first got here from Destiny . None of which is any good to us right now . We 've got a ship full of people . We need supplies for life support . There 's also food storage . Canned goods , survival-type rations . Good , we 'll use the shuttles to start ferrying supplies to Destiny . You should go down , check the place out . Okay . Keep me posted . Yes , sir . Colonel ! People are starting to pass out . Atmosphere 's way too thin . We 've got four addresses . Start dialing . Whoa , wait ! What if they 're worse than this place ? We can 't just walk through blind . We 'll just send a Kino through first . What , there 's more than one ? Six , actually . I wasn 't the only one who decided to sneak one through . Start dialing ! Long way down , huh ? Yeah , my ears popped on the way . Like the muzak , though . So , this is the archive room ? Yeah , the main one . Five others above us . Above that , living quarters , tech and other supplies , food storage . Scott and Greer are already up there scouting the place . Where you going ? To join them . They don 't need any help . Young 's sending down- - yup . Colonel , this is Scott , come in . Go ahead . Yeah , this planet looks good . You can start sending people through . Copy that . Well , this is it , our new home , a planet known only to God . Hell of a lot of data here . Yeah , it looks like they documented everything . " It is easier to know where you are going when you know where you have been . " Eli Wallace . You know , it 's going to take years to get through all this . We 'll bring it back to Destiny . Yeah , these drives are built right into the structure , so I don 't think we 're going to be able to physically move them . So we configure an uplink , stream the data . My thoughts exactly . [ Muttering ] Brody ... Hmm ? [ Quietly ] : Brody ! Hmm ? Mm-hm ... Sorry . Is it okay if I ... do this ? Uh ... maybe I should do it . [ Clearing throat ] You are the founding father of the enemy nation , after all . Hmm . Futura . [ Chuckling ] That 's a stupid- - Enough with the name . [ Scott ] : That 's it . [ TJ ] : Some people brought through clothing items . Hair pins , bandannas . We 're going through it all . Not much . We just have to make do until Rush figures out where we are and brings Destiny back in range so we can dial . [ Eli ] : Seriously ? [ Wray ] : Adam , Destiny 's gone . Destroyed . [ Brody ] : We don 't know that for certain . [ Eli ] : No , we don 't , but we also don 't know if this is present day , either . We were dialing inside a star . It could 've hit a solar flare . For all we know , we could 've gone back in time , or-or forward , days , months , years- - [ Young ] : The fact is , we 're stuck here now for God knows how long , so we need to build shelter , we need to find food . Let 's move . Rush , come check this out ! 2,000 years on the other side of the universe ... And beef jerky survives . Hey , there you are ! Eli and the others are working on a way to upload the archive back up to Destiny . If we try to go through it all down here , we 'd never leave . What are you reading ? There are thousands of books in here . A bunch of school textbooks , math , science , all written by Eli . The college drop-out . [ They chuckle ] Yeah . So you 've been sitting down here reading textbooks ? No , I found my diary . I know , weird . My first entry when we got to this planet- - " the air is good . Plenty of trees , fresh water , a lot like Earth ... " " Two weeks have gone by , and we now have a name for our home- - Novus . It means ' new . ' we 're trying to settle in , get some decent shelters built . I 'm still not sleeping well . Never thought I 'd say this , but ... I miss Destiny . " [ Brody ] : Look , I already told you we can 't move there . [ Eli ] : Why not ? It 's not far . It 's flat , wide open , plenty of room- - because it 's a flood plain . First rain , and we 're washed out . We 've got good protection here , up slope , out of the wind . Plenty of trees to build proper shelters , homes- - How ? We have no tools . One of the springs on the plain is seeping ferric hydroxide . Bog iron deposits . It should get us jump-started on basic tool-making . Then we can really speed things up . I still think it 's a good idea to look for a better location- - you know what , it was your good idea that got us stuck on this planet in the first place ! What ? You agreed with it- - We are here because of your calculations ! Both of you , stop this right now . We 're not doing this again , all right ? The decision is made . We are staying here . Sir , we 're going to have to build a fence . There 's wildlife on this planet . We just saw some nasty-looking creatures on our scout . Great . I 've got people out on patrol , but we 're going to run out of ammo real quick . Yeah , hence the fence . Right , sounds good . How about we do it . Let 's go . It 's amazing . We came here with hardly anything , and 2,000 years later ... Our kids done good . [ Sighs ] Kind of want to read the rest of it . See who ended up with- - [ earthquake rumbling ] Under the table ! [ Rumbling ceases , objects clatter to rest ] Uh , guys ? You might want to get moving on that data transfer . That 's very good . You okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Ooh , I hate earthquakes . Yeah ? It 's my first , actually . Greer , this is Scott , you okay up there ? Yeah , everybody 's all good . We 're sending down additional teams to help with those supplies . We need to pick up the pace . Phew . [ Chloe reads ] : " Six weeks on the planet . We 've been doing okay , for the most part ... Until today . " Garden ? That fruit that Scott and Greer found ? Planting some seeds , see what happens . TJ ! [ Chloe ] : " Volker 's condition is getting worse . TJ doesn 't know what 's wrong with him . She thinks maybe his kidneys are failing , but without any medical equipment , she can 't be sure , and there 's nothing she can do to help him . " " Today we had our first funeral . Dr. Dale Volker . " Hey ... Lieutenant Scott just radioed . The shuttle 's loaded and ready to take you back to Destiny to start the uplink . [ Elevator hisses open ] [ Wray ] : A small cut , but it may need a couple of stitches . I 'm fine- - You will be , once I patch you up . [ Wincing ] You 're not getting enough rest . Nobody is . The others follow your lead . What is that ? The stitches , what is it ? Tendons from one of those animals that Greer killed . The needle could use a little work , though . [ Chuckles ] Best Brody could make on short notice . You okay ? Yeah . With all this construction going on , people need to be more careful . Not overdo it , know when to rest . Yeah , I 'll keep that in mind . Okay , there you go . Take it easy and watch for infection . Got it . [ Wincing ] Son of a ... You okay ? Yeah , I 'm good . I 'm good ... [ Whispering ] : Hey , listen , nobody blames you . It is what it is . We 're here ... And we have our whole lives ahead . Make the most of it . That easy , huh ? No . But beating yourself up every day , it just makes it worse . [ Eli ] : The Stargate was destroyed in one of the eruptions . Buried in lava decades ago . Most of the people left the planet before then , but after they lost the gate , they needed to figure another way out . Both of the countries realized they stood a better chance of survival if they worked together , so they pooled their resources and they built ships . Huge , huge ships . Not capable of FTL , but big enough to evacuate the rest of the population . Where did they go ? They went to one of the planets they had previously sent an expedition team to . 10 days travel for us on Destiny in FTL , but it 'll take them a few hundred years with their ships . Good to know they got their act together . Hey , look , uh , we never really talked . Don 't worry about it . I 'm okay . See , this is always the time I do something to sabotage things . It 's kind of a defense mechanism . Tough to explain . It 's not tough at all . Everything you 've ever cared about has been taken from you , so you 're trying to make sure it doesn 't happen again . This is a huge step for you , Matt . I 'm proud of you . You should be proud of yourself . Well , still . I 'll understand if you don 't wanna come . Are you kidding ? First wedding on Novus ? Camile 's gonna make a pie , so ... [ Chuckling ] I wouldn 't miss it . [ Chloe ] : " Today was a good day on Novus . The best day yet . " So ... everybody 's hooking up . Matt and Chloe are married . Now , rumor is Varro and James are getting together . Figures . TJ just had her baby boy , named him Steven , after her father . Yeah ... Everybody 's getting together , except me ... And Brody . [ Over intercom ] : This is Eli . Is Volker back on the ship yet ? Yeah , I 'm here . Are you ready ? All set . We 're starting the transfer now . Eli , look at this . The factory where they built their interstellar ships ? According to this , there 's one ship still in there . It was still under construction when they left the planet . How close to completion ? Is it operational ? I don 't know . What ? [ Eli ] : Let 's see . Come on . I 'm documenting your progress . You 'll thank me for this later , I promise . Come on . And how far along are you ? Six months . [ Eli laughs ] Matt 's going crazy trying to build them a house before the baby arrives . I told him not to worry about it , but you know Matt . Sign he 's going to make a great father . And you a great Uncle . [ Alert beeps ] Oh , crap . I just accessed the geothermal monitoring data . It turns out their theory 's right . A black hole has entered this system . The tidal forces are ripping this planet apart . Is that a fault line ? Yeah ! Running right under the city . Very active , and very shallow . The crust is increasingly thin , like shattering glass . Magma bubbling up everywhere . We can 't stay here much longer . The database is immense . The transfer could take days . 37 hours with my compression algorithm . Well , let 's hope that 's enough time . [ Screaming in agony ] Good , good , you 're doing good . Where 's TJ ? Eli went to get her . Don 't worry , don 't worry . Y-you 're doing fine . I 'll love you . Just don 't forget to breathe- - Shut up and leave me alone ! Oh , thank God ! Come on ... Okay , just breathe . Yeah , yeah , I 've been telling her to keep breathing- - No , you ! Wow , just on time . You 're crowning . What can I do ? Get ready to cut the cord . Okay , Chloe , one last push . Ready ? [ Straining and screaming ] [ Screaming in agony ] [ Shrieking in pain ] [ Screaming ] It 's a boy . I can 't believe it . I 'm a daddy . You have any names picked out ? Dale . Babies are being born . Chloe , Park , James . TJ and Colonel Young already have two , a boy and a girl . It 's good , you know , for the future of our settlement , but still , sometimes ... It 's a girl . Huh . Mom and baby are fine . [ Sighs heavily ] You okay ? Uh , yeah . Just , um ... Tired . [ Chuckles ruefully ] Yeah . [ Screaming in pain ] Me and Corporal Barnes ? Something worth pursuing ? [ Control panel beeps ] [ Earthquake rumbling ] [ Rumbling ceases ] Rush ? Yeah . How bad ? Park says 6.2 . Pretty strong . The fault line they discovered is getting wider . The city 's crumbling into it . All right , well , be smart . Don 't wait too long to get the hell out of there . We won 't . We 've got a pretty good eye on it , and it looks like this bunker was built to withstand a lot . I think we 're okay . [ Concrete crumbling ] And ? And what ? How was it ? [ Chuckles ] It was fine . We had a very pleasant dinner . [ Chuckles ] Of all the dates I 've had since we got here , she 's easily the most compatible with me . So then what 's the problem ? I don 't know . I mean ... I 've already found my soulmate . I don 't need another . Steven , no , don 't eat that ! [ Laughing ] Don 't eat that ... [ Boy giggles ] That was a close call . Yeah . You okay ? Yeah . Records say there 's actually a ship still in the factory , a few kilometers outside the city . Doesn 't say if it 's operational or not , but if it is , it 'll be capable of holding the entire group of descendants . All right . Go ahead and check it out . How 's the transfer coming ? So far , so good . Just over 900 exabytes . Still a drop in the bucket , though . Perfect . I need you to take me back to Destiny . No , I 'm flying them over to check out that ship-building factory . Yeah , fine , then you can take me back to the Destiny . [ Gasps in pain ] My symptoms are getting worse . It 's ... Affecting my legs . I 'm losing my balance , stumbling . My speech is also ... I 'm slurring words here and there . I have trouble eating . I wish I could do a more accurate diagnosis , but ... It sounds like ALS . Lou Gehrig 's disease . Tamara , I just heard . This disease ... Just because the other you got it when you came to this planet , it doesn 't mean you 'll get it . Yeah , it does . It 's not something that you contract . I 'm carrying it right now . Is there anything you can do ? Any medicines ? There 's no cure . Coming up on the factory . TJ ... Colonel , you didn 't have to come down here . Volker 's checking Destiny 's medical database to see if there 's anything , anything in there at all on this disease , okay ? The first , um , symptoms presented five years after we arrived on the planet . I died a few years after that . This is Scott . Has Colonel Young arrived there yet ? [ Beeps communications on ] Yeah , Scott , I 'm here . Yeah , we just did a pass over the site where the factory used to be . It 's gone . The fault line cut right through it . It 's a river of lava now . We need to leave this planet immediately . Agreed . Scott , get everyone back to Destiny , then get back down here , we 'll start clearing out . Yeah , but , sir , what about all those people back on Destiny ? Nearest planet is 10 days away- - No , no , don 't worry about it , they 'll be fine . Yeah , we don 't have a choice . We have to get everyone back on board . Copy . [ Crying ] [ ♪ ] About a third of the database has been transferred . Still a long way to go . We 're cutting it short . I want everyone back to the surface as soon as possible for evac . But , Colonel , there 's still so much that we can- - [ earthquake rumbling ] Get down . Get down . [ Rumbling ceases ] You all right ? Yeah . All right , get back to the surface . Wait for Scott 's shuttle . You all right ? I heard the others talking about you . The disease you carry , we have a cure . You do ? Our scientists discovered it over 200 years ago . Cures for other diseases as well , all of them in the archive . [ Volker ] : Rush , are you back on Destiny ? Yes , I 'm here . Then why didn 't you tell me ? I 'm sorry , I wasn 't aware I had to check in with you . You heard about TJ ? Yeah . I 'm searching the ancient medical database for anything on ALS , and I could really use some help . I 'm sorry , I 'm a bit busy at the moment . Doing what ? Something more pressing . I 'll be with you when I 'm finished . Our son , Alan , just broke the news . His wife , Claire , is pregnant . Grandparents . We 're going to be grandparents . Well , it 's that time again . The yearly family reunion . Three kids and five grandkids . Just drafted a rough outline of a constitution . People are responding well to it , for the most part . Oh , and we 're converting one of the storage houses into a schoolroom . Eli 's teaching the kids . He 's actually quite good at it . A wonderful teacher . [ Eli ] : Hmm , thanks . Four sons . Three daughters . 15 grandchildren . I 'm tired . [ Laughing ] [ Irritated ] All these kids , laughing and dancing . Everybody dancing . Tearing up my lawn . When I was a kid , we had more respect for people 's- - touched down , sir . Greer and his team are bringing up the next batch of supplies . Copy that . Chloe and wray are also headed up with Yaozu . Take Brody and park with you . I 'll take everyone else on the other shuttle . Copy that . Eli , anything ? We had to compress the data to speed up the transfer . One huge file , which means I can 't do a specific search for als until we uncompress what we 've already uploaded , and I can 't do that until we stop the transfer . About a third of the database has already gone through , so there 's a one-in-three chance it 's in there . The longer we wait , the better the chances . I say it 's worth it- - [ earthquake rumbling ] [ Structure crumbling ] [ Chloe ] : " Colonel Young won re-election . Most of us are happy , but some still want to do things differently . Today a group of them announced they 're leaving . Whether they stay here on Novus or gate to another planet , they didn 't say . " [ Debris falling ] [ Eli ] : Power 's cut off . Data transfer 's shut down and communications . [ Varro ] : A big section of stairs are out about six levels up . Scott , this is Young , can you read ? Yeah , Colonel . Everyone make it out ? Yeah , everyone 's okay . They 're all aboard . You all right ? Yeah , we 're fine , but we 're cut off . No power to the elevators , and the stairs are out . We 're gonna have to come up the ladder . Eli ... [ Concrete crumbling ] Great . [ Earthquake rumbling ] [ Structure crashing ] Colonel , this is Scott . We made it down to level 14 . Stairs are out below . We got rope if you need it . You should be on your way back to Destiny . We 'll leave when you leave , sir . There 's Eli . [ Bolt snaps ] Platform ! [ Grunting with effort ] [ Bolt snaps , Varro shouts ] [ Body thuds heavily ] [ Young ] : Throw down the rope ! We just lost Varro ! You all right ? Yeah . [ Young ] : Okay , pull her up . We got her ! Sending the rope back down . [ Rope slaps ] Okay , pull ! [ Earthquake rumbling ] [ Whispering ] He 's alive . [ Earthquake rumbling ] Pull ! Now ! [ Gasping in fright ] Where are the rest ? We put ' em on the other shuttle . Everyone hang on ! [ Engines surge ] [ Sighing weakly ] I 'm sorry , Chloe . Sorry for what ? I never got us home . [ Scott ] : Got here as quick as we could . Sara ... I 'm here , dad . Colonel ... We are home . [ Park ] : For co2 scrubbing . A highly advanced substance , much more effective than lime . This one canister alone will last for years . And you brought back cases of it ? We 'll certainly need it with all these extra people on board . Well , it 's just ten days till we drop them off with the people on the expedition planet . Yeah . It burns you up , doesn 't it ? What ? We did all right after leaving Destiny . We got along just fine ... Without you . Broken ribs . Lacerations , bruises . He 's stable for now , but all we can do is wait and watch . [ Eli ] : We 've been searching what we were able to transfer from the archive . The ALS cure wasn 't in there . [ Young ] : Well , what about Destiny 's ancient database ? Nothing in there yet either . I-it 's difficult , different names for diseases , procedures . It 's hard to do a quick search . What about the ships ? Th-that they used to evacuate Novus . They probably took a copy of the archive with them , so when we drop people off on the planet- - they won 't be there yet . The ships don 't have FTL . They won 't arrive for ... 200 years , and finding them in the middle of empty space ... Yeah . But , TJ , there 's so much else that did make it in the transfer . A ton of other medical stuff . We can learn from it , from our descendants . We will figure out a cure . I know it . [ Kids laughing ] I 'd like to thank you all for coming to this very special occasion , the dedication of our beautiful new school . My grandfather spent his life laying down the foundation for our education system . It 's why this new school bears his name . As principal , I 'll do my best to uphold his legacy of inquiry and discovery , and to carry it forward to future generations . Now , please help me welcome our guest of honor ... Two-term mayor , the author of our constitution , and the last surviving member of the settlers from Destiny , Camile Wray . [ Warm applause ] I want to begin with a few words of greeting . Wahn shee rul yee . " May all things go according to the wishes of those that hear it . " When we first arrived here , we thought we had failed . We didn 't achieve the mission on Destiny , but now , looking at all your smiling faces , at this beautiful new school , I can 't help but feel a great sense of pride ... And success . Because , as we discovered , our mission is , and always will be , the journey itself . [ Applause ] [ ♪ ] = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
