 Doug ! Where were you ? Wherever you go ... there you are . I 'm so sorry , but Sarita Malhotra is waiting in the board room . I told her you needed to reschedule but she wanted to wait . Who set up that meeting ? I don 't remember it . I ... don 't know , I can find out for you . What else ? HR still waiting to set that empowerment seminar ... Yeah , yeah . Tell them I empower them to do it without me . Everything else can wait . Is there anything for me ? I need you to find the information about Julia Samson ? What do you want to know ? I want to make sure she 's not dead . Uh ... OK . Did you want me to get rid of Ms Malhotra for you ? Where 's she from ? MW News . ♪ Bar Karma 1x12 ♪ Man Walks Out of a Bar Original Air Date on April 29 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = Sorry to make you wait . I think the CEO gets to say who 's late and who 's early , don 't you ? Alright , let 's see it . The MW NEWS mission is to be the premier news source in the world . We are independent , solely funded by private investors . You may have seen some of our beta broadcasts . What makes you say that ? Our broadcasts are linked to several public venues - -taverns and the like ... out of the way places ... perhaps you 've watched us . Background noise--TV news is history - but that 's not what you are . True . MW News is different . They are stories that exist only as possibilities . The future , Mr. Jones . I can offer you that . How ? Long ago , Quantum mechanics showed us that the very act of viewing a microscopic event will tend to change the event itself . Our research has focused on the many worlds interpretation on quantum mechanics with outstanding results . We 're within months of unlocking and reporting on the future , Mr. Jones . Here . In this world . For everyone . And we 're having this conversation because ... ? Getting there , on the scale we 're talking about , will require massive amounts of capital . I see . Well , capital 's easy . Figuring out who gets to see the future isn 't . Who do you work for ? An eclectic mix of what you might call foreground and background players . Our investors . Hey , wait ! Go back one . You know him . An early investor . Very elusive . Seems to have fallen off the map . Perhaps you could help us locate him . His name is - James Anon . I 'll get back to you . Music on . ♪ Still rich . I love this song . Whoa , you 're here , I mean , here . Does James know ? He knows I went looking for you . I thought he wanted you to stay in the bar . He didn 't have a choice . Why did you leave ? To get answers . About Julia ? Wouldn 't you want to know if you killed someone ? And once you figure out , will you come back ? I don 't know . I missed this . Your apartment ? Making my own rules . When I 'm here , I know what to do . I mean , I 've got my computer set up to beep if my finances even think about going wobbly . I 've got a staff of hundreds that have my back . I 'm always in control . I know how things are going to turn out . I don 't think I can leave this . Even if it means spreading a virus faster and faster . Its been happening ever since Caleb escaped . What virus ? According to James , your good luck and my bad luck . That 's a virus ? Maybe it 's just an illusion . Along with your bar . Your bar . I 'll tell you what , bring me the deed and I 'll sign it over to you . You can 't Doug . What we 're accomplishing in there is so much bigger than what you 're doing out here . Maybe . But maybe this is enough for me , Dayna . Sorry . Who 's the little guy ? I was a funny looking kid . Any friends ? One . Next door . Whenever I was grounded , which was a lot , we would pass notes through the slats of the fence . That 's sweet . But one morning , I woke up to sirens . There was a fire and ... Worst night of my life . It 's you . You look so much younger than me now . Time stands still in the bar . And I thought my company had good benefits . Do you still love those peanut butter grilled cheese sandwiches ? Why ? You hungry ? Starved . I can 't find them . We shouldn 't have sent her out there . Things are coming unglued in a hurry . I can 't believe you ordered these from a five-star restaurant . Is this even on the menu ? He owes me . Okay , now you sound like a loan shark . Loan shark , corporate shark , what 's the difference ? At some point I 'm gonna need you to fill in some blanks here . Before dessert ? Well , at least before one of us has to use the bathroom and goes through the door ... . ... And ends up someplace else . I see your point . So why didn 't you tell me who you were until now ? We were already overwhelming you with so much information . Everything has its time . You 're starting to sound like James . He 's a good teacher . You really like it at the bar , huh ? It 's the happiest I 've ever been . For once I 'm actually helping people instead of ruining them . What if we did the same work out here ? I have money , influence , connections . We can help a lot of people . I can 't be out here . Yes you can . If you 're with me . We can cancel each other out right ? Let me ask you something . When I left the neighborhood , how often did you get grounded ? Never . My bad luck is stronger than your good luck . I 'm afraid if I go with you , I 'll never come back here . Bar Karma can 't trap you , or take away your free will . Maybe you don 't come back because you don 't want to . Doubtful . What 's that ? Stock alert . I haven 't got much time . You 're saying this is because of you ? Wow . But why you ? And why me ? I 'm sorry , but if you want to hear the whole story , you 'll have to come back to the bar ... That is some serious bad luck . Alright , alright . Here it goes . I 'm not ready to buy but want an exclusive interview ? You know you 're going to sell to me . So why the charade ? Everything has a price , Caleb . We 're trying to find ours . Choices are limited . There 's one side or the other . You seem awfully anxious about this . Time is wasting , Sarita . You don 't even have an offer from him yet . But I 'll pay you double what you 're asking if we do the deal now . It 's more than money . I need to be sure we share the same vision . How 's this vision - - Power . Real power . Convincing people that what you feel is exactly what they feel . Inspiring them to happily bend to your will , almost beg you to accept their subservience . I know how to create power and how to execute it . That 's what I can offer you . Convincing . Let 's talk after this after the interview . He 'll be here any minute . Any minute ? What does that mean to a man whose been trapped in the Void between the branches of time ? Any minute . Ha ! You had me worried there for a decade or so . Yeah , I had myself worried , too . Still a train wreck out there ? Worse than ever . Sorry to hear that . But you saw Doug ? Yes , he 's okay . He saw the picture ? He knows ? He still has questions , but yes , he knows . Things are falling into place . Or at least , some things are ... MW News has been off the air this whole time ... We know you 're a billionaire . We know you 're a playboy . It 's rumored that you 're a control freak as well . Have you always been " the guy " ? To be honest , I 'm currently considering a little side venture where I am not " the guy " . Will you have a majority interest in this side venture Like I said , I 'm just considering . Not ready to commit to anything . Have you had a disagreement over tactics ? Do you have some insider information you want to share ? Certainly a man of your accomplishments and , let 's say , good fortune could get used by individuals who are simply trying to further their own agendas by borrowing some of that Doug Jones magic . Well , we all reap what we sow . What 's that supposed to mean ? Just from a song that opened doors for me . I wish it would again . Take a listen . He wants to come back . I 've got him . Who were you talking to ? The boss . The boss ? I thought I was the boss ! No , no more cards . I came back for real answers James , not just possibilities . I told you how important you were when you came here . You still are . I gather you got to witness some of Dayna 's impact while she was out there with you ... ? The very nature of her negative power is that it is uncontrolled . And can never be controlled , except in here . Anger motivates action And revolution . Same can be said of envy . It keeps us hungry . Lust keeps us populated . Some people thrive on that chaos . Like Caleb . He and I were both part of a conglomerate called Karma , Inc . And he wanted me out there , causing as much damage as I could . My brother blocked me from bringing Dayna in here several times . So I had no choice . I locked him in the Void . Before that , Karma , Inc . wasn 't taking sides in the war between Caleb and James . But when they demanded that James release Caleb , he refused . That 's when we broke away from them . But we realized we needed you to survive . So did it happen or not ? Which is it ? Let 's play this out ... You ? That 's right . This scenario was a simulated Branching Event we created for you . FOR me ? You never would have agreed otherwise ... You set me up ? No man in his right mind would leave the life you had . You had to think it was all crashing down around you . Did he trick you , too ? Wait , no ... Maybe we should leave him here . Let him wander the universe alone in his stinking bar . Turn the tables on the old man ! How 'd that be , James ? He didn 't trick me . He saved me . James knew it was important for us to meet early on . Nothing like the bond of a childhood friendship , when words and feelings are pure and honest . You 'll both need that trust to carry you through the next phase of our mission . First , I got Dayna here and kept her safe . But I needed you to balance her out . How could you let him do that to me ? Because Karma is more important than any of us . So what now ? That 's up to you . You can walk out that door and let the forces of Caleb run wild . Or stay in here and help us fight him . If I do this let 's be clear . It 's not for you . I understand . Alright . I 'm in ... again - for now . Who else could use a drink ? No - - I 'll get that . To karma . I got this one . You 're just in time for a board meeting . How did you do this ? Come on , James . It 's over ! Your two kids over there think they 're all dialed in , ready to save the world , but guess what James ? They don 't know how to do anything ! Come on James , have a drink . Last call , James ! ( Man ) Time is running out . ( Dayna ) Your karma has found you . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
