 We were able to identify 23 chromosomes your grandson inherited from his mother . Hopefully , that 's enough to activate the machine . ( Male announcer ) Previously , on Fringe ... ( Nina ) The machine came on by itself , without Peter . ( Walter ) The vortex appeared above this field . It 's the end of the world . This is just the beginning . That machine was made for me . We all thought that I could turn the machine on . Maybe I can turn it off . I think this is what I 'm supposed to do . I was never good at letting you go . This time , you have to . ♪ ♪ [ Loud boom ] Peter ! Peter , I 'm here , son . You 're up . Of course . I was just resting my eyes . How is he ? His pulse is strong . I just spoke with Dr. Levin . She 's planning on keeping him sedated for at least another 12 hours . She thinks the fact that his vitals are stable is a very positive sign . She 's hopeful that he 's gonna come out of this without any permanent damage . She can 't possibly know that . Peter interacted with a machine of immense power . Surge like that could have disrupted his neural patterns , created memory deficits , aphasia . Walter , let 's wait and see , okay ? How about we go for a walk ? You know , you haven 't eaten in hours . The cafeteria is just downstairs . [ Sighs ] I think I saw tapioca pudding on the menu . Well , I can 't deny I 'm hungry . ♪ ♪ Hey , dad , something weird is happening . What 's up , Nate ? Are you feeling sick ? No , I- - [ electricity crackles ] [ Screams ] What the hell was that ? Ah ! [ Indistinct shouts ] Are you okay , Nate ? I think so . It 's okay , buddy . It 's over . You wait here . I 'm gonna take a look . Gary , no . You 'll be safe in the car . Just stay down , don 't touch anything . ( Man ) No ! Just stay in the car ! Just stay in the car . Oh , my God . [ Electricity crackles ] [ Indistinct shouts ] ♪ Fringe 3x21 ♪ The Last Sam Weiss Original Air Date on April 29 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = It wasn 't supposed to happen this way . What do you mean , " this way " ? It 's already on . Yes , it 's been on for the past 32 hours . So how can that be ? This doesn 't make sense . Walter thinks that the machines are quantum entangled and that this machine was triggered when they activated theirs on the other side . Even so , how did they turn it on in the first place ? This machine was built for Peter . Only he can operate it . Well , he tried , but the machine sent him flying . It 's hot-wired . It 's tricked into thinking he 's already inside . That 's why it 's repelling anyone or anything trying to enter . So you 're thinking that it 's malfunctioning . What I 'm saying is it 's frustrated ... In a manner of speaking . That 's why you 're seeing all this damage out in the world . It 's not a doomsday device , but it 's acting like one . Okay , so how do we stop it ? In case of emergency , break glass . I believe there 's a way we can disarm the force field and let Peter in safely . Okay , I read the First People book cover to cover and there 's nothing in it about that . Not in your book . This is the manuscript the books are based on . These pages were never published . Okay , so what am I looking at ? This is a box . This is the key that opens the box . Well , what 's inside the box ? According to this , it 's a crowbar of sorts . - A crowbar ? - Yes . It 'll pry the force field open long enough for Peter to get in . And what happens if he does ? - Does he die ? - No . I don 't think so . You don 't think so ? As I understand it , the machine is indestructible . So if Peter gets in , he should be safe . Okay , so where are these now ? Come on . It 's a long time since I 've seen a classic fruit cocktail . Why do you suppose that is ? I suppose loading fruit with sugar , artificial flavors and dyes has just fallen out of favor . That 's a shame , isn 't it ? Not a fire . It 's a freak lightning storm . I need you to call the Burn Center , see how many they can take . ( Nurse ) Second-degree burns . Trauma bay four is prepped and ready . Getting worse . We don 't know that this has anything to do with the machine . I think we do . I want another team on the scene and get the governor on the line . Hey , what happened ? A spontaneous dry lightning storm just outside Worcester . 25 people injured in similar storms are being reported up and down the eastern seaboard . Electro-static fluctuations in the atmosphere . I 'm not surprised . [ Cell phone rings ] Sorry , I have to take this . Yes ? Put him through . Mr. Governor . We should get back to Peter . Walter , this is a Fringe event . We need to get back to the lab . I 'm not leaving him . Peter would not want you to sit by his bedside and do nothing . I 'll make sure that the hospital calls us . We 'll be back before he wakes up . I 'm afraid I 'm out of ideas . Forgive me if I 'd like to spend my remaining time with my son . Well , what about Olivia ? You saw how hard it was for her to leave him , but she 's out there trying to find a way to end this . I too have tried . I went so far as to ask God for help . How did he respond ? Nothing . That 's your excuse ? Come on now . What have you done , Walter ? God helps those who help themselves . Poor Richard 's Almanack . What ? Ben Franklin . That was his phrase . " God helps those who help themselves . " You 're right . We have to investigate . We can 't begin to neutralize this until we understand . Well , where are we going ? To get my kite . ( Sam ) I 'm not the first Sam Weiss . So which Sam Weiss is this ? That 's my great-great-great-great grandfather . He was digging for Mastodon bones when he discovered an ancient manuscript instead . So he was the one who wrote the First People book . No , that was the fifth Sam Weiss . The third and fourth Sams spent their lives searching for the manuscript 's missing sections . You 're a dedicated bunch . A machine with the power to create and destroy worlds shouldn 't be taken lightly . Dang , this is heavy . Okay . Let 's go get the key . No . Maybe we shouldn 't be doing this at all . The crowbar 's not to be used unless something goes wrong with the machine . Uh , look outside , Sam . Something is going wrong . The time line 's not right . Maybe this is a cosmic hiccup . Maybe it 'll course-correct on its own . Or maybe it will destroy two universes . That 's exactly my point . You know , generations of knowledge have been bestowed upon me . But no one said anything about the other side turning on the machine first . Okay , Sam , I 'm gonna make this really easy for you . I am armed and I want you to take me to the key now . Ho-ho ! That 's it ! Come and get me ! Strike me down , you sprites , you elves , you glorious blue jets ! Walter , this can 't possibly be safe . Nonsense ! I 'm fully insulated . Are you tracking the field strength ? Yeah , it 's all over the place . Needle won 't sit still . Ah-ha ! Oh ! Whoo ! Whoo ! What was the voltage on that one ? Uh ... I 'm gonna go with " high . " We 're not even getting any more electrical readings . What about barometric pressure ? Walter ! Oh , my God ! Hey ! Hey , Walter . What happened ? You just got struck by lightning twice . That 's it . The missing variable . Oh , Ostrich , you are a genius ! Why ? Repetition , my dear . We have to account for repetition . Pack all this up . We 're going back to the lab . Okay . [ Laughs ] [ Phone rings ] ICU . We 've got two , maybe three free beds . You 're gonna have to send some of them to General . Please , you need to lie down , ma 'am . If your daughter is here- - Help ! He 's not breathing ! Get me the cardiologist on call . Excuse me . Sir , you all right ? What 's your name ? My name 's ... Are you a patient ? ( Male ) I need a crash cart in here . Don 't move . I 'll be right back . [ Overlapping chatter ] Taxi ! Where you headed , pal ? 42nd and Lex , please . Come again ? 42nd and Lex , Midtown . Are you feeling okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Why ? 42nd and Lexington is in New York , and we are in Pittsfield . That 's a pretty steep fare . 42nd and Lex it is . [ Overlapping chatter ] Appears we 've got another problem . The key is in there , the Whitley Museum . Mayor 's office has us setting up safety zones at locations of all the lightning storms . So what 's the radius ? Oh , this one 's six blocks . We 've had bigger . Quincy , Somerville , two at Southie . I barely have enough manpower to keep up . Oh , that 's her . Museum director . I don 't care if it 's the bloody apocalypse . I 'm not leaving my museum unattended . You remember what happened in Baghdad . Listen , I 'll call you back later . Uh , ma 'am , this is the Agent I spoke to you about . Olivia Dunham , FBI . Dr. Christine Albright . Sam Weiss , patron member since ' 82 . Thank you so much for meeting us . Are those the floor plans ? Mm-hmm . ( Sam ) There . That 's where the key is . You sure ? Positive . That 's the Native American Wing . I curated those exhibits myself . There 's no key in there . I beg to differ . Okay , what 's the most direct route to that wing ? You mean you want to go in ? You can 't . It 's not safe . Battalion commander said he 'd never seen anything like it . Lightning coming out of thin air . Inside the museum ? Inside all the buildings on the block . Okay , well , that 's a chance we 're gonna have to take . [ Sighs ] Uh , go through the front entrance . That 's the quickest route . Please be considerate . We 've lost enough priceless artwork for one day . You have our word . Here 's everything , including the latest raw data from Massive Dynamic . Excellent . Let 's mark all the spots where lightning has struck more than once . Because lightning shouldn 't strike twice ? [ Chuckles ] No , that 's a myth . As we know , lightning can and does strike twice , given the right conditions . But the frequency of multiple strikes , that we measure . You think this is gonna give us the pattern ? No , not by itself . But when we compare it to the frequency of seismic events and multiple radiation and thermal spikes ... Maybe . Okay . Seismic ... and radiation ... and thermal . What do you see , dear ? These x 's line up perfectly . And what else ? Fringe events seem to be clustered around two points . The foci . And a rift seems to be forming on the axis between them , like they 're tugging at each other . Walter , this is the exact location where our machine is housed . But why Liberty Island ? Walternate . Do you understand what you 're suggesting ? We 're talking mass panic . Do you have a contingency plan in place for that ? Hold on . I 'll call you back . Here we go . A simple visual demonstration . It 's important that you pay attention . These two magnets ... create a magnetic field between them . As a result , these iron filings line up in a pattern consistent with that field . Your point ? The two machines , they 're acting just like the magnets . Only in this case , across universes . The pull between them creating this swath of events . At one end , the hangar where we keep our machine . The other end : Liberty Island . The location of the Department of Defense Headquarters on the other side . Which is where Walternate must have built his machine . There 's no other explanation . But if ... we move our machine to the same spot as theirs ... We stall the pace of destruction . You want to move our machine 100 miles and over water and park it offshore from the most densely populated city in the country ? Yes . Astrid 's already working out the logistics of stable transport . But when the two machines are brought together , won 't that increase the intensity of events in that spot ? Yes , but it will buy us time . Olivia 's looking for a way to get Peter inside the machine . We just have to contain the damage until she succeeds and pray that Peter is ready . Phillip ... I know it sounds crazy ... but it 's our only viable option . There it is . The key ? I don 't see it . That 's the beauty . No one can . Sam ? Do you hear that ? Is it the lights ? It 's not the lights . Get down ! Okay , you get the key . I 'll disable the alarm . It 's not working . It was short circuited by the lightning . We won 't make it . Oh , my God , Sam . I work in a bowling alley . Okay , come on . That 's the key ? Incredible . Okay , so what do I do ? I don 't know . I told you , the instructions are incomplete . I mean , there 's nowhere for it to go . Are you sure that this is the right key ? Yeah , are you kidding ? My father took me to the museum hundreds of times . Believe me , you have no idea how boring those- - You did it . Sam ? That 's the crowbar ? I mean , what is it ? It 's you . What does the drawing mean , Walter , and why am I in it ? Well , if it 's a companion to the original picture , it means that you and Peter both have a connection to the machine . But why ? I mean , why am I connected to it ? Perhaps your friend here could enlighten us . No . I mean , all I know is the original manuscript is very clear on this point . The lockbox contains the crowbar . Then the answer is unavoidable . Apparently , you have the ability to turn off the force field that 's keeping Peter out and open the machine for long enough for him to get inside . How am I supposed to do that ? Well , the answer lies in the drawing . Otherwise , why draw it ? Oh , let 's see . Uh-huh . Brain waves , it would seem . ( Sam ) Hey ... Careful with that . Uh-huh . [ Chuckles ] There 's your answer . Huh ? You , Olivia , have the power to bend things with your mind . That 's what you 're doing in this drawing , if you look at it the right way . Walter , you 're not seriously talking about- - telekinesis . No . I can 't . ( Walter ) Yes , you can . You 've done it before . Two years ago , David Robert Jones . [ Chuckles ] She defused a bomb by turning off some light with her mind . Walter , that was different . Well , it was less advanced . Oh , I 'm afraid there 's something else . Since it 's the machine on the other side that 's turned on , that 's the machine you 'll have to interact with . You 're not suggesting that I need to cross over . No . The same part of your mind that allows you to cross over contains your ability of telekinesis . They should be able to work together in combination . Control the machine over there from over here . In theory , yes . No , it 's ridiculous , and even if it was possible , manipulating a light is nothing compared to manipulating the machine . You 're right . Of course . Requires a much greater degree of control . We 'll have to practice . Start on something smaller . How do we do that ? Ahh . This is the typewriter the other Olivia used to communicate with the other side . Like the two machines , it is quantum entangled with its counterpart . In this case , whatever 's typed on one appears on the other , which makes it the perfect means for testing your abilities . You ready to give it a try ? So how ? Okay , clear your mind . Look into the mirror . Imagine that you 're looking at the typewriter on the other side . Now , press those keys using your mind . Walter , this is- - shh . Don 't expect it to happen so quickly . It 's like meditating . You need to focus on something specific . A word , phrase ... And be patient . Okay . Walter , maybe if you gave me some cortexiphan . I 'm afraid at this point , it would do you more harm than good . These abilities are inside you , Olivia . You simply need to harness them . Walter , I don 't know how . I never have . I know what it 's like to feel unequal to the task required of you . To feel incapable . I 'll never be the man I was , but I 've come to embrace those parts of my mind that are ... peculiar and broken . I understand now that 's what makes my mind special . I wish you could see yourself the way I see you . You have no idea how extraordinary you are . If you would embrace that , there 's no end to what you can do . I know that you want to believe in me ... and I want to believe in me ... but believing doesn 't make it true . Just try . It 's okay . Take a break and we 'll try again . Hmm ? The hospital just called . Peter 's missing . Excuse me . Do you- - Excuse me . Hmm ? Do you know if there 's a pawn shop around here ? I 've been here before , but- - No , sorry , man . I 'm--I don 't know . Man , I 'm sorry to disturb you , but it 's just it 's really important . I could have sworn there was one . [ Sighs ] I don 't know . Uh , I think there 's one over on 3rd Avenue . On 3rd ? Yeah . Thank you . [ Door bells chime ] Can I see these ? Sure . You a collector ? I was ... When I was a kid . They 're all graded and authenticated . Price-wise , everything in here , 500 and up . This one . Silver half dollar . It 's my favorite . It always brings me luck . Walter , they searched the house . There 's no sign of him . What if he can 't remember our address ? No , Walter , let 's not assume the worst . Is that what you think I 'm doing ? Because it is a fact that Peter sustained a massive blow to the head . It is a fact that he was in a hospital less than 10 hours ago . It is a fact that we haven 't got the slightest clue how that machine affected him . So please do not accuse me of making assumptions . I 'm sorry , Astrid . I know you 're scared , Walter . Hey . Peter 's credit card has been used twice in the past two hours . $ 800 to the Western Massachusetts Cab Company and $ 600 to a pawn shop in Manhattan . He took a cab to New York ? It appears so . Until we speak to the driver , we won 't know for sure . What would he be looking for in New York ? [ Overlapping chatter ] [ Overlapping chatter continues ] Excuse me , you can 't be here . We 're evacuating the area . I know , I know , but I have to talk to my father . I have something to show him . It 's really important . And who , out of curiosity , is your father ? Walter Bishop . The Secretary of Defense . Here . Thank you . - Any word from Peter ? - No . What you doing ? - Reading . - That 's a lie . Trying to read . Pathetic attempt to distract myself with ancient gossip . Better than thinking about what I 've done . Sam , you didn 't do anything . I intervened . I didn 't give you an option not to . We just got word Peter 's been found . Is he all right ? ( Broyles ) He 's alert , answering questions . Transport 's waiting for us at the heliport . Well , where is he ? Liberty Island . The machine has arrived there as well . ( Walter ) I 'll get my coat , and some dramamine . I 'm afraid this is where you get off . Official personnel only . Sam , whatever 's happening , it 's not over . Good luck , Olivia . Thank you . Peter ! What on earth made you come here ? Are you all right , son ? There are two of you , aren 't there ? I think I 've been confused . What year is it ? 2011 . President ? Obama . Nausea , headaches , ear-ringing ? No , physically , I feel fine . And who is that woman over there ? Olivia . What 's the last thing you remembered before you woke up in the hospital ? I remember getting into the machine ... or trying to . Good . And do you know me ? I know you 're not the Secretary of Defense . The sweater 's a dead giveaway . Good . Fact that your memory 's returning is a sign that your confusion is temporary . You 're gonna be okay , Peter . Where 'd you get this ? Walter ? The machine . I thought you had a plan to contain the rise in pressure . The system wasn 't designed for sudden fluctuations . So what can we do to compensate for that ? I 'm afraid so long as the machine is on there 's nothing we can do . Oh , Peter , I was worried about you . I 'm okay . Let 's just figure this out . So the drawing implies that you need to use telekinesis ? Is Walter sure ? Well , Walter 's educated guess is as good as we have . Well , I mean , I tried . I concentrated on a phrase like Walter asked me to do and still nothing . Well , what was the phrase ? [ Typewriter keys clacking ] [ Typewriter keys clacking ] What do you mean it 's working ? I heard the keys tapping away . It keeps typing the same message . Are you doing that ? What 's the message ? " Be a better man than your father . " There 's a boat leaving for Manhattan in five minutes ! I want all non-essential personnel on it ! That means get out now ! Don 't worry . Just think of it as a giant typewriter . Do you know what to do ? I think so . The tremors are getting stronger . Exponential microquakes . We 're building towards a massive event . I suspect we don 't have much time left . Walter , what if I can 't do it ? What if I can 't turn it off ? I have known you for a long time , Olivia , and I believe that the drawing was no accident . Whoever did it knew the same as I do . That you don 't fail . You ready ? No . You ? No . Don 't say I never took you anywhere . You can do this . Notify the Secretary . There 's something happening to the machine . You did it . Peter . I love you . Wish me luck . Oh , dear God . [ Indistinct shouts ] [ Explosion ] [ Indistinct shouts ] ( Female voice over intercom ) All civilians proceed to evacuation route immediately . [ Explosion ] [ Indistinct shouts ] Agent Bishop . Agent Bishop , take cover ! [ Grunting ] Fringe Division ? [ Grunts ] Where the hell am I ? Sir , you 've been hit . Medic ! I need a medic now ! = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
