 Previously on Pioneer One . We need an expert in here , someone who knows what they 're talking about . And quietly . Will you help us out doctor ? My name is Jane , here we are . - She 's the best you got ? - Given the circumstances ? Hell yes . - Media ? - They seem to think that we 've got Roswell part two in here . You 've got yourself two weeks . Say I wanted to get off the base for a couple hours . A little difficult with the quarantine . I 'm not convinced the Russians aren 't hiding something . You should to do a little more research before you put out a bogus cover story . We continue now with our special report on the ongoing quarantine in Calgary . One week out and there are still more questions than answers . Many of Canada citizens are demanding that more information be released to the public . Joining me now for the Canadian perspective is Simon Montag , blogger and political activist . Mr. Montag , you wrote a post on your blog that 's been syndicated in the op-ed columns of several national and international newspapers . Are you saying you don 't believe the official story about the downed satellite from the former Soviet Union ? By all appearances , it seems there 's more going on here than we 're being told . I don 't know if it 's not a satellite , but things aren 't adding up . We 're being kept in the dark . And it 's almost certainly a result of Americans wanting to keep the secret . I 'm not an expert on satellites or radiation , but the scale of the quarantine seems unwarranted given what we have been told . But ... the point I 'm trying to make is that it should be up to Canada to decide , not the United States . For further perspective , joining us now is David Collins , speaking to us from Homeland Security Secretary Eric McClellan 's office in Washington , DC . Mr. Collins is a senior advisor to the Secretary , is that correct ? Yes , that 's right , Deirdre . Thanks for having me on . Thank you for taking the time , I 'm sure you 're very busy . I 'm going to just go ahead and assume you disagree with most of what Mr. Montag has expressed . Yes Deirdre , I strongly disagree , strongly disagree . Of course Mr. Montag is entitled to his opinion , but there 's a difference between an opinion and an informed opinion . - Well of course I 'm sure that you ... - Mr. Montag , you 'll get a chance to respond . There are radiation concerns , and the quarantine is a precautionary measure . Perhaps over-cautious , but we 'd rather err on the side of public safety . And I 'm sure your viewers would agree . Mr. Montag ? I hear a lot of fear-mongering out there about radiation and national emergencies , but it 's diverting us from the main issues here . Let me ask you , sir , why was the debris collected at the inactive Calgary base rather than the currently active base in Edmonton , where the " satellite " crashed ? It couldn 't possibly be because its closer proximity to the United States ? Absolutely not . There are safety and logistical considerations ... The quarantine is a joke ! Personnel have been repeatedly spotted going in and out of the quarantine zone . I 've read at least half a dozen accounts that confirm that . Supplies need to be delivered and waste removed from the site Why are medical supplies being delivered to the base ? - Sir , I can 't ... - Why ... are medical supplies being delivered to the base ? - I can 't possibly comment on ... - Witnesses have seen ... deliveries from Calgary General . And no one , no one can tell us why ! - Sir ... - The station ... Montana quarantine lasted for 36 hours ! - Mr. Montag ... - The only explanation for this quarantine lasting as long as it has , is that we 're trying to keep secrets from getting out . Mr. Montag , please give Mr. Collins a chance to speak . Thank you Deirdre . I 'd caution you , Mr. Montag , on making dangerous and baseless allegations . By Mr. Montag 's own admission , he 's not an expert on these issues , but that doesn 't stop him from speaking as though he is . A week and a half ago we were dealing with an emergency situation , the size and details of which were yet to be known , and our men and women acted accordingly and properly and within the bounds of the law . There was a request made to our Montana office and our agents responded to it . The Canadian government is behaving responsibly , the way it should when lives are at risk . - When America ... - To use this as an opportunity to stir up anti-American sentiment and sell more newspapers or blogs or what-have - you ... is , quite frankly , inappropriate and counterproductive . When things fall out of the sky , Mr. Montag ... they don 't care about borders or sovereignty . The danger is indiscriminate . And it is precisely because of the relationship between Canada and the United States that we were able to respond as quickly and effectively as we did . I 'm afraid that 's going to have to be the last words for right now , so we can go to commercial but I do hope you both will stay with us so that we can continue this ... spirited debate after the break . Pioneer One 1x04 You did good on that thing , but we 're still getting our asses kicked in the press . - Yes we are . - When we 're done here bang some heads together and let 's come up with some new talking points . These Internet assholes are amazing . Where 's the ... Ok , how long 's he been in there ? - About 20 minutes . - Ah , wonderful . Mr. Ambassador . - Apologies for the wait . - I am waiting for Secretary Miller . He sent me . - I do not know you . - Eric McClellan . I 'm one of Secretary Miller 's deputies . Deputies ? I wish to deal directly with Secretary Miller . I 've been made the point man in this matter . My authority comes directly from Secretary Miller and the President of the United States . I 'm the guy you want to talk to . Very well . So , Mr. Ambassador ... What isn 't your government telling us ? What are we not telling you ? Something fell out of the sky and spread radiation over my country . We believe ... no , we know it was Soviet hardware . What can you tell us about that ? Please , Mr. Secretary , you speak to me like I am your enemy . The Cold War is over . I seem to recall ten of your spies turning up in New Jersey not too long ago . Or were we to assume they just didn 't get that memo ? Mr. McClellan . As your president says , let us cut bullshit , yes ? Let 's . We believe ... No . We know that you are holding one or more of our cosmonauts . I 'm sorry , Mr. Ambassador , I may have misunderstood your accent , did you say ... cosmonauts ? Yes , that is what I have said and you understand me fine . Can we agree that the story of the satellite was a lie ? I wouldn 't categorize it that way . Forgive me , sometimes my English fails me , but when you ... say something that is not the truth ... - you call it a lie , yes ? - It wasn 't a lie . Do most satellites have people inside of them ? If you lost cosmonauts , why didn 't the Russian space agency contact us ? Surely you know when you lose people . These cosmonauts were lost ... longtime ago . We insist they be returned to us immediately . Mr. Ambassador , I don 't understand . What were these cosmonauts doing ? Where did they come from ? And why did they crash in my backyard ? They have come ... from a far away place . And what far away place would that be ? Mr. Ambassador . As your president says ... No bullshit . Here we are , this little blue one right here . But you already know what that looks like , 'cause you 've seen it from far away . Can you pick out Home ? Mars on the map ? This one . She 's made a real connection with him , I think . He only talks to her . What 's he saying now ? He 's not making much sense . I keep hearing one word though . Home . This has to happen faster . We 're not getting anywhere . Enough with the bedtime stories . I don 't think this is the kind of thing you can force , Tom . Are you alright ? Are you alright ? Fine . Tired . One more week . Did you see that ? He couldn 't even bring himself to say it , it 's so god damn absurd . How do they know we 're holding a suspect ? They don 't . They don 't know what we got . They think we 've got multiple guys . When we only have that one . What do you think he 's holding back ? They don 't want us to think they 're not in control of their own military . They know as well as we do they 've been hemorrhaging hardware and uranium since ' 91 . The thing that I don 't understand is why they 're still giving us this Mars crap . He never actually said anything about Mars . Because he doesn 't want to sound like an idiot . But if that 's the game we 're playing ... I can 't believe I 'm going to say this , but ... suppose this guy actually did come back from Mars . How do we cover ourselves ? Hypothetically ? He might not technically be a Russian citizen . He speaks . What do you mean ? Well , if he came from Mars ... what country is that ? He 'd literally be from another planet . It was a Soviet spacecraft . That 's Soviet territory . But there is no Soviet Union . Weren 't Soviet citizens living in Russia granted Russian citizenship ? I 'm sure there 's some technicality we can exploit . I mean , we don 't even know anything about his parents . It 's true . So he 's a non-person , is that what we 're saying ? That works for now . Look into Russian naturalization laws , but don 't spend too much time on it . Yes sir . - I 'll update Miller 's office . - Yeah , you do that . No , wait ! Brief Jacobs first , then Miller . Jacobs ? At the White House ? I believe that 's where he works , yes . You know we 're gonna catch six kinds of hell from Miller 's people for going around them . But not from Miller himself . I 've got a hunch . Just do it yeah ? Yes sir . Oh , and put in a call in to Taylor and our friends up North . I want to know if that kid 's been saying anything yet . - Thank you . - Don 't . It 's not very good . I 'm sorry we haven 't been able to get you more time off the base , but we 're under a lot of media scrutiny right now . I understand . You don 't seem to mind very much . I guess I 'm enjoying the work . It 's nice to feel like I 'm making a difference for somebody . You care about him . I do . What 's going to happen to him when the quarantine is over ? That 's part of why I wanted to talk to you today . You 've been doing ... great so far , he 's rather responding to you being there , but ... we 're not moving fast enough . Fast enough ? Is there anything you 've noticed , that 's not in the transcripts ... anything ? I 'm not sure what you mean . I need workable information . There have been a few times when I 've spoken to him in English , and he responded like he understood me . He understands English ? - I 'm pretty sure , yeah . - But he only speaks to you in Russian ? Well , just because he understands English doesn 't mean he can speak it . Or he doesn 't want to . Why wouldn 't he want to ? Depending on what he 's been told , he may think he 's behind enemy lines . He may have been given instructions not to speak . Or he 's just scared . I 'd rather hear that from him . I don 't know what else I can do . I need to be able to talk with him . I need him to answer questions . I don 't know if it 's realistic right now . There must be some way to take advantage of the relationship you have with him . I don 't think I 'm comfortable with that . The more information we have , the better off he 'll be . You mean the better off you 'll be , don 't you ? The better off we 'll all be . I 'm sorry . I just care about him that 's all . My job is about finding out the truth . And as long as you 're in this building , you work for me . I know . Good . See what you can get out of him and we can all go home . He can 't ... Yeah ? - What ? - Can I come in ? Yeah . - What you got for me ? - Can I sit ? Yeah . There 's this wacko on the outside making a lot of noise , a Dr. Richard Hadfield , he 's some kind of conspiracy nutcase . And ? I think he 's called up every reporter I can think of trying to get somebody 's attention . He thinks we 've got The Andromeda Strain in here . I think he has a book coming out . - Is anybody taking him seriously ? - No ... - Just thought you 'd get a kick out of it . - You had to close the door to tell me that ? No . Can you tell me why are you really here then ? This is a rather uncomfortable situation for me , but I have to ask something . - What ? - Is it possible that you and Captain Benton - could have been seen leaving the base ? - Why ? There 's a report floating around that a witness saw two men , matching your descriptions in a car tailing one of the supply trucks . - When was this ? - I don 't know , a few days ago . Is it true ? Some urgent matter required my attention . That 's all you need to know . When something like this comes up I do need to know or I can 't do my job . We have to at least appear like we 're taking this quarantine seriously . - Noted . Handle it . - I am . What ? There something else ? We got a problem . This program has received exclusive information that one of the people brought into the quarantine zone is this man : Dr. Zachary Walzer ... an adjunct professor at the University of Washington and an outspoken advocate for human Mars exploration . Joining us in studio is Dr. Avery Frank ... a former colleague of Dr. Walzer 's , to discuss what this may mean . - Thank you for taking the time , doctor . - Glad to be here . Can you tell us a little bit about your relationship with Dr. Walzer , and why a man with his credentials might have been brought in to consult in this investigation ? Sure . I worked with Zachary for about four years in the 80s when we were both at JPL ... The Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena ? Yes , just outside of Pasadena in California . We were working on the development of a propulsion system to be used in unmanned probes eventually , with manned spacecraft that would be used to explore the solar system . Dr. Walzer has a background in nuclear engineering , and I imagine that 's why he 's involved in this situation . I 'd like to talk a little bit about his advocacy for Mars exploration . Is it fair to say that he has achieved notoriety within the scientific community for his work on the subject ? Yes , definitely . From time to I 've heard him referred to as reverently of course , " the man from Mars " . Do you feel that his Mars work has overshadowed his other accomplishments ? I wouldn 't say overshadowed , but ... certainly that 's the direction he 's moved in since I knew him , sure . But he 's known as a Mars expert . The Mars expert . I 'm sure some of his colleagues would take issue with that , but It 's strange that ... he would be the nuclear engineer called in to consult in this matter ... do you agree ? I can 't say . Surely there are other scientists , perhaps even some on the payroll of the United States government , who are just as qualified in nuclear engineering ? I would think so . So it stand to reason that it 's his Mars expertise that distinguished him from the rest ? I 'm not sure I understand where you 're going with this ... What I 'm trying to get at here is ... why would a Mars expert be brought in to investigate the crash of a Soviet satellite which , so as far as we 've been told , has nothing to do with Mars ? I 'm not in a position to speculate . An ageless design . Crafted by some of the most modern technology in the field . And for the first time ... available to you . The Pioneer One t-shirt . Support the show by getting it and other fine merchandise at pioneerone.tv Made possible by hackerthreads . The Outer Space Treaty of 1967 : " No celestial body may be subject to national appropriation by claim of sovereignty ... by means of use or occupation " . In other words , even if the Soviets had been there , they couldn 't claim it as their territory The Rescue Agreement , elaborating on the provisions of Article 5 of said treaty : " Any state that is a party to the agreement must provide all possible assistance to rescue the personnel of a spacecraft who have landed within that state 's territory . The state where the object lands is required , upon request of the launching authority , to recover the object and return it " . This is all starting to make sense to me now . If they say they 've lost a spacecraft and a cosmonaut , we 're bound by international law to turn 'em over . So it sounds like if we maintain our position that we 're holding a terror suspect and his weapon of mass destruction , we should be okay . I still don 't understand this Mars stuff though . Couldn 't they come up with something more believable ? Turn the page . The Registration Convention : " The convention requires that every nation furnish notice and details regarding every orbiting space object " . So by saying it 's from Mars , we can 't catch them on that . Unbelievable . What about the citizenship thing ? Well , the parents ' citizenship would have turned over in ' 91 , and he 'd have citizenship by birth . We don 't know anything for sure about the parents , so I think we 're okay . So where do you think we are on this ? I think it 's pretty thin ... but I think we have enough cover if that 's the story they 're giving us . Maybe . Assuming I can keep a straight face in there . - Yes sir . - No , really . I don 't want anymore talk about Mars in this office . Come in . - He 's waiting for you sir . - I 'll be right there . - Good job on this , by the way . - Thank you sir . - Where did you get all this ? - Wikipedia . Okay , next time I 'd rather you make something up . Yes , Mr. Secretary . And the Canadian Foreign Secretary is still trying to get a few minutes with you . One pain in the ass at a time ... I assure you , Mr. Ambassador , we are not holding any citizen of Russian or the former Soviet governments . And this is the official position of the United States government ? It is . But you are holding someone , yes ? This is an investigation of a possible terrorist act . We are holding a suspect , but considering him an enemy combatant . Unless ... you 're telling me he 's a ... Russian citizen ? I am not a fool . Do not talk to me like one . If you have caught a terrorist , then why is the foremost expert on the subject of space travel to the planet Mars assisting in your investigation ? I 'm afraid I don 't understand what you mean . No ? We see same news you do . CNN makes it even to Moscow . Don 't believe everything you see on television . Then you deny this ? We 'll have to get back to you on that . You brought a civilian in on this without telling me ? I believe I do have that authority . But I told you not to pursue this particular line of inquiry . At the time I thought it was prudent not to discount anything . Well your prudence just made me look like a fool with the Russian ambassador . Did somebody leak this from your end ? We 're looking into it . What are the Russians saying ? They 're giving us the same story , but I don 't think even they believe it . Why would they do that ? They have obviously complicity in this . Either they were involved or they know who was . The Mars story is their cover and it 's starting to stick as hard as it is to believe . The bigger the lie , as they say . So you 're not prepared to consider the Mars story at all ? I think I 've made myself very clear . - Haven 't we been through this once before ? - I have to ask . I have no idea how anybody knows that I 'm here . What does it matter ? With your background , well , people are starting to put the pieces together . And that 's a bad thing ? It 's going to get out sooner or later . If we can 't control the flow of information it may affect our diplomatic efforts with the Russians . We 're talking to the Russians ? What are they saying ? Can 't get into details . Why does everything have to be such a big secret with you people ? If we could just share what we know we 'd be so much further along . Do you even have an idea how long it 's been since I 've used a microscope ? I barely know what I 'm doing here ! What are you doing here exactly ? This is water from the recycling system in Yuri 's capsule . I 'm checking to see if it contains any trace elements that might suggest it came from Martian permafrost or ... somewhere else on the surface . A crew of three or more couldn 't have survived for so long on the surface without finding a new water source . How 's it going ? Well considering it 's been about a hundred years since I took a chemistry lab , not that good . If I could just consult with some of my colleagues , Can 't do it doctor . I 'm in enough trouble for bringing you in here in the first place . The quarantine is the only reason you 're not on a plane back home . Well it 's nice to know I 'm welcome . - Anything ? - No ... All I can tell you for sure is that it wasn 't me . I just talked to Walzer and he says he hasn 't told anybody . Could one of the protestors have recognized him when we first brought him in ? I doubt it . People didn 't start showing up until after the press conference . And even if he was seen , do you think he 'd be recognized ? No , probably not . I just got off the phone with McClellan and he 's not happy . Should we have Walzer make a statement or something ? No , it 'd look like we got spooked if we respond directly . Any other ideas ? We could shine a light on it . You have something in mind ? - Maybe . - Good . Go do what you do . Hey , it 's Glenn Vernon . Listen , I 've got a guy I think might be a good fit for your show . Yeah , the Earth is seventy percent , over seventy percent water ! And we 're supposed to believe that this was an accident ? We are under attack here folks ! See ? See this what happens when you put a democrat in the White House . We are not safe here , folks ! The sky is literally falling on top of us . And that 's Mr. Dicks taking a page out of the Chicken Little playbook , he 's using this crash to justifiably foment a mass hysteria among the electorate ... And I do believe that this would put Mr. Dicks in the title role of Chicken Little himself . It is a particularly interesting strategy considering ... that nothing ever fell down when his guy was in office . What ? They liked that one in rehearsal . But the big news of the day is the revelation that Dr. Zachary Walzer , the outspoken Mars expert , was secretly brought in to investigate the satellite crash in Canada . This has brought about wild speculation in the media , and joining us now for more wild speculation ... is Dr. Richard Hadfield . - Now you are a doctor of ... what exactly ? - Astrobiology . - Which is ? - The study of life outside the Earth . Life outside the Earth ... so ... Little green men ? Is that what we 're talking here ? More like little green germs . What ? Sir , there 's a guy on TV I think you should see . Now you 've heard about them bringing in this Mars guy this expert ? Dr. Walzer , yes . Yeah , the Mars guy . Now um , what do you make of that ? I think it 's obvious to anyone that 's been paying attention . Get me Calgary on the line , now . Let 's use our imagination , let 's pretend , for a second that I have not been paying attention . What have I , Joe Six-pack , John Q. Citizen , what have I missed here ? The pieces are there if you look for them . Why bring an expert in on Mars ... unless you 're dealing with something that had come from Mars - Something that had come from Mars ? - Yes So what are you 're saying ? They 've got aliens in there ? This guy doesn 't sound like that much of a nut job . Wait for it . Right , that would be ridiculous . I 'm watching . Put the pieces together . Follow the evidence . Most people don 't do that . What pieces ? Well , you have debris from a crashed satellite , the wreckage has been quarantined . Medical equipment has been seen being taken to the base by eyewitnesses . And an expert on the Mars consulting on the investigation . What do all of these things tell you ? - Space aliens . - No . We know there is no such thing . Does this guy actually know anything ? Cause he sounds like he might know something . How many fucking leaks does this ship have ? No , no , maybe you haven 't been paying attention to the pieces that the regular people , you know , like me ... you ... I believe a probe sent to the planet Mars has brought back some kind of contaminant . Some ... form of microbial life . Perhaps even a bacteria or virus . The quarantine is in place to prevent exposing it to our biosphere , which could unleash a Martian plague and wipe out the entire human race . Dude ! That 's fu * * ing crazy ! Nevermind ... That was good . Now somebody hears anybody talk about Mars ... they 'll think of this wacko . You 've earned your paycheck for the week . I was worried for a second there . Yeah me too ... I 'm here with you . But they need you to start talking . They have questions , lots of questions , and they need you to tell them things . I want to stay with you . But they won 't let me ... if you don 't answer their questions . Do you understand ? I 'll go away . They 'll make me go away . Do you want me to stay ? Yes . Did you hear the news ? - Yeah , Vernon did good with that Hadfield ... - That 's not what I 'm talking about . - What now ? - Secretary Miller stepped down . - Really ? - Yeah . - Who 's running Homeland ? - One guess . Do you think this he was angling for this all along ? I don 't think I 'm that cynical . I 'm exactly that cynical . As the head of Homeland Security . It has been confirmed that Secretary Miller has stepped down , there is speculation due to sharp criticism from the Right concerning the ongoing situation in Calgary , but the White House denies any connection . Assistant Secretary Eric McClellan has been chosen to replace Mr. Miller as the head of Homeland Security . Again : it has been confirmed ... Did you tell anyone I was here ? It 's all over the news . I haven 't told anyone else . It doesn 't matter now but ... you can 't call me here . If I need anything else , I 'll call you . Yes , it was very helpful , thank you . But listen to what I 'm saying . You can 't call . I 'll call you if I need anything . I will . That 's not a good idea . No . That 's not a good idea right now . Ok , bye . So , you just watched episode 4 of Pioneer One and as you can see things are ... heating up . In the next upcoming episodes ... - There are a lot of changes . - There 's a ... dramatic change that happens in my character Tom Taylor Suddenly things become more important than just being right . When i read ... five ... it was like a kick in the head . Lots of cool stuff happens in the next couple of episodes . It was like a horse rearing up and ... giving me a swift kick with all four hoof ... hooves . The whole thing takes a ... really crazy turn . I don 't think a horse could do that . Episode six ... is a complete shift . They have ... the opportunity to be more ballsy than network series . You get the sense of the end of the last episode ... that this whole incident in Calgary is just the first part of a much bigger story . I think you 're gonna really like the plot twists in episodes 5 and 6 . Wait until you get to episode 6 . Just wait ! So get ready , and keep watching ! Subtitles : zefram cochrane
