 Am I responsible for this ? I 'm afraid you are . ( Male announcer ) Previously on Fringe ... Our universe is starting to break down . What we 've seen happening on the other side is starting to happen here . [ Thunder rumbles ] I destroyed their world to save ours . May God have mercy on us . ( Nina ) The machine came on by itself . Without Peter . You think that Walternate turned the machine on over there ? It 's triggered on a sympathetic response from the one over here ; Yes , it makes sense . How could he do that without Peter ? ( Peter ) We all thought that I could turn the machine on . Maybe I can turn it off . Dear God . [ Whirring ] ( Woman over PA ) All civilians proceed to evacuation route immediately . Agent Bishop , take cover ! [ Groans ] Where the hell am I ? [ Indistinct announcement over PA ] ( Woman ) Peter Bishop . 47 years old . Shrapnel wound in the abdomen . ( Nurse ) BP is 110 over 70 . ( Er Doctor ) Start an IV . Where am I ? Peter , you were injured in a fringe event . You 're in good hands . It 's okay , I 'm right here . Lie back . Just relax . He 's bleeding pretty bad here . Get me some units of his reserve blood . Start transfusion now . Agent Bishop , please just lie still . [ Groaning ] Get me the U.V. cauterizer . It 's all right , Peter . You 're going to be fine . [ Groans ] I 'd like to find out how Peter Bishop is doing . May I see your badge ? I don 't have a badge ... Yet . I was just promoted last week . I have a temporary barcode . Can I show you that ? Sure . Thank you , Agent Dunham . Agent Bishop has been in recovery for an hour now . He should be out soon . Ella . Peter 's fine , Aunt Liv . He 's in recovery . I mean , uh , Agent Dunham , ma 'am . You can just call me boss like everybody else . Now , how are you ? I 'm fine . I remember being in my SUV . And the next thing I knew , I was on the ground and there was vortex shrapnel everywhere . People are saying that it 's the end-of-dayers . That 's what we think , yeah . We think it 's Moreau . Hey . Peter . How are you feeling ? Ah ... Just like new . - So what 'd the doctor say ? - Doctor says I 'm fine . No . They said to stay off his feet for a few days . See ? You 're pushing yourself . Moreau 's out there . Peter , you got to stay off your feet . This is gonna be one of those times when you say , " you were right . " I 'm not gonna say that you were right because I got state-of-the-art science on my side . I feel fine , hon . Do you remember what you were saying in the field about the machine and being from the past ? Well , I didn 't say I didn 't get my bell rung , but I 'm doing better now . Two eggs over-easy , bacon , and grapefruit juice . That 's what I made you for breakfast on Sunday . ( Astrid ) Hey , guys . Look . ( Olivia ) There 's a stage three tear . We 've initiated Amber Protocol . [ Woman singing operatically ] ♪ ♪ Psst . Okay . ♪ Fringe 3x22 ♪ The Day We Died Original Air Date on May 6 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = [ Indistinct chatter ] [ Police radio chatter ] Hey . The security firm just emailed this video . We think they gained entrance from the side fire door . Okay , so how come they didn 't trigger the alarm ? It was disabled . But that 's not all . We think we found an electrilight . It must have been a dud . I believe so . We finally get to see one . " The End of Days . " Ha . That 's one of my father 's favorite sermons . When the world dies and a savior arrives to end the suffering and usher all the worthy into heaven . Pass me those alligator clips ? Of course , if my father ever met one of the kooks who 's actually attempting to end the world , he 'd probably kill them himself . Agent . Eyewitness statements . I 'll let you know if any of this is worthwhile . - Anything ? - No . Not only can I not tell you how the thing works , according to all the readings , it shouldn 't be working at all . You know , there 's probably only one person on Earth who can tell us how this thing functions . Walter . Got any markers you can call in ? You think now 's the time ? I think it might be past time . Hello , Walter . Must be bad if they 're letting you see me . It is . I heard a rumor that the Sun was burning out . [ Whispers ] They don 't tell me much in here . The Sun is still shining . I also hear there 's been a massive increase in Kappa radiation . That one 's true . A wormhole opened in Central Park , right in the center of Sheep 's Meadow . Took us months but ... We were finally able to amber it over . A wormhole shouldn 't emit that type of radiation . Not unless it 's a wormhole through time . Exactly right . The carbon levels were consistent with the late Paleozoic era . 250 million years ago . Paleozoic . Theropods ! My old self would have been fascinated with that . How 's Olivia ? She 's fine . Thank you . I need your help . What is it ? We 're not exactly sure . Some kind of light bomb . It 's made by a terrorist group . They call themselves the end-of-dayers . They use them on soft spots , trying to rip holes in the fabric of the universe . Trying to accelerate the end of days . I 'm hoping if we can figure out how it 's made and maybe trace the parts ... We can stop them before it 's too late . Even if I could help you ... I can 't do it from here . I ... would need my tools . My special instruments . We both know that 's not going to happen . Senator . Hello , Peter . Thank you for your time . No need for formality in here . It 's good to see you . Have a seat . You said it was urgent . It is . I assume you 've been briefed about the end of days organization ? I 'm well aware of the situation , yes . We recovered this device from what 's left of the opera house . Science Division 's been trying to crack the technology , but without much luck . What do you need ? I need Walter . I want you to grant him a temporary furlough so he can help us on the case . That 's out of the question . I 'm sorry . If we can understand this technology , we might be able to prevent future attacks . Consult with him in prison if you need to . That 's all I can offer . Why ? You worried about your reelection prospects ? You know me better than that . I 'm worried about that . The entire globe is disintegrating . We 're running around putting on band-aids , and every day more people are lost because of it , and Walter is responsible . I know him . And I know his intentions weren 't this . But there 's not a single person out there who hasn 't lost someone they love because of him . You can 't begrudge the anger they feel towards him . I don 't . I 'm out there in the streets with them every day . And , yeah , maybe I am running around putting band-aids on it until we can figure out how to reverse the damage that 's already been done . But at least it 's something . And if we can figure out this technology , I guarantee you we will prevent future casualties . Phillip . If what we lost in Detroit still means anything to you ... Just give me one chance . That 's all I 'm asking . Where are my things ? They 're all still in evidence , Walter . Don 't worry . Olivia 's on it . Your equipment will be here shortly . Mm . Will Astrid be here ? [ Chuckles ] No . Astrid 's a Fringe Agent now . - We need her out in the field . - Oh . I suppose since she 's no longer caring for me , she 's able to- - spread her wings . [ Quietly ] May I take a look out back ? My old office . ( Man ) Just leave him there for now . I 'm not sure where he wants him . [ Continues indistinctly ] Walter . I didn 't realize how much I 've missed swivel chairs . I 've also missed swiveling . There 's someone here to see you . A visitor ? Walter . Olivia ! [ Laughing ] Congratulations are in order , my dear . What for ? The wedding , of course . Oh . That was a while ago now . This is the first opportunity I 've had to give you an appropriate welcome to our family . I always did want a daughter . Thank you , Walter . [ Clattering ] For goodness ' sake ! Doesn 't the word fragile mean anything to you ? Was that you ? I learned to control it a few years ago . I 'm impressed . So ... What 's the next target ? The wormhole in Central Park . Considering your world was destroyed by a wormhole , I suppose it 's fitting . Is this it ? Followed your specifications to the letter . More than twice the yield of the device we used last night . It won 't be long ... Till this world joins mine . [ Door opens ] Boys . [ door closes ] Any luck ? ( Walter ) Afraid not . Can 't make any sense of this technology . I 'll continue to run diagnostics on the canister , but even if I am successful , our world is still ending . You may stop this group , but you cannot stop the inevitable . Our destiny was set the day we triggered the machine . I didn 't understand until it was too late that our ... two worlds were inextricably linked . Without one , the other simply cannot exist . When their world was destroyed , that was the day we sealed our fate . For all intent and purposes ... that was the day we died . We don 't know that for sure . Have you seen him ? Walternate ? No . Nobody has . He 's become a recluse . Imagine coming over here to try to save the world ... Only to be stuck here when your world was destroyed . Not to mention having the same face as the most reviled man in the universe . I just wanted to say ... At the trial , you spoke on my behalf- - Walter , I 'm the one who got in the machine . I 'm the one who destroyed the other universe . The courts perceived that you did it ... to defend our universe . And so do I. This all began with me , my ... hubris . Walter- - and I just wanted to say thank you . No matter who 's at fault , you are my dad . [ Laughs ] That smells insanely good . After the day we had , I figured we deserved better than takeout . [ Chuckles ] Hey . How you holding up ? Ha . I 'm doing fine . Why ? Well ... you know Walter would always cook when he was worried about you , so ... Well , of all the bad habits I could pick up from him , that 's the least of them . Amanda from across the street gave it to us . That 's you and me and the little baby that we 're gonna have that she is planning on babysitting . Oh ... Well , I think we should get started on that right away . You 're really gonna use a drawing from a little girl to get lucky ? It sounds so dirty when you say it like that . She 's a sweet little girl . You know , hon , if you wanted to reconsider ... I can 't say that I don 't think about it . And that I don 't wish things were different . Honey , people still have families . Look at Amanda . She was born into this world , and she 's still happy . And the world could get better . So I still think we 're gonna have a kid . I hope you 're right . In fact , I think we 're gonna have several . Two , maybe three . Little tribe of Bishops . Hello ? I understand now . They 're splitting atoms ... not as an outcome goal but as a means to an end . Slow down , Walter . The diagnostics on the canister- - they show residual traces of strontium 90 . That 's a radioactive isotope . That 's how they 're making the electrilights . Which means it would leave a signature . Yes ! Like radioactive breadcrumbs . They 'll lead us to whoever 's doing this . We need Science Division to monitor current radiation tracking maps . It 'll be faster if you exclude readings inconsistent with strontium 90 . Look for spikes in the remaining data . This is a campground . Do you think it 's even possible to split atoms here ? I can see ' em making s 'mores , maybe , but weapons of mass destruction ? No . Is this the right place ? The tracking system is detecting the same radioactive signature that registered on the canister . So then where 's the lab ? Okay . You keep searching . I 'm gonna call this in . If you find anything out of the ordinary , I want to know . - Yes , ma 'am . Sir . We found this sitting on top of a rock . I don 't know if it means anything . - Thank you , Agent . - Sure . Peter . Maybe Walter was wrong about the radioactive signature . Yeah . I 'll go back to Science Division , see if maybe something 's wrong with the radiation detection sensors . Okay , well , let me know if you find anything . Yeah . Will do . How come no one respects my desk ? You 're too nice . ( Man over PA ) Team one , get ready to deploy . Perimeter breach . Sector eight . [ Indistinct ] This technology 's 10 , maybe 15 years ahead of its time . I don 't mind saying it 's something I would like to have invented . I mean for peaceful purposes , mining , maybe . Walter . What about the components ? Where were these parts made ? I haven 't the foggiest . Dunham . I 'm on my way . What 's wrong ? There 's been a security breach at the wormhole . Someone in the park I.D. ' d Moreau . Come on . Hello ? Hello ? Hello , Peter . Why 'd you leave me the key , Walter ? I knew you 'd recognize it . I couldn 't just call you . Yes , you could have . [ Softly ] No , no , no , no . Not if I wanted the proper reunion that we both so richly deserve . So letting me know that Moreau works for you- - that was your way of getting my attention ? Among other things . I should have known that the electrilight came from you . After all , Walter was the only one brilliant enough to figure out how it worked . Stands to reason that you were the only one brilliant enough to invent it . Yin and Yang . That 's interesting . Interesting that you should say that- - Yin and Yang . Why are you doing this ? Yin and Yang . One man broke the universe . The other man did nothing ... . But have his son stolen , his life stolen , ruined . I came over here at the end on a mission of mercy to ask for help for my side . The race was lost , a race I didn 't initiate . But still , I came . And you destroyed us , Peter ... My son . You destroyed your own- - you activated the machine on your side . You were going to use it to destroy this universe . I only acted in self-defense . Do you know what it 's like ... to wake up and just for a moment ... Think that everything is as it was ? And then to realize it 's not ... That the nightmare you had was real . Soon everyone here will experience loss the way that all those over there did . Air , water ... Light , even . But you ... You will experience loss the way I did . What does that mean ? You destroyed my universe , son , and I 'm going to destroy yours . And not all at once . Peter 's still not picking up . Agent Dunham . We spotted a vehicle parked near the perimeter breach . - What kind of vehicle ? - A bus . Okay . I want all tactical teams to enter the restricted area- - [ voices shouting ] I came here alone , Walter . To make a personal plea to you . I 'm sorry for the suffering that I 've caused you . I 'm sorry ... For destroying your people . Our people . I 'm sorry for destroying our world . And if I could take back that choice ... I would . But it 's no excuse for what you 're doing now . And it has to stop . I don 't want to have to use these . But you 're going to come with me now , father . You know , Peter , if I was really there , I might not be able to resist killing you . I think this is the better way , so you can learn about loss . Let 's start by killing someone you love . We 're gonna evacuate the area , try and contain the wormhole . So can you move everyone back to sector three ? Olivia Dunham ... My wife ... was everything to me . Why have we stopped ? What is this , some kind of protest ? No . It 's the wormhole . They 're still trying to seal it up . Sergeant , when we start moving again , can we cut over and take Columbus , then we can- - Wait . No . Turn the car around . Please ... I need to get back to my lab . [ Crying ] Diagnostics are almost complete . You used to call me " Uncle Walter " do you remember ? I don 't remember much from before it got bad . I 'm so sorry ... Ella . I understand ... Words can 't come close to mitigating your loss . Truly , if I could go back in time and change things , I would . I would give anything to be able to go back and make different choices . But you can 't . There aren 't any happy endings nowadays , are there ? No . I suppose not . I remember the cow that stayed over there . She had kind eyes . She did , didn 't she ? My gene . I do miss her . [ Beep , blip ] Oh ... That 's it . [ Doorbell rings ] [ Ringing ] Peter , I was wrong . It 's not too late . You can save both worlds . We can do it all over again . This time , you--you simply need to make a different choice , and should something go wrong , then Olivia will be our fail-safe . Walter , stop . Olivia is dead . But she won 't be ... Not then . The machine ? I turned that on 15 years ago . And all the time I sat in prison , I-I-I couldn 't figure out where it came from . I knew the pieces were buried millions of years ago , but how did they get there , so deep in the past ? But now I understand . I sent them there . The wormhole in Central Park- - I sent them back through time . Peter , you can stop the destruction before it occurs ! If that 's the case , just don 't send the machine back . Then we 'll never discover it , and I 'll never destroy the other universe . No , no , no . It doesn 't work that way . I have already done it . Therefore , I have no choice but to do it again . Walter , that doesn 't make any sense . It does . It 's a paradox . I can 't change what happens because it 's already happened . But you can make a different choice within what happened . I simply need to find a way to bring your consciousness forward to now so that you can witness what will happen if you make the same choice . Peter , for all I know , it could be happening already . Don 't you see ? We can fix everything . We can cheat the rules of time . Imagine the repercussions . There 's no way of telling what the cost might be . But it can 't be worse than this . It can 't be worse than this . What would I need to do ? Walter ? What 's happening to him ? His heart rate 's going up- - 156 and climbing ! What 's it doing to him ? I don 't know . It 's been 60 seconds now . How much longer are we gonna let him stay inside that thing ? Peter has interfaced with the machine at a biological level . If we take him out prematurely , I 'm afraid we 'll harm him . [ Grunting ] What is it ? Sir , it just started 60 seconds ago . What started exactly ? The machine- - something is happening . The diagnostics are through the roof . Look at this- - the soft spots- - they 're not closing . They 're getting worse . Bring me Olivia Dunham , now . I don 't understand what you 're asking me to do . The drawing suggests that you have a connection with the machine ... That you can stop it , that you can turn it off . They outsmarted you , didn 't they ? They know you turned the machine on . So they put Peter in theirs ... And now we 're the ones that are gonna get destroyed . Something 's wrong ! Help me , quick ! Come on , let 's move it ! [ Ladder clattering ] Peter . Olivia ... You 're alive . Are you doing that ? I understand now . ( Peter ) Walter ? Walter ! I understand now . I understand what the machine does . I know what it 's capable of , and I know where it came from . The first people ? Yes , the first people , Walter , but the first people are us- - you , most specifically and maybe Ella and Astrid- - I don 't know . I don 't know who it was that took the machine back through time . But I know something else . I 've seen doomsday , and it is worse than anything you could possibly imagine . This isn 't a war that can be won . Our two worlds are inextricable . If one side dies , we all die . So I 've torn holes in both the universes and they lead here , to this room . A bridge so that we can begin to work together to fix- - you shattered my universe . You have any idea how many deaths you 've caused ? That was an accident . What you have tried to do you 've done on purpose ! Whatever you 've both done , we 're here now . So maybe it 's time we start to fix it . You were right . They don 't remember Peter . How could they ? He never existed . He served his purpose . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
