 Since I spend most of my day at work , it 's natural relationships start to form . But some of them can be tricky to navigate . Gosh , Ted . It 's like you were poured into that suit . And part of me is still hardening . See , that would 've been the wrong thing to say . Thank you , Erica . I value and respect you as a gender-neutral colleague . I may have overcorrected , but it 's important I always keep things professional at the office , with one exception . Hey , sweetie . Wanna wrestle ? I 'm taking you down , old man . Since Rose started coming to Veridian 's after-care , - my coffee breaks include much more roughhousing . - Ted ... Muss up his hair . It 's the source of all his power . What ? No ! Oh , no ! Not the hair ! Now smash him with a phone . Why will nobody in this building ever smash anyone th a phone ? - What do you need , Veronica ? - We have a problem . It 's about sexual ... Uh ... sexual h-a-r-ass-ment . Hmm . Well , I appreciate you not letting my daughter hear the " har " part of that , but why don 't we talk about this later ? And by the way , I 'm 8 . I know how to spell . Never show your hand , sweetie . Always let the enemy underestimate you . Then when their guard 's down , smash ' em with a phone . We 're having a problem with some of those people who live in the cubicles . No , they don 't live in the ... you know what ? I 'm not gonna explain this to you again . One of the drones accused another drone - of sexual harassment . - Again ? That 's the third time that 's happened to us this year . I know . Legal won 't tell me who the sleaze-hound is . But upstairs is very unhappy with me . Our whole department looks like a guy at a bus station - wearing a raincoat . - We are not sleazy . Our department is more like a hard-working squirrel stuffing his nuts in ... Wait . We 're more like a hard-working beaver ... ah , I 'm not gonna land this metaphor . Let me just go talk to the people in the cubicles , find out what 's going on . And get them to stop coming on to each other . It mighht be as simple as improving the lighting out there . I just heard they 're forcing Chumley into retirement . That 's crazy . He 's the best chemical spill technician we 've ever had . Is he gone yet ? Let 's trigger the floor sensors and see if he comes . You know , you could 've used water . As opposed to that beaker of bald eagle stem cells I 've been painstakingly gathering for the last two years . Sorry . You should label things . Chumley 's so great . He 's the only one in the office who 's always smiling . When he looks at you with those little blue lights , it 's like you 're the only one in the world . What 's gonna happen to him ? Don 't worry . Ted told me Veridian has a place where retired robots get to run and play with other robots . - It 's called the technology farm . - Ah . God , that sounds great . Like the place my mom sent my dog - after he crapped in her purse . - I got an alert from the floor sensors - there 's a spill . - Who are you ? I 'm Carlos . New spill technician . Apparently I 'm cheaper and require less maintenance than your ... little sucky robot . My God . What kind of a sick world are we living in , where machines can be so easily cast aside for people ? Hey . So if you had to guess who in our department was being accused of sexual harassment , - who would you say ? - If I had to guess , I would say that Keith guy , because he 's kinda creepy . But since I know it 's me , I 'm gonna say me - because I want to win this game . - You ? You sexually harassed somebody ? It was a stupid misunderstanding . Sheila , is everything all right ? No , it 's not . My cat died . Oh , no . Senior noodlebaum ? No , that 's Debbie 's cat . She 's an idiot . My cat was named meow is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country . I just called him meow . But meow he 's dead . He loved puns . I 'm so sorry , Sheila . You look like you could use a hug . Oh , that 's okay , Linda . I 'm not really a physically affectionate kind of person . Don 't be such a tough guy . Everyone needs a hug sometimes . See ? Doesn 't this feel good ? We call this a midwestern handshake . That doesn 't sound so sexual . It was just a hug that drifted boobwardly . Apparently , later I got , as Sheila 's complaint says , " more molest-y . " Linda , what are you doing ? I 've been thinking about you all day . Ooh , man . You 're tense . Linda , I ... Relax , Sheila . Don 't fight it . - " Don 't fight it " ? - Hindsight is 20 / 20 , isn 't it , - Mr. " Never accidentally fondled anyone " ? - I don 't think the words " don 't fight it " have ever been used where someone isn 't being sexually harassed . What am I gonna do ? I could lose my job over this . All right , I 'll go talk to Sheila and straighten it out . In the meantime , try to act like a gentleman . Just remember , every woman here is someone 's wife or daughter . I realize it was a little awkward , but Linda was just trying to comfort you . Well , it wasn 't comforting to me . No , I get that . But it was just a misunderstanding . See , you haven 't worked here that long , and you don 't know Linda . If you did , you 'd know how clumsy and accidentally predatory she can be . You two should really get to know each other , get better acquainted . You want Linda and me to get better acquainted ? Sure . Maybe go out sometime after work , have some fun . I could come , too , if you want . All three of us could do it . Oh , I don 't think that would be a good idea . Oh , come on , Sheila . Don 't fight it . Oh , wait . " Don 't fight it " ? You 'd be surprised how easily that phrase just slides right outta you . Sheila claims you propositioned her for a threesome . Veronica , I work full-time and I have an 8-year-old daughter . I don 't even have the energy for a one-some . This is crazy . - I 'm gonna go talk to her . - No , you 're not . Now I know it 's against your nature to sit idly by while Gotham is in peril , - but you have to sit this one out . I 'll take care of it . - But ... Ted , as a very stupid man once said , " don 't fight it . " - Ted . - Ted . They took our robot vacuum to transportation , - but they forgot his extra battery pack . - We want to get it to him before he leaves for the farm . Righ the farm . Here , I 'll make sure he gets it . We 'll give it to him . So if you could tell us where it is , because the guys in transportation said there is no farm . Jerks . - There is a farm , right ? - Right , Ted ? - Right ? There 's a farm , Ted . - Tell us there 's a farm . - There 's a farm . There 's a farm . There 's a farm . There 's a farm . - Ah , fellas ... No ! Where did they take him , you son of a bitch ? ! I mean ... my immediate superior ! Guys , I 'm sorry . I was trying to protect you from this , but ... Well , the truth is , when robots are no longer needed , they 're sent down to the subbasement to be broken down and used for parts . I think I 'm going to be sick . I feel like my heart has been kicked in the testicles . Hello . I 'd like to talk to the lawyer in charge of employee sexual harassment . That would be Mr. Thomas , and he 's not here . - Will he be back soon ? - That depends on his willingness to accept the things he cannot change ... wait . His willingness to change what he accepts ... No . The wisdom ... I don 't know . He 's a drunk . He 's in rehab ... again . Well , it 's nice how you honor his struggle . He does this five times a year , but the company can 't fire him because he has a disease . He also has a disease ? Poor drunk . No , that 's his disease . He 's an alcoholic . And as long as he 's in treatment , the company can 't touch him . The next day , Veronica made a startling announcement . Great news . You both have a disease . You would be a terrible doctor . I convinced the company to classify sexual harassment as a disease . Thatay , anyone accused of it can 't be fired or punished in any way . I don 't want a sex disease , especially one - that 's assigned to me by my supervisor . - Nonsense . The company loved the idea . Now it can 't be sued because the harasser isn 't responsible for his or Linda 's actions . Plus , several of the executives have their own grope-y , squeezy , unzippy problems , and now their jobs are safe , too . This is ridiculous . I didn 't do anything . - I don 't have a disease . - Ted , I 'm a hero upstairs . Don 't ruin this for me . All you two have to do is ... Is go to harassment seminars . We have to go to harassment seminars ? I have a daughter . I speak evasive mumble . Just until you learn how to control your perverse impulses . I am not going to any harassment seminar . - No , I am gonna fight these charges . - Yeah , me , too . I don 't like other ladies ' breasts . Some days , I don 't even like my own breasts . - Although mostly , they 're awesome . - Well , you 'll get no argument from me . And you two don 't think you need a seminar . Look , if you fight this and lose , you could be fired . I don 't want to lose this job . What am I supposed to do , go back to Wisconsin and work in the cheese mines ? After I made that big speech , threw down my cheese shovel - and stormed out ? - All you have to do is complete the stupid seminar , and the whole thing will be expunged from your records . And you 'll get a keepsake-quality seminar diploma ... also my idea . I was on fire up there . Look at this place . All these innocent machines hacked to pieces . It 's like " the Texas chainsaw massacre " if somebody massacred the chainsaws . Chumley . Oh ! Look at him . They 've ripped the DC Solenoids from his relay module as if he were some sort of animal . We can put him back together . I fixed my marriage with mechanical attachments . I can fix this . I 'm Denise , your sexual harassment educator . And you are the deviants . So let 's meet each other , shall we ? Ted , why are you here ? Because Sheila 's cat died , this one got grabby , and some of the nonsense splattered on me . Bottom line ... I am not a harasser . - Neither am I. - Yeah , I don 't belong here either . Although I would be open to some private tutoring . I 'm innocent , too . I just tripped and grabbed some chick 's boobs to keep from falling . - Plus , she wanted it . - Is there any way I can complete this course over the Internet ? Of course you all think you 're innocent . - That 's part of the disease . - No , I don 't have a disease . - That 's another part of the disease . - Ted 's really not a harasser . If anything , he 's too repressed . Well , you are . Okay , well , that makes perfect sense . Ted , you sexually harass women because your emotions are so bottled up . They explode inappropriately . Okay , how do I convince you that I am ready to graduate from this league of extraordinarily perverted gentlemen ? Well , you 'll have to prove you can express your emotions more honestly . Use , um , " I " statements , like " I feel sad " or " I feel angry . " Well , if that gets me outta here , - then I feel like I can do that . - That doesn 't sound very emotionally honest to me , Ted . It really doesn 't . Ne . I am going to be so emotionally honest , I could have my own daytime talk show . " Ted ! " with an exclamation point . No band , no cooking segments . Just me and the topic wheel . And , yes , I have thought about this before . And , yes , I am taking this seriously . While Linda and I were suffering through sexual harassment class , Veronica was discovering her new policy was having an unexpected effect . Once people realized they couldn 't be fired for harassment , they started to take chances - and flirt more . - I 'm a genius , Ted . My bosses are happy , the cubicle smurfs are happy , and the sexual tension between the janitors - has finally been resolved . - No , not everyone 's happy . I have to get all open and girlie with my coworkers because some crystal-worshipping feelings-hound thinks I 'm repressed . Pshew . Pshew . Pshew . Pshew . - What are you doing ? - That 's the sound of me deflecting your whiny bitching with my happiness shield . Hey . It 's the girl from my seminar . I 've been thinking about you . - Well , don 't . - Fine . Let 's keep it professional . I 'll give you 50 bucks to show me your boobs . - $ 10 if you just say the word " boobs . " - Really ? $ 10 just to say ... Hey , wait a minute . That 's gross . Our goofball teacher was right . What you 're doing right now isn 't about sex . It 's about power . How about if I did that to you ? - I 'll give you $ 10 to say boobs . - Boobs . Okay , that wasn 't good . How about this ? Your junk has been neglected for so long , that if someone called social services , - they 'd take it away . - They would not . Hey ! I hurt your feelings ? So what else we got here ? Let 's keep working the junk . That looks like one package I 'd be disappointed to open Christmas morning . That 's right . Because it 's undesirable . It 's the saddest , loneliest inch in the whole world . It is not ! You 're mean . I 'm gonna report you . Go ahead . I can say whatever I want . I have a disease . Oh , yeah . Mama 's gonna have fun with this . That 's the last piece . This must be how Dr. Frankenstein felt and that creepy scientist on the fourth floor who tried to build a wife - out of mannequin parts and chicken skin . - Yeah . That was awkward at the Christmas party when we had to pretend she didn 't smell like chicken . Let 's test him . Mmm . He is back and suckier than ever ! What 's he doing here ? This is my floor now . Don 't you get it ? It 's not about machines anymore . Now it 's about guys with mops . Don 't worry , Chumley . He 's just jealous because your smile is permanent and his only comes when he 's happy . Aah ! He peed coffee in my face from his mouth ! Anyway , Steve , I just want you to know that you keeping things so clean makes me feel like I 'm , uh , cared for . Thanks , Ted . I ... I really appreciate that . But , uh ... you know I 'm with Willy now . Oh , that 's right . I heard . So anyway , uh , speaking of gay , would you mind signing this form saying I was emotionally expressive ? While I was wiping down the office with my emotions , Veronica was realizing her genius idea had one fatal flaw . It was stupid . Thanks , guys . I feel appreciative - and I 'm happy that ... - You promised you would stop talking like that if we signed your form . Right . So what do you need ? We found Chumley and reassembled him , - but something 's different . - He came back wrong . We need to have access to the robotics lab so we can replace his diflossoroid dual-cacheing processor ... - Or insides . - Guys , it 's a shop-vac . You gotta let it go . He 's more than just a shop-vac . He 's got lights where his eyes would be and a smile where we drew it . If your friend Ryan seacrest was sick , - you wouldn 't turn your back on him . - I 'm not friends with Ryan seacrest . - Really ? We always thought you guys were friends . - No . - But I always kinda picture you two playing volleyball together . - No . Another loss . - Oh ! - Oh ! I 'm sorry . - Uh , I feel sorry that I walked into you . - No , it was my fault . Mr. Stewart took a bunch of us girls to lunch . I had four glasses of wine and a chocolate souffle , which was yummy . You 're yummy . My underwear is in my purse right now . I feel , uh , happy that you think I 'm yummy . But also sad that if I do anything about it , I will have to spend the rest of my life in harassment seminars . Isn 't it funny how the word " harassment " has " her ass " in it ? Do you know what else could have her ass in it ? You . I can 't quite picture that , but I feel like I must leave . Everyone 's taking advantage of the new policy , Ted . It 's like mating season out there ... all hands and tongues and sweat and grinding . - It 's kinda hot , actually . - I know . A beautiful woman just called me yummy . - I like being called yummy . - You are yummy . So are you . And since I have to be emotionally honest , I want to take off my underwear right now - and put it in your purse . - I don 't know what that means , you sick , sexy bastard , but it 's flipping my switches . Ugh . Wait . What are we doing ? We 're like everyone else around here , acting like horny idiots . God , my policy is a disaster . I 'm a terrible executive . No , you are not . Y ... you 're one of the best executives ever . You 're as good as Steve Jobs or Lee Iacocca or ... - Field Marshal Rommel ? - Okay . He was a brilliant tactician who looked magnificent in jodhpurs . - Now I 'm picturing you in jodhpurs . - So am I , and I 'll bet Rommel didn 't wear a thong underneath his . - Oh , I 'd really like to see that . - What a happy coincidence . It 's in the mood for receiving guests . Hi , daddy . It 's my snack break . Oh , hi , Veronica . Hello , Rose . Ted . Hello , Veronica . Rose . You guys are acting weird . In ten years , honey , you 'll look back on this moment and think , oh ! Sheila , I can 't find my budget report . Do you know where ... Oh , there 's a spider . It 's coming right down on you . Where ? Hold still . I 'll get it . What are you doing ? Ow ! Oh ! What the hell ? I can 't help it . I have a disease . - Honk ! Honk ! - Hey , quit it . Wow . You must be , like , 90 % body fat , but me likey . That isn 't harassment . Harassment is supposed to be sexy . You 're not even doing it right . Wow . Thanks , Linda . Listen , recently I 've been very fortunate to spend te with some major perverts . And it 's made me realize , I should 've respected your boundaries . Oh , that 's okay . I may have overreacted . Shh . Did you hear that ? Somewhere a butt is being smacked against its will ... A feel is being copped , a well-endowed woman is being asked if she gives fries with that shake , and so ... that is where I am needed . Impressed by Linda 's heroism , Sheila decided to drop the charges against us . I don 't care what Ted says . We have to do whatever it takes to get Chumley well . I agree . Hey , Chumley . Ow ! Aah ! Ow ! It 's attacking my foot ! Kill it ! - Stab it in the brain ! - Don 't ask me to choose between the two of you ! Ooh ! Ooh ! Oh ! Ooh ! Ah ! Ooh ! Ooh ! Ultimately , I would 've chosen you . And I 'm not just saying that becae you 're the one who survived . And I choose to believe that . Boy , bringing things back from the dead never goes smoothly . Thank you , Carlos . I 'm just a man with a mop . That 's what we do . Phil and Lem finally realized they 'd also been having an inappropriate relationship with a coworker . As for the other inappropriate relationships , well , thanks to Rose walking in on us , Veronica and I figured out a way to end those , too . Uh , here it comes ... the parade of children . Nothing kills sex drive faster than having kids around . After-care agreed to March them through at random times for exercise . Children ... they have so many uses . They 're like adorable swiss army knives . Although they can 't open wine worth a damn . Listen , Veronica , about what happened in my office ... Ah , forget it , Ted . There was too much sex in the air . But we 're like Rommel and Patton . We respect and are even attracted to each other , but if we ever got together , it would be a bloodbath . Although feel free to look at my ass as I walk away . It 's having a spectacular day . Wow . She 's having a great ass day . Yeah , that 's what the parade 's about . That 's for staring at her butt . The 's a new sheriff in town . Maybe sometimes I do keep my emotions bottled up inside . Maybe that 's okay , especially at work . What 's important is , I let them out when it counts . Hey . Huh ! Bring it , old man !
