 [ Dr. Nicholas Rush ] : I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission . [ Eli Wallace ] : You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? [ Camile Wray ] : The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . [ Colonel Everett Young ] : I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . [ Lieutenant Matthew Scott ] : You are a good commander . [ Young ] : There is no mission other than getting these people home . [ Rush ] : It was never about going home . It 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . [ Rush ] : Well , I 've just completed a thorough diagnostic on one of the stasis pods . Very informative . We 've been searching what we were able to transfer from the archive . The ALS cure wasn 't in there . [ Lt. Tamara Johansen ] : The first symptoms presented five years after we arrived on the planet . I died a few years after that . We got drones , dead ahead . [ Young ] : The drones cannot track us , so instead , they 've blockaded the stars from which Destiny recharges . [ Eli ] : This could be it , the end of the line . [ Dr. Lisa Park ] : There 's new hybrids in the dome we could lose forever . [ Rush ] : The hydroponic dome 's been breached . [ Screaming ] [ Rush ] : Flash blindness . Hopefully it 's temporary . [ Park ] : I can 't see ! How you feeling ? Oh , great . I haven 't had this much rest in weeks . I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'm actually looking forward to getting bleary-eyed analyzing data . Well , let 's see where we 're at . I 've been seeing occasional flashes of light . I think that 's a good sign , right ? Okay . Open your eyes . Lisa ? Uh , it 's still dark . I can 't see . Anything ? No . [ Crying ] Colonel , you got a second ? Can it wait ? You look terrible . Thank you . You 're running yourself ragged , okay ? Get some rest . Way ahead of you . That 's where I 'm going . Colonel Young , this is Rush . Ignore that , you 're no good to us exhausted . Colonel Young ? This is Young . Could you join us in the control interface room , please ? We 've something we want to show you . We did it . Fantastic . What 'd they do ? I have no idea . We found a way to track the command ships that control the drones . How ? We managed to isolate the subspace signals they use to communicate with each other . Then we plugged the data into Destiny 's long-range sensors , and it worked . [ Wray ] : So we know where they are . Then we can avoid them and find safe planets to resupply . That was the idea , anyway . Let 's see it . [ Beeping commands ] This is the path that seed ships plotted for us through this galaxy . [ Entering commands ] These are the upcoming gates ... And these are the command ships . Oh , my God . [ Rush ] : We 've pushed this as far as sensor capability will allow , and the results are the same . As far as we can tell , they 're waiting at every gate between here and the edge of the galaxy . We 're screwed . ♪ Stargate Universe 2x20 ♪ Gauntlet Original Air Date on May 9 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = Colonel Young ? No , I 'm Rush , this is Young . Colonel Telford 's waiting for you . You sure your sensor data is accurate ? Of course it is . And they 're at every single gate ? Well , they 've figured out how we operate . They know which stars we use to recharge , they know that we use the gate to resupply . They 're everywhere we want to be along that path . So go off the path . Use the shuttles and check out ungated worlds . We can 't do that . There 's over 300 billion stars in that galaxy . Only a small percentage of them have planets . An even smaller percentage are capable of sustaining life . The seed ships did the legwork . They found the needles in the haystack . If we go off on our own , it could be months , maybe even years between viable worlds . It 's not an option . What 's your supply situation ? We 're looking at about a month 's worth of food and water . What about power ? We 'll die of thirst before that becomes an issue . We could really use a supply line from home , David . Well , the only planet we know of with the power requirements to reach you is still refusing to help . Woolsey is still pushing diplomacy , but he 's not making much progress . Whatever the solution is , you 're gonna have to make it happen on your own . Hey ... I 'm collecting inventory reports . Guess it could be a while before we can use the gate again . So I hear . We 're actually in pretty good shape down here for the moment . Matt told me about Lisa . Do you think her condition 's permanent ? I don 't know . I mean , there should have been some progress by now . It 's not your fault . You don 't have the right equipment , the resources- - even if I did , it wouldn 't make a difference . There 's no treatment . Her corneas were burned by ultraviolet radiation . If they don 't heal on their own ... Well , I know it seems unfair , but sometimes you just have to play the hand that you 're dealt . Why do I get the feeling you 're not just talking about Lisa ? There 's still hope , for her and for you . [ Sniffles ] Als is a death sentence , Chloe , you know that ... And it 's not gonna be pretty . It 'll start with muscle weakness and cramping . Then I 'll have trouble walking , talking , feeding myself , and eventually , full paralysis will set in , but my mind will be unaffected . I 'll be a prisoner trapped inside my own body . Like I said ... You play the hand you 're dealt . So , no help from home . No . Well , that doesn 't leave us with many options . Well , we can 't run , we can 't hide , we 'll have to fight . There 's a lot of them out there . We don 't have to take on all of them , just as many as we have to in order to resupply when necessary . That 's still a pretty tall order considering we 've only taken out one of their command ships . And that was with help . Well , we do have the element of surprise now we 're able to track them . Okay , we choose a target , drop out of FTL , and open fire before it 's got a chance to respond . But what if it does manage a response ? Well , if we don 't destroy it immediately , we can at least cause enough damage to gain a huge advantage . So , let 's say this works once , maybe even twice , but we 're going to start taking damage , and it 's going to take its toll . Well , we find a way to minimize that damage . Oh yeah ? And I suppose you 've got an idea on how we manage that . As a matter of fact , I do . So you 're saying we dial up the shields ? Well , no , not exactly- - it 's more like ... We tune them . When we 're in battle , the shields continuously cycle through various frequencies , in the hopes of matching incoming energy-based attacks . The closer the match , the easier the attack is to absorb , and , consequently , the less damage we take . It 's a guessing game , like rock , paper , scissors . But in the case of the drones , we don 't have to guess . Thanks to someone 's brilliant idea to bring one onboard ... The energy signature of their weapons is a fairly limited range . We can target specifically for it . We just need to override Destiny 's normal randomized shield pattern . And paper covers rock every time . If all Destiny has to do is find the right match , why does it bother cycling in the first place ? Because matching and maintaining a single specific pattern makes it vulnerable to all other forms of attack . Right , like if they throw scissors , and we 're guessing , uh , rock ... Not to push the analogy too far . Too late . So if we are wrong , it would be like we have no shields at all ? We 're not wrong . Main weapon is charged and ready . [ Beeps intercom ] Rush ... What 's your status ? Looks like Destiny 's accepting our override . Shields are at maximum , modulation is limited within target range . [ Bridge hydraulics hiss ] Who calculated the FTL jump ? Chloe . Think we 'll come out in range ? Well , it 's a bit like trying to hit a dime with a bullet from a thousand yards , but she 's pretty good . [ Proximity alerts blare ] What is that ? Collision alarms , we 're about to hit ! Hold on ! [ Metal groaning and rending ] [ Chuckling ] I take it back , she is very , very good . We 've got incoming . It 's working . Their weapons are having almost no effect . Concentrate on the command ship . Ignore the drones . I don 't have a shot ! Working on it . The command ship is damaged , but still operational . Bringing us around again . [ Explosion rumbles ] What 's that ? The shields just dropped 10 % . What 's going on ? All of a sudden their shots are getting through ! That 's not weapons fire . It 's the drones . They 're flying right into us . It 's a kamikaze run ! [ Explosions rumble ] Shields are down to half and still dropping . We 've lost power in multiple sections . I 'm down three gun positions . I can 't hold ' em off . Forget it , there 's too many anyway ! Just give me another whack at that command ship . She 's trying to out-maneuver us . I need some more time . We don 't have it . Shields are failing . Almost there . We got ' em . Direct hit . The command ship 's been destroyed . Looks like the drones have gone dormant . Away teams to the shuttles , let 's make this quick . We don 't want to stay here any longer than we have to . Go . We can 't do this every time we need to resupply . No . We need another plan . Second shuttle just docked . I guess they found a few edibles , but the pickings were pretty slim . Get us out of here . Colonel ! Do you have a minute ? Well , I know it sounds like a crazy idea , Eli , but I was actually thinking of getting some sleep , so unless you have some genius idea that solves all our problems- - As a matter of fact , I do , but you 're not gonna like it . Well , that goes without saying . I am notoriously hard to please . So ... Let 's hear it . Okay . Another day , another galaxy . What the hell does that mean ? This is just one of a thousand galaxies in Destiny 's path , and I think you 'll agree it 's turned out to be something of a hostile environment . So ? So ... we skip it . One continuous FTL jump , out and around the length of this galaxy , across the gap to the next one , until we reach the first gate on the other side . Well , how long 's that going to take ? That 's the part you 're not gonna like . We 're only about a third of the way through this galaxy , plus the gap to the next one is quite a bit larger than last time . On top of that , thanks to the ass-kicking that was just handed to us , we 've got power issues , and some not insignificant damage to the FTL drive that we won 't have time to fix , which means we 'll be operating at reduced speed , which means we might actually run out of- - Eli ! How long ? Three years , give or take . [ Chuckles ] Wow , three years ? We barely have enough for a month . What do you suggest we do for food and water while all this is happening ? Nothing . That 's the genius part , by the way . Once you 're sealed inside the stasis pod , your metabolism shuts down . You don 't need food or water . Basically , you just sleep through the whole thing . And we 've found several other corridors like this one . There should be enough for everybody , and thanks to the , uh ... Uh , research that Brody and I have already done , we know they work . Three years . Give or take . You keep saying that . [ Rush ] : What Eli is neglecting to mention is that a jump like this is going to require every last ounce of power we have , and if his calculations are off- - They 're not . And we fall short even by a fraction , a tenth of one percent- - We won 't . Then we 're going to drift the rest of the way , and instead of three years , it 'll take a thousand . Or more . I assume you were going to get to that part . Look , I 've run the numbers . This could work , but we have to do it soon . We 're bleeding power from a dozen systems , and we can 't risk dropping out to recharge- - too many things that could go wrong . We have to find another way . All right , uh ... How long would it take you to prep the rest of these pods ? A ... a day , maybe . Get to work . Colonel- - You 've got 24 hours to come up with a better idea . [ Wray ] : Three years ? Yeah , that 's in a best-case scenario . [ Sighs ] The thought of being sealed in one of those things for so long , it kind of creeps me out . I don 't like it much either , but we 're quickly running out of options . Well , if we 're going to do this , I recommend that everyone be permitted a final visit to Earth , say their goodbyes . All right , you make the arrangements , but it 's gonna have to be pretty quick . We pretty much have to shut down everything to make this work , and if we take too long , we 're going to run out of power . [ Sighs in frustration ] Oh , bollocks ... [ Chalk clatters ] [ Chloe ] : How 's it going ? Huh ? It 's not . For what it 's worth , I went over Eli 's numbers . It 's true there 's not much margin for error , but I think it might just work . Yeah , if we 're lucky . Destiny is on this path for a reason . We 've only strayed from it once , and that 's what caused all this trouble in the first place . But we 're not going off the path , at least not for good . We 're just skipping part of it . Yeah , but that 's what bothers me . This ship was launched to solve a mystery , not by arriving at some ultimate destination where all the questions are answered at one time , but by accumulating knowledge bit by bit . We skip over this galaxy , then who 's to say we won 't skip over some vital piece of the puzzle , and then all of this , everything we 've been through , will be for nothing . There 's got to be a way to defeat them . I just need more time . Which we don 't have . Look , you 're right , if we go into those pods , we 're taking a chance . We might miss something , or we might sleep a lot longer than we planned and never see our loved ones again , or we might never wake up at all , but Destiny will keep going . If we stay , and we don 't find a way to defeat the drones , we 'll all be killed , and this ship will be destroyed , and then this really will have all been for nothing . Colonel , this is Brody . We 're ready to put the first group into stasis . Please just step into your assigned pods . Don 't worry , I 'll be monitoring your progress . See you soon . Soon . It 's me , mom . Eli ... I don 't have much time . Just long enough to say goodbye . We 've got smart people working on it , really smart , but still , three years . Even if it all goes well , three years at least . I 'm sorry . No , no , Eli- - I can 't help thinking that if I had made different choices in my life , you wouldn 't be alone right now . If you had made different choices , you wouldn 't have seen the incredible sights you 've seen , done the amazing things you 've done . I feel like I 've abandoned you . You haven 't abandoned me . You 're living your life . I mean , it was hard when I didn 't ... When I didn 't know where you were , or what you were doing , but now I understand . You don 't have to be here , Eli . I just , I just need to know- - are you happy ? In spite of everything , yeah . I am . That 's good enough for me . [ Pod alerts beep ] [ Keying in commands ] [ Alert beeps ] [ Keying in commands ] [ Alert beeps again ] Volker . Yeah . You on the bridge ? Yeah . Good , I need you to run a diagnostic for me . [ Knocking on door ] [ Sighs wearily ] Come in ! [ Door cranks open ] What ? Well , as you know , we 've been powering up all the stasis pod corridors , and it 's been going ... It 's been going pretty well up to now , but , uh ... Well , what is it ? It 's the last section . It must have taken some damage , possibly even before we came onboard the ship . We can 't bring those pods online , so ... We 're not going to have enough for everyone . The damaged pods put us eight short of the total we need . What 's the problem ? Well , the ship 's very old , that 's the problem . All right , we 'll try that again . Can we fix it ? Not with the material we have on board . We need something called palladium hydride . It 's a component of the high-temperature superconductors that are critical to the pod systems . Where do we get this stuff ? In ores in alloy with other metals , ideally on planets in systems that have seen substantial meteor activity . Right , now , we do have a possible candidate , and it 's locked out for good reason . The meteorites would make the place dangerous , if not toxic , but there is still a command ship in the system . They know nothing about human physiology , or what makes a planet viable . They just know there 's a gate . We can still get around the lock-out , if we want to . Can we survive another fight ? Even if we did , we 'd use up far too much power . The ship would never make the jump to the next galaxy , which kind of defeats the purpose of going to this planet in the first place . So what are you telling me ? We don 't have a choice but to leave eight people out ? Tell them , " good luck , you 've got as long as the food and water lasts ? " [ Brody ] : We can 't even do that . The power requirements needed to maintain life support for eight people for that long would make us fall short . Whoever stays out would have to- - Kill themselves , yeah . You have no choice , Colonel . If you want Eli 's plan to work , you 're going to have to come up with eight names . It just goes from bad to worse . So what 's Colonel Young decided ? He hasn 't yet , but- - Don 't even think about it . What ? Volunteering to be one of the eight . I know you , Ron . Maybe I would , if it came to it , but I wouldn 't ask seven others to do it with me , and I don 't think Colonel Young would either . I mean , the way I see it , we all came here together , and , if need be , we 'll all go out together . Maybe it won 't come to that . What ? Take me to Colonel Young . Why ? What are you thinking ? We need to fall back to this section and seal off the surrounding corridors , shut down life support to those areas , and then re-route power- - Okay , we 're here . Sergeant ? Dr. Park has something she 'd like to share . We 'll use a decoy . We drop off one of our shuttles , unmanned , a short FTL jump from the planet . Then we set it to broadcast a powerful subspace burst , mimicking a gate dial-out . It 'll take a lot of power , and it might damage a few systems , but I 'm guessing the shuttle doesn 't survive this plan anyway . No . The command ship will investigate , taking the drones with it , and probably attack the shuttle , but in the meantime , we take advantage of the distraction to dial in and get the palladium hydride . We can recalibrate the shields on the shuttle just like we did Destiny , and remote pilot an evasive course that 'll make it harder for the drones to connect with a suicide run . If we are going to sacrifice it anyway , we can rig the engines to go critical , ram it straight into the command ship , give ' em a taste of their own medicine . And we 'd still have one shuttle left . All right , I think it sounds like a great idea . Let 's do it . Hey , that 's good work , Dr. Park . All right , we 're in position . Rush , this is Young . Launch the shuttle . Subspace link is in place . We should be able to get shuttle telemetry and access the flight controls with minimal delay . Understood . Get us as far away from here as possible . You know what we 're looking for , right ? Well , I can identify the rocks , but we can 't test for concentration . But our best bet is to bring back as much as possible . If this works , we should have enough time to load up as much as the Kino sled can hold . And what if it doesn 't ? [ Beeping commands ] Okay . I think we 're good . [ Beeping commands ] Broadcasting the signal now . Let 's hope they take the bait . Come on , come on ... [ Console beeps ] Whoa , that 's it . The command ship just dropped off the screen . They 've got to be in hyperspace . They 're on their way . Gateroom , this is Young . Start dialing . [ Stargate powers up ] This is gateroom , we have a connection . Away team is en route . Start removing shuttle engine safety protocols . We 're gonna have to time this overload to the last second . [ Keying rapidly ] We got anything ? Screens are clear . Oh , hold on . Command ship just dropped out near the shuttle . [ Alerts beep ] They 're launching drones . Rush , you 're on . Initiating evasive maneuvers . Barnes , what 's our status with the away team ? They found several impact craters near the gate . They 've already begun collecting samples . Whoa ! Watch out . It 's all right , I 've got it . Stabilizing . [ Console beeping ] Initiate the overload . You sure ? If it can 't get close enough- - Just do it ! [ Keying rapidly ] They 're launching more drones . The shuttle doesn 't have much time . Overload in 10 seconds . Six ... Five ... Four ... It 's gone , but it 's a pretty safe bet more are on the way . Yeah , we 're not going to wait around to find out . Nice work , gentlemen . You got what you need ? We 're good . Let 's get this stuff out of here . You ready to go ? I-I don 't know what I 'm gonna say . He doesn 't even know I 'm his father . I 'm just some guy who shows up every once in a while to see how he 's doing . And , uh ... How is he doing ? His mom is ... Uh , I think she 's a good person . I just don 't think she 's a good parent . Folks from the Homeworld Command tell me if I was to make the phone call , they 'll step in see he 's raised in a proper home . Well ... I wouldn 't make any rash decisions . What about you ? What are you gonna say to Sharon ? Oh , uh , I , uh ... I just got back , and I ... Didn 't see her . She 's at a conference in Brussels . Not enough time . Sorry . You know , um ... [ Clears throat ] You go back billions of light years , across an entire universe , and you 're just separated by a couple of thousand miles . Anyway , um , I got to talk to her on the phone . What 'd you say ? I , uh , I said I was sorry . That , um ... This wasn 't fair to her anymore , and she should just move on . What did she say ? Not much . She , uh ... She just started crying . [ ♪ ] [ Young ] : Eat up , everybody . Except for the canned goods , this is all going to waste anyway . For once , I 'm stuffed . I can 't eat another bite . I think I can use just a little bit more . [ Chuckling ] All right , Colonel , how about a toast ? Really ? Yes . All right . All right , why not ? Well , uh ... We 've been through a hell of lot together , that 's for sure . I guess it would be easy to dwell on everything that we have lost , but I think today I would rather think about what we still have , and maybe what we 've gained . We 're a ... We 're family now , whether we like it or not . Sons , daughters , sisters- - even the slightly crazy Uncle who , despite everything , still manages to come through for you in the end . [ Laughing ] You are the smartest , bravest , most compassionate people that I have ever had the honor to serve with . To family . To family . To family . [ Glasses clink ] Sweet dreams . You all right ? Yes , sir . Well , I guess you 're finally going to get some sleep . Three years . That should be enough . Lieutenant , go ahead . Are you sure ? Yeah . Yeah , we 're going to be fine . So , Rush and Eli are finishing up the last of the programming . They should be done by the time I get back . You 're not going to go see Emily ? We 're done . Why re-open old wounds ? You know , for what it 's worth- - David , listen , my , uh , marriage , that was- - that was broken a long time ago , and I have no one to blame but myself . Whatever happens , we 're not giving up on you . Some of us may have a few more gray hairs , but we 'll still be here . Good luck , Everett . Thanks , David . [ Eli ] : How could we have missed it ? [ Rush ] : There was no way of knowing . But we ran a diagnostic ! And it showed no problems , because at that stage , that particular section had yet to be fully engaged . What 's going on ? We repaired the eight pods , but one of them was more damaged than we thought . It came online with the rest of them , but when we ran final checks , it just ... Died . We might be one short . Okay , try it now . [ Console beeps in error ] It 's no use . Right . Go back down to the control interface room and go through the database . There 's over 1,700 pages devoted to this system . You 'd better get started , then . [ Rush ] : Colonel ... We have to talk . Eli ... Before you ask , the answer is no , I haven 't found any magical solutions yet . It 's gonna take time . According to Rush , if two of us go into the pods now , today , the one that stays outside could keep minimal life support going for two weeks before it starts eating into the power reserved for the jump . Sounds about right . Well , he 's volunteered to be the one . You 're kidding me . Really ? Yeah . He says he 's most qualified to figure out what 's wrong with the pod and then fix it . [ Muttering ] : I don 't know about that . Yeah , and I don 't think I can let him do it . You know , I think it 's , uh , it 's gonna be me . You 're going to fix the pod ? I 'm obviously not going to fix the pod , Eli . Then you 're talking about suicide . I can 't trust him . I can 't be sure he 's going to do the right thing when the time comes . I 'll admit he 's not perfect , but I don 't think that- - and what if he doesn 't find a solution , what if after two weeks , he loses his nerve , and then he keeps the life support going , even for just a few days , what happens ? Then we drop out early and drift . And wake up in a thousand years . If we wake up at all . Right . No , it 's the only choice . No , it 's not . I 'll do it . Eli ... If you stay out , it 's automatic , you 're dead . If I do it , at least I have a chance . Maybe even a better chance than Rush . For too long , I 've been content to stay in his shadow , play the part of the eager Young protege , take his orders , but ... I 'm not afraid to say it anymore . I 'm smarter than him ... And all three of us know it . Right , I-I can 't ask you to do that . And I can 't take no for an answer . Sorry . [ Quiet music plays ] [ Knocks ] Hey . He told me about the conversation . Oh ... right . Awkward . No , not really . I knew he wouldn 't trust me enough to let me stay . You did ? Well , in case you hadn 't noticed , we do have history . Is that why you volunteered in the first place ? Because you knew he wouldn 't accept ? What difference does it make ? [ Whispering ] No ... The only thing I failed to anticipate was that you would volunteer to take my place . So you did want it to be Young . I don 't want anyone to die , Eli . This isn 't even my idea , remember ? But you didn 't come up with a better one . Not in the allotted time , no , which just goes to prove my point . We 're going to need you on the other side . Oh ... I 'll be there . You know , maybe I haven 't said this often enough , Eli , but you do have ... You do have tremendous potential . I 'd hate to see you throw it all away . I 'm not . Anyway , what 's the point of having potential if you 're not going to step up when you 're really needed ? You 've come a long way from that video-game slacker I discovered a year ago . Thanks . You 've been pretty consistent . [ Beeping commands ] Colonel . Mr. Wallace . You sure about this ? I 've never been more sure of anything in my life . You 're a good man , Eli . Now , get this done , and we 'll see you on the other side . Right . Right . [ ♪ ] [ ♪ ] [ Power whining down ] [ ♪ ] [ ♪ ] = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
