 This thing workin ? Of course it 's working , you dimwit . Turn it around . - Did you get it ? - Got it . Ed finds a follower , student and cameraman in his neighbor Dale , a bored retired postal worker , living on disability pension The Bilderberg meetings take place in a different country every year , they are top secret and run by military intelligence ... Meanwhile , Ed 's life starts to unravel . First authorities take his son away , then Ed 's wife leaves him . Ed convinces himself that THEY - whoever they are- - want to demoralize him - The Bilderberg meetings serve the purpose of shaping world politics and economy by manipulating the media with the ultimate goal to preserve and enhance this wealth and power - other groups may be pulling the strings behind the Bilderberg , possibly even the Freemasons or the Illuminati , but that is conspiracy theory , Bilderberg is fact ! Oh , thank God- - I was so scared - I thought I would never get out of here ... What 's that ? Security precaution . That 's standard procedure nowadays . We have to document every job in case of malpractice- - It 's called a locksmith-cam . How 's it ... How 's it goin ' . That 's Dale . Nice to meet you . The lock got rusty inside , that 's why it wouldn 't open- - old Dutch clunker . I 'd replace it if I were you . Oh ? Sure- - I - - Here- - How about this one ? - Aw , why don 't you come inside . You know , it 's so hard these days for an elderly woman to live alone in this city - That 's - Pardon - Oh , yes ... My brother . I- - met him once- - briefly . When ... ? A couple of years ago . Are you in touch with him ? Sidney , he- - he disappeared about six months ago - What ? moved out of his apartment and left me with this suitcase and ... that 's it ... He vanished . No one knows where he is ... . Anyway-I 'll take the lock - is it expensive ? - No ... Can you possibly come back Monday to install it ? I 'm going out of town over the weekend . Here - I 'll just give you a little something in the meantime If I may ... - Thank you ... Thank you Cut ! What now , big fella ? We have to get the bag . How ? - I 'm a locksmith , remember ? - You 're talkin ' break-in and entry , May the Lord be with us . The content of Sid Schleimann 's bag is a disappointment . Only history and conspiracy books- - Ed has read all of them . But then , at the bottom - A note from Schleimann- - a list of names . Perhaps the first clue . Are you sure this is what you want ? This is it . Where did you get it ? There is this store - it has tapes and books ... . Old stuff ... What 's the name of the bookstore ? I didn 't- - I didn 't refresh my brain cells in three years- - what was it called- - Nation ? Illus - Illustration - or - Illusion ? Yes ... Illusion ... . Excuse me . Are you Vito ? Who wants to know ? My name 's Jack . - What 's the matter with you ? - I 'm looking for a book . Knock yourself out It 's a particular book- - it 's called Zenith . I don 't know it . You sold this tape to a collector a few years ago . He says you have the book . - Get the fuck out of my store ! - I can offer you a good deal ... - I said get out ! - Take it easy - Now ! And don 't come back ! - Uh-huh- - Take it easy - Last chance- - or I 've just caught a thief stealing in my store . Alright . Cut to interior , Illumination bookstore , the following night . You don 't learn , do you ? You dumb fuck Characters are not developed , huh the first act was weak , huh too many subplots , eh you motherfucker when was the last time you did anything noble or inspiring , or at least intellectually challenging something that was not self-gratifying you self-obsessed cocksucker look at you- - sitting back in your chair , just consuming pictures and words and you understanding nothing . that 's what I 'd tell these fuckin ' assholes everybody 's a critic every fuckin ' dumb-ass and half-literate who walks through this door . They can 't write , they don 't read but they can judge who the fuck are you to judge ? Who the fuck are you to judge ? With what ? Did you write anything , huh did you produce anything worthwhile in your life except perhaps some snotty little brats who 're gonna grow up to be even dumber than you are Vito is an angry man he is always angry . He is also a conspiracy buff . The important thing is , I 've got the book , and it gets even better after I identify myself as Ed Crowley 's son , Vito digs out two more tapes . He sold tape number three only because he was desperate for money , but to him Ed Crowley 's a hero . I must admit , although he is quite insane , Vito does know many words but then again , he still reads books . Go to tape number four . There are 13 names on Sid Schleimann 's list . Ten of them are dead - accidents , Car crashes suicides , cardiac arrests to Ed , this is further proof of the grand Conspiracy . But three of them are still alive ... .. I 'm sill not sure about that camera - It 's for the family . - Yes , but His sister is dying . She can 't travel . This might be the last chance she gets to see him He 's in the Rec-room . Why is he handcuffed ? - He 's a sex addict . - What ? He masturbates - compulsively . - You didn 't know that ? - I-well - - she didn 't tell me . I 'll leave you two alone . Mr. Oberts ? Mr. Oberts , can you hear me ? Doug ? Doug Oberts ? Mr. Oberts , this is very important you 've got to talk to me ... . Damn , it 's hot in here ... . You are on Sid Schleimann 's list . Do you remember Sid Schleimann ? What do you know about Zenith ? This is unbearable ... . - Behold - Mr. Oberts I shew you a mystery ; We shall not all sleep , but we shall all be changed in a moment , in the twinkling of an eye , at the last trump for the trumpet shall sound , and the dead shall be raised incorruptible , - and we shall be changed - Mr. Oberts , can you hear me ? - For from henceforth ... - Mr. Oberts there shall be five in one house - Please divided , three against two , and two against three the father shall be divided - against the son , and the son against the father ; - Please listen to me the mother against the daughter , and the daughter against the mother - But there were false prophets - Please - also among the people , - Mr. Oberts , look at me - even as there shall be false teachers ... - Mr. Oberts , Please - among you who privily shall bring in damnable heresies even denying the Lord that bought them and bring upon themselves swift destruction - SWIFT DESTRUCTION ! - Shut up ! Shut up ! - Is everything alright ? - Everything 's fine . Are you sure - No , it 's fine - I heard shouting Doug just got excited when I told him about his sister He shouldn 't get excited It 's OK- - He 's calm now Sir , you need to leave . - But it 's alright now - Sir ! I 'll be back ... The second name on Sid Schleimann 's list is Hank Mirren an old Friend of Schleimann ... Mr.Mirren ? Is this really necessary ? For documentation purposes only it helps the investigation When was the last time you saw Mr. chleimann ? I 'm not sure- - maybe a month before he disappeared . - I talked the police already - I know , but this is a private investigation . Every detail might help ... Sid suffered from manic depression . The last two years were unbearable Nothing could help him . He saw only one way out What are you saying ? I think he killed himself . Huh ? Where 's the body ? You have to understand Sid was always a bit strange Even as a kid , everyone thought he 's just shy , but it was more than that . He was sick Did he ever mention something called Zenith to you ? Sure . He kept blabbing about it all the time . It started off four-five years ago with these weirdo - and pamphlets he read and then the internet- - his mind went just So , that was all his fantasy ? He was a deranged man . - It 's a sad story . - Did he get any treatment ? He tried different drugs , doctors ... nothing . Look , I 've got to go - Wait - - Is there anything else you can think of - No , not really- - I 'm sorry . Cut He was lying . He was just queasy . People don 't like talkin ' about that kinda thing ... No . He was lying . He said the guy was sick , even as a child ... Parents fuck you up , no matter what - but that 's not it . Maybe it is true- - maybe he popped himself . Sometimes it 's the most obvious explication Yeah , right . Coming from Hank Mirren there are absolutely no records about Mirren plus he used to work for the military . C 'mon , Ed , what 's that gotta do with anything - You see that car ? Behind us Don 't turn around ! Look into the mirror ... . That car 's been following us . You sure ? They 've been behind us ever since we left Mirren . They 're turning off they realized we saw them ! There is nothing outside of language ! Language defines us ! Even our unconscious is defined by language ! Am I right , Jack , or what ! You are preposterously dumb ! - Me- - - dumb ! ? You fuckin ' cocksucker what about semiology ? Huh How the fuck would you communicate your retarded ideas read a book ! - Open your eyes ! - Shut the fuck up ! Get the fuck out of here ! Suddenly I 'm surrounded by a raving madman . I don 't even know how Vito ended up here . This family has become a dysfunctional family . It 's time for them to leave ... Jack can 't concentrate , Jack can 't read and Jack has a good excuse to go out and search for Lisa again . Slow down to a blur Fade , fade , fade ... What are you doing ? What is this about ? You tell me- - Jack . - Who do you work for ? - We ask the questions . So , you 're interested in language ? Do you know what Zenith means ? The- - highest point in- - heavens - directly above the observer ! You 're free to go That 's me , Jack- - or Dumb Jack , if you will , and this is the story ... .
