 Professor Tanaka Nessie , spotted in Scotland 's Loch Ness . The mammoth , until only recently spotted in the frozen north . The Himalayan Yeti . The elusive Tsuchinoko . Now , could they be creatures which have existed since before recorded history ? Cellular phones , the Internet , man-made satellites . Scientific progress is attempting to lead humanity to the stars . But one moment , if you will . Consider that on this Earth there are still many enigmas for which science hasn 't accounted . Perhaps before mankind turns its eyes to outer space it should first take a good look at what 's to be found at its feet . The city was coldhearted to me . My dream was never meant to be . I realize now that I have absolutely no talent . And I feel terrible about that . Kanako , you can come back anytime if you get tired of city life . Shirikodama and I will always be waiting for you to return home . Grandmother ... I hope I get to see you soon . now entering Shirikodama Shirikodama Midorinuma - Kawakobashi Kanako ' After School Date' Kanako ' Tonight With You Tonight' Nothing changes around here . Shirikodama always has a warm welcome for me . Drive faster ! Yeah ! This is too slow ! Ahhh , that feels good . I love the smell of Shirikodama 's seaside . Grandmother ! Oh shit ... lt 's just some old lady . Let 's go ! Grandmother ! Grandmother ... Grandmother ! Don 't die , Grandmother ! Welcome home , Kanako . We have to ... We have to protect Kappa ... Kappa ? A kappa is a kind of goblin passed down in Japanese folklore since ancient times . They inhabit rivers and ponds , and their entire bodies are green . Their distinctive features include a plate on top of their heads a turtle-like shell on their backs , and fins on their limbs . They specialize in swimming and sumo wrestling . Their weakness is the aforementioned head plate . Their favorite food is cucumbers so much so that in Japan , sushi with cucumber in it is called " kappa roll . " In Japan , there 's a sense that kappa = cucumbers . According to Japanese folklore and tradition kappa love mischief , but they aren 't malicious and are said to be amicable creatures . We have to protect Kappa ... Grandmother ! Grandmother ... Grandmother ! Fujiko Kanako Kadou My grandmother raised me all by herself after my parents died . I thought now I 'd get to take care of her ... kappa kappa drawings Our family 's always had a deep reverence for the kappa . I 'll honor your dying wish , Grandmother . I 'll protect the kappa ! I love the beach ... lt 's tough to find a good time these days ... You said it ... You can hear your soul if you listen to the waves . Hey , there 's somebody walking on the water . Yeah ... Maybe it 's a ghost ? Oh , a cow 's crossing the ocean . Whoa , am I thirsty . This game 's getting old . What 's ketchup doing on a cucumber ? Because I like cucumbers . What are you , a kappa ? Kappa kappa ! Kappa kappa ! Kappa ! Kappa kappa ! Help me ! Kappa really exists ! He 's eating my cucumbers ! That 's so cute . Kappa ! Kappa kappa ! Kappa ! Kappa ... Kappa ? Mommy ! Get away from me ! Help me ! Momma ! Kappa ! Kappa ! Call the cop-pas ... You 're safe now . No ! A monster ... My boyfriend ... Help us ! I 'll help you . What do you think you 're doing , just barging into somebody 's house ? is this you , Kanako ? Quit looking at that ! What 're you doing ? Give that to me ! Ow ! What 're you doing ? Give that to me ! Oh come on , let me see it . No ! What 's this ? Never you mind . I wanna see . Be quiet . " Tonight With You Tonight . " You 're stingy . And you don 't give up ! Stingy . Go away . What 's that on your head ? A headband ! What 's that on your head ? Huh , so that 's Akihabara style . It 's cute , don 't you think ? I had a dream last night , a melody . Someday we 'll be together , you and me . Someday we 'll be together , you and me . That 's enough . You 're embarrassing me . That 's enough . You 're embarrassing me . I 'm wearing panties again today . That 's enough . You 're embarrassing me . I 'm wearing panties again today . The stars above are all lucky , happy . I 'm going to end up putting our secret inside a treasure chest . I 'm going to end up putting our secret inside a treasure chest . No way . I 'm going to end up putting our secret inside a treasure chest . I promise I 'll bleed with a smile on my face near the seashore . And so ... Let it hear that song again ! ... tonight with you tonight . I 'm sure tomorrow will be tomorrow . The blue sky 's such a blue sky . Let 's have some tea . Coffee time 's lucky , happy . The kappa likes your song ! Over the rainbow it 's fancy . We 're always together , you and me . It 's so tender inside , softy . The moon above is just so lucky , happy . You 're so wonderful , I give you presents yesterday and tomorrow . The kappa fell down ! Tonight with you tonight . I 'll change my hairstyle , a permanent . The blue sky 's such a blue sky . Everlasting , endless love is ... Nobody would listen to my singing in Tokyo , but look how much Kappa likes it . I 'm glad I came back to Shirikodama . I feel a lot better thanks to Kappa . Thank you , Kappa . I had a dream last night , a melody . Someday we 'll be together , you and me . I 'm wearing panties again today . The stars above are all lucky , happy . The plate broke ... Someday we 'll be together , you and me . I 'm wearing panties again today . The stars above are all lucky , happy . I 'm going to end up putting our secret inside a treasure chest . I promise I 'll bleed with a smile on my face near the seashore . And so , tonight with you tonight . I 'm sure tomorrow will be tomorrow . The blue sky 's such a blue sky . Let 's have some tea . Coffee time 's ... Stop that ! What are you doing to Kappa ? Kappa ! Run ! Sweet dreams . We have to protect Kappa ... I protected Kappa just like you said , Grandmother . Revive the spirit of Japan Revive the spirit of Japan What is this place ? What is this place ? Amphibious weaponized fishmen . Umihiko # 14 , # 15 , and # 16 . Well ? Fantastic , aren 't they ? They 're disgusting . I won 't allow you to insult the Umihikos ! Because you know what ? They 're the embodiment of my grandfather 's life of research blood , sweat , and tears ! Grandfather was a scientist for the Japanese Army in World War ll and he had the idea to make enchanced humans using the skin cells of a mummified kappa . You mean my Kappa 's ? Correct . Although the kappa mummy synchronizing with the Umihikos and ... During the war , the Japanese army was hurting due to numerical inferiority . As a last resort , we were going to rebuild all our surviving soldiers into Umihikos and launch a full-scale marine invasion of the American homeland . Grandfather continued his research in secret as the focal point of that project . But some army bigwigs made a big stink about it being " inhumane " and the research was cancelled . Yet Grandfather never gave up on it . He moved his laboratory here without anyone knowing and continued his Umihiko research even after the war ended . And then , just before it would have been complete- - Grandfather passed away . Grandfather ... I 'm sure you were very disappointed . But once he died , I inherited his splendid research ! I , Yuriko , his granddaughter , saw his work through to its wonderful completion ! He might be dead , but his soul lives on in the Umihikos ! You 're insane ! Insane ! Insane ! Insane ! Insane ! Indeed ! Proper sensibility can never bring change to this country . Who are you ? We 're members of the State Guard . And what is that ? We lost the war , and the people of this country were completely defanged ! Bushido perished , and the streets overflow with frivolous youths ! It 's decadence ! Unbridled decedance ! Do you know the true meaning of peace ? True peace can only be achieved though the pursuit of our country 's ideals and victory in the holy war ! Revive the spirit of Japan Now is the time to restore true Showa ambition ! The time has come for the defanged Yamato race to grow some new fangs . Behold the new fangs of Asia ! All of you are crazy . What the hell is this ? The New Japanese Imperial Navy 's Umihiko Female Division # 1 and # 2 . What 'd you do to them ? You 'll find out soon enough , # 3 . # 3 ? What 're you doing ? Stop it ! Cut it out ! It 's showtime ! Yeah ! You 'll soon be just like your beloved kappa , # 3 ! These monsters are nothing like Kappa ! I 'd rather be dead ! Yeah ! Goodbye , Kappa ... What the ? Whoa ! Kappa ! Capture it alive ! What the ? Gross ! You ... Go get ' em ! You goddamn bitch ! Grandfather ! Who did such a thing ? I can 't take anymore of this ! I 'll blow all of you away ! S-Stop ! That 's the switch for the atomic bomb that 'll wipe this lab 's secret and the village off the face of the Earth ! Say what ? Just how crazy are you ? Don 't do it ! I really hate it when people tell me what to do . I 'm pushing it . Stop ! Yeah ! No ! It seems mankind has finally opened the Pandora 's Box it must never open . Run ! Oh my god ! It 's coming this way ! Run ! Hurry ! Okay , here we go . One more . Look at the camera . Run ! at the scene of the monster attack A monster has appeared in the city , ladies and gentlemen ! It 's rampaging through the streets like it owns the place . How in the world are the Self-Defense Forces going to cope with this monster ? We 're awaiting their swift response . at the scene of the monster attack at the scene of the monster attack Furthermore , it was decided at a cabinet meeting that ... at the scene of the monster attack at the scene of the monster attack ... the monster would be named Hangyolas . ... the monster would be named Hangyolas . at the scene of the Hangyolas attack ... the monster would be named Hangyolas . Hangyolas Counter-Measure HQT The Chief and commanding officers are present and accounted for . I have a message from the Prime Minister . He wishes us all the utmost success in this battle . Thank you , sir . Of course . Your target is Hangyolas ! Fire ! Come on , fire ! Fire ! Fire ! Shoot it ! Fire ! Fire ! What 're you doing ? Fire ! It 's huge ! Mommy ! As was stated in the previous report Hangyolas ' tough skin repelled our attack . Data is currently being gathered regarding other unique characteristics it possesses . This is no time for such tedious procedures ! We 're already losing men out there . We should be moving on to a more effective and meticulous plan . So you want us to turn Japan into a war zone again . We 're already at war . Chief . Hangyolas has already paralyzed one city . It might mean the death of this country if we allow the damage to spread ! Ladies and gentlemen , I hope you can hear me . Martial law has been declared in the city and the SDF is about to carry out a full-scale assault against Hangyolas . Thanks to the appearance of Hangyolas , this city that has long been a place of peace and order is now turning into a war zone . Our tanks and fighters are ready to attack . Twelve naval vessels are currently deployed as well . Should Hangyolas attempt to escape via the ocean , they 'll destroy it in one fell swoop . Where is the Gorgon Monster Death Ray Unit currently ? At 2200 yesterday they departed the garrison in Aomori and are currently headed south . They should arrive soon . Not soon enough . Chief , I think we can inflict considerable damage on Hangyolas with our current firepower . If you would give the order . Target locked ! Attack ! Prepare to attack . All forces , prepare to attack . Your target is Hangyolas ! All units , prepare to attack ! Fire ! Firing ! Direct hit ! Fire ! Good ! Firing ! Mommy ! Fall back ! Fall back ! Mother ! Go ! You go get it ! I can 't , sir ! I 'm scared ! Don 't run ! You 've gotta fight ! I 'm too scared ! Granny ! Here it comes ! Mom ! The fighter squadron is wiped out . Not a single jet can continue to attack . The tank division is wiped out . Survivors are currently being confirmed . breaking news from the scene of the Hangyolas attack Good news , everyone . The Gorgon Monster Death Ray Unit has just arrived . The Gorgon Monster Death Ray , the most powerful laser weapon in history is the result of top level military scientific development . It 's truly no exaggeration to say this is the day for which this weapon was developed . Let 's hope that this , the SDF 's final trump card will be what finally destroys Hangyolas for good . We 're counting on you , Gorgon ! The Gorgon Monster Death Ray Unit is now in attack position . Attack ! Roger ! Target Hangyolas ! Fire ! Continue the attack ! Good , just a little more ! Don 't retreat ! Attack ! Attack ! The Death Ray Unit 's been neutralized ! I repeat ! The Death Ray Unit 's been neutralized ! The Death Ray Unit 's been neutralized . 98 % losses . They 're withdrawing . So this means now nobody can stop Hangyolas . The city is in ruins , thanks to the continuing ravages of Hangyolas . Electricity , water , gas . All our lifelines have been cut off . Now lacking the spirit to enjoy music or art people are no longer even able to appreciate pretty flowers or nature . They live in fear of Hangyolas , never knowing when it may attack . Many of the refugees have developed posttraumatic stress disorder indicating that some of Hangyolas ' ravages have taken place deep within our hearts . We 're done for . Daddy , I 'm scared . The SDF 's forces have suffered ruinous damage . The Hangyolas situation is looking worse and worse . Now , how are things going on the front line ? Mr. Omobe . Mr. Omobe ? Yes , Omobe here . The moster Hangyolas is rampaging even harder than it was before . The SDF 's attacks seem to have only provoked it further . Did you hear that roar just now ? That was Hangyolas itself ! I would have to say we 're in considerable danger , right here . But I hope we can keep reporting as long as possible . The peace we enjoyed until yesterday is about to completely collapse thanks to this one monster ! The world humanity has known until now has ... lt looks like time has run out for our reporting team ! Sadly , this might just be the end . Goodbye , everyone ... Goodbye ! That 's hot ! Hot ! I can 't move ! Mr. Omobe being attacked . I can 't move ! lt-it 's a kappa ! It 's a kappa ! That 's no kappa . It 's a monster ! A kappa is a type of goblin , a term which suggests a creature of legend . On the other hand , a monster in this case is a gigantic , powerful creature . So , creature of legend , and gigantic , powerful creature . I hope you see the difference ? The kappa monster won . So it would seem . What the ? It 's far more ferocious than Hangyolas was . That 's correct . This is what mankind gets for not believing in the existence of unconfirmed lifeforms . He is the kappa that will be the end of humanity . He is Death Kappa . Isn 't there anything we can do ? Our total strength was no match for Hangyolas and this is the monster that beat it ! What do we do ? Over the rainbow it 's fancy . We 're always together , you and me . It 's so tender inside , softy . Something 's wrong with Death Kappa . Switch to a camera that can show us that area . There 's still a civilian up there . Rescue her at once ! Yes , sir ! No , wait . What for , sir ? No , wait . Let 's watch this for a bit . But , sir ... You 're so wonderful , I give you presents yesterday and tomorrow . So please have some of this sweet , lovely candy . This evening , tonight with you tonight . I 'll change my hairstyle , a permanent . The blue sky 's such a blue sky . Everlasting , endless love is lucky , happy . Kappa , your plate is dry . Here you go . You finally remembered , didn 't you ? What happened ? This means we didn 't need any powerful weapons against Death Kappa . It 's all right . Nobody will hurt you anymore . Death Kappa 's reminded us of what we forgot so long ago . Goodbye , Death Kappa ! Goodbye , Kappa .
