 Good news , everyone . Remember when you asked to see my family tree ? All : No . Ta-da ! ( Whirring ) This is my ancestor Philo Farnsworth , inventor of television , and as a bonus , childhood obesity . And here 's Dean Farnsworth , developer of the Farnsworth test for colorblindness . Where is he , blasted ? ! And just recently , I learned of a modern-day Farnsworth who invented the anti-senility truss . That 's you , Professor . ( Mutters ) Ah , yes , the Farnsworths boast a proud and distinguished lineage . No wormy fruit on this tree . What about fry ? Isn 't he your distant Uncle ? ( Snoring ) Very distant . Not a true Farnsworth , mind you . He 's way over here on this filthy branch riddled with fungus and dung beetles . ( Snoring ) ( Snoring , gasps ) What 's with the 17 dung beetles ? Well , it 's 6 : 00 . I guess we 'll have to deliver that human heart tomorrow . Good work , people . ( Whooping ) Time to go clubbing ! Baby seals , here I come . ( Sighs ) Guess I better head over to my night job . You have a night job ? Yup . It 's exhausting , but I need the extra money to buy coffee so I can stay awake for my night job . - But ... - Got to go ! ( Crickets chirping ) You 've got a surprising amount of algae in your beard , Mr. President . Just sit still and let the algae-eater do its work . Oh ! Ow ! Oh ! Lay off my trademark mole ! Hi , Lars . Fry . Whatever . I 'm heading out to my night job . Remember , no loud noise , no head bowling , and no parties , or it 'll be your ass in a jar . I want to go to that museum ! ( Munching ) Man , this place is a snooze . Hey , fry , I challenge president taft here to a pie-eating contest . You 're on , skinny . Sorry , guys . You know the rules . No fun allowed . Come on , you pansy ! I 'm thirsty ! I want me some Tennessee loopy juice ! And I want loose women ! The kind that aren 't afraid to show a little ankle . ( Whispering ) : Or elbow . No visitors . I 'll lose my job . Oh , boo-hoo , I 'll lose my minimum wage job . ( Laughter ) You 're mean , rutherford b . Hayes ! Listen here , young man . We have nothing to fear but running out of beer . ( Sighs ) Oh ! All right , one small get-together , but let 's keep it quiet and dignified . Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . ( Laughs ) Ooh-wee ! ( Laughter and whooping ) All : Four more beers ! Four more beers ! Yes ! Right in the ike ! ( Panting ) Nice elbow action . So , you grow hemp . Yes . And , uh , you do what with it ? All manner of things . Manufacture paper , fabric , rope ... Oh . Well , nice talking to you . Why , I used to smoke about four feet of rope a day . Let me give you my pager number . Hey , Reagan , remember when you asked to see my family tree ? I asked you to leave me alone . ( Whirring ) The Farnsworths are a remarkable ... Farnsworth ? ! That name is a stain on American history . One of the worst traitors of the revolution was a Farnsworth . - You 're lying ! - He 's George Washington . He tends not to do that . David Farnsworth was a notorious British agent and counterfeiter . He conspired to bring down our nation with his fraudulent currency ! A Farnsworth did this ? Oh , dear ! My good name is ruined ! Hi . I 'm Jerry . I like movies . ♪ ♪ Anyone seen ulysses grant ? He owes me a cheroot . He 's over there , puking in the bushes . Both : No ! ( All gasping ) Oh , boy . Mr. Fry ! Why are all these people standing around ... When they should be partying ? ( Cheering ) ( Dance music playing ) Hey , hey , lbj , you want to get drunk ? Oh , hell , yeah . ( Grunting ) Zoidberg , no ! The effects of jar juice aren 't fully understood . Eh , not bad . A hint of vitalis and ... Whoa ! I recognize this . It 's the 1960s ! I did a report on it for my drug-taking class . Hi , I 'm Andy warhol , and you 're some kind of marvelous lobster-man . Right on . Say , you got any real soup , or just this schlock ? ( Whoosh ) What a horrid bore . Ooh . Huh ? Far out . That head gave me a total head trip ! Really ? I 'm gonna lick Herbert Hoover 's head . All : Lick the head ! Lick the head ! ( Chiming , whoosh ) Whoa , a speakeasy ! One prohibited beverage , please . Hey , Dutch , the new still is here ! I 'm not a still . I just smell like one . ( Tires screeching , police siren wailing ) Man ( With Irish accent ) : Dutch Schultz , come out with your bootleg whiskey . We 're thirsty ! ( Gunfire ) ( Gunshot ) ( Whoosh ) What the heck is going on ? Jefferson , did you sell me some bad rope ? It must have something to do with the jar fluid . ( Sniffing ) Aha ! Dr. Cahill , do I detect a trace of opalescence ? Very observant , Professor . To preserve the heads , we use a rare form of powdered crystalline opal . ( Mechanical rhythmic humming ) This is the world 's entire supply . Yet it 's so powerful , it should last a thousand years . It keeps the heads alive , but we don 't know how . Why did it give us those hallucinations ? Because it didn 't ! Uh , yeah-huh . Opal has unusual temporal properties . It preserves each head in a time stasis bubble . Ergo , licking those heads actually sent us back in time to their original eras . Look ! Zoidberg : Ugh ! Schlock and more schlock . Psst . Is the coast clear ? Button your yap , you mug . I 've discovered a new means of time travel . I 'll call it the Farnsworth effect ! Nice try , but even this discovery won 't undo the treachery wrought by your nefarious ancestor David Farnsworth . It will if we go back in time and stop him ! ( Gasps ) Oh ! Professor , no ! You can 't tongue the father of our country ! ( Whoosh ) Where are we ? Also , when are we ? 68th and Broadway , colonial era . ( Cow bell jingles , cow lowing ) Rush hour . By my calculations , this head trip will last at most 24 hours . We need to stop that monster David Farnsworth ! Leela : Look at the date on this newspaper . April 17 , 1775 . Say , on this exact date , the continental congress was meeting secretly in New York . Maybe they can help us . But they could be meeting anywhere . What are we going to do , search building to building ? Professor : We 'll start with that one . Alexander Hamilton of New York , how say you ? Nay ! John hancock and John Adams of Massachusetts ? Yea ! Yea ! The yeas have it . Our nation 's official joke state shall be new Jersey . ( Knocking ) Uh-oh . ( Munching , swallowing ) ( Guns cocking , door squeaks open ) Ah , ' tis just our new crock pot . Watch it , wiggy . I ain 't no stinking crock . We 'll see about that in five hours . Halt ! From whence comest thou , one-eyed maiden ? Uh ... ever been to Peru ? Certainly not . I 'm from Peru . Clam up , founding fathers . We need help locating the treacherous forger who forged this forgery . ( Gasping ) My word . If these enter circulation , our economy will be destroyed , and with it , our chance at independence . Only one man in the colonies has a printing press fine enough to make these . Our good friend Ben Franklin ! Uh-oh . Isn 't Franklin in Philadelphia ? When he 's not in Charlotte or Marybelle or Louisa . ( Laughter ) I don 't get it . I 'm sure no one 's ever said this before , but I must get to Philadelphia as quickly as possible ! Oh ! Why couldn 't my disgraced ancestor have lived in the nascar era ? ( Door squeaks open ) Dr. Franklin , your new steam engine is here . I ain 't no stinking steam engine ! ( Ding ) Chicken 's ready . You may go , Louisa . Now I get it . ( Vibrating ) Fascinating . Be you man or machine ? Mostly machine . Might be a couple of dead cats in there . Dr. Franklin , with all due respect to the brilliant inventor of the ... stove , I must speak with you . Hmm ? I 'm looking for the scoundrel who made this . Intricate filigree , satanic symbols . Looks like one of mine . ( Gasps ) But no , this is a fake ! Duh . It says " colony of Maffachufetts . " ( Scoffs ) More like Taxachufetts . ( Sighs ) That 's just how we print " s " s , you ftupid fhitheads . Someone must have used my press while I was poking around in Charlotte . Let 's ask my apprentice , David Farnsworth . ( Gasps ) Farnsworth ? ! That 's him ! Arm yourselves ! I call it the Franklinator . ( Door squeaks open , gasps ) ( Squeaking ) The apprentice 's suite is empty ! He 's gone ! Wait . What 's that glistening in the chamber pot ? Let 's find out ! Bender , do you know what a chamber pot is ? I don 't know , and I don 't care . A Massachusetts halfpenny ? Probably fake , too . There 's one way to find out . ( All groaning in disgust ) What ? Bender bit a poo penny . Bender bit a poo penny . Look , ' tis but worthless tin . Where could Farnsworth have minted such a high quality fake ? Not here . But , you know , I have a friend in Boston who 's an expert silversmith . They could be connected . There 's only like 40 people who do anything around here . But Boston 's 300 Miles away , and bender kicked our horse to death . We 'll never get there in time . Unless you have another invention up your sleeve . ( Scoffs ) Hmm ... ( Thunder crashes , rain falling ) How is this going to get us to Boston ? Ow ! ( Grumbling ) Stupid Franklin . I will get you ! ( Grumbling ) Ah , that scrap metal I ordered is here . I 'm 40 % scrap metal . ( Metallic clang ) Well , Ben Franklin , my fellow son of liber ... Teakettles . Yes , I 've made some new teakettles . Perfect for special occasions . Like hanging king George in effigy ... And " h " and " I " are monograms you can put on those kettles . What are you looking at , you British bastards ? Paul , we talked about this . Mr. Revere , we 're looking for a counterfeiter who minted these smelly halfpennies . His name is David Farnsworth . Fasworth ? I just hired him for the fall candlestick rush . He 's in the foundry this very moment . ( All gasp ) Everybody , take a Franklinator . Aw , I got a chipmunk . Hee-yah ! Uh , wha ... ? David Farnsworth , I presume ? ( In cockney accent ) : I is Davy Farnsworth . Foof . You 're a disgrace to the very name ( imitating David ) " Farnsworth . " Look out . He 's got a bezelling planisher . That 's rig . Who wants to be bezelled ? ( Both grunting ) ( Grunting ) You idiot . I 'm not a Cannon . Huh . I guess I am a Cannon . ( Groans ) Time to prune the family tree . Wha ! ( All cheering ) Huzzah ! I 've saved the Farnsworth name . ( Panting ) Urgent message for Mr. Revere . " Mr. Revere , " pray do not ' fhit ' your pants . " The British attack has begun . Cross the river and watch for my signal . " I must ride . ( Horse whinnies ) He has so much stuff . He won 't miss this . Let 's burn these counterfeits and paddle the next swan boat the hell out of Boston . Here you go . Thanks . Say , where did you get that lantern ? From that old church to the north . They had two burning , so I figured they wouldn 't miss one . " One if by land , two if by sea . " The British are coming . The British are coming . By land . By land . Gotta treat this OCD . Gotta treat this OCD . Fry , you dope . You 've really screwed the grannie this time . History needed that second lantern . We 'd better stop Paul revere before ... ( In English accent ) : I guess everything worked out jolly all right , eh , governor ? ( Laughing ) ( In English accent ) : What 's with the fruity accent , ducky ? Bollocks , I got it , too . ( In English accent ) : Where 's all the presidents heads , then ? ( In English accent ) : I say . Appears we 've changed history too much . Disaster of nightmarish proportions and whatnot . Quite . Where have you blokes been ? You nearly missed elevenses . Who 's for tea and shmavouries ? What in bloody hell 's going on around here , I says . Indeed . What 's become of the dear old usa ? Beg pardon ? The revolution ? 1776 and what all ? Oh , the colonial dustup . Well , there 's nothing we brits enjoy more than a good documentary . Turn on the tellyvisor , Dr. Zoidsmythe . I 'll dial up the beeb . They 've always got a nice docky-wocky on . Narrator : The vanquished pride of the Yankees , or , America the dutiful . North America , or west britannia as we now call it , has been under British rule for 1400 years , all thanks to a nutter known as " wrong-way revere . " The British are coming by land , by land . ( Laughing goofily ) But we came by sea , we did . Surprised the yanks at Lexington , ending the rebellion with nary a kipper scuffed . Scuffed kippers , anyone ? Right kind of you , mum . The humiliated conspirators were forced to sign the declaration of dependence , proclaiming British rule forever . Meanwhile , a loyal brit by the name of David Farnsworth tracked down the traitor George Washington , and bravely smothered him with his wig . ( Washington gasping ) Oh , criminy . In gratitude , king George named Farnsworth a Duke and granted his family massive land-holdings in the colonies . Blimey . I 've never felt so ashamed to be a Farnsworth . Will my lord be returning to his massive land-holdings for luncheon ? Huh , wha ? ( Yawns ) I know we 're ladies-in-waiting , but what are we waiting for ? How should I know ? Just shut up and wait . Say , how is it that we 've got socialized medicine , but me teeth still look like this ? Can 't we just go back in time , and set things right again ? Don 't want to . Rather nice , living under the crown and so forth . Rather . Oh ! What 's more , couldn 't go back , even if we wanted to . No more crystalline opal left in all the world , don 't you know . My lord , the queen is here for her weekly , er , visit . The queen ? Sounds most satisfactory . All of you , out . Right then . Let 's go play some quoits , whatever that is . ♪ ♪ Presenting the queen of england , America , and two parking spaces in Tokyo . Where 's me consort at ? C-consort ? That 's right , love . Fer centuries , the Farnsworth gentlemen has provided service to the queen . Now , close your eyes and think of england . I say . What 's that in your crown ? You mean the andamooka opal ? That 's the most precious gem in all the ... ( Clanging ) Yes . Three rubbers on the hobb . ( Professor panting ) Stop him ! He crowned me in the knickers and nicked me crown . ( All panting ) Freeze . Or we 'll be forced to continue chasing you , since we don 't carry guns . Indubitably . ( All panting ) We 've got to go back in time and set things straight . Hurry up and lick Washington 's head again . We can 't . There 's no George Washington nor any other presidents . What about this bloke ? He 's from revolutionary times . Farnsworth . Hey , you 're the plonkers what candlesticked me . Well , I showed you . I killed George Washington , and now I 'm married to one of the spice girls . Don 't rightly know which one . Bender , fetch me that powdered opal . ( Grunting ) It 's time to restore dignity to the Farnsworth name . Ew ! There . That time I left both lanterns in place . And I hit Farnsworth much , much harder . Perhaps too hard . Look , all the presidents are back . Even John Tyler . That 's the first time anyone 's spoken to me in 1,200 years . Yes , from Chester A. Arthur to Chester Z. Arthur , they 're all here . Our Republic and the Farnsworth family name are saved . And no one will ever know . ( Chuckling )
