 Timing : Christophe Drevet Text from the official transcript ZENITH Part III That 's me , Jack or Dumb Jack , if you will and this is the story Fact : In 1974 Stanley Milgram conducted this experiment at Harvard University : ordinary men and women are brought in to participate in what they are told was a study of memory JACK : In my world , there 's no more police JACK : well , there 's private police , but that 's not the same . JACK : The companies and the rich have their own cops , but that 's just another name for thugs ... JACK : clean shaven and in uniform . Fact : The " teacher " has in front of him a row of levers labelled from 15 to 450 volts and a row of switches labelled from slight to severe shock at 300 volts , the " learner " suffers permanent damage at 450 volts , the final ... death Someone knows about Zenith . Someone knows about me . Perhaps Ed Crowley wasn 't crazy after all . The next name on Ed 's list is Matt Smith . The man is a former stock broker and venture capitalist who made zillions of dollars . His life completely changed when he got arrested for embezzlement . When he got out of prison he became an alcoholic , then a drug addict . His life goes spiraling down until he reaches the gutter . Consciousness ... the totality of a person 's thoughts or feelings or of a class of these . Perception , Cu ... Curiousity , enthusiasm ... That 's Jack- - or Dumb Jack , if you will- - and this is deja vu or the illusory feeling of having already experienced a present situation . Cut to Interior , Illumination Bookstore , the following night ... What happened ? Murder . How ? Break-in and entry . Where is the owner ? They found his body . You better get out of here . Jack- - stop ! Vito ! What the fuck I thought you were dead ! They broke into the store- - Who 's " they " ? How the fuck should I know ? the guys who killed JFK Were they cops ? I got one of them motherfuckers he ended up in the fireplace and burned alive Were they cops ? I don 't know ! It happened so fast I wouldn 't even recognize them Jack - can you imagine ? They ransacked my books and tapes ... Shit . What ? ... Jack ? The book and the tapes are still there , but something else isn 't . Mateo came back and died of a heart attack , all in one day . Vito thinks that " they " have somehow killed him . I don 't know . But there is something else Mateo knew all along where tapes number eight and nine were . He just waited to die to tell me . Jack - Got them ! Hank Mirren won 't talk , Matt Smith got killed and Doug Oberts went insane the three survivors from Schleimann 's list Turn that thing off ! What ? Turn the fucking camera off ! What 's the matter with you ? I need to document this Aw - Fuck you , Ed ! Everything 's going to be fine , don 't worry You 've got so wacko you aren 't even reading ' the papers , huh ? What are you talking about ? That Smith guy gets whacked by a mugger We show up at the same time and now they think you killed him Read the fuckin ' papers ! They 're trying to set me up ! Set you up ! You 're seen with a gun blasting ' through the place and now you think they 're settin ' you up ? ! Yeah , I know their game . Are you listening to yourself ? This ain 't no game your picture 's on the front page of the paper Well , it 's a drawing- - and a lousy one at that ! You 're fuckin ' mad ! I should 've told the cops You spoke to the cops ? Wake up ! They think you 're a psycho . I just got lucky the motherfucker hit me , or I 'd be in jail now What did you tell them ? What do you think I told them ? I told them I don 't know you , that 's what I told them . I shouldn 't have come This place is not bugged . How do you know ? 'cause there is no conspiracy — - it 's all in your head , Ed . — please – see a doctor ... Where are they , Dale ? Who the fuck are " they " ? - -I don 't mind , Dale , I know- - All this time no one 's been following us- - I know you had to cover yourself- - I didn 't tell them anything ... and " they " didn 't kidnap your wife and child your wife left you because you were beating the shit out of her How could you ? [ ... ] off , Ed . I didn 't tell them anything ! Get out of here ! I trusted you ! I trusted you , goddamnit . Let go of my arm You 're hurting my arm. goddamned ... I am leaving Dale 's apartment now . I know they must be close . Something I have found has disturbed the beast Get into the car or you 're a dead man . Now ! Move ... Turn off that camera ! What else do you need , Jack ? They killed Mateo Nobody killed him he had a heart attack . Bullshit and you know it . They can make it look like anything . He was 82 years old . So what ? Nowadays that 's not old — Jack , they 're genetically enhanced ... . Just stop ! For fuck 's sake , man What about those weird cops ? What about the guys in my store ? Jack , you saw the tape . Ed was not crazy . We 've got to find that last tape . I 'm tired , Vito ... . Jack ! Jack ! Single , sole , abandoned , deserted , isolated , secluded Jack has to see Lisa ... Ache , distress , agony , torment , torture the sensation that causes acute discomfort or suffering Pain Jack . Jack , can you hear me ? Jack Jack I 'm dead . Shhh don 't ... You almost killed yourself . How did you find me ? Nimble found me . Nimble ? He 's your guardian angel . I can 't eat . Don 't be a child . Your body needs to recover . You 're full of poison ... I saw you and your father- - It 's getting cold . - - fucking . Uh-huh ... What do you think , Jack ? Do you think I like who I am ? Why ? I 'm a whore . Didn 't you notice ? Would you rather idolize me as a virgin or a mother ? Which one do you prefer , Jack ? Did he rape you ? He wants a child from me . What ? People are sick , Jack . You should know That 's why they buy your medication . Breeding inside the family . Keeping the genes pure . You must 've heard about that . I 'm sorry I know ... I tried to run away but there 's nowhere to hide . He 's a very powerful man . So we go south to the Equator . There is this village He 's going to know as soon as we cross the border . We 'll have fake I.D.s. How ? Don 't worry . What 's your name going to be ? My name ? Your name . Horatio . I like it . So tickets , I.D.s , I 'll get everything tomorrow and we can leave the next day . Four countries , five flights , three identities . No one can trace that . Why did you quit being a doctor ? Are you listening to anything I 'm saying ? Uh-huh . Why ? It doesn 't matter . What 's wrong ? Nothing . Berger says that ... Berger ? My father ... he says that the most dangerous people are idealists Dreamers , visionaries , utopians one who leads his life according to ideas , not practicalities Opposite to pragmatist , realist , philistine ? Well , I sell drugs Disappointed dreamer . That 's a cliché ... You would 've been a great doctor . Maybe , but there 's no medicine for poor people ... Cliché yourself I don 't like the rich . But you like me . It 's not easy to get a fake I.D. when your whole life and DNA print are squeezed into one microchip but there 's a price for everything . ... and my premium drugs are the best on the market . Later that day , Nimble and I have our silent good-bye . But life doesn 't care about your plans . Jack . Got it ! I got it . I got the fuckin ' tape number ten and it gets even better , Jack . Where 's Lisa ? I ... what ? Where is she ? Who 's Lisa ? Jack ... There was no one here ... Listen Jack , not only did I get the tape , but I think I found Sid Schleimann 's son , Jack Can you believe that ? The guy had a son the son had tape number ten , the son found me Jack , Jack ... Jack it 's a long story , man ... Listen ... he was searching as well , man and guess what the guy 's one of the fucking richest , most powerful men in the world , Jack Rudolf Berger can you believe that ? It 's Rudolf fuckin ' Berger , Jack Schleimann 's son What ... What ? Yeah ! Jack . Did you hear what I fucking said , man ? Jack ! Mr.Schleimann will see you now . What ? I 'm going alone . What ! Are you fuckin ' nuts ? Look , I 've been here before , OK There seems to be no security , in and out . How can that be possible ? Look , I don 't know . Listen ... If I 'm not back in fifteen minutes , you take Nimble and you get out of here . Can you do that ? Don 't do it , Jack- - please . Come in ... . Don 't be afraid . Who are you ? Sit down . Who are you ? I 'm Sid Schleimann . Come in ... Don 't be afraid . We need to talk . Put the gun away and sit down ... Where is she ? Well , I know and you don 't . If you shoot me , you 'll never find out . Please , sit down . Talk . Is that really necessary ? Yes . You 're not Sid Schleimann ! Well- - yes and no . You see , Ed ... there is no Sid Schleimann . I made him up . Who are you ? Call me Rudy . I was just reading your file Quite amazing . Son of Irish emigrants , good student , loner , idealist , who doubted God but became a priest aggressive , violent , maniac What are you searching for , Ed ? What did you do to Sid Schleimann ? Zenith is the time when the sun comes into its peak , after which there follows inevitable decline but this decline ... is going to be horrendous , but these men will not relinquish control and power Sounds familiar ? What have you done with your life , Ed ? You could 've done something good , some small thing , you were a priest , man ! But you 've ruined your life . Not only that : your wife , your son . What a waste . There is no conspiracy , Ed . We 're not in the middle ages any more . A few secret men who pull the strings of the entire world , please ! Don 't you realize how ridiculous that sounds ? This is the twenty-first century , Ed . Look at me . How old do you think I am ? Remember ? I was all grey ... look at me ! Genetics , bioengineering , it 's going to change the world what am I saying , it 's already changing the world . It certainly changed me . Imagine a future , where everyone will live to be three hundred years old . No more diseases , hunger , senseless violence . Imagine that world let 's say , in about thirty years A better world . Where everyone will be happy . No more pain . I was just reading your file Quite amazing . Your father was a madman , your mother a prostitute , you grew up in foster homes . You have a rare form of epilepsy , yet you managed to pull yourself through medical school best student of an entire generation only to quit in your last year to become a drug pusher What do you want ? What are you searching for , Jack Language ? The rest of your father 's tapes ? The " truth " ? What do you want ? You 're not listening to me , Jack . You could 've done something good , some small thing , you were a doctor , man ! You If I pull this trigger you 're dead . and no plastic surgery or cloned organs are going to bring you back to life- - Rudy . Jack , you- - I 've got one bullet for you , and one for me who do you think has more to lose ? The choice is yours , Ed . You 're free to walk out that door . No one will stop you . Outside , they think you 're a madman You 're wanted for murder , you have nobody , you have ruined everything that was left of your life if you want , you can go back to that . Or you can stay . We can give you a second chance . New name , new face , new everything . You can live a long life , Ed . A very long life How would you like to own your own bookstore ? Where is she ? She 's behind that door . You 're making a big mistake , Jack . You know the words , Jack you could 've been one of us but you chose to be a dumb Jack . I 'm so sorry ... I 'm so sorry , kid Perhaps you 'd like to know ... Lisa 's pregnant . We will abort your child . Mr.Crowley ? Can you hear me ? Mr. Crowley ? He 's regained consciousness ! How do you feel , Mr.Crowley ? So , Ed , how do you feel ? What did you say ? How do you feel ? What did you just call me ? Ed . Ed Crowley . That 's your name . You don 't remember ? Where am I ? You don 't remember anything ? What is the last thing you recall ? We are replacing parts of your brain , Ed . You are part of a very important experiment . Experiment ? Ed , you had a very rare form of brain tumor . That tumor was surgically removed . but your brain was scarred . Does that ring a bell ? The scar tissue was blocking the flow of your neurotransmitters , and this caused a very rare form of epilepsy which resulted in complex-partial seizures and - - well , - - your curious language bouts , they are related to your condition as well And the pain ? It 's more like numbness . You know , sometimes the absence of pain is more dangerous than the pain itself . Epilepsy makes you forget what happens at the time of a seizure and that 's why you don 't remember your crime ... You killed a man , Ed , but you were not aware of it that 's why you are here and not in prison . I , I killed a man ? You wanted to be cured , but there is no cure for you illness . And you agreed to participate in this very important experiment and we 're replacing your sick brain with cloned , genetically improved brain tissue . I 'll be honest with you . Something went wrong . You had a seizure it lasted only about a minute but something very dramatic transpired in your psyche . Your brain activity exploded all over our scanners . Unbelievable . It 's as if you had taken some psychedelic mushroom or something Who did I kill ? I don 't know- - some poor old guy . Fact : The experiment is ... What did you just say ? Fact : The experiment is ... What ? Nothing . Ed , are you OK ? Doctor Do you know what Zenith means ? Are you playing your word games again , Ed ? You may feel exhausted , hopeless and anxious whatever you do , you feel lonely . Life has lost any meaning ... these are symptoms of a serious medical condition affecting millions . While the cause is unknown it may be the result of imbalance of chemicals in the brain Are you feeling tired ? Suddenly old ? Aminohelp is here Surgery is not t he only solution try Aminohelp and feel another 20 years younger My name is Jack Crowley . I am about to die . But that 's not the story . This is the story : Everyone thinks there are ten tapes . But there are more . Find number eleven . It is up to you . The future will be grim and hopeless . I know this for I have uncovered the master plan , the conspiracy behind it all ...
