 There are over 6 billion people on planet Earth . Ordinary folks like you and me , but if you look around carefully , you might find that some of these ordinary folks have extraordinary abilities . I call them Alphas . Some Alphas , like the ones I work with , can do things that would amaze you . Others--the angry , the lost , the afraid- - have abilities that frankly can be terrifying . Ah ! Hello . I 'd like to report an accident . ♪ Alphas 1x02 ♪ Cause Effect Original Air Date on July 18 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = I can 't believe you already have your office done . You know , it 's easy to get people to do things for me . Yeah , it is . Hey , do you think I could take this office ? We could be neighbors . Sure . Oh , you don 't want to be neighbors . Oh , I can find another office . No , it 's fine . - It 's okay . - It 's fine . It 's just ... I mean , Queens , seriously ? There 's , like , a million vacant offices in Lower Manhattan . I could walk to work . Ugh . Man , I need to clean . Watch your back , ladies . You okay ? Gary , how 's this ? No , there 's a hum . It 's still humming . Gary , how can there be a hum ? I haven 't even plugged the damn thing in yet . I hear fluorescent lightbulbs , Bill 's stomach digesting his breakfast , but no hum , Gary . Okay , there you go . No . Yes , there 's a hum in my head . I don 't know where it 's coming from . The old offices were perfect . There was no hum . I 'm with Gary . I mean , Brooklyn I can understand , maybe , but Queens ? Uh , hello , people . Someone tried to kill Dr. Rosen in the old office . You were trying to kill Dr. Rosen , Bill . - Yeah , that was you . - I was mind-controlled , okay ? Gary , this is where I put it . This is where it stays . Drink up . We wouldn 't even be here if it wasn 't for you . You can 't leave that right there . - Your parents ? - Yeah . I thought you weren 't gonna take any calls at the office . I know . I 'm not . Be strong , Rachel . Mm . Yeah , I already told you . Sunday night is fine . Yeah . Sunday night is fine , mother . Yes , I 'm capable of dressing- - Yeah , dress myself . Click , hang up . Mm . Bill ? Bill ? The humming is back . It 's annoying . A little privacy , please . Sorry I 'm late . I , uh , had to drop my kid off . You 're over here ... Your new home . Not much of a view . Well , you show up late , you get what you get . I 'm , uh , not really sure what to do with an office . You could decorate . You 're an ex-jock . Go for sports stuff . Right . Seriously , what do we do all day ? We just , uh , sit around having therapy sessions ? Sometimes , but most of the time we spend looking for other Alphas . When we find them ? We identify them , government tracks them , and some go to the compound . The compound ? - It 's- - - That 's not its real name . She just calls it that . It 's , uh , Binghamton Special Research Facility . It 's this place where they send Alphas who misuse their abilities . Yeah , a danger to self or others . Dr. Rosen says that we don 't have to worry about that . But you do . You do , but we don 't . - Gary . Gary . - Mm . Excuse me . Can I help you ? Is Dr. Rosen in ? I 've got some extra office keys for him . I 'll take those . I should probably give them to him personally . - Do you have some I.D. ? - Bonita . Hi . Hi . Uh , uh , Bonita 's a real-estate agent for the--for the building . She 's been extremely helpful and ... Well , if she 's so helpful , how about the keypad entry system and the lobby surveillance cameras ? - I-I could look into that . - I 'll walk you out . Dr. Rosen . I didn 't realize what you do is so security-conscious . What do you do exactly ? Uh , self-market research . We 're not in market research . It 's a cover story . Uh , by the way , you left this at my place last night . Oh . Uh , ties . Uh , excuse me . I 'm sorry . I have to take this . Call me . - Lee . - Dr. Singh . Thanks for coming all this way . You said there 's been a- - an escape ? First ever of a Binghamton patient from a moving ambulance . Someone walked away from this ? The patient 's cuffs were somehow severed during the crash . Marcus Ayers ? Got it in one . And you have no idea where he is . I was hoping he might 've contacted you . Marcus and I haven 't talked for years . I try every time I 'm up in Binghamton , but ... It 's his choice . Has his mental state improved at all in the time you 've been treating him ? If anything , it 's gotten worse- - the ideas of reference , the persecutory delusions . Nathan , hello . Dr. Rosen , I wasn 't expecting you . I know Marcus . I know how he thinks . You 're going to need my help . The situation feels pretty straightforward . Got an escaped prisoner- - patient , whatever . All we got to do is find out where Marcus is running to , intercept him . Marcus doesn 't run , Nathan . That 's not his style . Have you ever played chess with him ? Marcus plans meticulously . He thinks through every move , but he 's always attacking . Marcus sees enemies everywhere . And we know what happens to Marcus ' enemies . If he 's broken out , he 's perceived a problem and has decided to fix it . The question is , what 's the problem ? Or who ? I 'll see what I can do . It 's a simple game- - 64 squares , 32 pieces . Given any position on the board , there are only a few logical moves . Understand that , and the game becomes predictable . Well , you 're ... You 're not taking the human factor into account . People don 't always make the perfect move . They do , though . For them , it 's their perfect move . Well , now we 're ... We 're getting to the heart of what we 've been working on- - you believe that everything that happens in your life has intent , that there are no accidents or no mistakes . Life isn 't like that , Marcus . It 's , uh , sometimes it 's a flip of the coin . The universe isn 't random . Things happen because people want them to . It 's just moves ... And forced moves . Well , what about you and me ? You didn 't choose to be my patient , did you ? Forced moves . My roommates don 't like me , so they throw a party right before finals . I get angry , and the police show up . The judge makes me go to counseling , and now I 'm here with you . It 's a chain of events- - cause and effect . You don 't really believe your roommates planned all of that , do you ? I can see things ... How everything led to this . How couldn 't they ? Why can 't you ? Because you 're not like everyone else , Marcus . Your brain scans revealed a ... A unique neuroanatomy . That 's why I took such an interest in your case . I-I 'm calling people like you " Alphas . " Alpha , acceleration , the first variable- - I like that . Let me ask you ... Is there anything out of the ordinary that--that you can do ? We 're on our way home now . Yeah . No , we 're just leaving the office . Mom , I never said that I would marry him . I said that I would meet him . Mom . Mom . Don 't say anything . No , I thought you handled that well . No , you didn 't . You--you would 've stood up to her . You would 've been stronger . Look , I haven 't talked to my mother in years ... or my father or my sister , so ... I wouldn 't use me as a yardstick for anything . I don 't know . Maybe you 're better off . That 's what I keep trying to tell myself . Good luck . Tough first day ? It 'll get better . You know , my drill sergeant used to tell me the exact same thing . Look , I know you 're feeling pretty useless right now , but- - You don 't know anything about me , Nina . Well , I know you have excellent hand-eye coordination . And Rosen thinks you belong here . I 'll see you , Hicks . Nice car . I borrowed it . Hi . I 'm looking for Dr. Rosen . I don 't know what Dr. Rosen told you over cocktails last night , but it is not- - Cocktails ? We all know Dr. Rosen 's got some game- - obviously . Oh , Bill Harken- - right . I 'd shake your hand , but don 't want any broken bones . Miss Theroux . No eye contact , please . Rachel . Do we know you ? Miss Sullivan , you 're early . Oh , well , we were all just getting acquainted . Your cell phone is encrypted . That 's right , Gary . It is . Agent Sullivan is overseeing our group while Wilson is on assignment . I 'm glad you 're here . We need to gather in the conference room . We 've got a case . This way , please . Uh , about that ... You and I need to talk first ... In private . According to Marcus ' files , he blames you for his institutionalization , which he brought up repeatedly at Binghamton . And now you 're saying you think he broke out with a specific goal in mind . What 's to say that goal 's not you ? Uh , I ... I don 't see it , frankly . Uh , Marcus left me a message ... What ? At the accident site , and I followed it . And if Marcus wanted me dead , I would be . Wait . He contacted you , and you didn 't tell anybody about it ? Well , not contacted , not directly . He wanted to remind me of something , uh ... of a place and time . Okay , so he doesn 't want to kill you , but apparently you still have a conflict of interest . Forgive me , but I don 't think we 've known each other long enough for you to make that presumption . All right , this is not what I was aiming for between us . Let 's start again . I have no interest in playing games . I won 't withhold information from you without a good reason . Look , uh , I wasn 't all that happy when they started assigning us fieldwork . That 's not what I had in mind for my--for my group- - working under Don Wilson , finding people for Cley and his tactical teams . But apparently that 's the reality now . So let us do our work . Marcus has the ability to predict and even control cause and effect in the physical world . He can create elaborate chains of events- - drop a coin and cause a car to crash , pull one wire and ignite an entire building . Now you all know what I know . Just remember , Marcus ' abilities make him unpredictable and potentially extremely dangerous , so no unnecessary risks . " Unnecessary risks . " How do you know if a risk is unnecessary ? What 's a necessary risk ? Gary , you 're just gonna be scanning cell phones and street cameras , okay ? Yeah , but I get headaches if I go too long . - Well , that 's pretty standard . - Is that a necessary risk ? - You 're gonna be okay , okay ? - Is that an unnecessary risk ? Marcus has been on the loose for almost a day , and you don 't even tell me ? I know it always troubled you- - the fact that I chose to send Marcus to Binghamton . Not as much as it bothered you . I always worried that , you know , I would be next . You know what happened to my boyfriend and what I made him do- - I hurt someone ... and so has Hicks and Harken- - Never intentionally . Yeah , but you 're the one who gets to make that choice ... Who goes and who stays . Nina , that 's something I think about every day . - Really ? - Please . Cause . Effect . Uh , from now on , l-let 's avoid sharp objects . Learning anything ? Well , I can tell you he 's no lost little lamb . That man 's got a mean streak . Driven by paranoia . Since he can control so much in his environment , he has a hard time understanding why others can 't . So , when people fail him , he assumes malevolent purpose . Yeah , I get that . Precisely why I wanted you to take a look at this , because your neuroanatomy is quite similar to Marcus ' . You 're telling me my mind is wired like a psychopath . No , I 'm not saying that . Neuroanatomy and psyche are two very different things . Marcus blames everyone else for the things that go wrong in his life , whereas you turn the blame inward . You obsess on every moment of past failure . I don 't know , Doc . I mean , I look at this guy 's face , and I think , you know , he blames everything and everyone , but somewhere inside of him , he is pointing that finger right at himself . What are you finding , Rachel ? Well , there weren 't any fingerprints , but I did find a tiny smudge in the grooves . It 's old , but I 'm pretty sure it 's- - Ash . Yeah . How 'd you know that ? Past failures . Dr. Rosen ! What took you so long ? Dr. Singh says you have a team . He says they 're a bunch of misfits--I 'd fit right in . Are they here , huh ? Are they gonna try to stop me ? Is that why you left a trail for me to follow ? Would you like to meet them ? I think you 'll find that they 're not your enemies . - So you 're not my enemy ? - No . Your enemy has only ever been your thinking , Marcus . You 've got to understand that . God , where have I heard that before ? Oh , that 's right--from Singh and his staff for six years . You told me I was special . Then you handed me over to people that spent all their time telling me I 'm broken . Mmm . God , that tastes good . You know , Singh won 't let me have any sugar . Is that why you brought me here- - to tell me about all the horrible things that are happening to you at Binghamton ? You 're saying this is news to you ... That you don 't know what 's happening to me ? The only thing that they 've ever tried to do to you up there is to help you understand your feelings of persecution so you could live a normal life . Maybe in the beginning . But things have changed , you know ? It 's not just ping-pong and group therapy anymore . What 's changed ? I-I don 't know what you 're talking about . And now outright denial . What am I denying ? Binghamton- - big plans for the future . This is your mind deceiving you again , Marcus . There were no big plans for- - Then why was I in that ambulance , huh ? I don 't know . I ... You don 't really know what 's going on at Binghamton , and you don 't know why we 're having this conversation . - No , I don 't . - And you don 't even know when you 're being used as bait , do you ? Not much use , are you ? Marcus . Sorry , Dr. Rosen . Our time is up . Stay down . Stay down . Someone call an ambulance ! You should 've kept me in the loop . Maybe then one of my men wouldn 't be dead . And you are blaming me for that ? - You 're damn right I am . - Okay ! All right , we are all on the same side here . Now , we need to start sharing information , or we 're gonna have more screwups . I 'm not the one acting like a cowboy . Nathan , let me ask you something . Marcus was furious about his treatment at Binghamton . He--he talked of plans , something that he thought was going to happen to him off-site . Do you know anything about that ? All I know is Marcus Ayers is a paranoid and a killer . So , sorry if I can 't see him as a victim . Now , I got next of kin to call and a murderer to catch . If you knew where to find Marcus , you should 've told us . I suspected . I did not know . We shouldn 't dismiss what Marcus has been saying . His persecutory delusions often have a basis in truth . They may even indicate what he intends to do next . So you think that Marcus ' fears , his talk of plans , there 's some truth to it ? We need to talk to Dr. Singh . Thank you . Lee , I heard what happened . I 'm glad you 're all right . Oh , I don 't think Marcus was trying to hurt me . I really don 't . You 're alive . Seems to prove your point . On the other hand , he might not feel so kindly towards me . Nothing like being thrown into the deep end . Vijal , is there anything going on at Binghamton I should be aware of ? You haven 't , by any chance , modified Marcus' treatment plans , have you ? Is that what Marcus told you ? Why was he being sent off-site ? Marcus proved unresponsive to traditional therapies- - SSRIs , SNRIs , antipsychotics . Sedatives worked for a time , but he developed a tolerance . We even tried shock therapy . He redirected the current , nearly killed one of my techs . We were shipping him off-site for surgery . For surger- - To see if we could correct his problem , suppress his Alpha ability . Suppress his ability ? Marcus ' ability is an integral part of him , as is the color of a person 's skin or you being left-handed . You can 't extract that . But if I could 've , that agent would still be alive . If you 'll excuse me , I have another meeting- - more feathers to unruffle . Excuse me , Dr. Singh . We 're not through here . Vijal , I sent Marcus to you as a patient , not as a guinea pig . Really ? You sure it wasn 't because you wanted him off your plate ? Be honest with yourself , Lee . You have no idea what goes on at Binghamton , and that 's the way you prefer it . Taxi ! Yeah , yeah . I 'll call you when I get back to Binghamton . Aah ! Did you see how it happened ? The D.O.D. ' s sending a notification team over to Singh 's family . Knock on the door ... Uh , I think you should take a look at this . Two people are dead , and this guy thinks that this is some sort of game ? I 'm afraid it 's all games to Marcus . It 's all moves and countermoves . Yeah , well , I don 't know how many moves it 's gonna take , but this game is only gonna end now with Marcus Ayers dead . Domino number one . How 'd you come up with that ? I just kind of worked my way backwards , like I could see it . Similar , but not the same . There 's no prints , no trace particles . It 's com--completely clean . They 're no help . Everyone saw something different , none of it useful . So all this , and we 're at a dead end . Not quite , bill . I found this . Marcus is obsessed with chess . Yes . I think Marcus ' killing of Dr. Singh is his latest move . Assuming Singh was the Rook , who do you think is the Black King ? Pollen- - there 's lots of pollen . Stargazer lilies--that 's where the pollen came from . Okay , well , he could 've picked that up anywhere , right ? Hotels , restaurants , flower shops . Gary ! I need you to do a search . I can 't search any better than anyone else , Bill . I 'm not Google guy . I know , but you are camera guy , right ? - Yeah . - Right . So I need you to search cameras , security cameras all over Manhattan . Yeah , I can do that , but which cameras , Bill ? What am I looking for ? Specificity . You 're looking for stargazer lilies . - Stargazer lilies . - It 's a flower . You got it ? - Stargazer lilies . - Yes , yes . Thank you . Why don 't you tell me what happened in that apartment ? Gas mains blow up all the time . It was an accident . You don 't believe in accidents , Marcus . Ugh . I know you 're mad at me , but did you have to take it out on the coffee ? We 're not here to talk about coffee . I don 't understand why you 're so upset , okay ? You 're my doctor . You 're supposed to take my side . Two of your roommates are in the hospital with second - and third-degree burns . Look , I 'm sorry the building burned down , okay ? It was a nice place , and it was rent-controlled . It 's not like anyone died , okay ? No one was going to die ... Unless I wanted them to . Marcus ... I can 't follow ... - Marcus ... - The cause . I think you need more help than I 'm able to give you . What did you do ? I 'm going to send you to a place where you can get the care you need . Now , Marcus , this is Nathan Cley , okay ? He 's the gentleman who 's going to bring you there . That 's mistake number one . - What ? - You cannot get sentimental . That man is a killer . He was a patient first , Bill , my patient . I keep wondering what I could 've done differently . If I had known then what I know now , I ... You know , I might 've been able to prevent all this . Doc , Doc , don 't go there . You know how many times I hear that , how many times I hear mothers say , " I can 't believe my son did this terrible thing , " or , " I was his teacher- - I should 've known better " ? Let me tell you , what you 're doing is exactly what every good person does when somebody that they know that they 're close to does something bad . Now , the fact of the matter is Marcus was probably born broken . Nobody is born broken , Bill . Life just conspires . I encouraged him . I actually helped him perfect his ability . I might as well have put the gun in his hand . And now we 're gonna stop him . Search parameters . Bill , Bill , you have to be more specific- - not all the stargazer lilies , not all of Manhattan , just the important parts . - Okay , okay . - Stargazer lil- - All right , what are the important parts ? The parts involved in the case . Stargazer lily locations are set " A. " Places and people involved in the case are set " B. " We 're looking for the intersection ... - So , Gary- - - The overlap . Okay , so did you find anything ? Yeah , Bill , it 's what I do . Office tower near the federal building . Dr. Rosen , I- - Here . Stargazer lilies in the lobby , Cley and his team working out of a temporary location upstairs . Yeah , a chess piece sitting next to a whole table full of flowers . Smell nice , if you like that kind of thing . Marcus was right there , and I 'm guessing he still is . So you 're saying I 'm the Black King . I like that . He 's coming after me , let him come . This isn 't a game , Nathan , chess or otherwise . I know that ... better than you . From now on , call me " Your highness . " Let 's wrap this up . I 'm waiting ! Cley- - unbelievable . The guy 's got a pair of brass ones . I 'll give it to him . He chose his ground well- - open space , no moving objects . There 's not a lot for Marcus to work with . The area 's been cleared , but Cley 's got snipers on the roof . This isn 't going to work . Cley 's ambush- - Marcus would 've seen this coming a mile away . It 's too logical a countermove on our part . You sure about that , Doc ? You ask me , Cley makes a pretty tempting target out there . He 's not gonna just walk into a trap . It 's up to us to find out what his next move 's gonna be . Rachel , you 're gonna come with me . Nina , you 're gonna stay with Hicks . Fan out , move very slowly and carefully . If you see or hear anything , call us . Let 's go . I need your eyes . Lee . So this is how we deal with Alphas ? Nina . When things go wrong , we assassinate them ? Marcus brought this upon himself . He did kill someone . Snipers on the roof ? That 's not what I signed up for . Trouble ? Understandable concerns . Come on , guys . - What are they trying to do ? - Boxing him in . Oh , maybe Rosen 's right . Maybe he 's playing us . Hey ! Hey ! Stop ! Freeze ! Okay . Come on , Rachel , what do you hear ? I 'm scanning . Let me concentrate . Okay . I smell something . Gas- - there 's gas in the sewer . Aah ! Aah ! Are you okay ? Yeah . Checkmate . Son of a bitch . Marcus , why are you doing this ? If I 'm your target , you could 've taken me anytime . I have something to show you . Drive . Gary . Yes , Gary , I know it 's late . Listen , I need you to track a black SUV , government plates . They just left the federal building a few minutes ago . Okay , I can see them . Yeah , they 're--they 're headed north on Henry Hudson , and he 's going very fast . It 's illegal to go that fast . Yeah , well , if you think that 's illegal , you watch this . Stay on them- - close , but not too close . Get after them . Marcus , wait a minute . Don 't do this . Marcus , please , don 't do this . No ! We 're 50 meters up . It takes a little over three seconds to fall that far . That means a body would hit bottom going something , like , 70 miles an hour . If you 're trying to scare me , Marcus , you 're doing an excellent job of it . You have every reason to be afraid . We all do ... No matter what side you 're on . There are no sides here , Marcus . But you have broken the law . You have hurt people . What--what have you always said ? Cause and effect . And now this is where we find ourselves because of that . It 's not that simple . What they plan to do to me ... What they plan to do for all the Alphas at Binghamton- - that 's got nothing to do with the law or medicine ... or common decency . That does not justify murder . It 's not murder . Singh was a casualty of war . War ? I see what 's coming ... 20 moves ahead . I thought that you could , too , that--that you had to be a part of it , but now I realize you didn 't see it coming . You don 't ... You don 't see anything . I 'm trying , Marcus . Believe me , I 'm trying . All units , looks like they 're heading into Inwood Hill Park . It 's an out-of-context problem . - What ? - Out-of-context problem- - that 's what the Alphas are . No one saw us coming , so the response is instinctual- - panicked , violent . Yes , but it doesn 't always have to end in violence . The Alpha phenomenon- - it 's an opportunity for us , for all us , for you . It 's your gift . - My gift ? - Yes . My gift got me locked up for six years . Terrified Singh so much , he was willing to cut my head open to pull it out . He wanted to turn me into nothing ! He wanted to turn all of us into nothing ! He was afraid of us . And maybe he was right . Marcus , you are a much better person than what you are doing . I miss that ... And your belief that somehow trajectories can be altered , even once the dominoes have started to fall . They can . They can . You can always change . No . You 're wrong . It 's too late for me . My path is locked in . No . No . The sides are only gonna get more rigid , more predictable , but you- - you 're the variable , the part I could never see . You still have one move left to make- - the only thing that might get you to this rosy future you cling to . And w-what move is that ? Kick over the chessboard . Good job , Gary . We found them . Right on time . - No , Marcus- - - They need to see this . Ayers ! Bill ! No ! It 's not necessary ! Please , put your gun down . This is all playing out the way it 's supposed to- - you and me standing here . This is the best possible outcome . If I 'm wrong ... They 'll take me alive . Nathan , no ! Still no sign of the body . In his debriefing , Cley swore he hit Marcus square in the chest . So I guess chances are his body got taken up with the current , which means it may take weeks to find it . Or we may never find it at all , right ? And then there 's that . Agent Sullivan , have you ever heard of the phrase " Out-of-context problem " ? Like the Spanish and the Aztecs . The Aztecs were able to handle anything their world threw at them until the Spanish showed up . Yes , and- - and destroyed them . Um , see , Marcus said that , that Alphas might be our out-of-context problem . Do you agree ? I think it would be a mistake to get into that kind of thinking- - us versus them . It should be us and them . That 's the only option . Let 's hope you 're right . It 's been 18 hours . You want to call it ? Nope . Keep looking . Yes , sir . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
