 ♪ ♪ So there it is , people . Due to budget cutbacks , we will no longer be offering free squid guts in the kitchen . ( Sobbing ) Oh , boo-hoo . Everyone , look at my latest invention ! Okay . I like how it 's not killing us so far . It takes any object and makes two smaller copies . Ooh ! All right ! Why ? You see , as I age , I 've been shrinking and feeling colder . So I now need twice as many sweaters , in a smaller size . First I scan the old sweater . Then we add some matter . Any old useless matter will do . ( Buzzing ) Now the matter prism reorganizes the raw material into two smaller copies . ( Bell dings ) So that 's where baby sweaters come from . ( Theme music plays on tv ) Narrator : Enclosed as a pdf attachment : A picture of yourself , in a boat , on a river . It 's a river that flows in two directions . Make that three . It 's a magic river , that 's how . And it 's flowing down the eerie canal to ... The scary door . That 's " eerie " with two e 's . Consider , if you have the energy , Dr. Daniel zenus , an inventor with a terminal case of " the lazies . " This robot will do everything for me . Robot , activate yourself and do my research . ( Whirring , footfalls crashing ) Ah ... Next , assume my social obligations . ( Footfalls crashing ) ( Ticking ) Dr. zenus , for a lifetime of scientific achievement , we present this award to ... Your robot . Daddy , I love you . ( Sobbing ) If only I 'd programmed the robot to be more careful what I wished for . Robot , experience this tragic irony for me . No ! Ah ... Ah ... Man , I wish we had a robot to do stuff . I know , right ? ( Door opens ) Bender , thank God I found you in time . I need someone in the lab immediately , to fold my new sweaters . I 'm sorry , do you see a robot in this room named " folder " ? ( Laughing ) Oh , fortunately , I came prepared with a back-up phrasing . Bender , would you mind " bending " my new sweaters ? There 's only two of them . Wait . Oh . You want me to do two things ? Man , I 'd call my lawyer if dialing a phone wasn 't such a hassle . Razza frazza two things . Ooh . Razza frazza duplicator . ( Beeps ) ( Chuckles ) Now for some tasty matter . ( Chomping ) ( Crashing ) ( Chomping ) ( Buzzing , bell dings ) Howdy , fellas . I 'm Bender . Go to hell , old man ! I like your attitude . Let 's party . But first , fold these two sweaters . Both : I 'm sorry , do you see a robot in this room named " folder " ? ( Both laughing ) Damn , you 're cute . ♪ ♪ ( Clattering ) Hi . I 'm Bender . This is my robot Bender , and this is my other robot Bender . Oh , lord . They 're 60 % scale replicas of me , Bender . Does that mean they only do 60 % of the work you do , or that they actually do more work because they 're only 60 % as lazy ? ( Muttering indistinctly ) Shut up . ( Benders laughing ) That 's a good one . Enough good ones , everyone . We have a delivery to an alien space giant . You 'll have to be respectful . This customer is 50 feet tall and sensitive about his appearance . Colossal tooth whitener , mega deodorant , humungous acne cream ... Aw , and one regular-sized condom . All that and a small wiener ? This guy 's got it goin ' on ! ( Benders laughing ) Remember , don 't show any reaction to his appearance . ( Leela screams ) I hope that 's vanishing cream , 'cause that needs to go away . ( Laughing ) Oh , that 's cold-blooded ! Shh . It 's okay . I understand . My unusual appearance makes people nervous . You used humor to defuse the tension . Yep , and there 's still a little more tension . So look out ! ( Bender clears throat ) You so ugly , when trick-or-treaters come to your house , they give you candy . You so ugly , when you go to the bank , they ask you to put on a ski mask ! You so ugly , you cracked the daily mirror . It 's a newspaper ! ( Benders laughing ) I wish it weren 't so , but many of these things are true . Anyhow , you 've lowered my self-esteem a bit more , but I 'm sincerely grateful you came all this way to deliver my fungus chisel . Don 't feel bad , sir . It 's not your fault . You probably just inherited your appearance from your mother . What ? ! No one insults my mama ! ( Shouts ) ( Screaming ) ( Glass shattering ) ( Grunting ) ( All screaming ) Oh , God , shield your eyes ! It 's like Edward James olmos on imax ! ( Grunts ) ( Laughing ) Did you see his face when I said he so ugly ? No , I blacked out , 'cause he so ugly ! ( All laughing ) Hey guys , quit reminiscing and grab me two cigars . One thing each ? Sounds fair . Wait , make that four cigars . Both : You want us to do four things ? ( Beeping ) ( Chomping ) ( Glass shattering ) My manwich ! ( Beeping ) ( All talking indistinctly ) What 's up , shorty ? And that 's the story of how one of me became two , and two became four , making seven total . The end . I just like having the end locker . It 's not like Amy cares about it at all . But no , she won 't trade with me . A rat ! Yes , she is a rat . No , look ! Which way to the tiny hookers ? ( Screams ) A big , fat roach ! What ? I thought I put that away . No , there ! Who are you ? Bender sent me . ♪ ♪ ( All talking indistinctly ) Hey , I know that guy . Scruffy , what is that tiny Bender doing in my soup ? It appears to be giving you the finger , sir . Enjoy . Help me , help me ! I 'm too lazy to escape ! ( Bender belches , laughs ) ( Bender screams ) ( Pings softly ) ( Chomping ) ( Beeping , bell dings ) What ? This place is crawling with you 's ! So there 's more Benders around . As far as I 'm concerned , that 's good news . Professor : Bad news , everyone . Look at this infinite series representing the mass of successive generations of Benders . ( Beeps ) ( Amy and hermes gasping ) Don 't wait for me . It 's non-convergent ! Oh , dip ! Unless we quickly exterminate them , they 'll replicate ad infinitum and consume all the matter on earth . ( All gasp ) According to my calculations , there are 11 generations at the moment . That 's 2,046 total Benders we need to destroy . Wait , does that include me ? ( Shot fires , Bender groans ) ( Groans ) Too bad he didn 't have his own Bible . Just 2,045 more to go . ( Blowing raspberry ) ♪ ♪ ( Sizzling ) ( Beeps ) ( Crunching ) 2,045 . 2,046 ! That 's it . We got ' em all , except for the big one . Wait , this isn 't a real Bender . It 's a talking doll from when Bender had that sitcom about the city robot who moves back to the farm . Doll : Shut your pumpkin , bumpkin . ( Doll plays canned laughter ) All right , so I let one measly Bender get away . How much harm can one infinitely self-reproducing robot do ? Bender ! How could you be so lazy and irresponsible ? ( Snoring ) Hey . What ? Did someone say I 'm great ? ( Groans ) ( All muttering with surprise ) What 's with the grey goo ? Bite my tiny metal ass ! Hey , those jerklings ate my couch . Oh , God ! We 've opened pandora 's fly . They 'll reproduce without limit , consuming all the matter in the world ! Like the kardashians . ( Slurping ) Now they drank my booze ? ! They 've gone too far ! Wait a second . All Benders are powered by alcohol ! Of course . Long before the Benders devour the earth , they 'll deplete the planet 's booze and die off . This is a problem that will solve itself . A problem that solves itself ? That sounds like a job for me , Bender . ( Snoring ) Our top story . All alcohol on earth has mysteriously disappeared . Consequences are minimal , except among the most hardened alcoholics . Linda ? I can no longer face my children ! Crisis averted . Without alcohol , the Benders are dying off . ( Coughing and gasping ) A greater tragedy my eyes have never beheld . Well , into the toilet . ( Coughing ) So sober , so weak . Things really worked out nicely this time . ( Snoring ) ( Snorts and coughs ) This doesn 't taste like old-man water . Professor : Everyone to the situation room ! I was lying here snoozing , dreaming , oddly enough , about bathing in champagne with six of the world 's most distinguished scientists , when suddenly , I realized my bathwater had been transformed into alcohol . Alcohol ? Hoo-wee ! Chug , chug , chug , chug ! Chug , chug , chug , chug , chug ! Mmm . It 's like fine cognac with a hint of aged scrotum . How can this be ? I thought the Benders drank all the alcohol in the world . They did , but then they made more ! You see , once the Benders reached atomic scale , they began directly manipulating water and co2 molecules to make alcohol . ( Belching ) ( Shrieks ) In a matter of hours , there will be no more fresh water on earth . Oh , no ! What will I mix with my scotch ? Hey , you ! ( Laughs ) Good evening . Who are you calling drunk ? You 're not drunk . I 'm drunk . That 's right , Linda . Water is now ... . now booze , and everyone 's tiddy much protally fit-shaced . ( Hiccups ) Turning to sports , the indy 500 was today . There were no survivors . This chair is so comfortable . ( Retching ) ( Laughs ) Classic Amy . You want to see a picture of my boy ? Sure . That 's your penis . That 's my boy . I guess this isn 't ... n-not so bad . As long as we don 't need to use our mental ... Mental ... Minds ? What ? ( Yelling and clamoring ) No , listen . I ... freaking love you . And I don 't throw that word around . I know you don 't . That 's why I love you . Are the pizza muffins ready ? ( Tapping glass ) ( Screaming ) He 's here for revenging , that 's why ! No ! Wait ! I 'm here to apologize . For your looks ? ( Laughs ) Nice one . Well , yes , actually , it is sort of related to that . Can we talk ? Grabbing your spaceship was not okay . I-I lost my cool , and I 'm sorry . In group , I learned that I tend to be a bit ... Repulsive ? ( Laughs ) Sensitive . So now I 'm , like , trying to work on my attitude , and project an air of positivity . You 're projecting an air of something . Phew ! You 're so stinky , you need right guard and left guard . ( Laughs ) I 'll take your hygiene advice to heart . You 're ugly ! ( Cackling ) ( Weapons firing ) Hey ! Ow ! Yo , freak show ! Your face has been declared a weapon of mass disgusting . ( Laughs ) Timeless . Okay , deep breath , deep breath . ( Inhales and exhales deeply ) ( Weapons firing ) ( Touch tones sounding ) Dr. lesterman ? ( Clears throat ) I 'm sorry to bother you , but I think I 'm close to a temper-control incident . Woman ( Recorded ) : You have reached the office of Dr. Judy lesterman and Dr. ira rothkiss . The office is now closed . If this is a pharmacy calling ... ( Yelling ) That 's it ! I promised myself I wouldn 't do this , but I ... ( Grunting ) I will destroy you all ! I won 't stop until your whole planet is as ugly as you perceive me to be ! That will take a very long time . ( Laughing ) Okay . Stop ! Stop ! ( Grunting , people yelling ) ( Crying ) Stupid ... ( Muttering ) Ah . Blender , you 're the only one who 's sober . ( Burps ) You got to do something ! Haven 't I done enough already ? Please , stop the monster . Just do that one thing ! Make it zero , and you got a deal . ( Grunts ) What if I foldeded the Professor 's sweaters for you ? Both of them ? You mean you 'll do two things , and I only have to do one thing ? Yeah . Just save the world . ( Laughs ) Sucker . ( Glass breaking , people screaming ) Legion of Benders , come unto me ! We have one thing to do . Micro Benders : Screw that ! Ah , come on , you lazy jerks ! If we all pitch in , we each only have to do one quintillionth of a thing . Micro Benders ( Sigh ) : All right . Big Bender starts right now . Get a shave , ugly ! Oh . How about some aftershave , dumpy ? ( Grunts ) You big bully ! You ugly nerd , enjoy a nice guggenheim swirly ! ( Spluttering ) ( Gasps ) ( Groaning ) Let this beating be a lesson about never attacking those more handsome than oneself . All I wanted was to apologize to you people . But now I have to kill you . How , by making me look at you ? ( Laughs ) No . By making you look at ... my mama ! ( Yells ) Your mama 's so ugly ! I told you not to talk about my mama ! ( Groans ) ( Grunting ) ( Groaning ) ( Whirring ) Robot God : Walk toward the light , Bender . Bender : Aw , man , do I have to walk ? No ! ( Cackling ) Huh ? Huh ? No ! At last ... I 'm beautiful ! Bender : Yeah , if you 're into gray dust . ( Cheering shouts ) ( Slurred ) : Bender , you di ' it ! No , we di ' it . Ladies and gentlemen , if together we were able to defeat this giant space monster , think how also we might defeat the monsters of poverty and disease and unliteracy . In this spirit , I ask my fellow Benders to join me in working diligently to ... Boo ! ( Grumbling ) Go to hell ! Come on , let 's go someplace where we don 't have to do one quintillionth of a thing all the time . Well , that was dumb . ( All groaning ) Man , were we drunk . What happened , Professor ? Something absolutely incredible ! The sweaters got folded ! ( All gasping ) But how ? I didn 't do it . Bender , did you learn a lesson about not being lazy while the rest of us were bombed out of our gourds ? Maybe I did , Fry . Maybe I did . Or maybe I rescued one last mini-Bender to fold stupid , ugly sweaters while I laughed at him . ( Laughing ) I guess we 'll never know . ( Inhales and exhales )
