 Previously on Warehouse 13 ... Artie says that H.G. Wells is actually ... A woman . I was apprenticed at Warehouse 12 . Then who is H.G. Wells ? My brother Charles was the writer . I supplied the ideas . My machine allows your mind to inhabit the body of someone in the past . [ Power surge ] - We 're in 1961 . - Uh-huh . - Check it out , we 're ... - Jack and Rebecca . [ Horse whinnies ] Oh , I do beg your pardon . Best mind where you 're walking , gov 'ner . Morning light can play tricks on you . Yes , yes , yes . Mustn 't be late . [ Dog barking ] Oh . Weren 't we supposed to meet at the Observatory ? Your note said you found the perfect source of- - I say , what the devil is ... [ Woman screams ] Police ! There you are , Mr. Blue-Winged Warbler . Doug Varley , you 've done it again . Get to check you off my life list . [ Cow moos ] [ Crow cawing ] Oh . Mmm . Would you like some whipped cream for your pie ? Oh , naughty , naughty . [ Both chuckle ] Mmm . What ? The power 's out , and the banana cream pie goes bad . I didn 't eat the crust , just the healthy part . You got to ride in the Cherry Picker ! Well , I was investigating . So did you find out anything here , you know , other than what warm lemon meringue tastes like ? Oh , actually , Pammy said that just before the power went out , she heard kind of like a horn sound . But I still don 't see how it matters . It was just lightning . Is this gonna hold up us getting our power back on ? Uh , no , no . They should have it back up and running soon . Okay , it wasn 't just lightning . The body was completely disintegrated . Right , and took half the billboard with it . What was weird is that the edge of the billboard was worn , almost like it was in a sandstorm . Okay , so something sand-related . Um ... Sands of Iwo Jima . Annette Funicello 's beach ball . I have an idea , but you 're not gonna like it . Frankie Avalon ? Why don 't you trust me ? It 's the kind of thing we should have agreed upon first . Each of us should have veto power . Artie will agree with me , right , Artie ? One , I have veto power over both of you . And two , the Regents have already decided to allow it , so let it go . They said that we can do it ? It is done . [ Orb humming ] You 're right , Myka ... I do know what this is . ♪ Warehouse 13 3x05 ♪ 3 ... 2 ... 1 Original Air Date on August 8 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = [ Chuckles ] I must have started drinking again because the woman who tried to activate a supervolcano with a giant fork is standing here , and you 're all acting like it 's a potluck . No . No , no , no , no . Pete , H.G. ' s not really here . She 's a hologram . That thing on Artie 's desk is projecting her . Couldn 't hurt a fly . Pretty snazzy , if you ask me . I mean , if she wasn 't a volcano-causing super villain , like you said . Look , when H.G. first showed up , I read her files from Warehouse 12 . I remember a case with the same details . You have my word , Pete . My only intention is to help . Oh , ' cause your word means so much around here . I 'm quite glad to see you here , Myka . I 'd like to think I had something to do with that . [ Chuckles ] Yeah , no ego there . You know , it 's a shame Jinksy isn 't here to see the freak show . Oh , is there a new recruit ? He 's on personal leave in- - hands off ! Oh , I don 't know if you 've heard . I can 't actually touch anything in my current holographic state . How is your shoulder feeling , by the way ? Like you shot it . - Technically , you did that . - Yeah . Moving on . Like it or not , we 're gonna have to use her help . The billboard worker is not the first death . Yeah , day before yesterday , a painter disappeared from the top of the Fort Pitt Bridge . The police thought he fell into the river- - They 're not gonna find his body . The witnesses heard exactly the same noise as that waitress . Did you check the traffic cams ? The bridge was out , and we 've tried to find links between the victims , locations , witnesses--we got nothing . People are dying , Pete . We need to know what she knows . All right , so here are the rules . You get to enjoy this change of scenery exactly as long as you are helping us . The second that that is over , you go back to your ... - Limbo prison ? - Mm-hmm . Understood . Tell us what you know . Righty-o , then . It was 1893 . Christina had been gone for nearly two years by now . [ Laughter in background ] Once again , my brother was basking in my glory . Oh , you 're wonderful , Mr. Wells . Oh , you 're too kind . My stories are but the simple musings of a humble man cursed with too much imagination ... [ Laughter ] And terribly good looks . [ Laughter ] Helen . Your brother , he 's as charming as he is brilliant . I couldn 't agree more . Where does he get his ideas ? Actually , from me , of course . [ Laughter ] Helena ! People never believe what you 're capable of . Do they , Helena ? Well , I know you were surprised . H.G. ! Mr. Wolcott . Um , Miss Wells , Mr. Crowley , I came straight away . A curiosity has surfaced . Wait . A curiosity ? A ping , darling . Oh , I like that . Continuing . It regards the stolen artifact . Then we must go at once . Two agents have already died on this one . I should accompany you instead of Wolcott . I have more experience in the field . Nonsense . Wooly and I will be fine . Besides , if we spend too much time together , Vincent , people will talk . I 'm dreadfully sorry , everybody , but it appears I shall have to leave you in the hands of my captivating co-host . Well , I shall be more than delighted to entertain the ladies . Mr. Wells , do tell us about your next story . Yes , Charles , do tell . Oh , well , I 'm afraid you 'll just have to wait . No , really , I insist . Ladies , you must make him tell you . They 're the work of a genius . - Yeah . - Come , Wooly . You can fill me in while I change . Change clothes ? This way . No dawdling . [ Indistinct chatter ] Details , please . What and when ? Um , strange dust , same as we found when the agents were murdered . Bobby discovered it this morning . He heard the tone as well . Location ? Duncan , off Piccadilly . That 's rather public . Our adversary has become quite bold . Something wrong ? No . No matter . I asked the Bobby to , um- - what 's that term you use ? Preserve the scene , knowing how much you like to examine every detail . Come , Mr. Wolcott . In the words of my good friend Mr. Doyle , the game 's afoot . [ Indistinct chatter ] Thank you , constable . It 's ours all right . Have a look . I 'll take your word for it . Um , are you sure you should be touching that ? How else do you imagine I can determine its origins ? What do you make of it ? A passerby saw something he oughtn 't ? Or perhaps the thief just wanted to test the power of the horn . No . But I 'm beginning to see a modus operandi . The agents from whom the artifact was stolen were ambushed . He knew where they 'd be and when . This attack was the same . Only this time it will be his undoing . You speak quite confidently . Because I am quite confident . Before you boast that the culprit is undone , might you have to identify the victim first ? I already have . A notebook page filled with columns of dates and times . Schedule . This street is a direct path from the Royal Astronomical Society to the London Observatory . The numbers , astronomical observations . Our victim was an astronomer . Sir James Eddington to be exact . He and I were engaged in a project of sorts . Brilliant man . Sadly his wife never appreciated him . Really , H.G. , is there not a man in London whom you haven 't charmed ? Oscar Wilde . And not for lack of trying . How can you be certain it 's Eddington ? Acetone . Excessive ketones in the blood . Sir Eddington was diabetic . We 're mere hours behind our thief , Wolcott . Eddington was on his way to the observatory . Our man with the horn was out to stop him . Horn . The horn , the horn . Horn . It 's not- - is the horn you 're talking about this , this horn ? Joshua 's Trumpet ? As in Joshua who brought down the walls of Jericho ? An ancient ram 's horn that emits a blast of such power ... The noise ? That it pulverizes anything in its path . The fall of Jericho was real . The horn inspired the legend of how . You 've seen it ? Over 100 years ago , yes . Well , someone in Pittsburgh has this now , and people are gonna keep dying until we find it . The blast resonates at a molecular level . How far away can this horn be and still blast someone ? Pete , H.G. ' s dealt with it before . Don 't act like she 's not even here . You just told me she isn 't , which is fine by me . We don 't need her . We can find this ourselves . Artie ? There 's something else that 's familiar about this , and it 's not Joshua 's Trumpet . It 's something else . I 'm sorry , I just gotta figure out what- - what it is , and I 'm not sure . Okay , all right , well , well , Pete asked a good question . You know , if these things aren 't drive-bys , maybe the blasts are coming from a common location . You know , hey , give me a range . I can triangulate . 15 , 20 meters at most . Oh , well , hey , then this isn 't even the same artifact , 'cause no one was close to the guy on the billboard . Well , what if it was modified so it could work from a longer distance ? Let her help . I mean , she 's the only one of us who 's seen it . Yeah , 100 years ago . And she 's not one of us . Even if it is the horn , I 'm afraid I might not be able to help . Why not ? Who had it last ? That 's the thing , no one did . What on earth ? Not earth . The heavens . A spacecraft carrying men to the stars . Incredible . Who could have dreamed of such a thing ? Really , Wooly , will you never know me ? Here , Wooly , hold this . Sir Eddington and I were in the process of finding a power source . And it appears someone has decided that the horn would fit the bill . Tell me , Wooly , do you know why a woman keeps her diary facing down ? What ? Why ? It discourages prying eyes . What does your diary have to do with anything ? It 's where the thief learned about the rocket . Before he hired the two men pointing pistols at us . Oh , hello . Hello . You 're too clever for your own good , Helena . I had hoped that dispatching Eddington would have delayed you long enough for me to finish . Mr. Crowley . This is a turn . What on earth are you doing , Vincent ? You know the dangers of misusing artifacts . Don 't lecture me , Helena . I 'm not your idiot brother . The Empire is on the wane . I 've even heard talk of moving the Warehouse to America . That decision is in the hands of the Regents . It isn 't something you can stop . It 's not something I can allow . England must use the Warehouse to her advantage . Imagine the fear that will strike in all the world when this device comes crashing down in front of the Reichstag . The mere demonstration will secure British dominance for another century . I should never have allowed that glint of madness to appeal to me . Never fails to become a lover 's least attractive trait . I have enjoyed your companionship , Helena . My only regret was deceiving you . Then you have nothing to regret . [ Groaning ] You knew ? When ? When he killed Eddington . I knew then that the culprit was someone close to me . You might have warned me . [ Groans ] He obviously had no intention of killing me , otherwise I 'd be dead already . Oh , how reassuring ... For you . You 've been studying Kenpo . Yeah , well , I 've seen you use it on enough men to fear that you would use it on me one day . No ! I do hope you were flattered by my diary . I do tend to exaggerate a bit though . [ Groans ] [ Air hissing ] Go ! [ Horn blares ] Tell me , Wolcott , why do so many men prove to be so untrustworthy ? Might I suggest that it is you who brings the devil out in them ? Bravo , Wooly . The art of deduction at its very best . After that , it was back to the drawing board . Oh , okay . So you built a rocket in 1893 and , what , saved the world from a century of bad English cooking ? You yourself have used my time machine , but a tube that shoots into the air strains credulity ? Okay , so you changed the trajectory . Where did you aim it ? Straight for the stars , I thought . I 'd hoped it would be the last the world would see of it . So if this thing in Pittsburgh is Joshua 's Trumpet , then what went up eventually came down . Greenbury , Ohio , 1962 . [ Oldies music plays ] ♪ ♪ Billy , I 'm not easy . Of course not , Peg . I was just- - hey , let 's go see it , huh ? Oh . Wait up ! Dad 's gonna ground me for sure . [ Cow moos ] Bill , be careful . Whatever 's back there , it killed Doug Varley . Oh , Doug probably spotted some prehistoric Dodo bird and followed it up to Sandusky . Whoa , Nelly . William Peter Nelson , you take me home right this instant . Oh , Peg , the Coffey Brothers probably built that in their shop for the fair and- - [ horn blares ] [ Screams ] Good , good . That gave it a little more power . Keep trying till I get their attention . [ Horn blares ] Jack and Rebecca saw something that looked like a crashed rocket in 1962 . And you think it was H.G. ' s ? The ' 60s was Sputnik , it was the space race . Could have been any number of secret launches . I never read that Sputnik 7 was equipped with a cow cooker . That sounds like mine . It probably is , except whatever this thing was Jack and Rebecca- - they say it was destroyed . Ah , so inconclusive . All right , you get to Ohio and see if there 's any physical evidence left after all these years . We 've gotta figure out where this thing is shooting from . I 'll search for living witnesses . Yeah , and see if anybody from Greenbury now lives in Pittsburgh . Is H.G. coming with us ? Wait , wait , what ? So you trust her now ? Well , she has nothing to gain anymore . Nothing to gain ? She 's in some woo-woo prison someplace . " Quid pro quo , Clarice . " First she wants a room with a view , next thing she 's eating a guard 's face . - You do know I can hear you . - Okay , stop ! She goes . She has intel . Never been to Ohio . And that 's how you turn her off . All right , you--uh-uh . You take this . And keep going through Jack and Rebecca 's file . If we cannot crack this case in the present , we need all the help we can get from the past . And then the cow was just gone . All right , you drink this down now . [ Knock at door ] Excuse me , is this the Meyer house ? Agents Secord and Saint Clair , Secret Service . We retrieve dangerous objects . We heard you kids saw something ? I don 't know what else to say . It looked like a spaceship , and it ray-gunned a cow . [ Knock at door ] Rose , Peggy , is it true ? Did you see it ? Come on in please , Nora . This is Doug Varley 's wife , and that 's his little boy . You 're from the government , right ? Can you find my Doug ? I 'm sorry , Mrs. Varley , we just don 't know anything yet . I 'm sorry to barge in , but I 'm so worried about Doug . Hey , kiddo . I 'm Rebecca . You got a name ? Daniel . Are you one of the Mercury Seven ? You got a favorite ? John Glenn 's from Ohio . He orbited the earth . Is that what you wanna do someday ? Are you gonna fight the spacemen and get my dad back ? Can I help ? Daniel , go outside and wait . Mrs. Varley , Rebecca and I have seen a lot of strange things . But I 'm pretty sure there are no little green men with ray guns . Tell that to the cow . What ? Reenacting what those kids were doing out here might give us some insight into what they saw . What a line . Jack , I do love you , but ... Given the way things turn out for most warehouse agents , are we sure ? Hell , I 'm sure . Okay , okay . Down , boy , heel . We 'll talk later , if the Martians don 't take us away in their flying saucer . Well , I don 't see any Martians , do you ? No , but I 'll bet I see our artifact . Out there is one seriously lopsided goat . [ Horn blares ] Okay . It 's unstable . How do we bag it without ending up like the cow ? Okay , here 's how it 's gonna go . I 'm gonna disconnect the horn . And me ? You gaze at me lovingly . Brilliant . Looks like it 's sealed with wax . [ Horn blares ] Shall we entertain a plan " B " ? Yeah , run ! [ Blaring continues ] Well , something took a big bite out of Jack and Rebecca 's car in 1962 . Hey , Myks , Jack 's hat . This edge , it has the same markings as the billboard . Which means that whatever did this is also responsible for the deaths in Pittsburgh . Well , Jack and Rebecca said whatever it was it vaporized itself . They brought a whole team out here , searched the farm from top to bottom . Still , they could have been mistaken . Whoa ! Oh , awesome . Check it out , Astounding Tales . Ah , didn 't take Jack as an Astounding Tales kinda guy . Playboy , maybe . Now those are some astounding tales . One of my short stories is in there . Imagine the royalties . Yes , just what the world needs , a rich homicidal maniac . You could buy yourself a secret island lair and hire someone to twirl your moustache . [ Horn blares ] Now how are we supposed to stop that thing ? Won 't know without a closer look . You ready ? Yeah . All right , I think I can hit it with the Tesla . It might melt the wax . I 'm a better shot than you . Hockey pucks . Kiss for good luck ? [ Horn blares ] All right , well , that was plan " Z " . You ? Sometimes a bullet is your best friend . It could destroy the artifact . And live to bag others ? Sounds like a fair swap . Where 's the horn ? Wait a minute . Wait a minute . Hey , Myks . This trench , this could be a crash site , right ? Sure . Bingo . Brass . Looks 1890s-ish , doesn 't it ? Ooh , that 's right , you can 't catch because you 're in scary Regent Prison where you belong . Oh , that joke simply never gets old . This is from my rocket . I 'm certain . [ Farnsworth beeps ] Hey , Claude , okay , listen to me . Joshua 's Trumpet was here in 1962 . And it 's the same artifact that we 're looking for now . Awesome , except it 's not quite the same . You were right about someone in Pittsburgh changing the artifact to make it stronger . They just zapped a helicopter out of the sky from a mile up . A mile ? Myks , this guy could be anywhere . Are you sure that it 's the same horn ? Pilots radioed they heard a strange sound just before they lost control . And then they were both killed . You know what , lady ? You are bad news . Whenever you show up , people die , people disappear . One way or another , everything turns to crap . You can 't seriously be blaming me for these deaths . I 'm in prison . Surprise , surprise . You 're responsible . Pete , you 're being completely unreasonable . Ooh , one of my short stories was in there . The woman ruins everything ! Pete , I 'm back . Look , Myka- - No , I came back . It still doesn 't change the fact that- - [ sighs ] Okay , I 'm sorry . Me too . [ Exhales deeply ] Okay , okay , so how did this horn get from this farm in Ohio in 1962 to Pittsburgh today ? Somebody must have been out here that Jack and Rebecca didn 't know about . No , Claudia checked though . Nobody moved from Greenbury to Pittsburgh . So how do we find them ? Myka , look at this . That 's a kid 's handwriting . Maybe this book isn 't Jack 's . Jack and Rebecca 's file . Remember , there was that little boy who lost his father and he was an astronaut buff . Right , so maybe this is his . He thought they took his dad to outer space . He wanted to come back here to the farm with Jack and Rebecca , right ? So he--he hid in the trunk ? He must have picked up the horn , and that 's how it got to Pittsburgh . [ Farnsworth beeping ] Hey , Claude , see what you can pull up on Daniel Varley . Varley . More power . It needs more power . [ Beeping ] Gliese 581 . Gliese 581 . [ Horn blares ] This time they 're gonna hear me . I love Pittsburgh . They put fries on nachos here . So why didn 't Daniel Varley show up in any of your searches ? As of four months ago , Daniel Varley doesn 't show up in anyone 's searches . Dude has just completely fallen through the cracks . I mean , it 's kinda hard to find someone who lives in Pittsburgh if they 're homeless . Academically beyond brilliant but socially and psychologically not so much . In and out of psych hospitals his whole life . I 'm surprised we never met . Yeah , now , when he was functioning , Varley taught astronomy . He volunteered for SETI . SETI , yeah , that 's where those guys scan the skies looking for intelligent life . What ? I saw Contact . So he 's still obsessed with outer space ? Oh ! Oh . Sorry , guys . Mmm , oh . Oh , my God , sorry . Ugh ! Oh , nobody wants to see that . Sorry . You know what , I 'm just gonna pretend that we own a big dog . Well , we kinda do . Pete . What ? I didn 't want to waste any . Mmm . So--so how do we find Daniel Varley ? All right , now , his last job before he fell off the grid ... Yeah , he was a teacher at West PA Tech . Look for Professor Wilmore . Find him . This was Daniel 's office . No one 's had time to clean it up . Ooh . Looks like somebody won first prize ten years in a row . Dan was always troubled . Didn 't like people near him . Then this personal project eclipsed everything . Myka , these are sky maps , star charts . My dad and I used to do this stuff . These are all about the same star . What 's so important about GL-581 ? Gliese 581 . It 's pretty close to us , around 20 light years . It 's getting a lot of attention because we think it might have planets in the Goldilocks Zone . Goldilocks . Not too hot and not too cold . Just right to support life . The Internet went crazy over the discovery late last year . That 's right when Daniel was getting worse . Daniel thought his dad was abducted by aliens , and now he thinks he 's found them . So he 's gonna shoot the horn at the star ? I mean , what would that accomplish ? Who knows ? If he is , the locations make sense . - Why ? - Check this out . Okay , I took all three spots . The bridge , the utility pole , and the helicopter . Yeah . And I drew lines to where GL-581 was in the sky each time . Oh . All three lines originate from the same spot . The SETI facility where Daniel Varley used to work . - What 's there now ? - Nothing . It was shut down due to cutbacks . [ Computer beeps ] Oh , my . That sounds bad . If this guy shoots at that star again tonight , it 'll cut right through Allegheny Field . In the middle of a ball game . [ Electric pulsing ] - Stay back . - I 'm gonna take the shot . I warned you . Wait , you 're with the agents . Jack and Rebecca . Yeah . Yeah , yeah , Daniel . That 's right . Jack and Rebecca . They were your friends , right ? This won 't work , Daniel . GL-581 is 20 light years away . They 've been here . They can see us . I just want them to know I have their device . No , no , Daniel , you 've already killed four people . What ? No , no . No , I haven 't . Daniel , you 're a smart guy . You 've already seen what the horn can do . If you do this , it 's gonna rip right through Allegheny Field . I don 't believe you . And I don 't care . They need to know that I 'm here , to see me . And now they will . No ! No ! I hacked into the stadium box office . There 's , like , 40,000 fans there tonight , Artie . No , I got it , I got it . Yeah , my contact , he can call for an evacuation , but there 's no way in hell he can clear that many people out of there in that short of time . Come on , guys . [ Fans cheering ] Daniel , a lot of innocent people are gonna die at Allegheny Field tonight . Why would you want that ? I 've waited all my life . These aliens , they took my father from me . Aliens . Myka , do you still have the sphere ? What ? - Turn it on . - What ? Trust me . Oh , is it time to berate me more ? This is Doug Varley 's son Daniel . He wants to know what happened to his father . Helena built the rocket . You 're the alien ? The device is yours ? I built the rocket that carried it here , yes . I 'm sorry about your father , Daniel . He 's gone . I know . And now it 's your turn . Daniel , put the gun down . It worked . I got you to come here . You killed my father , and now I 'm gonna kill you . You want revenge . Daniel , wait , she didn 't kill your father . No , she did . Myka , Pete 's right . His father 's death is my fault . Daniel , I am responsible . But please , you have to listen to me . We 've all lost loved ones unfairly . I lost someone I loved too . For me , it was my daughter . I was so angry , in such pain . I almost hurt a great many people . I didn 't care . Just like you . But it won 't make you feel any better . And it doesn 't bring our loved ones back . But please , you have to help me now . This isn 't the answer . Why did you send it ? Why did he have to die ? Oh , Daniel , it was an accident . A terrible accident . It was my job to keep the horn from hurting anyone , and I failed . And your father and you , you paid for my failure . And for that , I 'm so dreadfully sorry . But no one else needs to die now , do they ? [ Computer beeps ] Great . They 're on their way back , and they got the horn . Whoo-hoo ! Don 't--don 't mess with my chair . - Buzz kill . - No , it is adjusted to the specifications of my body type . I have a slight scoliosis at the lower part of my spine , and it travels down- - Don 't go any lower ! Okay . Listen , very nice job . Just clean up that mess , will you ? Would I get yelled at if I said it was kinda nice having H.G. back ? Just don 't get used to it . Were you really gonna get inside that craft and ride it to the stars ? Eagerly . Well , I might have let Eddington go first . As a scientist . How do you do it ? Do what ? Reconcile your two disparate worlds . Bottling up the unknown in Warehouse 12 so it doesn 't destroy us , whilst with your next breath inventing the latest perils . And all with such a joie de vivre , despite your misfortune . Look to the future , Mr. Wolcott . And I expect great things . We 're at the dawn of a new age . Would you rather it be greeted by the likes of us or men like Mr. Crowley ? I 'd rather it all slow down a bit , catch our breath . Oh , Wooly . Mark my words , the future is going to be a wondrous place . [ Melodic folk music ] ♪ ♪ Charlie thinks that rocket was built by this nutty dame . Can 't say I 'll ever understand what was floating around in her head . Nutty because she 's a powerful woman ahead of her time ? Hey , I don 't judge . Something she did landed her here . Seems like every Warehouse Agent ends up loony , a bad guy , or on a slab . Is that your decision ? It always ends bad , so why get started ? Actually , the opposite . Really ? How 's that figure ? The two of us almost dying out there made me realize : Who knows how long we have ? What might happen on the next case or the one after that ? And that is exactly why we should squeeze every second of happiness we can outta this thing . Carpe diem , huh ? Miss Saint Clair , I like the way you think . ♪ ♪ You should feel quite proud right now . Why is that ? Three teams of agents over more than a century dedicated themselves to this case . But you and Pete are the ones who succeeded . With your help . Hmm . We did make a good team . Didn 't we ? We did . And then you ... I just wish you woulda realized that sooner . So do I. ♪ ♪ Good work out there . ♪ ♪ Good-bye , Helena . [ Sighs ] Let 's go save the world , Lattimer . Whatever you say , sweetheart . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
