 ♪ Two ... two , three ... ♪ ( Gasping ) Run , Leela ! They 're bouncing right at us . ( Angry yelling ) So , anybody hungry ? I could stuff myself . I 'll use that free app that tells what restaurants you 're near . You mean the window ? Yes . ( Horn honking ) I am lrrr , ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8 ! I demand extra dipping sauce ! How many ? I don 't know . Two ? ( Tires squealing ) ( Static ) Welcome to Fishy Joe 's . Today is Stroganoff Thursday . We are currently out of the following menu items . Robotic voice : Stroganoff . ( Static ) May I take your order ? I 'll have the Stroganoff . Okay . Yeah , uh , give me the fried spaghetti-dinner breakfast pocket for lunch , and a big bucket of mixed sodas . One kids ' meal . Got it . Leela : Huh . Buggalo tots ? What exactly are those made out of ? You got a warrant ? I 'll just have something from the lite menu . How about the gardener-lover 's salad ? What kind of cheese filling you want in that ? Ugh ! Just give me the fruit cup . Okeydoke . What kind of cheese filling you want in that ? Oh , God . Fruit is spelled f-r-o-o-t . And it 's got quotation marks around it . Mmm . There 's nothing wrong with a little fast food once or twice a meal . ( Gasping and groaning ) Heart ... at-tack . ( Gulping , gasps ) I 'm fine . ( Cracking ) Oh ! I got a bone in my fruit ! That 's it . From now on , we 're not eating anything unless we know what it is and where it 's from . We 're going to the local farmers market . Aw , mom , do we have to ? ( Lively crowd chatter ) ( Zucchini clucking ) This is what I 'm talking about . See all the dirt and earwigs ? That 's the sign of healthy food . You think that 's healthy , try this . I found it growing at the bottom of my hamper . Mmm , so fresh and musty . It 's what I do . Hello , tiny man . You want sample small-batch Amazonian maple syrup ? Sure . ( Coughing ) Mm . Ah ! That 's the kind of sap I like . You the kind of sap I like . I 'm scare-roused . ( Gasps ) Zuban tobacco ? ! The richest , most obnoxious kind ! Listen , pal , I 'm looking for a versatile smoke , one that 's equally good in a crowded elevator or an audience with the pope . Forget the pope , my friend . Smoke one of these , and God himself will ask to be seated far away from you . Ooh ! Heirloom eggs ? That 's so life-affirming . I 'll bet you run your own hatchery , just you and your wife ... Matilda . No , ma 'am . Matilda and I gather them eggs in the forest . And Matilda 's really more of a mongoose than a wife . You 're a lucky man . But are they way more expensive than regular eggs ? Way more . Ooh ! I 'll take a dozen . ( Yawning ) What ? You 're not my breakfast friends . What are you doing here ? Leela blackmailed us all into eating healthy , organic food . Blackmail ? What does she have on you ? As long as we eat her filthy scrambled eggs , you 'll never find out . They 're not filthy . They 're wholesome , fertile and fresh from the forest floor . There 's some filth . " Fertile " ? What does that mean ? It means it will hatch into a tiny , little , infant creature unless we cook it first . Hey , Leela , hurry up with those scrambled infants . What ? ! That 's horrifying ! Zoidberg , you 're an inhuman monster . What are you , my driver 's license ? Eating a sweet innocent chick before it 's even hatched ? Oh , no , you won 'tn 't ! I refuse to eat an unborn animal . I 'm going to keep this egg safe and warm and secure until it hatches out into the world . And then I 'm going to eat it . ♪ ♪ Should we turn on the TV ? Nah . ( Coughing ) Bender , do you mind ? I 'm roosting . I 'm considering buying a yacht to house my thoroughbreds . How do you expect me to do that without smoking a cigar ? Think of the unborn embryo . That 's what I 'm gonna call the yacht . ( Fry clucks , Bender whimpers ) Hey ! Leggo my eggo , crabbo ! Stop it , Fry . That 's sexual harassment . Yeah , come down off your round , white pulpit . You 're just going to eat that thing anyway . I was , but you can 't sit on something for a week without falling in love with it . Whoever 's in here deserves a chance at life . A chance to blossom into a beautiful young man , like I did as a baby . And so I make this solemn vow . To do everything I can to make sure this wonderful , innocent creature enters this world happy , healthy , and ... All yours , Zoidberg . ( Hissing ) ( All gasping ) Aw , look at the cute little ... Aah ! I was gonna go yachting in those feet ! Relax , you babies . It 's no different from stomping a puppy . ( Leela grunting ) Everyone , stop ! He 's not going to hurt you . I 'm standing in a pool of my own feet . Bender 's right . Kill it before someone names it ! No ! Mr. Peppy just wants to be our friend . Oy . Look , I know he 's ugly , and kind of corrosive , but we can 't murder someone just ' cause he 's hideous and annoying . That 's what we said about Zoidberg , and look where that got us . Amy has a point . Mr. Peppy 's not like Zoidberg . He 's my friend . Aw ... ♪ ♪ ( Liquid trickling ) ( Dog yelps ) ♪ ♪ ( Moaning ) Where to , adulterers ? ( Gasps ) ( Rapid beeping ) Calculon ? ! Then it wasn 't your body they found in the harbor after the bomb went off . What bomb ? ( Explosion , clinking ) It takes more than that to surprise me ... Bender . ( Gasps ) ( Laughs ) What you doing , little buddy ? Uh , yeah , Uncle Bender- - he 's your friend . ( Growling ) ( High-pitched whimpering ) Huh ? Oh , you want to play fetch . Come on , boy , get the ball . ( Laughs ) Dumb jerk . Come on , get the ball . ( Electrical pop , yelling ) ( Yelling , electrical hissing and popping ) ( All gasping ) Sweet freak of Mozambique , that thing 's colossal ! It 's gonna kill us all . It 's so huge . How big does one of those things get ? Well , that depends on what one of those things is . That seems like a fact worth knowing . Good startling news , everyone . I found a description of the creature in this medieval monster manual . Just as I feared . Attack-type J. No ! No ! Yes ! It kills its prey by sucking out the skeleton , leaving nothing but a puddle of flesh . All : Ew ! Hence , the Latin name Bonus Vampirus , or as you non-catholics would say , the Bone Vampire . Dios mio . That 's ridiculous ! Mr. Peppy doesn 't eat bones . I raised him on a simple diet of brussels sprouts and mixed soda . ( Panting , gagging ) At least there 's only one of them . The good news is , they can 't start breeding . The bad news , everyone , is , the beast reproduces asexually . A single bone vampire , left alone with some quiet music and some bone vampire porn , could produce dozens of deadly offspring . That lucky bastard . I say kill it ! But it loves me , and I love it ! Kill them both ! Killing them seems like a hassle . Can 't we just set it free to live with its own kind ? ( Clicks tongue ) Poor , ignorant Leela . The bone vampire is now extinct on its home planet . ( Gasps ) That 's perfect . We can reintroduce it to the wild and repopulate the species . Yeah , let 's do those Leela things . ( Shouts ) Well , buddy , how do you like your new home ? ( Hissing ) See , he 's happy already . That thing doesn 't have emotions , Fry . Its brain is the size of a walnut . So are walnuts , and they 're delicious . I 'll miss you , Mr. Peppy , but you 'll be happier here . ( Voice breaking ) : So go on , go . G-good-bye , Mr. Peppy . Come on , man , don 't do this . Go on now . I mean it , don 't make this any harder than it has to be . It 's time to let go . Ow ! Thanks , Leela , he just needed a little extra push . Come on , Fry , let 's go home and ( Beeping ) Hold up , there 's alcohol around here somewhere . My tanqueraydar is going crazy . ( Beeping rapidly ) Aha ! Thought you could get away from me , huh ? You lose again , you stupid intoxicant . ( Crickets chirping ) ( Indistinct chatter and laughter ) ♪ ♪ We 're not from around here . Hello . Airwhilka maur fleegle bingo drooper snrk ! Excuse me , but we 're guests on your planet . Speak English ! Man : Behave yourselves , gents . Offworlders best be welcome here , especially if we 're trying to get the Olympics . ( All grumbling ) May I buy you a drink ? We don 't get a lot of pretty faces around here . ( Giggles ) Uh , sure , but I 'm driving . I 'll just have the smallest whiskey you 've got . A small aquarium of whiskey for the busty lass . Thanks . I suppose I should know your name if I 'm going to be drinking ten gallons of alcohol with you . Maczongo . Angus Maczongo . Major Angus Maczongo . Handsome Major Angus Maczongo , Esquire . Ooh , handsome and Esquire . I 'm Turanga Leela . My crew and I are from Earth . So what brings you folks here to Doohan 6 ? We just released an endangered animal back into the wild- - a bone vampire . ( Thunder cracks ) No need to thank us . Your shocked stares of gratitude say it all . Dear God , you brought back the bone vampire ? ! The damned things wreaked bloody havoc on our livestock for centuries . Aye , until Maczongo here shot ' em all into extinction , he did . Now we 've got more livestock than we can slaughter . Oh , aye , ' tis a Bonnie time to be an ignorant villager . We kinna have no murdering bone vampires back here . Kill it afore it puts a bun in its own oven and repopulates the bleeding planet . No ! Angus is right . I thought you were named Angus . We 're all named Angus . Please , Mr. Peppy won 't attack your livestock . He 's a vegetarian , and he 's not even preachy about it . Poppycock . Once he gets the smell of bones , there 'll be no stopping him . Tonight , Mr. Peppy must die . Angus , wait , my strictly platonic friend is right . At least wait a few days before you decide to kill it . The last time I hesitated , a bone vampire snicked out me left shin . ( Sloshing ) Please , just a few days . Well , ' twould give us a chance to get to know each other . The beast lives ... for now . Thank you , Angus . All : You 're welcome ! ( Yawns ) I don 't trust that Maczongo . Maybe I should go keep an eye on Mr. Peppy . Don 't worry about Maczongo . He and I are having brunch tomorrow . I 'm thinking of wearing this . It 's nice , but there 's still something I don 't like about that guy . My dad always said you could tell a lot about a man by the rigidity of his shins . ( All snoring ) ( Man screams ) ( All gasp ) What is it ? ( Gasps ) Lang a muir a Gryffindor - Slytherin hufflepuff ! It killed little Angus ! They 're all dead , and their bones are gone . This was no accident . Still think your Mr. Peppy is harmless , Fry ? He wouldn 't do this in our sleep . He would not , could not to a sheep . The deal is off . The beast must die . ( Gun cocks ) Ooh , pimpy . ( Music playing , indistinct chatter ) What are we supposed to do , just sit here and wait for Mr. Peppy to be killed ? Sounds like a plan . Guess I 'll pass the time by lighting up an El Jerko . ( Chirps ) ( Coughs ) Okay , that 's it . I need some air . ( Rustling ) Who 's there ? Hermes , is this one of your zany practical jokes ? ( Screams ) Leela , are you okay ? Did you drink too many aquaria ? Look , the bone vampire . ( Groans ) Mr. Peppy attacked me . Quick , count my bones . There should be 205 . ( Gasps ) Okay , that 's better . Keep ' em coming . I 'm sorry , Fry , but no vegetarian could have done this . I know , and as much as I love Mr. Peppy , I love Leela more . He has to be ... ( Sniffs ) ... Put down . Aw , don 't feel bad . Major Maczongo is an experienced hunter . He 'll blow Mr. Peppy 's head off as painlessly as possible . No , not Maczongo . If anyone is going to kill Mr. Peppy , it should be me . Fry , I know you 're upset right now , but I hope you 'll consider donating the body to science dinner . ( Slurping ) Fry : Here , Mr. Peppy . Mmm , lovely bones . We 've been walking for hours . I hope we can find our way back . Don 't worry , I left a trail of bread crumbs . And I left a trail of cigars . You don 't have to do this , Fry . Mr. Peppy just gave me a little love concussion . Thanks , Leela , but I have no choice . I can 't let my monstrous deboner get anywhere near you . There it is ! Well , this is it . You guys wait here . ( Sniffs ) This is going to kill him more than it does me . Good-bye , boy . I 'll think of you whenever I sit on something round . ( Sniffs ) ( High-pitched yelp ) What 's happening ? Did you kill it ? Maczongo : The bloody idiot bloody shot me . I 'm all bloody bloody ! ( All gasp ) Mr. Peppy , bullets make you talk ? That 's not Mr. Peppy . ( Amy gasps ) Jinkies , he Scooby-Dooed us . Why , Major Maczongo , why ? Oh , it 's been 30 years since last I killed a bone vampire . The villagers dinna idolize me like they used to . You seemed pretty popular at the pub . I work there as a greeter . Your beast was my chance to be a hero again , but the damn thing was a vegetarian , so I slaughtered the sheep myself . But why did you attack me ? So I could impress you by seeking revenge on the creature . Us greeters don 't get a lot of action . On paper it seemed like a win-win situation . Do you realize what this means , Fry ? Your pet 's not dangerous after all . I told you Mr. Peppy 's a lover , not a fighter , like Dwayne " The Rock " " The Tooth Fairy " Johnson . ( All cheering ) ( Slurping ) Hey , what 's that bone-sucking sound ? Fry : It 's Mr. Peppy . I 'd know him anywhere . Huh , so apparently Major Maczongo and Mr. Peppy were each doing about half the sheep-killing . ( Panting ) Why , Mr. Peppy , why ? Ooh , that tickles . ( Giggles ) ( Cries ) Now I really do have to kill you . Wait , don 't shoot . The beast is a godsend . Like I said , we 've more livestock than we can slaughter , but thanks to this ravenous bogle , that 's nae more a problem . Angus is right . The cursed thing even debones ' em , which is perfect for today 's fast-paced , lazy consumer . Dersu uzala yojimbo , rashomon ! The beast must live ! You know what the best part is ? From now on , whenever we 're eating fresh , organic space-meat , we 'll know exactly where it comes from . Fry : One bucket of double-fried , triple-salted , boneless sheep tots , please . What kind of cheese filling you want in that ? All kinds . Eh , make it two , and a small whiskey . Large .
