 Agent Garcia . Yes sir , you must be Dr. Yates . Welcome to the worlds biggest environmental disaster , have you been briefed ? Only that six hours ago the Black Sea ceased to exist . Follow me . The central sea bed was hit by a cluster of deep focus earthquakes ranging from 6 to 7.8 , the quakes lasted 12 minutes opening several crevices up to 60 miles wide and hundreds of miles deep , 133,000 cubic miles of water disappeared into the earth , thankfully we were able to dam the Bosphorus before it affected the global ocean system , it 's hard to believe but this could have been ours . It could also have struck a populated area . True enough , still feels like a nightmare , the environmental and economic aftermath are just , it 's like nothing we 've ever dealt with . " Begins at the Black Sea , " the earth opens wide and drinks deep , " taking back what she has bestowed . " What exactly are you referring to ? Its a prophecy made by Rupert Crane . The famous writer who disappeared ? Yeah that 's him . Agent Garcia I didn 't catch what department you 're with . National Defense . What does this have to do with National Defense ? I 'm sorry I can 't disclose that , Dr. Yates , thank you for your time . Sir , yes . Alright we got major seismic activity a half mile underground . Yes sir , it 's exactly what Crane predicted . [ Loud thunderous sounds ] General I 'm going to have to call you back , we 're experiencing a tremor . Were moving back to base camp until this area stabilizes , let 's pack up . [ Loud thunderous sounds ] Dr. Yates , the sea bed is cracking . People let 's get out of here , let 's go . Leave it let 's go . Now , move ! Come on , move people , let 's go ! [ Loud rumbling sounds ] Garcia get in , let 's go ! Faster . [ Loud rumbling sounds ] Faster ! Damn it ! The cliff , turn . Look out . [ Crash ] Oh god . This is Agent Garcia , lock on to this position and send a chopper ASAP . ( Reporter ) : In breaking news the disaster at the Black Sea continues to get worse , the enormous cracks that swallowed the sea are growing in size and have spread into populated areas , massive evacuations are now taking place within a 200 mile radius of the sea shore , funds and resources from around the globe are flowing into the area , the environmental impact and loss of life is unprecedented . ( Mr. Crane ) : At exactly 10 A.M. I need you to handle this very delicately , follow my instructions and the book is yours . Sure thing Mr. Crane , you have my word . Thank You . It 's a pleasure doing business with you . Goodbye Mr. Lowell . [ Chuckles ] Eric , we need to talk ... get in here . What 's up ? What do you know about this author Rupert Crane ? Self-proclaimed prophet disappeared eight or nine years ago . Ten . Guy 's a modern day Nostradamus , he prophesied 9 / 11 , the Iraq war , a few big disasters , then he vanished after ' Desert Candle ' became a best seller and he made his last publisher rich . Now he wants to publish his next book , guess who he calls . Sidwell Publishing . Crazy huh , right out of the blue . So I want you to go and pick up his completed manuscript . Where does he live ? Well he 's been living off the grid in the mountains of British Columbia . Seriously , and you want me to go pick it up ? Yeah . Well why doesn 't he just email it like any normal person would . You know , for a guy that can see the future you 'd think he 'd have some basic understanding of the present . This guy doesn 't do email , he 's paranoid , he thinks the government 's after him , but believe me this trip 's going to be worth the trouble , you 're leaving early tomorrow morning , you got to be at some diner by 10 : 00 , we already purchased your tickets . I can 't I got a fight tomorrow . Well you 'll just have to cancel . Well why can 't you get somebody else I 'm just a proofreader . Nope has to be you . Ah , listen Sam isn 't there anyone else who can go ? Hey who signs your pay cheques ? This is ridiculous , since when do we do personal pick ups ? Because this was the deal breaker , Crane asked for you by name . I don 't know a Rupert Crane . Yeah well he seems to know you . [ Loud thunderous sounds ] What the hell is that ? I don 't know . [ Loud thunderous sounds ] Woah , you okay ? Yeah , yeah , I think it stopped . That felt like an earthquake . An earthquake in New York ? I bet it 's in Crane 's new manuscript . Hey , everybody okay ? Hey guys , gather around I want to show you something . This is a fragment of an aboriginal calendar wheel marking a cataclysmic disaster that happened 26,000 years ago , It 's referenced in almost every ancient culture . The Mayans link this disaster to an event which we are going through right now , the alignment of our solar system with the galactic equator . I wish I could say that science and technology have done away with doomsday paranoia surrounding these events , but you know , there 's always a few kooks out there . [ Laughter ] Yeah . Sorry guys I 'm just going to have to interrupt for a minute . You 're not going to believe this . What is it ? I 've got Rupert Crane on the line . You 're joking . This would be a pretty obscure , seriously not funny joke if it was . Sounds serious , I think you should take it . Okay . Mr. Crane . ( English accent ) : Miss . Calvin , the alignment of our solar system with the galactic equator may not be as harmless as you think . I was just discussing that how ... how could you know ? There 's a lot I know about you Miss . Calvin . I 'm in desperate need of your knowledge , specifically your main area of studies . Are you writing a book on ancient civilizations ? I 'm referring to the Moai heads , on Easter Island . We need to meet , immediately . Mr. Crane , if this is you , I 'm flattered that you tracked me down but um , but I 'm on a field-trip right no , I have classes , it would have to be next week . It has to be tomorrow , New York will be next . What do you mean next ? The Black Sea was just the beginning Miss . Calvin , I trust you 'll make the right decision and meet with me , we 'll be in touch . Voice recognition analysis confirmed his identity but we only picked up the end of the conversation . When was the recording made ? 2 : 30 p.m. in New York at the Sidwell publishing house . It was short , Crane knew to avoid the usable keywords that would have triggered a full recording . Figures , it turns out to be one slippery son of a gun . You think he 's resurfacing because of his Black Sea prediction ? Well its certainly part of it . We need to handle this very delicately , follow my instructions and the book is yours . Sure thing Mr. Crane . You have my word . Thank You . It 's a pleasure doing business with you . Goodbye Mr. Lowell . We got a trace ? We 're still working on it , the call was rerouted and we couldn 't get a solid lock . Get an agent to shadow Lowell . General , it 's agent Garcia , we got a lead on Rupert Crane . Alright , John , watch your head . Try to keep him out of trouble . Gramps you have to stop doing this you 're going to end up in jail . They confiscated my truck , we need to borrow Andy 's . No gramps , you need to stop going over there and trespassing . It 's our sacred place , oh and bring extra food , blankets , and bring the rifle . The rifle ? Are we hunting ? No , I suspect we 'll need it for protection . Protection from who ? Grandpa you 're not making any sense . We need to follow the vision , Raven . All will be revealed . Great , trust the vision . ( Radio ) : ... Earthquake that hit New York city , reports are coming in ... Hi , this is 1200 Chester Road , right ? Yeah , what can I get for you . Nothing , I 'm fine . People come here to order food . Uh yeah , I 'm sorry , ma 'am , just waiting for somebody . Are you Eric Fox ? Yeah , how did you know that ? I was told you 'd be stopping by right about now . I got an envelope for you . Guy who dropped it off paid me 20 bucks . You 're lucky otherwise I 'd make you order lunch . When did you get this ? Three days ago . I didn 't even know I was coming three days ago . [ Siren wailing ] [ cell ringing ] Hello ? Hello ? Sam it 's Eric . Yeah , Fox is that you ? Hey Sam can you hear me ? Where the hell are you and did you get the manuscript ? Yeah look , I 'm at the address , Crane isn 't here , and he left me this handwritten map . Sam , hold on a second . I can 't hear you . Woah are you feeling that ? Woah we got a bit of a tremor happening . Look I can 't hear a word you 're saying . We are evacuating the building we 've had another earthquake . Sam . Sam can you hear me ? Let me call you back when I get downstairs . Sam ? Sam , are you okay ? Sam , can you hear me ? ! As you all know , we are experiencing major tectonic disturbances , I can now report we 've found a correlation . This is earths solar system in orbit around the galactic equator , just as our earth has an equator so does our solar system and our galaxy . Every 26,000 years , the solar system 's equator aligns with the galactic equator . Up until this morning all research pointed to this being completely harmless . We now know New York and the Black Sea are related to this celestial event . We 're predicting this tectonic activity will increase as we get closer to the galactic equator . Has this report been released ? Only internally . I wish I had more information for you General Slate . But the entire team is working on it and I promise you 'll be briefed as soon as we learn more . Excuse me . Crane would 've seen this coming . Instead of using his psychic power for his country , he hides while New York crumbles and thousands die . Well if we find him do you think he 'll cooperate . He didn 't ten years ago , I doubt that he will now . But if we could get our hands on that unpublished manuscript . [ Cell phone ringing ] We could prepare for what 's coming down the pipe . Give ourselves a fighting chance . Excuse me General , Garcia . What 's his name ? ... Mobilize an extraction team and wait for my orders . We just picked a call from Eric Fox , he 's an employee at the Sidwell Publishing House . He 's going to meet Crane . Where ? Saltwood , British Columbia . You 've reached Sam Lowell with the joke of the day , how many publishers does it take to change a lightbulb , 3 . One to change it , two to hold down the author . Leave your name and number . Sam , it 's Eric , come on buddy you got to call me back I 'm worried about you , I just want to know what the hell 's going on . ( Radio ) : We interrupt this broadcast with breaking news . We have just verified the report of a devastating earthquake striking New York City at 1 : 00 p.m. , EST . Lower Manhattan is completely under water , and scattered reports describe a quake that has cracked the earth along the eastern seaboard of North America Live footage shows building after building crumbling to the ground . Early figures indicate hundreds of thousands of people are dead , with millions more displaced ... Are you listening to the news ? Half of New York is gone . We 're dealing with severe global earthquakes . This isn 't the time to be going into the woods to chat with some hack Nostradamus wannabe . He 's not a hack . He told me this would happen . What if Crane 's a true prophet . What if he 's a crackpot who likes to mind meld with squirrels . Listen Brooke , people become hermits for a reason , nine times out of ten it 's because they 're nuts . He 's not nuts , he said he needed my help , and I believe him . Okay , okay I get it , just keep in touch I want updates . Alright I 'll call you later . Uh , I think that 's called vandalism . I call it fuel , use it to start our campfire . Grandpa are you sure about this ? About what ? About your vision . Told you , it must be followed . Yeah , but is it that important ? Fulfilling this vision is the single most significant act of my life . Important for you as well , you 're part of the vision . Come , I 'll show you . Let 's move , more walk , less talk . Mr. Crane ? It 's Eric Fox from the publishing house . [ Knocks ] Mr. Crane I need to speak with you . Something terrible has happened . [ Knocks ] Mr. Crane ? Mr. Crane it 's Eric Fox , from Sidwell Publishing . [ To himself ] What the hell ? [ Knocks ] Hello ? What 's going on ? Uh , I have no idea . Why isn 't he moving ? He 's dead . Oh my god . Woah , that 's insane okay , I saw you come through the door before you came through . Okay . Who are you ? Look my name 's Eric Fox , I 'm from a publishing house in New York okay , and I just came up here to pick up Crane 's new book . Did you kill him ? No , of course I didn 't kill him . I 'm just trying to make sense of this too . Alright please , relax . Okay , I want your ID . Now ! Oh my god , look , I 'm just going for my wallet , see ? Eric Fox . Who are you ? Brooke Calvin . I 'm an archeology professor . Rupert Crane called me yesterday and he said he needed my help . Are you sure that 's him ? Yeah , that 's him . Oh my god . Yeah I think he 's had some sort of brain aneurysm or seizure or something . What 's wrong with you ? You know , I can 't even put to words . Exactly . I don 't know . Eric and Brooke play the tape now ? You 're Eric . He knew we were going to meet , Camcorder . We should call the police . I think we should play the tape first . No no , we shouldn 't touch anything . It 's not like it 's a murder . No , you tell that to the police . Look , I 'm playing the tape . That 's my calendar wheel and that 's me . You were probably in one of his visions . I apologize to you both , for finding me in such a shocking state and for the task that lies ahead . He knew we 'd find him dead . I burden you both with a very important mission , one that I can 't complete myself . Eric there is no new manuscript , I brought you here to pass on to you an item of utmost importance . This rod that I am holding , has the key to the future . And I 'm giving it to you , it 's your birthright . My birthright ? What the hell is he talking about ? Take , both of you , take the camcorder , and take the rod , and play the rest of the tape when you reach the lake , oh and one more thing , Eric , you need to step on the painted rock . The painted rock ? I suggest you hurry , you 're in great danger . Woah , woah , why would we be in danger ? When a guy who sees the future tells you to run , you ask questions later . I still think we should call the police . Did you not hear what Crane said , we don 't have much time . Okay , little reminder here , that guy is dead and when I came in here , you were acting like you were coming off of some kind of a bad acid trip . Listen to me . When I touched - We gotta trust him , alright . Go . Freeze . Mr. Crane ? Clear , clear ... All clear . Target 's dead . They look like government agents . I think maybe they 're after Crane . Henning , search the Kitchen . Well we should tell them we found him dead . I think it 's a bad idea . You can 't stop me , okay . Brooke , I think these guys are going to start shooting at us . You think ? Based on what ? I don 't know maybe it was a vision . So you 're telling me you can see the future now ? It 's more like a gut feeling on images I saw . Saw where ? Back inside the cabin , for a split second they completely filled my head . Oops . Damn it , I think they heard that . [ Crow cawing ] [ rumbling sounds ] Earthquake , come on , out of here boys . [ Rumbling sounds ] I think it 's over . Brooke we should get out of here . Just a tremor , I 'm going to keep searching for the manuscript . Organize a sweep , maybe Crane 's visitors are close . Yes Sir . What the hell are you doing ? Get down ! I 'm not going anywhere with you . Freeze government agents . The painted rock . Don 't move ! Hands in the air ! Get down . [ Gunfire ] Hold your fire ! [ Gunfire ] Hold Your Fire ! Hunt them down , but stay on you 're toes . This whole area could be rigged with more explosives . Bring them in alive . We need them interviewed and we need that manuscript . Go . Yes Sir . You okay ? No I 'm not okay , they tried to kill us . We just got to keep moving , keep as much distance between them and us as possible . Hey , hey , I don 't even know you , okay ? Crane is dead , and now you 're acting like you 're kind of prophet in rock star jeans . Brooke , look at me , okay . I don 't know what 's going on right now , okay , but what I do know is when I touch this , I saw things before they happened , so whatever Crane was working on , it 's bigger than the both of us and it can affect this entire world , and for some reason , the two of us are part of it . We don 't know that . Brooke he said that we need to work together , right ? As crazy as that sounds , I believe him . Now , whatever I set off back there it 'll only slow them down and we need to keep moving . Henning do you read ? Henning come in . Did you find them ? Sir looks like we 've lost their trail we 're going to need air support . Pull back General Slate is en route . But sir there 's still a chance that they could be . Pull back Henning . I need you here , we 'll get local law enforcement to do a sweep of the surrounding area . The general wants a briefing . Roger that . Alright pull back . I knew it , somehow we 'd find the lake . Okay , well now what . There 's a bag under a small log close by , inside you 'll find everything you need to camp tonight and make your escape in the morning . There 's not much else that I can do to help you other than try to explain . Over the years the rod showed me visions of the future , then a month ago I saw cities being destroyed , oceans disappearing . Tell me he doesn 't mean . He does . I searched for clues but for the first time the rod started to cause weakness , mental deterioration , blackouts , it has taken its toll . Use it sparingly Eric . With each passing day its use becomes more dangerous . Brooke , you must help me make a connection with the Moai heads . Your knowledge will help piece this puzzle together . It appears that tomorrow night , it all comes to an end . You too have a key to stopping it , I know you 'll succeed . The rod is both a blessing and a curse . I ... . I 'm sorry Eric . He 's dying . I don 't believe it . I won 't believe it . There 's now way in hell that the world ends tomorrow night . Well everything he 's saying points to be being true . Well what if his last visions were paranoid delusions ? No they 're not , they 're linked somehow . What are you talking about ? The rod gives Crane his visions of the future , it 's the key to stopping this . Well why give it to you , some guy from a publishing house . I don 't know , something to do with my birthright or something . Just like he said . I wish he was wrong , I just wish he wasn 't predicting every damn step . Ya well right now , every prediction is saving our asses . We got tape , flashlight , compass , some camping gear , a map . A map ? Where does the map go ? 12 Miles south of here he 's got a truck parked . Oh , it 's going to be dark in a couple of hours . Hence the camping gear . Well , let 's go . We 'll get as far as we can before dark . Jenkins send out Fox and Brooke Calvins mug shots , ask for checkpoints up to ten miles . What do we tell them ? Tell them they murdered Rupert Crane . Any sign of the manuscript ? Not yet , Sir . That 's not what I want to hear . Don 't worry sir well find it . Crane should have been working with us saving lives , it doesn 't make sense . It was in his nature not to trust authority . He was one of us once , went AWOL , became paranoid , schizophrenic , sad really , but Crane never had a chance . That 's why he died here in this hell hole , trapped like a rat . For the past two days the world has been torn apart by earthquakes . Do you know how the scientific community explained that ? No sir . They didn 't , lots of theories , no answers . Right now I have more faith in whatever Crane gave to Fox . Find him for me , Garcia . Get me , Eric Fox . This is Garcia , get me Barker . Henning a word . Yes sir . Report . I got a visual on the rod , Fox has it . I 'm authorizing you to complete your mission with extreme prejudice . Understood sir . This is like nothing I 've ever seen . What 's generating the noise , it 's like its got an electrical current going through it but it 's made of carve tennantite . It 's impossible for this to be . Ugh , come on , battery 's dead . How does it work ? You just touch it , but I 'm warning you it 's not very pleasant . I think it 's what killed Crane . Well that 's a pretty grim birthright , some people get trust-funds , and you get a rod that will eventually kill you . Yeah , I was more concerned about what I do next . Do I go to the news and predict what city will crumble . I don 't know . We don 't even know what 's happening out there . God I hate feeling so helpless , I need my computer . What are you doing ? Maybe we 're not so helpless . Eric . Argh ! The rods true purpose has yet to reveal itself . Close that damn thing and get out . [ Gunfire ] Everybody 's gotta die sometime . Ahh , ahh . Are you okay . Eric talk to me . Ahh , I think that computer is a better idea . Your nose is bleeding . [ Out of breath ] The images are starting to get a lot clearer . I saw these stone heads uh , you know , the Easter Island statue faces . Yeah Moai heads . Yeah . I saw something else too Brooke , The Earth , the surface of the earth started to crack and northern Canada was being torn apart . Oh my god . Crane was right . Well what else , what else did you see ? You know , I , do you got a paper or a pen or something ? Yeah , here . There was a bunch of different images but ... it was outside on this flat rock surface , kind of looked like that . Oh , that looks familiar but it 's ... it 's not European cave drawings , it 's North American . I 'm going to make a call . Here you know what , use Crane 's . The government might be listening to yours . [ Cell phone ringing ] Hello ? Dennis it 's Brooke . Brooke did you hear about Italy ? No , what happened ? It just sank into the Mediterranean like Atlantis . Major earthquakes are happening across the globe . Seriously this is getting biblical . Okay Dennis , what I 'm about to ask you to do is the most important assignment of your life , okay ? What are you talking about ? Does this have to do with Crane ? I 'll explain all that later , listen , I need you to research the photo I 'm about to send you , compare it to any North American cave drawings we have on record , Dennis I cannot stress to you how important this is . Alright , alright I 'll do it . Just be warned that my armageddon bag is packed . I 'm serious I 'm thinking about heading to the hills . Okay thanks Dennis , and listen call me as soon as you have something and only use this number , okay ? Got it . [ Car engine starting ] Thank you kindly Mr. Crane . ( News report ) : Well after ten years authorities finally have a break in the disappearance and possible murder of best selling author Rupert Crane . Two suspects are wanted for questioning , Eric Fox and Brooke Calvin . Both are considered armed and dangerous . Holy crap . [ Cell phone ringing ] What have you got ? No matches yet , but you 're all over the news . What ? Why ? Oh it 's not important just that you and some guy named Eric Fox killed Rupert Crane and are armed and dangerous . Dennis he was dead when we found him . What 's going on here , Brooke ? I honestly don 't know myself , but please believe me we did not kill anyone , I just need you to keep working on those cave drawings , okay ? I 'll get back to you later . I don 't like that look . We are officially fugitives , armed and dangerous . [ Chuckles ] Man this is getting better by the second . ( TV NEWS : ) Shocking , unimaginable images from Europe . We 're looking at the first pictures of the Mediterranean Sea where the country of Italy once was . At 6 : 37 local time , a massive 9.7 magnitude earthquake , the largest in recorded history ripped through southern Europe and the Mediterranean swallowing Italy and much of Greece . The quake was felt as far north as London and as far south as the Ivory Coast . Ald has been diverted from the Black Sea region but resources are stretched to the breaking point , International reaction has been stunned silence as the rest of the world holds its collective breath and waits for the next disaster to strike ... I promise you I 'm going to get you out of here . Two fugitives slandering in the bush . I wish I could believe you . He 's back . You going to order this time ? You been watching the news ? Yeah its pretty scary . You 're telling me and the government keeps saying it will eventually stop , do you believe that ? Well maybe they don 't want us to panic . If the world is coming to an end , I want to know . I 've got power . I , throughout the last three weeks , the rod has given me a flood of images that I can 't figure out . I can feel it getting stronger . The visions , well they 're more intense . The imagery is horrific , the destruction unimaginable . We interrupt our regular programming for this emergency broadcast , Mt . Bakers seismic activity indicates an imminent volcanic eruption , communities within a 100 mile radius are advised to evacuate immediately , I repeat , communities within a 100 mile radius are advised to evacuate immediately , Alright you heard her , this is it ! Everyone out ! I see the rod . That means you two . Glowing from the inside . And that will be $ 2.50 . I see beams of light , aligning themselves to the stars . Inside of what ? Beams of light aligning with the stars ? What do you think that means ? Right now I have no idea . Come on , come on , come on ! I don 't know what the clues mean uh , I ... Unplug that damn thing and get out ! Come on we got to get out of here . Go Brooke , go ! I 'm Closed , we 're evacuating . Where are we going ? ! Get out of the car Fox ! He 's got a gun ! Now ! Go , go ! [ Gunfire ] Sir we 're in pursuit right now on highway 12 , two miles east of polkhead junction . I 'm 20 clicks away , Jenkins should intercept at highway A. [ Tires screech ] [ gunfire ] What the hell is going on ? Keep your head down ! [ Gunfire ] Hold on ! What the hell 's going on ? What 's your status ? Just found transportation , Sir , the rest of the team is deceased . The ineptitude is staggering . This operation was suppose to have results . Don 't disappoint me Henning , I 'll keep Garcia busy . Get me that rod . Copy that . Beams of light aligning with the stars . What do you think that means ? It almost sounds like doomsday prophecy . The Mayans had a similar phrase . The stars will alter their accustomed course and avert man 's gaze with light . How do you know all this stuff ? I teach it . Phrases like that are peppered throughout ancient cultures , usually tied to cosmic alignments . Do you think it has anything to do with these Moai heads ? There 's a Rapa Nui prophecy , light will protect us from the path of the universe . Another astronomical event . In 14 hours the Solar System 's equator and the Milky Way 's equator are going to align , but that 's suppose to be a coincidence . Is it ? Crane said that the world is going to end tonight . If that 's the case , we have till midnight . [ Birds cawing ] The wind has shifted . We got to get moving , otherwise we 're going to be sucking up some volcanic ash . My team has been looking for a correlation between the alignment of the galactic equator and these disasters , we kept coming up empty . Then we found this . A massive dark star . A collapsing sun with maximum mass near the edge of our galaxy . Aligning with the galactic equator brings us into the dark stars gravitational field . And where there is maximum mass , there is maximum gravity , so much that light can 't escape . Well how long will it last ? We don 't know , but the gravitational forces will continue to get worst . Peaking tonight sometime around midnight and gradually diminishing over the next three days . At the end of this , the entire surface of the earth will have shifted . Who knows what life will survive . Bingo ! [ Cell phone ringing ] Dennis what did you find ? There 's an ancient Coast Salish settlement just outside of Pipestone . The petroglyph there is almost identical to the drawings . Pipestone , of course . We wanted to do a dig there and we got permission from the band but couldn 't get it from the logging company . Lycar Forest Products . We can be in Pipestone in two hours . I 'll just call you from there . I got to leave the University we 're being evacuated . Evacuated ? Is everything okay ? Yeah the ash from Mount Baker is headed our way . It 's just a precaution . Okay , well good . Listen thanks for sticking with me on this Dennis . Look if everything gets back to normal some day , you and I are going to sit down , have a couple of beers , and you 're going to tell me exactly what this is all about . That 's a promise , and I 'm buying . Take care Brooke . Death toll continues to rise as rescue workers in New York , Italy , and Eastern Europe search feverishly for survivors . But hope fades and ... Excuse me . Brooke Calvin and Dennis Johnson . Can you tell us where to find them . Denis Johnson ? Excuse me ! Why would Crane say it was your birthright . I don 't know . I never really had a home , or didn 't know my parents . I just bounced around foster homes . I just never really had to have a lot of responsibility you know . Like inheriting a rod that tells the future and somehow saving the world . Yeah , no pressure . [ Cell phone ringing ] Dennis ? Feds ID 'd me , I can 't go home . What should I do ? What ? They 're not after you . Oh they 're after me , I 'm pretty sure abetting a fugitive gets more than a slap on the wrist . Uh , Dennis ? You 're breaking up . Brooke I 'm losing you . Brooke ? Damn It . I lost him . Why didn 't you tell me about this place ? Because it wasn 't your time . Young people today don 't want to hear the old stories , they don 't respect what 's sacred , what needs to be protected . Grandpa , just because I don 't have vision , doesn 't mean I don 't respect it . These earthquakes , I 'm scared . You 're probably the only person on the planet who isn 't worried right now . I 'm not worried for myself , I 'm worried for all those people that are going to lose their lives . Haven 't a lot of people died already ? They have , but so far it 's been like a crack in the dam , soon the trickle will become a flood , [ baby crying ] [ screams ] Ahhhhhhhhh ! Anyone ? No , nobody , it 's deserted . How far away to the site ? I can remember , about a half hour hike . You okay ? No . No I 'm not okay . People are dying and look what we 're doing . Yeah , we 're looking for a petroglyph . Yeah , that could somehow save the world which could end in 12 hours . Do you realize how preposterous that sounds ? I do . Look , I promise you that we 're going to get through this and we will see tomorrow . And if you break your promise we 'll have global annihilation . No pressure . Don 't move . Are you Eric Fox ? Really ? Who are you ? What are you doing out here ? Waiting for you . I 'll take you to see my grandfather he 'll explain everything you need to know . Welcome , my name is John . I have something I want to show you . Henning do you read ? Go for Henning . What the hell happened ? Sorry sir I 've been having trouble with my radio . Damn it Henning two hours of radio silence isn 't acceptable . What 's your 20 ? I 'm at the Lycar Mill in Pipestone , I just found the vehicle , looks like they hiked into the woods . Wait for me , I want a coordinated operation . Yes sir . That 's what I saw . My people have never known what this symbol means . I was hoping you had the answer . I wish . Tell me , what do you see when you use the rod ? It 's , it 's a jumble of images , I saw you , I saw that drawing , I saw the Moai Heads , and I saw the earth fracturing and just being torn apart . As a child I was told of the day when the earth and the stars come together and the sky spirit will try to strike us down . That 's almost identical to Rapa Nui in Mayan prophecy . I was also told that when the southern points of the great hound align , the ancient ones will awake from their slumber and push back this spirit of the sky , saving us . What 's the great hound ? The constellation Canis Major , the great hound of Orion . But what are the seven points ? The ancient ones . Great we 're back to square one . Not necessarily let 's just think this through . Okay , um , Canis Major , the seven points , Moai heads , Ahu Akivi . What ? Ahu Akivi , on Easter Island , it 's the site of the seven Moai who stand facing the ocean like sentries . Could there possibly be another set here ? The ancient ones are here . A short vertical line inside the Moai head . It 's the rod . What if the Moai heads are a device designed to prevent the destruction of the universe . What like a global defense mechanism ? Yeah , I mean , maybe the Moai on Easter Island prevented a catastrophe 26,000 years ago , I mean , what if these are meant to prevent one now ? But where are they ? Get down ! [ Gunfire ] [ gunfire ] What do you want ? You have a rod in your possession Fox , give it to me now and we can all walk away , nobody gets hurt . Why the hell does he want the rod ? He 's not going to let us live . You 're a government agent why are you doing this ? I 'm just following orders . Here , give me the rifle . What , I can do this . You 're too young to do what needs to be done . I can do it . Come on Fox , and stop playing around . Let 's just do this face to face . You just tried to shoot me ! I apologize it won 't happen again . Okay ... okay I 'm coming out , No ! Look don 't shoot anybody , okay ? Nobody needs to get hurt . Smart man . One of your friends up there does anything stupid you 're going down first you understand ? You understand ? Yes . Good , that 's close enough . Do you have any idea what this is ? I don 't know and I don 't care . Okay this right here is the key to saving the world . I give this to you , we all die . Toss it over right now . Everybody 's got to die sometime . [ Gunfire ] Ahhhhhh ! Grandpa ! [ Fighting grunts ] Here . Go on . Grandpa . [ Fighting grunts ] Oh crap . You okay ? Yeah . Is he dead ? Yeah . Is he okay ? Never saw that coming . Oh wow that 's going to leave a hell of a bruise . [ Rumbling sounds ] Another earthquake . You must leave this place , take what you have learned and go . I 'll be fine Thank you . You don 't have much time . Let 's go . Go go ! John 's story , the petroglyph , he was tapping into a similar prophecy also shared with the Rapa Nui . He said the ancient ones are sleeping in the earth which means they 're buried but where ? Can 't all be a coincidence . Crane moved up here , John said his people felt its power for generations . So this all area could be radiating energy from seven buried Moai heads right under our feet but how do we find them ? Oh no , Eric . I wouldn 't , don 't touch that . I have to , we need answers . Here goes nothing . Eric ! Yeah . You okay ? You okay ? Oh yeah , you didn 't think you were going to get rid of me that easy did you ? Just breathe , you okay ? [ Coughs ] I saw this opening in this field , I think that 's where the heads are , and I saw a government agent but I think he 's working with us . You sure about that ? Yeah , It 's going to work Brooke . We don 't got much time . Easy , easy . We got company . Lower your weapon or I 'll shoot . That 's him , the agent that 's going to help us . Eric Fox , Brooke Calvin . Agent Garcia National Defense . Where 's agent Henning ? He 's dead . He tried to kill us okay , I had no choice . No , our orders where to retrieve Crane 's manuscript and bring you in alive . Alive ? We 've been shot at for two days . Brooke please . Okay the manuscript does not exist . That 's not possible . Rupert Crane used it as an excuse to give me a rod . It 's how Crane was able to predict the future . That 's what your agent was after . He 's telling the truth , I know it sounds crazy but it 's the key that will stop the earth from being torn apart , and it needs to happen today . You 're going to help us Agent Garcia , I know it . We are running out of time you got to believe me on this , okay ? Just let me explain . Start talking . So there 's no manuscript . And what about this rod that you 've been talking about ? From what I understand it was the source of Crane 's premonitions . Well if it does what you say it does , it could be pretty useful right about now , you need to bring it in . Sorry I can 't do that sir . Excuse me ? I know this is going to sound unbelievable but it could be the key to stopping these disasters . How ? Fox believes that it will turn on some kind of global defense mechanism . Built by whom ? We don 't know , sir . Is it possible that it could lead to more of these rods ? I 'm not sure , maybe . Two days ago this story would have cost you your job . And today ? I got nothing to lose and everything to gain , I 've got to brief the president or I would come myself . What do you need ? What 's splattered on this ? Probably some blood . Wonderful . The rod 's a forged foreign material . And that hum , I 've never seen anything like it . Where did you get this ? It was a gift . Okay with no power source yet emitting a frequency of 12.4 khz . It 's fascinating . Now we scan for the frequency in a hundred mile radius , if your hunch is right and there is anything out there emitting the same vibrations hopefully we 'll get a lock on the location . We 've got an hour left of sunlight . Come one , almost there . Okay we got it , 62 miles due east . That 's close . Right under Crane 's nose . ( Radio ) : As reports of rioting and looting pour in from around the globe , we have confirmed information that the republic of China has been hit by a sinkhole the size of which rivals the Black Sea disaster . It appears there is no place on earth safe from these events . Mind turning that off ? What are you thinking about ? Well we still have a lot to figure out , we 're coming to the end of the world here , and the puzzle still hasn 't been solved . We 're going to solve it , okay we got the rod and now we have the location . Still doesn 't make any sense why Henning went after it . He wouldn 't know what it was . Yeah I don 't think he knew . Then why ? Just think he was following orders . Yeah that 's what 's bugging me , whose orders ? We 're going to have to pull over , wait this one out . [ Ground rumbling ] Uhh , go now ! We got the report on Eric Fox , he was adopted , no record of his birth parents . Convenient . Sir have you heard about Washington ? Yeah I have . How 's the president ? Airborne , all executive commands will now be issued form Air Force 1 . Where 's my helicopter ? It will be here in four minutes sir , your presence has been requested at the Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station . I 'm going to be late , there 's a little side trip I need to make . This is definitely it . Now what ? If we are right there should be seven buried Moai heads right under our feet . Alright , these are infrared imaging tubes operational up to 50 meters deep . We need to create a perimeter . The seven Moai heads of Ahu Akivi look towards the point where the sun sets during the equinox , the length of their platform is 40 feet long but there is no way of knowing how they are laid out here . They should face the Canis Major constellation , we got to start somewhere . Getting anything ? I got something , approximately 4.9 meters high , 1 meter underground . Okay Eric , move yours back 20 feet . Oh , I got another one , Brooke move yours to the left 30 feet . Guys you got to see this . It mirrors Canis Major . This is amazing , they are identical to the ones on Easter Island . The rod should fit in the big star . This should be it . The top of the Moai head . Here , let 's start digging . Guys , take a look at this . What 's that ? I figured out how the Moai heads tie into the Canis Major constellation , now when they align with the galactic equator it will be the closest the dark star comes to us , right when the earth is about to be destroyed . So maybe that 's our cosmic trigger for placing the rod . How much time we got ? I 'm working on it . The buried heads and the Canis Major constellation will align in approximately 20 minutes . Alright , we just got to cut it close . Let 's get moving . I got something . It 's like some kind of stone or metal or something , Look right here , the rod could fit in there . Okay let 's stick the damn rod in . Well we can 't we have to wait for the alignment with the constellation . She 's right we got four minutes left . Give me the rod . Sir , I wasn 't expecting you . Son get up out of there , we need to have a chat . I 'd rather not . I wasn 't asking . Son whatever it is down in that hole it does not need to be activated . If we don 't activate it , we are all going to die . Do you understand that the world is about to end . Your wrong , the gravitational forces working on the earth need to run their course , we 've survived it before , we 'll survive it again . We don 't know that sir . Oh but I do , it 's survival of the fittest now , and in the meantime I will be guiding the world 's elite through the gauntlet with the help of that rod . You 're a lunatic . Oh no , I 'm simply a patriot , I 've known for years about that rod and its ability to predict the future . That rod never belonged to your father and it doesn 't belong to you . My father ? Rupert Crane , he didn 't tell you ? We only have two minutes left . I wouldn 't worry , we have all the time in the world . Give it up son . Give it up son . You just signed our death warrants . I prefer to think of it as a birth certificate for a new America . I can 't allow that sir . Ahhhh ! [ Gunfire ] [ fighting grunts ] And thou shalt take this rod in thine hand where with thou shalt do miraculous signs . Where are my visions ? Here 's one . [ Fighting grunts ] Alignment in 10 seconds ! Eric do it now ! 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , Ahhhhhh ! It 's working . It worked ! I spent so many years studying those heads trying to unlock their mysteries . Now we know their purpose , but the questions . It 's one big cosmic can of worms . Whoever built this did us one hell of a favor . You know you could use this to find out more about our saviors . The next time I use this , it 's going to be to bet on some horses . How are you feeling ? Besides getting shot and finding out that my superior officer is a nut job , I 'm okay . I got a signal . ( Radio ) : This is a worldwide broadcast from the president of the United States . ( President ) : To all the survivors of the human race the worst is over . Yesterday we survived the peak of the gravitational pull that was tearing apart our world , in the next few days earthquakes will gradually diminish . Now for the sake of humanity we must come together and rebuild , this is a worldwide broadcast sent out to any and all survivors , you are not alone . I repeat you are not alone .
