 ♪ Two ... two , three ... ♪ ♪ ♪ ( mechanical whirring ) Mom on deck ! Ten ... ( grunts ) All right , grunts , here 's your pre-mission pep talk . Shoot anyone who doesn 't obey hard enough . But ... Stop gaining knowledge , Hubert . ( grunts ) It 's a simple mission . The grunts catch the alien , the surgeon guts it , and you smuggle the poison parts back here . Uh , something about poison , got it . By the way , that surgeon- - where is he ? You ! Where 's the butcher ? Ma 'am , I don 't know , ma 'am . His duffel bag arrived . ( Zoidberg groans ) ZOIDBERG : It 's not a duffel bag . It 's my apartment ! Hubert , meet John Zoidberg . You need an alien hacked to pieces , he 's the best there is ... in the budget category . Have you ever dissected a yeti before ? ( chortles ) Himalayan or Neptunian ? Tritonian . ( gasps ) A Tritonian yeti ? You two aren 't up to anything unethical , - are you ? - Relax . There 's nothing unethical about covert biological weapons research . I said relax ! ( both gasp ) ( Owls hooting ) Ah , Zoidberg , we 've known each other so long that sometimes I don 't think we even need words to understand each other . What ? Once and for all , Fry , even though it 's the future , most objects are still just objects , not aliens who look like objects . So my efforts to establish diplomatic relations with the Cactus People were doomed from the start . So you 're in pain and have a bunch of needles ? I prescribe acupuncture . Let 's begin . ( Fry screams ) Blood ? ! I mean ... blood . Put it back in me ! I 'm afraid Fry lost a lot of juice . He 's developed Simpson 's Jaundice . Ay carumba . His only hope is some replacement liver . Yours looks like a good match . Well , if it 'll help Fry ... Careful , Leela ! He knows less about human anatomy than I do . And I can 't even find my own uterus . You may feel a slight sawing . And all we need is a little spine supplement to replace what Leela lost in that unavoidable saw mix-up . It wasn 't unavoidable . You just had to stop cutting my spine when I yelled " Stop , you 're cutting my spine ! " FRY : Quit complaining . My body rejected your liver , and now I 've got Garfield Syndrome . Oh , I hate Mondays . Anyhow , Hermes , all Leela needs is one of your vertebrae . But Doctor , will I be able to limbo afterwards ? Could you limbo before ? ( laughing ) Wait . I say , " Yes , " and you say , " I couldn 't limbo before . " You ruined the joke , Hermes . There you go , Leela . Good as new ! Whoa . Whoa ... Oh , sure , Leela 's fine , but my jaundice has progressed to Muppet Gangrene ! It 's not easy being gangrenous . I thought you were only gonna take out one vertebra ! Yeah , but did you ever play Jenga ? Sometimes you pull one and ... ( imitates crashing ) You don 't know what you 're doing ! I want my back back ! ( Shouting ) Hmm . What started out as a pleasant afternoon of drugs and surgery has not gone as planned . But don 't worry , we still have three or four co-workers with plenty of spare parts . My first mission . I 'm so excited . And after I dissect the yeti 's poison glands , we can stop , maybe , for ice cream on the way back ? With shprinkles on ? ( laughing ) Why , you 're just a big kid , aren 't you , Zoidberg ? A very big kid . We 're over the drop zone , gentlemen . Might I suggest you jump out the door and poop yourselves ? ( Men grunting ) ( Zoidberg screaming ) So anyway , I hope the men have been taking their hypermalaria pills . Their wha- - ? Their " wha- - " ? ( laughing ) That 's funny , like a crazy old man . But you know what 's not funny ? Deadly Tritonian hypermalaria . Just be sure to stay out of the methane swamps . ( sniffing ) What smells like methane ? ( people groaning in pain ) My God . I 've never seen such a gruesome shark attack . Especially this far inland . It wasn 't a shark . It was an awful , incompetent doctor . Wow , he must 've been a total Zoidberg . It was Zoidberg . He brutalized us with power tools , gypsy curses and hypnosis . Yes , master . You 'll all get through this . I give you my word as a real doctor . What about me ? What did he do to you ? I don 't know exactly , but ( whispers ) : I 'm incontinent . I 'm truly sorry . I consider myself a reasonable man . Quick with a joke , slow to anger . But Bender can 't go on long car trips anymore , and I say Zoidberg must die . People , please . Let 's not overreact . Death to the crab . How bad is it , Doctor ? Super bad . It 's Tritonian hypermalaria . A lot of these men will be dead within 24 hours . What ? ! Not you , though . You 'll make a complete recovery and go on to marry a supermodel ! ( sighs ) Funny plague , hypermalaria . It can kill immediately , or lie dormant for decades . But sooner or later , it erupts , causing fever , spasms , madness , coma , and finally death . What ? ! Supermodel ! Oh , those poor , doomed bastards . I guess it 's up to me to complete the mission . ( wind howling ) I 'll be in the swamp , blowing the smirk off a toxic yeti . ( cocks gun ) ( shuddering ) Professor , we need to talk , man-to-mob . ( all clamoring ) We 've had it with Zoidberg ! We demand you fire him ! Nonsense . Zoidberg 's a fine physician , for aliens . Your mistake is being humans . No , if I 'm going to fire anyone , it 'll be Scruffy . ( all shouting ) You can 't do that ! Over my dead body ! Don 't you get it , old man ? Thanks to Dr. Scissorhands , I wet myself every time I laugh . ( laughing ) It 's not funny ! Well , I guess it is kind of funny . ( laughing ) Uh-oh . Why are you protecting Zoidberg , Professor ? Do you owe him something ? Is he blackmailing you somehow ? What does he have on you ? Why have you kept him around all these years when he 's so grossly incompetent ? ( sighs ) Long ago , Zoidberg and I entered into a secret arrangement relating to certain extraordinary events too horrible to reveal . So there 's nothing to be curious about . ( rustling ) Stop , or I 'll shoot ! Zoidberg ? You can 't hunt a yeti by yourself , sir . It 's suicidal ! So what ? I 'm going to die of hypermalaria , anyway . I was in the same swamp as the rest of the men . Just because you were in the swamp doesn 't necessarily mean ... I was thirsty from the flight . I drank swamp water . Look , Zoidberg , you 're a loyal friend . " Friend " ? But I 'm doomed . I might as well capture a yeti and die trying . Then you 'll need someone to dissect it , friend . ( roaring ) ( gun whirring ) Go , Johnny ! Go ! That 's an order ! Never ! Zoidberg doesn 't abandon a friend , apparently . Oh . Oh-oh-oh ... ( snarling ) I 'll save us by scaring him off with my crazy war noise . ( makes gurgling noise ) ( growls ) ( screams ) ( cracking ) Crunch all you want . I 'll make more . Oy , I lost another one . ( door opens ) Zoidberg , I 'm sorry to break it to you this way , but we hate you and we never want to see you again . But friends ... We 're not your friends ! We 're your victims ! I was just trying to ... Shut up and give me my kidney back ! ( sniffles ) I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . ( sobbing ) We don 't know why the Professor keeps you around here , and we don 't care . You 're a terrible doctor ! Nobody wants to see you ever again ! Dr. Zoidberg ! I want to see you right now ! The time has come , my friend . We have to talk about our arrangement . Oh , no . No , no . Oh , no , no , no ! Oh , no ! Oh , no ! ( yeti growling ) Unpaw him , you big ape ! I saw this in a Tarzan movie ! It was called ... ( grunts ) Tarzan Versus the Yetis . ( grunts ) I lost my virginity ( grunts ) ... during the film , so I 'm ( grunts ) ... a little fuzzy on the details . ( yeti growling , Professor grunts ) ( Professor shouting ) ( Professor and yeti grunt ) John , are you all right ? You ... you saved my life ! - Oh , fuff . - Yes , fuff . How can I ever repay you ? Do you need a slave ? Or maybe a butler ? No , I haven 't needed a butler since grad school . But I do need a doctor . I don 't want to die like those Marines , John . The fever , the madness . Don 't forget the spasms , coma and death . Oh , I don 't want to go through that . I want you to kill me . All right . Give me the knife . Not now ! Hypermalaria can lie dormant for years . Isn 't that what you said ? It sounds like something I would say . So stay with me until the symptoms start , then put me out of my misery . You must swear ! All right , Hubert , I swear . It 's started , Zoidberg- - the fever , the muscle spasms . I 'm dying . ( coughs ) It 's time for you to keep your promise and kill me . This is very difficult , but I 'll try , friend . ( shrieks ) ( choking ) No , wait , I 'm afraid to die . Ugh , you said you wanted me to kill you . Is this one of those " no means yes " deals ? Yes and no . I do want you to kill me , but I mustn 't see it coming . That would be agony . So you must murder me completely by surprise . As God is my witness , you can count on me . Well , see you tomorrow . Not surprising enough . ♪ ♪ ( shots firing ) Wha ... ? Oh ... ( screams ) My ... heart . ( gags ) Hey . What are you doing there ? Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Stop , you don 't understand . Let 's go , you murderer . Fry , help me lock him up . Hang on , I 'm learning how to do loop-de-loops . Whoa , whoa , whoo ! You 're making a mistake . I was only trying to kill the Professor . ( straining ) ( snipping ) Hubert , I 'm sorry . Huh ? He doesn 't have hair . Great Little Caesar 's ghost . You fools , you stupid , life-prolonging fools . I asked Zoidberg to kill me . Huh ? What ? What you talkin ' ' bout , Professor ? Professor , have you gone mad ? Probably . It 's one of the symptoms of Tritonian hypermalaria . ( gasps ) You mean the incurable disease that causes fever , spasms , insanity ... ( crazed giggle ) ... and finally death ? Yes , and I begged Zoidberg to put me out of my misery . Bring him ... quickly . ( sighs ) Should have known better than to store my antiques in the office . LEELA : Zoidberg , we were wrong . We 're letting you out so you can kill the Professor . ( whooping ) Oh , no , he sand-crabbed out . ( sighs ) Then we have no choice . We 'll have to mercy-kill the Professor ourselves . Well , let 's get started . We have a situation , Mother . This creature tried to sand-crab into the building . Zoidberg ? Sorry I didn 't call first , Carol , but I 'm in a hurry . I need your help to save Hubert . Let him go and stooge the hell out of here . We 're on it . Ow . Ow ! Ow ! Beautiful kids . You must be very proud . John Zoidberg . It 's been a long time . How have you been ? Not too bad . Last year I took a bus trip to the Grand Canyon . Later I 'll show you the pictures . Do you ever regret it , John , leaving me to work for the Professor ? ( sighs ) What do you want me to say ? He saved my life . Oh , big deal . You could have been rich if you 'd stayed . Your own lab , a full staff . But Hubert is my friend . He 's very sick . I can cure him , but I need the thing , the thing from Triton . It 'll cost you , John . How much are you worth now ? I live in a Dumpster . All I have in the world is this coupon for one free session at the tanning salon . Oh , John , that 's really all you have ? Then I 'll take it . ( groaning deliriously ) Okay , Murdolator 's finished . I said I 'd kill him myself , but nobody listens to Bender . We all have to share in the guilt , which is why we 're each going to add one drop of cyanide to the death wheel as it goes by . Commence mercy-killing in three , two , a-yup . Kill-check one is go . ( all gasp ) ( all cheer ) Kill-check two is go . ( Oohing and Aahing ) It 's about time . Vegetables activated . Kill-check three is go . Also , the salad 's ready . ( all cheering ) ZOIDBERG : What the hell are you doing ? TEELA : Zoidberg , we know about your secret agreement . I am so , so sorry for how we treated you . And to make it up to you , we 're killing the Professor for you so he doesn 't die horribly from hypermalaria . He doesn 't have hypermalaria , you idiots . ( animal roar ) He has yeti-ism . ( all gasp ) When he saved my life all those years ago , he was scratched by a yeti . Hmm , I consider myself almost completely ignorant of modern medicine , and I 've never heard of yeti-ism . It mimics the symptoms of hypermalaria exactly , except for the part where instead of dying , you turn into a yeti . Aah . ( whistling ) Wow . Hold him down while I prepare the antidote . Another yeti ? Yes , the same jerk that once noshed on me like a shrimp toast . Now who 's getting his pineal gland extracted ? ( grunts angrily ) Ah , yes , this contains a concentrated form of the yeti neurotoxin . But that 's what gave him yeti-ism in the first place . Won 't it just make him a double-yeti ? Don 't lecture me about alien physiology , Conrad . The pineal neurotoxin neutralizes the adrenal neurotoxin . That 's why yetis don 't drive themselves mad . ( roars furiously ) My God , he 's like some kind of believable Hulk . No time for an injection . ( roaring ) ( grunts angrily ) ( gulps ) ( roars ) ZOIDBERG : I 'll be damned , it did make him a double-yeti . ( roars ) ( whistling stops ) ( growling ) ( groans ) ( all screaming ) It wasn 't supposed to do any of those things . You did it , Johnny . I 'm cured . All right , let 's set it up and try again . There 's one thing I don 't understand , Zoidberg . How did you persuade Mom to give you her precious yeti head ? Did you have to promise anything in return ? Nothing , nothing at all . This calls for a celebration . Come on , everyone , Let ´ s go tanning ! ( All cheer ) ( Groan ) I was going to tan once What do you say , Johnny ? It 's on me . Thank you , Hubert . ( whooping )
