 ♪ Two ... two , three ... ♪ ♪ ♪ Double time , soldier . I want this ice fishing operation up and running by 0800 hours . ( shivers ) It 's too cold , Dad . My teen region is freezing off . ( blows raspberry ) You don 't know what cold is . I once survived an entire week trapped in a Swiss glacier , eating nothing but frozen Neanderthal . To this day I can 't stand the taste of early hominid . ( groans ) Let 's just get inside the shack . - Hold , maggot ! - Ow ! Remember the code of the ice : Thick and blue , tried and true ; thin and crispy , way too risky . Shows what you know . Crispy doesn 't even rhyme with risky . Aah ! Help , I 'm drowning ! ( blubbering ) Don 't worry , son , you 'll freeze before you drown . ( sniffs ) ( exhales ) I love ice fishing . I shouldn 't be out in this cold . I have no protective fat , hair or warm blood . I 'm not even legally a mammal . ( blows raspberry ) You don 't know what cold is . I was frozen for a thousand years . You were ? Huh , learn something dumb every day . ( indistinct chatter ) Live bait . Get your live bait here . ( gasps ) Fresh killed bait . ( chokes ) ( shivers ) Can we get inside the shack ? I 'm wearing a belly parka . If I understand ice fishing , and I 'm pretty sure I don 't , we 'll need to laser-blast a hole in the ice . No , no crazy technology . Here , Bender , use your immense robot strength to drill a hole the old-fashioned way . I don 't see any irony in that . And voilà ! Everybody 's ice fishing . How come nobody 's ice fishing ? Hot cocoa break . Cocoa is for yodeling babies . If you 're sober , it isn 't ice fishing . ( gagging ) ( shudders ) Mom , what 's my temperature ? 50 , 45 , 40 . It 's all over . ( whimpers ) ( crowd cheering on television ) Whoo ! Down at the 35 ! I 'm really sick . Huh ? Oh , sorry . A hundred and nine . We 'll check it again at halftime . You home from school , you traitor ? I fell through the ice . Cut me some slack . Nobody cut me any slack when I broke my spine . Didn 't even take a day off of work . Lot of people depend on you when you sell trampolines door to door . Here 's your homework , you lucky knob . And with a little more luck from my seven-leaf clover , I might get sick enough to miss the whole semester . Hey , give me that . ( both grunting ) No . Give it to me , you faker . No , you 're not getting it . ( squeaking ) Ow , my underbite . MR. FRY : Come on , Yancy , your brother 's sick . You 'll never have a better chance to take him out . Dad . " Nerd Search ' 88 " ? What 's this ? Some stupid science contest for smartwads . NASA 's going to pick one kid 's experiment to launch into space . ( gasps ) I could make a space experiment . I just got a new thing of glitter . I 'm not sure science is your thing , seeing how that chimp at the zoo tricked you out of your allowance . Yeah , well , I 'll show you and Mr. Bananas . Anyway , I 've got nothing better to do while I 'm sick in bed . Wait , that 's it . I 'll make a space experiment about the common cold . Where 's that contest flyer ? You 're holding it , genius . Oh , good . I feel awful , but it was worth it to catch and kill this baby fish . ( sneezes , sighs ) Shmeez , what 's with the shmiffling ? It 's nothing . ( sniffs ) Just a common cold . - Wha ... ? - Common huh ? - What the hell 's a common cold ? - Is it valuable ? Could it be taken from you if you were , say , unconscious ? A common- - a common cold ? ! No , no ... ! Ever since Fry first came to us , I 've lived in mortal terror that this would happen . I never heard you mention that . Oh , I try to act cool , but inside I 'm freaking out . It 's just a cold . ( sneezes ) What 's the big deal ? ( sirens wailing ) This is the police . An unknown pathogen has been detected on these premises . Come out with your hands ... I mean , stay in with your hands up . You are hereby quarantined until such time as it is deemed safe to enter and shoot your asses . ( all gasp ) Now , now , let 's not all panic at once . We 'll have to take shifts . Hermes , you take the first six hours . Very well . ( clears throat ) ( screaming ) Louder , louder ! Right , baby . Look , I just have a common ... ( high-pitched ) : ... cold ! It 'll be gone as fast as I can sneeze , hurl , and squirt it out . No , it won 't . The common cold died out 500 years ago , and subsequently , humanity lost all resistance to its ravages , but the virus survived in you , frozen for a thousand years . Huh , so it was hiding deep down inside of me , like my skeleton bones ? Give it to us straight , Professor . How incredibly deadly is it ? We don 't know . It could kill millions or nobody . I suppose it might even bring a few people back to life . Anything is possible in science . ( sneezes ) Oh , no , I 've got it , too . ( all shudder ) My nose is all gunked up with blork . And I 've got a hankering for a useless remedy created by a schoolteacher . ( all shudder ) Uh-oh , I think I 'm getting swollen glands . ( sickly croaking ) ( all groaning ) Screw the quarantine , I 'm out of here . Initiate containment procedure . ( grunting ) Aah , ow , oh ! Go on now . ( sneezes ) Now I 'm sick . I shudder to think what this cold will do to me . Yesterday I was nearly killed by a tight hat . I 'd be remiss if I didn 't rub your goopy noses in the fact that I 'm immune . ( laughs ) Which is why we 'll all be counting on you and you alone to nurse us through this catastrophe . ( sighs ) Why , God ? Why have I been singled out ? ( coughing and groaning ) Everyone just calm down and make yourself a tissue walrus . Damn it , son , lose the tissues . You 're ruining Thanksgiving dinner . I 'm busy with my space experiment . I can 't devote precious brainpower to blowing my nose . You 're never going to win that science fair , Philip . Face it , someone with your limited brainpower would be lucky to get a job as a pizza delivery boy . Hey , Barack , pizza going out , come on . Man , I have got to go back to law school . ( blows raspberry ) I 'm not going to wind up a loser like that guy . Sure you will . You 're going to lose the science fair , and that 's who 's going to beat you- - Josh Gedgie , boy scientist . Pi over four radians of pizza , please . What is that , about a slice ? More like exactly a slice . ( wheezing laugh ) Game on , Gedgie . ( sneezes ) YANCY : Ew ! I 've had worse . When I was shot down over Korea , I had to eat Kimchi . He was our interpreter . ( chomps loudly ) ( bell jingles ) ( bell continues jingling ) ( Bender snoring ) ( muttering ) ( gasps ) ( bell continues jingling ) Coming . ( jingling ) ( panting ) What now ? Humidifier . ( groans ) Fine . ( bubbling ) ( jingling ) Yes ? ( coughing ) : Where 's that chicken soup we asked for ? ( chicken clucking ) Chicken , water , fire . You take it from there . This is torture- - the fever , the chills , and the sweating- - Amy 's horrible sweating ! ( sneezes ) That 's it . I 'm leaving while I still have my dignity . See you in the obituaries . ( sneaky laugh ) How 's the containment holding up ? Without turning my head , I 'd say 100 % . ( door opens ) Howdy , folks , and may I say nice work keeping those sickos penned up . Put her there . You , too , buddy , and you and you and you and especially you . ( coughing ) That robot was a heck of a nice feller . ( squeaking ) You 'd better stay here during biology . Mrs. Jenkins dissects anything smaller than a fifth-grader . ( gasps , sneezes ) Well , if it isn 't Grandmaster Phlegm . I heard you 're entering the NASA science competition . Maybe I am , LL Fool J. So what 's your project- - the effects of losing on idiots ? No , I 'm gonna infect my guinea pig with the common cold and launch it into space to see if it gets cured by cosmic rays . ( wheezing laugh ) Lame , though the common cold virus does seem like a judge-pleaser . I think I 'll steal that and do an experiment that 's slightly less very stupid . But that 's my idea . You are an evil , evil nerd . Gedgie out . We 'll show him who 's stupid . ( coughs ) ( guinea pig coughs ) ♪ ♪ ( coughing ) Linda ? Borbo , the so-called common cold , introduced by living fossil Philip J. Fry , is spreading out of control . All citizens are advised to wash their hands thoroughly after beating up Philip J. Fry . Phew ! Lucky I 'm safely locked up here with you guys . There he is ! Get him ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Wait ! The situation is expected to deteriorate as newscasters whip the city into a panic . Run ! Run for your lives ! ( screaming and yelling , thudding ) ( chuckling ) And finally , the heartwarming story of a handicapped magician who didn 't know when to give up . ( beeping ) I don 't like the looks of this , Mr. President . Shall I switch it off ? Negative . Rosemary , release the surgeon general . ROSEMARY : Get in there ! Ow ! It 's bright out here . Wernstrom , the quarantine has failed . Give me a worst case scenario . And make it grim . I 've prepared some projections . Should the virus escape Manhattan , this is how far it will spread in 12 hours . This is 24 hours . This is a Verizon coverage map . And in 36 hours , it will have infected the entire planet . Options ? We have only one option . Protocol 62 . Not possible . We don 't have arly enough piranhas . Then protocol 63 it is . ( sirens wailing ) Hooray ! ( coughs ) They 're letting us out ! And hundreds of black hovercopters are coming to welcome us ! ( coughing ) ( panicked yelling ) ( coughing ) They shrink-wrapped the whole city . Well , it could be worse . ( rumbling ) It is worse ! ( pulsating whirring ) ( rhythmic humming and whirring ) ( bell clanging ) ZOIDBERG : Oh ! They 're flying Manhattan into the sun ! They must have been out of piranhas . They 're gonna kill the virus by exposing it to the heat of our burning bodies ! I 'm just glad I have my wool scarf . What good is a wool ... ? ( choking ) ( panting ) Guys ! Guys , you 're never gonna believe this ! We know ! They shmooped up Manhattan and blasted us toward the sun ! They did ? Oh , so that 's why this was unguarded . People of New New York , this is Surgeon General Ogden Wernstrom . Wern ... ( coughing ) ... strom ! No doctor likes hurling his patients into the sun , but since there is no way to make a vaccine for the common cold ... ( Professor grunts ) There is a way to make a vaccine ! There is ? Yay ! Of course , there 's a catch . ( whoops ) Yay ! Yay ! So what 's the catch ? The vaccine requires the original , unmutated 20th-century cold virus , so I need to grind you into a paste . Professor , no ! It 's okay , Leela . This is all my fault sort of . If this will save you , then please , turn me into a virus milkshake . He consented ! You all heard it ! ( whirring ) ♪ ♪ Yes , sir , many of these entries merit a ride in the mighty bosom of our space shuttle . And then there 's your so-called entry . ( sniffles and sneezes ) Geez ! Walk much , Gedgie ? Absurd . You really think your guinea pig can survive in the vacuum of space ? He already survived in the vacuum of my mom . I mean , my mom 's vacuum . My experiment measures the effect of microgravity on the propagation of the common cold virus in an anaerobic environment , i.e. , space . Impressed ? Damn right I am . That 's some dry , emotionless science . Nice job , son . ( sniffling , sneezing ) Hey , wait a second ! I know where you can get some 20th century cold virus without killing me ! Hush , lad . I 'm totally in the zone . We just have to find the Nerd Search ' 88 satellite . Oh ! I don 't know why I even build these things . ( whooshing ) Gunnery Chief Bender , blast us out of quarantine . Aye aye , lady ! ( rhythmic bleeps ) ( ricocheting ) Oh , fiddlepoop ! Our weapons aren 't strong enough to puncture a thin plastic tent that thick . No , but theirs are ! ( beeping ) Captain , a ship is attempting to break the quarantine . Blow them to Bac-O bits with a well-placed warning shot . But ... ( gasps ) ( beep ) Oh ! Oops . We 'll find that cold virus . The Nerd Search satellite was launched on the space shuttle and released into orbit . Hmm . All ancient satellites were swept up as space junk in 2113 . I actually knew that offhand . I 'm Facebooking right now . ( trilling ) Aha ! That satellite was scuttled on Enceladus , Saturn 's main dump moon . Let 's dump it up ! ( beeping ) This is the exact location of the dump , but there 's nothing here . Can we please go home and die now ? I 'm with Bender . Whatever was here has been covered by centuries of ice buildup . No ! It 's under here somewhere ! We just have to bust our way down . Remember the code of the ice . Thin and crispy , way too risky ! ( grunting ) ( whimpering and yelling ) LEELA : I found the satellite ! Let 's just hope the experiment 's still in here . Yes ! We 're saved ! ( microphone feedback ) And now , to present the awards , our very special guest . He walked on the moon , and now he is judging a high school science contest . Truly a man who can and will do anything : Dr. Buzz Aldrin ! ( applause ) Wow . I could have used an introduction like that when I first met the moon men . ( Aldrin laughs ) ( laughter ) But seriously , there are moon men . Okay , this year 's Nerd Search runner-up is a young man who devised a way to add and subtract in zero gravity- - Vijay Patel and his calculator space hat ! ( applause ) ( whooping ) ( whooping ) And now , the grand prize winner whose experiment will be launched into space ... ( drumroll ) Look at that cocky smirk . My money 's on Gedgie . Yeah ? He may have brains , but I have heart . Josh Gedgie ! ( Josh laughs ) I 'll bring the car around . What a well-prepared virus culture . This will make a fine vaccine . Good thing Gedgie won . My dumb experiment wouldn 't have lasted an hour in space , let alone a thousand years . Besides , Buzz Aldrin ran over my guinea pig in the parking lot . Okay . Come on , gang , let 's go inoculate everyone and cram Manhattan back into its rightful hole . This may hurt a little . Ow ! Now I 'll give you the shot . You saved millions of lives , Fry . You should feel proud , no matter what your dad said to you . ( shivering ) You still haven 't thanked me for pulling you out of the lake , soldier . I could have flip-flopped out . I know that . Look , son , I know I give you the business sometimes . But if I 'm hard on you , it 's only ' cause I want you to grow up strong and resilient . Some day , you may face adversities so preposterous , I can 't even conceive of them . But I know you 'll pull through and make me proud . I love you , son . ( sobs ) Now bundle up . I don 't want you getting frozen .
