 ♪ Two ... two , three ... ♪ ♪ ♪ Bucket of hot dogs . Check . Butt massager engaged . ( loud whirring ) Check . Then let the video games begin ! Wait . Hang on . I-I lost my controller . ( scoffs ) There is no controller . The X-Cube tracks your motions with a built-in camera . ( whirring ) Oh , yeah ? Well , track this motion ! ( devious giggling ) ( zapping ) ( grunts ) ♪ ♪ ( gunfire , artillery fire ) Frykowski ! BenderIsGreat34 ! Follow me ! Sounds like fun on a bun ! ( grunts ) ( automatic gunfire ) Hyah ! ( others gasp ) Aw , you guys again ? ( German accent ) : Ach , these dorkeschoens ! Let 's humiliate them with slingshots . ( gunfire ) ( grunting ) Shoot your weapon , Private ! Wait . How do I ... Hold on . ( gunfire , Cubert and Fry grunting in pain ) Oops . Sorry to kill und run , but I really must be Göring . ( all chuckling ) Ah ! ( loud clattering ) ( band playing patriotic music ) ( music distorts and stops ) - Aw ! - Man ! Pwned again ! This is all Bender 's fault . Admit it , your reflexes suck ! Oh , it 's true . My circuitry 's 12 years out of date . I can 't keep up with today 's high-speed , top-of-the-line kids ! You can 't even keep up with me , and I 'm some sort of Stone Age throwback . You know , I might be able to speed up your reflexes by overclocking you . Uh , what 's that , sonny ? You say it 'll put some whoopie in my cushion ? ( electric tool whirring ) This might take a while . I 've got to adjust the memory timing , raise the CPU voltage , and delete 12 terabytes of outdated catchphrases . Sounds like fun on a bun ! FEMININE COMPUTER VOICE : - Deleted . - Aw . Fry , can we talk about our relationship ? Of course . Our relationship is the best thing in my life , so I 'm sure I 'll enjoy talking about it with you . ( groans ) I don 't know . I guess I 'm just feeling uneasy about us being so on-again-off-again . Maybe it 's none of my business , but if it were up to me , we 'd be on all the time . And I mean all the time . But what would that be like ? I mean , if we were together , where would we be ten years from now ? - Still here ? - Definitely . Or ... somewhere else . ( groans ) Maybe I 'm having some kind of ... early-life crisis , but , look , don 't you ever wonder about the future ? Sure , but you 're always in it . Also , sometimes terminators . All right . You should run a lot faster now . Unless you die . Hyah ! ( whirring , beeping ) Ooh , I 'm smart ! I know how to spell " aardvark " ! February is the shortest month ! There 's ... 3,018 jelly beans in that jar ! ( chuckles ) Oh , damn , I 'm good ! I mean 3,018 rat kidneys . ( spits ) Now , then , my man , let 's see if your reflexes are ... BENDER : Faster ! ♪ ♪ ( yells ) Get ' em ! Get ' em ! Get ' em ! Hey , foreign aggressors , vassup ? Oh , we were just eating spaetzle and listening to Kraftwerk ... I-I mean fire ! ( jazz piano plays lively tune ) That tap-dancing decadent jazz-baby is too fast for us ! Let 's see him outrun a V-2 ! ( loud whoosh ) It 's my brains against your Von Braun ! ( slicing , metallic ringing ) ( loud clattering ) Ach ! I could have fired a V8 ! ( loud explosion , men cry out ) ♪ ♪ Those guys normally stink . That 's why we play them exclusively . Those cheaters must have cheated ! Now , Larry , let 's deal with this like mature adults . Mommy ! What is it , you colicky bastards ! We were playing video games , and the other kids didn 't play fair . What ? ! Nobody rips off my kids but me ! ( whirring ) We can find out who they are through their motion-capture camera . It better not be those little Korean girls again . Aha ! Got it ! BENDER : Whoo ! We 're the greatest ! Mostly me ! MOM : Bender Rodriguez ? WALT : But he 's a stock MomCorp bending unit , and he 's 12 years out of date . How could he possibly play that well ? Did you see me ? History came alive , and I killed it ! ( laughs ) If I overclock you some more , maybe we can beat those Korean girls ! Well , well . That nerdburglar overclocked the robot 's processor ! And that voids his warranty . Even an idiot like me knows that . - An idiot like you knows nothing ! - Aah ! What matters is , it violates the license agreement , and that means I 've got him right by his little ... Ding-dong . I 'm saying " ding-dong " 'cause you don 't have a doorbell . Hey , pigs . ( snorts like a pig ) We 're looking for a Cubert J. Farnsworth . You 're porkin ' at him . ( laughs ) You 're under arrest for felony violation of the MomCorp license agreement . ( squealing like a pig ) What 's all this oinking about ? Who called the fuzz ? Sir , who is this boy 's legal guardian ? Your porkin ' at him . ( cackling laughter ) Then the charges apply to you , too . Whuh ? ♪ ♪ Farnsworth ? ! What a lucky break ! After all I I these years , I 've got him ! And legally , too ! Even an idiot like me knows he 'll be ruined . - An idiot like you is correct ! - Aah ! You overclocked Bender ? What did I teach you about tinkering with machinery ? How . You taught me how . I also taught you not to get caught . Oh , I wish I 'd never cloned you . It 's not my fault . I didn 't even know Bender had a license agreement . Neither did I ... oh ... ( groaning ) Bender , as my newest employee , could you bend this drinking straw for me ? Sure , let me just ... Whoa . ( thumping , whirring down ) MOM : First click the license agreement , dearie . I really shouldn 't agree to things I don 't understand , but I 'm slightly thirsty . ( beeps ) Oh , God ! I clicked without reading ! And I slightly modified a thing that I own ! We 're monsters ! ( both sobbing ) ( pen squeaks ) ( beep ) Congratulations , Mother . Can you die happy now ? - Not yet . - Darn . I can 't rest until this bending unit - is restored to factory specs ! - Why not ? If people learn they can overclock their old robots , they won 't buy my new robots ! This will not stand ! ( whirring ) MOM : Hoverfish ! Bring me the clock of Bender Rodriguez . ♪ ♪ ( sighs sadly ) Good news , everyone ! That 's what the professor would say if weren 't in jail facing a life sentence . Guys ! Guys ! I discovered I have an extra processor in my compartment of mystery ! Being overclocked was a start , but once I activate this processor , I 'll be all , like , " You a big dummy , Einstein ! Get a haircut ! " ( whirrs ) ( rebooting music ) Oh , wow ! I can 't believe how stupid I used to be and you still are ! What are all these pagey things ? ( arms whooshing through air ) ( buzzing ) Look out ! You 're overheating ! Yeah , yeah . ( burbling ) Yeah , now I 'm water-cooled . I can stimulate my intellect without further thermodynamical disruption . I miss the old , illiterate Bender . What 's happened to you , mon ? I thought you liked beer and knock-knock jokes . I 'm processing so fast , it 's like I can anticipate that the ceiling fan 's gonna fall and knock Zoidberg unconscious . ( loud clatter ) Wrong , Mr. Genius . Not that ceiling fan . Aah ! In fact , looking ahead , it 's obvious Mom won 't allow me to stay accelerated like this . Hmm ... Who 's up for a turkey dinner and a game of badminton ? Say what ? ( beep ) Uh-oh . He must be overheating again . ( glass shattering ) ( all gasp ) Bending unit , you are ordered to report for factory reset . Okay , sure . But first , this . ( ding ) I hear turkey . ( gobbling ) Hey , hey , hey . Hey . Hey , hey . Hey . ( whirring ) ( Bender giggling ) Ten more processors for me . Once I install these , I 'll have access to the loftiest realms of thought . Anyone have access to a lofty realm of gravy ? I can conceive of gravies that would boggle your tiny mind ! But it 's not safe here , so I 'll need to find a hideout . Hideout ? Bender , are you becoming some kind of supervillain ? ( burbles ) Farewell , monobrains . ♪ ♪ Your Honor , Mom is a poor , frail industrialist with three special sons who require constant neglect . Yet isn 't it true , ladies and gentlemen of the jury , that this boy , this Cubert Farnsworth ... ( trembling , sniffling ) : That 's my name . ... deliberately robbed her blind by improving his own robot ? ! ( sobbing ) It 's true ! He did it ! No further questions for this jury . Before I call a recess for mimosas and horse breeding , can the defense produce the bending unit in question ? ( whispering ) : We don 't know where the hell he is . Your Honor , that is something we cannot a-doodle-doo . Then I 'm holding the defendants in contempt and fining them $ 10,000 a day until they produce the robot . Oh ! At that rate , Planet Express will be bankrupt in ... ( whispering ) ... four fingers . It 's been a good run , people , but this is the end . Wait . I 've got it ! This building 's technically in the theatre district . If we could mount one big musical featuring everyone 's talents , we might just save Planet Express ! We 'll call it Nibbler on the Roof ! ( all cheering ) We 're saved ! ( Leela sighs ) I 've been thinking a lot about moving on with my life , and hearing the words Nibbler on the Roof has given me the kick in the pants I needed . It 's time for me to leave and make a fresh start . Don 't go , Leela , please ! You and me ... we were supposed to ... What ? I don 't know , but some day we 'll find out . Won 't we ? Good-bye , Fry . I don 't know , Randy . I just feel like my life 's falling apart . The Professor 's in jail , and now Leela 's gone forever . Stay strong , Fry . You 're the best friend I have left . And I barely even know you . Have you thought about asking Bender for help ? What are you , Randy , a complete moron ? I 'd love to talk to Bender , but I have no idea where he is . Well , if he 's running on 12 processors , he must be someplace with a lot of power and liquid coolant . Oh , you 're no help at all ! I 'm gonna go kill myself . Wait a second . Power ? Liquid coolant ? That gives me the option of electrocution or drowning . MAN : Barrels here ! Can 't go over the falls without a barrel ! What are my chances of surviving in one of those ? - Slim to none . - I like those odds . Wait . This isn 't a barrel . It 's just a stinking cask ! I want my money back ... ! Ow ! Ow ! Aah ! Aah ! Ow ! Ow ! Ow ! Ooh ! ( grunting ) That was not worth $ 3,000 . ( water running , rhythmic whirring ) Hello ? Anybody ? BENDER : Fry ? ( whimpers ) Bender ? Are you in here ? In here is the only place I 'm not ! ( laughing ) I amuse myself . Bender , what happened to you ? I 'll try to put it in terms you can comprehend . I passed the existential singularity . Try harder ! I hacked myself inside-out , and now the entire universe is my processor . FRY : Whoa ! I definitely want to hear about that , but first , I need your help . The Professor and Cubert are in trouble , and Leela left me . I 'm in misery ! I 've grown far beyond the petty concerns of your world . Every time I burp , a new galaxy is born . ( burping ) Two , if I 've been eating broccoli . All existence is just a chess game , and I can see 50 moves ahead . Human emotion no longer concerns me . FRY : But-But Randy said ... Randy ? ! Have you been hanging out with Randy ? Please , Bender . If everything is a chess game for you , you must know how to help me . I 'm sorry , Fry , but some games you just can 't win . Cubert and the Professor are guilty . The jury will vote to convict . I can 't change that . Well , what about Leela ? Is there any hope things could still work out between us ? ( chiming and trilling ) It 's getting late . Now if you 'll excuse me , I have some new heavy elements to create . Better cover your ' nads . It may get a little non-Newtonian in here . ( whirring and popping ) Not only have the defendants failed to rebut the charges , they have not even presented any mitigating factors to recommend leniency . It strikes me as an extra-risky strategy . Did you say extra-crispy recipe ? You know I didn 't . Your Honor , if we could locate Bender Rodriguez , he would testify that my clients acted without malice . No , he wouldn 't . Bender doesn 't care about us anymore . ( all gasping ) Someone used to care about me ? Hooray ! In that case , the jury will begin its deliberations . Bailiff , release the jury collies . ( barking ) I finally nailed Farnsworth . Destroying the boy is just icing on the cake . No one destroys a boy like you , Mother . Thank you , you repulsive disappointment . Any word from Leela ? I heard she took a job selling deep space real estate , somewhere beyond the most distant thing ever observed with a telescope . She always liked not being observed with a telescope . ( whooshing ) ( all gasping ) Order ! Order in the head ! BENDER : For reasons beyond even my comprehension , I have returned to testify on behalf of the defendants . - Yay ! - Yeah , Bender ! I knew he cared about us ! You said you knew he didn 't care about us . Leave me alone . Your Honor , I object to this surprise witness . He 's too surprising . Sustained ! Testimony has closed . But , Your Honor ... Silence ! One more inburst like that , and I 'll have this courtroom removed from you ! ( whooshing ) I ... I 'm sorry , guys . I didn 't realize I was late . I guess I 'm not as smart as everybody thought . I was born in prison , and I 'll die in prison . There is still one hope . You 're co-defendants , and the jury might not want to convict a 12-year-old . Son of a nerd ! He may be right . Make sure Farnsworth doesn 't get off easy on account of that snot-gobbling twerp ! Has the jury reached a verdict ? Not just any verdict , Your Honor . A great verdict ! ( crying ) They 're going to take pity on him ! Do something ! Your Honor , prosecution moves to drop the charges against Cubert Farnsworth . ( gasping ) Very well . The case against Cubert Farnsworth is hereby dismissed . Told you I 'd get away with it . ( snorts ) That 'll do , pig . Please read the verdict against Professor Farnsworth . You got it , Judge . I think you 'll find this verdict as fair as it is cruel . BENDER : Your Honor , I move for a mistrial on grounds of double jeopardy ! Cubert Farnsworth cannot be tried twice for the same crime . ( all gasping , Hyperchicken squawks ) Cubert is the Professor 's clone , ergo they are legally the same person . Since you dismissed the charges against Cubert , you cannot convict the Professor of these same charges ! Well , I 'll be a nugget 's uncle . He 's right ! What a brilliant legal shenanigan . Case dismissed ! ( cheering ) Bender , you knew all this would happen , didn 't you ? Yes . All except this part . Ow ! If I can 't bring down Farnsworth , I can at least dumb down his robot . Take him away and reset him to factory-stupid condition ! Bender , wait ! While you can still calculate the future , just tell me ... what 's gonna happen with me and Leela ? There 's no time now . ( gasps ) Quick , Zoidberg ! Take three steps to your right ! Oh ! ( Bender giggling ) Oh , we 've had some tough times , but at least we won a Tony . You won a Tony . Feh . Wow . You gave up your super-intelligence to save us . Why did you come back ? Honestly , I couldn 't think of one good reason , but some decisions can 't be made by thinking . Even if you 're drunk . ( burping ) No galaxies there . ( door whooshes open ) LEELA : Knock , knock . Oh ! Oh ! Who 's there ? Leela ? ! ( overlapping chatter ) BENDER : Leela who ? FRY : It 's good to see you . Is it good to see me ? - Of course . AMY : - Come on in , Leela . Take that ugly coat off . Thanks . Hi , everybody . So tell us , how 's the intergalactic real estate going ? Pretty good . I just sold a castle to the King of Space . But somehow , I keep finding myself thinking about this place ... and things . Things like me , or things like this badminton racquet ? You , Fry . Bender , while you still have your giant brain , please , tell me if Fry and I ended up together . It 's too late , Leela . He 's good old Bender again . He 's totally useless . Well , not totally . Before they reset me , I figured out the answers to life 's great questions . Uh , this is the reason we exist . This is which ceiling fans are gonna fall . Aha ! Found it ! " Fry and Leela 's Ultimate Fate . By Bender . " FRY : Uh ... It 's probably better if we don 't know . Uh , mystery of life and whatnot . Give me that !
