 NARRATOR : Lasers with the power to cut through solid stone , acoustic chambers that might able interplanetary communication , and architecture designed to harness cosmic energy . Are these dramatic examples of our own modern day technology ? Or are they examples of astounding achievements used in the ancient past ? The only way that these huge cubes of stone were removed from the mountain is by some kind of laser-like instrument able to liquify rock . These temples were used to communicate with the gods and resonate with cosmic energies . BILL BIRNES : People see this as an example of help given to an earthly civilization by-- - ancient aliens . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And could the proof be found by examining the construction methods of our planet 's ancient engineers ? Peru , South America . The Andes Mountains . 9,000 feet above sea level , in an area the Inca people once called the Sacred Valley , lie the ruins of the ancient city of Ollantaytambo . Once serving as both a temple and a fortress , mainstream historians claim Ollantaytambo was built around 1440 AD by the Inca Emperor Pachacuti . But some scholars believe Ollantaytambo was built upon the ruins of a far older city- - one whose origins remain unknown . FOERSTER : The gate behind me is called the Gateway of the Gods , and it was build several thousand years before the Inca arrived here . It was built by a culture we call the Urin Pacha . We give them that name because we have no idea who they were , where they came from or where they went . It is clearly evident that the earliest parts of Ollantaytambo dates to at least 12,000 years old , if not older . JESUS GAMARRA : From the research , I have been able to determine this was built by the Arak civilization . The Arak people are as ancient as what would be the equivalent to Adam or the first humans . NARRATOR : But how could the earliest humans on earth have produced such astonishing stonework with massive interlocking blocks precisely fitted together ? Or have constructed aqueducts and irrigation systems that still function today ? Or have moved and set colossal stones of granite , each weighing more than 50 tons ? ANDREW COLLINS : Ollantaytambo is a mountain fortress . It 's renowned specifically for the incredible size blocks that were used in its construction . Most particularly those that are found on its highest level , the highest point on this mountain . There are six of these positioned in a line , and they were transported from another mountain where , the source says , across a plain , across a river and then up the mountain . And , of course , the biggest mystery is , how the hell were they not only able to cut these things but to move them up this mountain ? STEPHEN VANDER HART : In modern day , if we were gonna move a 50 ton bolder we would have to assemble a special transportation unit , consisting of steel girders , several axles , hydraulic jacks Moving it up the hill , we 'd probably have to change the face of the hill-- - build a road , maybe anchor it , using some kind of cable-and-pulley system- - several different options , none of which would be available to the people who lived way back then . FOERSTER : These six giant slabs of red granite have stood here for thousands of years because of the beautiful engineering of the ancients . If there 's a major earthquake , these shims can ride up and down , absorbing the shock of the earthquake , and that keeps the giant slabs in place . The ability to fit perfectly - fitting stones of several tons in weight together so that a single human hair can 't fit in between them is not a question of sweat or man-hours , it 's a question of technology . Main stream archaeologists claim the dense , hard granite was cut and shaped by means of stone or bronze tools . But evidence of such tools has never been found at the site . And stranger still is the means by which the mammoth rocks are bonded into place , as if fused together by an unknown form of energy . JASON MARTELL : It 's almost as if two stones are leaned together and infused them with some type of high radiation beam or a laser that then would fuse the rocks together . Then they could stack a third rock and another fused area . There is no explanation for how they had the ability to create such a high heat source and fuse these rocks in such an intricate fashion . NARRATOR : Further evidence of the mysterious methods used by ancient craftsmen can be found nearby-- - at the Temple of the Condor . Here , enormous slabs of andesite stone were quarried from what is known as " The Wall of Living Rock . " FOERSTER : The Temple of the Condor is curious because we find huge cube-like sections of stone- - andesite , which is very hard- - have been removed from the mountain with such accuracy that we can 't find a scratch in the surface . The corners also are not sharp . They 're perfectly rounded , and no one can explain how this could have been achieved . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : The rock surface looks rough but when you touch it it feels as smooth as a bathroom mirror . which means some type of vitrification process was used . And at the bottom of where this alcove was cut out , we can see a crisscross pattern . And in my opinion , they are actually saw marks . To me , this pattern is irrefutable proof for ancient machining . ERICH VON DANIKEN : Prehistoric tools would never work . You see , Ollantaytambo is mostly made out of andesite . To cut andesite , you need something which is harder than andesite . You could use a diamond , but there was no tool in Stone Age time to cut these rocks , so it must have been extraterrestrial tool . NARRATOR : Might the ancient engineers of Ollantaytambo really have used tools acquired from otherworldly sources , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? Perhaps clues can be found by examining the earliest creation myths of the Andes Mountains . In them , the ancient ancestors , or founders , were described as a brother and sister- - referred to as " Children of the Sun . " Sent by the " Sun God , " these mysterious beings arrived on Earth with something described as a golden wedge . DAVID CHILDRESS : Was this golden wedge some sort of hand-held device that could cut stone , and even possibly levitate the giant blocks into place ? If the golden wedge used by the Children of the Sun was really some kind of high-tech device for cutting stone or levitating stone , it would probably have been given to them by extraterrestrials . TSOUKALOS : The fact that Ollantaytambo specifically has this story about this golden wedge leads me to think that some type of extraterrestrial activity took place there thousands and thousands of years ago . And that some type of sophisticated extraterrestrial technology was used in order to achieve some of those amazing feats of engineering that we can see at Ollantaytambo today . BIRNES : What you can 't explain is the moving of 50-ton stones up the sheer face of a cliff to create the walls of the fortress . That , in and of itself , required more than cranes , more than lifts , more than scaffolds . It required something like an anti-gravitational device , or a tractor beam to lift that much stone that high . That 's why people see this as an example of help given to an earthly civilization by ancient aliens . Do the incredible accomplishments of the early people of the Andes Mountains really provide proof that early man was in contact with otherworldly beings ? If so , wouldn 't there be even more incredible evidence ? There are those who believe such evidence does exist , hidden within the ruins of a Mesoamerican metropolis . Central Mexico , 35 miles northeast of Mexico City . Here in a highlands plateau , lies the enormous archeological site of the ancient city of Teotihuacan . Established around 100 B.C. , and lasting until its fall between the seventh and eighth centuries , Teotihuacan was one of the largest cities in the ancient world , with over 150,000 inhabitants at its peak . DAVID CHEETHAM , PH.D : When you enter the city , you are immediately struck by sort of that modern layout of a city . You have a Street of the Dead that goes for miles , along which you have all of the major ceremonial architecture , including some of the largest buildings ever erected in the New World . NARRATOR : According to scholars , the advanced design of Teotihuacan suggests that ancient builders had knowledge , not only of architecture , but of complex mathematical and astronomical sciences . From the air , the city 's layout strangely resembles a computer circuit board with two large processor chips- - the Sun Pyramid and the Moon Pyramid . Researchers have also found numerous and remarkable similarities to the Great Pyramids of Egypt . PHILIP COPPENS : When we look at these buildings , we find the same mathematics incorporated into them than what we find in the Great Pyramids and the surrounding pyramids of the Giza Plateau . ARLAN ANDREWS : The Great Pyramid of Khufu at Giza and the Sun Pyramid at Teotihuacan apparently have about the same base , almost 750 feet square . TSOUKALOS : The base perimeter of the Pyramid of the Sun is four Pi times its height . In Giza , it 's two pi times its height . Essentially , the Pyramid of the Sun is exactly half as tall as the Pyramid of Giza . COPPENS : Teotihuacan is created according to a specific layout . The Temple of the Sun , the Temple of the Moon , and the Temple of Quetzalcoatl are in the same layout as Orion 's Belt , which is basically the formation , which the three pyramids of the Giza Plateau have been laid out into , as well . NARRATOR : Might the design and layout of Teotihuacan be comparable to that of Giza because of similar influence by extraterrestrial visitors , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? CHILDRESS : When you have similar pyramid complexes , like the ones at Teotihuacan , and the ones at Giza you have to kind of think that the same builders , the same designers are behind these giant complexes . NARRATOR : But perhaps the most intriguing aspect of Teotihuacan is the finding by archeologists , of the extensive use of mica embedded in numerous structures . A mineral only found 3,000 miles away , in Brazil JOEL PALKA : It is found in all buildings , housing complexes , temples and , along the roads , it is found everywhere . COLLINS : These mica sheets were probably transported from thousands of miles away , from Brazil . That 's the nearest source . Now , what would you wanna do that ? Obviously they were not there for decoration , because you couldn 't see them Mica has some electrical properties that make it very good for being an isolator It resists the transformation of electricity , it 's also very good at being able to be stable at high temperatures so that it can be used in furnace windows and oven windows . It is clear so you can see through it , and at the same time , it stands up to the temperature and electrical , uh , discharges . COPPENS : So we know that they must have had a very specific and good reason to incorporate it . And the only possible reasons really why they would be doing this is because somehow it was part of some technology . NARRATOR : Recently , archeologists have also discovered large quantities of mica crystals in a subterranean chamber . As well as , in several shafts that run beneath the Avenue of the Dead . TSOUKALOS : There is an underground shaft that goes from the mica chamber in direction of the Pyramid of the Sun . So is it possible that this mica chamber contained some type of an energy-producing device , a power plant that fed some of the other pyramids ? It is possible . CHILDRESS : There 's many similarities between the pyramids at Teotihuacan and the pyramids at Giza . Both have inner chambers . It 's thought by some that the Great Pyramid itself was a massive microwave generator , literally sending a beam up to a satellite , or powering some other kind of spacecraft or installation . We could have had the same thing happening here at Teotihuacan . NARRATOR : If the Pyramid of the Sun were really designed to generate power , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , could its mica-lined chambers and shafts have served as an interconnecting power grid for the entire city ? Or could the use of mica have served another , perhaps more protective purpose ? MARTELL : NASA uses mica to deflect the heat on many of their crafts , such as , the space shuttle . On reentry , the bottom part of the space shuttle is all lined with mica and is a perfect deflector of large amounts of heat . CHILDRESS : Could the mica at Teotihuacan also have been used to shield and protect the ancient people perhaps from the blast of an extraterrestrial rocket taking off ? Or even the radiation maybe from some kind of spacecraft ? But if the ancient builders of Teotihuacan used mica for the purposes of power generation and radiation protection , then where did their advanced engineering and construction knowledge come from ? TSOUKALOS : The earliest descriptions of Teotihuacan talk about gods descending from the sky in ships or winged serpents , and that something extraordinary happened there . WILLIAM HENRY : Teotihuacan , like the ancient Egyptian pyramids , are believed to have been built by the Gods . And the gods ascended into the heavens in craft that we today think could be rocket ships . The builders certainly must have learned the secrets from the gods themselves . MARTELL : An interesting similarity with many of these ancient sites were reports of the gods ascending and descending from the heavens . It 's very possible that these were actually being used as landing sites . So it 's very possible that the knowledge to build Teotihuacan was given to us by extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Do the ancient legends of flying alien beings and other strange creatures provide proof that ancient aliens did , in fact , influence the incredible architectural achievements of Teotihuacan ? Perhaps more clues can be found on the other side of the planet and carved into the walls of sacred Indian temples . The Republic of India . Situated on the subcontinent of South Asia , in the southern portion of the country , are the ruins of a vast temple complex known as Vijayanagara . Translated as " the city of victory , " this site once was the prosperous capital of the largest and most powerful Hindu kingdom in all of India . CHILDRESS : Vijayanagara is said to have been built in the 14th century A.D. However , there 's a lot of evidence to show that it is a much older city . And in fact , Hindu legends say that the ancient king , Rama mad with his monkey god friend , Hanuma they 're at a cave at Vijayanagara and this would put the city , back many thousands of years . This general region of Southern India had human occupation , perhaps , hundreds of thousands of years . While the city of Vijayanagara is certainly the largest settlement that ever existed , there were civilizations that existed there much earlier . According to scholars , the temples of Vijayanagara were built using ancient geometric and mathematical formulas found only in Vastu Shastra , a traditional Hindu system of design based on aligning art and architecture with the elemental properties of earth , water , air , fire and space . Vastu architecture is unique , because it creates structures , that are supposed to resinate with earth and cosmic energies . When you create a structure , you want the building to be in harmony with the earth . If you think as the earth as embedded in a space nervous system and that the solar system is embedded in a space universe , it 's all one nervous system . Well , the earth itself is tied to the rest of the universe by this , and receives and emanates energy by using this nervous system . And these temples illustrate that perfectly . It could be that these spaces were used as a technology to go deep within human consciousness and communicate with the gods . The origins of Vastu architecture can be traced in ancient India Sangam literature to a mythic hero called Mamuni Mayan , who lived some 10,000 to 12,000 years ago . But who , or what , was this mysterious ancient figure ? According to Hindu beliefs , Mamuni Mayan is revered as the Visvakarman- - the lord of creation- - and the deity who designed and fabricated the divine architecture of the universe . But might this god really have been an extraterrestrial entity , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? Researchers point to clues carved in stone throughout the ancient Vastu temples of Vijayanagara . CHILDRESS : Vijayanagara was thought to be a city that connected people to the gods . The gods themselves were said to have lived in this city- - Shiva and-- - and Rama . Many of the strange statues there are of certain aspects of Vishnu . And he looks like some kind of strange extraterrestrial god . These are statues that still exist today at Vijayanagara . According to the myths and legends , this is a very holy place . B. VIURIAKSHI : Why ? Because of Rama , one of the reincarnation of Vishnu Rama is a God , he had to be displaced . That 's how this place has become very sacred . Through their evidence of the actual nature of the Hindu Gods , can be found at ancient Hindu scriptures . Epic poems , like the Mahabharata and the Ramayana , and sacred texts called Vedic literature contain multiple references to flying objects of various shapes and sizes . In the ancient Vedic literature , they say that they had the * * * , PATRICK FLANAGAN : which are anti-gravity air crafts and they 'd let them flew around on them . And the Vimani 's construction is detailed in a Mahabharata and some of the other ancient books that come to us from that time , and stories . In Vijayanagara you have the traditional Hindu Vastu architecture . You have , therefore , the stone temples that are , uh , conical in shape . So the architecture itself was sort of a copy of the airships or rockets or spaceships that they called Vimanas . At Vijayanagara , they were using Vastu technology . And Vastu technology has been used to make flying vehicles . The technology is there to create weapons , to probably create an energy that could power a spaceship . DÄNIKEN : The Vimanas we would be called today , space shuttle . Flying machines , now we have different sort of space shuttle , A Russian space shuttle doesn 't look like an American space shuttle and so on . So in ancient India , we have different descriptions of Vimanas with wings , with all kinds of lights and so on , and out of these Vimanas so-called gods came . NARRATOR : Might the early people of South India really have been taught advanced building techniques to harness powerful cosmic energy ? And if so , might this have been done so that early man could connect with other distant worlds , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? CHILDRESS : Vijayanagara would have been one of many cities around the planet built by the extraterrestrial gods . It was part of a network of ancient cities around the planet that included megalithic cites in South America , on Pacific islands , in India and Egypt and Africa and other areas of the Middle East . It was one of their special cities that they had built thousands of years ago . NARRATOR : Did ancient man really incorporate the wisdom and expertise of cosmic travelers into the architecture of their monumental buildings ? If so , wouldn 't additional evidence of such contact exist elsewhere in the world ? What if there were recent findings of the use of machine technology discovered in ancient Egypt ? NARRATOR : Luxor , Egypt Here , along the east bank of the Nile River , lie the archaeological remains of the vast Karnak temple complex , dating to the 32nd century B.C. With its numerous structures , including great halls , obelisks , and an avenue of sphinxes , Karnak represents the combined achievement of many generations of Egypt 's ancient builders . MARTELL : When one travels to Luxor and gazes upon the Karnak Temple we see large pillars , oversized obelisks , and what 's very amazing about this area is that it 's one of the few places where over 30 Pharaohs contributed to its sheer size and wealth of knowledge over a vast period of time . NARRATOR : For centuries , archaeologists and scholars have considered Karnak to be one the most dramatic examples of of the remarkable technological ability of early man . But do the construction techniques used in building these incredible monuments reveal evidence of something more- - something not of this earth ? COPPENS : When we start looking at hieroglyphs , we are amazed as to how beautiful and how carefully they have been carved . The technology which we see is clearly of a perfection which it 's beautiful , and almost makes our heart cry whenever you come face to face with it . NARRATOR : Experts believe the most impressive evidence of advanced machining can be found at Karnak tall 4-sided tapering monuments , called obelisks . CHILDRESS : The obelisk is carved with the same inscriptions on four sides . They 're all exactly the same , and they are all beautifully cut and articulated hieroglyphs into this red granite stone . We would look at it today and say that would be some of machine that carved these things out For example , there were slots , they were only .14 inches wide , half inch deep . When you look inside you can see , the bottom of them were made ANDREWS : by a rotating tool . So this was a tool that punched in , came out , stepped down , punched in , came out , - -- The human hand , no matter how good you are , could never do that . The tool marks themselves , the precision , the depth , the rotating impressions that were made were not done by hand . Some of those were so precisely engraved as to require machine tools to do it . The tool kit that we see , that the ancient Egyptians were supposed to use- - there is no way that any of those tools could produce the results that we saw . NARRATOR : To many scholars , the apparent precision used in the construction of the obelisks at Karnak suggests a 21st - century level of expertise . CHRISTOPHER DUNN : Precision is what our civilization is built on . To craft something to within 2 / 10,000th of an inch or 1,000th of an inch is quite common today , because that tolerance or that precision is necessary and it has purpose . But how can we explain such precision in ancient construction ? TSOUKALOS : If you look at the Ramses statue , it is so perfect that you wonder how was this even done ? With allegedly primitive tools ? Because today , we could only do this , with machines . DUNN : So the way we check the symmetry of the Ramses statue is to take two images of the same photographs , make transparencies , and compare the left to the right . We flip it over and bring it over the original , and as we can see , we have a perfect match . The ancient Egyptians were very skilled at working granite . I cannot see how they could have created what they created with the tools that are commonly accepted to have been in the ancient Egyptians ' toolbox , such as copper chisels or stone chisels , wooden mallets , stone balls . But if as many historians and archaeologists contend the ancient builders did not possess the equivalent of modern tools , how were these monuments built with such mathematical precision ? Perhaps the answer can be found by comparing an example of ancient sculpture with one made by more modern methods . We can compare the aluminum model , the face machine , the striations coming down the face with the striations coming down the face of the statue at Karnak in Egypt , and also the tool marks , so where we see above the eyebrow , the dig in right there , where the- - kind of shows us what kind of tools or the shape of the tools that they used . So the elements that bring this machining to ancient statue are not just the symmetry but also the the geometry , the precision , and the tool marks , and we have all three elements in modern machining and ancient statuary . It 's an enormously difficult thing to do by hand without introducing some mechanical systems . Seems to me to be impossible . NARRATOR : But if the tool marks seen on the Ramses statue appear identical to those made made by modern methods , wouldn 't it prove that the ancient builders had access to machines and perhaps even electricity ? CHILDRESS : Allegedly they did not have electricity , power tools . Supposedly , they didn 't have diamond saws . But yet , they 're doing things that would require precision work , precision tools . So where did they get those things ? How could they have had these advanced machining tools that we 've only just acquired ourselves today in our civilization ? So one answer would have to be they 'd gotten it from ancient aliens . NARRATOR : Might the early Egyptian builders have had access to extraterrestrial knowledge and technology ? Or might the ancient builders have been aliens themselves ? According to ancient astronaut theorists , the answer is yes . And for proof , they point to a tiny island in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea . Malta , a small island nation in the center of the Mediterranean Sea , just south of Italy . Scholars believe the first inhabitants migrated here from the nearby island of Sicily in 5200 B.C. Today , stone structures on the Maltese island of Gozo are considered by archeologists to be among the greatest achievements by ancient builders anywhere in the world . The temples on Malta and Gozo are 1,000 years older than the pyramids of Egypt . They are the earliest monumental architecture in the world . There are engineering features in these temples that are just astonishing . We 're talking about walls enclosing space---paved walkways-- - they were ceilinged at one time . Definitely much more complex than anything else that was appearing on earth for a very long time . NARRATOR : Built before metal tools or the wheel had been invented , experts are baffled by the sheer scale of the construction and the use of vertically arranged monolithic stones , each weighing over 20 tons . FLANAGAN : It 's only been in recent years , that we developed instruments , that are accurate enough to appreciate that some of these ancient societies were able to shape stones to optical accuracy , optical accuracy greater that we are able to do today . And so they must have had some kind of advanced technology enabling them to do that . NARRATOR : But if the ancient builders of Malta had used advanced technology , where did it come from ? Researchers believe answers may be found among Malta 's numerous mysteries- - including the so-called cart ruts , which can be found all over Malta . These parallel incisions in the bedrock have been identified as cart ruts because that 's what they look like . What they really were , what their purpose was , we don 't know . There 's nothing written . ANDREWS : The cart ruts on Malta are about four feet wide . They 're uniformly spaced . Some of them run hundreds of yards . Some of them run miles . According to the studies of them , they 've probably been there up to 10,000 years ago Because some of the ancient temples have got wider on the top of the ruts NARRATOR : Ancient astronaut theories believe the cart ruts may , in fact , be evidence , that Malta was one of Earth 's earliest industrial work sites . CHILDRESS : It seems like what these cart ruts really were , was some kind of ancient railway . And this railway was then to move heavy machinery , much as we would use today in a mining operation , even the way rockets are rolled out onto a launch pad . NARRATOR : Further evidence of the use of advanced technology on Malta can be found underground . In 1902 , construction workers , while building the foundation for several houses , accidentally discovered a mysterious underground sanctuary dating to 2500 B.C. Called the Hypogeum , the subterranean structure was revealed to be three levels deep-- - all hewn from solid stone . ENEIX : It 's been estimated that they removed more than 2,000 tons of stone from these subterranean chambers to create a space that beautifully replicates the temples above ground . NARRATOR : Perhaps one of the greatest mysteries concerning the Hypogeum involve the acoustical properties in what is called the " Oracle Room . " The acoustic properties within this are absolutely extraordinary , because what happens is that if a person is within the Oracle Room , the way that their voice is carried is heard within the whole of the complex . The ancients were using this profound sound technology in order to put themselves in a deep state of trance , in order to access higher human conciousness , they wanted to go deep within , in order to connect themselves with star energy NARRATOR : Might the Oracle Room have been used to communicate with ancient gods ? Or , perhaps , celestial ancestors ? Or do its advanced acoustics suggest that early Maltese people had mastered the science of sonic manipulation , the ability to manipulate solid matter through audio frequencies ? FLANAGAN : One of the main things that I 've realized is that they 're using something called fractal nonlinear resonance . And we 're now discovering in the field of material science that nonlinear resonances of sound waves , microwaves , magnetic waves , that we are able to actually change matter in ways that we never dreamed possible . NARRATOR : If the Oracle Room was used to harness the power of audio waves , as many ancient astronaut theorists believe , is it possible the prehistoric builders used sonic technology to help build Malta 's mammoth temples ? CHILDRESS : The builders had this advanced knowledge of sonic technology . And , in fact , sound technology can be used for all kinds of applications , including levitation or anti-gravity . COLLINS : All around the world , there are myths and legends relating to how large structures came into being . They talk about the movement of stones through the use of sound , about the use of instruments or the banging , the ringing-- - that will elevate stones enough so that they can be pushed as if they 've become completely weightless . CHILDRESS : It would appear that the builders at Malta had very advanced knowledge of things we 're just now discovering . And you would think that they got this knowledge from extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Enormous blocks of stone-- - mysterious carving techniques-- - and mathematical precision that rivals anything possible in the modern age . Might the tools and technology that went into building the world 's most magnificent ancient structures have come from distant galaxies ? Or were the ancient engineers really extraterrestrial beings ? Perhaps the answer can be found , not out in space but in plain sight all over the world- - an answer which suggests that the ancient builders may have served to be the architects , not of the past , but of our future .
