 A wise man an once said that nothing really dies , it just comes back in a new form . Then he died . So next time you see a lowly salamander , think twice before you step on it . It might be you . Stand by for reincarnation . ♪ Two ... two , three ... ♪ ♪ ♪ Howdy , folks . Come on in . ♪ Jumpin ' Joe and golly jeeper ♪ ♪ I got one gigantic peeper ♪ ♪ Sassafras and banana oil ♪ ♪ I 'm a beautiful purple-haired goil . ♪ Watch it ! Oh , it 's just that I love Leela something awful . Do you think a space-age dame like her would ever marry a two-bit low-life delivery boy like me , and also I have bad posture and severe financial problems ? Have you tried getting her pregnant ? Gosh , yes , I 've tried and tried , but so far I only got Amy pregnant . You know what your problem is ? Too much smoke in your face . I want to ask Leela to marry me , but I can 't afford a diamond ring big enough to express my love . That 's for sure , not on the measly salary I steal from you each month . All crew , report to the laboratorium . Get a wiggle on . Thanks for the heads-up , Sparky . Mmm-mmm , fish on Friday and human flesh the rest of the week . Movietone News , everyone . I 've discovered a new comet . One side , boys . Let a lady take a gander . Hang on , let me just adjust it to your eye level . Holy matrimony . That 's one flashy rock . Indeed , it 's pure diamondium . Um , would it be possible to break off a piece and put it in an engagement ring for reasons that are private ? Oh , fuff . Nothing in the universe can fracture diamondium , not even God One and God Two put together . But behold ! The tail is composed of abrasive comet powder , and that 's just what I need to put a wash-day shine on my new doomsday device . Now , hop in the flivver and score me some of that sweet , sweet powder . ♪ ♪ Comet ahoy ! Why , it 's lit up like a smooth , refreshing Chesterfield . Get plenty of that powder . I want this bomb to sparkle like the floor at Grand Central Station . Over and out . Watch it , you stumblebums . You 're boopin ' my betty . Um , I 'll be back in a jiff . I got to go check this comet for anarchists . ♪ ♪ Would you look at that gem ? Slap that shiner on a ring , and me and Leela will be doing the married horizontal Charleston in no time . All right , diamond , you won those rounds , but I 've got an ace up my hole . I love this time of day . There 's such a beautiful stillness . Leela , I don 't know if words can describe how I feel about you ... Good ? Huh , I-I guess they can . Anyhow , when a guy feels good about his sweetheart , he wants to prove it by giving her something really ... good . I 'm still listening , you big lug . Well , what I 'm trying to say is , in all the world , I couldn 't find a diamond good enough for you , but then I found one out there among the stars- - the beautiful , affordable stars . You mean , when you disappeared up on the comet ... ? Exactly . I thought you snuck off to take a dump . A man can sneak off to do two things . Oh , Fry . In exactly ten seconds , the doomsday device will blow the stone loose , and if my calculations are correct , it will land here on your finger . You 've made me the happiest finger in the whole wide hand . Comet kaboomination in three , two ... Um , hello , cuckoo . The diamond still didn 't break ! Now you 'll never know how much I love you . It went kersplitters . Fry , I don 't need a diamond . You 've given me the most beautiful rainbow I 've ever seen- - all the colors of the spectrum . Not beautiful enough . A swell gal like you deserves better . What 's that ? Is my eye playing trick on me ? It 's so beautiful . Fry , you 've created a new color , totally different from any other color or combination of colors . Shucks , it 's still only half as beautiful as you . Whoa . I wish this moment could last forever . Leela , my love , will you marry me ? Gornella , my love , will you marry me ? Blorg , blorg , a thousand times blorg . Good news , multiplayers . After a lifetime of toil , I 'm on the verge of solving all the mysteries of science . So we can leave early ? Certainly not . Not until I demonstrate this new microscope lens made from the debris of that diamondium comet . Hey , Professor . Yes , Bender . Aah ! Boo ! Okay , too bad , good-bye . You 're not through with this level . I have another lens . Byte my eight-bit metal ass . That 's byte with a " Y. " Whatever you say , mon . Due to the lens ' remarkable quark lattice structure , it should be capable of unthinkable magnification . Come , follow me to the lab . Hey , I 'm gonna try that . So long , meatbags . Son of a ... Let me just insert lens in microscope . There , now , for the first time , we may be able to see the infinitesimal fabric of matter itself , laying bare the most fundamental laws of the universe . Hey , Fry , I know something you could lay bare . Leela , shh , I 'm trying to listen to a physics lecture . Now , to examine some matter . Any old matter will do . Mon , that 's some cheap-ass matter . What the hell is it ? Oh , it 's just a log I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea . Now , to penetrate its deepest mysteries . Hey , Fry ... Leela , no means no . Oh , my , there 's a frog on a bump on this log that I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea . And that 's the ultimate secret of the universe ? Apparently so . Wait , there 's a snail on the tail of the frog on the bump on this log that I found in a hole in the bottom of the sea . Dear Liza . The snail itself is composed of cells , molecules , atoms . Pfft , those things don 't rhyme . Things only rhyme below ten to the minus five angstroms , you dope . Now , ions and pions , muons and gluons , neutrinos , gravitinos ... We 're closing in on the very smallest particles of matter . For the first time , we 're about to observe the fundamental structure of the universe . Such detail . Such finely wrought , intricate beauty . It 's like staring into the face of God . It 's a mirror into Scruffy 's soul . This explains everything , even the big bang that created the universe . All that 's left is the mathematics . Put down h-bar , carry the infinity , and ... My-reka ! There it is , the grand unified theory , reducing all the laws of nate to a single equation . Professor , you did it . You solved the problem that baffled Einstein and drove Stephen Hawking to quit physics and become a cartoon voice actor . I like physics , but I love cartoons . This is the greatest moment in scientific history . At last , there are no more questions left to answer . Well done , Professor . Okay , back to work , everyone . Wait , there are no more questions left to answer . And those are today 's high scores . Linda ? Thanks , Morbo . Coming up next , Galaxians- - what you need to know to protect your family . How do you people do it ? How do you go on , knowing there 's nothing more to know ? I watch TV . It 's the next best thing to being alive . Oh , what 's the use ? I 'm just not capable of the happiness of the dumb . If only I 'd made some mistake ! You didn 't . I checked the invariance of your Lagrangian . Hubba hubba . Then there 's nothing left to do ! Nothing ! Would it cheer you up if I punched Fry in the groin ? 'Cause I 'll do it , regardless . Body blow ! Body blow ! I devoted every waking minute to answering the fundamental questions of science . I never married , rarely went outside ... and now that I 've found all the answers , I realize that what I was living for were the questions . That stinks , Professor . Too bad the universe made it turn out that way and not some other way . I wonder why it did that . Probably magnets . Shut up , Hawking ! Fry , you idiot ! You 're a genius ! Why are the laws of physics what they are , instead of some other laws ? To find out , we 'd have to recreate the conditions before the big bang . It would take decades of work by thousands of scientists in a particle accelerator powered by dump trucks of flaming grant money ! Of course , there 'd be no guarantee of success , and , in any case , I 'd never live to see it . I 'm surprised you lived through that sentence . Sorry you wasted your life , Professor . I guess you 'll never know everything , after all . Indeed . The pursuit of knowledge is hopeless and eternal . Hooray ! Action Delivery Force : assemble ! Ha-ya ! Ya ! Hoo-oo ! Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ! And me , Mighty Merchandise Robot ! Meanwhile , on Space Planet 4 , the aliens who communicate by dancing were worshipping a giant comet . ♪ ♪ Team assembled ! What is that box , you old witch ? Ha , ha , ha . I 'll never tell you . It 's a deep space emotion detector . The detector can tell you 're impressed . You should be ! Wha ? The marvelous device , it 's detecting a massive burst of anger from deep space ! Flying bananas ? Ha , ha . I will slice them on my morning fish porridge . This is no time for one of your jokes , Fry . I will tell you something that 's no joke . I will lead the defense fight . Ha , ha , ha , ha , ha . Don 't make me laugh . If we fight , we 'll surely be destroyed . Then what is our only hope ? We must summon Zagtar , defenderf space ! You forget ... Zagtar was destroyed by the crystal space devil ! The crystal space devil was once my brother Prince Hiroshi . I mourn his loss , but what matters now is protecting Earth from that fruit armada . I see your mother the water mutant didn 't raise any fools , Turanga Leela . Our only hope is to communicate with the aliens , and show them our peaceful intentions . Perhaps they speak perfect English , as do we . Ha , ha , ha , ha ! We can 't take that chance . We 'll need my universal auto-translator . This is my universal auto-translator . That will show them our peaceful intentions . The only question is , who should be our spokesman ? Me , me . Choose Zoidberg . Zoidberg a diplomat ? The list of things I 've heard now contains everything . Hear my words . My shell may be tough , like a samurai honeymoon mask , but inside I 'm as soft and sensitive as a girl made of custard . Custard time ? Hooray ! Please , I am certain I will succeed with my delicate manner . Oops . Instead , I will send the peace transmission . Most honored visitors , we greet you in peace . ♪ ♪ Kajiggaru desu ! All attempts to communicate with the aliens have failed . I fear our only option is thrilling space battle . Power friends , go ! Launch all missiles ! Launch all missiles ! We were defeated in battle . Oh , no ! They 're forming Gigatron ! Defeat is ours . If we can 't communicate with these bone jelly ghosts , we 're doomed ! Professor , I have analyzed the aliens ' movements with this movement analyzer . That device was a gift from my ancestors . Go on . It seems their movements are a form of language . Rather than speaking J- - English . ... like us , they speak by dancing . Of course ! Having no mouths or ears , they could only communicate through motions . Or perhaps by odors . That is how you communicate . Then our only hope to talk to them is by doing a peace dance . But it will have to be smoother and more fluid than any movement mankind is capable of ! What if we hire a buttered geisha ? Another one of your ill-timed jokes , Fry ? You and I are enemies now . Hear my words . I believe I , the most humble member of Action Delivery Team , could do such a dance . Ha , ha , ha , ha . Surely , your hard shell is too rigid . I call on anyone but you to do the peace dance . Of course , I will do the peace dance . But I will need help . Super Dance Squad , initiate ! We all hope they 're communicating a peaceful message . Wha-wha ? We thought we were so smart with our science and dancing . But look at us now , at Gigatron 's mercy ! The shame is too great . It 's time to end this . Zoidberg , stop ! We 're too scared right now to enjoy the ceremony of your death . No hara-kiri today , but heiwa no dansu . The gelatinous dance of peace . You may be gelatinous , but not even the Mochi Phantom could perform such intricate motions ! Says you , salaryman . Behold : the dance of peace . The dance is so complex , I can 't barely follow it . * * * * team member , but I have given it my own . I underestimated you , Medical Crab . But , will the Aliens understand ? Zoidberg , you are the greatest hero . You save this all . For now , But another * * * * next week at the same time . Until then , Action Delivery Force Star Hero * * * * engaged .
