 Claire Claire Josh Tolerate Claire You this well ? Josh Can I hear myself ? Father Everything well Claire I am trying to open I don 't get to leave Help me please Father Claire Cover his / her mouth and the nose You cannot remove of that side Wait Father Father Help me please Father This very hot one sits tight Fast Father Help me Help me please I will help Sit tight , I only need to find an entrance No SUPER ERUPTION Translation and legends of the audio DISASTERS CONTROL MANEGEMENT Then , how long we have ? Before the ashes they do reach us ? Before Yellowstone enters in eruption One day , maybe two We should begin the evacuation To evacuate Wyoming and Montana ? If begin-millstones now will be able to to save most of the population Of Wyoming Of North America Same combining all our efforts do you think can evacuate the whole America ? You need to understand That will affect everyone Look Earthquakes clouds of ashes and lava is not anything compared with what will come to proceed That will cover the whole planet We are seeing the beginning of a new one was of the ice Or the beginning of an era of darkness You need to give me something , any thing that I can say to the president and counselors O.k. This certain What such that ? Something in that I was working for a time A so much radical Basically it is something to produce the crystallization of the magma Connected the nucleation Nucleation ? I thought that it was vulcanologista . Yes But I began as physics In Cambridge I didn 't totally understand as that works Ei Simon Well ... With license Honestly ? That this incomplete one , I don 't see can take seriously and near to elaborate that model The project can be premature But it considers him / it begin It was what I could see The one that I see is something far away from being implemented and I don 't see how it can be possible in first place Excuse , but I don 't know how it was able to to endorse that Don 't smoke Excuse Maybe ... Maybe it can float The something to float ? The super volcano Her this right one Yellowstone this on top of him We can drain the magma before him have the chance of entering in eruption We can create a massivo drain Impeding the lava of continuing Wait oh , I am trying to impede the eruption not to cause one . Yellowstone will enter in eruption of any way Maybe we can reduce the fatalities in thousands or million I am not ready to accept thousands The amount can be larger still O.k. O.k. We will do Fear of sleeping ? No , and you ? The evacuation this with the Control of Disaster I feel a lot for Claire Maybe we should also go To go where ? My house if it was It is now that all are in risk Did she talk you about a Crystal ? Or be it there what goes Yes but it is imperfect You this certain That is a crazy thing Maybe we had a chance if we flooded the camera This right one of that ? Was that shelter well built knew ? Yes I know That and the team of Yellowstone The measure that the evacuation happens ... What this happening ? Just transmitting the white keys went up 40 levels Is that a thing good , right ? My god This happening Charlie Yellowstone this activates Did you wait for that , right ? Yes but no like this No so fast ... beautiful lava Saying that the underground camera ... It cannot impede the lava ... We should go to that shelter I would owe ... I should increase to the model I am losing some thing We leave There is no logic in that Charlie Nothing will be the same again And that is the reason We needed o.k more than the net . ? Because I need O.k. ? Let us go TWO DAYS BEFORE Good morning . knows , from where I come The normal people if comprimentam in the morning If now it goes in the morning to you Excuse for that I am English Good morning That is Australian Good morning Kate . Dia morning Charlie . Seen Linda of here not ? It is adorable Does know how it is to be hours as nanny ? Do excuse the one what said ? The one that I want saying is that to come here and to play with those toys of high technology Toys ? That is the tower A wonderful technology piece Of the science Yellowstone and wonderful . That thing seems to be a tower full of trinkets I caught him / it inventory of the tower Those trinkets are to do his / her easier life Charlie What does the one know would do my easier life ? It is if I was outside Does this sell outside ? That is the real world There it is the place the one that belong There it is where I should be It is what I did in the last 20 years Believe Charlie I would also like of that , more than you Right Excuse me Charlie should not speak in his / her way of seeing the things On you to have to work here with me In agreement with you , maybe But I won 't glorify that way We are the eyes and ears of the whole park Truth ? And the one what that makes of you ? The brain ? Yes Actually does Speaking the eyes and ears of the park Legal face ? Now it is with you Good morning Kate good morning George , it is good to greet somebody reinvigorated Now I understand because you are disappointed with the marriage I feel like this for you vary things Because certain things you leave like this ? You this badly with an agent ? Which agent ? Did you see the boys in the river ? They burned in the géiseres So serious , but they are complaining Any that is the size will always complain will understand Among Ei , look at that . Father ? was far for a time How long will that time be ? I will keep the promise I also can . Excellent Josh , because it won 't arrive the géiseres ? Géiseres ? I am to I walk boss Oh , and you want him to show them the ... . Claire Claire To show the surroundings I think I can appear boy Right Because it won 't refresh the eyes in the garden ? this freezing It is exact I think I am going also walking Good to see you wanted I catch you later Clear I catch you later O.k. , right . Don 't encourage him / it He is not so badly Do you know ? Him this certain I hate to admit but you would not owe if it lets to be courted by a park guard Hello , I am Kate . Hi I am Claire and I heard his / her respect a lot Well to the I contradict of the popular faith I came from London where has legal bars Claire has just begun his / her medicine university in Denver Wait , be oh even Ei , ei . Calm Johnny Ei , turn of backs Smile Good you to have here Yes , it is good to be here Personal ? You should not be here Josh I am me Which the case ? Do look at personnel do that for me ? They are going a more little upward and all will be happy This freezing above Leave me happy , we go Josh , serious ? Yes , I serialize . They go for there . We go then . Huh , cold in the feet . This cold Thank you that is perfect Stay oh Thank you very much That is a sack Actually it is not so bad This freezing No , it is not come here Uau , this right one This being lukewarm I said that this hot one That is great What might have caused that ? Sulfuric Géiser I don 't know him / it that saying No , what wants saying is what does think it happened here ? Honestly ? A couple of boys they were where they would not owe I don 't know Kate I never saw here before anything of that The reason is where they were swiming never knew about anything him to elevate the temperature in some seconds you know about that In agreement with Josh those boys were swiming in the river Of a glance in those markers The one that wants say him this lying ? No , I am not saying that this lying , but as they are their friends ... That is tragic , of course is tragic , It is not a mystery , we will solve Maybe we owed for warnings in the park Or to close the park until having certainty Well , to close the park is his / her prerogative But I am saying that the tower it doesn 't show anything of extraordinary You saw some thing in their instruments what do explain him / it what it happened to the boys ? If you feel better , I can disapprove walks for the next 48 hours and to verify my instruments And the one what is there wrong with that ? I don 't know doesn 't seem to be working well . I will access through other to certify me They were sedated and the doctors they think will recover Certain Josh maintain contact The boys will survive When they are better probably to say that there was be able to You don 't need to excuse for something that happened under his / her shift My shift ? Serious ? You this saying that it is my fault what did that mean ? I didn 't say that but it seems that you this saying Ah , you don 't understand as the things work You don 't know anything about me How would it be able to ? In months here never told me that had a daughter As it was able to , she never appeared here But don 't you find strange middle even so ? I don 't know , I never had to work with that before But me yes , the people always talk about wives children , wives , former wives Dogs that died Everybody speech on those things This well for you if I can do my report ? Clear . That his / her fingering this leaving me crazy What this doing ? Is it chemical or vulcanologista ? Before being vulcanologista I worked with field chemistry I graduated in chemistry , Quantum physics Gravitational temporary dilation That sounds confused for me The systems were projected for to work those given by a time With crystallization found in the magma that contains him . It could feel the version for idiots of the one what is a vulcanologista please ? Well , basically the idea is of how to use the crystallization of the magma to foresee eruptions Ah , think it was not simpler To be honest , I am in a station of sciences but if it publishes the work maybe can leave the field We go there , I have more faith in you of the one that you think I don 't hope you understand John You don 't make idea of as it is it circulate of the academics Kate doesn 't need to be in the defensive doesn 't just need to have fear of being wrong Is that on today certain ? You have that multimillionaire installation with equipments of high technology to be super of eye in a volcano But you are afraid of crying in the middle of the wolves when it can inform on obvious signs . What is saying that the stupidity it is of the other ones no mine Look , I am not saying that the one that happened is his / her fault , which I say is ... I know exactly what wants to say Hello , you this receiving ? Now it is official , I am being crazy Hi Hi Did my father leave ? He went to take a look in an activity of the animals that are acting strangely Speaking in strange don 't you need to maintain his / her caffeine level ? The one that this wandered , I don 't know ... Something broken ? The systems are registering things that it would not owe Ok , something how ... ? Believe me , if I said would think that I am crazy You should have seen me when I kicked a guy I caught the car and I went to a hot place The one that this done this done Yesterday the night was really a lot strange I received a communication of me same in that thing Did you see the film Contact ? You think aliens is trying you to contact No O.k. , maybe call you . Ei Kate , is Charlie , I Exchange Kate speaks to me , is Charlie Go ahead Charlie What was ? I am looking at a field full of animals Some thing this scaring the animals Ah , well , that is not really my department Hã , press . The button Can it be more I specify ? I don 't know , badly I understand because they are like this has idea of the because Let to verify me some things Charlie I exchange ... I exchange now . You look Understood Certain boy , we are going ahead Would not it be as cats that earthquakes feel ? No , Yellowstone has hundreds of earthquakes everyday Yes but earthquakes precede eruptions and is Yellowstone a volcano gigantic , right ? Yes but he didn 't enter in eruption in the last 40 thousand years and if it went , earthquakes would be constant No , that is some other thing Ei Kate ? Yes . Birds get to feel the magnetic fields certain ? They really can . Magnetic fields interrupt their guides You are a smart girl is really Charlie 's daughter This really hot Come for here Mister I fear that is out of the limits É ? Because ? Could turn off the fire please ? That is for his / her safety Right ? speaks as if it was to set on fire him / it something like that Mister , you can burn seriously I already saw that before , believe me Everything well That it is . Personal right We will leave of here I want them to catch their belongings and go the exit Kate , did that feel ? We will be seen those picks that I am reading they give us some indication Certain , Stop doing what are doing and enter in their vehicles right now Claire you should go . Where I should go ? Just go , I don 't need you here now But and as for you ? I don 't have choice We go , you should go . Just skirt of here . Just skirt of here Find his / her father Mrs ... . Josh puts all in their vehicles You have to go Go out with their cars now Give him / it out George speaks to me George . Charlie , can speak . Where are you ? I am in the plated Did the tremor also feel ? Yes and I can see him / it how fast this spreading Yes , and also Kate Contact her says what sees and do with that it believes I need that flies around and contact all the guards I am to I walk Expert , encounter you in the canyon I am looking through the monitors I am safe That can only be some trick type It is not any trick , I am you . Some older years , I wait that more wise person . Let to understand each other ... That is not possible I have to admit , me same I had to maintain the open mind O.k. then Prove . Ok , then you are me , some years in the future called to say that I have a position , or what did get married ? No exactly , but I am happy of being able to for you informed of the situation Well , the just some hours I thought that will be completely insane That is madness You tried to speak with me yesterday the night right ? Well for me , it was just the some minutes behind But not for me We don 't have a long time we needed to talk Month passed geologists of the volcanic observatory of Yellowstone they told several tremors The largest of them were in 2008 and 2009 when 900 tremors happened Small tremors are happening and in I finish him / it year already 50 were registered in the same period passed year But the scientists have been showing concern with the speed with that you / they are being more frequent And the last seven years indicate that that is an unprecedented fact The because this being investigated by observers independent that you / they are not nor close to conclusions In Yellowstone it has been installed more and more sensor To know as of the magma it has been unloaded Let to understand each other that This telling me that in the next 48 hours Will Yellowstone enter in eruption ? Yes , putting an end the all of the lives in that planet And because this telling me that now because it let to be so close The Super eruption caused a solid disturbance in the magnetic field taking the a curvature in the time space I am right that noticed the signs stronger the measure that we arrived close That time passed , developing a solution to transmit to you You this entrusted of stopping the eruption As I will say you , but needs to understand and to do everything that I will say Clear You have just some minutes to observe the first events that will happen in the caldera You have to begin to evacuate the park Only that ? For the time being I will call later But ... wait , wait You didn 't say almost anything . I say that , you should save the daughter 's life of somebody that is very special for you What daughter ? What does want to say ? That .. That doesn 't make any sense Hello Kate My God ! Excuse for having such little time We don 't have a lot of energy 12 hours from now on , we will call again The ... Ok Maybe we should return With all due respect Miss Brooks Ei calls me of Kate Ok , excuse me Kate , I don 't want to question their conclusions but all of the indications of what are the tremors it is that you / they are just expelled gases and their by-products Even all the people of the surveillance of the service geological American And the vulcanólogos of Yellowstone agree There is no imminent danger of a close eruption Excuse to interrupt Date Mrs. Braunn Mrs. Braunn , excuse But they are wrong and they are not here and with certainty they don 't know what I know Yellowstone is his / her jurisdiction but but to ask for the control of disasters to evacuate the whole state of Wyoming and all of the states around are necessary much more for not committing a mistake Ok , are using a process of inversion of the seismographs and integrating all of the systems and you put them on-line Right is beginning to understand that the signs of shocks That the harmonic tremors they are the precursors of the eruptions Did you detect some sign in the tremors ? No I didn 't detect , but ... know a lot of things that I know exist É ... it is very technical The one that I can saying is you need checks in me Excuse but I cannot evacuate 4 states based on a hunch I need that evidence stronger Ei that this doing here I didn 't detect any danger I am here to help Oh Claire , you as crazy as his / her father what is good , because she needs help Of here , I will feel a hand Dear Ok , everything will be well She seems to be in shock The highway this blocked Does have more it helps to road ? Yes more help comes , but in the moment I want that all are far away from the border cover their mouths and noses and nobody breathes that sulfur , Be far I don 't believe Charlie is I answer Yes speaks . Josh this certain Can repeat ? verifying the equipments I saw that the temperature went up hundreds of degrees in seconds and fried the sensors We have ourselves to evacuate the park It will owe if it extends for the whole Whyoming And the states around But in the moment , the park Yellowstone will enter in eruption I am in agreement with you should have heard me Kate Yes , excuse me I should have heard him / it I need that removes Claire of here And I won 't accept an I don 't eat answer everything well , she already left Her this safe one , already left Look at Charlie , I contacted the control and Jimmy this coordinating of there Ok is with him Look personal , change of plans I want them to go up that trail a helicopter will find you on top You said that should be Thank you for remembering now do what I said And begin moving go up the hill and I will find them in the top Certain , without panic Ei , Ei which is ? He wants to kill me took my jeep We will catch my car You drive The fire this dispersing for every Yellowstone while the ashes contaminate the air The authorities are making all the possible one to evacuate the park meanwhile the magma this exploding Mrs. Braunn Date , you and I are in the first line has my total attention You informed me on the earthquake should have heard her Do you know ? In his / her position I would doubt of my conclusions also This everything well Now we have to think in what comes to proceed me and you I have the Control of disasters telling me that the magma this being expelled indirectly of the caldera No , that is everything the magma this expanded if in the camera of the caldera And that this causing the tremors but the magma explosion it is just the beginning Then , tell me which his / her plan My plan ? Yes , his / her plan for you stop him / it Kate Await that I call later Personal Ok , for here we will sneak out Maintain lowered her Remove us of here Enter here behind Ei George Certain George , remove those people of here I have some things to see in the soil Johnn speaks to me Josh you are ? Me and Claire Did you speak to Claire ? I am with Claire can one to hear me , hear , ... needs to go to the plateau Encounter you there Certain Charlie We are to I walk Jonnhy , ok ? Understood If we calculated certain , you had the first magma explosion Let us wait that them casualty is minimum I suppose that that is without sense Unless we impede the eruption would excel How will we make that exactly ? Hear , first the most important we needed to neutralize the cloud of ashes knows ... actually I have an idea of how to do that To spray the clouds didn 't work ... But that time goes Do I serialize ? You this renders to forget of making calculations the level of dilation of the sulfur in the caldera Do wait one minute , did You forget ? You are me Kate . I am sending the data now to modify their calculations happens ... it happens that now has much more Team with that is that Compression algorithms Right To contain the cloud of ashes and to save lives it is vital for final phase of the plan I contact soon again Wait , wait . Ok hears me we are losing the sign here Fast what is the one ? Because Charlie ? I know what this thinking In their last minutes in the earth You never know what can happen until happening That is human being 's key The hope of being loved before dying What was ? Because it stopped ? The highway this blocked Because this so hot one Josh go there We will return Go back Father I drive Fast , Fast Let us go Be held Father , you can make some thing regarding that thing ? Yes but we have less than two hours now . George this patrolling with the helicopter but we needed to leave that forest first Father ? What was ? If it could go faster , you would owe With certainty , I can . O.k. , All are held All go We will leave that side fast , be fast Josh catches the girl behind Everything will be well Wait , don 't play that door Josh , catch those coats All are close o.k. ? O.k. care where you / they step and be not close to the border Be far away from the border and look where they step George where is ? Look where they step be far away from the border Fast , we go Johnny looks George Come here Certain , for here Care with the eyes and be lowered George , we will leave of here Are you well ? Certain , we go there We go , we go there . Fast O.k .. Ei , as they were to stop there ? I said that it would be there Well in the hour That was a day of suicidal missions Now it is enough Nor play The firemen will play likes of magnesium of sodium and the calcium in the ash clouds To dissolve the sulfur of the clouds impeding that she arrives until the population of the area Johnny , this oh ? can speak . You need to be careful oh out it can be our only survival chance You and me Kate Did already find Claire ? This in the airplane with Josh I will seek the airplanes that to play the chemists And the best place is close to the river You seem very confident in his / her plan did already make that before ? I want to say , How is so much sure that it will work ? Wonder again when that ends For the time being you should trust in me Understood . Or in my future one me , if she doesn 't destroy everything in the future Date , Hi Do you know him / it what are talking about the clouds in the news sections ? Yes I know But I don 't go a lot into the details This in the hour of knowing that my counselors has vary strategies super to work with the eruption knows , I have vary additional ideas but I need more time ... We don 't have more time for ideas We needed solutions Date We believed ourselves that perforating the magma camera would relieve the pressure now That would add gas to ventilation of the camera and that is a small price to pay Another option would be one detonation inside of the camera that it would vaporize most of the magma No Simon , that would not work . Even if perforated on time the only thing that would do would be to destabilize the caldera To the point of the pressure of the magma to cause the eruption in first place That is an insane idea In the all are aware of the risk , but his / her solution for the cloud of ashes it cannot simply be to use water Yes , it can ! With borrifadores To extinguish the fire in the Park of Yellowstone the firemen are trying to contain the dispersed hell created by the lava Charlie , can I hear myself ? I am hearing Kate We are spilling the solution in the ash clouds , I exchange This working out ? The airplanes are here and working I exchange Ok , spill everything that can and while it can Make the same while it can And think regarding the evacuation Expert , even more . Good-bye George , coordinate with the other ones and make a new passage Understood Personal Ok , hour of for fire in the hole Which airplane was that . I don 't know how to say . Clair , can Josh , hear me ? Clair , can Josh , hear me ? I exchange What does what think this making Charlie ? is my daughter there below I understand but ... You not even this with the clothes You this crazy one ? Preliminary reports they show that the provoked rain on the ash cloud it is a success Kate I am here Which done the result of the solution play in the cloud ? seems to be working , it is really the amount of ashes this falling Do you know him / it what that wants to say ? We changed with success the temporary line You are a genius Clair Did she survive ? I don 't know There are reports of dropped airplanes but we don 't know with certainty who was in them . Claire You this well ? Josh , Josh Can I hear myself ? Father ! This everything well Claire I am going to the other side Don 't leave me Father , remove me of here . Claire ? I don 't get to open the door Cover his / her mouth and his / her nose Good god , worked . That is ours finish contact and I will happen it finishes her / it phase of the plan Kate The research of the Crystallization a time passed analyzing the tremors I am ordering to you a new package of data now Ok Open him now , but nor I know if I will get bring her / it of turn for you What will return he / she ? The future , we are not speaking on to just save hundreds of people We are to the point of to create one casualty in the temporary paradox The one that you this saying You will help people preventing things with a technology that still nor it exists O.k. , then the one what will make ? I think we are to the point of to discover Father , I don 't get to leave Drug Johnny lacks little You this well ? Of me his / her hand Tolerate Josh , remove the pilot he needs help Hold I caught you , I caught you We go there I could guide you here but now this independently Data of the package in I Receiving , received 15 % 20 % 25 % , 29 % Uou , did Uou , freeze him / it what happened ? I am losing the connection , wait , Charlie needs more energy If I give you plus , it will overload and the game ends Ei , this working personal I hate to say but we are in the limit Turn off what didn 't need Oh personal , the tower ... the tower this moving The tower this being unstable That never happened More care , you this well ? I am well , I am well The rain mixed with the ashes Ok come with us Cover their mouths and noses Follow me structures in danger 60 % , 65 % this almost there Only a little more You should leave , Be not afraid of the destiny survive and to Charlie He can be of few words but when speaks he hears 80 % , 85 % 90 % Kate , Go . No , only one more second Only one more second I don 't know as thanking I know , survive Now go . completed George , is Charlie I can hear myself Come to look for us There is a close hut of here we go there Fast , enter here Certain , that hut this in a high land they will be saved by a time And you ? Where does it go ? I will look for help and to leave the clear road for George In that middle time you this in the command Did nobody come out of here ok ? You do what he says Don 't leave anybody to leave of here ok ? Certain Charlie They breathe a lot of that die . I promise wanted I will return Take care some of the other ones Kate What does make here he / she ? The observation tower fell Thanks to God it was not inside I was Did they have the chance of seeing Charlie ? Who ? Charlie the boss of the Guard of the park No , we lost contact with several airplanes But the ash clouds decreased seems that his / her plan worked The temperature changed We needed to talk Don 't worry ok ? He will go back to us It is as always did Yes but when Yellowstone erudir before that won 't help a lot Be just calm , o.k. ? What sound is that ? What sound ? Hear Oh boy , the ashes were mixed with the rain turning concrete Personal , that roof won 't tolerate a long time Look we don 't have a lot of choice The devil that not I will give him / it out from here Enough , Ok ? just sits down and relax I have to leave of here Ei , you this well I cannot breathe Certain , what done this miss ? It is an asthma attack do you have a respirator ? Are you sure of the one what this doing ? I am it close than you have of a truth doctor Ok , relax and hear , breathe for the nose ... And loosen for the mouth That How does sit down ? Dizzy Ok , get some water we needed reverse-moisturize-scan . Right Do hear , Friend ? It cannot go outside , but we will go all in some minutes ok ? We are going father soon . Ok , then the plan of draining the lake of Yellowstone inside of the magma camera that to purpose it was his / her plan failed Quite so Well I assume that it came here for to say that lost our time and resources Good , I need him to maintain the open mind A really open mind I developed a way in that it is possible to cause a phenomenon that crystallizes the magma of the camera Be fast young lady Brooks I believe that can solidify the magma for collision force Explain It is complicated I need ... to inject a chemical solution Directly in the magma What makes her optimist on being possible without none it does evidence that that will work ? In my simulations Do I can ? We needed to insert that solution directly in the camera of the magma She will react directly with density of the elements doing with that it solidifies until the top Is that viable ? That is a thing that I cannot say anything to I respect because I never saw before doesn 't seem to be complete Where did it get that formulates ? That is a variable of one formulates of catalyst of the crystallization I don 't see as doing one practices application with the equations of that model I concluded the equations there is a little Just because doesn 't understand , it doesn 't mean that it won 't work Believe will work Date I cannot endorse that With the due respect I don 't need that understands that is our only chance That won 't precipitate the eruption Don 't go . No that time . Where did you get that ? That is ... Complicated ? Certain , you will have what wants just make to happen 60 % I know how it will be in 60 % Arrest well that has to work Charlie , we are leaving . Among . George I have 4 people in the hut and I need remove them of here We don 't have space here George , Claire this among them Of any way you cannot return there enter and later we returned on the other side of the clouds of ashes We just needed to return there Josh Ok , the one that we needed do it is to have certainty of being here when Charlie brings the helicopter No Josh That roof won 't tolerate a long time Ok , you have to get up we needed to leave of here We will have to wait outside Personal , I don 't think will get I don 't get to breathe Ei Chuce They were reached we have to go This coming below let us go Clair , hear . We have to leave of here Ok I ordered the research the University in his / her physics department looks that surprise The data that lacked Just me of the equipments and I will complete her formulates You should be very sure Kate I hope it is not a lot confident in his / her arrogance Very curious his / her mystery It can seem uncertain But that is everything that exists among us and the end of everything that we knew Claire Josh Johnny Charlie Father Because they were not there ? We were us the all were able to But the roof will fall in instants But and as for the other ones ? The hut fell They didn 't get What does want to say with they didn 't get ? We won 't leave anybody back we will return No Father . They are dead . Certain , right We will leave of here George this in the extraction point Charlie It is good to see you ... also I had been asking for you , but nobody knew how to say if they were well Because this looking at me like this ? Claire and Josh ? They are Yes , they are well. yes But many can die In the one what this working here ? In my crystallization theory That is something as fiction informs Yes , but it is a fiction that this to turn a reality But you said that not yet was ready to be used And it was not but it still was not tested But now , it is already the future Is there something what no this telling me ? Ei ? Yes ? The seismographs of Yellowstone are showing picks again We are seeing another magma camera in expansion for other event in the caldera It cannot be Are you sure ? Yellowstone can enter in eruption the any minute If hopes I have to show it will very late be able to be You should begin to evacuate the maximum of possible areas What does with evacuating the population mean ? You said that this worried in having saved them Well , it is that a small one exists problem in the plan It is something related to the delivery system Somebody will have to go there and to do the delivery We will go No Charlie , is not able to . It is very dangerous , it is a suicidal mission Do excuse , you two are qualified ? Both of us are qualified Inside and out of the park Mrs .. This certain then Vain I will prepare the helicopter I will make the final checkings in the delivery mechanism in the airplane . What does with going in the airplane mean ? I am going with you No , it doesn 't go that is not a good idea I am his / her only chance of doing that to work I see you in the helicopter Understood Skirt Of us one moment Wanted , I promise that I will return Please Please , don 't go . Wanted , I have to go I am not able to ... You cannot lose . It is that If I will enter in the window of the cloud we will need to be necessary already put an end to that Almost We are almost there Kate I know , I only need to turn once again You never told me because It stopped jumping of airplanes and became one Levels of park And this wondering that now ? We have 90 seconds Then I want to hear Not to leave any man back it is the faith of all the officials sounds madness , but the truth is that you the times clue . Or else they get lost lives I was arrogant Kate Lives were lost because I didn 't want to accept the loss of one That is not to be arrogant Charlie is human being Well , I never again intend to do that again I didn 't understand exactly which is his / her plan Because that no this working Don 't call ? has something ... something .. that I am forgetting Kate ... Kate Maintain the focus I know that you will understand É ? , and as I will understand ? HOW AM I GOING ENTEDER ? Did we already arrive here not ? And since we work together ... will work To be together It is that Charlie , it is that , and only to follow the pattern of distribution of the together silicon Ok . We go there Yes . Then it will work ? will have to work We are almost in the point as soon as leave of the another side of the cloud of ashes can go What this doing ? I am going with you . In the nanana Kate , without chance it is very dangerous I still didn 't program the activation sequence Oh drug George You have to go now Charlie has ourselves to go or we will lose the window No , I am not able to leave him / it I talked you have to go now that is exit point Oh my god Kate ? Kate ? everything will be well I will be with you the whole time Just relax Ok ok Just to relax Do we have to go when I already say ok ? Ready . Now . Charlie I feel a lot We are being without time we have to go Here already it is enough You I hold ? Hear me We began to go down for here I want him to concentrate on the bip Everything will go well ok Ok , when arrive-millstones there you inform me Don 't enter in panic ok ? Just continue breathing ok Breathe of vacating the whole time We will go by that That is as this the evacuation of Yellowstone In I pacify him / it west and half west How long does it remain us ? We lost contact behind 30 minutes We don 't have idea if they got to give the package and not even if aterrizaram We have to assume that the mission failed We are going to the contingency Plan We don 't have contingency plans Then develop one Are you giving up of them ? Girl , if they got or not we can only pray and to assume the worst And if they got ? How will they return ? We don 't have more none than it can to go there and I cannot order that none goes Excuse me Kate , Tolerate Calm Calm Kate I am on his / her side My God , Oh my god Kate , will go by that I caught you Ok We are almost there We will go by that Kate . We can make that O.k. Feel the device Of way any , I will make that I need activate him / it Ei , Ei , With license Where this taking this helicopter ? Yellowstone Yellowstone ? That is an area no classified for flights Listen to friend , has two people arrested there and I go bring them the any price This telling me that do you prefer to do that ? As wants gentleman , excuse We go fast or else they will stay here Yes I am working in that Yes , a to screech this taking the helicopter I don 't know who is didn 't know that it George taught me Inside of the park Can certain fly ? I am not just accustomed to a helicopter as that How many hours of flight do you have ? some 200 Ei , ei Already leave that helicopter you no this authorized to do that flight Go down me there You will never get the clothes won 't support We don 't have ourselves choice Ok , you have one minute , then I pull you of turn Ok Care Kate Kate you this almost there Kate this working ? Of me some seconds Stop hurrying we are being without time Ok , here goes Continue climbing We go , we go We will leave of here You this well ? Yes . Does this with yours radiate certain ? You this crazy one ? doesn 't have anybody to 50 miles We were guided from the base ties here On the one what this speaking ? Meidei , meidei We are not in a ship Alone Alone , or what is That is strange ... I am here ... with Charlie Young ... we are in the caldera knows , has something that wanted say for you already make some time Actually there is something that would like to do There they are , you went by them No , I saw , I already have them Ei Haul you 4 MONTHS LATER 4 MONTHS LATER Is it so beautiful , not ? 4 MONTHS LATER Still more because it is not a window Will you tell the one what saying went go ? Honestly I don 't know Difficult to say the times knows , you didn 't tell me how it finished his / her tragic one other you You knew that we would survive I don 't know if will tell me But some thing you knew If it is for close time enough I will say Is it her ? sounds as a threat Ei , Ei you Hi Father And as for you two Will they be for close ? I don 't know as telling that Charlie But , not . I don 't go Actually he wants to catch some action in the highway And as for their plans for the university ? Do you know ? I think will change mine career for vulcanologista do you want to say that liked the lava in the hair ? No , there is a programmed eruption for when , in 60.000 years ? seems exciting enough sounds very pleasant that . And which is his / her first stop ? I think Waka-Maui Ah , New Zealand Legal What finds Charlie A trip New Zealand ? Good I would avoid to go , in the honeymoon with my second marry Do second marry ? ahã . How many wives had Charlie I will say that , if it goes an independent marriage I will say You no this ready one for to ask me in marriage Charlie You no this ready one also If it depended on you , I would die in a global catastrophe first . If it was not for me we would be dead now Oh no , if it was not for me All of us would be dead now knows I should have avoided to enter with you in the lava when I had chance Ah , I saw magma lake , magma camera , Electromagnetic Magma , yes ! Translation and legend of the audio
