 Previously on Warehouse 13 ... You are allowed to reveal the true nature of our work to one person . I was insubordinate . I drew my gun on Mrs. Frederic , and she fired me . We answer to a higher authority . These are the Regents . Phil ! You are the Guardian now . I want you to meet my partner . Mom . You can 't be a Regent ! Okay ? You 're my mom . My mom can 't be a Regent . How can my mom be a Regent and not have told me ? I 'm sorry , Pete . Just calm down and let me explain . Okay , fine , explain . Explain why you didn 't tell me . I wanted to tell you , Pete , but I- - But you didn 't , so I went on living my life on some kind of need-to-know basis . No , it wasn 't like that . It was a lot more complicated . Peter , please sit down . I can 't concentrate on what- - Fine . I 'm sorry , darling . I will explain it all . Just let me start at the beginning . Some other time , Jane . A time when the Warehouse isn 't under attack and someone isn 't trying to kill you . Arthur 's researching the company that funded your mercenary , A to Z Technologies . We are not equipped for military action , yet it would seem we 're at war . A to Z Technologies . There 's something about that name . I have a very bad feeling about it . You what ? You what ? You have a feeling ? You mean like--like- - like my kind of feeling ? You get vibes too ? Oh , jeez Louise . Do I know anything about you at all ? Peter , please . Irene , I can 't put my finger on it , but that name is familiar to me and important . Okay , just- - just tell me this . If the Regents hadn 't been attacked , would you ... Or you ... Have ever told me ? Yeah . That 's- - that 's what I thought . He needs time , Irene . We don 't have any time , Jane . Jason . I 'm just running to the store . Oh , don 't forget to stop at the dry cleaners . Okay , I 'll be back in an hour . Whoa , what was that ? Jason , the car won 't start . Jason ? Jason ? ♪ Warehouse 13 3x09 ♪ Shadows Original Air Date on September 12 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = No , I 'm not gonna leave it alone because you still haven 't answered my question , Artie . Why did you fire Steve ? Look , someone is picking off the Regents one by one . We just can 't sit here and do nothing . I didn 't fire Steve . Mrs. Frederic did . And we are not doing nothing . Leena and I are fortifying the warehouse , and regent security is investigating . Well , there 's obviously more to this than you 're telling me . Steve pulled a gun on Mrs. Frederic ? - We have to find- - - Enough ! Let this go , both of you . We have a ping . A man in Portland , he vanished from his driveway yesterday in a brilliant flash of light , and I am sending the two of you . We can 't work a case right now . Artie , I just lost my partner . You can 't expect me to just dive back into a case without getting some answers . Silence ! This is not snag , bag , and nag . When I say go , you go . Now , march ! Not you . Stay . Go back to your bed . Yes . See , why can 't they all be like you ? Hey . You , uh ... Wanna talk ? I know how hard it must be for you to find out about your mom like that . I--I can 't imagine if it was me . Well ... You might feel like an idiot . And you might feel like you never really knew your own mother . She 's your mom , Pete . Of course you know her . I mean , I even know her a little bit . We did survive a crumbling building together . And I think that she 's a brave , strong , amazing woman who loves you very much . Then why wouldn 't she tell me ? I mean , I 'm a Warehouse Agent . It 's not like I 'm not in on the secret . I don 't know . But she had to have her reasons , right ? Maybe she was trying to protect you . Oh , right . Or maybe my whole life has been one big lie . I 'm just some pawn of the Regents and Mrs. Frederic . Ever since I found out that Sam was killed because of an artifact , I 've started to wonder if we all are . But I 've also started to wonder if it matters . It matters . Are you happy ? That 's not the point , Myka . Because I think you are . And what difference does it make if it 's a part of a master plan or if it 's just dumb luck ? It makes a difference to me . I 've lied to him . Violated his trust . What kind of mother does that ? A good one . It 's not easy for us doing what we do . We keep so many secrets even from our own children . It 's different for you , Irene . Your son isn 't an agent . You knew I didn 't want this for Pete . I was always afraid something like this would happen . We went against my wishes . Jane , he belongs here . You know he does . You raised him for this without even realizing it . He 'll come around . But right now I need for you to concentrate on A to Z Technologies . I 've been trying . If I could just somehow dig out that memory . Of course . Why didn 't I think of that ? Come with me . Okay , so according to Mrs. Kinser , her husband was standing right there when he disappeared in a big flash of light . Anything else ? Clap of thunder ? Poof of smoke ? No , no smoke , but she did say that after the flash her car battery died , the porch lights blew , and the power around the entire block went out for a few seconds . Okay , so what , something magnetic ? Maybe . That draws its energy from the power sources around it . Okay , I 'll call Artie , see if anything pops . Could you do it from the car ? I want to check out that T-shirt shop that Kinser ran downtown . Yeah , okay . Alien abduction . It all fits . The flash of light was the aliens transporting Mr. Kinser to their ship . And the power outage was caused by the surge from their engine boosters . Well , that 's a theory . Viola , right ? Are you the manager ? I 'm the manager . Come on in . Oh , God , Jeff . None of this , none of that . More glitter on that . Wow , looks like glitter 's making a comeback . So Stan says . Thanks to him , I have found it everywhere . You know , I even found some in my vajayjay . Viola ! Kinser laid off half the staff , but I 'm the reason these guys are so efficient . Kinser fired a lot of good artists , and he wasn 't particularly nice about it . Jeff McMasters , Director of Design . So Kinser was tough to work for , huh ? Ugh , he was very business-y . That 's probably why the aliens wanted him . Jason Kinser only cared about the bottom line . He had no respect for the art or the artists . Was there anyone who was particularly upset about the layoffs ? Anyone probably more upset than the others ? They were all pretty postal . Okay , well , listen , we 're gonna need a list of names , and we have to talk to the rest of the employees . Do you think that some of the people Kinser fired were body-snatched ? Maybe . Hey , it 's Brandon . Buzz me in . Look , let me in , will you ? Look , I 'm not mad , all right ? I think I deserve an explanation though . I want to talk face-to-face , all right ? What the hell ? I know you 're up there . I can see you ! I 'm not leaving until you come down and talk to me ! Well , come on ! Come on ! We have another disappearance . There was a second random power outage earlier today . I cross-referenced with missing person reports . A computer programmer called the cops and said his roommate went missing at around the same time . But so far there 's no connection between him and our first victim , Jason Kinser . Probably because the connection is on the alien ship . - What ? - Nothing . Don 't worry . We 're on it . There have to be other ways , less risky ways . Travel back in your memories and watch them ? Oh , yes , hundreds . You 're joking , right ? I 'm very dry . I understand your concern , Agent Nielsen , and I appreciate it . But someone out there is targeting Regents , and so far we have nothing . We have A to Z Technologies . That information is buried deeply in Jane 's memory , unless you 've unearthed some answers . A to A Tech is a shell company within a shell company within another shell company . But I 've managed to trace it to the Cayman Islands where I have a contact who could , if he 's--if he 's still alive , he could possibly ... Okay , fine . But you understand the dangers ? You could get lost in your own memories , and you could wind up trapped there forever . A chance I 'm willing to take . But you won 't have to take it alone . The artifacts dangers can be diminished if there 's another person present , someone to ground you , to pull you back if need be , which is why I 'm going with you . No . I want to go . Into my memories ? Well , it 's my life too . At least I thought it was . You each touch one of the shoes , and , Jane , concentrate on what you wanna see , focus on your question . - A to Z Technologies . - Precisely . The shoe will walk your subconscious to the specific memory you 're seeking . Keep in mind that you 'll be observers only . You won 't be able to interact with anyone . You won 't be able to change the past . What 's so dangerous then ? Going back through old memories , sometimes the urge to stay is overwhelming . And that would result in a permanent split . That 's why you have to be there to pull her back . We don 't want our energies to interfere , but we 'll be close by . Whoa . It 's the house . We 're--we 're really at the house . Hey , it 's my BMX bike . Wrecked it when I was 13 . Doug Beam and I made that ramp . Oh , my God , Doug Beam . I wonder what he 's doing now . I can 't believe it . It 's exactly the same . This doesn 't have anything to do with A to Z Technologies . I shouldn 't have let you come . This isn 't where I 'm supposed to be . Yeah , well , maybe it 's where I 'm supposed to be . I 'm gonna go see dad . Oh , no , it 's not this day . Pete , wait ! I 'm so sorry , Pete . I know something 's wrong because we were supposed to meet at the David Lynch Festival , and Brandon never misses David Lynch . Do you know where he was before you were supposed to meet him ? Yeah , he was picking this girl up that he 's been dating . It 's pretty serious , this was the third date . He was gonna turn her on to Eraserhead . Anyway , I tried calling her , and she didn 't pick up either . Do you know this girl ? No , but I 've heard about her . A lot about her . And by " a lot " you mean ? She 's got golden hair that smells like grapefruits . These sexy , spooky Lolita eyes . This rockin ' bod that makes him just wanna- - A lot , got it . You get a name with that vivid description ? Megan . Megan Reese . I know that name . That name I think is on the list of former employees . Megan Reese used to work for Jason Kinser . Dots , thou have been connected . So I guess the landlady didn 't see anything , but she definitely heard Brandon out here caterwauling the other day . Caterwauling ? Yeah , her word , not mine . I like the way it rolls off the tongue though . Well , the neighbors reported that there was a power outage right about the same time that Brandon would have disappeared . And that 's Megan 's apartment , right ? Ugh , what do you wanna be we find her dead mother in a rocking chair up there ? I think I like the alien idea better . Claudia . What is it ? I don 't know , but it looks familiar . Mrs. Kinser reported that there was a flash of light , her porch lights blew , and her car battery died , right ? I could have been caused by something like an electromagnetic pulse . I 've seen this before in photos of the aftermath of Hiroshima . There were impressions , almost shadows of the victims that were left after the bombs fell . But Jason Kinser was in the middle of his yard , so there was no place to see a shadow . Right . Are we saying that whatever happened to Brandon might- - Might be something nuclear . Oh , Megan Reese . Late with her rent . Won 't come out , won 't let me in . I can 't even get the handyman in there to fix the pipes . Can 't say I 'm sorry you 're here . This looks like as good a time as any to tell her to pack up her things and skedaddle . Ma 'am , now might not be the best time- - Come on , Rapunzel , open up ! You 're in a truckload of trouble . Go away ! Leave me alone ! See ? See that ? You 're this close to eviction , missy . Get away from here ! Get away from the door ! Hey , it 's my door ! Ma 'am , leave . Now . Megan , Secret Service , open up ! Go away , please . Just go away . We can 't do that , Megan . Open the door . No ! Go away before it 's too late . If you don 't , I will kill you too just like the others . I warned you . And now you 're gonna die . Watch out ! Okay , Megan . All right , it 's okay . We 're just , uh- - we 're gonna put these away . All right ? Myka , what are you doing ? We 're still here . No one died . Yet . Megan , just give us the artifact . What are you talking about ? The object you 're using to kill people , whatever it is . There 's no object . It 's me . Every time I get upset , people explode . I 'm cursed . I 'm a monster . You 're not a monster . Just go away please . Don 't you understand ? I am gonna kill you . - Please ! - Myka ! Okay . Okay , look , just calm down , all right ? We 're stepping away . It 's okay . Myka , what the frak ? She doesn 't want to hurt us , Claudia . She doesn 't even know what the artifact is . Artifactus unconscious ? She 's not in control of it . Yeah , but you heard her . People get whammied whenever she gets upset . And if you haven 't noticed , our being here is making her very upset . Right , so we 'll just figure out whatever the artifact is- - Without getting flash-fried ? Oh , fun . Claudia , look , the girl is in trouble . Fine , but if her hair starts blowing around like Firestarter , we 're outta here . You still need to eat . Oh , God , my Jeannie . Can I get you something ? I can 't now . I can 't believe he 's gone . She can 't see us , can she ? I won 't go through this again . Mom . Mom , look at you . It 'll get better , Pete . It will . Lattimer ! Even Ralph Brunsky was nice to me that day . Mrs. Frederic ? Hey , what are you doing here ? I thought this was only a two passenger- - Mrs. Frederic was here ? She knew me my whole life ? Jane , I 'm so sorry . We all are . What ? Tell me . It wasn 't a fire ? An artifact killed him ? No , there was no artifact . He was a firefighter , a very brave one . Then why are you here ? To extend our condolences . And to ask you to come back . The Warehouse needs you . There 's a situation right here in town that- - No . No . Thank you for coming , Irene . God , I wish I could laugh like that again . Listen , whatever this is , the freakness , it can mess you up , but believe me there is a way back , and we 're gonna find it . What makes you so sure ? Because I 've been there . I doubt it . You 'd be surprised . There 's nothing . Megan , when did this start ? A couple months ago back in Indiana . I got mugged . This guy grabbed me . I got away . And then all the lights just blew out . He was gone . Then it happened to my boyfriend . We got in this big fight . He shoved me . And I got mad and then- - I came here so I could get away from it . But you couldn 't ? No , I did . I did . It was okay . I--I got a new job at the T-shirt shop , and I met Brandon . But then this woman rear-ended me , and she was yelling . And then my boss fired me for being late . And then Brandon got mad at me . Come on ! What am I- - What am I gonna do ? Megan , Megan , keep it together . Don 't melt down . The yearbook . It 's the yearbook . Megan . Bag it ! Don 't suppose you 've seen any aliens , have you ? There is no such thing as just a Regent . You 're instincts have provided an invaluable perspective . Stop . I left all that behind when I had children of my own . You think that 's gonna change now ? So did dad know ? Of course , he was my one . Of all the days to come here . I wouldn 't have but we 're facing a difficult decision , the kind you 've always been helpful with . Warehouses have gotten along just fine without me for millennia . But always with people like you . Jane ... We need your particular expertise . There 's a child . At least consider it . I 'll be in touch . Wow . So not just a Regent , but a Super Regent . Man , if I 'd have known I 'd have got you a mug that said , " World 's Greatest Secret Overlord . " Mom ! You 'd just break it like all the others . Maybe--maybe the artifact isn 't here . It 's me . People are dying around me . I 'm the problem . Wait a minute , no , no , no , no . You were nowhere near your boss when he died . Right , when your boss disappeared , you were here . Could she have contacted an artifact elsewhere and still be affected by it ? The T-shirt shop . That 's the only thing that makes sense . We need to go there , and you have to come with us . Oh , no , I 'm not leaving here . Oh , no , you could be a big help . You know , maybe something about being there could spark some- - oh , wow . Bad choice of words . Anyway . Stop right there . Where do you think you 're going ? - Keep her away . - Ma 'am , go back inside . Keep here away from me ! Keep me away from you ? You 're two weeks late on your rent . Ma 'am , go back inside for your own protection . Don 't talk to me that way . I know my rights . Don 't make me angry ! I 'm throwing you out ! - I killed her . - No , Megan- - I killed her . No , no , no , no , Megan ! Claudia , wait . In this state she could kill us both . What ? The angle of the shadow . I mean , the flash must have come from that direction to cast a shadow on the sign this way , but Megan was standing over there . So artifact that way ? You try and find Megan , talk her down . I 'm gonna check this out . Yeah , you got it . Oh , my God , I remember this . Oh , you couldn 't possibly know- - Wait , wait , wait , wait . Wait for it . Yo , mom , watch this . That was my best move , and I got nothing out of you . Nothing . You did it a lot . Changing grape juice to milk doesn 't make it new . I was trying to cheer you up . Hello ? Jane , have you had time to consider our invitation ? The matter I mentioned needs to be resolved rather quickly . Who 's that ? No one , sweetheart . Eat your lunch . Tell me more . You were taking secret Regent calls in front of me ? All right , I 'm on my way . You 're gonna have to finish lunch without me , Petey . Okay , I 'll be back in time to make dinner . Why ? Where are you going ? It 's a gorgeous day . Call Ralph Brunksy . Walter , lunch in ten minutes . Okay . - Some swing . - Thanks . Must be the star of your team . I guess so . Coach says I could even go pro someday . But coach says stuff like that a lot . You sound like a practical man . What else are you interested in ? Got any hobbies ? Do I know you ? Do you live around here ? Just taking a walk . Here you go . Well , that looked important . Pete . You know better than anyone the delicate nature of dealing with artifacts . There 's always a downside . That boy had an ability he shouldn 't have . Taking it away was a heart-wrenching decision . What 's the big deal ? The kid wouldn 't go pro . Was it really worth lying to us ? You know the truth now . It doesn 't matter now . I was 12 years old , and all I knew then was that you were keeping secrets and I felt left out . We all have things we have to do , and I had to do this . You know I couldn 't tell you . No , I don 't know . After dad died , why couldn 't I have been your one ? So I ask myself , where would I run to in the middle of the city if I wanted to get as far away as possible from anyone I could hurt ? Keep telling you , we 're a lot alike . You vaporize people with your mind a lot , do you ? I definitely have the " Make people disappear " curse . I recently lost a- - a really good friend . He didn 't , like , die or anything , but he 's just gone . Not exactly the same . I have a boyfriend in the Witness Protection program . Impressive . But still ... My brother disappeared into an inter-dimensional bubble . What ? Took me 12 years to get him back . Fine . You 're cursed too . Congratulations . Thank you . Maybe we should start a support group called the Arms Length Club . I don 't think so . The Ten-Foot Pole Society . Nice . Better . Sorry . It 's been a while since I could just talk to someone . Claude , did you find Megan ? Safe and sound . We 're bonding over our ability to repel people . Well , I don 't think Megan 's causing this . Somehow this thing can shoot radiation from a distance . Listen , I 'm on the roof , and I found glitter up here . So it 's probably somebody from the T-shirt shop . But it happened here in Portland and back in Indiana . Well , then they had to follow you . The yearbook . Ah-ha . Hey , Claude , look . Jeff McMasters . Okay , we interviewed him at the shop . Megan , he went to school with you . I hardly knew that kid . Look , Megan , he 's in a lot of your pictures . And he 's staring at you . Looks like you have a stalker . Megan , if this guy is willing to kill for you , then--then your life is in danger too . The way that the stalker mentality works , you probably had some kind of exchange with him in high school , something that meant nothing to you but that meant the world to him . Ever since , he 's been fixated on you . And now he has an artifact , and he 's using it to kill whoever he thinks is a threat to you . Probably thinks he 's doing it to protect you . Protect me ? He 's killing people and wrecking my life . And we 're going to make him stop . But first we need to find whatever it is that he 's using , and to do that , well , we 're gonna need your help . Hey , it 's Artie and MacPherson before he went all dark lord , I guess . We 've changed that boy 's life forever . No , we returned it to its natural course . I only hope we did it in time . The downside of that artifact would have been far worse that its upside . Okay , so if being a Regent is that hard , how did Mrs. Frederic convince you to go back ? She didn 't . Your father did . Come on . You ever see a dead body ? Why you wanna go ask that ? You did . Is it cool ? Really isn 't . Any of the guys you ever work with die ? Well , um ... Yeah . It happens . I don 't think I want you to be a firefighter anymore . Pete . You 're a big man , and I never want to lie to you . It 's a dangerous job , and sometimes bad things happen . Sometimes things happen that I 'm not gonna want to talk about 'cause they 're gross . Nah , it isn 't the fun kinda gross like you think . But what I 'm doing out there , I 'm doing it for you . I 'm doing it for your sister and your mom . 'Cause if me and guys like me don 't do this job , the whole town could burn down . Guys like me make a choice , Pete , to be the ones that keep the world safe . Even if that means it takes us away from the ones we love . But it 's because of that love that we do it . I wanna be that kinda guy too . You are that kinda guy . All right , one more . We should go now . No , no , I wanna stay awhile . Peter , it 's time to go . Mom . Pete , it 's all right . No , look , mom , when I found out about this , I guess I thought being a Regent was more important to you than I was . I was a Regent because nothing is more important to me than you are . You and your sister . And I had nothing to do with you becoming an agent either . You did that . I was against it . Wait , what ? Why ? Nothing . Never mind . No , Mom , I wanna know . Oh , Peter , you were always taking unnecessary risks . Oh , my God , this is like when I asked if I could go out for football , and you were like , " Peter , you 're gonna get hurt out there . " I should never have let you read all those comic books . Hi . Jeff . - It 's Megan . - I know . Believe me , I know . I was starting to wonder if you remembered my name . What ? Yes , I do . Well , it 's just , you haven 't said anything since that time you got Murphy and his morons to leave me alone . On that field trip ? Field trip , right . So that 's why you 've been protecting me . I thought after you had a reason to stay away , so I followed your lead . I hope I did the right thing . Sure . You did just right . It 's so cool to finally be talking like this , to talk to you at all . How are you doing it , Jeff ? I mean , how are you making people just go away ? Come here . When I found these , I knew it was a sign . Why are you talking to me now ? What are you looking at ? Jeff , listen to me . Just put down the bag . - We 're not gonna hurt you . - You lied to me ! No , I didn 't . No , I didn 't lie . You don 't remember anything ! After all I 've done for you , you bring them here ? No ! Megan ! Megan ! Come on , come on . After all this time , all those secret glances you gave me , what , you decided you 're done with me now ? Stop it ! The artifact 's in his bag , so keep your eyes out for it . Legitimate question . If he 's toting a radiation-shooting artifact , do we risk our Teslas ? Jeff ? Listen , nobody else needs to get hurt . We can find a way out of this . Myka ! Stay away ! This is between me and her ! Myka , look out ! Hey . Are you okay ? He 's coming . You 're gonna pay for having lied to me , Megan ! And your friends are gonna pay too ! All the doors are locked . You can 't get out . I told you to stay away . You want me , Jeff ? I 'm right here . I loved you , Megan . Ahh ! You okay ? Yeah . Hey , you did good . The binoculars belonged to the pilot of the plane that dropped the bomb on Hiroshima . He saw the blast through them , and they absorbed the horror of that moment . Right , so when Jeff found them and looked through them , all his emotions , his rage just set them off . So you were never actually cursed . I 'm guessing you weren 't really cursed either . Now , see , that 's just crazy talk , because I 'm so totally cursed . I mean , right ? Look , thanks . For everything . I hope you hear back from your best friend . - Bye . - Bye , Megan . I 'm gonna make a call . - Claude . - Yep ? Say hi for me . - Mm-hmm . Well , it 's like when you wouldn 't let me grate the celery for the Thanksgiving- - And we were nibbling on fingers as a result . Bad example . Did you find anything ? I did , but I may have messed up what mom was looking for . Don 't be so sure . Artie , where is Collodi 's bracelet shelved ? Collodi 's bracelet ? James and I bagged that , what , 30 years ago . I know . You were so cute . Carlo Collodi wrote the original story of Pinocchio . For the most part he was an angry , bitter satirist . In the original one , the little cricket tries to tell Pinocchio what to do . He flattens him with a hammer . Here . It was made out of the strings of a marionette . It belonged to Collodi . I think it fell into the hands of a young boy . Named Walter Sykes . The bracelet gave him control of his own body , enabling him to walk . But it would have planted a seed of darkness in his soul . Aztec . A to Z Technologies . That 's what I was remembering . That young boy is now the man who is attacking us . Walter Sykes . The guardian that now wears the shackle is under watch 24 / 7 . I don 't see any way to get to her . No need to . Jane Lattimer and I are gonna be getting together very soon . I 'm looking forward to it . And meeting her son . There 's one more road I need you to go down though , Marcus . Steve Jinks . Stukowski was right , he 's vulnerable . Yeah . Find a way to get to him . Yes , sir . Could you get that book over there for me , Marcus ? Oh , that 's Lok Archer . He used to be a Regent . He isn 't anymore . But his last act was quite helpful to us . Recently I 've come across some useful information . You know , not destroying the shackle was disappointing . But fortunately , there 's another way . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
