 This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the system . We are going to survive . We are going to make it home . The ship came here for a reason . Destiny is powered by the stars themselves . He and Young are bumping heads . Not sure which camp is the better choice . We pretend nothing happened . We need to be ready for the next encounter . For the sake of the crew . For the sake of the crew . The convulsions have stopped , but he 's unresponsive . He 's in a deep catatonic state . This is Scott , Sir . We are in a bit of a pickle down here . We haven 't found any other sort of exit or access to ground level . We 've got less than half an hour . We 're not going to make it . They just jumped . God be with you , Colonel . All of you . Colonel Young ? We 're all here . I 'm on my way . Dr. Rush has just confirmed that our current FTL jump will take us between galaxies . Which means it could take some time before we are able to make another Gate connection to replenish our supplies . Strict food and water rationing will be reinstated as of now . It also means that any hope of rescuing Chloe Armstrong , Eli Wallace , or Lt. Matthew Scott is ... Colonel Young , would you please join me in the control interface room ? I 'll be right there . That is all . I 've figured out why the ship 's been trying to conserve power . We 're going to fall short . Short of what ? Our destination . No matter how I do the sums , and how I try and conserve power , Destiny won 't make it across the void . We just passed through a star . We should be recharged . Yes , we did , but like everything else on this ship , Destiny 's FTL drive and power reserves are nowhere near 100 % . The database says the ship barely made the last intergalactic jumps . Recent battle damage couldn 't have helped . But if the ship realizes that it can 't , why is it trying ? It 's programmed to follow a predetermined path . Since we haven 't managed to take control of the ship , our presence is secondary to that . Destiny will drift the rest of the way , but our bones will be dust by then . What do we do ? I 'm open to suggestions . How much will we fall short ? 50,000 light years , give or take . A few percent of the total . What if we can increase the FTL drive 's efficiency ? Work better with the same amount of power . Five percent would do it , actually . We don 't know how the engines work . We could make things worse . Mr. Brody 's right . Am I the only one here who thinks we shouldn 't screw around with ancient drive technology without a clue about what we 're doing ? We 'll bring someone that does . I can think of two or three people . - Who 's the best ? - Amanda Perry . She was part of the team helping to design the next generation of hyperdrives . There 's no one better qualified . Let 's make that happen . Let 's get her on board . For all her abilities , there are certain disabilities of which you should be made aware . For how long ? Potentially several weeks . Of course , there 'll be someone to assist with the day to day things . She requires a respirator in order to breathe . Obviously , there 's going to be some kind of adjustment . Will I be able to see my family ? They 've got clearance . Then I 'll do it , Sir . Lieutenant ? You all right ? Mandy ... God , I 'm really here , aren 't i ? You sure are . It takes a moment to get used to the transfer . You 're telling me . I 'm sorry , Sir . I couldn 't do it . Just leave her . Leave her . So Lieutenant James had trouble getting used to the ventilator . I 'll be fine . Fix the ship . Ms. Wray ? Take all the time you need to adjust . This is Mary . She 'll be your helper while you 're here . She 'll also brief you on how to cope with your host 's disabilities . Afterwards , Dr. Strom was hoping to see you ... I 'm going home . I couldn 't do it . Yeah , I know . I heard . It 's okay . No , it isn 't . I let him down . The Colonel ? Listen , he 's the last person that ... I recognize you . As I was saying , this is the mess hall , one of the places you probably want to try and avoid . What are those ? They 're a kind of fruit we collected from a planet we visited recently . May I try one ? I 'll warn you , most people find these rather bitter . Most people spit them right back out . This is the first food I 've been able to feed myself since I was nine . TJ , this is Young . Have you seen Rush ? He turned his damn radio off . I think I 've gotten you in trouble . They 're on their way now , Sir . I took my vacation time . All of it ? We have a lot of lost time to make up for . You got rid of the ugly chair . You can do better than that . Five or six percent would do it . That 's the thought . The problem is how to do that without any access to the ship 's core systems . Or for that matter , any knowledge of how they work in the first place . I 'm just saying . Show her everything you 've got . Nicholas ? It 's me again . We came out of FTL . Something 's happened to the ship . I promise to get to everyone , but I need anyone who has a potential head injury or internal trauma to move to the front of the line . Don 't be shy . Put us to work . Anyone who 's shaky , don 't take any chances . - The quiet could be in the worst shape . - What about you ? I 'm fine . Go . Are we under attack or not ? - It was a malfunction . - No sign of any hostile ships in range . Not that I can tell , anyway . - What happened , then ? - An explosion in the FTL drive . - We 're adrift . - Why ? - An overload ? - It could be anything . - Can we access the engine ? - Not without a space suit . Most of the ship 's unpressurized . Best to check the damage from outside . - I can fly a kino pretty well . - Get to it . You two monitor from here . I 'll use the stones to report this . Mandy , are you sure you 're all right ? For a second there , I was back on Earth in a strange house , back in my own body again . The link is temporarily severed when we go in and out of FTL . I 'm sorry , we weren 't expecting that to happen . I 'm fine . - What do you remember ? - I was walking , then I was somewhere else , and I don 't know how I got there . Then the explosion happened . So the lapse happened before ? Sometimes concussions can cause short-term memory loss and confusion . We 'll keep you here tonight , make sure it 's nothing more serious . He was on the floor . I couldn 't tell if he was hurt or not . Put him over here , guys . Franklin ? This is Volker . Are you getting pictures ? Yeah , we see it . So is there anything I need to worry about ? I 've been with Amanda a long time . We 'll monitor her blood pressure , and there 's a few other things I need to show you that just come with the territory , and she 'll be fine . I 'm sorry , it 's just I 'm new to all this . You 'll be fine too . - What 's happening ? - Incoming wormhole . This is Rush . We have an incoming wormhole . Sgt. Greer , meet me in the Gate room with a defense team . I need everybody out of here ! That won 't be necessary , Sergeant . Don 't shoot ! - Stand down ! - Told you . I didn 't expect to see you again either . You weren 't expecting to see us ? Didn 't you guys figure out a way for us to dial in ? I joined a book club . It 's supposed to be all women , but there are a few enlightened young men who stop by and claim to have an interest in 19th century chick-lit . Can we concentrate on eating right now ? Sorry . You know what , why don 't I do that ? We 'll be fine . One at a time . Got it . This isn 't freaking you out , is it ? You 're here . That 's all that matters . Here . We were pretty much resigned to the fact that we were stuck out there . Talk about feeling like a third wheel . On the second night , the kino remote just lit up . I guess I just thought you guys must 've figured something out . We dialed back , - and here we are . - I didn 't think it was possible to miss this bucket . Do you people realize you just scared the crap out of us ? - Sorry , sir . - You 're forgiven . - Are they going to live ? - Looks like it . - It couldn 't have been all that bad . - That 's good . Because if we don 't get the FTL drive fixed , that 's where we 'll all be going . - Really ? - Really , Eli . I 'm sorry , but I 'm going to have to put you right back to work . Welcome back . How 's he doing ? Same , but something changed since we got stuck . Doesn 't he look different to you ? Maybe . It 's like he 's in there , and he knows exactly what 's going on , but his brain and his body just aren 't connected anymore . I don 't know . I talked to Rush , and he says I 'm probably just imagining it . Maybe I am . I mean , I haven 't slept in I don 't even know ... - Why ? - I keep having the same bad dream . I am stuck in a dark room , but I 'm not me , and I can 't get out . Are you claustrophobic ? Little bit . Maybe it 's some weird phantom memory from your switch with Dr. Perry . Hey , math boy , Got those calculations I was asking about ? Done . Please don 't call me that . I know what that 's like . Nick called me " Little Miss Brilliant " a couple of times , and it stuck . Nicholas . We were colleagues back at SGC a couple of years before Icarus . He used to like to bounce ideas off of me when working on that ancient proof that you ended up solving . Congratulations , by the way . Look where it got me . I would do anything to be here . Anyway , after Nick 's wife passed away , we used to have these long talks about his work and my work , the Ancients , ascension . It was like he didn 't even see the chair . I tried calling him " Mr. Brilliant " a few times , but I don 't think he ever got the hint . You had a thing ? For him ? What 's wrong with that ? I just find it kind of surprising . Why , because a disabled person can 't have feelings for someone ? Because you were talking about him . Thanks for this . Sure ... You 've got something ? Dr. Perry 's concluded that the explosion may be to our advantage . How ? There was an overload . One that probably shouldn 't have happened because the system is incredibly robust with more safeguards than I can count , but it happened , and as with most overloads , It happened in the weakest link . The FTL drive is made up of 16 separate modules . The one that blew up was the weakest link - because it was the least efficient . - The ship can fly on the other drives ? Even better than that . Without the worn-out drive bringing down overall efficiency , Destiny should be able to make it across the void . That 's great work . I wouldn 't pat anyone on the back just yet . We still need to isolate and bypass the damage . With no access to the core systems , It has to be done manually . Or ... Or what ? The robot we found . We think it might be able to do some , or maybe all of the repairs . I 've already programmed rudimentary instructions to begin the repairs . Scott , this is Young . Eli and Dr. Perry have a shuttle mission to brief you on . Copy that , sir , I 'm on my way . What are the odds ? That this is going to work ? Fair to middling . Time 's an issue . There is another option . The Chair . If we can gain access to the core systems , we can bypass that damaged section in a single command . Tell you what , if it comes right down to it , I 'll sit in the thing myself . Getting into position now . Opening rear hatch . Okay , we 're good . Here we go . Come in . I 'd like permission to join the team going through the Stargate to the planet . Scott 's going . He 's a little busy flying the shuttle right now . He 's already on his way back . So is this how it 's going to be ? Maybe I 'd like to see where I might have to raise our child . If the ship isn 't fixed by then . Maternal instincts , I guess . Permission granted . Thanks . I 'll be careful . Lt. Scott found fresh water due East of the Stargate . It 'll be your first stop . We should check out as much land as possible in case we end up having to live there . Send it . You know , we just came from there . This is a waste of time . It 's standard procedure . If you ask me , sometimes you military people are a little too ... Holy crap ! - Did you see that ? - I saw . Shut it down . Looks like they found your camp . - Can they get through the Stargate ? - Not without a remote . Lucky we weren 't still there , or they 'd have one . Either way , we 're cut off . We have to fix the ship . You know , I could just go to the corner store . We need a decent grocery shopping . We 're almost out of everything . I shouldn 't be long . I 'll be right back . I could 've gone . I wanted her to get out of the house . Even if it 's just for an hour . That 's it . You 've done it . That isolates the drive . That was the easy part . We 'll start on the bypass in the morning , okay ? You guys don 't do much for fun around here , do you ? There is Mr. Brody 's still . You have a still ? Come and see . So I 'm in a room , but I 'm not me . What do you see ? Nothing . Blackness , But I know that I am not alone . What if it isn 't a dream ? - Thank you , Mr. Brody . - Cheers . - Thanks . - Now , be careful . This stuff has only one redeeming quality . We make do with what we have , right ? Speaking of , how are you managing without your coffee ? I must admit , that 's been one of the most difficult things about being stuck up here . The hardships . I think " insanity " is the proper word . There and back again . I 've even had dreams about the stuff . For years after my accident , I had dreams that I could walk . I remember you telling me that . And then I get to do this , and it 's ... It 's all happening . God , it 's like a dream come true . - But we have to fix your ship . - We do . And then I 'll have to wake up . Sir ? I think ... I think I was the one who damaged the ship . I 'm starting to notice that redeeming quality you were talking about . You 'll have to ask yourself if it was worth it in the morning . - Can I ask you something ? - Sure . After your wife passed away , and we 'd have those long talks , did you have any clue how I felt about you ? I thought you felt sorry for me . I guess I thought the same about you at first . I thought you were absolutely brilliant . Remember I used to call you - Little Miss Brilliant ... - Just forget about that . I could never be sorry about that . Good night . Would you like to come in ? I 'm sorry , darling , I 'm sorry . I can 't do this . - Why ? - I just , I can 't do this . It 's me . I think we both know it 's a bit more complicated than that . The word is " insane " . But this is also a once in a lifetime chance for me . Mandy ... You know , probably better than anyone , how I was when Gloria passed away . I recently experienced something that made me go through it all again . More than a dream . As real as this is to you now , and I can tell myself that it 's been years all I like . But in my heart It 's just happened again . Well , at least this time ... I can do this . Sorry ... What is it ? The Colonel needs to see you in the interface room right away . - Both of you . - Is everything all right ? No , it 's about to hit the fan again . Let 's go . You were gone for hours ! I know , I 'm sorry . I locked my keys in the car ... I thought you had gotten into an accident . I imagined you being taken away by an ambulance ! Camile , I 'm sorry ! My imagination just went ... I know what it 's like to wait for someone you love to come home . I 'm here now . I know . Mary ? I don 't know what 's happening . I 'm just going to elevate her legs above her heart to stabilize . You 're doing fine , just try and stay calm . We were just talking , and then she ... I don 't know . - What 's going on ? - She 's going to be okay . Lieutenant James left the comm room without wiping her imprint off of the stone . It got knocked onto the table , and nobody noticed . We think that in that opportunity , an alien might have taken advantage , used the stones , and sabotaged our FTL drive . She told me she blacked out around the time of the explosion . I thought it was post-concussion syndrome . Mystery solved . I don 't see how it changes anything . What part don 't you get ? - They know we 're here . - Yeah , they already did . Without a tracking device , they can 't know where we 've dropped out of FTL . He 's right . The void is unimaginably huge . They can 't know our location . Unless the alien who took over James 's body managed to broadcast it . Like a subspace message , you mean . Or the alien figured out our position before the explosion and took it back with them . - How would it know how ... - They sabotaged the ship . How did they know how to do that ? He 's right . That 's it , then . They 're coming . I 'm so sorry . Don 't be silly . I brought this on myself . Forgive the intrusion . Come on in . Colonel Young used the stones to report . Dr. Perry may have to return to her body in the next several hours . We think it 's best that she returns to an Air Force facility . - We 'll say our goodbyes . - I 'll wait outside . Let 's go ! This is Young . While repairs to the ship are still days from being complete , despite our best efforts , we believe an attack will happen at any moment . Shields will not withstand a sustained bombardment . This time , we will not be able to jump to FTL . Neither can we escape through the Stargate . Lieutenant Scott will be in charge of our ship 's defenses . Follow his orders as you would mine . If boarded , Sergeant Greer will coordinate the strike teams , but everyone will have to join in our defense . We 'll give them a good fight . When the time comes , don 't wait too long . It 'll be okay . I want you there to talk me through it . This is all my fault . I panicked . The Chair ... They 're here , Sir . Tell me what to do . We 've managed to isolate the damaged module from the rest . Command the ship to enter FTL on the remaining drives ... How the hell do I do that ? First you have to sit in the Chair . Wait ! Dr. Franklin just spoke . Something about the Chair . What about it ? That 's all he said , but I think he knows what 's going on , and he was trying to say it should be him . You can 't know . No , Sir , but I really think that ... - We 're under attack . I 'm gonna do this . - She might be right . I can 't ask a man to sacrifice his life . He 's already been through it . His brain will have the time to heal . - We don 't have time for this ! - Which is why it should be him . At least give him the choice . This ship is under attack . If someone doesn 't go back , sit in the Chair and help the repairs , the ship 's going to be taken . We 're all going to be taken . Do you understand what we are asking you to do ? Fire on the smallest ships . They 're going to try and board us . Go back to your team . The temperature 's dropping fast . Any idea why ? I don 't know . This is something new . Go . Something 's happening . Sergeant , keep an eye on that door . Dammit ! We 're about to be boarded right on top of your position . Copy that . - I thought you were ... - The FTL drive is powering up . Does this mean you fixed the ship ? Camile ? No , it 's me again . Don 't you hate that ? What 's our status ? The damaged section of the ship has been bypassed . The FTL drive has increased efficiency . It looks like we 're going to make it across . We did it . Yes , we did . And now it 's time to go . It 's not a very nice thing to say , but I do hope you need my help again . I 'm not above arranging that , you know . Welcome back , Camile . Anything happen ? You 'd know better than I would . I was watching a closed door . - Did it stay closed ? - Yes , Sir .
