 Previously on Fringe ... All right . I--I know exactly what I 'm doing . You had your evaluation with Dr. Sumner last night . He called me with some concerns . It is important that you be completely honest with me so that I can make recommendation for your continued care ... Whatever that may be . I don 't want to be recommitted . I can 't go back there . - What are you seeing ? - A young man . We have a problem . It is impossible . He was erased . And yet traces of him continue to bleed through . Walter--does he look like this ? I-I 've been seeing him in my dreams for the past three weeks . If we 're both seeing the same man , he must be real . We have to find him ! Hi , Olivia . Hey . Did I just step on a peanut ? You 're lucky that I convinced him not to use shrimp . Olivia , how nice of you to visit . Well , technically , I 'm not really visiting , because I-I work here . Oh , of course . Hey , Walter , why don 't you show Olivia what you 're doing ? Oh , I want to capture the apparition that 's been haunting us on film . I have the power of 28 cameras going here . Walter , if you think that it 's possible to capture him on film , why didn 't you just use a single video camera ? I believe the apparition may be out of phase with our reality . And for that reason , he is not visible from all directions . Instead , he 's visible only from one specific angle , which is why I can see him and no one else can . So . Multiple cameras taking pictures from multiple angles . When he shows up again , I 'll have maximized the odds of capturing his image , an idea I got from the fight sequences in The Matrix . He watched it last night to try and take his mind off his fear . Now I welcome his visitation . Any more dreams ? Did he visit again ? No . But something else did . When I woke up this morning , there was some kind of energy hovering above my bed . I know it sounds crazy , but it was making some kind of droning noise , and it seemed to be ... or it was powerful . What did it do ? There were all these metal objects gathered in a pile on the floor , like it was collecting . It touched me . Ohh ... Oh , my . Walter , do you think that I 'm causing this ... like when I was a child and I set fire to the room ? Let 's get a scraping for DNA . There 's no time to waste . Maybe we can deduce exactly what form of energy is responsible for this . That should do it . - Here you go , Walter . - Thank you . I 'm going to need an atmospheric sample from your apartment as soon as possible . Of course . Get closer to the metal objects . Take a reading there now . Oh . It 's higher . Two whole rads at this proximity . Did you happen to leave a window open ? Uh , yeah . The bedroom window was open . Agent Dunham , go to another room . The bathroom , say . And find anything metal so they can test whether those metal objects have become magnetized . What was that ? What 's what ? I 'm getting some kind of feedback . Astrid ! - What 's wrong ? What 's happening ? Olivia ! What 's going on in there ? Walter , what are you talking about ? Astrid ! What 's wrong ? Olivia ! What 's happening ? ♪ Fringe 4x04 ♪ Subject 9 Original Air Date on October 14 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ So you 're saying that your equipment recorded the event before it occurred ? How is that even possible ? Whatever it is , it seemed somehow to affect time . What are you thinking , Walter ? I 'm not sure it caused a time effect before . Before ? I thought you said you 'd never seen anything like this ? Exactly like this , no , but something similar . 25 years ago , when Belly and I did the Cortexiphan trials , there was a boy who displayed the beginnings of an ability for astral projection . Astral projection ? The ability to travel outside the physical body . And the matter to energy transformation had similar results . That would explain the radiation levels in Olivia 's apartment . But the ability came with a harmful side effect . Every time he astral projected , he would create a distortion in the magnetic field and attract metal objects to him . Even if you 're right , what does that have to do with me ? I mean , like you said , it was 25 years ago . Belly always theorized that the Cortexiphan children would share a psychic link , a deep emotional bond because of their shared experience . Maybe this person is trying to reach out to you , and the harmful side effects are unintentional . But why me , and why now ? I can 't answer that . But I can say that ... some of the children didn 't handle the treatments as well as you did . Some had adverse reactions ... emotionally . You were always the strongest . The others recognized that . You were always their favorite . It burned you by touching you . It trapped you in a room . Who 's to say what will happen next time ? We have to find him before he does more damage . So what was his name ? I remember ! He was subject 9 . Nanotechnology- - the bloom is not off the rose . Because of the far-ranging claims that have been made about potential applications of nanotechnology , a number of serious concerns have been raised about how this will affect our society if realized and what actions , if any are deemed appropriate , might be needed to mitigate these risks . This is not Massive Dynamic 's concern . We create technology . How it is used is not our concern . We just own the patents . The Cortexiphan files were sealed for 20 years . I 'm not even sure if all of them still exist . The files were lost , so to speak . We never destroyed files ! Maybe she did . Viper ! Don 't make me turn you off . Well , tell her what I said . Ask her why she destroyed files . Go on , ask her ! Maybe you can ask Walter if he remembers what group the boy was in . I mean , that may help . Of course . Walter , did you hear that ? Yes . Her voice goes right into my inner ear and rattled around like razor blades . Of course I heard it . Tell her to go- - He said that he is not sure , but thank you for the suggestion . I did not say that ! Walter has said many things to me over the years , but " thank you " was never one of them . A word , Olivia ? I 'll see you in there . So you told me about the fringe event , but I think you left something out . It 's happening to you , isn 't it ? Now , come on . I haven 't seen this much fear in your face since Bobby Hastings asked you to the prom . So what can I do to help you , dear ? You 've done it . Walter thinks he knows how to deal with it . We just need to find the file . So what were these trials all about , anyway ? Walter and William Bell thought that children had untapped extrasensory capabilities- - capabilities that are socialized out of us when we grow up . They wanted to tap into those abilities- - things like telekinesis , pyrokinesis , even the ability to cross over to another Universe without a bridge . And so they ... experimented on kids . Yeah . What happened to the program ? I left . I ran away . Walter said he and Bell shut it down a few years after that . Here he is . His name 's Cameron James . Walter , what are you doing ? Going with Agent Dunham , of course . Now that we know who he is and where we have to go to find him . Walter , you haven 't left the lab in three years . You could be killed . I know the patient . I know his capabilities . You do not . You need me . Without me , you can do nothing . Claire , will you please man the cameras in my absence ? Really , Claire ? That doesn 't even start with an " A. " If you don 't mind , I think I should urinate before we leave . Don 't worry . I 've packed us sandwiches . Oh ! - You okay ? - Yes . Perfectly fine . Peachy . You got a problem ? Fresh air ... I 'd forgotten how much I love it . Ah ! I should 've gotten out of the lab years ago . It must be nearly 6 : 00 . I suppose we could wait for him to get home , or perhaps some of the neighbors know where he works . Can we do that ? Do what ? We got here , and the door was unlocked . Splendid . Hello ? We 're in the wrong place . All this mail is addressed to Mark Little . Cameron James must have moved on . No . He still lives here . Look around . There 's no metal anywhere . He 's even changed the light fixtures . Hey . Who are you ? What are you doing in here ? Agent Dunham . FBI . Oh . We 're looking for a Mark Little . You wouldn 't happen to know where we could find him ? Is he--is he in trouble ? He looked like the sort who could get into all sorts of trouble . We 're not sure . That 's why we wanted to ask him some questions . I 'm Walter Bishop . It 's nice to meet you . Mark--uh , he won 't be back till tomorrow morning . He drives a supply truck for a furniture company back and forth to Maine . At least that 's what he says he does . You never can tell with people . So tomorrow morning- - you 're sure ? Yeah . He 's usually back by 10 : 00 . Thank you . $ 200 a night . Look at this room . It 's a veritable petri dish . I can 't imagine what I would see with a black light . Or worse , I can imagine . Here . It also controls the temperature and the lights . And--and this is for the TV . Of course , if Belly were still here , he 'd be delighted . You know , he and I used to argue about this . At what point does technology outpace its usefulness ? Walter , I 'm gonna try and get some sleep . Can I get you anything before I go ? Perhaps a glass of water ? Do you have any idea how many viruses a simple water glass can carry ? Okay . Well , if you need me , I 'm right next door . Walter . Walter ! Walter , it 's me . I 'm coming in . Aah ! Hair follicles on the bedspread , dead skin cells on the pillow , chocolate stains on the desk and strawberry juice on the carpet- - not to mention bodily fluids , seminal stains and phlegm ... Walter , its okay . And urine on the carpet ! Don 't you realize the harm these pathogens can provoke ? I tried to ignore that . Walter ... I tried to ignore that ! Walter ! There is nothing here that can hurt you . This is all in your mind . I 'm sorry . Does that hurt ? Not as deeply as my pride . Mysophobia ... I haven 't had an attack in years . It 's curious , don 't you think ? The things that we see , that we investigate , and you don 't bat an eye , and some harmless germs make you shake in your boots . I suppose it is . Elizabeth , my wife , used to say I was a man of contradictions . She liked that about me . I liked everything about her . She committed suicide . Did you know that ? After our Peter died . I 'm glad she never knew me like this ... Afraid of things I can 't even see . Walter , I don 't think I 'm gonna get much sleep tonight either . What do you say to a root beer float ? No , no . No , no , no , no , no , no . Let me show you how . You take the straw out of the glass , thusly . Then stab the ice cream ... Push the straw down to the root beer at the bottom , and then you suck up the ice cream and the soda simultaneously to deliver the perfect blend of sugary goodness , like so . Mmm , mmm . Ahh . Better ? Better . Mmm . " Does he pose a significant threat to himself or others ? " Hmm ? The letter in your jacket from St. Claire 's . I wasn 't snooping . I-I saw the emblem . Well , perhaps I was snooping a bit . I 'm sorry . You weren 't supposed to see that . It 's all right . I 've known for three years that this day would come sooner or later , that I was a burden to Fringe Division and to you . Walter- - No need to sugarcoat it . I 've never had any illusions about the nature of this relationship- - of our relationship . I merely work for you . We 're not family . If I should cease to be useful , if my behaviors are outweighing my value , well ... That 's why you left the lab , isn 't it , Walter ... to prove that you 're capable ? I suppose tonight hasn 't been my strongest showing . I need you to understand that ... Whatever decision I make , I 'm only trying to do what 's best . What 's best for whom , Agent Dunham ? Oh , dear . Olivia ! Thank you . Lieutenant Daniels ? Special Agent Olivia Dunham . You 're the fed who 's been pulling rank on my officers . I got eyewitnesses reporting something that nobody seems to be able to explain . I got a federal agent firing shots in public--that 's you . I got a car that ran into a wall of blinding light . You want to tell me what the hell 's going on here , Agent ? I don 't know either . But like I told your officers , I can handle it from here . So we 're gonna need the case files , witness statements , and also the security footage from above the cash register . Before we discuss the handling of evidence , you 're gonna have to explain to me exactly what your jurisdiction is here . I think that this is all you 'll need . The name at the top is my division chief , Phillip Broyles , and below that , his boss . I 'm sure that you 'll recognize that name . Blanket authority . There you go . I tried to give him some soup , but he said he wasn 't interested . Thank you . We should go now . I want to be at Cameron James' apartment before he gets home . This is because of what I did to all of you . This is because of me . It 's an indisputable fact . If I hadn 't experimented with Cortexiphan , then none of this would be happening . 37 innocent children , and I just turned you into numbers , numbers in my head . I didn 't follow up on a single child--not even you . Hey , Walter , you said before that the doses were so low , none of the children 's abilities lasted any longer than 24 hours after treatment . - That 's true . We couldn 't have accounted for this . But if--if Cameron is manifesting astral projection , then it must be inadvertent , which means that he may not even be aware of the damage he 's creating . Oh , no . This is purposeful . I can feel it . Okay . Walter , here . Alone ? Walter . May I borrow your cell phone ? I need to call Agent Farnsworth ... to check on my project . Thank you . Mark Little ? Yeah . Olivia Dunham , FBI . I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions . Um , sure . Anything you need . What 's going on ? Well , I 'm actually looking for a man named Cameron James . I was--hey ! Cameron ! Stop , Cameron ! Oh ! Cameron ? Aah ! - Why ? - Who are you ? Why are you coming after me ? - What do you want from me ? - What 's he doing here ? - What do you want ? - What do you want from me ? - Leave me alone ! - Olivia , please don 't kill him . Olive ? Don 't you lie to me . Why are you doing this to me ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . I haven 't thought about you in years . Olive . Man , look at you . You 're okay . No , no , no . The elevator , the lights . You 're able to astral project . Listen , Dr. Freak , I haven 't been able to astral project since you stopped shoving needles in my arm when I was seven years old ! Now , all I have are the bad side effects ! Anytime I have any kind of anxiety , I send metal flying . So I have to stay calm . That 's the funny thing about life . It 's not always calm , you know ? You want to hear about my last date ? I take a girl for something to eat . I say something stupid . I see she saw I said something stupid . Suddenly , all the metal fillings are being pulled out of her mouth . So thanks for that . Why did you change your name ? What are you hiding from ? If I was hiding , I would 've moved . Cameron James was my father 's name . He was the one who signed me up for those experiments , made me use his name so he could access that pathetic trust fund they gave us . He took money from you so you could pump me full of drugs , then turned around and spent it on drugs himself . Hell of a guy . I don 't know what kind of father does that . Not one I want to share a name with . You realize just what you did to me ? If you had given me some special power , that 'd be one thing . Maybe I 'd be special . Or at least I 'd be useful . Or if you 'd just left me alone , I could have been normal , have a normal life with normal friends . Instead , I 'm neither . I 'm just a freak . Can you understand what that 's like ? I 'm afraid I can . I 'm sorry . I never meant to harm you . I have nothing to do with this ! No ! You stopped it . Walter , if he isn 't doing this , what is ? Walter ... You have to think of something . I can 't . There 's nothing . Well , if it isn 't Cameron , then what is it ? And why is it coming after me ? I don 't know . You don 't know ? Or are you just afraid to tell us ? You think I wouldn 't tell you ? You 're not at all like I remember you . What happened to you ? Walter ... You must be able to think of something . It is possible that the electromagnetism isn 't the root cause but a side effect of field distortions in time . In time ? Yes . What we consider to be linear time . Now , that would explain the video in the lab . I witnessed effect before cause . If Cameron 's reflexive magnetic discharge dispersed the energy event , then this thing , whatever it is , does not create magnetic fields . It--it--it distorts those that already exist around us , focusing them , maybe tearing them open ... Okay . And I 'm afraid it 's going to keep returning until it 's demolished , growing so large that it will consume everything in its path . Okay . So how do we stop it ? Well , we gather together a large enough field of energy to neutralize the electromagnetism . In theory , it should shatter it . Okay . So how do we do that ? We can 't . Only he can . You have the ability to gather and direct the kind of power we need . - How ? - You just did it in the hallway . Once when you were a boy , you blew up a toaster oven with your mind simply because of an irrational hatred of raisin toast . - Have you ever had raising toast ? - I know . I was not correct that your abilities faded over time , but I am certain that their utility is based on your ability to focus your emotions . It 's like the toaster oven , but on a grand scale . Thanks , Astrid . Okay . There 's a power grid terminal on the West Side . What do we do now ? For whatever reason , the force seems to be drawn to Agent Dunham . So now we wait . When it attacks her again , you will combine your energy with the energy of the power grid to destroy it . Have you heard about any of the others ? No . Have you ? You 're the first . I used to wonder about them a lot . Less so now , I guess . You haven 't had any side effects from the experiments ? You 're really lucky . Or it 's something else . What are you saying ? When I had my first experience , I thought something was coming after me , too ... Until I realized I was doing it to myself . You think I 'm doing this ... that I 'm bringing this on myself ? I don 't know . The question is , would he tell you if he thought you were ? You weren 't there anymore . But I remember he wasn 't happy when the experiments stopped . It 's happening . It 's happening ! It 's happening ! Now , Cameron ! This isn 't me . I am not doing this . Do it , Cameron ! Direct it at the wall ! Good ! That 's it ! Disperse the energy ! Now , Cameron , before it 's too late ! You . Yes ! That 's it ! It 's working ! Stronger ! Come on , destroy it ! Cameron , stop . Cameron . Stop , Cameron ! Olivia , what are you doing ? Cameron ! I 'm telling you , Walter , I was not seeing things . - You 're telling me it was him , the man ? - Yes . The man I was seeing in the lab ? The man you 've been seeing in your dreams ? Then why did you try to stop Cameron from destroying it ? I don 't know . I can 't explain it . I just had a feeling that--that ... that he didn 't want to hurt me , that he wanted my help . You know , Cameron , if there 's anything that I can do for you ... Make him forget about me . Walter ... Do you think we destroyed it ? Do you think it 's gone ? I can 't be sure , Olivia . What you did may have compromised Cameron 's ability . He may have just displaced it . You acted against all reasonable agreements and expectations . You behaved irrationally with regard to only your intuition and instincts . I guess I did . When I do that , people say I 'm crazy . I suppose I 've learned that crazy is a lot more complicated than people think . Dunham . I just received a disturbing call . A father and son just pulled a man from the middle of Reiden Lake . Where 's Reiden Lake ? Upstate New York . Details are sketchy , but apparently whoever he is knows a lot of classified information- - things no one outside this division could possibly know . What 's more ... He claims to know every one of us . I had a house at Reiden Lake . Sorry I kept you waiting so long . Phillip Broyles- - we spoke on the phone . He 's stabilized . Vitals are good . - Has he said anything else ? - No . But he keeps talking about an Olivia Dunham . That 's me . Can you take me to him ? Follow me . Excuse me , Doctor . Olivia . Thank God you 're here . Who are you ? = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
