 Humans who may have died show up again in the real world As if they risen from the dead This rumour started many months ago The truth is never clear instead it is always shrouded in darkness Hey what are you doing The high speed train will soon arrive at platform 2 Can someone help that guy ? It 's dangerous However that night The truth that was veiled in darkness Was revealed just a little You 'd better hurry Are you alright ? Can someone help me ? lm begging ! Come on , get up ! Kei-chan Someone help him up ! Kato ! Okay ! That night Two people Saw the truth Hiroshi ? Ah , sorry sorry , I was late Eh you 're used to that voice ? Ah that 's great Hey you know Are you okay with the results ? Ah that 's unexpected Then , I have something to do so I 'll hang up first Mm that 's right I 've been doing it a lot lately Eh ? Don t say that But you see it looks like it 'd be really busy from now on Ah I know , I 'll be fine It 's not like I don 't know about the dangers Ah that 's unexpected Then I 'll talk to you again Yeah Good night The footage of security cameras captured what happened to those two at the train station However There was no great damage And the corpses could not be found The blog site that is popular nowadays on the net Looking for a file among the countless ones available The key was found To unlock the mystery , a 500kb text file is required That file has fallen into someone 's hands and is now circulating on file sharing sites like a message in a bottle floating in the sea If you look up the name and data of the file Nobody bothered reading it at the moment but me It is a one room mansion It appears that people who are supposed to be dead are brought there They receive missions from a black ball known as GANTZ GANTZ People who are supposed to be dead are brought into that room Mission Fight to live They can 't tell anyone About killing aliens For people who may have died the mission for their existence is on the line , has begun That is a perfect game A perfect world When the commands are given the room will suddenly materialize before their eyes That room Is that Tokyo Tower ? really exist in reality ? Don 't be stupid It won 't open Why are we here ? is this a hospital ? Well You know Just now at the train platform We got hit right ? You ignored me Uh um .. I didn 't recognize you at first I see Kei-chan 's always like that Ah , since primary school ? Since grade three , wasn 't it Hang on Did they hear us ? I 'm not sure Why are we here ? What the heck is this ? A body that just ... died It is all a distortion of reality At the moment you are scanned and transported to that room How and when did it come about ? You guys came the same way Why is she naked ? Among all humans . That night , was the first time a naked person appeared She probably died in the bathtub Don 't cover her She probably died in the bathtub Don 't cover her It 's a new morning . A morning of hope . Open your heart . Look up the sky . Listen to the radio and start of the day Take a deep breath and ... 1 , 2 , 3 ! ( All your lives are gone ) ( All your lives are gone ) ( I will decide how to use your new lives ) ( Well , that 's how it will be ) Huh ? ( If you wish to go back , you will do as I say ) ( Onion Alien , Characteristic : Stinks , Likes : Onions ) What is this ? It 's warm ( Kurono ) It has my name on it Hey , let 's move these . Yes . Open it ? Let 's see Kishimoto-san ? Maybe you should put this on Um .. I .. Didn 't I die ? I have no idea , too For now you should wear something The size , would it fit ? How would I know ? During that moment it was like an illusion Like they 've been hypnotized Is that so ? I 've kind of gotten a grasp of it Obviously we 're not dead We 're in a state of apparent death at the hospital and we were all given the same medicine What we 're seeing now are hallucinations caused by that medicine Hallucinations ? It 's like we 're under a hypnosis spell Everybody 's seeing the same hallucination Isn 't it ? Right ? We might even be subjects for some sort of experiment What is this ? Um ... It 's a hallucination Um ... It 's a hallucination Kei-chan ( go now please ) Eh ? Outside ? What is this ? We got out somehow So , can we just go home I 've had enough Please hang on I don 't want to sound strange but this is a TV show You all entered through a hypnosis program We 're not dead . See we 're not dead ! The producer is my father It 's a new collaboration project with American Cable TV and some universities It 's a kind of reality show A virtual version of ATO You don 't know ? American Try Out lf you complete the mission , you 'll be given a $ 100,000 . I want that prize as well , so I asked my father to let me take part $ 100,000 ? That 's 10 million yen Kato Wait ! Over there Please take a good look That 's our target Eh is that so ? The time limit is 20 minutes , if you get it then you get the cash prize It 's so close ! - Hang on ! Last month I was laid off Ten million is it ? Just now Isn 't he just a kid ? Why don 't you find out for yourself GANTZ 's mission is abduction If the number of aliens increase , the number who can fight back will also increase Humans are the same Useless people People who only fight unknowingly In this small world small life forms slowly become distinct This is the first time I 've seen someone try and use the case isn 't it interesting ? Good job realizing you need the suit though Oi , Use this This time I 'll let you have the points Hurry up Before everybody gets killed What the ... you 're disappointing Next time you will wine-up dead It 's been a while since anyone else survived Explain Is this really a TV show ? Ask GANTZ ... GANTZ ... That 's what it 's been called even before I got here Old man ! You survived No matter how hurt you are , as long as you 're alive you 'll come back healed ( Then , let the scoring begin ) ( Kishimoto 0 points . Your boobs bounced too much ) What is this ? ( Kato 0 points . Too scared ) ( Suzuki 0 points . Your presence was barely felt ) My presence ( Kurono 0 points . Stared too much at Kishimoto ) ( Nishi-kun 5 points . Total 79 points ) Only 5 points What 's all of this ? GANTZ gives scores for the mission just now A mission to eliminate aliens invading Earth Who the heck are you ? I am an alien That 's a lie ! There 's no need to be that scared Don 't play around ! What happened to the others ? They got killed You saw it didn 't you ? Look That 's everybody who died during GANTZ 's missions You Why didn 't you help them . Why did you just let them die ? You dare to say that You hypocrite You really don 't know what you 're talking about Let go of Kato ! Are you kidding ? This time I 'll really shoot Explain now What is this place ? Tell us Too bad It 's time there were 4 small fry who managed to stay alive 4 people Those two are interesting though One is a tall compassionate guy The other is like me That guy has promise He has the same eyes as me That guy who managed to return to the real world from that room even more than being chosen by GANTZ will he be able to find his true ability ? ( Seeking eyewitnesses ) ( they got off the platform , and onto the track ... as they were about to go up they were hit by the train ... ) I hate that compassionate guy He 's probably searching for many things I wonder if he will be able to find them ( Nishi Jouichiro 10th February 2010 Even now he goes to ... ) ( ... perceived to have died in a car accident ... Hanazawa High School ) ( To Nishi-kun ) ( I have something to say to you Today after school , can you meet me at the rooftop ? ) 269 , 269 Why did that guy come today ? My desk Where is it ? What the heck , just quit school already ! Just don 't come to school any more Alright , who doesn 't want Nishi-kun to come to school anymore ? Raise your hands Yep that 's everyone ... wait ! What happened ? Over there ! Tsubaki ! Hey hey hey ... Could it be ? Does she like him or something ? Could it be ? Everybody Things like this aren 't good And so ? All of you Nishi-kun ! I ... have always liked Nishi-kun Even now , I still like you ! Even now Nuisance What did you say ? You 're a nuisance What ? Come here Who do you think you are ? Insects What is this brat saying ? You 're all ignorant people What did you say ? ! What 's this ? Oh he 's wearing a suit ! Why a suit ? What 're are you trying to pull ? We 'll deal with you tonight What 's happening ? What 're you doing ? Knock it off What are you doing ? Damn it You 're Nishi Jouichiro-kun ? No , I 'm not GANTZ You know about it right ? Yesterday those two men died in a train accident However no traces of their body could be found Many of these cases have happened before And sometimes , the next morning the person thought to be dead would show up without a scratch I read about your case in a file These kind of cases are really interesting The room with the black ball you know about it right ? You do , don 't you ? I also want to know What GANTZ is ... I can 't understand such a perfect thing It 's perfect Why weren 't there any eyewitnesses ? GANTZ probably has the answer to mysteries like these I want to know them too Answers ? Perfect answers from a perfect object Too bad See you next time That night was the last time I saw him It 's a new morning A morning of hope Open your heart Look up to the sky - I guess this is everyone tonight . ( If you wish to go back Do as I say ) ( Tanaka Alien Special characteristics : Noisy Likes : Radio cassette players ) Do you understand GANTZ knows everything We can 't escape him No matter where we are , we are called every time Every time ... We have to do it all over again ! Yes Even before I came , everybody has been fighting The ones who got killed were replaced Many have died I was the only one who survived Why didn 't you tell us any of these ? You should have explained from the beginning You would have saved many more Come on ! You still don 't get it Compassionate man So they were decoys Correct As expected we 're the same Yeah , right ? Aliens let their guards down when killing people As expected Explain properly ! What should we do ? Explain to everyone ! Don 't keep relying on others Think a little more Alright ? This That 's right Change into that ! Then , I 'll be leaving Good luck Grandma ! Grandmaaaaa ! How long will we have to do something like this ? How many times ? We don 't know Quickly , wear this Grab the case ( Please wait ) What is this ? Kuruno-kun Wait ! He 's in trouble My suit broke ! Okay Incredible Hey . Can you hear me ? Answer me lf you ... get 100 points ... 100 points ? What happens if you get 100 points ? With 100 points ... you can ... get your life back Kishimoto Kei , age 21 I got back ? That woman It 's almost as if she 's gone to the extreme of being a complete stranger She 's bad at talking to others and she 's not good at expressing her feelings That 's why when she can 't express her emotions it may result to unexpected actions For example being dumped by a boy She might end up slitting her wrists or the like Unfortunately that girl 's heart can 't recover No one was able to predict what kind of dramatic thing would happen Kishimoto-san Why don 't you wear this ? Kato ! Kato you idiot , move ! I can 't Go away Let go Me ? Wait Wait-wait-wait-hang on ! Wait-wait-wait - Hang on-wait - Damn you ! Kei-chan ! Sorry ... I pulled the trigger first ... Kei-chan What happened to Kei-chan ? What happened to Kei-chan ? Hey ! What happened to Kei-chan ? What happened to him ? ! Thank goodness I 'm alive ? ( Then , the grading will now begin ) ( Kishimoto 0 points Stared at Kato too much ) ( Kato 0 points Let himself get stared at too much by Kishimoto ) What is it evaluating anyway ? ( Suzuki 0 points Were you even there ? ) ( Shiraishi 0 points You were there , weren 't you ) ( Kurono 7 points Total 7 points ) 7 ... Finally ... With 100 points you can really ... ( It will end with 93 more points ) GANTZ What will happen when I get 100 points ? ( If you get 100 points Choose one from the following : ) ( If you get 100 points : 1 . Have your memory erased and be set free 2 . Get the chance to resurrect a loved one ) Set free ? Even dead people can be reborn ? On the first day of this month a car leaking gasoline burnt up Unfortunately there are no details How is it ? It 's amazing It 's a shoujo manga about ' heroes is it too perfect and sweet ? A normal guy like Kurono-kun becomes a hero of justice It 's like the me from the past Ah I remember When I was young I stood up for other kids who got bullied Is that so ? For someone to suddenly change I don 't think he remembers what happened before Of course A real hero never stops fighting the bad guys It 's alright for the weak to run Because I 'll protect everyone Oota Prefecture Yaguchi-san-chome , number 36 It 's the place What kind of people are those guys ? It 's like they fell into a world of darkness that nobody else must know about Kato-san The events that happened then ... what were they ? Are we dead ? Or are we alive ? When I was in that room I thought I had finally died I had always thought that it would be okay to die But now I want to live on Because I met Kato-san It was Kato-san who changed me Therefore I was ... in juvenile detention I killed my father My father was so drunk , he beat-up my brother every night I wanted to save him But I couldn 't save anyone They took my brother away from me So that 's why I don 't want to leave him again Sorry for saying weird things Let 's go Kato-san That girl heard that voice for the last time that night Is it beginning again ? Yes ( Irritable Alien Special characteristic : Large Likes : Quiet places ) Pretty What is this place ? It 's really wide There it is Eh , it suddenly came out ? Our target Everybody listen up From now on Unexpected things will happen However if we all cooperate Are you okay ? Run ! Get-out ! Run ! You 're Suzuki-san ? You know these two don 't you ? I 've heard from various sources in the city that there are a lot of traffic accidents involving explosions Because of that , people have been disappearing He and that girl as well What has happened in Tokyo ? Do you know ? I also don 't know However We 're not killers We 're fighting What for ? Have you ever been married ? important things can be lost anytime Kishimoto-san as well Kato-kun and Kurono-kun also were all splendid Move Get everyone out of here You can 't do this alone ! Just watch It 's pointless ! I got it ! You 're a nuisance I told you I 'll handle it This is not okay ! People got killed It 's not my fault he moves slow It hurts Is she dead ? Not yet Kurono-san behind you Thousand arm Buddha Stay here I told you it 's pointless ! What do you think you 're doing ? I 'm fine You haven 't changed since then That 's why you 're the coolest kid You see I 've always wanted to become like Kei-chan But as expected I 'm too compassionate Kei-chan please Kato ! The ones who attacked first were you You all killed your comrades Get revenge Run Kato-san ! For Kato-san the only one you can love is him right ? Kato ! Hey Sachiko If I said I wanted you to be reborn would you laugh ? ( If you get 100 points : 1 . Have your memories erased and be set free 2 . Get the chance to revive someone you love ) But you see that is my answer Kurono-kun 's answer Kato ! Get revenge All of you ... Your comrades as well I will kill them all Kei-chan ! Wait up ! Kato ! Hurry up ! You 're slow ! Hurry up ! A one-room mansion In there , people who may have died gather and receive missions from a black ball known as GANTZ It is a battle to stay alive You cannot escape it Killing aliens Kurono Kei ... Kato Masaru ... Somewhere in Tokyo , they must be trying to live a normal life What 's GANTZ 's objective for gathering people and making them fight ? You It 's too late GANTZ hurry up ! Also , why do the fight ? What are they fighting for ? ( Then , let the scoring begin ) Don 't do this Return Kato ! ( If you get 100 points : 1 . Have your memory erased and be set free 2 . Get the chance to revive someone you like ) He was a man who fought till the very end I have to keep fighting until I get 100 points ( Kato ) Kato hurry up ! Faster ! Kei-chan ! Wait for me ! Kei-chan ! Sorry Today somehow I don 't feel like reading manga Um Um .. has anything happened ? Recently , when you helped me read my manga the truth is Kurono-kun you made me happy but .. well .. it felt kind of strange I felt kind of ... scared I know because I 've always been looking at Kurono-kun Sorry for saying it like that It just seems like that to me It feels weird Ah , I dropped it ! My hat The train 's going to come soon ! It 's going to come ! What will I do ? But the train 's going to come ! Get it What should I do ? I 'm sorry ! - Here Thank you so much ! Ah where are your manners ? Thank you ... I 'm sorry ... The train will soon arrive at platform 2 Because it 's dangerous , please stand behind the yellow line Kurono-kun What are you doing ? Hurry up and get off ! Kurono-kun ! Kurono-kun ! The train is coming ! I 'm sorry I like you ! I love Kurono-kun ! So ... Please don 't die ! Humans who were thought to have died reappear by the next morning This rumour was first heard many months ago Slowly collecting points they gradually become aware of the point of it all GANTZ I am now looking for the answer to that Also , right now I am in an unidentifiable location Soon this medium will be broadcasted Even if I make everyone angry this information needs to be spread so that everybody will know the truth All answers will soon be revealed Soon everything will be understood and GANTZ will come to an end End ? When an endless fight ends When GANTZ welcomes its end only those with perfect answers will remain Is that how it is ? GANTZ You 're useless What did you do ? Nothing Not yet anyway What is your aim ? What are you planning to do with GANTZ ? I want to know the answer Well , I wonder People thought to have died suddenly reappear They return the next morning This rumour was first heard countless months ago Gathering points they slowly become aware of the point of it all GANTZ I am now looking for that answer A one-room mansion There , people thought to have died gather and receive missions from a black ball known as GANTZ It is a battle to live It cannot be told to anyone The killing of aliens to these people who may have died is a battle to survive
