 NARRATOR : Mega-machines cutting through solid rock ... the transportation of multi-ton stone blocks ... modern aircraft carrying millions of people each day around the world ... and space shuttles sending humans to the stars . ( over radio ) : And liftoff of Endeavor ... NARRATOR : But are these examples of modern technology , or is there evidence that these incredible achievements existed on Earth thousands of years ago ? GRAHAM HANCOCK : You begin to have to ask yourself , are we missing part of the story ? NARRATOR : Could ancient man have possessed knowledge far beyond that of our own century ? And if so , where did it come from ? DR. ALGUND EENBOOM : I think that people in ancient times were visited by beings coming not from this Earth , and they gave us scientific technologies . PHILIP COPPENS : It becomes ever more apparent that the possible answer of " Have aliens visited in the past ? " could be a potential yes . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , what if there were clues left behind , sometimes hiding in plain sight ? What if we could find the evidence ? NARRATOR : Saqqara , Egypt . Located roughly 20 miles south of Cairo , it is home to the world-famous step pyramid of King Djoser . Dating back more than 4,000 years , it is the oldest of Egypt 's 97 pyramids . Saqqara is also famous for being one of Egypt 's oldest burial grounds , earning it the nickname " City of the Dead . " It was here , in 1891 , that French archeologists unearthed an ancient tomb containing the burial remains of Pa-di-Imen , an official from the third century BC . Among the various items discovered was a small wooden model of what appeared to be a bird , lying beside a papyrus bearing the inscription : " I want to fly . " The artifact was later sent to the Cairo Museum , where authorities placed it alongside several other bird figurines . The model sat largely unnoticed , until 1969 , when Egyptologist Dr. Kahlil Messiha was examining the bird collection and noticed that there was something very different about the Saqqara bird . DR. UWE APEL : It 's interesting because on one hand , clearly , it should look like a bird because it has eyes and has a typical nose of a bird . On the other hand , the wings are clearly not bird wings . DR. ALGUND EENBOOM : To the middle of the rim , you see this wing a bit thicker . In this region , the lift-up is the highest . The whole thing becomes thinner to the , um , end of the wings . And those wings , uh , model down . And this is a very modern aerodynamic design . APEL : Then the other point is , birds have no rudders . Because a bird does not need a rudder because of its aerodynamic architecture . And so , there is the idea they are not representing birds , but flying machines , or aircraft . NARRATOR : Could the ancient Egyptians have possessed the power of flight ? In 2006 , aviation and aerodynamics expert Simon Sanderson built a scale model of the Saqqara bird five times larger than the original to test that possibility . We 're running at a constant speed , slowly increasing the angle of attack , and then measuring the forces which it 's producing . That way , we can learn about its flight characteristics . At ten degrees , we 're producing four times weight and lift . So , it actually would be flying now . That 's good . EENBOOM : Tests shows the Saqqara bird is a highly-developed glider . And this is a design we use today . NARRATOR : During the Sanderson tests , it was discovered that the only thing preventing the Saqqara bird from achieving flight was the lack of a rear stabilizing rudder , or elevator , needed to maintain balance . Is it possible that the Saqqara bird ever possessed this critical component ? APEL : What is , uh ... missing is something like an elevator , but if you look at this feature here , then we may interpret that something like an elevator was connected here , but was lost during history . NARRATOR : Computer models seem to confirm that the Saqqara bird is certainly airworthy . But there is another problem to consider : launching a glider . Modern methods require the use of a towplane that pulls the glider into the air , then releases it when a proper altitude is reached . So , how might the ancient Egyptians have launched the Saqqara bird ? The scientifics of Egyptology told us that such a bird could be powered off by catapults to fly . And , uh , we had high acceptance by Egyptian scientists . NARRATOR : The idea of using a catapult does have a contemporary parallel . Many of today 's glider enthusiasts employ a bungee cord system to launch their sail craft into the air . But if the Saqqara bird is capable of flight , where would ancient Egyptians have acquired such technology ? EENBOOM : I think that people in ancient times were visited by beings coming not from this Earth , and they gave us culture and scientific technologies to improve our life on Earth coming from the primitive to a higher developed culture . ABEL : If ancient cultures would be able to produce any really flyable machine , they would be far more advanced than we believe today . It changes our ... our viewpoint of ancient societies . COPPENS : It 's a fact that our ancestors were more intelligent and had more technological superiority capabilities than our history books give them credit for . HANCOCK : You begin to have to ask yourself , " Are we missing part of the story ? " And honestly , I think we are . I think there has been a forgotten episode in human history . And , uh , we 're a species with amnesia . We don 't really remember who or what we are . ROBERT BAUVAL : I haven 't been convinced that there is evidence that supports an ancient visitation . But there is no reason why not , and I think to shut oneself to that possibility is a mistake , mainly because there are so many anomalies that we can 't explain . NARRATOR : 7,000 miles from Egypt , the dense jungles and rugged mountains of Colombia contain a vast number of archaeological sites . Many treasure hunters believed the legendary City of Gold , El Dorado , lies hidden here somewhere under a thick canopy of trees . While the mythical metropolis has never been found , early in the 20th century , tomb-robbers searching along the Magdalena River stumbled upon a gravesite dating back 1,500 years to a pre-Colombian civilization known as the Tolima . Among the funerary objects found there were hundreds of small two - to three-inch gold figurines . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : Many of those looked like insects and fish . However , out of those hundreds that they found , they also found about a dozen that are eerily reminiscent of modern-day fighterjets . They have a triangular shape . They have an upright tailfin , stabilizers ... and a fuselage . And they have nothing in common with anything similar in nature . NARRATOR : Could these gold objects really be proof that Earth has been visited by ancient aliens ? APEL : One of the objects shows a typical swept wings , like with a modern aircraft . And if you compare it to something like a space shuttle , you see that the basic wing shape is very similar to wing shapes for high-speed aerodynamic bodies like a space shuttle is . COPPENS : There is not a single insect in the world which has got its wings at the bottom . Now , when you exclude the possibility that it 's an insect , one of the things which remain is the fact that this is actually , yes , what it looks like : a plane . NARRATOR : In 1997 , German aviation experts including Algund Eenboom and Peter Belting , set out to prove the speculation by building a scale-model replica of the gold flyer , fully equipped with landing gear and a working engine . EENBOOM : It was rather simple , because we don 't need to put much parts to this shape because this shape is perfect . Everything was already done by the native people 2,000 years ago . TSOUKALOS : They did not add an inch or remove an inch . They just essentially blew the little thing into a larger size . I mean , this is sensational that pre-Colombian culture knew about aerodynamics . NARRATOR : Once completed , the remote-controlled flyer took off down a makeshift runway and flew . COPPENS : When you see this thing taking off , you really feel that this is the real deal . It was a very successful test and showed us how perfect ancient people were working out aerodynamic design . What it shows you that there must be something happened . We are not quite sure how it did , but that it did . This is applied science . This isn 't just thinking somewhere . This is people going out there and making sure and proving , what I still see , anybody can see this , that this is real . This is genuine . This little thing , which sits in a museum , could fly . TSOUKALOS : So we have two examples from opposite side of the planet , and both examples are aerodynamically sound and they fly . So , to suggest that all of this is coincidence ... I mean , after a while , even coincidence no longer makes sense . BILL BIRNES : Could the ancients have seen actual entities , like ancient gods , ancient astronauts , actually flying around in what amounted to modern aircraft ? NARRATOR : The answer to these questions may be found in ancient documents that describe flight patterns , aircraft specs , and even aerial battles in remarkable detail . NARRATOR : Over the past 50 years , NASA has sent astronauts into space inside large rockets . This method has been described by some as simply " putting a man on a large firecracker and lighting the fuse . " Man 's ability to travel farther into space will require more advanced propulsion systems . Several are being researched by NASA . ROBERT FRISBEE : There are a wide variety of advanced propulsion technologies that are being actively developed and studied by NASA and other researchers . A really exotic version of that is to use a launch-assist catapult , use technology derived from the magnetic levitation trains to build a maglev sled that carries your rocket , gets it up to about Mach 1 , and then launches the rocket from it . NARRATOR : While these futuristic propulsion systems seem like something out of science fiction , ancient alien theorists believe past civilizations possessed these same advanced technologies . They point to a number of cultural myths that describe sky people coming to Earth in fire-breathing dragons , or metallic-looking machines as proof of extraterrestrial visitation . DAVID CHILDRESS : In my mind , legends and myths are based on something real . And while they 've been " mythified " and exaggerated in many cases , in my mind , some core of truth here in that people really were flying in airships in ancient times just like we do today . NARRATOR : But might these airships have reached Earth using the same type of propulsion systems we use today ? The answer may be found deep in the Indian subcontinent . India- - over 1.1 billion people crowd its modern cities and rural townships , speaking hundreds of languages , and practicing a number of different religions . India is considered one of the oldest civilizations with settlements dating back over 1 1,000 years . It is also home to several of the oldest records of ancient technologies . Ancient Sanskrit texts , dating back as far as 6000 BC , describe in varied but vivid detail flying machines called " vimanas . " EENBOOM : Vimanas are airplanes , and they are powered by some jet engines . This seems to be true because all the description of the flight behavior : " elephants ran away in panic . " Grass was thrown out because there was a lot of pressure from behind those vimanas . So that we can say this is a description of the spaceship . NARRATOR : Although mainstream historians believe the vimana texts are myths , many of the documents contain passages that seem to describe modern machinery and technology . CHILDRESS : The Vymaanika-Shaastra goes into metals that are used in these craft . It talks about electricity and power sources . It talks about the pilots and the clothing they have to wear . It talks about the food that they eat . It talks even about the weapons that are kept on these airships . EENBOOM : The flight menus of the vimanas are quite similar to the flight menus you find in the modern passenger flight business . Or when you go to the military jet engines , of course , they have also flight menus because it 's necessary for a pilot to get knowledge about his plane he wanted to fly with . MICHAEL CREMO : We also learned that these vimanas could be controlled mentally . And this is a technology that modern militaries are beginning to develop . Even today , with as advanced as we think we are almost every manifestation of an actual extraterrestrial civilization today would look almost like magic to us , where it has to do with technological electromagnetic systems that interface with coherent thought and organized thought . And this gets into ... people go , " Now , you 're losing me here . " But I tell people , I say , " Yeah , well , you gotta push " your boundaries a little bit ifyou 're talking about a true interstellar civilization . " NARRATOR : The Vymaanika-Shaastra , or Science of Aeronautics , indicates vimanas used a propulsion system based on a combination of gyroscopes , electricity , and mercury . Is this possible ? CHILDRESS : Mercury is an unusual element . Mercury is metal . It 's also a liquid , and , uh , is a conductor of electricity . You know , there 's unusual things you can do with mercury . You can put it into a closed gyroscopic device with mercury spinning around , and then you can electrify it . And studies have been done on this by NASA and by other scientists . And they find that you have levitation effects , antigravity kind of effects , and a spinning , bright light is part of it , too . NARRATOR : The Vymaanika-Shaastra suggests vimanas were powered by several gyroscopes placed inside a sealed liquid mercury vortex . FRISBEE : Here 's an example of a little kid 's gyroscope . You spin it with a heavy wheel around a central axis . Well , a gyroscope seems to do a lot of strange things , even defy gravity . And it does this because it uses what 's called rotational , or angular , momentum . And it wants to keep a particular orientation on its spin axis , the center rod . If you push on that rod , it will want to " righten " itself up to its original orientation . It wants to keep that same angular momentum . Gyroscopes are used all over the place : in airplanes , in spacecraft , in submarines . This allows them to determine their position based on where they started . They can also use it for finding their velocity or even just the orientation of the vehicle in space . One of the texts talks about mercury rotating and driving some sort of a powerful wind , or a windmill effect . That might be some sort of what we call a " flywheel energy storage " where you have a spinning disc , and then you extract energy from it slowly . That would be the mercury . And then that could be used to drive some sort of a propeller , or what we 'd call a ducted fan sort of system , like you have in a hovercraft . Mercury would be quite good for that , because it 's a high density , so you 'd have a small package for your power plant , and that 's always good when you 're building an aircraft . NARRATOR : Flywheel energy storage systems , however , tend to lose power quickly . To navigate across space , its size would have to be enormous . FRISBEE : They 're fine for use by power companies for load-leveling . You put energy in when you don 't need it . You get energy out when you need it . But they 're setting on the ground . To have something light enough to actually fly , it 's not at all clear that this would be a practical device . Now , maybe the people were trying to describe something that kind of looked like this to them . It might not have actually been mercury . It might have been some other liquid metal . EENBOOM : The mercury vortex engine is perhaps a failure in the translation , because the vortex is not a material quite suitable to a jet engine . GREER : The issue of how are these civilizations traveling faster than the speed of light is a fundamental question . It 's a scientific application of things that have been studied for thousands of years and they 're within the Vadas- - the ancient Vedic teachings or other ancient teachings- - and it is there . NARRATOR : But if vimanas existed , could this prove there was a worldwide transportation network thousands of years before Columbus ? The answer might be found on a mountaintop outside Mexico City . In the 21st century , modern transportation and communication methods have connected the world like never before . Products or ideas , no matter where in the world they may have originated , can spread to even the most remote countries . A hip-hop hit in Brooklyn might make it big in Tokyo before it 's even heard in Manhattan . This cultural interconnection has transformed the globe , but is it new ? Mainstream archaeologists believe ancient civilizations such as those found in the remote Pacific Islands , Asia , and South America developed independently from each other . But ancient astronaut theorists contend that similarities in building styles and beliefs found in these cultures suggest that a worldwide trade route may have connected them to each other . CHILDRESS : But just like we have airports today around the world , in ancient times with the vimanas , there would have been hangars for the craft , airports for them to land . And those airports would have been situated in strategic places around the world . And that 's exactly what we see in remote places . NARRATOR : Could the complex set of lines covering Peru 's Nazca plain or the mysterious plateau above Mexico 's Oaxaca valley be evidence of runways for a worldwide air transportation system ? One of the unusual archaeological sites in Mexico is a place called Monte Albán . That is also a mountain where the top of the mountain was completely cut off and leveled to make a very flat tabletop mountain . And there 's a megalithic city there , too , that 's extremely old . This was probably some kind of vimana airport . EENBOOM : The vimanas could be a kind of missing link between the single cultures in the world , because they had just a very short time to flow from one part of the world to the other . NARRATOR : Legends of air travel are also found in ancient Africa and the Middle East . According to The Kebra Nagast , a holy book of the Ethiopians written sometime before the second century AD , the queen of Sheba was once given a gift of a flying carpet by King Solomon of Israel . TSOUKALOS : The Kebra Nagast is one of the most important texts you 've never heard of . The Kebra Nagast means The Book of Kings , and it is the most sacred book of the Ethiopians . In it , King Solomon is described- - he had access to some type of a flying machine . And in that part of the world , the term " flying carpet " was always used very liberally . My question is , did they really mean actual flying carpets or was it another term with which to describe some type of a flying machine ? CHILDRESS : This was the original Chariots of the Gods that Erich von Daniken talked about- - the flying magic carpets of the Arabian Nights stories . There are traditions in the Middle East of King Solomon having this airship and flying to different places in the Middle East , certain mountains which are known as the Mountains of Solomon . These may have been certain airports or landing areas for these vimanas . Nicholas Rourke , famous Russian-American explorer who traveled all through central Asia and Tibet in the 1920s , he , too , claimed that Tibetans had traditions of King Solomon flying to Tibet in this aircraft . NARRATOR : The Kebra Nagast also describes how King Solomon used his flying airship to make maps of the world . But could these have any relation to other ancient maps some believe may have been made by extraterrestrials ? HANCOCK : Some of these maps show the world not as it looks today , but as it looked during the last ice age . And this is really hard to explain . Everybody 's heard of the Piri Reis map , but they 've perhaps not heard of the Orontius Finnaeus map or-or the Mercator maps that show Antarctica in great detail hundreds of years before Antarctica was even discovered . NARRATOR : One of the most referenced stories of ancient aircraft is found in a surprising place : the Bible . In the Book of Ezekiel , the prophet describes a flying chariot containing wheels within wheels and powered by angels . Although Bible historians suggest Ezekiel was speaking symbolically about the terrifying enemies facing Israel , could this be another example of an alien visitation and proof that prehistoric aircraft existed ? In the story of Ezekiel 's throne chariot- - this flying vehicle that doesn 't seem to have any means of propulsion- - if we thought of the word " angel " as representing something like celestial energy , it sounds much more like a spacecraft then , because some of the angels are going back and forth . Well , that sounds like flames . That sounds like propulsion . Some of them are wheel-like . Well , those sound like flying saucers . Our ancestors weren 't idiots . Ezekiel saw something that was so frightening to him that he fell to his knees . Then , out of the glory of God , came this being in these bright clothes that looked like metal , and told Ezekiel , " All right , man , we brought you here . We want you to measure this monument , this building . " And Ezekiel asks , " Well , why should I do this ? " And the being says , " That 's why we brought you here . " And then you have 40 pages , in the second part of the Book of Ezekiel , with measurement after measurement after measurement of this gigantic building , in which , by the way , the glory of the Lord landed . NARRATOR : In the early 1970s , NASA scientist Josef Blumrich set out to disprove the theory that what Ezekiel witnessed was a spaceship . Josef Blumrich is your proverbial rocket scientist . He worked on the moon project for NASA and , from the mind of a rocket engineer , started to look at what was written in the first part of the Book of Ezekiel . And after many months of research , Josef Blumrich came to the conclusion that what Ezekiel described in his eyewitness report , it was indeed a type of spacecraft . NARRATOR : Josef Blumrich would go on to write The Spaceships of Ezekiel . Several years later , a German structural engineer named Hans Herbert Beier sketched out a blueprint of the second section of the Book of Ezekiel , where Ezekiel is told to construct an open-topped building to house the flying chariot . Ezekiel 's spaceship fit exactly into the temple that Hans Herbert Beier recreated . So what we have here is a proof by indication . Here we have a NASA engineer and a structural engineer- - they didn 't know of each other 's work- - and both pieces fit together like a puzzle . In any court of law , that 's evidence that would hold up . HANCOCK : I think that scientists feel uncomfortable with the notion of the lost civilization , precisely because the evidence for it is so ambiguous . It 's not so in your face that it 's immediately obvious . Uh , and , you know , the result is that science has not welcomed this idea . It 'll take much more evidence before it 's widely accepted . TSOUKALOS : The god that I believe in doesn 't need a vehicle in which to move around from point A to point B. Whatever was described in the Old Testament wasn 't God , it was a misunderstood flesh-and-blood extraterrestrial whom our ancestors misinterpreted as being divine and supernatural . And why ? Because of misunderstood technology . And that is the underlying thread that applies to all of the ancient astronaut theory . NARRATOR : But while ancient texts provide tantalizing clues to our past , physical evidence paints an even clearer picture . But will modern science finally prove the ancient astronaut theory ? FRISBEE : Did the ancient civilizations of Earth have access to advanced technology ? Well , it seems like they had something going on . NARRATOR : In today 's largest construction sites and quarries , huge mega-machines are used to dig , cut , and lift stone . These man-made creatures dwarf their creators and perform the work of thousands of men using modern hydraulic technologies . Without such equipment , builders could never construct modern skyscrapers . Yet , thousands of years ago , ancient civilizations were accomplishing the same work while constructing their monuments and temples using massive stones . These enormous blocks- - many weighing in excess of 100 tons- - would be a challenge even for today 's engineers . Yet thousands of years ago , people cut them out of solid rock , transported them for miles and then lifted them precisely into place . But how ? Did they cut these massive stone blocks with hammers , chisels , and copper wire , as mainstream archeologists suggest ? Could they have lifted and transported them without a pulley system or the wheel ? Or did ancient civilizations possess advanced technologies that have since been lost to science ? BAUVAL : At Giza , you just don 't have the pyramids . Linked to the pyramids are what Egyptologists call valley temples . It doesn 't take a rocket engineer that when you go there , there 's something not quite right here . Whereas the pyramids are built with blocks of two to three tons , these temples , which are minute compared to the pyramids , are built with blocks of 100 tons and some of them 200 tons . Let me tell you what a 100-ton block is . If you take 100 family cars and you squeeze them together you get one of these blocks . First of all , let alone how they moved these blocks is why would they want to use 100-ton blocks ? It simply doesn 't make sense . There 's no reason for them to want to build out of granite blocks the size of a semi truck . It 's like , " Okay , let 's do something , but let 's do it as difficult as we could possibly do it . " The reason why I am convinced that sophisticated technology was utilized in these ancient rocks is because , if we go to a stone quarry today and look at the scope of machinery required to accomplish similar things , those machines are huge . NARRATOR : Subscribers to ancient alien theory do not believe extraterrestrials built these amazing monuments , but instead provided some type of technological know-how or tools to our ancestors . Engineering expert Chris Dunn has spent several decades researching the construction tools used by the ancient Egyptians . DUNN : We 're normally taught by Egyptologists , that the ancient Egyptians had simple tools . They went to work every day using stone balls , copper chisels or copper tube and sand to grind holes in diorite and granite , extremely hard rock . And what I have actually gathered over the years is information that seems to actually argue against that notion that they had simple tools . NARRATOR : In Egypt , Dunn was able to examine ancient sites firsthand . What he found has proved to be both revolutionary and controversial . DUNN : If you look at the Giza Plateau and all the stones that they actually placed in the Great Pyramid and the Khafre Pyramid and Menkaura 's Pyramid , two and a half million blocks of stone in the Great Pyramid alone . They had to have had some efficient means of cutting them to size and putting them into place . They had to have had somebody on site who is saying , " Okay , I need a block this size , " and then getting a block to them that size stat , like immediately . NARRATOR : While searching several miles north of Giza , at Abu Rawash , Dunn stumbled upon a clue when he spotted a granite block containing a deep cut . DUNN : When I first saw it , I just didn 't know what to make of it . And it was only after puzzling over it for days , and sometimes waking up at 3 : 00 in the morning scratching my head and thinking , well , how did they make this cut ? And finally , to realize that the only way that they could have actually cut that thing was with a saw that was 35 feet in diameter . NARRATOR : The idea that ancient Egyptians used giant saws provoked much resistance from mainstream archeologists . Dunn however , was convinced . DUNN : As an ex-machinist I look for tool marks . I look for them everywhere I go . And I could be accused of , well , you know , if you 're going to look for something , you 're probably going to find it because you 're looking at it through a certain filter . Accepted , I agree . But the question is , why is it there ? Clearly , to me , that is a machine mark . But there were no machines back then . So what do I do ? I just go looking for more machine marks . And they 're all over the place . You find them on statues . You 'll find them particularly in the Luxor Museum . There seems to be an impression on the side of Amon 's buttock where it meets the bench , where there is an undercut . It was the slip of a tool . And therefore , it must have been a tool that was quite efficient . NARRATOR : Dunn also believes that the large depressions in the ground at Giza are not boat pits as is claimed by mainstream archeologists , but were actually used to hold the 35-foot saws . I speculate that they were actually saw pits , the saws were mounted in these pits , and that they ran the blocks through the saws before they put them in the Great Pyramid . NARRATOR : Another mystery involves how mega-stones were lifted up and placed into a precise position . What you find in modern construction is that to build big buildings , you need to build big instruments which help build these big buildings . And that is something which archeology has never addressed . NARRATOR : The three largest man-made stones in the world are found at the Temple of Jupiter at Baalbek in Lebanon . Each weighs an estimated 1,000 tons- - or two million pounds . A nearby quarry contains an even bigger stone , known as the Stone of the Pregnant Woman . This giant rectangular block weighs an incredible 1,200 tons . To move it today would take the strength of 21 heavy-lift cranes . PETER PALUTIKOF : Being in the construction industry , if a certain project is being constructed somewhere , particularly in mountainous areas , how would we carry this machinery , these cranes , and all that ? They are so heavy that it 's virtually impossible to take them to the site . ROGER HOPKINS : This stone came off of a ... a project in Palm Springs , where they had one of the largest excavators they could rent . They had trouble loading it into the truck . It 's well in excess of five tons- - 10,000 pounds- - small in megalithic terms , but basically what we can handle with modern machinery . We 're supposed to accept that the people who built the pyramids did not have the wheel , did not have the pulley , did not have iron . In fact , they had nothing but brutal manpower and pieces of strings . The context does not fit the evidence . HOPKINS : I 've done pulling operations in upper Egypt . Thousands of people involved in the various stages of the project , moving very fragile pieces of stone that weigh hundreds , if not thousands , of tons . Yes , you can use ropes , but you 're going to have to use other mechanical advantages . NARRATOR : But if ancient civilizations did not possess modern mechanical equipment , how did they move and lift mega-ton stones ? Some believe they were given a technical advantage from extraterrestrial visitors . You 've got to ask yourself , why would they try and do something that seems so incredibly difficult ? The answer to why they would do that has to be that it somehow wasn 't so difficult for them . It was easy . TSOUKALOS : There exists one very concise description of how these massive stones were transported from the quarry to the building site . The master builders had the capability of putting some type of a white substance- - paper-like substance- - onto the stones and they rode on it , and then they basically gave the stone block a push , and it moved by six feet as if by magic . Now , did that thing really move by magic ? No , some technology was used . CHILDRESS : That is part of the solution . In order to really move massive amounts of stone like that , they would have had to have been levitated- - somehow made weightless- - and then just moved through the air by some kind of device , perhaps even a handheld kind of device , like some beam weapon . NARRATOR : Ancient man 's method of moving large blocks is only one mystery . Another surrounds the techniques of their stonemasons . How did prehistoric civilizations cut such intricately-designed patterns in solid granite ? NARRATOR : Palm Springs , California . Master stonemason and sculptor Roger Hopkins uses a variety of advanced tools to cut and shape hard stones . Powered implements such as diamond-tipped wires and polishers enable him to fashion works of art out of huge granite blocks obtained from nearby quarries . Yet even with these high-tech tools , Hopkins cannot replicate what ancient civilizations accomplished thousands of years ago . Could these advanced engineering methods be the smoking gun that proves humans had help from alien beings ? HOPKINS : The precision on some of the work that I 've seen is just incredible . It 's possible to do by hand , but it would take an incredible amount of time . Plus , you have to have years of experience to be able to pull it off . TSOUKALOS : In my opinion , the most tangible pieces of evidence that we have regarding possible extraterrestrial technology is when we look at the ancient stone-cutting techniques . Because in some instances , we ourselves today could not replicate what our ancestors allegedly accomplished with stonemasonry . NARRATOR : Puma Punku is a large temple complex located on a high plateau in Bolivia . Mainstream archeologists date the site from approximately 200 BC . The people who lived here had neither a written language nor the wheel , yet somehow they built one of the world 's most complex structures . Ancient alien theorists view Puma Punku as clear proof of extraterrestrial influence . TSOUKALOS : The ruins we find at Puma Punku are simply extraordinary . Puma Punku defies logic . COPPENS : The interest of Puma Punku is not so much that the individual stones sorted together perfectly , but the fact that the stones , as such , are of such tremendous design that it requires concepts of mathematics which are far beyond anything we are actually using right now . Yet somehow in the past , somebody has made that for a specific purpose , and in a way which even computer programs today would kind of go , " How is this possible ? " TSOUKALOS : In the highlands of Bolivia , Puma Punku- - some of these blocks are over 40 to 50 tons each . What can you tell us about this ? HOPKINS : Boy , they ... they had their stone-cutting abilities you know , pretty well fine-tuned for 5,000 years old . I mean , it 's almost unbelievable . But these cutting planes that they have on here are very impressive . And some of the incise cuts- - see , like in here , all these interior cuts- - very hard to do . I mean , it would be difficult for us with our equipment to get that kind of precision . TSOUKALOS : Let 's talk a little bit about inside boxes . Ew , I was afraid you were gonna pull something like this on me . That is a hell of a piece of work . I mean , if we were to do something like that today , we 'd use- - what they have , these computer-driven CNC machines which are ... have diamond tips . And you have a template that , you know , the computer follows . And even then , it may not come out as perfect . TSOUKALOS : Because even though you can tell - that obviously this piece broke off ... - Mm-hmm . Nowhere in here can you see any imperfection . It 's like ... And by the way , when you 're there , if you go with your finger over these edges , and you put a little pressure on your fingertip , you can cut yourself . This is how sharp the edges are . NARRATOR : But where could the ancient peoples have developed such technology ? Is it really possible that extraterrestrial visitors provided different construction methods and tools ? When I saw these blocks , I didn 't really think that they were cut . The first thing really that I thought of was this appears very similar to Frank Lloyd Wright 's textile block system of construction , which he used in his California houses in the early 1920s . Now what he did was- - he took concrete , poured it into molds . TSOUKALOS : There actually are ancient Incan legends that suggest that they had the capability of softening the stone . At Sacsayhuaman , for example , we find these gigantic stone blocks , gigantic stone walls , where it looks as if those stones were molten , put into place , and then the stone hardened again . NARRATOR : Several hundred miles north of Puma Punku , Machu Picchu sits high atop the Peruvian Andes . Built by the Incas in the 15th century , this stone citadel was suddenly abandoned about 100 years later . Like Puma Punku , Machu Picchu also has signs of advanced engineering and possibly , molded stones . DUNN : I can 't help but think that whoever was behind this thought the process through from beginning to end . They didn 't quarry the rock , and then decide , " How the heck are we gonna transport this ? " They knew from beginning to end what needed to be done with whatever techniques and technology they were going to use , so that this was no big deal . In industry today , there 's a kind of an adage : " Keep it simple , stupid . " NARRATOR : Based on his experience , Mike Dunn believes the simplest way to build the great walls of Machu Picchu would have been to transport small rocks to the site , then melt them , and use molds to fashion the exact size and shape needed . DUNN : That would solve a lot of difficulties of constructing this wall . First , you have your shapes , all the same size , each shape . So you 're guaranteed that they would fit together , as opposed to being cut by different artisans . HOPKINS : Melting the rocks , and then pouring them into place would take an incredible amount of heat just to spoil off pieces of stone . I have a stone torch which I use for sometimes shaping granite . And , I mean , it generates a temperature of in excess of 3,000 degrees . 3,000 degrees ... that 's a lot . DUNN : When we look back at the ancients , and we see a technology that they couldn 't possibly know , there 's only two possibilities then : either God did it- - which we really don 't think happened- - or some high-tech civilization from another planet came and showed them how to do it , then took their materials and tools and went back home . The idea behind that is that none of these ancient monuments were constructed or manufactured by extraterrestrials . It was us humans who built it with extraterrestrial technology . HOPKINS : It 's entirely possible that there were visitations , that they pointed out ways to do things , and that they wanted to leave some kind of a record . I mean , if you 're gonna leave a permanent record , the only way you can do that is in stone . NARRATOR : But if advanced beings from another planet really did bring their technology to Earth , might the ancient astronauts have left one of their tools behind ? NARRATOR : The methods used to build huge megalithic structures such as Puma Punku and the pyramids of Egypt remain a mystery . But what about the tools used to build them ? Where are they ? And might they provide a clue as to how these enormous stone structures were created ? HOPKINS : A lot of the real ancient mysterious work was done at a time when there was no steel , and the copper they had was , yeah , they could harden it by cold-hammering it , but still , it wouldn 't make a dent in rocks like basalt and granite . So they would have had to use , you know , much more laborious techniques , or they had some sort of advanced technology which escapes me , and I 've been in the business 40 years . DUNN : The tools and machines must have been equal to the task of actually building the pyramids ... Crafting those statues to such a high order of precision ... Crafting those boxes to a modern-day precision that we find in our inspection lab . And the big question : Where are the tools ? NARRATOR : In the late 19th century , British archaeologist Sir Flinders Petrie scoured Egypt , looking not for the biggest items , but the smallest . Petrie was absolutely fascinated by the technical achievements of the Egyptians , particularly the early Egyptians . He constantly was looking for how they made things , how they developed things , how they continued to sort of basically perfect their tools . DUNN : We 're normally taught that the ancient Egyptians had simple tools , and what Petrie brought out is information that seems to actually argue against that notion . CHALLIS : This is an example of a drill hole . You can see the very fine lines on it . You can see the technology that 's made to use it . Um , you can see how it 's a perfect hole almost all the way through , but it tapers at one end . This is a fragment of a diorite bowl . It 's one of the hardest substances , and you can see on this , on this fragment that there 's a , a lathe mark , which is really interesting that they managed to make such a mark in such a hard material . NARRATOR : Among all the tools discovered by Petrie , however , one stood out from all the rest . While working inside the Great Pyramid , Petrie stumbled across a tubular drill made of granite . CHALLIS : Tubular drills amongst the ancient Egyptians were actually fairly common . I mean , Petrie found quite a few of them . Um , the interesting thing about the one that he found in Giza is that it 's such hard stone that was so carefully carved , precisely grooved . As you can see , it 's got very , very fine markings on it , basically lines , literally a couple of millimeters apart . You can see it goes all the way round very , very accurately , hardly any waves at all . He was absolutely amazed by this . He kept returning to it throughout his life . His theory was that the Egyptians must have had access to diamonds or some kind of jewel that would have cut it . The interesting thing about Petrie 's theory about how these drill lines are made was that he never discovered any diamonds in ancient Egypt . So where were they ? Where did they go ? We don 't know . NARRATOR : If the ancient Egyptians didn 't possess diamonds , how were the precision grooves cut onto the granite drill ? Did Petrie accidentally discover a tool made by extraterrestrials ? Machinist expert Chris Dunn attempted to answer this question by creating his own granite drill , using the known tools and techniques of the ancient Egyptians . In order to test the Egyptologist theory about how the ancient Egyptians drilled into granite , I took a tube and I fixed a crank on it , and actually used sand and silicon carbide , and after many hours of turning and drilling into this piece of granite , finally got deep enough that I could actually pop a core out . And the reason for that was to actually look at the surface , not just of the whole , but of the core . NARRATOR : The next step was to use a high-tech industrial microscope to compare his drill core to a latex copy of the one at the Petrie Museum . We have under the microscope a ... the core that we drilled with the copper tube and sand . And as you can see , the surface of the core , the striations are not very clear . There 's nothing really distinctive in terms of the feed of the tool marks using sand and , and copper . Now bringing the latex that they took of the core in the Petrie Museum , and we see something totally different . The striations are very clear , and they 're quite deep . The devil is actually in the details , and the details of this particular artifact are what I consider to be a smoking gun in terms of what level of technology we give the ancient Egyptians credit for . NARRATOR : Intrigued by his discovery , Chris Dunn performed other experiments using his precision instruments . DUNN : As you can see , this is a ... an inspection surface plate , uh , probably ground to within 2 / 10,000 of an inch . That is one-tenth the thickness of a human hair . Now , I was really amazed when I went inside the serapeum and put these gauges up against the surface , and found them to be within what I consider to be the tolerance of these particular gauges . If you would put a piece of paper under one edge of that blade- - just a piece of paper- - you begin to see that there was ... would be light leaking through . And so , the precision on the inside of the granite boxes in the serapeum are , I would say , within 2 / 1,000 of an inch , which is incredible , because those tolerances can 't just appear by accident . It was very shocking . It was astounding to me to go to Egypt and , uh , go into a facility that was supposedly 3,000 years old and find the same kind of precision . I was amazed . I 've seen evidence of the carvings on granite done in Egypt , and they did ... they did it with little shards of , uh ... of quartz . I believe they would have just scratched away the stone with that . That 's ... that 's one possibility , but I mean , that 's ... that ... that 's a heck of a lot of work to do that . I mean , we 're talking , somebody would devote years to doing something like that . TSOUKALOS : But here is my point . Here we have a real-life stonecutter- - you . Yeah . You see this , and there 's , like , smoke coming out of your head . Let 's put it this way- - I had a client come in and ask me to do that , I wouldn 't do it for any amount of money , because I 'm not going to waste my life trying to replicate that . NARRATOR : But precision-cut stone monuments are not the only enduring Middle Eastern mysteries . Engineering experts have also examined the Bible story of the Israelites ' exodus from Egypt . Just how did they survive for 40 years in the desert ? Could they have possessed intricate machines with extraordinary abilities , used not for building , but for man 's own survival ? NARRATOR : In the Hebrew Bible , the Book of Exodus describes how the Jewish people suffered as slaves living in Egypt . Then sometime in the 14th century BC , the ruling pharaoh feared their growing numbers and ordered the killing of all first-born Jews living in Egypt . In an effort to save her son , one mother put her child in a small basket and set him adrift on the Nile River . That child was found by the pharaoh 's family , who named him Moses and raised him as their own . As an adult , Moses discovered his true identity and demanded that the pharaoh free the Jews . When the pharaoh rejected him , Moses helped the Jews escape from Egypt . ( thunder cracks ) Historians believe that Moses and his people crossed the Red Sea and made their way into the Sinai Desert . According to the ancient text , God grew angry at the Jews for idol-worshipping and forced them to wander the desert aimlessly for 40 years before allowing them to enter Israel . During this time , the Bible says the Israelites survived by eating a single food source : manna . But what is manna ? A naturally abundant food provided by God or , as some believe , something very different ? TUDOR PARFITT : In the Bible , it explains how the Israelites got from Egypt , where they 'd been slaves , to the Promised Land . They had to cross the Sinai Desert . And inevitably , given that there was a lot of Israelites and very little growing , as it was a desert , they ran short on supplies . God stepped in at this point and sent manna from heaven . This took the form of some kind of seeds that rained down upon the desert , and then they were collected the next day . And they provided food for the Israelites , except Friday , when there was a double portion , because on Saturday , being the Sabbath , it didn 't fall . NARRATOR : While the Hebrew Bible fails to give a clear description of manna , another ancient Jewish text provides an alternative clue . The Zohar is a collection of spiritual commentaries and interpretations of the Torah , and is central to the mystical Kabbalah belief written in the 13th century . The Zohar describes what is called the Ancient of Days as providing the manna , but what was this Ancient of Days ? A man , a god or something else ? The text speaks of different-sized brains , different-sized faces that were connected with different tubes and different light sources . Theologians have suggested that this is a description of God . However , when looked at from a modern perspective , what is described in the Zohar isn 't necessarily a god figure , but rather a type of machine . NARRATOR : Intrigued by this information , two electrical engineers , George Sassoon and Rodney Dale , used the anatomical descriptions of the Ancient of Days to design what they called a manna machine . This really is-is the key diagram of the manna machine , as we built it up from the texts . For instance , one here is the mouth , but it 's actually the air intake , which carries what is described as the breath of life . The air goes up this tube here , which is described as the-the brain of the Ancient One , but is actually a dew still . So that although we 're talking about the great sea and the hairs of the beard and so on , at the same time , we were able to work out their relative positions and build out the specification of the machine , and find that we had something that was biochemically viable . ( speaking German ) ( translated ) : The machine took in moist morning air and condensed it in the part of the machine that looked like a Plexiglas dome . From there , it mixed with an algae culture . The culture was treated with energy , such as a strong laser light , in order to speed the growth . DALE : Of course , it needed energy for cultivating the algae . And this was produced , we postulate , in a small nuclear reactor , which would produce both heat and light as required . ( Fiebag speaking German ) ( translated ) : The manna machine was a very dangerous device . We suspect that the reactor that powered the machine was transported in the Ark of the Covenant . TSOUKALOS : We have multiple references in the Bible that whoever came close to the Ark of the Covenant and didn 't know how to operate it was smitten to death . ( thunder cracks ) And sometimes people , after they encountered the Ark , started to lose their nails and started to lose their hair . So we have evidence of some type of radiation poisoning which was in direct correlation with the Ark of the Covenant . And so , the Ark of the Covenant housed an extraterrestrial device which was given to the Israelites during their 40-year wandering through the desert . NARRATOR : The manna machine is believed to have supplied a highly nutritious form of green algae , or chlorella , as its food source . It 's yet another theory supported by modern science . DALE : We found that work in the field of space travel had already been done , where the green algae- - chlorella- - was bred in tanks and fed to people living in a closed environment and kept them alive . NARRATOR : Research studies done by NASA in the 1960s and 1970s established that human life could be sustained for extended periods of time by consuming chlorella algae and nothing else . If it 's possible for astronauts to survive on algae , could the Israelites have done the same ? ( translated ) : The manna machine was a sensitive device . In order to function properly , it had to be cleaned once a week . On that day , the machine was taken apart and cleaned , so it 's possible that the Sabbath we have today actually originated from cleaning this machine . DALE : One theory that one could put forward , of course , is that the machine , although they knew how to maintain it and make it produce the manna , that it did after a time pack up , not work anymore . And that was why they came out of the desert . NARRATOR : But if the Israelites survival depended upon the manna machine , where did they get it ? Some believe they had stolen it from the Egyptians prior to their exodus . Others suspect extraterrestrials gave it to them as a humanitarian gesture , to prevent their starvation in the desert . Eitherway , the answer , like the Ark of the Covenant , seems lost to history . Today , scientists have successfully pioneered a process that produces a substance high in protein by means of solar energy , water vapor , and chlorella algae . Could this be a duplication of alien technology from thousands of years ago ? They actually built a machine , a machine based on algae culture producing some type of super food . And we can find a similar type of technology described in the Zohar . Is history repeating itself ? DALE : One of the big questions is : Where could the machine come from ? And I suppose there are two answers to that . Either it was built on Earth , which is a theory I can 't really subscribe to . The other question of course is that it might have come from outer space somewhere . Now , that 's quite a big leap of imagination , but of course the interesting part is that it actually produces food as is used by a spacecraft . NARRATOR : If the ancient world contained manna machines , giant mega-saws , and sophisticated aircraft , what was the energy source for all of this technology ? The answer may be hiding in plain sight . Of all the ancient structures located around the world , perhaps none is more mysterious or as enduring as the Great Pyramid at Giza . At a height of471 feet , the Great Pyramid stood as the tallest structure in the world until the completion of the Eiffel Tower in 1889 . But while other pyramids and temples contain walls filled with hieroglyphics describing their purpose , the Great Pyramid lacks even a single marking . What was its function ? Why was it built ? And what secrets remain hidden inside ? BAUVAL : Nobody has been able to explain the interior design of this pyramid . It simply doesn 't make sense , according to our logic . You have narrow tunnels that you have to crouch . You emerge in grand galleries that are nine meters high . You have chambers that are made of granite , where granite doesn 't come from in the area . You have to ship the granite by barges 600 miles away . TSOUKALOS : It 's an anonymous site . Not a single inscription . Not a single hieroglyph . Not a single anything . It 's just there . DUNN : Some people speculated that it was a temple and an initiation chamber , where people would go to the king 's chamber and become enlightened . There are anecdotal reports about people who have been inside the pyramid and have come out absolutely shaken and ... because it was haunted . Egyptologists believe that the pyramids were built to bury the dead pharaoh . The problem with the accepted view is the fact that not a single dead pharaoh 's body has been found inside a pyramid , even when the pyramid was completely sealed , i.e. , not a single grave robber could have entered it . The Egyptologists say it 's to conceal the body . Well , why advertise it ? I mean , there 's nothing more visible than a pyramid for miles . And to this day , you would have thought , in this modern age , with all the knowledge we have , we should be able to explain this pyramid . We cannot explain this pyramid . NARRATOR : Engineering expert Christopher Dunn has been on a personal quest to unlock the secrets of the Great Pyramid since the late 1970s . According to him , there are specific clues in the design and construction of this mega-monument that can help answer exactly why it was built . DUNN : When you look at the Great Pyramid , and look at the culture that built it , they 're brilliant , brilliant engineers . In fact , a lot of engineers say we couldn 't build the Great Pyramid today . And it was built , supposedly , 4,500 years ago . And it was built to the precision of a machine . When I started to do the research and I examined the Great Pyramid with the eye of functionality , um , it was built like a machine . Perhaps it functioned like a machine . NARRATOR : The interior design of the Great Pyramid features four inclined air shafts emanating from the king 's chamber and the lower queen 's chamber . Like the Great Pyramid itself , their presence and purpose cannot be easily explained . The difficulty of building those shafts is incredible . It 's a bit like building a chimney at an incline across a house . I mean , as a construction engineer , it 's a nightmare . NARRATOR : In 2002 , a team of engineers and Egyptologists sent a small robot into one of the airshafts connected to the queen 's chamber . After 65 meters , a stone door blocked its path . A hole was then drilled through it . On the other side was a small room with yet another door leading further up the shaft . BAUVAL : Since the discovery of the door , we 've had every university , archeologist , anthropologist , nobody has been able to explain the purpose of the shafts . NARRATOR : But were these shafts ever open ? And if they were , what might they have been used for ? CHRIS DUNN : The early explorers that went into the queen 's chamber found that the walls were coated with a layer of salt . That kind of gelled with a theory that I had developed . You had a dilute hydrochloric acid solution coming down one shaft and hydrated zinc coming down the other shaft . And when they combined in the queen 's chamber , they created hydrogen . NARRATOR : Hydrogen . It is one of the most powerful energy sources in the universe . In the mid-19th century , it was hydrogen gas that helped lift some of mankind 's first airships , called zeppelins , into the sky . Today , it is used as a fuel to launch rockets into space . And if , thousands of years ago , the Great Pyramid was actually producing hydrogen , that would make it one of the earliest power plants known to man . DUNN : The Giza power plant theory is essentially the drawing of energy from the Earth through the Great Pyramid , and converting that energy into microwave energy . So the chemicals actually come in through the shafts into the queen 's chamber , and then they combine and mix and hydrogen boils off . The hydrogen is then lighter than air and it will flow into all the upper chambers . The energy from the Earth is then vibrating the whole pyramid . The vibrations are picked up in the Grand Gallery . So I proposed the Grand Gallery was a resonator hall and there are 27 pair of slots that actually go up the length of the gallery and then the resonators were mounted in there vertically . CHILDRESS : Christopher Dunn is theorizing that with resonating galleries , the pyramid shot a microwave out of one of the shafts . And once you started up this power plant , it would have gone on for years , decades , even hundreds of years without stopping and creating the microwave . And that was a usable energy that could be captured . DUNN : Now we can speculate where it goes from there . It could be collected in the immediate vicinity , or it could keep traveling off into space . We don 't know . That 's the mystery . NARRATOR : But if the Great Pyramid was actually a power plant producing energy , was it doing it alone , or was it part of a larger network ? And are there any clues that could tell us what all of that energy was being used for ? NARRATOR : Perhaps the 20th century 's most influential inventor was a Serbian-American named Nikola Tesla . His patents on alternating electrical currents and distribution helped establish the commercial electricity industry . He also made contributions to robotics , radar , and computer science . But while Tesla can be credited for many scientific advances , one idea that fell short was his attempt to create a wireless electrical grid . CHILDRESS : Tesla 's project was to have these towers around the United States and around the world . And they would broadcast electricity like a television station . FRISBEE : Instead of having to string power lines all over the place , you just transmit the energy through the air or through the ground . There were a number of demonstrations of this device for wireless power transmission during Tesla 's lifetime . So , we know the device worked . It appears that he was using the conductivity of the ground or the air to carry the electric current . Basically in the air , if you put enough voltage on it , you 'll get an arc across it . I mean , you see that all the time in a fluorescent light bulb . In the ground you have water , minerals , salts that can also carry the ions along , and therefore carry the electric current . NARRATOR : But while Tesla 's power towers proved popular in theory , the project ended in financial failure . But could Tesla 's idea of wireless electricity have been a rediscovery of an ancient technology ? I believe that what Tesla was doing was trying to recreate what was an ancient power system that was used around the world , and the way they did this was the use of obelisks . Obelisks as monolithic , granite towers , which are one solid piece of crystal , and the obelisks themselves were cut to special sizes and tuned like a tuning fork . NARRATOR : Could these ancient broadcast towers really have sent electricity up into the atmosphere ? And if so , how was the electricity generated ? Each of these obelisks would have required some kind of generating power station similar to what we have today . Electricity is created by rotating magnetic fields . So rotating magnetic fields generate AC power . The very first power station was built by Nikola Tesla at Niagara Falls . You 've got to have some sort of power that 's spinning the rotating fields , and in this case it would be water . So every obelisk would have had to have had a power station similar to like the one at Niagara Falls . It 's generating power , but the obelisk itself is putting the power into the atmosphere , making it useable . And this is similar to Christopher Dunn 's theory of the Giza power plant , because he believes that the Great Pyramid was actually sending a microwave beam to a satellite that was in orbit around the planet . That satellite then could have been taking microwave power and then it could transmit it again , in theory , to some other location on the Earth , such as , say , a remote island like Easter Island or something like that . From some of the descriptions of ancient flying machines , it 's possible that some form of power beaming might have been used . And in fact , for a lot of the schemes that you see , it actually would make a lot of sense because you could put the power beaming station on a mother ship in orbit . You 're just beaming energy to the vehicle , where it 's absorbed and turned into propulsion thrust . It actually makes a lot of sense , because you 're taking the energy system , the power system , off of the vehicle and locating it remotely . NARRATOR : Electricity ... power tools ... mega-machinery ... and the ability to explore the heavens ... Have these technologies been available for just the past few centuries ? Or are they of ancient origin , only recently rediscovered ? Were our ancestors capable of these incredible achievements ? Or might they have come from another source , one much more out of this world ? CHILDRESS : Civilizations were much more advanced than we give them credit , and literally , as advanced as we are today . BAUVAL : In my view , we need to take this seriously , simply because of the scale of the work . We 're looking at monuments that took , perhaps , a century to build . Even today , we have difficulty in considering such a project . DUNN : It just boggles the mind . And really , to look at those artifacts and to go back in time and say , " How did they do it ? " we are kind of cracking the lid open a little bit and looking inside to try and see just what happened in our history . It 's a question which is a scientific question . And you constantly have to ask it . And the possible answer of " Have aliens visited in the past ? " could be a potential yes . TSOUKALOS : It 's a very specific reason why all of this stuff was built in stone : for posterity , so it would last . So that a future generation would have to stumble across these monuments . We are that society who can look at these ancient monuments and finally recognize that all of this stuff was built as a message for us to see that our past is way different than what we 're being taught in school .
