 Fifth Column has claimed responsibility for the Peace Ambassador murders . Cohn 's out of control . Could 've been Tyler . Get close to Eli Cohn . You will help me destroy them . - We 're on the same side . - We don 't kill innocent people . Church officials have issued a statement condemning all anti-V rhetoric from clergy worldwide . I 'm not gonna stop . It 's priests like him that are inciting the Fifth Column . This is a house of God ! That 's Tyler 's phone . I 'm losing him . I need help . I did what I had to do to protect our species . Welcome to the future , Chad . Our future . Man and Visitor . This is Concordia . Concordia . Interesting name . From your Roman mythology , meaning a peaceful and harmonious coexistence . Man and Visitor working side by side to build thousands of these centers creating jobs and supporting prosperity across the world . Concordia will employ massive numbers of men and women . Humans will be constructing the buildings staffing the centers of learning and technology . We 've made agreements with nations around the world to build Concordia on land that is abandoned or in disrepair . So Concordia 's like a worldwide urban-renewal project ? Exactly . I 'll be hosting a gala tonight in New York to formally announce Concordia . And tomorrow , a renaissance begins across the entire planet . We will celebrate our future , shared by mankind and Visitors together . This is a house of God ! This is Joe . Leave a message . Joe , it 's me . I need to see you . It 's about our son . Hey , you . - Happy birthday . - Heh . - Thanks , Mom . Heh . - Okay . Well , it always tastes better than it looks . Breakfast birthday cake . Evans family tradition . Yeah , well , when we were a family . Oh , I 'm sorry , Mom . I just ... I don 't know , I thought Dad would call by now . Hey , it 's okay . He will . It 's early , right ? Have a piece of cake . Actually , I have to meet Lisa at the Peace Ambassador Center . Tyler , they 're killing Peace Ambassadors . Kids your age . Mom , I 'm not a kid anymore . You 're right . You 're a man now . I need you to remember that there are consequences for the choices we make . You may be 18 , but I am still your mother . I will always be here for you . Thanks , Mom . Thomas , as my chief engineer , I 'm relying on you to make sure Concordia stays on schedule . It is , my queen . Landing sites have been selected for every ship ... - ... in preparation for our invasion . - Perfect . With the release of Red Rain the human women are almost ready for breeding . As soon as Joshua is able to eradicate the human soul , we can proceed . Tonight 's gala is a tempting target for the Fifth Column . A disturbance could hinder public acceptance of Concordia and delay our plans . The Fifth Column and Eli Cohn will not be a problem . Ryan Nichols will make sure of that . You wanted to see me ? Yeah . Thanks for coming . I don 't understand . I thought you were with Agent Evans . I am . But she doesn 't know I 'm here . I want this to be kept private , Eli . Just between us . So , what do you want from me ? I have a daughter . Anna 's holding her hostage on that ship . Now , the only way I can get her back is to take Anna down . Our group is too small to do it alone . You have a bigger network . We need to work together so we can strike hard . Erica made it very clear that her cooperation last time was a one-shot deal . That our ideological viewpoints of this fight are diametrically opposed . Use me . I can bridge both sides . She trusts you ? Absolutely . Good . As the head of the FBI Fifth Column Task Force , she could be quite helpful . You call her . Get your team together . Tonight we 're taking Anna down for good . We get the wiretap on Father Landry yet ? Not yet . Judge has the paper . Evans , Bolling , clear your schedules . You 're running security for Anna 's big shindig tonight . Guest list . Paul , it 's gonna take weeks to run this many names . Hey , isn 't that your ex ? Yeah . Problem with Tyler . Had to bring in the heavy artillery . Heard about you two . Sorry it didn 't work out . Federal officer married to a civilian , that 's always tough . Runs a little deeper than that . I 'll only be a minute . - Hi . - Hey . What 's going on with Tyler ? It will be easier to explain after I show you this . They 've been here for decades , Joe . Anna 's waging a war against mankind and for some reason , she 's targeting our son . - I know it 's a lot to grasp . - Yeah . Yeah , it 's a hell of a lot . This missing ladder in Ty 's DNA , why would they do that ? We think they wanna put something else in there . Something not from you or me . This is crazy . The high levels of phosphorous in my blood , the preeclampsia the Visitors did that . They have been messing with Tyler since before he was born . What does Tyler know about all this ? Nothing . And we can 't tell him . If Anna ever thought that he knew , his life would be in danger . And yet you let him date one of them ? We can trust Lisa . Who else knows about the Visitors , what they are ? There 's a small group of us . We have to be careful who we tell . I need your help . What do you think I can do ? Why do you think I can help ? The one thing that Tyler wants more than anything else is his family back together . And that is the one thing that Anna can 't give him . I need you with me , Joe . Lisa , what are you doing ? It 's for Tyler . Today is his 18th birthday . It would raise suspicion if his girlfriend didn 't give him a present . Now that Tyler is 18 he will no longer be bound to do as his parents command . He 'll be able to make his own choices . And we must make sure he chooses us . How can we be sure he 'll do that ? Because I can give him something humanity cannot . A future . Interesting piece this morning , Chad . You think this Concordia project is all world peace jobs for everyone , chicken in every pot ? Anna hasn 't promised anything she didn 't deliver . All the same , a lot of people are asking questions about her . But not you . And I 'm not sure you 're the guy to do it . What 's that supposed to mean , Neil ? A few months ago , everybody and their mother was drinking the V Kool-Aid . Now people aren 't so sure . Ratings are slipping . I wanna change the format of Prime Focus . Add a critical voice to face off against you . - A kind of point-counterpoint ? - Exactly . We 're bringing in talent from Boston , Philly and D.C. This afternoon . Screen-test if somebody looks promising . Whatever you need . I 'm surprised you 're good with this . Didn 't figure you 'd be so willing to share the spotlight . Bring them on . Going one-on-one with the other side is only gonna make me look better . - Hey . - Hey . - Happy birthday . - Oh . Thanks . I wanted to get you something that will always remind you of us . I love it . And you . Tyler . Um ... - Yesterday at the church ... - Tyler ? Hey . Lisa , you remember Tyler 's dad ? Hey , kiddo . Happy birthday . Look , I know things didn 't go too well last time . And I 've been talking to your mom and thinking about it since I saw you last . You might not believe it , but when I turned 18 I was so much like you . My old man he wasn 't there for me either . Sound familiar ? - Go ahead . Just open it up . - Open it . After graduation , I set out on that route on that ' 82 Harley Shovelhead . Couple months on the road by myself . And it was the best time of my life . Because I found out who I really was . The bike 's yours . I restored it for you myself . - But that 's not our real gift . - This is . You have a couple of months between high school and college and I thought ... We both want for you to take some time to yourself , think about your future . I will worry every second that you 're gone but make the trip . And we 'll be here when you get back . Yeah . I want another chance , Ty . Tyler is too important . With our plans accelerated , we need him here now . We must make sure he 's ready . Can we stop him ? He appears to be giving his parents ' gift serious consideration . But he has yet to see my gift . I 've only got a minute . Kendrick has me working security for Anna 's gala , celebrate her latest gift . What if I told you we can ensure that Anna never gave another gift to Earth ? - I went to see Cohn . - Without telling us . - Last I checked , we 're all Fifth Column . - Let 's hear him out . Eli wants our help . To assassinate Anna . - How ? - A bomb . - He wouldn 't tell me more until we 're in . - We 're not . He 's insane . - The collateral damage alone ... - Which is exactly why he needs us . With you handling security , we minimize collateral . Minimize ? Ryan , we 're talking about 300 innocent people . No , no . Eli 's right . Now 's the time to strike . We know exactly where Anna 's gonna be . And you 're handling security . We may never get an opportunity like this again . Erica , Lisa would be queen . I 'd get my daughter back . And Tyler ... Tyler would be safe . Eli 's giving us a chance and I 'm taking it . With or without you . Then you mean without me too . I 'm with the lizard . As much as I would love to take Anna out I can 't agree to this . Erica , we can end this war with one swift blow . - This is our shot . - And how many innocents go with her ? Don 't do this , Ryan . Don 't put me in a position tonight where I have to make a choice . Because if I have to I will take you down . What just happened ? We can 't fall apart , not now . I am not the one who changed the plan . Every day , Anna 's grip on Tyler grows stronger and stronger . You said it yourself , Jack . No innocent lives . Look , I know it wasn 't easy . - You made the right choice . - Erica , I ... Joe . Yeah . Where are you ? I 'll be right there . - What 's going on ? - Tyler got a call from Anna . Said she had a birthday gift for him . Erica , what a surprise . I thought you would be busy with preparations . I am . Joe called . He said Tyler was so excited . I wanted us to all come up here , see this gift as a family . I 'm Joe Evans . I 'm Tyler 's father . Erica tells me you 've taken quite an interest in our son . Tyler is special . Which is why I wanted to present this very important birthday gift to him . I 'd like you to meet Thomas , my chief engineer . Pleasure to meet you , Tyler . Mr. And Mrs. Evans . Wait , so you , like , designed this ship ? - I did . - Heh . Anna tells me that you 're the perfect candidate to become part of Concordia . How would you like to be the first human to pilot one of our shuttles ? Happy birthday , Tyler . Thank you ... Thank you . Mother , how generous of you . You will live here , and I will personally oversee your training . - For how long ? - He 's got school . We 'll work around his school schedule . Soon enough you 'll be at the controls of your own shuttle . Thank you so much . Would you like a tour of the cockpit ? - Yeah . - Come . Thank you , Anna , for giving our son this incredible opportunity . Thank you for allowing me to play a role in his life . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I must prepare for tonight . I don 't know what it means , but my mother said , with Concordia starting whatever she needs Tyler for , she needs him now . Every plan she has pulls him farther and farther away from us . How are we gonna protect him now ? Come on , Kerry , you 've gotta admit that Concordia with cutting-edge technology dynamic learning opportunities , real jobs in a harsh economy is a home run for the Visitors . When newcomers arrive , you have to be careful ... - Beware of Greeks bearing gifts ? - Exactly . The Trojan horse filled with soldiers . Smallpox-infected blankets for Native Americans . These gifts didn 't work out too well for the recipients . But Anna has demonstrated the utility of her gifts . We have clean air and revitalized deserts to prove it . I 'm sure Native Americans were warm in their blankets before they started dying . - Cut . - We 're clear . That was great . The public deserves to hear both sides . It 's good TV . Kerry , the job 's yours if you want it . Hey . You 've been gone a long time . Everything okay with Ty ? He hasn 't seen his dad for a while . I wanted to be there . I 'm up to speed . Let 's get the briefing started . Great . Nice to see you again , Marcus . All right , people . With the recent increase in Fifth Column attacks protocol will be Security Level One . If I may , Assistant Director Kendrick . Before we begin , Anna would like to say a few words . I 'd like to thank the entire FBI most especially the Fifth Column Task Force for providing security at this very important event . We 're happy to assist any way we can . Thank you , Agent Evans . I know pulling together security on such short notice is no easy task . Don 't worry , Anna . Everyone in this room Your safety . You changed your mind about the assassination . Why ? Anna 's plans for Tyler have accelerated . And like Hobbes said , we have an opportunity we may not get again . Glad to see you 're coming around . But we do it our way . Without risking any innocent lives . - No bombs . - We use a sharpshooter . Hobbes can make the shot . Our team has to be perfectly coordinated . Because all eyes will be on us . And media from all around the world . We 'll have metal detectors at checkpoints and an ion scanner that will detect microscopic residue of explosives . And we 'll have a hard-line perimeter that no one will get through . The event was organized last-minute , creating vulnerabilities we can exploit . I 'm only gonna have one shot to take Anna down . Tell me where to place it . To the right of her sternum . Opposite side of the human heart . The perimeter , it 's too far out . - Shot 's gonna have to come from inside . - Okay , so how does he get in ? Hobbes ? Well , Father , if you bring a noisy rabble to the west of here since you 've joined me on the FBI bad-boy list Erica will send agents to deal with you . They 'll pull them from security , leaving a hole for Hobbes to get inside . Once there , I 'll give him access into the building . I know speaking out against the Visitors will directly contradict your orders from the Vatican . We 're all putting everything on the line to stop Anna . I 'm just ... You can count on me . The shot 's too important . You 're gonna need a spotter . Me . My men will be among your rabble making sure the cops have a nice long time away . Good . Our teams working as one . For tonight . Marcus , your security officers informed me that Anna 's personal safety will be handled by Visitor guards . - Correct . Anna will never be left unprotected . - Anna 's guards will know me by sight . - You 're not gonna be there . - Anyone spots you , we 're toast . - What about Chad ? He 'll be covering the event . Should we tell him ? The fewer people who know about this , the less chance we have of getting caught . Disposable . Untraceable . All information flows through me . We toss them when we 're done . - You ready for this ? - Yeah . - Yeah . - It 's a nice plan . May just work . Good . Any questions ? No , you and your team have been very thorough . Knowing you 're in charge , Agent Evans , I am sure Anna will feel much safer . Marcus tells me everything is ready for tonight 's announcement . Concordia 's structures will be completed by the time the effects of Red Sky have readied the humans for breeding . Your design is commendable . They 'll never know its true purpose until it 's too late . The landing function is interwoven into the building 's infrastructure . Once the cloaked ships set down the next phase of the invasion may begin . Then our soldiers can collect their women and prepare them for what 's to come . The humans think they 're building their future when in fact they 're digging their own graves . Oh , God . Do you remember the day that we brought him home from the ... ? Wow . You 've never dressed like that for work before . Thanks for noticing . Have you heard anything from Ty ? Um ... He called . He 's staying overnight with Lisa . At least I know she won 't let anything happen to him . Listen , um you be careful , okay ? I will . Listen , you have a long drive back . Do you wanna crash on the couch ? - You sure ? - Yeah . Your daughter likes to be held . - Look how happy she is . - I got word you wanted to see me . What is it , Ryan ? Torn by your decision ? Don 't be . Choosing your daughter over the humans was the right thing to do . But you have to keep up your end of the bargain . What else do you want ? You 've infiltrated the Fifth Column . I wanna know if there are any threats against us for tonight . I announced the gala last-minute so there wouldn 't be time to coordinate any violence . There 's nothing that I 'm aware of . I 'm not deep enough to be privileged with that information . Get in deeper . Her disease is getting worse , poor thing . Only my Bliss , and my Bliss alone , can alleviate the pain . Then do it . Don 't let her suffer . There , there . All better for now . I bet the president couldn 't set up such a big party so fast . Welcome to Anna 's world . Whatever she wants to happen happens . - What are you doing here ? - Talked Neil into getting me on the list . Thought , if I 'm gonna be covering Anna , I shouldn 't miss it . Think you can get me an introduction ? It 's an honor to meet you , Anna . Would you mind if I asked you one question off the record ? Kerry . Ask anything you wish . You gave us the Healing Centers and then Red Rain . You cleaned our oceans and brought life to our deserts . But what 's the real purpose behind all this generosity ? I don 't understand your question . When people are given things they didn 't ask for there 's a larger motive behind it . In human culture , perhaps . But we 've never given anything that wasn 't needed . Ask Chad . We are of peace . Always . Thank you , Anna . Great party . The presentation will begin soon . I hope you enjoy it . All right , let 's go . Keep it peaceful , but keep it strong , okay ? Come on . Father Landry 's organizing protestors at the east gate . Requesting backup . - I just got a ... - I know . Protest , south quadrant . Good Father Landry . Peel off a couple of our guys , shut it down . - I 'm on my way . - Okay . Let 's go . V 's go home . V 's go home . Whoa , back it up , please . V 's go home . V 's go home . V 's go home . Moving in . V 's go home . - What do you got ? - Got a situation . We 're gonna need everybody you got down here . It 's a celebration unlike any other tonight as Visitor High Commander Anna prepares to present her latest gift Concordia . Anna is making her way to the podium now . Only my Bliss can alleviate her pain . Ladies and gentlemen , here to launch the Concordia project please welcome to the podium High Commander Anna . Ryan just reported in . The Fifth Column is positioned to assassinate you . - We must proceed . - No . I will take your place . You are the target , not me . - What 's happening ? I don 't like this . - Marcus said something to Anna . I think someone tipped them off . Anna wishes to thank you all for coming however she elected not to speak tonight and asked that I take her place . - We need to abort . - Negative . - We have a shot at Marcus . - That is not the plan . If we can 't cut the head off the beast we can at least rob it of its right hand . We 'll never have this opportunity again . We gotta take the shot . To exemplify Concordia 's spirit of cooperation between Visitors and humans I 'd like to introduce to you an extraordinary young man . It 's war , Erica . No retreat . Think of what they have planned for your son . For humanity . Fine . Do it . Now . The first human to ever pilot a V shuttle : Tyler Evans . Abort . Abort . Hobbes can make the shot . Not if it means risking my son 's life . Your son 's life is at risk if we don 't take the shot . - We 're taking it . - Tell Erica I 've got this . Let me get him out of there . When you have a clear shot , take it . A clear shot . Confirm . Clear shot . Confirmed . Thank you . Tyler ! Ladies and gentlemen , please welcome Tyler 's mother , Special Agent Erica Evans . This is a special moment . Tyler , the first human shuttle pilot and Erica , head of the Fifth Column Task Force a key figure in protecting our presence on this lovely planet . Needless to say , the Evans family is a model of what Concordia stands for . Move ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Secure the area ! We 're good . We 've gotta get out of here now . Joshua said that Marcus is alive but his condition is critical . His injuries were deep and intricate and despite our healing technologies , he may not survive . Concordia must move forward despite this setback . I need someone I can trust at my side , to take Marcus ' place . Thank you , Thomas . Tyler has informed us that he will not be joining our program as we had hoped . I know that he was vital to your plan . Tyler is important to us . He 's the one Lisa has chosen . But he 's not our only option . There are others . I 'm so glad you decided not to do the shuttle program , Ty . We got a lot of catching up to do . You know , when I saw the blood hit Mom all I could think was I don 't wanna lose you guys . Okay . Prepare to be amazed . - Look at that . - Thanks , Mom . Happy birthday , Tyler . Make a wish . You 're lucky you have a job right now , you know that ? You and Evans both . - What the hell happened tonight ? - I don 't know . But I can think of a few colorful things to call it . I have a theory . Let 's hear it . I gave Erica a lot of rope today , and she took it . - Yeah , I 've seen it . - Yeah , but you haven 't seen this one . It was taken this morning when she was supposed to be with her kid . Surveillance unit had it for me when I got back here tonight . What 's your point ? This wasn 't Lee Harvey Oswald and the school book depository . It was a highly coordinated plan , multiple parties acting together . Father Landry 's protest was no coincidence . It was a planned distraction . Now , I let him go because I wanna catch a bigger fish . What are you saying , Chris ? Request to the Justice Department for a formal investigation into Special Agent Erica Evans . I don 't like it either , Paul . But we can 't ignore this any longer . I heard all about what you did tonight , Jack . You know what the consequences are for something like this . The Vatican was clear . I only did and said what I believe in . I don 't understand . You 'll be laicized . You 'll never wear the collar again . They can take my collar but they can 't take my faith . You lied to me . You knew about the assassination attempt before I left . It may cost Marcus his life . I 'm sorry , Anna . You were right . I don 't have anyone . Okay ? That 's why I warned you . That 's why I saved your life . Now , please , Bliss my daughter . I 'll give you whatever you want . Whoever you want . Yes you will . Thank you my queen . Marcus ' condition remains unknown at this time following the attempt on his life earlier tonight . Stay tuned to WNT for continuing live coverage of all of the events surrounding tonight 's gala . Who the hell tipped Anna off ? There were only two people who had the information and the means to alert her . One person and one reptile . I know damn well it wasn 't Erica . Ryan .
