 - There 's a small group of lieutenants . Eli relied on them . Present us with a plan . If you do not , leadership will pass to someone proven . Tyler 's body appears to be rejecting the surge of phosphorus . - Have the backups been tested ? - Young man from Barcelona . - Arrange for Rafael to visit with Lisa . - I can 't do this . - You have to go . - You disobeyed my orders . You must convince Anna you are the loyal daughter she expects you to be . They 're using us to fast-track their own evolution . We will stop that from happening . One unique strain of DNA , Joshua . Extracted from every carefully selected live-aboard . The finest genetic material mankind has to offer . Soon it will be ours . The last group of live-aboards arrives tomorrow . Then we will collect all the remaining DNA we need from the humans . Now that I 've decapitated the leadership of the Fifth Column our plans can finally continue without interruption . Is the connection secure ? No , I thought I 'd run the pow-wow through Facebook . It was one thing to get the job . It 's another to do it . It 's time to prove yourself . That 's a little dramatic , no ? Which doesn 't mean he 's wrong . You 're the leader of the global Fifth Column now . It 's not just our lives in your hands anymore . All right , we 're good . Okay , let 's do this . Get Eli 's lieutenants on the line . Time is a factor so I 'm going to make this quick . Anna 's breeding plan relies on getting the DNA from the live-aboards . - We 'll stop her from doing that . - How do you plan to stop her ? The last live-aboards go up to the ships tomorrow . I will track down a list of all the participants in each city . We 'll send the names so you can coordinate your strikes . We 'll strike using the live-aboards themselves . Meaning what , exactly ? - We 'll corrupt their DNA . - We 'll acquire a flu strain then program it to destroy reproductive functions of DNA it encounters . Once the Visitors extract the target 's DNA and mix it with the larger pool it will render all the extracted DNA useless . On every ship around the globe . DNA bombs . The next evolution of attack . Anna believes she silenced the Fifth Column with the death of Eli Cohn . If we pull this off , she 'll know we 've reemerged with stronger leadership . She 'll use any means to find out who that leader is . Are you ready to carry that burden ? I am prepared to do whatever it takes . Stay on standby . We 'll be in touch . I 'll start on the list . We 'll get the virus . Closest place is Jameson Labs , under lock and key . Okay , so how do we get inside ? We break in and steal it . My kind of leader . There 's a situation with the 29 breeding candidates . This morning in Beijing , one of the boys collapsed and died . A short time later , another died in Johannesburg . Whatever struck them remains unknown . The other boys , are they okay ? As far as we know . What about Tyler ? He has shown no signs of illness during training . Take every precaution . Determine the cause and find a cure . Fortunately , the boy from Johannesburg died while touring the mother ship . His corpse is being sent here so I can conduct an autopsy . We must keep every breeding option open for Lisa . Until we can be sure that Tyler 's phosphorous levels have stabilized Rafael remains the most viable backup . But Lisa rejected him . Thanks to your work accelerating the hybrid 's aging process my backup queen egg is nearing maturity . Which means either Lisa rises to her call with Rafael or she will meet the same fate Death . I can 't do this . I 'm sorry . You have to go . Not your most regal performance . You 'll be fertile soon . Much will be expected of you as the future queen . I need to know you 'll make the right choices . Of course , Mother . I 've made plans with Rafael . This time I will perform all of my duties . A private word , my queen . A complication has arisen regarding one of the live-aboards . Jennifer Hartswell . She has a uniquely high immune system . One that we 've never seen in any other human . Her mother , Melissa , has been invited to join Live Aboard so that we may access her daughter 's DNA . However , she is reluctant to come up here . Do whatever it takes to alleviate her concerns . We tried , but Melissa Hartswell insists on meeting you . Arrange for a meeting immediately . I 'll handle her . Mother to mother . I know I 'm not the resident badass , but a heist like this ? Shouldn 't there be , you know , some elaborate plan ? Suction cups , tuxedos , gorgeous Ukrainian spies ? All right , forget the spies , I 'm just saying . It is a small lab . Minimum security . Plus , we need the virus right away . We go fast and hard , and get out before they knew what hit them . - Cowboy-style . - Easy , Wild Bill . These are human guards , not V 's . We go in non-lethal to take them down . Right , there are three guards here , here and here . - Okay . - All right . Sounds good . Break a leg . - You 're coming with . - Me ? No , no , no . No , I 'm good . We need to know which virus to look for , how to transport it . - We can do this without him . - We have one shot at this . We cannot make a mistake . The live-aboards go up tomorrow . - This is not up for debate . - Wait , what ? Not up for debate ? - Look at him . He 's a scared kid . - Well , I 'm not scared . Sid , wait . Erica , would you risk Tyler like this ? Tyler 's gone . Anna took him from me . If I 'm gonna get him back , if we 're gonna win this war then I need to stick a dagger into the heart of Anna 's plan . Melissa Hartswell ? I 'm Anna . Hi . Nice to meet you . And you must be Jennifer . Aren 't you the cutest little thing ? She 's a little bit shy . I really appreciate you meeting me on such short notice . I heard you had some concerns about the Live Aboard program . Yeah , um , you know , if I came up here I would have to leave Jennifer . Jennifer is invited to come , so she could be with you . But there are no other children up here . I 'm just concerned that she wouldn 't have friends to play with . Melissa , I 'm gonna confide something in you . Something I 've kept from the public due to safety considerations . I have a daughter of my own . She 's precisely Jennifer 's age . Her name is Amy . That was my mother 's name . What a nice coincidence . Aw . Hey . So pretty . Go get your doll and we 'll play another game , okay ? Anna promised you time with your child . That time is up . Hey , wait a minute . Hold up . Wait a minute . Hey ! Wait a minute , hey ! Anna also wanted you to have this . Where 's my daughter ? You 've been experimenting , aging her . That 's my daughter . Where is she ? She 's with Anna , heavily guarded . You 'll never get close . Besides , you and I both know she needs Anna 's Bliss to keep her from terrible pain . You can cure her . No . Why don 't you kill me ? Joshua , we were comrades once . In the Fifth Column . Don 't you remember that ? That 's not who I am anymore . When you 've been touched by human emotion , it 's always in you . Somewhere . Hope you find it again . Jameson Labs . There it is . Let 's go steal a virus . Get him . Come on , let 's go . Look , we gotta hurry . - Let 's go ! - Get his ID . Let 's get rid of his gun . - Come on , run ! - Let 's go ! Dump him . Hide the body . Put him in that room . Jack , stay here . Keep your eye out for the third guard . All yours , professor . You do know what you 're looking for , right ? Damn it . Got it . - Don 't move . - Get down ! I 'm hit . You 're okay . You 're gonna be okay . - You 're good . - Grab the virus . Come on . Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go ! Hey , Sid , Fierro 's got the jets on the ground , waiting . What is taking so long ? Sorry I 'm not up to your speed standards for handling viruses . There . Now I 'm done . The eagle is ready to land the eggs in the nest . - What ? - It 's code . - Are you all right ? - Yeah . Through and through . Missed the arteries . Shot by a rent-a-cop . What 'll you tell the guys ? Quite a shot you made yourself back there , Erica . Double-tap to the chest . I knew he was wearing a vest . Did you ? We had a mission with a ticking clock . Twenty-eight jets awaiting a virus that we had to deliver . I took the shot because I couldn 't risk failure . Here , let me help . You saved my ass back there . If Chad doesn 't get back with that list of live-aboards , it was all for nothing . Yeah . Still no sign of Ryan Nichols . The guard that was tasked to kill him failed . - He was immolated . - Keep looking . He has nowhere to hide . How will you play mother to a child that is not yours ? I 'm the only mother she 's ever known . I fed her . I took away her pain . Pain from a disease which you inflicted upon her . All that child knows is that when she was in agony I made her feel better . Lisa . Rafael . Come in . Thanks for offering to show me the ship . The Peace Ambassador Exchange Program has many perks but this is the best of them . I figured you didn 't want to see me again after last night . No , not at all . I was just nervous . Not anymore though . Hey ! Get away from her . Tyler , wait . Lisa , what the hell is going on here ? Hey , man , calm down . - Calm down ? - Tyler . Tyler , stop ! Rafael . Oh , my God . This is a list of all the live-aboards going up to the New York ship tomorrow . I ran down as much information as I could on them . I sent the lieutenants the lists for the other cities . So who do we choose ? Whoever 's closest . We 're running out of time . As we speak , our virus is winging its way around the globe . Let 's just hope when it interacts it remains stable . What do you mean , " remains stable " ? The DNA virus is untested . With any experimental treatment , let alone a virus there 's the possibility for serious side effects . Even death . You told me there wouldn 't be any side effects . That this wouldn 't harm people . That our carrier was just a ... You lied to me , didn 't you ? If I had told you the truth , you wouldn 't have come this far . You 're right . I wouldn 't have . So is this what we do now , Erica ? We lie to each other ? This is no time for conscientious objectors . We need to get this virus into a live-aboard now . And if we do , that person could die ? The Erica I know wouldn 't let that happen . When you were in the Army and a superior officer gave you an order , what did you do ? - I followed it . - Consider this an order . There 's our live-aboard target . Will Lerner . Assuming his credit-card statements don 't lie he should be headed for his daily caffeine fix . Right on schedule . So I can just pour the virus into the coffee ? Easier than sticking him with a needle . But you can 't just dose and dash . Make sure it absorbs into his drink . Once it does , it 'll only take one sip . You sure about this , Erica ? It 's my plan . I should be the one to do it . That 's not what I 'm asking . Rafael is on life support . His ailment is the same one that killed the breeding candidates in Beijing and Johannesburg . It appears the stripped-ladders in the boys ' DNA are collapsing . - Fix this . - I can 't . The DNA mixture is the only solution . Until we acquire the last of the DNA from the live-aboards , we could lose all these boys . We 've come too far to let that happen . I 'll get the DNA . I don 't know if you should be here . I wanted to apologize . Is Rafael gonna be okay ? I don 't know . There are some things that I can 't explain to you . Things bigger than you and me . But if you really cared about me , trusted me you wouldn 't have acted the way you did . It 's because I care about you that I acted that way . Maybe if you were human , you 'd understand that . You should leave . Please . The virus arrived safely . We had to switch our Paris target at the last minute . And we almost failed in Delhi and Ankara . But it 's a go . Congratulations . The last shuttle just lifted off . The New York live-aboards should arrive on the mother ship shortly . Now all we can do is wait . Melissa , I 'm glad you changed your mind about joining the Live Aboard program . Actually , it was Jennifer . She 's looking forward to meeting Amy . Amy 's words exactly . Let 's get you settled in . All right , let 's go . Have Joshua begin the DNA extraction on Jennifer immediately . Very good . Your palm , please . Welcome to the New York mother ship . Hello . Hello . Palm , please . Oh , Mr. Lerner . We 're so pleased to have ... The live-aboard is alive . I 've sedated him until we can determine the cause of his collapse . Something was introduced into his system . A virus altering his DNA . Had we harvested his DNA for the mixture it could 've contaminated the human growth matter which we have spent months collecting . My entire plan would have been set back irreparably . Alert the other ships . Rescreen every live-aboard . Tell them what to look for . Once the contaminated live-aboards have been identified have the virus removed and the needed DNA extracted . Afterward , anyone carrying the virus will be executed . Such an action would surely draw the world 's attention . The only cover story I can offer is to say these people were Fifth Column and died during their attack . You would effectively be announcing the rebirth of the Fifth Column . I have no other choice . You wanna die for your cause ? I 'll grant you your wish . Don 't scream . I 'm not gonna hurt you . You 're Ryan Nichols , aren 't you ? The whole ship 's been looking for you . I need you to help me , Lisa . And what makes you think I 'd do anything to help Fifth Column ? A common friend . Erica Evans . You can help me get my daughter away from your mother . Help us get off this ship without her knowing . Don 't follow in her path , Lisa . There was a queen before her and she was nothing like your mother . Ryan , there is someone on this ship who can help you . I don 't believe it . - My queen . - Ryan Nichols . I remember all my children . We thought you were dead . Lies of my daughter . What 's going on , Lisa ? Why is he here ? My mother tried to have him killed . He needs help . He 's an ally , we can trust him . Ryan needs to escape the ship without anyone knowing . If I help you then I expect you to do a favor for me in the future . Anything . I built secret escape pods cloaked from detection from humans and Visitors . Unfortunately , I never got to use them . I 'll distract my mother , give you a clear window to escape . We need allies like you , Ryan . You 're more valuable alive and on the ground . I 'm not gonna leave my daughter here again . Let me see her one last time ? I don 't understand . I have a daughter . She had a human mother . A hybrid ? I thought that was impossible . Do you have any idea what this could mean for our future ? For our species ? Anna 's holding her captive , she made her sick . Only her Bliss can cure her . Just because I 'm down here doesn 't mean that I stopped being your queen . I can use my Bliss to cure your daughter . Any enemy of my daughter is a friend of mine . Thank you . Okay , we 're going live in three , two ... Good evening . It is with a heavy heart that I bring you tonight 's headlines . There has been another Fifth Column attack upon Anna and the Visitors . This time , aboard the New York mother ship . We 've also received word of similar attacks on mother ships across the globe . According to information released by the Visitors Fifth Column suicide bombers gained access to the ships as part of the Live Aboard program and blew themselves up . No names have been released although sources here have ID 'd the New York mother ship perpetrator as Will Lerner , an MTA driver from Long Island , no family . We 'll keep you updated on this story throughout the evening . - The plan failed . - On the surface , yes . But we showed that the Fifth Column didn 't burn in the fires from that siege . Anna was forced to admit publicly that the Fifth Column is back . We still have to stop Anna 's breeding plan , and we will . What 's our next move ? We stay on the offensive and we don 't stop until we 've won . Well done . Sid , Hobbes , could you give me a moment with Jack ? Yeah , come on , mate . I 'll buy you a beer . You are old enough to drink , right ? You 're awfully quiet . Well , congrats on your , uh , victory . You 're clearly an effective leader . But Will Lerner is dead . And so are 28 others . - Someone needs to acknowledge that . - You just did . So why won 't you ? Do you want me to say I 'm sorry ? This is a war , Jack . There are billions of lives at stake . If I had to make that choice again , I would . No , Erica . I refuse to believe that part of you doesn 't see the tragedy in this . The only tragedy here is that the DNA bombs failed . Lisa , I wasn 't expecting you . I wanted to tell you that you can count on me to be the next queen . I will not let you down , Mother . I would expect nothing less . I 'm sorry . I have to do this . I 'll come back for you . I promise . The specimen was successfully extracted from Jennifer Hartswell . The DNA mixture is now complete . Prepare the injection for the boys immediately . Begin with Tyler Evans . Of course , my queen . There is still the Fifth Column . How did they know to infect the live-aboards ? Today 's Fifth Column offensive was different . Focused . They know more of my plans than I thought . - What would you have me do ? - Identify their new leader . Before they grow too strong . Ryan escaped . - Thank you . - Your instincts were right to bring him to me . Ryan feels emotion , like us . As does your mother , yet she denies it . Which is her weakness . Our strength is that we embrace emotion . - Which makes us a threat . - A threat ? - How ? - You will know soon enough . For now , we need to reach out for help . There is someone aboard this ship that I trust . Someone who needs to know that I am here . Leave us . I wish to speak with him . I have a message from Diana . She 's alive . This is Jack . Leave a message . Um , hi , it 's me . Look , I know today was hard . Will you give me a call when you get this ? Hobbes . What are you doing here ? Figured after a day like today , you could use a friendly face . Really ? So we 're friends now ? Heh . Well , then consider this tactical support . A leader 's nights can get lonely . You know , the second-guessing , the stakes . I just wanted to tell you , face-to-face , you did bloody good today . See you tomorrow . Do you wanna come in ? Yeah , sure . Never been here before . Well , you kept R.S.V.P. ' ing no to all my Fifth Column dinner parties . Bit more homey than my place , eh ? How you holding up ? - The truth ? - Yeah . I don 't know . Joe 's gone , Tyler 's up there . I 'm just trying to stay tough . I know the feeling . I had someone that I cared about once . But she died . We 're gonna get your kid back . I promise you that . You wanted to see me , Anna ? You 're becoming quite a pilot . It 's time to prepare your body for interstellar travel . Prepare my body ? A necessary precaution . This will allow your body to survive in deep space . Don 't worry , it won 't hurt a bit . Please , allow me , Joshua . This is an important moment . For Visitors and humans . For the two of us . You 're right , didn 't hurt a bit . I would never hurt you , Tyler . I would never harm any human being .
