 You nearly died when you were a boy . Previously on Fringe : I became consumed with saving you . I don 't remember any of that . - I can 't let Peter die again . - What did you mean by that ? I designed a device intended to cross the time-space continuum and retrieve my dying son . - Walter , I gotta tell Peter the truth . - Things have never been better . I can 't lose him again . I can 't . Give me time to prepare . Please . Next , Boston Main Station . Transfer to the orange line , silver line and all commuter rails . TEENAGER : Any change ? Excuse me , ma 'am , do you have any spare change ? Thank you , God bless you . Sir ? Any spare change ? - No . No , I 'm sorry . - Anything you can manage ... Thank you . God bless you anyway , sir . Now approaching on track 18 , the 331 express train ... Now approaching Boston Main Station . Spare change ? Oh , God . Oh , God . No . No , please . Let me out of here ! Help ! Let me out of here ! Leave a message . It 's Peter , pick up . Hey , Walter , it 's Peter . Your son , Peter . Come on , Walter . Pick up the phone . Walter , pick up the receiver and hit the square black button next to the red flashing light , remember ? Fine . When you get this , get your kit together . Just got off with Olivia , she said there was an incident on a train . I know how you love trains . Thought it might cheer you up . Be home to pick you up in 15 minutes , all right ? You notice anything weird ? Not yet , but give it 10 minutes . I was actually talking about Walter . Hello , I 'm Dr. Walter Bishop . He 's been avoiding me . He didn 't even look at me in the car ride over her . He 's stopped eating . Got him a new box of Peek Freans , he hasn 't opened it . - Did he say something ? - No . All week , it feels like he 's been enveloped in this sadness . I haven 't noticed anything . Oh , my . Sir . What are you doing ? - Checking their underwear . - Their underwear ? Surely you 're familiar that with sudden death victims often experience a sudden bladder release of urine . And sometimes , excrement . - Get off this train . - He 's with me . Thank you . I don 't know what happened to these people , Agent Dunham . My first guess is collective heart failure . These people died from a heart attack at the same time ? Perhaps it was sympathetic , contagious . Like yawning . Come on , Walter , you really believe that ? Walter , does your theory suggest why all the lights would be out in this car ? No . There should be battery backup . Unless it wasn 't serviced properly . Agent Dunham . Crossed paths with a man as he entered the car . Six foot , brown hair , wearing a trench coat . And he 's sure that he saw him coming out of this train car ? The man didn 't speak to him or acknowledge him . He just exited down the stairs of the platform . Did we pick him up on surveillance ? Waiting to get word if they pull him on any footage . Agent Dunham . Hey , Ryan . Found this over there . Oh , my God . Excuse me , gentlemen , that 's mine . Thank you , thank you . All the batteries are dead . It 's not just the lights . This is her cell phone . They 're all dead . Cell phones , laptops , mp3 players . - They 're all completely drained . - Any theories , Dr. Bishop ? Oh , no . Except my initial theory of collective heart failure is probably incorrect . I 'll need to take some of these bodies back to the lab . Six or seven should suffice . We have an image from the platform cameras . Who is this guy ? And how did he kill everything on this train ? This is unusual . Dying organisms struggle for their last breath . These people appear as if their switches have simply been turned off . - Hey , how 's it coming in here ? Hi , Peter . Not very good . Take samples of this man 's lung , brain , and skin . - Something 's not right here . - Yep , I think it 's my paycheck . Whatever it is , I 'm sure you 're gonna make sense out of it , Walter . Walter , what 's going on with you ? Is there something you wanna talk about ? No . Everything 's fine . Astro , show me those previous cellular samples . That 's extraordinary . ATP concentrations are unusually low . The process should continue for hours , even after death . This man 's mitochondria ceased functioning well before it should . What do you say I take samples of the rest ? - See if there 's a trend . - See if there 's a trend . So , what are you saying , Walter ? Something was able to reach inside people 's mitochondria and ... Drain them , like the batteries in the electrical devices on the train . It wasn 't just their hearts that stopped , it was every cell in their bodies . What do you think could do something like that ? I have no idea . Twenty years ago , a person walking through Boston showed up on an average of 10 different surveillance cameras . Now , it 's hundreds . - Bad for privacy but good for us . - I asked them to output each source to a different monitor . Give us a sense of the route . Play it . He exits the train station , crossing Ferris Ave . , continuing north . This is from the bank on Howard Street . Coming around the corner . There , he enters a caf ? He spent almost 45 minutes inside , then left the establishment . Guy kills a train full of people and then stops for a meal ? And the trail goes cold there . He left the caf ? we couldn 't locate him on any cameras . But we have a place to start . Caf ? Wilusa . Yeah , he was here this morning . He comes in all the time . - Weird guy . - Weird how ? Well , he always draws on stuff . Like the napkins and the placemats . - Well , what sort of stuff does he draw ? - Some kind of math , I think . To be honest , my higher math ends at calculating my tip . So ... - Does he ever pay with a credit card ? - Sometimes he does . Here . This is him . " Alistair Peck . " Thank you , this 'll really help . AGENT 1 : Clear . AGENT 2 : Clear . AGENT 3 : Clear . Send the Bishops up please . These mathematical formulae are extraordinarily complex . Physicists use diagrams like these to shorthand ideas about how subatomic particles behave . These are sublime . This may explain his flourish for numerical wallpapering . Astrophysics . He teaches at MIT . If I comprehend this correctly then this Alistair Peck has taken Einstein 's theory of relativity and turned it on its ear . I grasp portions of it tachyons are depicted here , but I fail to see their relevance . However , it does confirm that Dr. Peck was dealing with tremendous energy to do whatever it is he 's doing . PECK : What ... ? What are you doing with my things ? AGENT : Peck is here . He 's downstairs . He just walked in off the street . Guess that explains what all the surgical tools were for . What did you do to the people on that train ? Twelve innocent people . Those people aren 't dead , miss . Not permanently . - Of course they 're dead . PECK : But they soon won 't be . Although others soon will be , I 'm afraid . Dr. Peck , I want you to lie down on the ground now . PECK : Don 't take my computations . They 're meaningless to you . It is well within my ability to make it so that you are never in possession of things I require . - You 've implanted a faraday mesh . What are you talking about ? A shield to create a temporal pocket around your body . Of course . Of course , what ? Why would he need a temporal pocket ? - That 's fantastic . Dr. Peck , what are you doing ? Dr. Peck . - Walter , what 's happening ? Get down . I said get down on the ground . Spare change ? I 'm sorry you have to go through this again . Oh , God . Oh , God . Let me out of here ! Leave a message . Hey , Walter , it 's Peter . Your son , Peter . All right , fine . When you get this , get your kit together . Just got off with Olivia , she said there was an incident on a train . I know how you love trains . Thought it might cheer you up . Coming home to pick you up in 15 minutes , all right ? You notice anything weird ? Not yet , but give it 10 minutes . I was actually talking about Walter . Excuse me , I 'm Dr. Walter Bishop . Is this the car ? Right over there . Must be the car . Oh , my . Here 's the initial report . Think these people died from a heart attack at the same time ? Perhaps it was sympathetic , contagious . Like yawning . Walter , does your theory suggest why all the lights would be out in this car ? No . There should be battery backup . Unless it wasn 't serviced properly . I 'll need to take some of these bodies back to the lab . Six or seven should suffice . Agent Dunham . He crossed paths with the suspect as he entered the train car . Says the man was in a raincoat . Six foot , brown hair . Says he touched the railing . We 're dusting for prints . Hi there . The man from the train , did he say something to you ? - Yeah . - What did he say ? " I 'm sorry you have to go through this again . " " Again " ? And what then ? He stepped off the stairs and walked away . Agent Broyles , Agent Dunham . All the batteries are dead . Cell phones , laptops . They 're completely drained . Hey , Ryan . - Look , found this on the floor over there . - My God . Oh , thank you . Thank you . That 's mine . - He found it on the floor over there . - Oh , oh . Thank you . - The mitochondria were depleted ? Yep , completely drained . Victims didn 't die of a group heart attack , they were drained of biological energy . - Just like their phone batteries . - Pretty much . " How " is the question . Walter is still working . I 'll let you know if he finds out anything . - Okay . - Dunham . We managed to ID the print we lifted off the train-car railing . We got lucky . It matched a set NASA has on file . " Doctor Alistair Peck . " What did he do at NASA ? He was classified as part of a think tank . We don 't know much more than that yet . Well , we know he lives here , 412 Inman Street . AGENT 1 : Clear . AGENT 2 : Clear . Send the Bishops up please . Mr. Peck may have done project work for NASA but he 's employed locally . Astrophysics , he teaches at MIT . What ? Wow , I 'm having déj ? vu . Yeah . I read that déj ? vu is fate 's way of telling you that you 're exactly where you 're supposed to be . That 's why you feel like you 've been there before . You are right in line with your own destiny . - Well , do you believe that ? - Ehh . No . It 's a bit mystical for my taste . I never get them myself maybe because I 'm not on track with my destiny . - Huh . Look at this . - What is it ? A photo album . Okay , but who are you ? What 's your name ? Well , one of them 's bound to be back sooner or later . Hopefully sooner . Shall we go home now ? I 'm tired of waiting . Olivia might I come with you ? In your car . I can 't drive home with him . - I can 't look at him . - Walter . You can 't keep doing this . Peter knows that something 's upsetting you . I 've written him a letter . Instead of me stammering in fits and starts a letter is more concise . It explains everything in just the right words . Except that every time I think I 'm ready to tell him I envision his reaction when he reads it . I run the scene in my mind again and again and every time , the outcome is terrible . But I will do it . But first there 's something I 'm waiting for , Agent Dunham . - Something important . Hey , guys , check this out . Templates . Forms . What are they for ? What you 'd use to cast machine parts . These look handmade . This one is dated several months ago . This one , even earlier . He refers to them as prototypes . But prototypes for what ? BRYCE : Alistair Peck was a professor here for six years . His focus ... Obsession was particle acceleration . Creating wormholes without a particle collider . You 're saying Dr. Peck 's area of expertise was time travel ? He kept cranking out theories , every one of them was over our heads . - Must be frustrating for his superiors . - Embarrassing is a better classification . They wanted to fire Alistair but he saved them the trouble and left a year ago . Is this his wife ? Ah . The fiancée . Her name is Arlette . - Do you remember her last name ? - I don 't recall . Do you know any other friends he had ? People he knew ? BRYCE : That 's the sad thing . He was kind to everyone , but he never socialized . I think I was his only friend . Well , anything that you can remember about Mr. Peck it could be important . BRYCE : Alistair sent me these about six months ago to proofread . - He had hopes of seeing them published . - Can we take them ? Only gathering dust here . They are pretty dense . Most would say it 's gobbledygook . Well , I happen to know someone who is fluent in gobbledygook . I 'm finished . Another 20 years , with the assistance of some other great minds I will have absorbed this information . Alistair Peck has conceived of some extraordinary theories and is possibly implementing them . Meaning what ? He may well be able to travel through time . Conceivably . Einstein himself theorized this . Ten a.m. , 11 a.m. He said that if something could propel an object faster than the speed of light , then time would appear to bend . When those two folds connect a tremendous amount of energy is required to absorb the jump . From any power source . So the laptops , the phones . - And anyone who was near him . - Yes . What you 're saying is Peck 's moving through time is what killed these people . - That is my theory . Yes , and Olivia , if it is right then we may well have apprehended this man already . Possibly several times . I found his fiancée . The car in one of the pictures is registered to an " Arlette Turling . " Her license information 's coming through . Okay , that 's her . Find out what you can . She 's our only connection to Peck . The third volume is unfinished . There 's a handwritten segment at the back then the writing stops . The unfinished chapter is entitled : " Achieving the Arlette Principle . " - What did you just say ? - " Achieving the Arlette Principal . " I think I know why Peck is doing this . Arlette Turling was killed in a car accident 10 months ago . On the 18th of May . What if Alistair Peck is going back to save her ? Grief can drive people to extraordinary lengths . Now , considering the amount of energy that was drawn when he landed at the station this morning using Peck 's own theories I estimate that we witnessed just a 12-hour jump . A 10-month jump , the results would be devastating . - Well , how many casualties ? - It would depend where he landed . Hundreds . This is weird . I did a search for Peck 's cell phone when we first ID 'd him as a suspect . He didn 't have one . But Arlette Turling 's number is still active . Someone 's paying the bill . Now , in the past 24 hours , the primary cell tower that 's been handling the signal from Arlette 's cell phone is a tower near AIbany Street . What 's near Albany Street ? MIT . What 's he doing at MIT ? The professor said she hadn 't seen him for a year . Well , Walter has a lab here , maybe Peck has a lab there . According to the files the lab registered to Peck when he was professor here was Lab 107 . Are there any windows in that lab ? Get your men on the rooftops . - Those guns really necessary ? - You okay ? - You want me to take you back home ? - No , Peter . No . - Just stay there . Agent Broyles . - Agent Dunham . If we are correct , for Peck this is about bringing a dead loved one back to life then Peck and I , we have something in common . - Let me speak to him . - Walter . Of course , I know that killing him is the only way to ensure he won 't jump but if I could talk to him , I think I can convince him to stop this . Please . Let 's talk to Broyles . Yes . It 's cold outside And the paint 's peeling off of my walls There 's a man outside In a long coat , grey hat , smoking a ... Wait . I 'm not a threat . I am an ambassador . I know who you are . You 're Dr. Walter Bishop . I 've read you . New Frontiers in Genetic Hybridization . And I know that if you wanted to you could disappear from here in a second . Please trust me . You and I both know there are certain things we take for granted . The laws of nature , for example that are not necessarily binding . There are places on this Earth where two plus two most definitely does not equal four . You figured out how to bend time . But you 're only interested in traveling to the past . Your goal , your next jump , is the 18th of May . So you know . The 18th of May . Yes . Don 't do that . Don 't stand there . There are snipers outside . Stay away from the window . - I hope he knows what he 's doing . PECK : Why are you here ? What do you really want ? My calculations show what you must already know . An enormous amount of energy will be drained from wherever you arrive and a large number of people will be killed . - But each jump back clears that slate . - No . If you are reunited with your fiancée , and you pull her from that car the victims of this last massive reset will remain dead . Listen on the day of the crash , we argued . Arlette wanted me to go to some store to register for wedding gifts . And I hurt her feelings , then I left . As I walked , I became drawn to something on the horizon . A large red ball . It was a hot-air balloon , moored on the city 's outskirts out in this field . I spent the whole day in this field looking at this balloon . And I got my answer . I had an epiphany of how to physically apply my theories of time travel . I was in that field the moment her car was hit . Eighteen May , 2 : 18 p.m. If I 'd have simply done what she asked me , if I 'd have said : " Sure , I 'll go with you " I know it wouldn 't have happened . I will jump back . But I 'll jump back into that empty field , Walter . And I will only drain the energy from the plant life . Energy will be dispersed , no one will die and I will pull Arlette from that car , save her life . I know why you haven 't gone back to May 18th yet . Because you don 't know how to . You haven 't been able to jump back any further than the train . What happened ? Someone get that signal back online . You approximated the time curvature using a seventh-order polynomial . But you made one small error . For the distance you require it should be at least nine . I 've read you too . We can 't get it back online . He turned the radio off . Get a team up there now . I 'm telling you how to do this , but I am telling you you cannot do it . - I must do it . - You 'll never live with the consequences . - I told you no one will die . That 's not the consequences I am talking about . I , too , attempted the unimaginable , and I succeeded . I crossed into another universe and took a son that wasn 't mine . And since then , not a day has passed without me feeling the burden of that act . I 'm going to tell you something that I have never told another soul . Until I took my son from the other side I had never believed in God . But it occurred to me that my actions had betrayed him . And everything that had happened to me since was God punishing me . So now I 'm looking for a sign of forgiveness . I 've asked God for a sign of forgiveness . A specific one , a white tulip . Tulips don 't bloom this time of year , white or otherwise . But he 's God . And if God can forgive me for my acts then maybe it 's in the realm of possibility that my son possibly may be able to forgive me too . Walter , God is science . God is polio and flu vaccines and MRI machines and artificial hearts . If you are a man of science , then that 's the only faith we need . Allow me to serve as a cautionary tale . There will be repercussions . If you pull Arlette from that car you don 't know how things will be changed by your action , but they will . It 's not our place to adjust the universe . And you 'll never be able to look at her again without knowing that . Just like every time I look at my son . I have traveled through madness to figure this out . And you will too . You 're asking me to just leave her there . No , no , no . No , stop , I 'm all right . Gentlemen , please . Gentlemen . You see , we won 't remember this . Don 't you see ? We won 't remember anything ... OFFICER : Officer in need of backup . Copy that , what 's your 20 ? I 'm at 412 Inman Street . This is weird . I did a search for Peck 's cell phone when we first ID 'd him as a suspect . He didn 't have one . But Arlette Turling 's number is still active . Now , in the past 24 hours , the primary cell tower that 's been handling the signal is a tower near AIbany Street . Dunham . Alistair Peck is back at his residence . Six dead . Including two Boston P.D. Officers . We have to take him down before he jumps again . SNIPER : I have a shot . - Take it . So you decided to come with me ? I love you . I love you too ... I haven 't seen you look at that letter for a while . It 's been almost a year . Today 's the day I 'm supposed to send it . Open it . Apparently , Alistair felt whatever it is , he could put in your trust . He wouldn 't have sealed it if he wanted me to see what 's inside . Hey , Walter . Hey , I got you something . Fixed your turntable . I 'd tell you to keep it out of the lab , but you won 't . Thank you , Peter . Thought maybe you 'd like some music to cheer you up . Walter , I know that you 've been in a funk for the last couple of weeks . - Lf there 's something you wanna talk ... - No . Something was weighing on me . A decision . I 'm fine . Okay . I 'm gonna go hit the hay .
