 Previously on V ... Today we welcome the very first group of humans selected to participate in our " Live Aboard " program . I 'm moving up on that ship mom and there 's nothing you can do about it . Members of our race are falling prey to human emotions . Everyone will be tested . You failed . The test has to be wrong . I want you to investigate the Fifth Column . My intel says they were planning a terrorist attack against the visitors . Anna 's worried about a group of resistance fighters . If I hear anything , I 'll let you know . I 've started looking into the group you told me about . I might have something for you . There it is ! Hurry up ! We 've got 45 seconds to acquire target or the battery 's spent . Do it ! Say good night , geckos . Come on . Let 's check it out . Something 's not right . Jack ! No . Jack , get back here ! We gotta split now . We don 't have time for this . God in heaven ... Got someplace to be , Evans ? No . Just trying to figure out how to schedule the ... Hello ? Ryan ? Yeah , hold on . Ryan ? What 's happening ? Jack , the cops are almost here . We gotta get out of here before someone sees us . There might be survivors . You need to tell me what you 're seeing out there .. Ryan ? There are no survivors Jack , they 're gone , mate . We can 't do nothing for them . What 's going on ? Ryan , talk to me . It wasn 't a V tracker team on that shuttle . They were humans . What ? Listen , Jack , come on ! We 're going ! Our shuttle was successfully shot down , as you expected it would . The human remains have been found . There will be a strong public outcry . Human law enforcement will take swift and immediate action against those responsible for this atrocity . Fifth Column . Ryan , it 's Joshua . What 's going on , Joshua ? Since you stopped the soldier that was sent after val , Anna knows that the Fifth Column 's growing stronger . I 've received word from other Fifth Column on the ship she 's sending a shuttle down filled with trackers to locate those responsible . Trackers ? When ? Today . Ryan ... If those trackers hit the ground and disperse , it 'll be impossible to locate them all . I can 't let ' em hit the ground . We just have to blow that shuttle up before it lands . No human technology can knock one down . But v technology could . If I could acquire a missile , could we alter it so it could breach a v shuttle 's defenses ? Only if v code was uploaded to the secret electronics in the missile 's computer chip . Then get me that code . You don 't have much time . You have to move fast . You 're dropping your right . Yeah ? I suppose you could do better . I wouldn 't want to embarrass you ... More . Oh , are you backing down from a challenge ? I must be mistaken . I thought you were special Agent Erica Evans . Really ? Yeah . Okay . Uh-oh . Mm-hmm . Need help with those gloves ? I got it . Thanks . Step aside , priest . Oh . It 's like " thorn birds " in here . They let girls box here , eh ? Yeah . Women , too , I 've heard . You know the sport ? I have four brothers . I learned a thing or two about fighting . Who 's your favorite boxer ? Sugar Ray leonard - lightning hands , fast on his feet , good balance , never off his form . You 're bursting with opinions this morning , Hobbes . Who 's yours ? Jack ! Hey . We need to get our hands on a stinger missile . Finally some fun around here . What are you talking about , Ryan ? Anna 's sending down a shuttle filled with v trackers to hunt down those responsible for stopping her soldier- - that would be us . Trackers ? Yeah , they have heightened senses . They 're like soldiers , but they blend in . They could--they could follow a scent , work a crime scene , evaluate evidence . Why not just send another soldier after us ? Oh , she will , but first , she 'll send the trackers to identify us , paint targets on our foreheads . Then she 'll send the soldiers to finish us off . When 's the shuttle coming ? 6 : 00 . But it 's never gonna get here . Because we 're gonna blow it out the sky . What ? You can 't be serious . Hold on . We 're talking about blowing up a shuttle ? No , we 're talking about blowing up a v shuttle . But you 're right to be worried on one count . Strategically , we can 't have Fifth Column coming off like terrorists . We 'll need to control the public blowback if we do this thing . There won 't be any . The last thing Anna wants is a big media mess--fbi crawling all over the wreckage- - not with the v remains on the site . All she 's gonna do is just say there was a shuttle malfunction so they can clean it up with no interference . Are we really considering this ? My son flies on those shuttles . People fly on those shuttles . Exactly . How do we know that no one innocent will be hurt ? Joshua 's already confirmed that there 's only gonna be v trackers on those shuttles . No humans . What if it lands on a house or a school ? I know the flight plan . Okay , it 's landing in a remote location . And make no mistake , if that shuttle touches the ground , we don 't stand a chance . Those trackers--they will find us . You want to risk your own life over a fit of conscience , that 's fine . How about Tyler 's ? Ryan , is your intel good ? Perfect . Do it . ♪ ♪ V 1x10 ♪ Hearts and Minds original air date on May 4 , 2010 Finding peace , father ? Some days easier than others . Even for a priest ? For everyone , Chad . I 've been on the ship a lot since the last time we talked . Anna has the live aboards eating out of the palm of her hand . And I know in my gut , it 's not safe for them to be so trusting . I want to join the fight . I was hoping you could point me to the Fifth Column , like we talked about . It 's been quiet , I 'm afraid , among my parishioners . Well , that 's too bad . I could be very useful . I 'm behind the scenes with Anna . I travel with her and Marcus . I have unrestricted access to and from the mother ship . I even travel in the v-only shuttles . I overhear things . You ride the v-only shuttles ? I 'm back and forth in them all the time . I could be a big asset to the Fifth Column , father . You riding the shuttles today ? Yes . Most days I do . Maybe you should stay away from the v-only shuttles today , Chad . What do you mean by that ? Just some whisper among the parishioners . It might not be safe . I understand . Thank you , father . Are you all right ? She had a nightmare last night . About what ? Here . I--I 'll put her down for a nap . It 's no trouble . You can tell me . Um , in my dream , I was being taken by doctors down a dark corridor here on the ship . And there were glowing arrows on the ceiling . I 'm new to " live aboard , " and I was scared . I couldn 't tell them to stop . And then there were needles , hundreds of them , being poked into me , all over . I know it was just a dream , but I can 't shake it . Can 't shake what ? How real it felt . You 're all right . It was just a nightmare . You 're safe up here . Good morning . Good morning , Chad . I really enjoyed your report on the " live aboard " program . I just wanted to thank you . My pleasure . I 'm glad you liked it . I 've been keeping my ear to the ground , looking for any information on the Fifth Colum What have you heard ? There are whispers of a threat to the shuttles transporting v 's only today . You 've come a long way since we 've arrived , Chad , professionally , personally . I think you 'd understand that any threat to my people is a threat to all of us . It might be nothing . I thought I should bring it up just in case . Where did you learn this ? You have to understand how this works . I can get you this information because my sources trust me . I start naming names , that 'll choke off the flow of information . I understand . But there 's no need , Chad . We don 't have any v-only shuttles running today . Mr. Decker . Will you please excuse us for a moment ? Actually , I was on my way out . We haven 't eliminated all Fifth Column from the ship . Someone leaked news of the trackers we were to send down on that shuttle today . I will look into this . In the meantime , I will tighten the flow of information , again . In light of this threat , do you still want to send down the trackers ? I have a better idea . If the Fifth Column wants to take down a shuttle , we 'll let them . I 've got the v code uploaded into the missile electronics , so assuming it does what it 's supposed to , we 're all systems go . Wait , guys , Ryan , are we sure we really wanna do this ? You double-checked your intel with Joshua ? Yeah . You 're sure ? I 'm positive . If we don 't do this now , it 's gonna be too late . We 're running out of time . Let 's do this . Do it ! Ryan , what 's going on ? It wasn 't a v tracker team on the shuttle . They were humans . Oh , my God . Oh , my God . Pick up , baby . Pick up , baby . Come on . Please , God . Please , God . Please pick up . Hello ? You 're okay ? Mom . Mom , what 's--what 's wrong ? A v shuttle went down . What ? When ? J-just now ? ... The area just north of taconic state parkway . This possible terrorist attack comes a mere three days after the commencement of the " live aboard " program . Stunned and shocked people from ... Mom , Lisa could have been on that shuttle . I 'm sure she 's okay . How do you know , mom ? I don 't . It--it , uh , it--it went down in a secluded area , so why would they send peace ambassadors there ? What if you 're wrong , mom ? What if you 're wrong about who was on that shuttle ? How did this happen ? Ryan , we need answers . I don 't have any . Joshua doesn 't either . He 's doing everything he can to figure it out . Figure it out ? Maybe he set us up . You didn 't hear his voice when I told him . He didn 't set us up . So what--what , it was a mistake ? It was the wrong shuttle ? I asked you , Ryan . I asked all of you . We did everything that we could have done , all right ? The odds are slim to none- - no , no , no , no . I-I lived this in Iraq . We won 't use those excuses . If we wage war against the v 's , if we strike preemptively , there is zero margin of error for us . Zero . Either we value life or we are the v 's . No , it 's not that simple . It is precisely that simple ! Where are you with this ? With you . Well , you can 't afford to be , 'cause we 've got other problems now . We were all over that crime scene . We were late getting out . The cops were on top of us . It wasn 't a clean getaway . We might have left evidence . I won 't do this anymore . I 'm out . Floyd Patterson . What ? My favorite boxer ... Is Floyd Patterson . He got knocked down seven times in one round against Johansson . Seven times . You know what he said ? " They said I was the fighter who got knocked down the most . But I also got up the most . " So my question to you two is this- - which do you want to be- - the guy who gets knocked down ... Or the guy who gets back up ? Lisa . Is Lisa okay ? I mean , I-I s--I saw the footage of the shuttle crash , and I--and I thought if she was on it , I ... Lisa 's fine . Nothing was gonna keep you from her . If she was gone , I-I ... I don 't know what I 'd do . I 'm doing " live aboard . " Lisa will be very pleased . I 'll let her know . Don 't worry . Go home and pack . Soon enough , you 'll be with her all the time . Evans . Where the hell have you been ? My son spends time on that ship . I had to track him down , make sure he wasn 't on the shuttle . He 's fine . Good . Yeah . Good . ' Cause I need every able body on this thing . Given our stance on terrorism , this is a global embarrassment . The evidence indicates domestic , and everything 's pointing to Fifth Column . What do we got ? Malik 's working up a list of known terrorists who could pull something like this off , People with a grudge against the visitors . We picked up good tread marks at the edge of the trees , where we have reason to believe the terrorists parked . Yeah , but not much else . The shuttle 's engines run on blue energy , highly explosive stuff . So when they blew up , they left very little forensic evidence . Now the v on the boarding dock puts the number between 15 and 20 people . You 've seen the remains . From the looks of it , we 're gonna have to pull in a forensic anthropologist to do the d.N.A. Work . It could take weeks . We shut down the highway immediately after the crash , here and here , so they would have had to pass through this tollbooth leaving the scene . The good news ? Tollbooth has security cameras . Nice . We matched the tread to seven vehicle makes . So once we pull footage , we can cross-reference . Let 's get to work . Erica . I can 't reach Jack . He wouldn 't pick up . Listen , we 've got problems . What did you drive on the scouting mission ? Jack 's van , but we covered up the lettering . Tell me you didn 't drive through a tollbooth . Yeah , we had to . We stayed to check for survivors . Our escape route was compromised . You went through a tollbooth with hidden security cameras . The footage is on a live feed to an off-site location . I 'll text you the address . You and Hobbes better get there and wipe the footage . Just make sure you get us the address , all right ? Erica ? Erica ? Um , smooth . One of the bones is smooth . You all right ? What 's going on ? Bones crack when they 're burned in the flesh , Ryan , but bones from a skeleton stay smooth in a fire . Why would there be a skeleton on a shuttle full of tourists ? There wouldn 't . They wouldn 't put a skeleton with humans . The other people ... Ryan , we didn 't do this . We didn 't kill anyone . The people on that shuttle - they were already dead . Anna set us up ? You got photos of this , hard evidence ? Yeah . I 'm--I 'm staring at my monitor right now . It 's ... No , no , no . No . It disappeared . Someone deleted it . Disappeared ? Who would cover up something like that ? Malik , cover the office . I 'm rolling out to grab that tollbooth footage . On it . Ryan , the FBI just launched . You need to get there and wipe that footage before they do , or this is gonna get pinned on us . Get moving now . Get in there and short the server , exactly like I showed you . In 20 paces , make a left . Keep going straight down the hallway . Bloody hell . Bloody hell what ? FBI . I got it . I 'm here . I 'm here . You 're about to get caught . You 're about to get caught . Ryan . Ryan . Get the hell out of there ! Damn it . You were protecting me by warning me about the shuttles , trying to save my life . I was just passing on a rumor I heard . I didn 't know that would happen . What exactly was the Fifth Column 's plan ? Why would they kill humans ? I don 't know any circumstances under which they could condone that . I 'm sure the Fifth Column knows what they 're doing . I 'm sure ... They know what 's necessary . And for me to be useful , I have to do what 's necessary , too . Meaning ? I have to report on this attack . To keep my position with Anna intact , I can 't seem like I 'm sympathetic to the cause . I have to come down hard . What I 'm saying is , if you 're Fifth Column , things are about to get very bad for you . Good thing I 'm not Fifth Column . Anna never saw it coming , you know . She 'd heard nothing about any threats- - what , you asked her ? Oh , indirectly , of course . The Fifth Column caught her off guard , which , believe me , is hard to do . We value life above all else , every single life . The Fifth Column reacted exactly as I suspected . Shooting down that shuttle backfired . Tonight they will be introduced to the world just as I planned it , as terrorists . Mother , you wanted to see me ? We value life above all else , every single life . We value life above all else , every single life . Which is more effective , Marcus ? I ... think they 're all sufficient . Lisa ? The second one . It seems more sincere . Your grasp of human emotion is ... Impressive . Thank you , mother . Jack ? Are you all right ? My faith is shaken , father . Your faith in God ? No , my faith in myself . Ah . Well , in times like this , it 's best to get back to basics , your core values . I 've made choices , father , terrible choices , with people 's lives on the line . You mean when you were at war ? I 'm not talking about the past . If this is an issue of law , Jack , then perhaps you need to make a confession of a different type ? Yeah ? Erica , it 's Ryan . We 're good . We wiped the foota . Good . Any luck ? Yes , actually . They got to the security facility and wiped the footage from after the attack . Damn it . Since they seem like pros , I figured they 'd scouted the route and done a dry run earlier . So I grabbed the footage from this morning . It archives to a different server . We reviewed it there . Nice . Any suspects ? One name rang the cherries . Not exactly your typical terrorist . These were taken this morning near the site of the attack . Your tire tracks were there , too . You want to explain that ? Come on , father . At least give me your cover story . I 'm sure you thought that through . I taught nothing through . I 've sat across from a lot of suspects in that chair . Some of them were remorseless , sure , but not you . I can read the guilt in your eyes , father . I 'm giving you a chance to unburden yourself . Answer him ! Do you think this is a game ? Would you mind bringing Malik in here with those crime scene photos ? Please . The v 's loaded that shuttle with dead bodies . They set us up . We didn 't kill anyone . Look really scared . We can hold you for 48 hours without charging you . Do you think your collar will protect you in there ? Explain this . Those tires aren 't unique to my van . The church bought a whole fleet . There must be , I don 't know , thousands of vehicles with that tread . Why were you at the tollbooth ? It 's a state parkway . I was going to see a parishioner . I 'm sure he 'll be happy to confirm your story . I was consulting her on matters of adultery . Her name 's confidential . How convenient . Not to her husband . Please tell me you didn 't drag me away from my parish because of a common tire impression and a picture of me traveling on a public parkway . Because I can 't imagine you 'd be wasting your time harassing a priest during an investigation this high-profile . So you better charge me or let me go . Cut him loose . And there were glowing arrows on the ceiling . I was being taken by doctors , down a dark corridor , here on the ship . I was scared , but I couldn 't tell them to stop . And then there were needles ... Hundreds of them ... And they poked into me ... All over . I know it was just a dream , but I can 't shake it . I 'm really glad you came by to bring me to the ship . That 's not why I stopped by , Tyler . I don 't want you to move onto the ship with me . What ? Why ? You 're a nice guy , Tyler , but I don 't have the same feelings for you as you do for me . What are you talking about ? You 've been just as into this as I have . My mother really likes you , Tyler . I didn 't want to disappoint her . So what about us on the shuttle ? I mean , what was that ? I , uh , just wanted to see what it felt like . That 's all . You can go . We value life above all else , every single life . I just wish we could have done something to save the lives that were tragically taken today by this unprovoked attack . Perhaps our greatest flaw is that we are too trusting . There are those that don 't share our regard for life . The Fifth Column seeks to destroy us because we 're from another place , because they think we don 't belong here , because we 're different . Get up to the ship . Make sure it gets conveyed to Anna that the FBI is doing everything we can . Since our presence here is causing such strife that humans have been caught in the crossfire , we 've been forced to reconsider being here at all . I don 't think I could bear another tragedy like this . We are of peace . We are always of peace . Kendrick needs to talk to you about your involvement with Fifth Column . He wants you in the war room ... now . I 'm not going to let anything or anyone else harm the visitors , period . I ve orders from the highest level to form a task force to zero in on fifth comn . Evans ... I 'm assigning you to head it up . You 'll have every means at your disposal , the full resources of this office , and you 'll be partnered with Agent Malik . Agent Malik from the FBI . I 'm here to see Marcus about the shuttle crash . It is an honor to seeou again , my queen . Only two of the crime scene photos were damning . I deleted them and destroyed the evidence before anything could be forwarded to the forensic anthropologist . ( Bee Malik , cover the office . I 'm rolling out to grab that tollbooth footage . On it . You 've done superb work , under great pressure . Permitting that missile to strike the shuttle accomplish precisely what you had hoped . The task force has been formed . I am now free to serve our people and hunt down Fifth Column with the full weight of the United States government behind me . We have seen a massive amount of unprecedented sympathy for the v 's and an international outcry against the Fifth Column and this atrocity carried out at their hands . At this time , there is very litt . Now that you 're a prime suspect in the bombi , It 's gonna be even more dangerous for us to be seen with you . Uh , we did this . So you 'd better have my back . We 're in this together , like it or not . Jack . He rides the private v shuttles , so I warned him . Chad Decker ? He asked Anna about it , and that 's how she found out . He 's a potential ally . He doesn 't know anything . I 've been careful . I told you , you can 't trust anyone . He could have died on that shuttle . So all this--you brought all this down on our heads 'cause you didn 't want to risk that guy 's life ? One life ? I won 't ever forget what one life is worth . If we 're gonna win this war , we can 't go off the rails . We can 't lose sight of who we are . Jack 's right . We can never be like tm . See , that 's what Anna does . She takes our emotions , uses it against us Can 't let her do that . You know , you can call yourselves freedom fighters , you can call yourself rebels , you know , you can call but no make no mistake , kids- - we 're terrorists now . Are you willing to bear that cross so thapeople can sleep well at night ? Yeah . Why ? Because we 're the only ones willing to . Hey , padre . Welcome back . I 'm sorry . I 'm--I 'm sorry about going behind your back , mom . What 's the matter ? You were--you were right . You were right about everything . Lisa ? She didn 't- - she didn 't care about me , mom . She just- - she just was using me . Did she say that ? Okay . Okay . How could I have been this stupid ? Why--why am I that much of an idiot ? Oh , no . No . Oh , sweetie , of course not . You just cared about someone . Somebody that ... Wasn 't worth it . You never know why anyone does what they do . Okay ? Okay ? The world leaders have been calling , offering their condolences , vowing to help in our fight against Fifth Column . They 're concerned we might leave . Good . We 'll use their fear to our advantage , just as we did the Americans ' today . ... An all-time high in support of the v 's and a sense of rage is directed at the - - I 'm sorry , mother . I failed . Tyler won 't be coming to " live aboard . " I pushed too hard , and he doesn 't want to see me anymore . I did everything I could , but I believe the pull of his mother was too strong for him . I understand . We 'll have to find a greater incentive for him . You were injured in a Fifth Column attack . Don 't worry , daughter . We 'll get him back . There is no greater incentive for a human male than a damsel in distress . Break her legs .
