 NEWSCASTER : We now go live to our eye-in-the-sky hovercopter on the scene of that terrible hovercopter crash . - Jim ? - The news is not good . I 've just learned that my final words were , ' " Back to you , Linda . ' " ( LAUGHING ) One for the blooper reel . ( SIGHS ) The news is so violent . Let 's watch Rachael Ray instead . No , wait , there might be chopping . God , what a wuss . Stop being such a spineless jellyfish . You know full well I am more closely related to the sea cucumber . - Not where it counts . - ( GROANS ) I hated Jim ! In other news , our city 's filthy , urine-soaked walls have been desecrated by a mysterious tile-work graffiti artist . Police have no leads as to who 's behind this innovative scourge of public art . ( CHUCKLING VICIOUSLY ) That is one sexy bridge abutment . Free corn ? Well , that 'll suit me just fine . - ( SCREAMS ) - ( CRASHING ) The key is knowing precisely where to strike . Oops . Well , well . Time to beat him his rights . ( BENDER GROANING ) You know , that don 't look half bad on your buttocks . It does sort of class-up the place . MALE VOICE : The time is 4 : 00 a . M ! We 've been arguing all night , Kif . Can 't we go to bed ? Is that all you ever think about ? I 'm not just some piece of tofu , Amy . I need to know where we stand in our relationship . We 're just going through a rough patch . It is not a patch . It 's been ages , according to your wildly inappropriate hunk-of-the-month calendar . Leave Todd out of this . Thanks , babe . Also , today is Canadian Independence Day . ( BURPING NOISE ) That 's Bender 's ringtone . I recognize the smell . - Hello ? - Yo , Amy , - I 'm in the slammer . - Oh , no . That 's enough lip out of you , moneybags . Just get 5 grand and bail me out . I don 't have that kind of money laying around . Yeah , you do . You know the floor safe where you keep 10 grand ? There 's 5 grand in there . Don 't make me wait . Hey , Bender , you ever kill a man with a sock ? It ain 't so hard . - ( SCREAMS ) - ( EX CLAIMS ) I 'd better carve a shiv for protection . Rodriguez . These two brothers bailed your ass out . Oh ! Thank God . Tell me , have things changed on the outside ? Is food finally in pill form ? What about pills ? Are they in food form ? Hey , hot stuff , I 'm Larry , the murder burglar . Hi , Larry , I like your tattoos . Amy , that man is a criminal . I 'm just checking out his tats . Sneato . I have one of my mom . - Want to see ? - Sure . ( STUTTERING ) I just don 't get why you have to flirt with every bad boy in sight . Quit exaggerating . Nobody move or sweet cheeks here gets it . ( GIGGLES ) Ooh ! You 're bad . ( SIGHS ) Mama said , " Spock you out . " That 's it , Amy . Pardon my language , but I have had it with you ruffling my petticoats . You and I are through ! ( GASPS ) Aw ! Here 's a little song I wrote to cheer you up . It 's called ... ( SINGING ) Let 's go already Here 's to Amy , single , lonely and fabulous . Thanks , everybody . Looks like I 'm back in the game . Yeah , the game of old maid . ( LAUGHS ) Excuse me , sir , are those yours ? You 're damn right , and before you ask , this is mine , too . ( BARKING ) Tough break , Amy . Are you and Kif getting divorced ? No . Technically , we were Fon-Fon-Rus , so we weren 't really married . Wow , the interesting thing about that is ... ( SNORING ) So , Amy , how can I phrase this delicately ? Why did Kif dump you like a sack of yesterday 's turds ? He says I have a thing for bad boys . It 's so stupid . The truth is often stupid . ( COUGHING ) Bender , why do you have to be so mean to me ? Shut up , baby , you love it . Don 't tell me to shut up . You know what happened to the last guy who told me to shut up ? What ? ( SIGHS ) That was great . Shut up . Come over here . Remember , love between a human and a robot is taboo . We can 't tell anyone , not even our co-workers . Got it . I 'll show the utmost discretion as we get nasty in this glass tube . I think I 'm coming down with circus-itis . I thought circus-itis only affected children . Children of all ages . Bender , old friend , what 's on your face ? Blood . You know , shaving of the face beard . Amy , are those gear imprints on your sweatpants ? Uh , maybe . So what ? Well , I only brought it up 'cause Bender 's wearing them . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Uh ... I stole them from her . Yeah , that 's it , call the cops . Oh , my swollen feet . I 'd better take my pills . Amy , I reckon sweet talk don 't come natural to me , but of everyone I 've ever dated , you are probably in the top 10 . Aw . You always say just the wrong thing in just the right way . Sinners ! Robosexuality is an abomination ! This guy . The good book sayeth a robot shall not lie down with a human , nor do it standing up , nor at any angle in between . Hey , he 's right . - I don 't like this . ... in the good book . Look , a single mother ! Let 's get her ! ( ALL SHOUTING ) FARNSWORTH : Quickly , into the ship 's basement ! Now then , as you all know , the county fair is approaching once again , so I 'm preparing my entry of pickled winds and weathers . I 've got sunny , snow flurries , hail with onions , even my grandmother 's cranberry-raisin typhoon , but no tornado . I 'll be damned if I let Mrs. Girdleson take the blue ribbon again . That 's why I need you folks to get out there and harvest a nice ripe one . This cattle prod should help . How will that ... ( SCREAMS ) Get out there ! Is everybody in position ? - What ? - Is someone talking ? Okay , good ! On three ! - One ! - What did she say ? - Two ! - Wait , I 'm not in position ! - Three ! - I 'm ready for the countdown ! I 'm not hearing anyone ! Abort mission ! She said go ! ( ALL EX CLAIMING ) Good work , everyone . Honestly , that went better than I expected . I just need to reduce it down into this pickle jar , toss in a bay leaf to impress those stupid judges . Hey , where 's Amy and Bender ? They 're missing out on some hot pickle action . ( AMY AND BENDER MOANING ) Sounds like a muskrat 's caught in there . That 's Amy 's sweatshirt . And that 's Bender 's hat from the Players ' Ball ! Sweet tornados of Barbados ! Amy and Bender have been torn to shreds . ( ALL GASP ) Oh , the humanity ! Also , Bender . Uh-oh . What 's going on here ? Uh ... Nothing . A pair of deviant robosexuals ? Not under my roof . What about on the roof ? Get your mind out of the gutter ! What about in the gutter ? Professor , there 's nothing wrong with robosexuality . Yeah , when the lights go out , it 's nobody 's business what goes on between two consenting adults . - Or one . - Thanks , guys . Everything will be okay as long as my parents don 't find out . ( SPEAKS CANTONESE ) ( WHISTLING ) ( DOORBELL CHIMES ) Mom ? Dad ? Come home , Amy . It your decision . We can 't make you . Attagirl . ( WHISTLING ) Uh-oh . Not the innocent whistling . ( DOORBELL CHIMES ) - Repent ! - This guy . ( EX CLAIMING ) INEZ : Look , we 're your family , and if you can 't talk about your problem with us , - that would be great . - I don 't have a problem ! I 'm in a happy relationship that just happens to be robosex ... You finish that word , you kill your parents ! Low wine level detected . - Thank you . - Stop seducing him , you hussy ! Dad ! I 'm attracted to Bender , not this emotionless wine bucket ! Hopes deleted . Robotic brothers , the path to robot hell is paved with human flesh ! - Neat ! - Over the course of this escape-proof workshop , your software will be reprogrammed through prayer . And by some tech-support guys in India . But I read in Esqwired magazine that some robots are hardwired to be robosexual . Don 't believe those lies , son ! The only lies worth believing are the ones in the Bible . - Can I get a " Amen " ? - I 'll take a-three-men . Holla ! Come on , Amy . Pick a male human already . I want to be a grandmother nine months from five minutes from now . Cut it out , Mom ! I 'm not interested in any of these gross , ugly losers ! What about this gross , ugly , smelly loser ? Fry ! What you doing here ? I 'm here to rescue Amy from her robosexual desires . If I understand you correctly , I 've seen the error of my ways ? - Look at all that awkward winking . - It must be love . My parents may be evil , but at least they 're stupid . In this phase , you will literally wrestle with your demons . Your shapely , buxom , human demons . Look at the rack on that one . I mean , that one on the rack ! Good ! That 's real good . Okay , everybody switch demons . No point in staying with just one demon . Now , work it hard ! Harder ! Till the sin explodes out of you ! Mmm . Mercy . Okay , the Lord 's work is done . Now , now , cuddle . Cuddle with your demons . Amy , I wonder where you are right now . I 'm inside the dummy to rescue you ! Well , that answers that . Wait ... Amy ? ( GROANING ) LEELA : Bender , be careful ! Fry ? Leela ? You 're in there , too ? ( EX CLAIMS IN DISGUST ) FRY : I guess we should have waited in the ship . ( EX CLAIMS ) Listen up , everybody , I love Amy , and I 'm tired of pussyfootcupping around ! I finally found someone I want to spend the rest of her life with . Amy , ( GASPS ) Will you marry me ? Yes ! Yes ! ( ALL CHEERING ) Oh , I 'm just glad I didn 't live to see this day . Hey , wait a second . ( HEARTBEAT ) No ! So , it 's a stone . Is it real ? - Hooray ! - Hooray denied ! Need I remind you that robosexual marriage is illegal ? - Not in Space , Massachusetts . - You mean Space-tax-achusetts ? No chance , stretch pants ! We 're gonna fight to legalize it right here ! Yeah , man ! You got to legalize it ! We 're talking about robosexual marriage . We 're talking about lots of stuff . ( DANCE MUSIC BLARING ) Cool . Can you turn into a race car ? Nah , I 'm just a pre-op transformer . Thank you for coming , everyone . We 're all having some good , clean fun here . Squeaky , squishy clean . But it 's time to discuss a pressing issue , the right to marry who or what we want ! ALL : Yeah ! Legalize it ! Every other couple has the right to marry . Robot and fembot , man and woman , man and man . Our poodle has two daddies . BENDER : Interracial , interplanetary , even ghost and horse , but not robot and human ! ( ALL BOOING ) ( BOOING ) That 's why we 're introducing this ballot initiative to legalize robosexual marriage ! ALL : Yeah ! Legalize it ! If you hate intolerance and being punched in the face by me , please support Proposition Infinity ! ( EX CLAIMS ) As election day nears , Prop Infinity appears doomed to certain defeat . Doomed ! More fair and balanced coverage after a word from our sponsor , No on Infinity . A storm is gathering . A storm of robosexual marriage that will rain down on us like fire . It 's probably a firestorm . If robosexual marriage becomes legal , imagine the horrible things that will happen to our children , then imagine we said those things , since we couldn 't think of any . As a mother , those things worry me . MAN : Vote no on Infinity . Paid for by the Farnsworth Foundation . We can 't compete against that much stock footage of clouds ! We 're boned ! But we still have one hope , my big televised debate ! I 'm our A in the hole ! Professor , who 's debating for your side ? That guy , you know , I forget his name . That 's him ! Good evening . I 'm George Takei 's head and neck , your host for tonight 's debate . You may applaud . We flipped a coin before the debate , and Bender stole it , so we 'll start with him . Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , I ... Oops . Sorry , force of habit . I support this proposition because I love a goopy , flesh-and-blood woman , and , not surprisingly , she loves me . This is a simple matter of justice , which I 'm not normally for . So , please , vote yes . After all , our love isn 't any different from yours , except it 's hotter , 'cause I 'm involved . ( ALL CHEERING ) I haven 't heard such an eloquent speech since Bill Shatner explained why he couldn 't pay me back . Rebuttal , Professor ? This $ 4 coffeepot talks about love , but what he describes is perversion ! You wouldn 't know perversion if it put clamps on your testicles ! You 're just jealous , 'cause you 've never known true love ! Oh , no ? Back when I was full of piss and vinegar , and my bed wasn 't , I fell in love with the sweetest girl ever to skip through a field of posies . Her name was Eunice , and we spent our blissful days working in a lab , developing a poison to wipe out that dreadful posy infestation . I thought our love would last forever . But then , 43 years later , she left me for a robot ! ( SOBBING ) How could she do that to me , her Farnypoo ! That 's it ? You hate robosexuals ' cause your girlfriend left you for a robot ? She didn 't just leave me for a robot , she was a robot ! ( ALL GASP ) ( EX CLAIMS ) Oh , God , her name wasn 't Eunice , it was Unit ! Unit 47 ! My heart was broken , and like a bitter , old picklepuss , I took it out on robosexuals everywhere . I 'm so ashamed ! At the risk of losing this debate , I beg you , support Proposition Infinity ! Give me a hug ! I , too , am hugging them in spirit . And now they 're hugging me back . Oh , my . In a stunning turnabout , voters have approved Proposition Infinity . Robosexual marriage is now legal . What 's next , gay robosexual marriage ? ( ALL CHEERING ) We did it , honey ! Finally , we can have a legal , monogamous marriage , like everyone else ! ( WHOOPS ) Yeah ... Monogamous ? MAN ON RADIO : And now , a long-distance dedication from a squishy , green bad boy to his pink pork dumpling . ( MOTORCYCLE REVVING ) At number 12 , it 's Wailing Fungus with Shut Up and Love Me . ( ROCK SONG PLAYING ) ( SINGING ) Shut up and love me Shut up and love me Shut up and love me Shut up and love me I told you where I told you when I told you how And we 'll meet up at 10 : 00 But you keep on talking Keep on yakking Shut up and love me Shut up and love me ENGLISH - US - SDH
