 NARRATOR : And now , The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan , brought to you by Bartley 's Rocket Wax . I wax my rocket every day ! No one can save you now , Leela . What about Zapp Brannigan ? Well , obviously , Zapp Brannigan could save you ... Zapp Brannigan ! So , Emperor Chop Chop , once again , we meet at last . Drop that space gun or I 'll shoot , like so . ( GROANS ) ( EX CLAIMS ) Oh , Zapp , tie me back up and ravish me . I 'd like to , Leela . So , I will . ( BOTH LAUGH ) ( BOTH MOANING ) Shake it , baby . Shake it like ... I surrender and volunteer for treason . Emergency summons from the president , Captain . Oh , it 's you . Just let me freshen up . Computer , Captain 's musk . ( SIGHS ) The long , dramatic corridor . That 's never a good sign . AUTOMATED VOICE : Glove recognized . Proceed , Mrs. Eisenhower . Mr. President . What the hell ? At ease , Brannigan . ( EXHALES ) What you 're about to see is highly classified . Reptilicus , hit the thingy . At 0000 hours , Planet X-3 was attacked by a mysterious death sphere . Magnify that death sphere . Why is it still blurry ? KIF : That 's all the resolution we have . Making it bigger doesn 't make it clearer . It does on CSI : Miami . ( SIGHS ) NIX ON : They fought back with advanced military hardware , but it was like shooting BBs at Bebe Rebozo . That poor , brave hardware . NIX ON : The sphere then fired some kind of hellish blackout ray . It erased that planet like 18 minutes of incriminating tape . Oh , I just wish I understood why . Why I should care ? Because the death sphere is now on course for Earth ! ( NIX ON EX CLAIMS ) My God , we 're defenseless , like fish in a barrel . Options ? My instinct is to hide in this barrel , like the wily fish . Then we 're down to our last hope , a radical new weapon built by a visionary scientist I once dismissed as crazy ! ( LAUGHING ) Let 's see how crazy I am now , Nixon . The correct answer is " very . " All right , Professor , sock it to me ! Top-secret news , everyone . I 've developed a tiny , one-man stealth fighter that 's virtually undetectable . How undetectable ? It 's right in front of you . I find that ... ( GROANS ) to believe . ( ALL EX CLAIMING ) But how exactly is this Happy Meal toy going to destroy a giant death sphere ? From within . This ship should be able to sneak , undetected , through the sphere 's one vulnerable opening . What vulnerable opening ? All death spheres have one vulnerable opening . Well , sure , but who 's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere ? - I say Brannigan . - I say no . - I say me . - I say Leela ! - I say yes . - I say no . - I say Leela , too . - I say yes again . I say I shall join her . But it 's only a one-man craft , I say . There 'll only be one man . Me . How would you feel if I rode rear as your personal tail gunner ? - Creeped out . - Then it 's decided ! Are you sure I have to sit in your lap ? It 'll help us achieve maximum thrust . - Ugh ! - Ugh ! I made you some trail mix for the flight . Also , this picture , to remember me . You hold on to it . I 'll be back soon . ( SCOFFS ) ( BOTH GROAN ) Activating stealth shielding . - Liftoff ! - I 'll roger that . Does anybody else feel aroused and jealous and worried ? I haven 't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died . Death sphere in range . Engaging holographic targeting . Activating the force . AUTOMATED VOICE : Feel the entrance , Leela . Destination on your left in 0.3 miles . Zapp to Leela . Look at all that surveillance equipment . - We better whisper . - Switching to pillow talk mode . LEELA : Look ! What are those huge letters ? ZAPP : V-GINY ? Doesn 't ring a bell . Hmm . I don 't like the looks of this V-GINY . Does anyone recognize those call letters ? Nope . It 's not in the Janeway 's guide , either . Deciphering that ID code is critical . I 'll be in the chamber of understanding . ( DISCO MUSIC PLAYING ) This is it , the moment we should have trained for . - Holy ... - ( BLEEPING ) - Incoming yucky . - Firing pocket-rocket ! Don 't panic , Leela . Go ! Go ! Go ! Go ! Go ! I hope this is the control stick . ( METAL CLANGS ) ZAPP : Captain 's log . We 've lost control . Addendum . Whoa ! NARRATOR : And now , back to The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan . Chapter Two . The heat thickens . - ( LEELA MOANING ) - Leela , wake up . I can 't face this mysterious planet alone without you or someone like you . ( BLOWING ) Zapp ? Zapp , wake up . Leela , where are we ? We crashed on an uncharted planet . When I woke up , I was pinned under this tree . - Can you help me ? - Lf anyone can move it , I can . ( GRUNTING ) No one can move it . Are you hurt ? No , but I 'm so thirsty . This space suit is making me sweat like a sow . Me , too . We 'd better strip them off and continue surviving au naturel . Uh , I suppose so . Here , we can cover ourselves with these sticky , sap-covered leaves . I 'll try to avert my eyes from your nudery . You will ? What 's the point ? You 'll have to look sooner or later . Well , I promise not to abuse the privilege . For now , I 'd better scout around for food and water and help . What a thoughtful and considerate thing to say . - What the hell 's wrong with you ? - I 'm not quite sure . Perhaps it 's the fresh air or severe head injury . In any case , I 'm off . If you see any steaks , that 'd be good ! ( SNIFFS ) Why isn 't Leela back yet ? Do you think she 's okay ? How should I know ? And how come you never ask if I 'm okay ? I 'm feeling a little neglected here . - Oh . Sorry . Are you okay , Bender ? - Shut up . What difference does it make ? When that death sphere gets to Earth , we 'll all be blown to manwich meat . Well , I guess it 's time to indulge in some end-of-the-world debauchery . Who 's up for an orgy ? - Yeah ! - Yes ! - Nah . - Nah . Maybe a Parcheesi tournament . Belay that Parcheesi tournament . I 've identified the death sphere . We may yet have a faint hope of survival ! Still , a Parcheesi tournament . This is a top-secret military satellite launched by the air force in 1998 . And this is a top-secret FCC satellite launched that same year to censor indecent TV programs . Like The Pimpsons and Ass-o-rama ? Precisely . However , the satellites collided shortly after launch and were never heard from again . I found the board ! Now I 've simulated that collision using shrapnel-vision . Granted , all that makes perfect sense . But why is this death sphere destroying planets ? That makes the most sense of all . Look at the planets it 's destroyed so far . First came X-3 , the nude beach planet , then , Poopiter , and finally that world that can 't be mentioned in polite company . You mean ... ( WHISPERING ) - How dare you ? - ( ALL EX CLAIMING ) So , the death-sphere is " censoring " indecent planets ? Indeed , and we 're next if we can 't keep it in our collective pants . Our sole hope is to persuade the people of Earth - to abandon their smutty ways . - ( WHIP CRACKS ) So , the orgy 's off ? ( GROANS ) So thirsty . Why couldn 't a water fountain have fallen on me ? I couldn 't find any water , but the moisture in these fruit-and-nut berries should sustain you . Thank you . I climbed perilously high into the trees to pick them , yet I saw no sign of intelligent life . Bummer . Moreover , the crash totally destroyed our ship . So , we 're stuck here until someone finds us ? Alas , that may never happen . Stealth technology makes the ship impossible to locate , yet easy to stub your crotch on . Well , there 's worse places to be marooned . Plenty of food , mild climate . It 's a veritable Garden of Eden . It is ? Hello . Did that snake say , " Hello " ? No . We 're both delirious from dehydration . Just like Adam and Eve . FARNSWORTH : We can still save Earth . People are sure to clean up their act when presented with cold , hard facts by rational folks like us . The end is near ! Repent thy sins ! I 'll thinks it overs while I engages this $ 5 hooker . Don 't do it ! It 's not worth it ! Okay , make it $ 3 . Yuck ! I don 't wants no $ 3 hooker . I 'm going backs to the adults bookstore . Adult bookstore ? I thought this was the public library . No . Pubic Library . Zapp ? Where are you ? Oh , God , I 'm actually starting to miss him . Maybe you two belong together . We do not . And you can 't talk . Come on . It must be an awful temptation . Guess who just killed a woodchuck with his bare feet ? I thought I 'd whip us up some shelter , make this a little more like home . I do miss the Earth terribly . I wonder if it 's even still there . Let 's find out together . I 'll brave the ship 's wreckage to fetch you the telescope . - That 's so sweet . - I 'm just saying , is all . I know my new plan is a long shot , but it 's the only hope left . Well , now I 've heard everything . On my iPod . So , do you have a new plan , Professor ? And is there any hope left ? Indeed . We 're here on Earth 's last unspoiled acre to show the death sphere there 's still purity in the world . Begin transmitting . Commence purity chant . ( ALL CHANTING ) Hey , I 'm proud of you , Bender . Avoiding sin for almost a full minute . Bender ? BENDER : Yeah , baby . You 're quite a dish . ( GIGGLING ) - Oh , yeah . Oh , no . Oh , yeah . - ( CHUCKLING ) - Oh , no . - Bender , stop ! Stop ! Quiet your riot . What 's the worst that could happen ? No ! No ! ( SOBBING ) Earth is gone ! We 're the only two humans left in the universe ! Oh , God . I 'm sorry , Leela . Maybe this was meant to be . Maybe you and I were meant to build a new world here . We can avoid humanity 's mistakes . Like the tuba . Yes ! We 'll be like Adam and Eve . Only without the tuba . And we 'll beget little Zapp junior . And Leela junior . And they 'll have kids of their ... Yuck ! Is that really what happened in the Bible ? It 's a sick and twisted book of holiness , all right . Then we 'll write our own Bible . With less Sodom and more Gomorrah . Let 's do it . I shall become the mother of a new world , trapped here , under this tree . The tree of knowledge ! Look , it even has apples ! Ow ! Wow . Come here , Adam . Partake of my forbidden fruit . Thee will be done . Wait . One more bite before we begin the begetting . Mmm . Juicy . Those nut berries you found were so salty , I couldn 't think straight . I mean , not to belabor it , but they were as salty as that bag of trail mix Fry gave me . Exactly as salty . Hey ! Wait a second ! Uh ... ( GROANING ) I have a terrible confession to make . You see , when I first went foraging , what I actually found was the smoldering wreckage of the ship . Ignoring all danger , I charged inside to liberate our provisions . So , this is the trail mix Fry gave me ! Yes . I exaggerated when I said I picked it from the treetops . I just wanted you to think a little better of me . Well , your motives were good . And we were both loopy from dehydration . Hey , wait . You 've been doing an awful lot of urinating . ( GROANING ) There 's plenty of water . You see , after I selflessly rescued the trail mix , I braved the flames once more in search of fluids . Then why didn 't you give me any ? I thought it might help you forget your intense hatred for me if you were a teensy bit delirious . So , you let me dehydrate while you washed down the trail mix with imported mineral water ? ( GROANING ) Not exactly . You see , besides the trail mix , the minibar also contained Doritos , beef jerky and a generous assortment of fine chocolates . I wanted to offer you the chocolates . I truly did . But I was concerned about your waistline . Very concerned . It 's because I haven 't been exercising . If only this tree hadn 't fallen on me by chance . Oh , dear God ! ( GROANING LOUDLY ) It was just after we crashed . I awoke first , to find you trapped . Leela ! Leela , wake up . You could 've moved this grub-infested log any time you wanted ? Well , sure . But then I wouldn 't have been able to provide the loving care you wouldn 't have needed . I 'd leave you to rot in this paradise , if only the ship weren 't destroyed . The ship 's fully functional , isn 't it ? ( GROANING ) You see , after re-trapping you and before feigning unconsciousness , I paused to enjoy a cigar . Though mellow and satisfying , it did parch me a bit , so I went in search of brandy . That 's when my keen senses detected the still-invisible ship . ( EX CLAIMS ) So , we can go back to Earth ? But there is no Earth anymore . Everyone I know is dead ! ( SOBBING ) This seems like a good place to take a dump . Leela ? You 're alive ! Fry ! But how did you find this planet ? Well ? ( GROANING ) We 're actually on Earth . The ship 's homing device brought us back . But I saw Earth explode ! I 'm actually kind of proud of this one . You see , what you saw was merely a simulation I rigged up using the ship 's holographic targeting projector . The alleged telescope was a toilet paper tube . You said there wasn 't any toilet paper ! And that humanity was annihilated ! My motives were pure . I just wanted you to think we had to save humanity , so you 'd be willing to have sex . Please say you believe me . Yes , I believe you . ( ZAPP GRUNTING ) ( CHEERING ) There must be something to steal on this island . Hey , it 's Leela . ( ALL CHEERING ) Let 's go home , everybody . At least the world wasn 't destroyed . Yet . AUTOMATED VOICE : People of Earth ! Hear the righteous word of the mighty V-GINY ! The mighty V-GINY ! ( GIGGLES ) Seeing you frolic in this unspoiled garden gives hope that this world may yet be redeemed . Huzzah ! The purity chant worked ! Unacceptable wardrobe malfunction ! I was referring to Adam and Eve . We 're not Adam and Eve . You see , due to a series of ... Consummate your union or I shall destroy Earth . ( ALL GASP ) Well , if it 's to save Earth , I guess I could take one for the team . You what ? Right now ? But I need a little romance first . Maybe a vanilla candle or something ? Commence intercourse ! Those giant guns are making me feel sort of inadequate . - I 'm not sure if I can ... - Move it . I 've got to get home and do laundry . ( ALL EX CLAIMING IN DISGUST ) For God 's sake , censor it ! Censor it ! Approved for all audiences ! No ! NARRATOR : And now , the spicy finale of The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan . That was a close call , but we saved Earth . Was it as good for you as it was for the human race ? Oh , Zapp . Let 's save another planet right now ! ( SNORING ) ENGLISH - US - SDH
