 Cash , cash , cash for your bones ! Too many bones ? Not enough cash ? Call Cash Bone ! Ribs , skulls , spines , even certain tiny ear bones . The leg bone 's connected to the Cash Bone ! Aw ! Nibbler made a bobo for Mama . I 'll pick it up with my supey-dupey poopy scoopy . Core magnetic field , 31 microteslas . Nice . Temperature ? Whoa ! The magma P.I. Is 10,000 degrees Selleck ! Leela , I am collecting data . Could you dump that somewhere else ? Not really . It 's highly volatile dark matter and some corn . But I 'm presenting my thesis tomorrow , and I 've barely had time to prepare . Nonsense . You 've been my grad student for 12 years . You were ready six years ago . What ? I probably should have told you . Anyway , the important thing is to be relaxed tomorrow . - Are you sure ? - Yes . Do what you young people do to unwind . Take a joyride in your jalopy . Wear a T-shirt and eat a fish stick . Go ! Okay , amigos , one teensy drink to help Amy relax . Hear , hear ! Hmm . I guess I 'm still kind of nervous . One more teensy drink to help Amy relax . Still a little nervous ? She 's a nervous wreck ! Well , I may not have a man , but at least I 've got you , poopsie-doodle . Leela , it 's time you and I had a talk . A talk ? You can 't break up with me . You 're my pet ! As much as I enjoy being the object of your misplaced affections , I am also a highly sophisticated being who longs for intelligent conversation . Aw ! Is shnookums not feeling shtimuwated ? An understatement , to say the least . It 's time you treated me with respect . If you want to be treated like a fellow crew member , fine , but no more purse rides , and no more dressing you up in your cute little sailor suit . I keep telling you that 's my real naval uniform . Your place or mine ? Both . But first , this place . Ooh ! Room for one more ? I thought I set you for 7 : 15 ! Sorry , I hooked up with Bender last night . Dude was all over my snooze button . But my doctoral exam is in 10 minutes . On Mars ! Ew ! Kif , did you yack on the floor ? Yes , I did . Where 's your candidate , Farnsworth ? I have a long list of students to humiliate today . You 're late , Miss Wong . Oh , God , this is like one of those nightmares ! Here , take my lab coat . Allow me to introduce your examining committee in descending order of grumpiness . Professor Ogden Wernstrom . Wernstrom . Downtown Professor of Applied Physics , Ethan " Bubblegum " Tate . I see by your curriculum vitae that you 're a Sagittarius . And Professor Fisherprice Shpeekenshpell . The cow says ... He proved that 50 years ago , and he 's been coasting on it ever since . I am the esteemed Professor Morris Katz , and you are wasting my time . Proceed . - Imagine , if you will ... - Oh , God . A gigantic spherical generator , one that could provide unlimited energy because it 's essentially in perpetual motion . Young lady , have you been drinking ? Well , yes , but that 's not revelant . I 'm talking about Earth . Earth 's the generator . Suppose this basketball is the whole world . To many young men in the inner city , it is . As it spins , it 's producing an enormous magnetic field . If we could use that field to generate electric current , we could actually harness the Earth 's rotational ener ... Ener ... Yes , tapping the Earth 's ener-kerchoo . - Go on . - Sorry , I 'm super-allergic to cats . Professor Katz , would you mind ... Miss Wong , I mind everything . You just need to polarize the Earth 's core with a huge static charge by ratcheting superconducting wire down into ... Sorry . Enough . The committee members will now vote yea or nay . - Nay . - Nay . Hell , nay . The horse says , ' " Doctorate denied . ' " It 's okay , Amy . I don 't have a fancy degree either , but today I 'm a prominent boy in the package delivery field . Now that I am a full and equal member of the crew , I pledge my loyalty , my perspicacity and , dare I say it , my friendship . Leela , muzzle that skunk . We can 't stop a meeting for some cute , fuzzy , little ... Hey , look , a kitty cat . You again ? Get away , you mangy ball of histamines . You leave kitty cat alone ! Kitty cat . People , please , I 'm trying to run a business , so I get to hold kitty . Here , puss , puss ... - No , me . - Over here . I wanna hold him . Its anus looks like an asterisk . Captain Fuzzy Toes reporting for duty . I mean , cutie . My best friend died in that uniform . I hate that cat ! If I had a spray bottle , I 'd give him such a spritzing . I 'll tell you one thing , nothing acts that cute without some ulterior motive . You want your dipey changed ? We 'll have to watch its every move . Powder , please . Here 's my new theory : That is one adorable cat . I guess I was just jealous . I do miss being Leela 's shnookums . I 'm going to apologize and hope for a pity pet . Yes , my lord . Amy and Nibbler are a tewwible thweat . They must be spayed and neutered , wespectivewy . The cat is evil ! We have proof ! It was summoning a saucer . Of course it wanted a saucer , you idiot . A saucer of dewicious cweam . You fool , this isn 't about the cream ! It 's pwonounced " cweam " ! I 'm petting mine down to the bone . Just stwoke its fwuffy fur . Scwatch its fwubby chin . Fweeble its fwooby pwow . Pet it . Pet it . Pet it . Pet it . - No , no ! - Pet it . Pet it . Pet it . Pet it . What do cats need with that much yarn and cobalt ? They 're doing something downstairs . We 've got to find out what . Where do you think you 're going , No-cat ? The basement . I think I left the air hockey table on . Without a cat , you ain 't going nowhere . Can you at least tell us what 's going on down there ? We 're certainly not building something sinister , if that 's what you 're implying . Now , come on , Bender , something sinister won 't build itself . Professor Katz 's last name is Katz . Do you think he has something to do with these cats ? The conclusion is as inescapable as it is moronic . I say we pay him a visit , and if he won 't talk to us , he 'll talk to Smith Wesson Or , perhaps , Consolidated Head Melter . Professor Katz , we want answers ! I warn you , if I have to get cute , it 's gonna get ugly . He 's dead ! Wait . What are these strings on his lap ? What the ... He isn 't dead . He 's one of those dog-operated puppets that 's been adapted for use by a cat ! So , I had my doctorate denied by that fuzzball ? Bad kitty ! They actually built the planetary ratchet from my thesis ! Uh-oh ! What the ... Well , look what the me dragged in . You can talk ! You can talk ? How ironic . Two hyper-intelligent beings both pretending to be simple house pets . Say , do you know Obliteron ? He pretends to be a hamster , but ... Yeah , that 's really great . Could you please tell us what 's going on ? What ? Oh ! Right . You see , my associates and I are from the ninth planet of the star you call Thuban . Long ago , life there was ideal . The sun provided plenty of warm , dozy light . The chicken-salmon roamed free . Yet disaster loomed . Our planet 's rotation was gradually slowing . At first , it seemed beneficial . Long , dark nights for sleeping , long , sunny days for sleeping . But then it got too hot . And too cold . Our top scientists went to work . At last , they located a planet with the necessary orientation and magnetic field to harness its rotational energy . - Earth ! - Indubitably . Although we call it Blue Blue Shiny Ball . In the area now known as Egypt , my people constructed a giant , semi-octahedral antenna to beam Earth 's rotational energy to Thuban . The Great Pyramid at Giza ! Yes . The Egyptians viewed us as gods , but ironically , that was our downfall . They pampered us with feasts most fancy and victuals most tender . We grew fat and domesticated . Thousands of years passed , and our home world was nearing total destruction . Shut up ! But the technology to save our planet was lost . Lost , that is , until I heard you speak at Mars University . So , you called my thesis a fat sack of barf , and then you stole it ? Welcome to academia . He intends to siphon off Earth 's rotational energy ! Earth will come to a stop , and ... Half of you will cook , and half of you will freeze . Earth will be one big McDLT . We just got that commercial last year . Oh , yeah , smarty paws ? You may have built the ratchet , but you can 't reach the core without 4,000 miles of superconducting wire . The ball of yarn ! Quite . Even so , you 'd still need a tremendously powerful static charge to trigger the process . Ever had a cat rub up against you ? If you 're propositioning me , I 'm not interested . I 'm talking about the charge generated when 50,000 felines rub against a single surface . Professor ? Soon the world will come to a stop , and there 's nothing you can do to stop it . The stopping of the world , that is . It 's unstoppable . Excuse me . The Earth is coming to a stop ! Keep your eyes on the kitties and push ! These space cats seem to be employing some form of hypnotic hyper-cuteness . Well , two can play at that game . And one of them is me . Nibbler ? Poopsie-doodle ? Mr. Winkles , Smudge-Smudge . Quick , dance with each other ! Aw ! Aw ! Damn , they are good . We 're coming to a full stop . All cats , to your posts ! Catastrophe Beach Party . Scene One . Cue disaster effects , and action ! Cut ! That extra looked at the camera . We 'll have to do it again . And now to transfer your planet 's rotational energy to my home world . Well , now , this calls for a celebration . What 's all this cat hair on my sweater ? Why am I full of sand ? And Tootsie Rolls ? You were all under the spell of those obnoxious space cats ! Enjoy being broiled alive by the sun , and also the dead bird we 've left in your slipper . Quickly ! If we turn the ratchet the other way , perhaps we can restart the Earth ! It won 't turn . Push harder , Bender ! I can 't ! You should have called my cousin , Turner . It 's hopeless . Even in theory , the device can only apply force in one direction . Can someone open a window ? It 's getting a little warm in here . Is that better ? Shmeezus , it 's hot ! Why 'd I have to invent that awful device ? Amy , technology isn 't intrinsically good or evil . It 's how it 's used . Like the death ray . Maybe you 're right . I guess science has to keep pushing forward with the hope that ... That 's it ! Pushing forward ! Professor , I know how to restart the Earth ! You can 't suddenly know something just by assembling a committee of words . That 's it ! I 'll assemble your committee ! The ratchet won 't turn backwards , but what if we kept pushing it forward ? Earth would start turning again ! Yes , the wrong direction ! So ? Gentlemen , ladies , let 's get this globe trotting . It 's working ! Just a little faster ! But we 're plotzing here ! Then look at Nibbler ! Aw ! On the whole , Earth 's society is worthless . But they do have these things called antique rugs that are great for peeing on . Good show . And though the world is now spinning in the wrong direction , it 's good enough . Well done , Amy . I 'm honored to begrudgingly present you with your Ph.D. In applied physics . Also , some kind of sportsmanship award I had in my glove compartment . Yay ! I 'm finally done with school ! How 's the job market ? Rough . Congratulations , Dr. Wong ! Congratulations . Permission to come aboard ? Granted , shnookums . You 've got a bright future , Amy . As sure as the sun sets in the east . ENGLISH - US - SDH
