 Item one ... Duck ! ( YELLS ) Cubert , you crapscallion ! Why aren 't you in school ? I couldn 't get past the protestors . A bunch of smiling , angry people were handing out these anti-evolution flyers . ( GASPS ) Evolution is under attack in our schools ? To the Science Mobile ! - You mean the ship ? - Yes . The Science Mobile ! It 's just that you 've never called it that before , but okay . I don 't understand evolution , and I have to protect my kids from understanding it ! We will not give in to the thinkers ! ( ALL CHEERING ) You people are as loud as you are ignorant . Now , get back on your turnip trucks and go home ! ( BOOING ) That is an insultingly accurate stereotype , sir ! As a professor of science , I assure you that we did , in fact , evolve from filthy monkey-men ! I cannot speak for you , sir , but my ancestors were not monkeys . They were orangutans . Hard-working , patriotic orangutans . Dr. Banjo ? In the fur . And I remind you that evolution is merely a theory , like gravity , or the shape of the Earth . Hey , Professor , I 'm a flying spaghetti monster . You seriously believe I 'm descended from some kind of flightless manicotti ? - Yes ! - Oh , please . A far more logical explanation is the undisprovable science of Creatureism . All life was created in its present form 7,000 years ago by a fantastical creature from outer space ! - Bunk ! - Oh ! If your elitist East Coast evolution is real , why has no one found the missing link between modern humans and ancient apes ? We did find it . It 's called Homo erectus . Then you have proven my case , sir , for no one has found the link between apes and this Homo erectus . Yes , they have ! It 's called Homo habilis . Ah-ha ! But no one has found the missing link between ape and this so-called Homo habilis . Yes , they have ! It 's called Australopithecus africanus ! Oh-ho ! I 've got you now . Fair enough , but where , then , is the missing link between apes and this Darwinius masillae ? Answer me that , Professor ! ( EX CLAIMS ) Okay , granted , that one missing link is still missing , but just because we haven 't found it doesn 't mean it doesn 't exist ! ( EX CLAIMS ) Things don 't exist simply because you believe in them . Thus sayeth the Almighty Creature in the Sky ! FARNSWORTH : I 'll show that banana-swilling poop-slinger ! We just need to find that last missing link . I found a missing link . It seems to be half man , half toucan . Not what we 're looking for . Throw it in the soup . And here 's something . Uh-oh . It 's another one of Fry 's dogs . - You find something , Hermes ? - Ah , no . ( GROANS ) I hate chiseling right after a manicure . Oh ! Darn it ! I broke off one of my fingers ! Look , Cubert . The neck on this one . I bet he spent a fortune on ties ! What , too soon ? ( SNORTS ) I highly doubt a Jurassic elaphrosaurid had access to neckwear . I knew I should have gone with the ring-around-the-collar joke . Hey , look ! I found a robot fossil ! That 's a bedspring , you dumb bedspring ! There are no robot fossils . What ? Who says I didn 't evolve ? Everybody ! Robots were created quite recently . It was in all the papers . Then explain this ! ( CLINKING ) ( DIGGING ) FARNSWORTH : I 've hit a rich vein of missing links . Java man , Piltdown man , Manfred Mann . ( GASPS ) Eureka ! It 's the elusive missing missing link . This will show Banjo , once and for all . ALL : Yeah ! - What the ... - AMY : Oh , that 's mine . Hmm . My tux doesn 't fit . Probably because I 've grown so much since I last wore it . Or evolved , one might say . One might not say that . Your tux doesn 't fit because you stole it from a boy . You mean a man . It was his Bar Mitzvah . Welcome , museum members . Or , as I like to call you , future exhibits . ( CHUCKLING WEAKLY ) He 's good . Tonight we have a new resident here in the Hall of Hominids , generously donated by its discoverer , Hubert Farnsworth . Ladies and gentlemen , Homo Farnsworth . Once again , science saves the day . The end . And now , to discuss the scientific implications of this discovery , our new museum curator , Dr. Banjo ! Thank you , Professor Farnsworth , for your generous gift , which has , once and for all , disproven evolution . Behold ! Homo Farnsworth , frolicking with dinosaurs at the moment of creation . I don 't want to live on this planet anymore . FARNSWORTH : Faster ! Faster ! Just drop me off at that asteroid over there . Wow , this planetoid is completely lifeless . Not lifeless enough ! Set up my shack so I can kick you out of it ! ( YELLS ) Professor , is this your only water source ? It looks like Diet Dr. Pepper . It 's not that bad . It 's just laden with toxic minerals . But not for long . - What 's in the tube ? - Microscopic Nanobots . They 're tiny robots I designed to eat up nasty irritants . Speaking of nasty irritants , what 's gonna become of Cubert ? Who ? Oh , my son . Don 't worry . He 's been safely abandoned with his godfather . Cubert , I felt we needed some father-son bonding time , so I found a couple of baseball gloves and boiled them up for lunch . Why don 't you just go to hell ! Wait ! We still have to discuss the facts of life . What are they ? ( SIGHS ) Okay , I finished moving the last grand piano . Now can we have our pizza ? You 'll get your damn pizza , you parasite ! First , let 's see if my Nanobots have purified the water yet . ( EX CLAIMS ) The water 's as sterile as my milkman-trusting father . But what 's this ? The Nanobots have gotten more complex . What 's that you say ? Those robots evolved all by themselves , you say ? It wasn 't by themselves . I put them there . I 'm a genius . Get over it ! Look . Now they got bigger . FARNSWORTH : Good heavens ! Trilobots ! Oh , no ! My sunglasses were in there ! ( SCREAMING ) Get off ! Let 's get the pizza out of here ! ( PANTING ) Look , there 's a cave-like hole in that mountain . It might be a cave . ( PANTING ) LEELA : Does anyone have a lighter ? - BENDER : Hang on . - ( OPENING BOTTLE ) ( GULPING ) ( BURPING ) Okay , we have shelter and just enough precious food to ward off starvation . It 's pizza time ! Pineapple ? - Man ! - So much for that . Hello . I remembered you liked superheroes , so I painted you a mural on your wall . This is Father-Man . He fights crime to earn Son-Boy 's respect . - Is it working ? - This is sucky ! You suck ! Who taught you to do three-point perspective ? I could make a better mural with my butt ! Father-Man away . ( SNORING ) ( YAWNS ) Nothing like a cave for a good night 's sleep . So , what do we got to eat that 's not poisoned with pineapple ? I packed plenty of food , but it 's all in dehydrated pill form . Then we need water from that pond . We 'll have to fight our way past the Trilobots . Go ! Go ! Hit anything that moves ! ( ALL EX CLAIMING IN PAIN ) ( ALL EX CLAIM ) - Whoa . - Wow . AMY : A whole forest grew overnight . ( METALLIC CLANGING ) All these trees are robotic . I can 't believe how quickly they sprung up . I can . Robots do everything faster , including evolving and believing how quickly things spring up . One thing about Bristol-Myers Squibb , they know how to cook a steak . Hey , look at me . I 'm the Ty-D-Bol Man . I own a yacht , and everybody poops on me ! ( SCREAMING ) Help ! Police ! Everybody grab a club . ( SCREAMING ) Oh , big , tough water guy , why don 't you come up here on land and ... ( SCREAMING ) Look out for the next thing ! ( SCREAMING ) Great Scott , a Tricycle-tops . ( BOTH ROARING ) ( CHEERING ) Throw down , dinosaurs of the land and sea . ( CAWING ) ( SCREAMING ) This is a cool way to die ! Dr. Zoidberg ? I 'm sorry for treating you like a total Zoidberg ... I mean , loser . Go on . It 's just that I get bullied a lot . I guess I kind of make fun of people as a defense mechanism . Hey , Cubert , is that your family mansion ? ( LAUGHS MOCKINGLY ) Why don 't you ask your mom ? She 's coming over for a sex visit . ( GROWLING ) ( WHIMPERING ) Don 't worry , I know how to handle bullies . Just pretend like you 're pathetic . Help , I 'm scared ! I wet myself . I 'm crying like a baby and I 'm soaking in pee , but what else is new ? ( CRYING ) ( LAUGHS MOCKINGLY ) The pee-babies peed themselves . I 'm off to pottery class , dorkwads . And that 's that . Whoa ! You 're like some kind of dumpster Jedi . So , you want to come in maybe ? I 've got a nice pound cake with a footprint on it . Don 't eat my butt ! If this is anything like killing that pigeon on my balcony , we 've got our work cut out for us . ( TIRES SQUEALING ) ( SCREAMING ) Look out , a solar flare ! - What the shmell happened ? - A mass extinction . That solar flare created a huge electromagnetic pulse that , while harmless to organic life , short-circuited the robo-dinosaurs . Convenient . Only puny mammal-like robots cowering in caves could survive such a catastrophe . Guys , guys ! I taught myself to knit . Wait a moment . If we could scavenge the right parts from these robo-dinos , I might be able to construct a rudimentary spaceship to get us off this planet ! Oh , well , it took almost two hours , but it 's finished . ( ALL CHEERING ) Now let 's go to sleep . It 's solar powered , so we can 't take off until sunrise . Well , let 's find something comfy to bed down on . ( SNORING ) ( MUFFLED YELLING ) ( ROOSTER CROWING ) ( ALL YAWNING ) Hey , looky here . ( HORN HONKING ) HERMES : Sweet robot swan of Botswana ! Looks like the fittest did a little surviving last night , huh ? Whatever . Hey , looky there . ( SCREAMING ) ( GASPS ) Those robo-cavemen have kidnapped our human regular-women . We gotta save them ! But the only weapon we have is my fan dance . I believe I can fashion a slingshot using this robot wishbone and this elastic from my pants . ( GRUNTING ) I think they want wives , so just play along . If it doesn 't work out , we 'll still get half their rocks . I can earn my own rocks . Also , I don 't want any rocks . Well , it took almost 12 hours , but it 's finished . HERMES : It 's too dark now , but first thing tomorrow , we 'll slingshot them like they 've never been slangshat . ( YELLING ) What 's going on ? How did we save you ? It was the weirdest thing . We went to sleep , and when we woke up , our cave husbands were gone . I 'm gonna miss Spencer . Don 't be afraid , little guys . I 'm not going to hurt you . ( WHISTLES ) Nice net . ( STAMMERING ) You can speak ? Dread my locks ! A fully-evolved robot human ! I 'm Dr. Widnar , a naturalist . And I 'm Bender , baby . My human slaves and I come from a planet where organic life and robotic life evolved side by side . Shut up ! Amazing . I 've theorized that carbon-based , fat-filled life could exist , but until today , I never had any proof . Good for you . Can we go home now ? ( MURMURING ) Welcome , museum members , or as I like to call you , future exhibits . ( ROBOT COUGHS ) I now present my latest discovery , the amazing non-mechanical man , Homo Farnsworth . Thank you . I must say , I 'm so proud to see what you 've blossomed into since I first created your ancestors . ( ALL GASP ) - What ? - I thought you knew . You all evolved from some filth-gobbling Nanobots I designed . I dumped them in one of your ponds a few days ago . But this is creationist talk . He speaks lies ! The Earth was created in eons , not days . Yes , relative to you , it was eons , but , well , look at this hologram I took the day before yesterday of a robot frolicking with a robo-dinosaur . ( ALL GASP ) I don 't want to live on this planet anymore . You 're under arrest for crimes against science . No ! Could you drag me by the restroom ? ( CHATTERING ) MAN : Go back to Roboklahoma ! Order ! In the matter of Everyone v. Farnsworth , the alleged creationist faces a sentence of death by melting . Who is representing the accused ? - I am . - I am , Your Honor . ( ALL GASP ) Bender , what the hell are you doing ? Shut up , I 'm billing you by the hour ! Besides , I 'm a robot , they 'll listen to me . ( CLEARING THROAT ) Ladytrons and gentlebots ... Objection . In the absence of pants , defense 's suspenders serve no purpose . I 'm going to allow them for now . Thank you . Your Honor , this meat-man does not deny that we robots are the glorious product of evolution . He claims only to have played a small role in supplying the initial machinery . I ask you , is that so crazy ? Yes , it 's completely crazy , and that is why you must find him not guilty by reason of insanity ! ( ALL GASP ) Objection ! I 'm not crazy . I created you all , and I came here in a homemade spaceship and lived in a cave . If you don 't believe me , ask my uncle . Prosecutor , your opening statement ? Yeah , honey , I 'll be home for dinner . The prosecution rests , Your Honor . Very well . We will reconvene when the jury reaches a verdict . Son , you in a whole mess of trouble . ( SNORING ) ( GAVEL THUDDING ) What ? JUDGE : Has the jury reached a verdict ? MAN : No , we have not , for we have evolved to a higher state of consciousness . In the grand scheme , all physical beings are but yokels . Now , settle your petty squabbles and get the hell out . That 'll be $ 10,000 . Well , digital photographs don 't lie . I admit that what you witnessed may have been some form of evolution . I 'm glad you agree , Dr. Banjo . Evolution set in motion by a wise and all-knowing creator . You . ( CHUCKLES ) Well , I don 't know about all-knowing . And I admit it 's possible , however unlikely , that some wise and all-knowing alien monster set evolution in motion here on Earth . And the creator could also be a robot . ( SCOFFS ) Then who built this so-called creator robot ? Some magical bearded robot in the sky ? I guess that would be stupid . Never mind . Then it 's settled . Finally , a world in which I 'm happy to raise my son . Good , ' cause I 'm sick of him . ( ALL LAUGHING ) I 'm serious . He 's a terrible person . ENGLISH - US - SDH
