 ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) As Mayor , it is my deeply tedious pleasure to kick off the 83rd or 84th Annual E-Waste Recycling Festival ! ( CHEERING ) Down in front ! Sorry . I get aroused in crowds . I will now throw out the ceremonial first dump , this old , inefficient vote-rigger ! ( CHEERING ) These old doomsday devices are dangerously unstable . I 'll rest easier not knowing where they are . So long , overly complicated Japanese toilet . TOILET : Please , not to throw away . I give you a happy poopie time . Sorry , you know too much . ( CHUCKLES ) Seems like a good place to ditch some evidence . Flexo ? What are you doing in a hazardous-waste bin ? Haven 't you heard ? Us bending units are dangerously outdated . We overheat , we 're radioactive , we cause erectile ... Who were you talking to ? No one . Your mama . Shut up . Take your pick . ( REPORTERS CLAMORING ) Scoop Chang , New New York Times online podcast blog comments editor . Mr. Mayor , isn 't this e-waste dangerous ? Not at all , Scoop . Not after it 's hauled off to the third world by an expendable team of minimum-wage nobodies . Good news , nobodies ! Greetings , my friends ! It shan 't take long to strip down your clunker . There 's nothing wrong with our clunker . Really ? Because we can smelt out the deadly , deadly chromium to make rat poison and artificial sweeteners . No , thanks . We 're delivering e-waste . Pity . We 're halfway done . This thing is 40 % chromium ! Gentle now . Gentle with the hover dumpster . Ready for processing ! What smells like bloody sinuses ? We burn your e-waste down to the usable metals , safely releasing the toxins into our air and drinking water . ( EX CLAIMS ) That 's the worst thing I 've ever seen ! Really ? Then don 't look over there . Whee ! Okay , kids . Let 's play " find the shiny . " ( ALL COUGHING ) That 's even more horrific ! Is all the work done by children ? No , not the whipping . ( WHIP CRACKING ) Granted , we later learned some positive things about recycling , but a better solution is to use our electronics as long as possible instead of throwing them out in the first place . I 'm gonna start by keeping my old cell phone , even if it is outdated . Hello , Miss Turanga . Your call to St. Louis has gone through . Well , let 's at least throw this TV out . The batteries in the remote are getting low . No ! Put that back and turn it on ! I was just trying to help . More on this breaking puff piece after a word from our sponsor . ANNOUNCER : With the new eyePhone , you can watch , listen , ignore your friends , stalk your ex , download porno on a crowded bus , even check your e-mail while getting hit by a train . All with the new eyePhone . WOMAN : From Mom . A new eyePhone ? Forget this junk . Well , this is a fine how-do-you-do ! - So long ! - Sayonara . - Bye-bye ! - Good riddance ! - Yup ! - Toodle-oo . Come on , let 's buy some eyePhones online . Wait . I thought we were buying our eyePhones online . We are on line . But I thought the Mom Store was across town . It is across town . - But I thought ... - Stop thinking , Fry ! I feel like a mindless zombie . I wish I knew how long we 've been waiting . The eyePhone has an app for that ! Is there an app for kissing my shiny metal ass ? - Several ! - Ooh ! No , the light ! I guess I 'm off to hell . That 's the store , Professor . ( POP SONG PLAYING ) Wow ! It 's that obscure underground song that 's constantly playing everywhere . Hello , dearies . Welcome to the Mom Store . The new eyePhones are in short supply , so please form an orderly ... - Out of the way ! - I need ... Move ! - Are there any left ? - There may be one . Okay , it 's $ 500 , you have no choice of carrier , the battery can 't hold a charge and the reception isn 't very ... Shut up and take my money ! The new eyePhone is wonderful . I use it to check recipes and send threatening e-mails to unauthorized third-party app developers . Say , you 're from one of those ethnicities that knows about technology . - Why is it called an eyePhone ? - I 'll explain after I install it . ( SCREAMING ) Neat . Now for the earpiece . But my favorite app is called Twitcher . ( FRY SCREAMS ) Twitcher lets you send and receive short messages or videos called twits . Why , here 's a twit now . Hi , Mom . I love you more than ... AUTOMATED VOICE : Low battery . But don 't take my word for it . Unbiased-Reviews . Mom says Twitcher is the killer app . And when I say killer app , I mean killer app ! ( SINISTER LAUGH ) Ow ! ANNOUNCER : And now , another downloadisode ofthe Real Housewives of Sim City . She needs to reset . I 'll say it to her face . No wonder traditional media is dead . Check out this webisode of Hypnotoad . Enjoy your outdated format , Grandpa . Nowadays , cool kids like me mash up our own phone-isodes . It 's from the kidnappers . My nephew is alive ! And he 's in this envelope . They cut off one of my dimensions ! - No ! No ! - ( SOBBING ) Oh , my God , it 's Bender ! He 'll save us ! ( RINGING ) What 's happening to me ? Is it puberty ? It 's a phone call , dingus . These eyePhones are phones , too ? Duh ! - Fry-Io . - Hi , Fry . Did you know these eyePhones are phones , too ? Duh ! Hey , is it safe to talk while you 're flying ? Oh , totally . This thing 's hands-free . That 's how I can eat this taco and this spaghetti . I 'm hanging up now . Hey , check out this Internet video of some idiot crashing her spaceship ! - You recorded that ? - The eyePhone records everything . All I did was add a laugh track and twit it to my 10,000 followers . ( LAUGHTER ) That reminds me . It 's time to twit my hourly twupdate . What 's up , followers ? Fry here . ( BURPS ) Burping eggs , scratching my underarm fungus , looking for love . Send . Underarm fungus ? Too much information . It 's exactly the right amount of information ! For years , I 've collected personal data with old-fashioned methods , like spybots and info-squitos . This guy sure loves porno . But now , thanks to Twitcher , morons voluntarily spew out every fact I need to exploit them ! Target acquired , Mother . Fire direct marketing algorithm ! Do you suffer from the heartbreak of ... FRY : My underarm fungus . Then you , Mr. Or Mrs ... ( BURPS ) Need the soothing relief of Mom ' s Caustic Anti-Fungal Bleach ! Can I somehow charge it to my eyePhone for an additional fee ? MOM : Hell , yes ! Hey , fatso , stuffa you face ! ( GASPS ) This thing always seems to know when I got the munchies ! Attention , followers . It 's free topping day at the pizza place across the street ! Send . Duh ! That 's why we all came over here for lunch . Send . Greetings , followers . This is day five of my solo kayak journey around the world . Send . ( LAUGHS ) Can you believe 50,000 idiots swallow that crap ? Send . Oops . Wait . You have 50,000 followers ? I only have three . Send . ( EYEPHONES BEEP ) I unsubscribed yesterday . I got the most followers ' cause I give the people what they want . Like this video of you doing karate in your underpants . ( EX CLAIMING ) ( GROANS ) - Help ! Police ! - Send . That is low , Bender , even by your standards . My what now ? Since when is the Internet about robbing people of their privacy ? August 6 , 1991 . I 'll bet I can get as many followers as you without sinking to your level . What do you say ? First one to a million followers wins a buck . - You 're on ! - ( EX CLAIMS ) Send . - What happens to the loser ? - Let 's make it interesting . ( EX CLAIM IN DISGUST ) Why is Mr. Chunks doing that ? Because the loser of our bet has to do a double somersault into a tub of alien goat vomit . ( CHUCKLING ) Wait , let 's make it interestinger . Vomit and diarrhea . Good idea . That way we don 't waste an end . It 's putrid . What do you feed him ? What comes out one end , we feed to the other . Also Indian food . Let the contest begin ! ( SCREAMING ) ( INAUDIBLE ) Amazing . Some dumb bastard has nearly a million other dumb bastards following his every twit ! Are you dumb bastards listening to me , you dumb bastards ? Why are you so angry , Mommy ? Oh , I 'm sorry . I guess I 'm just a little nervous about my evil plan . You dumb bastards ! You see , the plan is about to enter phase two . As soon as someone reaches a million followers , I 'll use them to transmit the twit-worm . Mother , you devious hag . Tell us more about this twit-worm . It 's a very special computer virus , for instead of infecting computers , it infects the human brain . I like it . The million followers will become an army of zombies eager to obey my every command ! ( LAUGHING ) The important thing is , we 're a family . No , it 's not ! ( MR. CHUNKS SNEEZES ) Ew ! He sneezed in it . Oh , God , I 'm going to lose the bet . I 'm gonna have to swim in the juice of the Puke-Me-Poop-You . Don 't give up . You just need more titillating twits . Trust me , I want twits that tittle . Then you 're gonna have to sink to Bender 's level . Stop acting like the Queen of England . ( WOMAN SINGING ) Who 's that ? The Queen of England ? Excuse me . I have to ... Someplace . That was odd . Where 'd that singing come from ? It wasn 't the goat . All of its orifices are in use . WOMAN : ( SINGING ) I dreamed a dream in time gone by When hope was high and life worth living I dreamed that love would never die I dreamed that God would be forgiving ( SCREAMING ) - What the hell is that ? - Nothing . I 'm not nothing . All my life , everyone 's called me nothing . You have a boil on your butt that sings show tunes with you ? Don 't look at me . I 'm a freak . No , no , well ... I 've been ashamed of Susan as long as I can remember . You named your boil Susan ? A boil kinna have a name ? They also said a boil kinna sing , but ... ( SINGING ) Amazing grace How ... ( SCREAMS ) Ew ! She 's Scottish . I lance her every few months , but she always grows back . ( WEEPING ) It 's hard enough being a Cyclops , but if anyone found out about Susan , I 'd be devastated . ( SINGING ) Amazing grace How ... Whoa ! Gross . Million-follower gross . Fry , delete that . Delete that right now ! What ? Oh . Okay . ( CHUCKLING ) So much for a pleasant swim in vomit . ( COUGHING ) ( WHISPERS ) Send . ( COUGHING ) Did you delete it ? Uh ... Thanks , Fry , you 're a good friend . ( SINGING ) Amazing grace How ... ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Hey , there she goes in the genuine . Let 's get to hooting . ( HOOTS ) Whoa , whoa , whoa ! If it ain 'ts the world 's number ones Internet sensation . Where ? Also , what ? ( SINGING ) Amazing grace ... How ... ( ALL LAUGHING ) - Play it one more time . - No ! It 's humiliating and degrading to Leela . Play it 10 more times . ( SIGHS ) I know I shouldn 't have twitted that , but not swimming in barf might ease my conscience . But if Leela should find out , her dignity sac will rupture . That 's why we can 't let her see this . Leela , lock the door so Leela doesn 't ... How could you do this ? ( SOBBING ) ( INAUDIBLE ) Poor Mr. Chunks . At least he died doing what he loved . He 's in a better place now . There , I turned a regular board into a diving board . Impending news , everyone . We 're about to learn the winner of the bet . Oh , boy , oh , boy , oh , boy . ( WHISPERS ) I hope it 's me . Wait a minute . There 's a chance I could lose ? That wasn 't part of the deal . Sweet Georgia Brown of Kingston Town . It 's a tie . Since no one lost , no one has to jump . All right , a tie ! I win again ! I 'm a scuzzball . Don 't feel bad . At least you 're not Leela . A tie ? This worked out better than I could have hoped . Now I 'll have two million zombies . Actually , Fry and Bender may share some of the same followers . All we can say for sure is that there will be between one million and two million zombies . All I can say for sure is ... Now , stop getting slapped and power up the twit-worm ! ( POWER SURGING ) ( BOTH LAUGHING ) It 's both disgusting and inspiring , like Jared from Subway . Okay , I 'm a freak with a singing butt boil , but I 'm still a human being , more or less . Singing butts boil ? That 's yesterdays 's news . Like that giant caterpillar what ate Jared from Subway . Nows us Internet geeks gots a whole new video sensation . So , my humiliation is over ? Who are you ? And now , to create an unstoppable army of between one and two million zombies ! Shouldn 't you wait for the weather to clear up ? No . I give you the twit-worm ! Send . I 'm sick of my head doing things . Leela ! Fry , I came to talk to you . No , I came to talk to you . It looked like you were just sitting there , but whatever . I am so , so sorry for what I did , and I know I can never make it up to you . You don 't have to apologize . In fact , I came to thank you . I think you mean hit me . Everyone knows my secret , but no one cares . I have nothing to hide anymore . Fry , thanks to your selfish rudeness , a terrible weight has been lifted from my heart . SUSAN : That 's not the only place you need a terrible weight lifted . ( SUSAN GROANS ) Susan and I are agreed . For the first time in our lives , we 're not ashamed of who we are . SUSAN : I was never ashamed . Come here . What stinks ? Were you rolling around in New Jersey ? Leela , I knew I could never make it up to you , so I did the next best thing . I put myself through the same humiliation I put you through . ( SCREAMS ) ( LAUGHING ) Aw . You didn 't have to do that . I didn 't ? Damn . Don 't worry . By tomorrow , no one will remember . - Can I have another hug ? - No . SUSAN : Hold your nose and give it a go . AUTOMATED VOICE : Introducing the all-new eyePhone 2.0 . ( CHEERING ) Dumb bastards . ENGLISH - US - SDH
