 RUSH : This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . YOUNG : We are going to survive . We are going to make it home . I 'm telling you , this ship came here for a reason ! RUSH : Destiny is powered by the stars themselves . WRAY : He and Young are bumping heads , yes . Not sure which camp is the better choice . YOUNG : We just pretend nothing happened ? We need to be ready for the next encounter . For the sake of the crew . For the sake of the crew . Eli , do not let that man take over a single system . He 's doing it anyway . We 've sealed off Colonel Young and most of the military personnel . We 've taken the ship . You 've got our attention . What do you want ? All military personnel to hand over their weapons immediately . I 'm just a little surprised you 're taking Rush 's side . Rush was an inconvenience , so Colonel Young left him on that planet to die . ELl : He has a transmitter implanted in his chest . That 's how they 've been following us . Even if we survive to the next jump , they 'll just track us again . WRAY : Obviously , we need to find a way to work together . YOUNG : Pretend it never happened ? You shouldn 't have left him on the planet . You think I don 't know that ? ( ALARM beeping ) Should you be out of bed ? There 's too much work to be done . We 'd best get on with it . " We " ? Ready . All right , go ahead and re-pressurize . PARK : Re-pressurizing . BRODY ON radio : It 's holding steady . ( breathing DEEPLY ) And we 've got atmosphere . RUSH : Very good . Continue with the repairs , beginning with na vigation and propulsion . BRODY : Roger that . YOUNG : What the hell are you doing ? Repairing the damaged shuttle , if that 's all right . - I mean , you just had surgery . - I 'm fine , thank you . You look like you 're ready to drop dead . And that would be a bad thing ? Yes , Rush , that would be a bad thing . Listen to me , the civilians aboard this ship didn 't try to take over because they thought I was doing a bang-up job . I get that . Well , good for you . I also get that I have to make this work . So , I 've ordered my people to make a special effort . I would like to do the same , even with you . Wow . That must have taken quite the effort . You have no idea . Lieutenant Scott , we just dropped out of FTL . - Please have a team ready on standby . - SCOTT : Yes , sir . - But the gate isn 't dialing . - YOUNG : Why not ? - Because there 's nothing there . - What ? It appears we have dropped out of FTL into empty space . No planets , no stars , nothing . SCOTT : You might want to re-check that data . The ships that are seeding the gates ahead of Destiny , I thought they send a record of the star systems in our path . They do . That star is not supposed to be here . ( PEOPLE murmuring ) SCOTT : Sit tight , guys . Gate 's not dialing . They think it might be some kind of a glitch in the database . And here I was worried I 'd have to cut short my delicious meal . ( JOHANSEN CHUCKLES ) You okay ? Look like you might be coming down with something . I 'm fine . Just tired . We call that cold . Yeah . Yeah , it 's going to take a little time . And " a special effort on our part towards a spirit of cooperation . " The Colonel 's right about that . We have to live with these people . Doesn 't mean I got to like it . Yeah , you do . At least , you have to look like you do . Good luck with that . All right , am I wrong ? Does she look like she 's coming down with something ? RUSH : It 's a G-2 star . Yellow dwarf , similar to our own sun . Because Destiny didn 't know it was here , the star 's gravity well disrupted our propulsion systems , causing us to drop out of FTL prematurely . It 's a glitch in the technology . So , what happens now ? We 've entered a parabolic course . Once we 're around the star , we 'll be far enough away from its gravitational influence , back into FTL , and on our way . How long 's that going to take ? A few weeks . There is , however , a silver lining . A planet ? RUSH : Only one in the solar system , so far as I can see . About the same size as Earth . - Looks close . - RUSH : It is . Within shuttle range . Atmosphere ? In a word ? Perfect . I 've been over the database a dozen times . No evidence of any glitch or anomaly . ELl : Yeah , I couldn 't find anything either . It 's like this star just appeared out of nowhere . Well , vigorous surface activity , strong stellar winds , bipolar outflow . It 's brand-new , all right . It 's straight out of T Tauri phase . Which would still make it like , what , 100 million years old ? It 's 200 million . And how far ahead of us are those gate-seeding ships ? It doesn 't make any sense . The ships would have noticed it . And dropped a shiny new stargate on the planet . That 's the weirder thing about this . I mean , if this star really is this young , then that planet should still be a ball of molten rock . All right , we 're through the upper atmosphere . Everything looks good . I 'm going to set her down on that land mass directly below us . - No sign of any wildlife . - CAlNE : That we can see . It 's pure . ( SCOTT CHUCKLES ) How you feeling ? Great . A little sunshine , fresh air , water . Just what I needed . GREER : Yo , check this out ! There 's a whole grove of trees back there loaded with these things . JOHANSEN : Hmm . It 's like a kiwi . We 'll take it back and do an edibility test ... - I 'll do one right now . - Greer ! What the hell are you doing ? Oh . - That 's nice . - We don 't even know if it 's poisonous . We will . SCOTT ON radio : We 're getting a ton ofplant samples . T.J. thinks there 's all sorts of medicinal possibilities . Well , that 's great , that 's great . We also found some fruit . Greer went ahead and ate one . So far he hasn 't had any reactions to it . How about water ? Tons ofit . Pure , too . Bring back as much ofit as we can . No alien creatures slithering around ? No , nothing . It 's weird , but it 's daytime , so who knows what comes out at night ? All right , load up the shuttle , and head on back . Do a fly-over of the area on your way . Copy that . Scott out . SCOTT : There you are . JOHANSEN : This place . It reminds me of home . We used to go camping , Olympic Peninsula . My dad and I , we 'd go hiking for days at a time , find these amazing vistas and canyons , waterfalls . Time to go , T.J. ( EXHALES ) Damn near perfect . It doesn 't make any sense , the ship not knowing about this place . Of all the planets to put a stargate on , I would think that ... Looks like we weren 't the first ones here . SCOTT : It 's massive . 2,000 feet high , at least . We detected a faint EM field around it , but nothing else . Those markings , like some kind of alien language . Do you think it 's the same ones we keep running into ? Not with this level of technology . - What , to build this thing ? - No . To create a planet . They actually built this planet ? ( CHUCKLES ) The Genesis device . ( SlGHlNG ) The end of Wrath ofKhan . The reason why Destiny had no knowledge of this star system is that it was placed there after the gate-seeding ships had passed through . Wait , you 're telling me they built the star , too ? That would make them the number-one all-time advanced civilization . RUSH : That would be an understatement . Okay , so what do we do about this ? We send a team back down there . What ? Look , our orbit has been refined . It 's going to be four weeks , two days , seven hours before we jump back to FTL . I 'm proposing we take advantage of the wait . I thought you said we were almost out of shuttle range . We are , but we 're going to swing back into range once we circle the star and before we jump to FTL . We send a team down now , pick them back up in a month 's time , loaded with supplies . We time it right on the return , we could take two , maybe three trips . What about the aliens ? We didn 't see them . Well , it doesn 't mean that they 're not around . Look , we have three hours left before we 're out of shuttle range . If we 're going to do this , we have to do it quickly . Okay , okay , just to say this out loud , assuming that this star and this planet were created by the most incredibly advanced aliens ever , maybe they don 't want anyone messing around with it . We need the food and medicine . RUSH : I agree . The gains outweigh the risks . ELl : Do they ? We 're 0-for-3 on close encounters of the third kind . What makes you think that these guys are going to be any different ? I 'm not sending anyone down there without protection . And we 'll have the shuttle in case we got to bug out . Eli . Everything we do out here is a risk . - WRAY : T.J. ? - Hi . I heard you found some plants with possible analgesic properties ? Yes , high concentration of salicin . Similar to aspirin . You got a headache ? Only since I 've been on this ship . Take these , steep them in hot water , and drink it . So , you 're joining the team going down to the planet ? Yeah , all types of medicinals . I can 't pass it up . How about you ? ( sighs ) I don 't know . I mean , part of me wants to , but what if Rush 's calculations are off ? Can we trust him ? You tell me . YOUNG : I want round-the-clock watch on camps . Guard details on every science team going into the woods . SCOTT : Yes , sir . YOUNG : Hopefully we 'll be able to fix the damaged shuttle before you return , and double up on supplies we can bring back . - Good luck . - SCOTT : Thanks . You 're coming , too ? - ls there a problem with that ? - YOUNG : No . Happy camping . - You all set ? - Yes , sir . Cole will be looking after Franklin in the infirmary while I 'm away . I told her to contact me if there 's any change in his condition . - ls there anything else ? - No , sir . SCOTT ON radio : We 're clear . YOUNG : We 'll see you in a month . All right , folks , you got the whole month to enjoy the scenery . We need to set up camp , establish a perimeter . Sun moves that way . Guys ? Over here . Sun moves that way , so that 's west , okay ? River 's back that way about half a klick ... Kilometer . We 'll sleep in the shuttle for now , but I want shelters built ASAP . How many of you guys have gone camping before ? Well , okay , that 's fine . Just watch , ask , and learn . You guys know your team assignments . Let 's get going . MAN : Okay . Let 's go . WOMAN : Yeah , I got it . Um ... I don 't have a team yet . Yeah , right , sorry . Do you feel like helping T.J. with plants ? - Sure . - Okay . GREER : Hey , hey , hey , hey ! What 's going on over here ? I 'm not digging the latrine . - ls that what you told him to do ? - Somebody 's got to do it . True enough . Start digging . - What ? No , you can 't make me . - You , too . - But , Sergeant , I ... - You 're going to dig , okay ? You 're both going to dig , and you 're going to love every moment of it , or you will keep digging until you do . The spirit of co-operation . We 're all friends now . ( GREER laughing ) So , we 'll photograph and log every plant we find . Don 't ingest anything until we do a proper edibility test . - You all right ? - Yeah , just ... It 's passing . I 'm fine . ( sighs ) The amount of food and water we get on that ship , it 's a wonder we 're not all fainting from malnutrition . Yeah . SCOTT : Well , I just got the word . Destiny is now officially out of range . No turning back . We are stuck here . - WRAY : Hey . - Hey . How 's it going ? ( sighs ) Well , I hope they bring back tons of food . The last of that fruit that they brought back is already gone . Or so you think . Snuck this earlier . I 'll split it with you if you promise not to rat me out . Deal . So , tell me ... Thanks . You think it 's possible to create a star ? No . No way . Now , being transported to a ship on the other side of the universe by a wormhole , that 's totally doable . Look , that star just appeared out of nowhere and the planet 's age doesn 't match . If some all-powerful alien beings didn 't create it , who did ? ( FOOTSTEPS approaching ) Jeez , hey , I 'm sorry . I 'll go somewhere else . Oh , no . No , no , that 's okay . Hey , I wanted to thank you . I know all the military personnel are trying to mend fences , but you 're one of the few who actually seems to mean it . Yeah , well , we 've got to work it out , right ? It 's interesting that we 've now been given the time down here to do that . Yeah , well , we were pretty lucky to find this place . My mom used to say there 's no such thing as luck , only the hand of God giving you a little help when you need it most . Somewhere along the line , I mean , I stopped believing all that . But now , I look at this place ... I mean , put right in our path for us to find . Tell me that isn 't a miracle . Hey , how 's it going ? - Terrible . - Great . Which is it ? Propulsion 's almost completely shot . Might be able to get to the point where we can fly down to the planet , but there 's no way it 's going to have enough power to get back up . So , there 's that . We 're making some progress on navigation . We can turn left , but not right , or up , or down . Okay . Why did you say " great " ? We can turn left . RUSH ON radio : Colonel Young . - Go ahead . - While Destiny 's engines are off-line , I 'd like to use the extra power to strengthen the shield , maybe explore some damaged areas in the ship , possibly make some repairs . Reclaim some real estate . Exactly . You go ahead . I 'll have Lieutenant James put a team together . You two , you keep at it . You have a month to get this thing to fly to and from that planet and do more than make a left turn . - Fate brought us here ? - I don 't know , maybe . Maybe that 's what brought us to lcarus , and then Destiny . ( MORRlSON laughing ) JOHANSEN : You don 't believe that ? What , you miss your flight and the plane crashes ? You weren 't spared for a reason . God doesn 't have a master plan for you . Things just happen . So we 're born , we live , we die ? It 's all random ? Yeah , and along the way , you do the best with whatever crap you happen to step in . WRAY : I 'm starting to get a bad feeling . ELl : Me , too . I 'm afraid we made a mistake sending those people down to that planet . No . The mistake was not going with them . ( ALL MY DA YS playing ) ( singing ) I have been searching all ofmy days All ofmy days ( inaudible ) Many a road , you know I 've been walking on All ofmy days And I 've been trying to find What 's been in my mind As the days keep turning into night Well , I ha ve been quietly standing in the shade All of my days Watch the sky breaking on the promise that we made All of this rain And I 've been trying to find What 's been in my mind As the days keep turning into night ( JOHANSEN coughing ) ( RETCHlNG ) ( SPlTS ) Hey . You okay ? Here ... I thought you were feeling better . Yeah . I am . Here , let me help you back to camp . You should lie down . No , Chloe . I 'm not sick . ( JOHANSEN sighs ) How far along ? About 15 weeks . Right before we left Icarus . But nobody knows , and I 'd like to keep it that way . - Eventually , they 're going to ... - I know . I know , but not now . I 'll figure out when the right time is . Okay ? Yeah . Sure . Back on the ship , I wasn 't doing well , getting anemic , but out here , with all the food and water . Actually , the morning sickness is a good sign . What about the father ? - What the hell is it ? - RUSH : I don 't know yet . JAMES : Looks like a robot . Figure it out . RUSH : Yeah , no problem . Once I 've attended to the other 100 things on my list . You can always put somebody else on it . I 'm not going to have anyone touch this thing without me present . I 'm going to get to it , Colonel . - Close it up . - JAMES : Okay . SCOTT : Hey . - You okay ? - Yeah . Homesick for Destiny ? Only a few more days till we head back . Honestly ? No . I 'm not . I like it here . I 'm starting to wonder if Dr. Caine is right . That it 's no accident we found this planet . - We were brought here by God ? - Or whoever . I don 't know . I mean , if some alien beings are powerful enough to create this place , maybe there is some kind of higher power in the universe that knew we were in trouble , put this planet here for us to find . Maybe it 's time we stop thinking about ... Hey , what 's that ? YOUNG : When ? SCOTT ON radio : Tonight , just now , coming from the obelisk , shooting straight up into the sky . Dr. Volker detected some kind of a strange radiation . He 's working on it , but it 's like this whole thing suddenly came to life . Why now ? Why not when they first got there ? Perhaps their initial impact wasn 't enough to trigger an alert . But now ... So , this light , you think it 'll bring the aliens back to the planet ? YOUNG : You won 't be there to find out . SCOTT : Destiny is almost in range . Colonel Young wants us to start breaking up camp , - get ready to head back . - VOLKER : What about the obelisk ? - I still need time to figure ... - SCOTT : We don 't have enough time . We need to be ready to fly as soon as Destiny is in range so we can make a couple trips , and get all that food back to the ship . All right , people , you heard the man . Move your asses ! Let 's go ! ( PEOPLE chattering ) - Yes ? - Yes . - Well ... - BRODY : No . Again with this ? The shuttle can fly . It can now go both left and right and up and down . But like I said before , too many problems with propulsion . Fact is , we may never be able to fully repair it . JAMES : All kinds of citrus-type fruits , beans , potatoes ... Sweet potatoes . Scott says they 're amazing . They cannot get back here fast enough . ( ell LAUGHS ) You seem concerned , Dr. Rush . - Something we should know about ? - No . No problems with your calculations , right ? The shuttle will return as scheduled ? Yeah , and Destinywill leave this system , never knowing who created it or why . ( PEOPLE chattering ) You might want to give her some time . Well , we 're breaking camp , and she just takes off without telling me ? She 's thinking about staying here . A lot of people are . Come on , you can 't be surprised . You 've heard people talking about it . - They like it here . - I like it here , too , but we cannot stay . - lt is out of the question . - Why not ? If people want to stay , they have the right . Where the hell have you been ? We 've got to move . I 'm not going . ( SlGHlNG ) Okay , look , I understand how you feel . I like it here , too . But we cannot stay . The Colonel gave us orders . - Matt , don 't . - I can 't go back there . - SCOTT : Why not ? - It 's safer here . Safer ? The aliens who built this rock may be on their way back ! CAlNE : Then good . I mean , if they 're advanced enough to build a solar system , I know they can help us get back home . Not if they don 't wipe us out first . CHLOE : Why do you immediately think they 're going to harm us ? I 'm sorry , do you not remember what the last aliens did to you ? This planet was created for us . We were led here for a reason . For God 's sake ... What if they don 't come back ? Then what ? I 'm okay with that . I 'm healthier here . There 's food and plenty of water . And we 're bringing a ton of it back ! And eventually , it 'll run out . Okay , what about the winters ? Dr. Volker , you said you found evidence it gets very cold here . Yes , well below freezing . For months , T.J. So , we 'll build better shelters . CAlNE : I don 't even think it will come to that . The beings who created this world will return , and they will help us get back home . I know it . You would rather take your chances out here than on Destiny ? CHLOE : We don 't know where that ship is going , or if we 'll ever even make it home . There 's a stargate on it . As long as we have the potential to connect ... JOHANSEN : Matt . I 'm pregnant . I can 't go back there . I can 't stand the thought of raising a child on that ship . We are in range . You are clear to make the first trip back . We only have the one shuttle , so time is of the essence . SCOTT : Sir , we have a problem down here . What is it ? Some of the people have decided that they would like to stay behind on the planet . - Well , you tell them no . - I tried , sir . They have pretty much made up their minds . Who are they ? Eleven people total . Dr. Caine , Chloe , - Lieutenant Johansen ... - What ? - No ! Scott , you tell them ... - And me . - Eleven ? - YOUNG : lncluding some of my own people . And Scott , he has the nerve to ask me to fly him back down to the planet after he drops off the ones returning to the ship . Well , look , I can understand some of them wanting to stay , but Lieutenant Scott and T.J. ? Yeah , he says he feels an obligation to help the people survive down there . WRAY : What are you going to do ? YOUNG : What am I going to do ? I 'm going to make sure they don 't stay down there , that 's for damn sure . WRAY : No , no , you cannot force them to come back . I think he can . We 're going to lose more people through attrition aboard this ship . We simply cannot afford to shed that many people at one time . So , what do you expect him to do ? Bring them back at gunpoint ? Well , if it comes to that , yes . You allow Lieutenant Scott to return with those who want to come back to Destiny , then send down a military detail and round up the rest . That 's great , Rush , coming from you . First you want to kick the military out , and now you want us rounding people up at gunpoint . Colonel , those people have the right to make their own decisions about their future . Not all of them . Did you ... Did you tell him about me ? I 'll let you do that . It 's not my place . He is the father , right ? I caught a few looks between you . I don 't think anyone else knew . I haven 't heard any rumors or anything . Hey . Hey ... You are going to be okay . I 'll be here , and I 'm not going to let anything happen to you . ( SNlFFLlNG ) RUSH : Have you gone mad ? Man , look , I really don 't want to argue with you . - RUSH : You 're letting them stay ? - Not all of them . - And you 're giving them a shuttle ? - The damaged shuttle . It 's not damaged anymore ! Didn 't you say that the shuttle may never be fully functional ? We may need the shuttle for any number of reasons ... I 'm not going to leave those people down there with nothing . - You cannot let them stay , Colonel . - I have made my decision . Is it ready ? Yeah , but there 's still some issues as to whether it can hold up through atmospheric entry . Questions that are about to be answered . Eli just radioed . Colonel Young is on his way down here . - Why ? - VOLKER : How ? We 're entering upper atmosphere . ON radio : So far , so good . Come on , hold it together . Yeah , right there ! Destiny , this is Young . I made it through . Has anyone changed their minds about returning to the ship ? No . All right . Here 's the deal . I am leaving the damaged shuttle behind for those who want to stay . You can use it for shelter and power , fly around in short hops on the surface . You will not be able to leave the atmosphere , so don 't even try . What it will do is give you guys a fighting chance while you are down here , especially with winter on the way . - Thank you , Colonel . I know this isn 't ... - I 'm not finished . I will leave it for you only under one condition . All military personnel will return with me to Destiny . - What ? - What ? Reject my proposal , and we 'll take you all back by force . You can 't do that . That 's not something you want to test , Doctor . SCOTT : Sir , some of these people just don 't feel safe on board . None of us feels safe . That doesn 't mean we give up . They 're not giving up . That ship is the best chance we have of getting home . CAlNE : I disagree , sir . I believe we were brought here for a reason , and that whoever created this planet will provide for us . They are our best chance of getting back home . Okay . What 's it going to be ? - GREER : Colonel . - Sergeant . You want to stay here out of obligation to these people , to protect them ? I can respect that . But there are people back on the ship who don 't have a choice , and you have an obligation to them as well , Lieutenant . T.J. , they need you . Welcome home . ( PEOPLE chattering ) Well , as predicted , we 've corrected our course and jumped back into FTL . I 'm sorry you didn 't get your wish . And what wish was that ? Aliens advanced enough that they could build a star system . Finally somebody you could have a decent conversation with . I enjoy chess . - Colonel , do you have a moment ? - Can it wait ? I wanted to better explain my reasons for choosing to stay behind . Look , I realize you 're probably not hungry , Lieutenant , but I am . I hear they 're serving up a feast in the mess , so why don 't we talk about it later ? - Sir ... - Later . What if we were meant to stay there ? All of us ? What if that planet was a lifeline , and we just let it go ? I can 't pretend to answer that , Matthew . No one can . ( ALL chattering ) ( ALL MY DA YS playing ) ( singing ) Even breathing feels all right Yes , even breathing feels all right Now even breathing feels all right Yes , even breathing Feels all right english - US - SDH
