 RUSH : This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . YOUNG : We are going to survive . We are going to make it home . I 'm telling you , this ship came here for a reason ! RUSH : Destiny is powered by the stars themselves . WRAY : He and Young are bumping heads , yes . Not sure which camp is the better choice . YOUNG : We just pretend nothing happened ? We need to be ready for the next encounter . For the sake of the crew . For the sake of the crew . JOHANSEN : Well , the convulsions ha ve stopped , but he 's completely unresponsive . He 's basically in a deep catatonic state . ( OVER radio ) This is Scott , sir . We are in a bit of a pickle down here . ELl : We ha ven ' t found any other sort of exit or access to ground level . We 've got less than half an hour . We 're not going to make it . SCOTT : They just jumped . God be with you , Colonel . All of you . ( RAZOR buzzing ) JOHANSEN : ( ON radio ) Colonel Young ? Colonel Young ? - Y eah . - We 're all here , sir . I 'm on my way . Dr. Rush has just confirmed that our current FTL jump will take us between galaxies . Which means it could take some time before we are able to make another gate connection to replenish our supplies . Strict food and water rationing will be reinstated as of now . It also means that any hope of rescuing Chloe Armstrong , Eli Wallace , or Lieutenant Matthew Scott is ... RUSH : ( ON radio ) Colonel Young , would you please join me in the Control Interface Room ? I 'll be right there . That is all . I 've figured out why the ship 's been trying to conserve power . We 're going to fall short . - Short of what ? - Our destination , the other galaxy . No matter how I do the sums , or to what degree I try and conserve power , Destinywon 't make it across the void . But we just passed through a star . We should be recharged . Yes , we did , but like everything else on this ship , Destiny 's FTL drive and power reserves are nowhere near 100 % . The database says the ship barely made the last three or four intergalactic jumps . Recent battle damage couldn 't have helped . But if the ship realizes that it can 't make it , why is it trying ? ( sighs ) It 's programmed to follow a predetermined path . Since we haven 't managed to take control of the ship , our presence is secondary to that . Destinywill eventually drift the rest of the way , but our bones will be dust by then . So what do we do ? Well , I 'm open to suggestions . How much will we fall short ? 50,000 light years , give or take . - Just a few percent of the total . - Yeah . So what if we can increase the FTL drive 's efficiency ? Work better with the same amount of power . Yeah , five percent ought to do it , actually . We don 't know how the engines work at all . - We could just make things worse . - Mr . Brody 's right . So am I the only one here who thinks we shouldn 't be screwing around with Ancient drive technology , unless we have a clue about what we 're doing ? Then we 'll bring aboard someone else that does . I can think of two or three people off the top of my head . - Who 's the best ? - Amanda Perry . She was part of the team helping to design the next generation of hyperdrives . - There 's really no one better qualified . - Well , let 's make that happen . Let 's make arrangements to get her on board . Colonel , for all her abilities , there are certain disabilities of which you should be made aware . For how long ? RUSH : Potentially several weeks . Of course , there 'll be someone there to assist with the day-to-day things . She requires a respirator in order to breathe . Obviously , there 's going to be some kind of adjustment . JAMES : Will I be able to see my family ? - They 've got clearance . - Then I 'll do it , sir . ( GASPS ) Lieutenant ? You all right ? Mandy . - Nick . - Yeah . God , I 'm really here , aren 't I ? You sure are . It takes a moment to get used to the transfer . You 're telling me . ( GASPS ) I 'm sorry , sir . I couldn 't do it . - Lieutenant ... - Just leave her . Leave her . So , Lieutenant James had trouble getting used to the ventilator . I 'll be fine . Fix the ship . Ms. Wray ? - Yes . - Good . Take all the time you need to adjust . This is Mary . She 'll be your helper while you 're here . Hello . She 'll also brief you on how to cope with your host 's disabilities . Afterwards , Dr. Strom was hoping to see you . WRAY : No . I 'm going home . JOHANSEN : Hey . I couldn 't do it . Yeah , I know . I heard . It 's okay . No , it isn 't . I let him down . The Colonel ? Hey , listen , he 's the last person you ... This is the Mess Hall , here . Set this up a few months ago . People come . Terrible food here . PERRY : I recognize you . Excuse me . As I was saying , this is the Mess Hall , one of the places you probably want to try and avoid , really . What are those ? They 're a kind of fruit we collected from a planet we visited recently . May I try one ? I 'll warn you , most people find these rather bitter . Most people spit them right back out . This is the first food I 've been able to feed myself since I was nine . ( ON radio ) T.J. , this is Young . Have you seen Rush ? He turned his damn radio off . I think I 've gotten you in trouble . ( GRUNTS DlSMlSSlVELY ) They 're on their way now , sir . - I took my vacation time . - All of it ? Yeah . We have a lot of lost time to make up for . You got rid of the ugly chair . ( CHUCKLES ) Yeah . You can do better than that . Five or six percent would do it . That 's the thought . The problem is how to do that without any access to the ship 's core systems . Or for that matter , any knowledge of how they work in the first place . I 'm just saying . Show her everything you 've got . ( PEOPLE GRUNTlNG ) Nicholas ? It 's me again . We came out of FTL . Something 's happened to the ship . JOHANSEN : Okay , listen up , I promise to get to everyone . You got it ? Thank you . Right now , I need anyone who has a potential head injury or internal trauma to move to the front of the line . Don 't be shy . GREER : T.J. ! - Hey . - Put us to work . Anyone who 's shaky , don 't take any chances . The quiet ones could be in the worst shape . What about you ? I 'm fine . Go . ( ALARM sounding ) Are we under attack or not ? No . It was a malfunction . VOLKER : He 's right , there 's no sign of any hostile ships in range . Not that I can tell , anyway . What the hell just happened , then ? I think there was an explosion in the FTL drive . - We 're adrift . - Why ? - VOLKER : An overload ? - lt could be anything . Can we access the engineering spaces ? BRODY : Not without a space suit . Most of the ship 's unpressurized . Best to check the damage from outside the ship . I can fly a Kino pretty well . YOUNG : Get to it . You two monitor from here . I 'll use the stones to report this . Mandy , are you sure you 're all right ? For a second there , I was back on Earth in a strange house , back in my own body again . The link is temporarily severed when we go in and out of FTL . I 'm sorry , but we weren 't expecting that to happen . I 'm fine . What do you remember ? I was walking , then I was somewhere else , and I don 't know how I got there . Then the explosion happened . So the lapse happened before ? Well , sometimes concussions can cause short-term memory loss and confusion . We 'll just keep you here tonight , make sure it 's nothing more serious . T.J. ! He was on the floor . I couldn 't tell if he was hurt or not . JOHANSEN : Okay , put him over here , guys . Franklin ? ( ON radio ) This is Volker . Are you getting pictures ? Yeah , we see it . SHARON : So , is there anything I need to worry about ? I 've been with Amanda a long time . We 'll need to monitor her blood pressure and there 's a few other things I need to show you that just come with the territory , and she 'll be fine . I 'm sorry , it 's just , I 'm new to all this . You 'll be fine , too . ( ALARM sounding ) - What 's happening ? - lncoming wormhole . ( ON radio ) This is Rush . We have an incoming wormhole . Sergeant Greer , please meet me in the Gate Room with a defense team . I need everybody out of here ! That won 't be necessary , Sergeant . - Whoa , whoa ! Don 't shoot ! - GREER : Stand down ! Told you . - ( LAUGHS ) Oh , my brother . - Greer ! I didn 't expect to see you again either , huh ? What do you mean , you weren 't expecting to see us ? Didn 't you guys figure out a way for us to dial in ? - I joined a book club . - Mmm . Yeah , it 's supposed to be all women , but there are a few enlightened young men who stop by , claim to have an interest in 19th century chick-lit . ( CHUCKLES ) ( COUGHS ) Can we concentrate on eating right now ? - SHARON : Sorry . - Sorry . You know what , why don 't I do that ? Yeah , we 'll be fine . - One at a time . - Got it . This isn 't freaking you out , is it ? You 're here . That 's all that matters . Here . Well , we were pretty much resigned to the fact that we were stuck out there . ( CHUCKLES ) Talk about feeling like a third wheel . And then on the second night , the Kino remote just lit up . I guess I just thought you guys must 've figured something out . We dialed back and here we are . Yeah , I didn 't think it was possible to miss this bucket . Do you people realize you just scared the crap out of us ? - SCOTT : Sorry , sir . - You 're forgiven . - So , are they going to live ? - JOHANSEN : Looks like it . That planet couldn 't have been all that bad . YOUNG : That 's good . Because if we don 't get the FTL drive fixed , that 's where we 'll all be going . - Really ? - YOUNG : Really , Eli . I 'm sorry , but I 'm going to have to put you right back to work . ( EXHALES heavily ) Welcome back . JOHANSEN : How 's he doing ? Same , but something changed since we got stuck . Doesn 't he look different to you ? - Maybe . - It 's like he 's in there , and he knows exactly what 's going on , but his brain and his body just aren 't connected anymore . I don 't know . I talked to Rush , and he says I 'm probably just imagining it . Maybe I am . I mean , I haven 't slept in ... I don 't even know . - Why ? - I keep having the same bad dream . I am stuck in a dark room , but I 'm not me , and I can 't get out . Are you claustrophobic ? Little bit . Maybe it 's some weird phantom memory from your switch with Dr. Perry . ( knocking ON DOOR ) Hey , Math Boy . Got those calculations I was asking about ? Done . Please don 't call me that . I know what that 's like . Nick called me " Little Miss Brilliant " a couple of times , and it stuck . Nick ? - Nicholas . - Rush ? We were colleagues back at SGC a couple of years before Icarus . He used to like to bounce ideas off of me when he was working on that Ancient proof that you ended up solving . Congratulations , by the way . ( WHOOPS SARCASTlCALLY ) - Look where it got me . - I would do anything to be here . Anyway , after Nick 's wife passed away , we used to have these long talks about his work and my work , the Ancients , Ascension . It was like he didn 't even see the chair . I tried calling him " Mr. Brilliant " a few times , but I don 't think he ever got the hint . You had a thing ? For him ? What 's wrong with that ? ( CHUCKLES ) I just find it kind of surprising . Why , because a disabled person can 't have feelings for someone ? I meant because you were talking about him . ( CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ) Yeah . Thanks for this . Sure . Rush ? You 've got something ? RUSH : Well , Dr. Perry 's concluded that the explosion may be to our advantage . How ? There was an overload . One that probably shouldn 't have happened because the system is unbelievably robust , with more safeguards than I can count , but it happened , and as with most overloads , it happened in the weakest link . ELl : The FTL drive is made up of 16 separate modules . The one that blew up was the weakest link because it was the least efficient . So the ship can fly on the other drives ? RUSH : Even better than that . Without the worn-out drive bringing down overall efficiency , Destiny should be able to make it across the void . That 's great work . I wouldn 't pat anyone on the back just yet . We still need to isolate and bypass the damage . With no access to the core systems , it has to be done manually . - Or ... - Or what ? The robot we found . We think it might be able to do some , or maybe all , of the repairs . I 've already programmed rudimentary instructions to begin the repairs . Scott , this is Young . Eli and Dr. Perry have a shuttle mission to brief you on . Copy that , sir . On my way . What are the odds ? That this is going to work ? Fair to middling . Time 's an issue . There is another option . Right , the chair . Well , if we can gain access to the core systems , we can bypass that damaged section in a single command . Tell you what , if it comes right down to it , I 'll sit in the thing myself . SCOTT : Getting into position now . Opening rear hatch . Okay , we 're good . Here we go . ( knocking ON DOOR ) Come in . - Oh , hi . - Hi . I 'd like permission to join the team going through the stargate to the planet . Scott 's going . He 's a little busy flying the shuttle right now . He 's already on his way back . So , is this how it 's going to be ? Maybe I 'd like to see the planet where I might have to raise our child . You mean if the ship isn 't fixed by then ? Yeah . Maternal instincts , I guess . Okay . Permission granted . Thanks . - T.J ... - I 'll be careful . Lieutenant Scott found fresh water due east of the stargate . That 'll be your first stop . We should check out as much land as possible in case we end up having to live there . Send it . You know , we just came from there . - This is a waste of time . - It 's standard procedure , Eli . If you ask me , sometimes you military people are a little too ... Holy crap ! - Did you see that ? - YOUNG : I saw . Shut it down . Looks like they found your camp . - Can they get through the stargate ? - Not without a remote . Lucky we weren 't still there , or else they 'd have one . Either way , we 're cut off . We have to fix the ship . ( ONL Y lF YOU RUNPLAYlNG ) I 've had my frustrations about the pains of daily life I 've tasted degradation and found the lace and candlelight But we ha ve the weights , we ha ve the measures of our days and nights I 've had my frustrations but now I 've found my place And you will make it But only if you run Only if you run You will make it Only if you run These lonely dedications I 've found they bring me peace and light When three-fold applications of doubt surround my fate You might say we ha ve the weights We ha ve to wage an assault on what it is 'Cause harmless medications abound and you ' re not sick You will make it But only if you run Only if you run Only if you run You know , I could just go to the corner store . We need a decent grocery shopping . We 're almost out of everything . Okay . I shouldn 't be long . I 'll be right back . I could 've gone . I want her to get out of the house . Even if it 's just for an hour . Well , that 's it . You 've done it . That isolates the drive . Well , that was the easy part . We 'll start on the bypass in the morning , eh ? You guys don 't do much for fun around here , do you ? - Well , there is Mr. Brody 's still . - You have a still ? Come and see . So I 'm in a room , but I 'm not me . What do you see ? Nothing . Blackness , but I know that I am not alone . What if it isn 't a dream ? RUSH : Thank you , Mr. Brody . BRODY : Cheers . - Thanks . - Now , be careful . This stuff has only one redeeming quality . ( PERRY SPLUTTERS ) ( COUGHS ) Wow . We make do with what we have , right ? - Yeah . - Oh ... Speaking of , how are you managing without your coffee ? ( CHUCKLES ) Well , I must admit , that 's been one of the most difficult things about being stuck up here . Well , the hardships . I think " insanity " is the proper word . There and back again . I 've even had dreams about the stuff . Well , for years after my accident , I had dreams that I could walk . - Yeah . No , I remember you telling me that . - Mmm . And then I get to do this , and it 's all happening . - God , it 's like a dream come true . - Yeah . - But we have to fix your ship . - We do . And then I 'll have to wake up . JAM ES : Sir ? Yeah ? I think ... I think I was the one who damaged the ship . PERRY : I 'm starting to notice that redeeming quality you were talking about . RUSH : You 'll have to ask yourself if it was worth it in the morning . ( BOTH CHUCKLlNG ) - Can I ask you something ? - Sure . After your wife passed away , and we 'd have those long talks , did you have any clue how I felt about you ? I thought you felt sorry for me . ( CHUCKLES ) I guess I thought the same about you at first . I thought you were absolutely brilliant . Remember , I used to call you - " Little Miss Brilliant ... " - Yeah . We could just forget about that . I could never be sorry about that . Yeah . Good night . - Nick ? - Yeah ? Would you like to come in ? Yeah . Look , I 'm sorry , darling . I 'm sorry . I can 't do this . - Why ? - I just ... I can 't do this . Nick , it 's me . I think we both know it 's a bit more complicated than that . - The word is " insane . " - Yeah . But this is also a once-in-a-lifetime chance for me . Mandy , you know , probably better than anyone , how I was when Gloria passed away . I recently experienced something that made me go through it all again . More than a dream . As real as this is to you now . And I can tell myself that it 's been years all I like , but in my heart , it 's just happened again . ( PERRY sighs ) Well , at least this time I can do this . ( knocking ON DOOR ) Oh , sorry , I ... What is it ? The Colonel needs to see you in the interface Room right away . - Both of you . - ls everything all right ? No . It 's about to hit the fan again . Come on . Let 's go . ( DOOR unlocking ) - You were gone for hours ! - I know . I 'm sorry . I locked my keys in the car . I thought you had gotten into an accident . I imagined you being taken away by an ambulance ! No . No , no , no , no . Oh , God , Camile , I 'm sorry . - My imagination just went ... - Hey , hey , hey . I know what it 's like to wait for someone you love to come home . I 'm here now . - I know . I know . - Okay . ( GASPlNG ) ( STAMMERlNG ) Mary ? Mary ! Mary ! Mary ! I don 't know what 's happening . Okay , okay . I 'm just going to elevate her legs above her heart to stabilize her . ( MOANS ) You 're doing fine , just try and stay calm . We were just talking , and then she ... I don 't know . - What 's going on ? - She 's going to be okay . Lieutenant James left the comm room without wiping her imprint off of the stone . It got knocked off the table , and nobody noticed . We think that in that opportunity , an alien might have taken advantage , used the stones , and sabotaged our FTL drive . JOHANSEN : She told me she blacked out around the time of the explosion . I thought it was post-concussion syndrome . RUSH : Well , mystery solved . I don 't see how it changes anything . What part don 't you get ? They know we 're out here . Yeah , they already did . Without a tracking device , there 's no way of them knowing where we 've dropped out of FTL . Yeah , he 's right . The void is unimaginably huge . They can 't know our location . Unless the alien who took over James ' body managed to broadcast it . Like a subspace message , you mean . Or the alien figured out our position before the explosion and took it back with them . - How would it know how ... - They sabotaged the ship . How did they know how to do that ? RUSH : He 's right . That 's it , then . They 're coming . I 'm so sorry . Don 't be silly . I brought this on myself . ( knocking ON DOOR ) - PETERSON : Forgive the intrusion . - Come on in . Colonel Young just used the stones to report . There 's a strong possibility that Dr. Perry may have to return to her body in the next several hours . We think it 's best if she returns to an Air Force facility . We 'll say our goodbyes . I 'll wait outside . Let 's go . This is Young . ( ON COMM ) While repairs to the ship are still days from being complete , despite our best efforts , we believe an attack will happen at any moment . Shields will not withstand a sustained bombardment , and this time , we will not be able to jump to FTL . Neither can we escape through the stargate . Lieutenant Scott will be in charge of our ship ' s defenses . Follow his orders as you would mine . If boarded , Sergeant Greer will coordinate the strike teams , but everyone will ha ve to join in our defense . We 'll give them a good fight . When the time comes , don 't wait too long . It 'll be okay . I want you there to talk me through it . This is all my fault . I panicked . The chair ... ELl : ( ON radio ) They 're here , sir . Tell me what to do . We 've managed to isolate the damaged module from the rest . You have to command the ship to enter FTL on the remaining drives . How the hell do I do that ? Well , first you have to sit in the chair . Wait ! Dr. Franklin just spoke . Something about the chair . What about it ? That 's it . That 's all he said . But I think he knows what 's going on , and I think he was trying to say that it should be him . You can 't possibly know that . Well , no , sir , but I really think that ... ( explosion ) We 're under attack . I 'm going to do this . No , wait a minute . She might be right . I can 't ask a man to sacrifice his life , Rush . RUSH : Franklin 's already been through the process . His brain will have had time to heal ... - We don 't have time for this ! - Which is exactly why it should be him and not you . At least give him the choice . ( EXPLOSlONS continue ) Dr. Franklin . Dr. Franklin , this ship is under attack . If someone doesn 't go back and sit in the chair and help with repairs , then the ship 's going to be taken . We 're all going to be taken . ( explosion ) Do you understand what we are asking you to do ? Concentrate your fire on the smallest ships . They 're going to try and board us . ( EXPLOSlONS continue ) - Go back to your team . - Yes , sir . - The temperature 's dropping fast . - Any idea why ? I don 't know . This is something new . Go . ( ALARM beeping ) Something 's happening . - Sergeant , keep an eye on that door . - Yes , sir . Damn it ! Greer ? We 're about to be boarded right on top of your position . Copy that . - Colonel ? I thought you were ... - The FTL drive is powering up . ( sighs in relief ) Does this mean you fixed the ship ? Camile ? No , it 's me again . Don 't you hate that ? What 's our status ? The damaged section of the ship has been bypassed . The FTL drive has increased efficiency . It 's a bit early to say , but it looks like we 're going to make it across . We did it . Yes , we did , and now it 's time to go . It 's not a very nice thing to say , but I do hope you need my help again . Well , I 'm not above arranging that , you know . Bye , Mandy . Bye , Nick . Nicholas ? Welcome back , Camile . YOUNG : Anything happen ? You 'd know better than I would , sir . I was watching a closed door . - Did it stay closed ? - Yes , sir . english - US - SDH
