 RUSH : This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . YOUNG : We are going to survive . We are going to make it home . I 'm telling you , the ship came here for a reason ! RUSH : Destiny is powered by the stars themselves . WRAY : He and Young are bumping heads , yes . Not sure which camp is the better choice . YOUNG : We just pretend nothing happened ? We need to be ready for the next encounter . For the sake of the crew . For the sake of the crew . YOUNG ON radio : What do we got , Colonel , Lucian Alliance ? CARTER : That would be my guess . They ha ven ' t introduced themselves . Any word on how they gained intel on our base ? No . What about casualties ? CARTER : Twelve . Eighty-plus mia . I 'm pregnant . It 's yours . Ours . Look , I know that we 've had our differences in the past . - Yeah . - lt was my duty to express concern for how everyone else felt about you . I 've never even met your wife . Telford , you connected with him . This is a residual memory of his that somehow transferred to my subconscious ? I would think you 'd be doing everything possible to get these people home , to get yourself home , back to your wife . And I know you 're still sleeping with her . Everett ! ( breathing heavily ) ( knocking ON DOOR ) - You 're up late . - Yeah . I just had a very interesting dream . Everyone thinks their dreams are interesting . Nobody else cares . Yeah , well , you 're going to care about this one . I 'm outside a warehouse , on Earth . And there 's birds . At least I can hear them . Seagulls , I think . I 'm at some kind ofmeeting . There 's four or five people there . - Who ? - I don 't know . I don 't know , but I 'm giving them information . Reports , files . I 'm talking about Icarus . In detail . Well , who were they ? I don 't know , I ... They had a Goa ' uld cargo ship . - The Lucian Alliance on Earth ? - I can only guess . You dreamt you were the spy who leaked everything about Icarus to the Lucian Alliance ? No , no , no , not me . It wasn 't me . Rush , what the hell are you talking about ? On the way back to the car , I see my reflection . It 's Colonel Telford . I was Colonel Telford . YOUNG : Rush switched with him two days ago . The only reason I am telling you is because you are the only person who 's ever experienced this kind of bleed-through memory after using the stones . It was just that once , sir . Certainly nothing like that . Thanks , Lieutenant . All right . Look , sir , I understand that you have your issues with Colonel Telford , - but you cannot seriously ... - Sit down , Lieutenant . Before he was assigned to lcarus , Telford spent the better part of a year undercover , infiltrating the Alliance . ( SCOFFlNG ) You really think he would turn ? Eight months into his assignment , there was an attack on a planet that we had a large team working on , P2S 569 . Thirty-seven people were killed . Now , we later found out that Telford knew about the attack and decided to do nothing . In order to protect his cover . That 's what he said . Stargate Command let him off the hook , and everything was swept under the carpet . - But now ... - Sir , there 's got to be more to it than that . We know that the Goa 'uld had brainwashing technology , could make a man turn against his mother and be proud of it . It is possible that the Alliance now has that capability . Well , if they do , sir , then we can 't trust anyone . ELl : Colonel , hey . We were just going over some of the data we found ... Take a break , Eli . - Secrets , you two ... - Now , please , go . Okay . So I talked to Scott . He doesn 't remember anything like your dream . Well , we have to do something . Agreed . Telford 's still on active rotation with the stones , yeah ? Mmm-hmm . He 's due to make a connection in a couple of days with Dr. Morrison . What if I take Morrison 's place ? And do what ? Try to make contact with the Alliance . It 's risky . It 's a pretty good disguise , actually being inside someone else 's body . - I 'll go . - No , that would be a mistake . - Why 's that ? - Because I had the dream . Look , there 's still elements I 'm trying to piece together . For example , there 's a number , 3-1-4 . Now , I know that 's significant , but I don 't know why . If I 'm there , in Telford 's environment , then ... You 're not trained for this . Well , who is ? I 'll just have to do my best . If Stargate Command is this badly compromised , I can 't tell anyone what you 're up to , do you understand that ? - Yup . - Once you are on Earth , - you are on your own . - I understand . - No back-up ... - I get it , I get it . But someone has to stop this guy . He can 't be allowed to continue . The Alliance probably already know more about this ship than we do . - Which isn 't much . - Well , I wouldn 't underestimate them . I 'm not . WRAY : Colonel , I need a minute . That 's about all I got right now . Did you bump Dr. Morrison from his spot on the communication stones ? - Yes . - Without consulting me ? - Yes . - Any particular reason ? Yes . - You care to enlighten me ? - No . With everything that we have been through , you really want to do this ? Look , Camile , I 've got good reason not to tell you , or I would . You 're going to have to trust me . GRAHAM : Dr. Morrison ? Yes . Welcome back . I 'm Staff Sergeant Graham . I 'll be your escort . Right . ( SlGHlNG ) I want to talk to Colonel Young , now . He is busy at the moment , sir , but he said he 'd come and see you shortly . Why was I connected with Dr. Rush ? That wasn 't part of the schedule . Yes , sorry about that , sir . It was unavoidable . Why ? Dr. Rush had to consult with some people back on Earth regarding some technical problems . You 're a terrible liar , Lieutenant . I 'd like some fatigues . No problem . This way , sir . I need to speak to General O 'Neill immediately . - And you are ? - Colonel Everett Young , authentication 1 - 6-1 - 9-4-1 - 4 . Tell him it 's urgent . Everett , I 'll have you know I 'm missing a national security briefing for this . Sorry about that , sir . Well , if you 'd ever been to a national security briefing , you wouldn 't say that . - What 's up ? - It 's Dr. Rush , sir . He 's on Earth right now in the body of Colonel Telford . Probably hasn 't even left the building . - So ? - We need to put a tail on him . Well , he 's got an escort . He 'll ditch the escort first chance he gets . I think we should let him do it , then follow him discreetly . - Why ? - He 's about to try and make contact with the Lucian Alliance . Oh , Chloe ... - Oh , my God . - MAN : What is it ? ( ALL exclaiming ) Chloe , I didn 't know you could sew . Oh , no , I can 't . Not really . I hope it doesn 't fall apart . No , it 's beautiful . - Thank you . - CHLOE : You 're welcome . Here , open this one . Hey , can we talk to you for a second ? Oh , my gosh . You made this yourself ? If it 's a girl , I can make something else . - No , it 's perfect . Thank you . - You 're welcome . - What 's going on ? - We 're hoping you could tell us . About Rush . Going back to Earth on the stones unscheduled . Well , I 'm sure there 's a good reason . Right , yeah , that 's what we 're afraid of . They didn 't say anything to you ? Young came in to talk to him the other day ... They did kick me out . Yeah , we heard Young went , too . - He did ? - After Rush . He 's there right now . Something 's definitely going on here . TELFORD : Congratulations , T.J. Camile , if I could have a moment of your time , please ? Mmm-hmm . TELFORD : Were you aware of the change ... Yeah , we could check those control interface room probably has something ... Yeah , I could meet you guys at the ... - That 'd be great . - Sure . JOHANSEN : And the wrapping paper . Where 'd you get this ? If I 'm not mistaken , sir , I believe you 've witnessed the effects of this brainwashing technology first hand . Yeah . Yeah , that 's true . I recommend we keep the number of people we bring in on this to a minimum . Well , thank you , Colonel , for stating the obvious . Truth is , you took a bit of a chance by telling me , didn 't you ? Well , I had to , sir . Rush was asking for a free pass , an unscheduled , unauthorized visit to Earth , exactly the sort of thing he might do if he was the mole himself . Well , if he 's the mole , why would he be trying to frame Telford at this point ? I can 't answer that , sir . And if he 's telling the truth ? Hopefully , he 'll still be able to lead us to the Alliance . And not lose his life . Yes , sir . RUSH : I 've quite a few personal things to attend to . - I 'll be a few minutes . - Not to worry , sir . I came prepared . TELFORD : So , do you know what they 're going to do to Rush ? WRAY : They didn 't let me know until after the fact . They 're trying to keep me out of the loop . It 's not ... Where the hell have you been ? It 's nice to see you , too . Come with me . We have some things to discuss . Do we ? Privately . We haven 't seen you in a while , Colonel . I hope everything is well . - I 've been on assignment . - Of course . I 'll give you some privacy . ( CELL PHONE beeping ) MAN : Yes ? Yeah , this is Telford . I have some new information . We have to meet . MAN : Stand by for instructions . Get in . You 're allowing alcohol onboard now ? I doubt I could stop it if I wanted to . So I can report your command of this ship is solid as ever , then ? I am doing my best to make it work . Why did I connect with Rush ? Oh , we 'll get to that . I think we need to clear the air a little bit . Have another . I 'm on duty . You 're on duty . Yes , and we 're both a billion light years away from the nearest disciplinary hearing . So , what , you 're afraid of what you might say ? I don 't have anything to hide , from you or anyone else . Is that so ? I could 've brought you up on charges for assaulting a fellow officer . You should just thank me and let it go . Well , I think we both know that you don 't want the details of that little incident getting out any more than I do . You cheated on your wife , and she moved on . End of story . You took advantage to get back at me on a personal level . You were sleeping with an officer under your command ! I mean , look at you , Everett . You 're a disgrace . But I 'm here , right ? And that 's what 's killing you , isn 't it ? Because this was supposed to be your prize . Your reward for all that hard work . An entire year living with those criminals , thieves , murderers , pretending to be one of them , I mean , that 's got to take its toll . I 'm not doing this again . The man I used to know would not let 37 people die to cover his own ass . So , what changed ? What happened to you , David ? Thanks for the drink . Scott ... What are we doing ? We 're waiting , what else ? O 'NElLL : Daniel , come in . Do you read ? Jack , what is it ? Carter says they 're using some kind of jamming device . We can 't get a lock on anyone in the area . What 's your status ? They 've stopped . Looks like we 're waiting on someone . Well , ground assault is standing by . They 'll move when you call it . Hang on . Who are you ? I 'm sorry , I don 't know what you mean . All right , who am I ? Whoever you are , you must be using the Ancient communication stones . I don 't know what you 're talking about . You failed to use the proper code when you called in . Colonel Telford would never make such a mistake . ( EXCLAlMlNG ) ( BEEPlNG ) His cover 's blown . Move in . Move in now . They have a ship . ( engine starting ) BLACK OPS LEADER : Go ! Go ! Yeah . We 're too late . ( SlGHlNG ) CHLOE : You okay ? ( SNlFFLlNG ) Yeah , I 'm fine . What chance does this baby have of ever living a normal life ? What 's normal anyway ? I don 't know , but I don 't think it 's this . ( JOHANSEN SlGHlNG ) Look , I know right now it seems impossible that we will ever make it back . But I also know that since we 've been here , it seems like we 're averaging about five impossible things a week , right ? So why assume the worst ? Look , at the very least , there are a lot of people here who are going to care about that baby . That 's something . Yeah . We are all going to help you . Thanks , Chloe . Come here . According to our intelligence , her name is Kiva . She 's the daughter of a Lucian Alliance warlord named Massin , one of the higher-ups . Powerful and brutal . That intel come from Telford ? Yeah , well , at least we know who the mole is , eh ? There 's an easy way to end this . We cut the connection on the stones . They get Telford back , we 're no closer to figuring out what they 're up to . Dr. Rush 's life is in danger . He volunteered . He knew the risks . That cargo ship slipped past all of our sensors . We have no idea where it 's going . Telford might , and he may know more . I 'm just asking for the chance to get it out of him . He still has rights , doesn 't he ? He didn 't say how he was going to do it . With all due respect , sir , you and I both know the people who made the rules were not prepared for anything like this . ( SHACKLES CLANKlNG ) KlVA : I 'm sorry . I know that really hurts . RUSH : Well , I suppose it was worth it . I had to make it look good . Of course , I didn 't give them the code on purpose . I 'm not a complete idiot . KlVA : On purpose ? What are you talking about ? They were getting suspicious . Yes , I was beginning to have concerns about that myself . Well , that 's why I had to come in . I wasn 't sure whether I was being followed . I figured if they thought I was being taken by force , it might help us salvage something from this operation . Nice try . You almost managed to make that sound convincing . Well , it sounds convincing because it 's true . If you really are Colonel Telford , you 'll know my name . It 's Kiva . Good . Next question . What 's yours ? ( SCOFFS ) A spy ? A Lucian Alliance spy ? ( laughing HUMORLESSLY ) You are so desperate to get back at me that you would say or do anything , wouldn 't you ? We have proof . Oh , come on , Everett , this is all about me and Emily . Well , how do you think I found out about that ? You switched bodies with Scott , do you remember that ? Yeah . He 's the one who told me . He saw it , in his mind , a vision . Call it residual memory , whatever you want . It seems that every time you use the stones , you leave a little something behind . Maybe ... Maybe that 's guilt . Maybe , deep down inside , you want the truth to come out . You 're insane . You 've already confessed . You just won 't admit it . We 'll let him sweat a while . GREER : Give me a shot , sir . Won 't take long . Appreciate the enthusiasm , Sergeant . Not yet . ( screaming ) I 'd really prefer not to have to do this . I wish I had time to convince you that I 'm not what you think I am . Oh , yeah , and what 's that ? I 'm a reasonable person just trying to do what 's right for my people . You make a terrible first impression . We have brainwashing technologies . I could try those , but I 'm not sure what they 'd do to you under the circumstances , with your consciousness in somebody else 's body . Unfortunately , I 've learned one thing about torture over the years . It 's effective . ( screaming ) Barbaric , I know , and I hate lowering myself to this level , but I need to know who you are , and beyond that , whether or not you 're any use to me . ( screaming ) Has he been given any food or water ? YOUNG : Open it . Sir , maybe I should go in there with you ... No , no , that will not be necessary , Lieutenant . This is on me , only me . Open it . You can 't keep me in here forever . No one 's pulling the plug on the stones , so ... Why don 't you just admit what you did , and we can move on ? I want to talk to Scott . I have a right to face my accuser . Oh , this didn 't come from Scott . You switched with Rush , remember ? Rush ? This is coming from Rush ? At first , I didn 't believe him , either . I figured I 'd give him enough rope to hang himself , but guess what ? That didn 't happen . - What 's that ? - Airman Dunning brought it along with his personal effects . Do you recognize them ? They were all stationed on lcarus . The fire suppression team . They got trapped during the attack when a corridor collapsed . They all burned alive , every last one of them . No , no , no , no . No , no . You take a good look . Take a look . I want you to look at their faces , because you killed them . You killed them as if you 'd doused them with gasoline and lit the match yourself , and they weren 't the only ones . So we know that you are a traitor and a murderer . Now we know you 're a coward , too . ( TELFORD yelling ) ( DOOR opening ) SCOTT : All right , that 's enough ! Stand down , Sergeant ! I said stand down ! YOUNG : Get out , both of you ! SCOTT : Sir ... ( shouting ) Get out ! ( SlGHlNG ) Okay . So , where were we ? ( screaming ) This will eventually kill you . You 'll be killing Telford , too . That might just work out for the best given that he 's been compromised . I have a full rundown of the personnel aboard Destiny and I doubt very much that civilians or the scientists would have endured this , so the question is whether or not Colonel Young would have put himself in this situation , or sent his first lieutenant , Scott ? How do you know I 'm someone aboard Destiny ? That 's a fair question . You can make this stop . If I answer your question , you 're going to kill me . Either way I 'm dead . KlVA : I won 't . You have my word . You have nothing to lose . Rush ! I 'm Dr. Nicholas Rush . I want this connection cut . I want to go back to my own body . No , you don 't . You 're damaged goods . You go back now , your friends at the Alliance aren 't going to be too happy with you . I don 't have any friends in the Alliance . Not anymore you don 't . Your only hope is with us . You come clean now , I will do my best to help you . I am not a spy , Everett ! How many times do I have to tell you ? Recognize it ? Should I ? It 's your work . To do with dialing the ninth chevron that leads to Destiny . These readings ... Similar naquadria deposits . We had some issues adapting the equations , but there should be enough power to get us there . You 've found another Icarus planet . Let 's talk about the outpost . P2S 569 . We 've been through this . I was cleared of any wrongdoing . Because they didn 't have all the facts . I couldn 't blow my cover . I didn 't have a choice ! Remember that little combat engineer , Sanchez ? Remember her ? She used to follow you around like a puppy . She was hit in the first blast . Right arm severed at the shoulder . She 's screaming , yelling , begging me to help her . All I can do is watch her bleed to death in the dirt . It wasn 't my fault . Now , we already know you did it , but it 's possible you 're not responsible . - What are you talking about ? - Think about it . I want you to think about it . Why is it that the memory transfer happens only with you and only you and no one else when they use the stones ? They messed with your head , David . They made you think that you were one of them , and you 're not . That 's not you . Now , we can help you , we can bring you back , but I need you to take the first step . You tell us where they 're taking Rush . David ? Tell me . KlVA : We 've replicated it as best we could . Olan ! Meet Dr. Rush . Doctor . Olan is one of our lead scientists working on the project . OLAN : Your work is impressive . It was nothing , really . When I found out that you were on your way ... Yes , we 're all very excited to have Dr. Rush 's full cooperation . Maybe now we 'll actually make a connection . As you can see , we 've procured some familiar technology . It was necessary to implement your methods . I trust it will suffice ? I 'll leave you to your work . The figures for these naquadria deposits are correct , yes ? - Of course . - Because if they 're out even by a fraction ... We spent months doing a detailed orbital survey . We mapped every deposit down to the last vein . All right , then , I 'm done . Really ? It 's not that difficult when you know what you 're doing . - But ... - I 'm kidding . This is probably going to take some time . Oh . Of course . Quite possibly the rest of my life . Huh . Lieutenant , there 's a lot of talk around the ship about what 's going on in that room . This is a military matter , ma 'am . It doesn 't concern you . That 's exactly the kind of talk that forced us to try and take control of this ship once before , Sergeant . Camile ... Do you want the rumors to spread , or do you want to do something about it ? It 'll be over soon enough , that is all you need to know . See , that 's the wrong answer . Come on , Lieutenant . Something tells me that you do not want this on your conscience . Better be careful . Whatever it is , we all have to live with it . ( knocking ON DOOR ) I need to communicate with Stargate Command . - Do we let him out ... - Nobody in or out . That is an order . I want to talk to him . Colonel ! Progress ? - None yet . - You must be joking . You 're stalling . Well , if you want to blow yourselves up , you go right ahead . You along with us . This is going to take time , and I don 't just mean a few hours . But Olan said we 've been close for months now . I assumed that with your help , we 'd be able to ... Look , with all due respect to Olan here , his work is shoddy at best . I 'm sorry , you 're just going to have to trust me on this one . The whole thing 's a bloody mess . I may have to start from scratch . ( GASPlNG FOR BREATH ) You call yourself reasonable ? I am . You said he was incompetent . I was stalling . You were right . I shouldn 't have to demonstrate how important this is to me , to all of us , Dr. Rush . No more chances . VOLKER : Now what 's happening ? We 're not sure . Young 's been back and forth on the stones all day . ELl : Looks like this time he brought someone back with him . Who is it ? Welcome to the Destiny , General . ( EXHALlNG ) - Hello . - Sir . - Corporal ? - Sorry about that , sir . This way . Sir . Who 's this ? General O 'Neill . It 's really him . Okay . Let 's say it 's true . General , I 'm being held without charge . I 've been denied counsel , and one of his men attacked me . YOUNG : David , he knows . He authorized it . Well , maybe not that last part there . This is what I 've been trying to tell you . O 'NElLL : Time to come clean , son . YOUNG : We need to know where they 've taken Rush . TELFORD : You checked out that gate address I gave you ? Oh , yeah . Dead end . You didn 't think I 'd give you anything real , did you ? You should see your face . You look so surprised . Actually , I 'm disappointed . You may not believe this , but I was actually holding out hope that it might not be true , that there was some other explanation . It doesn 't matter . You can 't stop it . Stop what ? Here you go . I wouldn 't say it was good . What 's it like ? I mean , we 've heard descriptions , but what 's it like being there ? On Destiny ? You 've flown around in spaceships before . VARRO : Not an Ancient ship . Not that far out into the unknown universe . Well , it 's a rust bucket , what can I tell you ? I can 't wait to see it for myself . What if I can 't do it ? What if we just fail to make a connection ? Kiva promised she wouldn 't kill you . Her word is good . I 'll have to kill you myself . You think I was brainwashed ? I came to my senses . We freed billions of people from thousands of years of slavery all over our galaxy , and then we patted ourselves on the back and left them with little or no means for survival . What the hell did we think was going to happen ? YOUNG : This isn 't you , David . Wake up , Everett ! You think the Lucian Alliance are just a bunch of criminals ? Who made us judge and jury ? People will do what they have to do to survive . You should know that by now . We take whatever we want . We do whatever is good for us regardless of the impact on other planets ! What makes us so special ? I know what makes me special . This is not our ship . It wasn 't intended for us . Where are they taking Rush ? It was supposed to be for the benefit of all mankind . Wow . He 's more far gone than I thought , General . Yeah , I 've heard enough . Should probably take it to the next level , sir . Go ahead and do what you need to do . Communications Room , this is Young . - Please cut the General 's connection . - Yes , sir . ( clearing THROAT ) - Sir . - Dismissed , Corporal . WRAY : Okay , this has gone on long enough . - You have to cut the connection . - I can 't do that . Dr. Rush 's life is in danger . That 's more important than getting any intel on the Lucian Alliance ! I just thought maybe we 'd be better off if she knew , sir . Control Room , this is Young . This is Brody . YOUNG : Can you bring up the life support controls for this section ? BRODY : I got it . Begin venting the atmosphere in Colonel Telford 's quarters now . - What ? - SCOTT : Sir ? Say again ? Begin venting Colonel Telford 's quarters now . - What the hell are you doing ? - Camile , stay out of this . He can 't do this ! - Lieutenant ! - l ... David ! David , can you hear me ? It 's got to be a bluff . To scare him . Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa ! ELl : Look , you can 't ... ( HlSSlNG ) David , I 'm venting the atmosphere in your room ! You 've got five minutes before you die of suffocation . Your only hope is to tell me the location of the Alliance base . TELFORD : You 're bluffing ! Kill me , and you kill Rush ! I know , but right now , I 'm thinking of the greater good . So what 's it going to be ? Young ! Open this damn door ! We both know you 're not going to kill me . english - US - SDH
