 [ Wedeck ] On October 6 , the planet blacked out for two minutes and 17 seconds . The whole world saw the future . They got my daughter . She was here , but Jericho found her and took her back to Afghanistan . - You 're going to Afghanistan ? - Sure am . It 's about the Raven River Experiments . That 's what my friend wanted to talk to you about . He texted you . - What do you know about the text ? - The flash forwards , the blackout . They can 't solve it without you . We engineered thousands of flash forwards . We have to protect ourselves from the effects of another blackout . We have to anchor consciousness if another wave happens . You 're gonna be saved by the lady you see every day . [ Grunting ] I have to get pregnant now . I want that baby . I want this specific child . It was supposed to happen this weekend . If it 's baby-making you need , I will take one for the team . - That night in Somalia ... - Demetri . I 'm pregnant . I reviewed your Uncle Teddy 's autopsy X-rays . You murdered him to send a message . Message received . I should have known . Two moles , in case one is caught . And not one person in the office would suspect it 's you . [ Janis ] The Yellow Brick Road : A 6-mile killer obstacle course . Every Quantico graduate dreads it , but we all do it . I never intended to be an FBI agent . - I was a lawyer and hated my life . - [ Demetri ] Go , Janis ! Then I had this friend who joined the Bureau . - Stop being such a girl ! - Stop being such a bitch ! I never thought of myself as particularly patriotic ... - All right ! Yeah ! - ... but it sounded cool . I like the idea of being part of something , actually trying to make the world a safer place . - Nice going . - [ Panting ] You 're not gonna tell everybody I almost didn 't make it , right ? No , I 'm just gonna show ' em this picture . Oh ! Hey ! [ Chuckling ] Last one in the barbed wire is a wuss . That was a five dollar camera ! [ Janis ] I loved it . I loved every second of it . Quantico made me strong . It taught me what mattered , and it showed me I 'm capable of tackling problems I never thought possible . [ Gasping , laughing ] Of course , I 've never lived in Los Angeles , so we 'll see how I survive this . I 'm sure you 'll do just fine . - Are you married ? - Oh , no . I don 't really have time for a serious relationship . Good to know . [ Chuckling ] I 'm sorry . I 've been going on and on . What was your name again ? I 'm Lita . We 'll take two more . So what do you do ? I 'm a headhunter . I find talented people like yourself and offer them opportunities . [ Chuckling ] Well , I just started at the Bureau , and I 'm not really looking to quit . Who said anything about quitting ? I know all about your job . I 'm just talking about a little multitasking . [ Janis ] These are the blueprints and photographs that Mark found on Frost . The originals are being analyzed by forensics right now . The only other thing of potential relevance is Frost 's final bon mot : " In the end you 'll be saved by the lady you see every day . " I can 't speak on behalf of everyone , but I 'm still contemplating the unbelievable fact that we had the possible mastermind of the global blackout in our hands , and just before he 's able to divulge any real information , he 's killed by a terrorist who , just mere hours before , was in our custody . Now how the hell does that happen ? I don 't know . What I do know is Demetri Noh is alive . Yeah , and Alda 's free again , which means Demetri was right all along , that she 's been involved in this thing since the beginning , even before you guys started surveilling her . Believe me , I want her back just as much as you do . [ Janis ] In the meantime , Frost did confirm that there will be another blackout . He was coming in from the cold , and these blueprints and photographs are what he was bringing with him . That alone makes them vital to our investigation . This man was insane . How do we know that anything he 's even giving us is credible ? Because crazy as he was , he was always true to his word . But if you want to kick over more anthills ... Mark , this isn 't about what I ... Can we please dial back the testosterone ? That 's enough . Thank you . Janis is running point on photos and blueprints , high priority . Shel , Dem said Frost referenced something called Raven River as the place where the flash forwards started happening . See what you can find out about it . This tracks something I was already running down . So keep running . When Demetri gets back , he can jump in with you . Look , we 're clearly on the right track . The bad guys were obviously desperate to keep us from getting to Frost . Let 's take that as a sign we 're getting warmer and push on . OK , so run his labs . Start an IV . I 'll be there in ten minutes . Yeah . Bye . - It 's important , Olivia ! - [ Gasping ] How did you get in here ? - I know you . - My husband is FBI , OK ? There 's an agent right out front . I 'm gonna call him , - and he 's gonna take you ... - The Pixies . You were there . You were there . You wore a purple beret . The drink spilled on the lady in front . She got mad . She got so mad . I was there , too , with my handler , Barry . Barry lost his job for taking me to a Pixies concert . - They closed with Wave Of Mutilation . - The summer after med school ? I was at Scott 's wedding at the vineyard . Remember Scott 's wedding ? Your dress was turquoise . You cried . It was sad . It was so sad . - They served mini corn dogs . - I don 't know who you are . - What do you want from me ? - I 'm Gabriel McDow . I told you that . I definitely said that already . You have to remember things , Olivia . Like I said , my husband is FBI . There 's an agent out front . I 'm gonna call him , - and he 's gonna take you away . - He 's not your husband . - You know Lloyd ? Lloyd is . - What ? You made a mistake . You should be with Lloyd . I tried to stop you , only you don 't know that , because I only tried to stop you . I have to tell you all about it . It was a Thursday . There 's so much I need to tell you . - It 's all at Raven River . - Get the hell out of my house ! No , don 't go ! Don 't go ! The proof of the pudding is in the eating ! Don 't buy coffee today from the man that looks like Mr. Clean ! - Don 't buy coffee today ! - Dan , there 's a man in my house ! Dan ! [ Dr. Weaver ] Janis , thank you for coming in on such short notice . I 'm worried about your baby . Why ? I thought you said everything looked good . You 're anemic , and you haven 't gained enough weight . I want you to see a perinatologist to get a high-resolution ultrasound . Now she 'll make sure that the placenta 's OK - and the baby is growing . - And what if it isn 't ? First things first . Get that ultrasound . And get it soon . You 've got to protect your baby . I can 't believe this is happening right now . Yeah , but , Mark , he was in our house . I mean , I could have been killed . [ Mark ] Charlie must have been terrified . No , Charlie was already at school . Why would this man be stalking you ? I don 't know . All I know is that there 's something incredibly wrong with him . OK , look , I 'm gonna have to call you back . - Soon . - OK . Bye . [ Indistinct yelling ] Ralph , what happened ? Some teenager driving and texting jumped the curb and hit a couple people waiting for coffee out front . He was going , like , 80 . Doesn 't look good . Don 't buy coffee today from the man that looks like Mr. Clean ! - [ Sirens wailing ] - Oh , my God . [ Bell ringing ] [ Carline ] Can I help you , hon ? Yeah . I 'm looking for some red flower dragon heads . You mean some Red Dragon Flowerhorns ? Yeah . Do you have any here ? I might . Do you have a freshwater tank or saltwater ? I 'm sorry . I was supposed to ask for Carline . - That 's me . - Oh . Um ... I 'm Janis . Lita sent me to you . I know . So let 's get you set up with an aquarium , shall we ? Yeah , I don 't actually really need an aquarium . I think a 5-gallon tank ought to do the trick . We got your blue coral here , a power supply , air filter , water conditioner , a couple of plants and some incandescent bulbs . I 'm a little confused . If you 're going to be coming in here every couple of weeks to talk , then you need an excuse . - Yeah , I don 't really like fish . - You do now . So what do you think ? Neon Tetras or Zebra fish ? The ... Tetras , I guess . I 'm sorry . What exactly is it that I 'm supposed to be doing ? Well , for now , your job . Be the best special agent at the LA Bureau that you can be . Watch , wait , win their trust . And while you 're at it , keep us apprised of what they 're up to . Now these Swordtails can be very aggressive . Sometimes they eat each other . Fish are like that . Here we go . [ Janis ] The photos that we found on Frost are platinum prints , which dates the photos between 1890 to 1917 . But the guy from the Getty says that it 's likely the latter part of that time period . We were able to recover two sets of prints : Frost 's , of course , and Alda Hertzog 's . Alda ? How would she have gotten her hands on these photos ? Maybe she was with him before he met with you ? No . She barely would have had time to make it to the desert before killing Frost . They must have crossed paths even earlier . Another weird thing ... Forensics analyzed these photos and the blueprints for trace chemicals , and they found particulate matter specific to soil in the Kunar province of Afghanistan . Yep , US Department of Agriculture keeps a soil database . What would Frost be doing in Afghanistan ? [ Middle Eastern music playing ] [ Speaks in foreign language ] Don 't look so alarmed . You 'll only draw more attention . Who are you ? I 'm here at the request of our mutual friend Stanford Wedeck . - You 're Malik ? - And you are looking for your daughter . But now is not the time to exchange biographies . - We need to leave . - You already said that . [ Sighing ] Those men over there ... One of them is making a phone call . The best outcome of that call is a man on his way here to kidnap you . The worst ... that man with a bomb strapped to his chest . I believe that is what you call a lose-lose situation . You don 't blend as well as you think . [ Janis ] Thank you , Professor Corey , for looking at these . If these blueprints can be authenticated , this would be an incredibly cool find . Kind of reminds me a lot of the antikythera mechanism . I 'm not familiar with that . It 's one of the great mysteries of modern science . It was a bronze artifact discovered in the Mediterranean in 1901 . Turned out to be this incredibly sophisticated sort of calculator from second century BC Greece . They 've got it on display at the National Archaeology Museum in Athens . And you think this is something like that ? Yeah , looks like it . The antikythera calculated dates of solar eclipses , but I 'll be damned if I can figure out what this calculates . If you 'll let me keep these , I 'll scan them , do some 3-D imaging , translate the ancient Greek and ... see what I can come up with . Call me when you know something . Who has copies of these ? We 've got an antiquities professor studying the originals right now , and Benford 's got a copy on his board . - Get them back . - What do you mean ? I mean get me the original and destroy every copy that 's been made . What 's so important about this thing ? I don 't recall answering questions being part of our arrangement . The information goes one way , period . Get me these blueprints . [ Beeping ] [ Electronic noise ] [ Sighing ] Sweetie , you want me to make you that frozen pizza ? No . I 'm all full on popcorn . OK . [ Voice on TV ] I 'll give you 20 bucks for it . [ Indistinct TV chatter continuing ] [ Buttons beeping ] [ Door unlocking ] [ Beeping ] [ Unlocking ] - [ Mark ] What are you doing ? - [ Gasping ] [ Mark ] What are you doing , Janis ? I totally screwed up , Mark . That 's an understatement . You broke into my office , and you 're removing things from the Mosaic board . I know . I 'm an idiot . Professor Corey called me . - Professor Corey ? - The antiquities professor . He misplaced the blueprints that I gave him . - So make him another copy . - I gave him the originals . You have the only other copy . You didn 't check the originals into evidence ? No . I had a doctor 's appointment , so I just brought ' em with me . How 'd you get in ? - You gave me your passcode . - When ? That time ... you were in Washington with Wedeck , and you needed me to get the Geyer file for you . Right . This is a rookie mistake , Janis . Hand back the blueprints . You can get your copies tomorrow . You should know better . I know . I 'm sorry . I 'm telling you , Shel , he seemed to know a lot about me . I mean , look , there he is again . - You 're sure you don 't know this guy ? - No , believe me . - I would have remembered him . - That 's weird . And he brought up Raven River again , like he did the other day . - Do you have any idea what that is ? - Yeah . That 's an interesting thing . There 's a suspect we were tracking with the Mosaic investigation . Well , he had mentioned something about Raven River to Demetri , - so I did some research . - Well , it 's crazy . Does Mark know about this ? I 'm putting a report together for him now . There 's a few Raven Rivers . There 's one in Wisconsin , one in Illinois . There 's a tennis club in Ohio and a Raven River Hospital in Arizona . - Well , what kind of hospital ? - Psych hospital . It 's been shut down for about 20 years now . There was some controversy in the late ' 80s ... abuses . - What kind of patients ? - Schizophrenics . And they were the first hospital in the country to deal with autism . Autism ... What about savants ? She was trying to get away from them . That 's why she came home . But Jericho ... They got eyes everywhere . Now they brought her back here . How do you know they have not killed her ? I know . - You have proof ? - She 's alive . I 've seen it . You seem confident in your beliefs . I envy you . You must know that what you 're asking is no small undertaking . Kandahar is not Baghdad , Mr. Stark . It 's not even Kabul . Finding a single person anywhere in this country is next to impossible . There was someone else there , someone I think can lead us to her . - Who ? - His name 's Khamir Dejan . He 's a doctor ... a friend of Tracy 's . He knows the location where I found her . We find him , he can lead us there . It 's not that simple . Even if he is in this region , it will take time . Where she was , there was writings on the wall . Does that mean anything to you ? Eyes on the mountain . It 's a medical relief organization , non-governmental . - You said that Khamir was a doctor . - Yeah . This group , they have bases all over the country . If he is working for them , we can find him . And the roadblocks ? I know all of them . I know how to get around them . Where do we start ? We head south , towards the mountains . [ Doctor ] I 've seen the test results from Dr. Weaver . Let 's have a look , shall we ? There 's your baby , and ... there 's the heartbeat . - [ rapid beating ] - Is she OK ? Is she too small ? No , the head size is normal . Placental blood flow , it 's ... it 's OK . But the abdominal girth isn 't what I 'd want to see . I know your work is very demanding , Janis , but you 're going to need to take better care of yourself . Get eight to nine hours of sleep a night , - eat a high-protein diet and ... - [ phone ringing ] ... reduce your stress . You know those are not supposed to be on in here . Look , I know life is complicated . Everyone 's is . But the health of your baby depends on your ability to stay off your feet and lower your stress . I 'm serious . Otherwise , you could lose this baby . [ Phone ringing ] I 'm sorry . I have to take it . It 's my boss . Hey , Mark . Professor Corey 's sitting in my office , and he 's just given me some very interesting information . I think you better get back here . - Professor Corey . - Ms. Hawk . Weirdest thing happened yesterday . There was a power failure in the entire building . Erased every hard drive in the joint . - Really ? - Yeah . And I can 't seem to find those blueprints you gave me which is why it 's a damn good thing I took pictures on my phone and printed ' em out . - I wanted to get a head start . - Great . I did some quick and dirty 3-D imaging of the device . Seems to be some kind of mechanical , astronomical clock , with gears and levers designed to calculate a certain date , - or rather , a series of dates . - What dates ? When I do the math , the first date I keep coming up with is October 6 , 2009 . [ Corey ] The date of the blackout . [ Phone ringing ] - Janis Hawk . - [ Mark ] It 's Benford . Get Wedeck . Suspects are on the move . - Mark , I 'm putting you on speaker . - What do you got ? [ Mark ] Khalid , Omar and an unidentified Caucasian woman . We 're e-mailing you pictures right now . [ Wedeck ] Who is she ? [ Mark ] That 's the " unidentified " part , sweetheart . Get these to digital forensics and run ' em by ISO . - OK . - Thanks . [ Woman ] You 've had a partial abruption , Ms. Hawk . The good news is you 've stopped bleeding . But you 're gonna have to really watch your physical activity from here on out . Do you want to know the sex of your baby ? Well , considering the circumstances ... [ distant explosions , chaos ] - You guys OK ? - Yeah . [ Sirens wailing in distance ] [ People groaning , chattering ] - [ Booming noises outside ] - [ Sirens continue ] [ Distant cries , chaos ] [ Janis vomiting ] [ Toilet flushes ] [ Sobbing ] - I want out . - It 's normal to be upset . Millions of people died yesterday , Carline . I lost friends , people I know and work with . Nobody told me this was the plan when I was recruited . You said there was gonna be an event , but you never said it would be like this . Did you know this was gonna happen ? I don 't answer questions , Janis . We 've already been over this . I don 't want to do this anymore . I want out now . I 'm really sorry you feel that way , Janis , but you can 't get out . You 're in way too deep . Surely you 're bright enough to realize that . You know , it 's funny . I never heard you complaining when you were pocketing all that money . You didn 't think there was a price ? - You 're a despicable person . - Man up , sweetheart . This is what we do , and even if I wanted to cut you loose , that 's not my call to make . OK , then I want to talk to the person whose call it is . That 's not gonna happen . Ever . If I were you , I 'd go on home , pour yourself a couple of stiff ones , lick your wounds , because tomorrow I expect you back in here , spilling your guts . It 's like the setting in one of those slasher movies . [ Chuckles ] I 'm more of a Clint Eastwood type guy , myself . I hope you told someone where we were going . So they 'll know where to find our bodies ? Hm-hm . Ooh . Here you go . Oh , thank you . [ Vreede whistling ] Mildew . - I 'm gonna look around down here . - OK . You call me if you get lost . You 're not gonna find what you 're looking for there , Olivia . I knew you 'd be here . You 're always here . I 'm heading out . What 's up with you ? Hmm ? You 've been distracted . You haven 't been yourself . You 've been coming in late , disappearing for lengths of time . What is it ? [ Sighing ] I 'm pregnant . Wow . That 's ... Congratulations . Your flash forward really is coming true . And there was a question of the health of the baby . So I just ... I don 't know . I guess I just lost it . I lost my edge . But I 'm OK . Everything 's good . Great . Mark , I just hope that you know you can still count on me . Janis ... I never doubted that . Thanks . You know , I can 't stop thinking about Frost 's last words ... " In the end , you 'll be saved by the lady you see every day . " What the hell does that mean ? Well , clearly , that means I 'm gonna save your ass , Mark . No . I don 't know . Maybe it means Olivia 's gonna save my ass . Let 's go over this again . What do we know about Dyson Frost ? We know he went under the alias " D. Gibbons . " [ Mark ] And he played chess brilliantly . [ Janis ] And faked his own death , once upon a time . [ Demetri ] D. Gibbons escaped . We got a white queen . Chess ... " The lady you see every day . " [ Scoffing , chuckling ] In chess , the queen 's known as the lady , right ? No . Crazy son of a bitch was right . Your family ? I 'm taking you where you want to go . What else do you need to know ? How about what you saw ? That 's a start . My wife and daughter ... We 're in a car together . We black out . The car goes over the embankment . I survive . It doesn 't matter what I saw . A future without them is no future at all . I 'm sorry . You know , I envy that you believe in the possibility of good . [ Shouting in foreign language ] - Taliban ? - I don 't know . I thought you said you knew all the factions . Isn 't that why Wedeck sent you to me ? I don 't know this one . - [ Guns cocking ] - [ Man shouting ] I 'll take care of it . [ Shouts in foreign language ] - [ Men yelling ] - [ Rapid gunfire ] [ High pitched noise overhead ] [ Man yelling ] Khamir ? How 'd you find me ? Well , you don 't blend as well as you think . My ... my friend ... the one who texted you ... - He was here . We ... We were here . - Olivia ! He was here . We ... we were here together . - You OK ? - Yeah . Do you understand now ? Tell ... you understand now ? No , Gabriel , I don 't understand anything . How did you know about the car accident at the hospital ? - I saw it . - What did you mean when you said that I made a mistake about Lloyd ? It 's what I saw . Lloyd and Olivia sitting in a tree , k-i-s-s ... OK , stop . Stop . - It 's what I saw . - You saw it ? - [ Gabriel ] This is where they did it . - [ Olivia ] Where are you going ? [ Gabriel ] This is where they did it . - This is where they did it . - Where they did what ? This is where they did it . - The experiments . - [ Olivia ] What experiments ? Every other day for two years ... we came here . They put us to sleep . [ Indistinct chatter ] [ Gabriel ] They put us to sleep . I never knew where I 'd end up . Sometimes it was a short trip . I was eating a tuna sandwich . Cat jumped on the table . Kitty likes tuna . Sometimes it was a long trip . He watches from there . Who ? The doctor . [ Gabriel ] Frost . Dyson Frost ? He told us we were special ' cause we could remember things everything . And then when we came back , we had to write it all down , every ... every little detail . That 's the way the cookie crumbles . The ... Flash forwards ? You 're talking about flash forwards . He said we were special because we could remember the future . I said that already . Did I say that already ? - I 'm sorry I said that already . - It 's OK , Gabriel . - I said that already . - It 's OK . You are special . You 're a savant . You all were . He used you for your eidetic memories , like human recorders . When they finished with us ... When they used us all up he told them to kill us so we wouldn 't tell . He 's dead now . You don 't have to be afraid of him anymore . The early worm catches the bird . I 've been waiting . I 've been waiting . Gabriel , why have you been following me ? It 's an emergency . You 're going the wrong way . [ Stammering ] So I have to turn you around , Olivia , - ' cause you 're going the wrong way . - What wrong way ? In the futures I saw , I always saw you , Olivia . - Me ? - Yeah , and you 're always with Lloyd . At Harvard , by the pipe shop , I tried to smoke that day , but I threw up . And we were friends . We were friends because I was the janitor ... No , Gabriel . I didn 't go to Harvard . I came to California . - I went to UCLA . I married Mark . - In the futures I saw , you 're supposed to be with Lloyd . You 're always with Lloyd ... not that other one . Lloyd . Harvard was a fork in the road . You have to listen to me , Olivia . You have to remember these things , because they 're important . You have to be here for things to come . You 're a piece of the puzzle . They can 't solve it without you ! Gentlemen , it 's been PET scanned , CT scanned , and subjected to neutron emissions analysis . What the hell is it ? Some kind of little electronic kryptonite ? No , no , no . This is more complicated . [ Mark ] Our analyst is saying it makes our current tech look kind of primitive . They have no idea what it is . That 's why I 've invited Simon and Lloyd to join us . Suspect Zero has one , too . You think he and Dyson Frost were working together ? Possibly . We know that D. Gibbons , Frost , made numerous calls during the blackout . As far as we know , they were the only two people in the world awake during the blackout . Suspect Zero was wearing a ring , and Frost had this one in his possession . It 's a QED . - What ? - A Quantum Entanglement Device . My God . It exists . This is what we were discussing in our flash forwards . English , gentlemen . English , please . OK . Let 's start with the basics , all right ? Theoretically , Frost and his pals ramped up our linear accelerator to such extreme energies that it sent shock waves through the consciousness field and jolted all of humanity 's awareness to a different place in space-time ... the flash forward . Now Suspect Zero and Frost were awake during the time of the blackout , correct ? - They were in some way protected . - Clearly . So you think this ring is a device which anchored their minds to their current location in space-time . In other words , it helped them stay conscious . You 're saying this little thing kept those guys from blacking out ? Maybe this is why they were so anxious to attack our offices on April 29th . Maybe they weren 't coming for me . They were coming for this . And now that we know that , we can figure out a way to stop them . Mr. Vogel ? Janis Hawk . I was told to meet you by Assistant Director Bramwell . Yes , Ms. Hawk . Please sit . Congratulations on graduating today . Surviving Quantico is no small accomplishment . Thank you . I was told this is about a special assignment , but I 'm actually starting in the LA office next month . Ms. Hawk , I 'll get right to the point . I 'm not with the Bureau . As I 'm sure you 're aware , historically , the Bureau and the Agency haven 't always cooperated as closely as they might have . - We 're trying to change that . - You 're CIA . As a part of a still-classified operation , we 've assessed your graduating class and found half a dozen candidates potentially vulnerable to hostile recruitment . - And I 'm one of them ? - Yes . Your financial situation , your sexual orientation , your unconventional upbringing , they all make you a potential target . Well , that 's ridiculous . You 're wrong . I would never betray my country . I would never betray a fellow agent . - You 've got the wrong person , agent . - Yeah , we know . We know . We 've done our homework . Your reputation amongst your classmates and your instructors is impeccable , and Bramwell says you 're one of the finest students he 's seen in years . Oh . - I don 't understand . - We need a dangle . We know something big is going down , something that will make 9l11 look like a fender bender . We need someone on the inside . Now we have reason to believe that an organization may approach you soon and ask you to be a mole in the LA office . We want you to say yes . You want me to be a double agent ? Yes . Wow . I 'm not gonna kid you , Janis . It won 't be easy . They 'll manipulate you . They 'll use you in ways you can 't imagine . You 'll know things , but you won 't be able to tell anyone . You 'll be in constant danger . You 'll betray your friends , and there may come a time when they ask you to do something which goes against everything you believe in and care about . And you 're gonna have to do it to win their trust and stay on the inside . Do you think you 're capable of doing what you have to do ? So they have the ring . It 's been on Mark 's board since Utah . You 're gonna have to get it back . How am I supposed to do that ? It 's in a well-fortified vault in the basement of the FBI , for God 's sakes . You keep asking me to do this impossible stuff , I 'm gonna blow my cover . I know you 've grown to like these people . They 're like family to you , and this understandably is hard for you . But you failed to follow Benford to Frost , and you failed in destroying the blueprints , which was most unfortunate . I would not make a third mistake , Janis . This is where you get to prove your dedication to the cause , darlin ' . I 'll get the ring . Oh , and Janis , one more thing . We need you to kill Benford .
