 [ Man ] Previously on ABC 's FlashForward : [ Woman ] Everyone on the planet blacked out at exactly the same time . I didn 't just lose consciousness . It felt like I was having a memory , - only it was of the future . - Same thing happened to me . In my flash forward , I saw someone drowning me . I was getting a prenatal sonogram . [ Olivia ] I was with another man . I 've never seen him before . In my flash forward , I was investigating what caused all this . You have to see this . Look right there . - No way . - [ Janis ] Who the hell is that ? And why are they awake ? [ Wedeck ] This was taken about midway through the blackout . We 're calling him Suspect Zero . Dr. Benford , I 'm Lloyd Simcoe . It doesn 't matter what I saw . This man means nothing to me . [ Mark ] His son 's your patient . Our experiment killed 20 million people , Simon . We were the cause . I do not believe we caused the blackout . - Who 's the woman ? - I have no idea . But I am gonna meet her . I didn 't have a flash forward because I 'm gonna be dead . You will be shot three times . You , Agent Benford , you will kill Agent Noh . - [ Shouting ] - You 're coming with us . - Lower their guns . - You two are disobeying a direct order ! Here . Wedeck 's orders . Thank you , and goodbye . - No , no ! Please , don 't hurt her ! - Get in the van , Mr. Simcoe . - I 'll come with you ! Please ! - Get in the van ! - Go ! - [ Dylan screaming ] I want to tell you a story about a man I know . A window washer in Los Angeles . Nothing special about him . Just going about his life , living from day to day . - Hook me up . - [ man ] Vague plans , few dreams . And if he had any aspirations , he never spoke of them . Like most of us , he was already unconscious when the blackout hit . Before the blackout , the window washer lived his life ignoring the questions of the future . They just weren 't that important to him , so he believed nothing . But the blackout came and this man faced certain death . [ Distant explosions ] [ Man ] Many of us think that when divine intervention happens , it 's something big . But it can also be a small thing that seems so inconsequential in the moment it turns out to be the turning point of your entire life . Big or small , what if that moment affected everyone , everywhere , at the exact same time ? What would that mean to you ? Where would you look for answers ? The answer is never about just one person . Every single person 's life was touched by the blackout . None of us are in this alone . Help ! [ Man ] Each one of us is unique . But we are being stitched together to form a tapestry . Something larger that can 't be understood until we step back to see the whole thing . Help me , please ! Somebody help me ! - [ Indistinct screaming ] - [ man ] At some point , we all wake up . [ Screaming continues ] And then we have to choose . Do we walk in hope , believing that what God is doing is good , or do we stumble around , resigning ourselves to chaos ? The window washer saw a path through the chaos , and he saw the good in what he was shown . That window washer was me . [ Man ] These are the questions people have always struggled with . Only now , they are more powerful than ever . Take me through something here . You 're in a foreign country , against my express wishes , and you decide to pull a gun in a public place . [ Shouting ] Just out of curiosity , what were you thinking ? Back off ! Back off now ! Can I go see my wife ? She was just nearly kidnapped . What were you thinking ? I asked you a question . [ Janis ] Can you try to tell us what you saw ? Yeah . I was saying goodbye . Dylan Simcoe 's been a patient of mine for a while . The paramedics were loading him in . And that 's when I noticed something was wrong . - We don 't have time for this . - Well , they weren 't paramedics . They didn 't know what they were doing . Bill , can you get down here ? - Who 's Bill ? - Oh , the security guard . They shot him . They shot him . They just did it . - And then they turned the gun at me . - No , no , no ! Please ! Don 't hurt her ! That 's when Mark jumped in and got in the middle of it . Mark ? Lloyd . Sorry . I 'm tired . Lloyd Simcoe . He told them not to hurt me and that he 'd go with them . He saved my life . Some stranger tells me I 'm gonna put three bullets in my friend , I 'm not gonna invite her to a tea party . - Are you trying to be cute ? - At least I 'm not sitting on my hands . We still haven 't gone to Somalia . We can 't find D. Gibbons . And for some reason , we 're not using every resource available to us to find out who the hell Suspect Zero is . Somalia is a war zone , and I 'm working to get us in . The Detroit Bureau is canvassing Michigan looking for Suspect Zero , and we got Gibbons on the Ten Most Wanted list , which is more than a miracle to pull off . So don 't you imply that I 'm not working with you here . [ Olivia ] Are you gonna find Lloyd ? This only happened because he came forward , did the right thing . Please find him . Your Bureau-mandated therapist . You see her three times a week . And when she thinks you 're up to it , we 'll talk about a reinstatement . Excuse me ? I know America was a country founded by Puritans , but is there really not a single beer in this entire place ? I think you got us confused with the ATF , Dr. Campos . What is it you 're doing here ? I 'm advising the office on all things scientific related to the investigation . - Very scientific . - That is classified . Not to me . [ Olivia ] Mark ? I can see working for the FBI is gonna be much more interesting than academia . Mark , it 's not what it looks like . Shh . Not now . You 've been through enough . This can wait till later . - Let 's go home . - Yeah . Bye-bye . [ Wedeck ] It 's been eight hours since Simcoe was kidnapped . - Where are we ? - We know it was a professional job , but there hasn 't been any kind of ransom demand . We can only theorize as to why he 's been taken , but considering how many people want him dead ... It could be anyone . - What 's he doing here ? - Nice to see you , too , Agent Noh . Agent Vogel has officially joined the Mosaic Task Force . Embrace it , Demetri . This is now an inter-agency investigation . [ Vogel ] I 've asked Dr. Campos to be here . His close association to Simcoe should be able to shed some light on our kidnappers . I suggest we cast a wider net . Terrorists , anyone interested in future forecasting . If someone were able to master the flash forwards , they would be effectively printing their own money . I think we can all agree that the mind of Lloyd Simcoe is a priceless resource . [ Lloyd ] Help ! Help ! - Can anybody hear me ? - [ Door opening ] [ Door squeaking , shutting ] No one can hear you . You 're dehydrated . You should replenish your electrolytes . You tell me what I need to know , and you can walk out of here right now . - Who are you ? - You actually don 't want to know the answer to that question . - Go to hell . - You have no idea what hell is , but I guess you 're gonna find out . From the outside , I looked the same after the blackout . But inside , I was different . We 've lived believing not knowing the future made life difficult . The truth is that it 's vastly more difficult knowing what lies before us . " But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat , for in the day that you eat of it , you shall surely die . " [ Smoke alarm beeping ] [ Nicole ] Mom ? Mom ? Mom ! Why would you do something like that ? You could 've burned the whole house down . [ Alarm shuts off ] What 's gotten into you ? - Sorry . - Whatever . She 's had breakfast . - The nanny was late . - When you say you 're gonna be here , - I need you to be here . - It 's not my fault . - She burned the Bible this morning . - What ? Might wanna search the house again for matches or a lighter . Whatever . The family Bible ? [ Sighs ] Mom ! [ Man ] The challenge for us is to find the gift in what we saw . We may not recognize it at first , but if we pay attention , it will reveal itself . [ Mark ] What else am I gonna do ? Charlie 's at school , and it 's not like I play any golf . We didn 't get to talk last night , and ... I don 't want to not talk . I was saying goodbye to Lloyd . But what you saw on that videotape , that was supposed to be an ending . I swear to God , it made me happy to think it was over . I 'm just glad you 're OK . But that 's the thing . I 'm not . I haven 't been for a while . At work , I 'm cold and I 'm distant , and then I come home and you and I ... I haven 't been the easiest guy to come home to . I know . I 'm sorry . What if we just ran ? What if we just upped and moved away ? No , I mean it . I mean , everything bad we saw was here in LA . - You 're serious about this ? - Al Gough jumped off a building to save a woman 's life , a woman he didn 't even know . There 's nothing I won 't do to save our marriage . Come here . [ Woman ] 911 . [ Man ] There 's a homeless man , he 's vomiting . He looks like he needs help . 838 Bache Street , by the train yard . [ Woman ] Are you with the victim now , sir ? Call 's a hoax . Real EMTs responded , bad guys swapped themselves in . The ambulance company supplied us with this , and aside from the videotape , it 's the only lead we have on the kidnapping . Have you found the missing EMTs ? We sent LAPD detectives to that location . Dead end . It 's an empty rail yard south of downtown . And we haven 't located the ambulance , either . You outsourced this to the Los Angeles Police Department ? - It 's a local crime . - That involves our investigation . - What about Lloyd 's laptop ? - What about it ? Well , I might be able to break through the encryption software , see who he was in contact with before he was taken . Could help . Janis , take a security team , escort Dr. Campos to the Simcoe house . I want to talk to the detectives who canvassed that crime scene . Thank you . Is this , uh ... suite 520 ? Uh-huh . And you 're my 3 : 00 . Then why does it look like you 're leaving ? 'Cause it 's 3 : 00 and if I don 't get an iced latte , stat , I 'm gonna need therapy . Agent Benford , for the past 12 years , my job has been to help people cope by helping them explore their past . But since the blackout , that 's all changed . The majority of people who come in to see me are dealing with traumas from their future . So tell me what you saw . I saw myself off the wagon with guns pointed at me . - What else do you remember ? - That 's not enough trauma for you ? I 've seen your files . You 've got a God complex . I believe that you saw something in your flash forward , something that you might not even be conscious of , that 's making you believe that you 're the center of the universe . And I 'm not signing anything until we find out what that is . Next thing I knew , I was upside down , staring at a broken windshield and a bunch of oranges on the 110 . OK , by my math , that doesn 't exactly add up to two minutes and 17 seconds . You 're not the first person to point that out . And you were drinking ? - Can 't even remember half of it . - Do you want to ? 'Cause there has been some success using a modified calcineurin inhibitor to enhance people 's memories of their flash forwards . Using a drug to enhance memories . I don 't know . I don 't think a magical mystery tour is the best way to go for someone in recovery . - What are you afraid of ? - Not much . In case you forgot , I chase down very bad people for a living . Not anymore you don 't . Call me when you wanna continue treatment . I 'd be happy to see you . You go to the alley . Guard the back door . Could you get me a beer from the refrigerator , please ? We 're here as your security , Mr. Campos , not your servants . I 'm trying to brute force an encryption here . I don 't have time to get up . I have even less time for explicating why said request should be obvious . So why don 't you toddle off and get me a beer ? Lt 'll help me cogitate . That means " think . " That 's a big word for such a little man . I 'm wounded . But I still want my beer . Janis ! Get her on her side . You 're all right . OK . - Take it easy . - [ Sirens wailing ] - Where 's Simon ? - He 's gone . You 're the only one here . - What happened ? - There were two guys wearing masks . Just like the ones on Mark 's board . [ Grunting ] [ Door creaking , shutting ] [ Gasping ] Good . I found you . [ Bryce ] But his father 's been kidnapped . It 's not like he 's gonna live on the streets . Social Services will take good care of him . This is my patient . You can 't release him . You signed the forms yesterday . We kept him overnight as a courtesy , but come on . We need the beds . [ Olivia ] But he 's developed a complication . His clot got worse . I didn 't realize you had X-ray vision . Well , I guess we can close down Radiology . Dylan , come here a second . Dylan ? Hey , babe . I 'm not gonna hurt you . Dylan . Hey , hey . Dylan ? Sweetie ? [ Singing ] That 's right . [ Both singing ] Yeah , elevated heart rate , shortness of breath and , uh ... warm forehead . Could be sepsis . Are they gonna find my daddy , Olivia ? Yeah . Of course they are . [ Demetri ] Oh , yeah . Like we 're gonna find an ambulance out here that the LAPD couldn 't find . Good call . This is definitely not a waste of time . You know what ? I got a better idea . Why don 't we take out our guns , - wave ' em around ? See what happens . - What happened in Hong Kong ... - Should stay in Hong Kong ? - I was following a lead - on my own murder . - I know . The thing you and Benford screwed up over there is so much bigger than who might put three bullets in you on March 15th . - For you , maybe . - Come on . You think you 're the only one who didn 't have a flash forward ? Who saw something they wish they hadn 't ? Take some advice . You can cry , you can lie to your fiancée , whatever , but sooner or later , you better get it together , or else she 's gonna be walking along that beach , getting ready to marry somebody else . [ Grunting ] Don 't be stupid . There are people around you who know things you don 't . If you wanna avoid being killed , you 're gonna need a better partner . Better than Mark Benford . [ Buzzing ] What was that about a waste of time ? Hey . I am so glad to see your shining face . - Really ? - Yup . Mr. Makowski just woke up from surgery and we need someone to check on him . - Happy to . - Thanks . Wait ! Excuse me . Hey . Hey ... I 'm sorry . I thought you were someone else . Sorry . In my flash forward , I only saw him for a second , but I 'm sure it was him . I gave his description to security . I really want you to call that detective friend of Mark 's . Detective Liefeld . I gave him a description two months ago . - This won 't be anything new . - You never know what can help . - You should call him . - OK . [ Pagers beeping ] ER . OK , I 'll see you later . Hey . It 's gonna be all right . OK ? I keep trying to convince myself that this is a mistake . It 's just something that I don 't understand . But I can 't keep walking around wondering if this guy 's gonna be behind every corner . Have you heard about Sanctuary ? Let me show you . I put these up everywhere . - Here . - Yeah , I 've seen these . The guy who leads it sees things in a really positive way . You should check it out . He might be able to help . It doesn 't matter to me whether you were frightened by what you saw or excited . I 'll be the first to admit I was totally confused by my flash forward . I wasn 't a religious person at all . I didn 't know what to do . But a voice said , " Just keep moving forward . " So I created Sanctuary . A place where we can be safe , where there is no threat , no danger . What do you think they 're after ? It 's the experiment at NLAP . It 's gotta be . And clearly , I didn 't consider the repercussions of our announcement . Your announcement , Lloyd . I shouldn 't have implicated you and the rest of the staff . Spare me your whinging , Lloyd . I was co-director of the project . I was on the hook the moment you opened your mouth . And as I 've said , repeatedly , I do not think we were responsible for the blackout . It would seem our captors would beg to differ . [ Man ] Yes . We do beg to differ . [ Door opening ] [ Door shutting ] Sit , please . I have emphysema . I contracted it through years of habitual smoking . Disgusting proclivity , isn 't it ? Only villains smoke . We know this , right ? I 'm sorry . You are ? [ Groaning ] You may call me Flosso . And I 'm a villain . Imagine a basket , the size of Montana . Now , imagine said basket is filled with money . That is what my employers are paying me to ask you these questions . So , at 11 am on October 6th , you conducted a proton-driven plasma wakefield experiment . It is my understanding that you were searching for tachyonic dark matter . In the resulting particle collision , how much collision energy was generated ? I don 't know . Are we talking about a billion electron volts ? I don 't know . How many electron volts were generated ? Perhaps I can help you with your inquiry . [ Grunting ] On October 6th , you were in Toronto burying your father , I believe . I 'm asking the man who actually pushed the button . You 're here for a different reason . So , how many electron volts were generated ? I 'd rather die than tell you how to manufacture another blackout . - You think you caused it . - I did . No , Dr. Simcoe . All the two of you did was amplify it . So , again , how many electron volts ? - What you got ? - No wounds , no ligature marks . So I 'm going with a poison of some kind . But I won 't know more until the toxicology comes back . We found this . Might belong to one of the EMTs . - A leather case ? - Fits a Palm Pre , - but we didn 't find a phone . - If the phone 's still in the ambulance , we can triangulate its position from its signal . Find the phone , find the ambulance . Find the ambulance , maybe find the guys who stole it . Find them , and they 'll get us to Simon and Lloyd . [ Callie ] Just relax . You ever sit in the chair before ? Not like this one , no . Some people who 've had difficulty recalling their flash forwards have had real breakthroughs with this treatment . So how about you tell me what changed your mind ? I 'm driving everyone around me , everyone I care about , away . Because I can 't deal with what my future might be . Was that really so hard to say ? You got no idea . Well , therapy is a lot like AA . The first step in recovery is admitting you have a problem . - This gonna hurt ? - Truth always does a little . The man in my flash forward had a neck like an ox , smelled like a meat locker . I don 't know where I was or who the man was . I felt my thumbs on his trachea . I pushed down as hard as I could until I felt something snap . [ Neck snapping ] Then I let go . I can 't believe you 'd be capable of something like that . I guess mine 's a little bit more violent than yours . I 'm confused . In my flash forward , I ... I got a text message from you . Sorry , I have to make a call . [ Simon ] Can 't remember that . I mean , obviously I couldn 't have sent you a text in the middle of what I was doing . Or maybe I sent you a text earlier and you just retrieved it then . I don 't understand . Why don 't our futures match ? Because it 's a possible future . Clearly , you weren 't paying any attention to the story about the FBI agent who committed suicide . Anything 's possible . Vision or no vision . Lloyd , that 's pointless . They 're wire windows . They probably nailed them shut anyway . Touché . I just need one person to walk by and look down . Wait , wait , wait , wait ! No , no , no , no ! Wait ! No ! Help ! Help ! [ Callie ] You should start to feel a tingling sensation in your extremities . This is completely normal . Just relax . Let the memories come . [ Phone ringing ] What ? I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball when I came crashing through . Go to hell , Lloyd . What did you see ? I was on the phone . Do you know who you were talking to ? Lloyd Simcoe . [ Door opens ] [ Flosso ] You dropped something . Let 's start again from the beginning . You were conducting an experiment in plasma wakefield acceleration . Am I correct in that assumption ? I thought I made it clear I can 't tell you . Get the ! Lloyd ! Were you successful , Dr. Simcoe ? Lloyd ! All right , all right , all right . Did your facility detect anything superluminal ? This has nothing to do with Simon . Why ? Was there any Cerenkov radiation ? I can 't . Lloyd ! Tell them what they want to know , Lloyd ! Very well , then . Let the wild rumpus begin . [ Simon yelling ] [ Olivia ] Hey , kiddo . Go back to sleep , babe . I was just checking in on you . I can 't . Will you sing some more ? [ Laughing ] I think I exhausted my repertoire . I have to go home . I saved you this from my dinner . A cookie ? You did ? Thank you . [ Thunder crashing ] Hey , Aaron , it 's Mark . I think I could use some help . [ Olivia singing ] Talk to me , man . What 's happened , Mark ? Why are you sitting here in your car in front of a bar ? It 's what 's gonna happen , right ? My therapist gave me this drug to unlock the parts of my flash forward I couldn 't remember because I was drinking . [ Phone ringing ] [ Lloyd ] It 's me . I need to talk to you . [ Laughs ] Yeah , well , this isn 't a good time . I was on the phone with Lloyd Simcoe . - Have you been drinking ? - Go to hell , Lloyd . I told him I didn 't want to talk to him . [ Lloyd ] You 've every right to hate me , but ... Listen , I don 't hate you . I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball when I came crashing through . [ Lloyd ] Fine . But we need to talk about the QED . It sounded like we were working together . [ Lloyd ] I 'm not sure . It 's highly theoretical , but I 'm close to cracking it . Listen to me . Close is not good enough . D. Gibbons told me about ... The man you call " D. Gibbons " lied to you . You need to hurry . We 're running out of time . Unless we can stop this ... And then I told him . There 's gonna be another blackout . - [ Wedeck ] Are you sure ? - [ Mark ] I 'm positive . There 's gonna be another blackout . If Simcoe saw the same thing you did , why 's he been sitting on this information the whole time ? - Why hasn 't he come forward ? - I don 't know . Let 's find him and ask him . Let me back in and I can track him . Look , go home . I 'm doing my best to get you reinstated . - I promise . - What am I supposed to do till then ? You said you saw more clues from your vision . - Work them . But be quiet about it . - All right . This business about another blackout , keep it to yourself . If we can 't tell the world when it 's going to happen , that 's beyond irresponsible . This is the number for one of our missing EMTs . We 're hoping the phone might still be in the ambulance . - Can you track it for us ? - Yeah . If the battery 's got juice , I can capture the signal - and triangulate its position . - How close can you get us ? - Within 50 meters , if it 's in the city . - [ Demetri ] Great . Let 's do it . I made it for you , Daddy , to cheer you up . Well , it worked . - Thank you , Charlie . It 's beautiful . - What 's all this ? It 's a giant puzzle . Something I still haven 't figured out yet . When I do jigsaw puzzles at Nana 's house , I always feel that way when she dumps the pieces out on the table . - Yeah ? - Mm-hm . But we always start with the corners and work in . At least you know what they are . Start with the corners , Daddy . Come here . [ Man ] Sometimes , we feel God 's hand on the back of our neck pushing us towards something . And sometimes , we feel totally abandoned . That 's normal . But just because you don 't feel something , doesn 't mean it 's not there . How many people here have gotten sunburned on a cloudy day ? You didn 't think it was working on you , but it was . God 's love is just like that . Working for your good , whether you are aware of it or not . Here you go . Thank you . Sorry . I just had a question . Sure . What about our responsibility before God ? Don 't we owe Him something ? - Like what ? - Obedience ? I mean , we need to follow the rules that He sets out . - And if we don 't ? - We get punished . I just don 't see how you can say that the blackout was good . Look at all the people that died . Look at all the trouble it 's causing . Wow . Clearly , I 've upset you . Don 't you think , in the very least , the flash forwards were a wake-up call for us to get our act together before it 's too late ? - I didn 't catch your name . - Nicole . My name is Timothy . I 'd really like to keep talking with you , but if I don 't get out of here before my hour 's up , I get charged . - Thanks . - There 's a coffee shop I like nearby . If you wanna talk about it again later . Red Panda provides humanitarian aid all around the world . Everything from micro investments to education . We 've been extremely busy since the blackout , as I 'm sure you can imagine . You said you do work all over the world . Yes , we grew out of DHS in the ' 90s . You know , Demographic and Health Services . We 're in South America , the Middle East , the African subcontinent . Somalia ? Was Red Panda there in ' 91 ? There was no Red Panda in 1991 . We weren 't chartered until ' 98 . And you send in , what , teams of people ? With clean water supplies , mostly . The warlords keep most everyone out , but , you know , humanitarian groups like us can get in . Is there anyone I could talk to about maybe piggybacking on one of Red Panda 's trips ? Doubt it . Not to be disrespectful , but most of the people working here probably have police records - as thick as the Bible . - We 're not like that anymore . Uh-huh . Have a nice day , Agent Benford . You have to at least let me pay for your coffee . It 's OK . I didn 't have any plans anyway . It 's not like he 's scary or anything , I 'd just feel better if you 're here . I 'll be right here if you need me . Great . And can you see if you can get the change in pennies ? [ Timothy ] Can I buy you a cup of coffee ? That 's all right . I 'm getting one to go . Why don 't you tell me what upset you earlier ? In my flash forward , I was underwater . Someone was drowning me . And in the end , I was dead . People ask me all the time to interpret what they saw , and I can 't . Ultimately , interpretation is your responsibility . But how could my drowning be good ? What if you were being baptized ? Wouldn 't that be a good thing ? But then why was I struggling ? I 'm sorry to say I 've dropped more than one person in a full immersion baptism . Water gets up their nose , they freak out , slip away . - But I died . - Or fainted . My point here is that these visions are just a snapshot . You only see a small portion . Think of Jesus and his sacrifice . To his disciples , it was a tragedy because they couldn 't see the bigger picture , its new reality for everyone who came after . Is that what you think is happening now ? It 's not fate versus free will . It 's fate and free will . But hey , I 'm just a super-religious weirdo dude . And you don 't have to believe anything I say . But every day , God puts something good in your life . Embrace it . And let all the other stuff fall away . [ Timothy ] The challenge we face is recognizing that the answers to our most burning questions may be right in front of us . [ Car starting ] You sure you don 't want to try our Tofurky soy cheese steak ? - It 's on special . - I 'm positive . I really wish I could have been more help to you , but since I don 't know what you 're looking for ... - Me neither . Thanks anyway . - Yeah , no problem . - When did you guys change locations ? - About a month ago . We had a fire during the blackout . Luckily , I got my money before the insurance company went broke . Where was your old location ? Dr. Simcoe , how many electron volts were generated ? It 's a number , Dr. Simcoe . An abstract object . I can 't sacrifice any more lives . " Sacrifice " is an interesting word . I appreciate its duality . It can be used as both noun or verb . One can take action , surrender , or give something up for something else . I , however , prefer the Greek noun form thysia to indicate the object itself that is sacrificed . Meaning one 's family , or the proverbial pound of flesh . - Get the ... - No ! [ Simon ] Lloyd ! Tell them what they want , Lloyd ! [ Yelling ] [ Cutter slicing ] I 'm not saying he 's bad . I just think most religion is a kind of club , designed to keep some people in and some people out . If it makes you feel better about your life , what difference does it make ? I 'm glad you 're feeling better , I just want you to be careful . You know what ? Maybe this wasn 't the best idea . Even when her medicine 's working , she 's ... odd . - And it 's unpredictable . - Hey , I wanna hang out . So there 's nothing to be afraid of , OK ? All right , but if you want to bail , I totally understand . [ Nicole ] Mom , this is my friend Bryce . We work together at the hospital . Don 't touch my hair . You 'll scare the butterflies away . So this is the reason for all the pennies . - You brought pennies ? - Yeah , I got a bunch today . - You 're a doctor ? - Yeah . I 've been struck by lightning six times . Wow . Can I help with the wall ? Only use the ones marked " 1989 . " That 's the year that Nicole was born . Nice . This whole thing is a tribute to her . You never told me that . You never asked . Actually , we were just discussing a question that 's been bothering us . Do you think God caused the flash forward ? [ Mrs. Kirby ] Flash forward ? So what ? People are crying about it , boo-hoo . It 's not the end of the world . I have a hallucination every day , nobody gives a damn . And if you wanna know about God , what some people call coincidence is really God at work . Yeah , that makes perfect sense . - Found one . - Glue 's right there . And start the music , will you ? Sure . Come on , girl . Show him how it 's done . I come bearing gifts . Your son wears a size four shoe . His physical therapist 's name is Joanie . And finally , these were taken before the blackout . We 've had your family under surveillance for quite some time . - Hey . - Hey , we got a lead on our missing quantum physicists . LAPD and SWAT are backing us up . - [ Janis ] Where 'd you find them ? - Tracked the ambulance to a restaurant that 's been abandoned since the blackout . Infrared 's catching four guys inside . You want in on the takedown ? Text me the address . [ Siren wailing ] [ Flosso ] If you care about your son , you will want to consider your next response very carefully . How many electron volts were generated ? CERN can generate up to 500 tera-electron volts . Am I in the ballpark ? You 're ... you 're thinking too small . We cracked the petra-electron volt barrier . You generated more than a quadrillion electron volts ? [ Man ] Break it down ! And what about tachyonic dark matter ? Did you find it ? We came close . [ Men shouting ] We found charge conjugation . It 's a breakdown in time symmetry . What do we got ? What do we got ? Clean this up . Get rid of them . [ Beeping ] Bomb ! Bomb was keyed to 842.3 megahertz . That 's the Bureau frequency . We came rolling in here , our radios triggered the explosive . - Not your everyday kidnappers . - No . They 're sending a clear message : " Don 't go where you aren 't invited . " " Don 't go to Pigeon , Utah . " " Don 't go to Washington , D.C. " But it occurs to me that , if Mark saw them in his vision , they saw him , too . Beginning on October 6th , they knew that you and Mark were at the center of this thing . How they plan on using that knowledge , that 's what we need to be thinking about . Oh , hey . You 're , uh ... Nicole 's friend from this afternoon . Bryce . We work together at the hospital . - Right . Is she feeling better ? - She 's better , actually . That 's ... that 's the reason that I 'm here to talk to you tonight . Look , she 's a great girl . And this whole thing , this religion thing ... I 'm not quite sure what you 're selling here . But I just wanna make sure she doesn 't get hurt . Well , I 'm not sure if you 'll believe me , Bryce , but I 'm not selling anything . I 'm just receiving a gift from God of a vision of myself on April 29th . What I saw opened me up to the idea that everyone 's purpose is to give and receive love . Simple as that . My job is to give that message to as many people as possible . No one ever got hurt getting a little more love into their life . What are you afraid of ? [ Car starting ] God has put us in this place , at this time , to do something ! God is breaking into human history in a way that 's never happened before ! And you , you are right at the center of everything ! Go to hell , Lloyd . [ Lloyd ] You 've every right to hate me , but ... [ Mark ] I don 't hate you . I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball when I came crashing through . [ Man grunting ] [ Simon ] Hey ! - Wait , wait , wait . - Word of advice . Next time , take the trigger finger . [ Gun fires ] [ Gun drops ] [ Man ] Bring it back ! [ Man 2 ] Check the VTL , see what we got on this car . I was afraid this was my only chance . How the hell did you find us ? You called me . We were talking on the phone together in our flash forwards . Now , it 's time for you to tell me everything . [ Man ] The painkiller I gave you should be taking effect . How are you feeling ? I 've been better . Well , that didn 't go quite as well as planned , did it ? I 'd give you the finger , but I 'm running out of ones to spare . I improvised . I had to . We weren 't getting any results . And we needed to direct suspicion away from you . I think we 've accomplished that for tonight , if nothing else . Forget it . I 'm done being your bitch . Really ? Then I suppose you won 't mind if I have a talk with the authorities about the man in this video . As of this moment , the world thinks you and Simcoe accidentally caused this blackout . What happens if they find out you were awake while it happened ? [ Woman ] " So we 'll go no more a-roving , so late into the night , though the heart be still as loving , and the moon be still as bright . For the sword outwears its sheath , and the soul wears out the breast , and the heart must pause to breathe , - and love itself ... " - She 'll be OK . - We all will . - [ Woman ] " ... night be made for loving . " I can 't believe Dad is gone . [ Woman ] " ... we 'll go no more a-roving , by the light of the moon . " OK , well , I have to take care of the funeral home . But I 'll meet you back at the house . I won 't be long . It 's all right . It 's all right . This isn 't the way to the funeral home . - You won 't be going there , Mr. Campos . - What are you talking about ? I have instructions to deliver you to the lakeside heliport . From there you will be airlifted to your final destination . I 'm in the middle of my father 's funeral . - What the hell is going on ? - I don 't know . I just drive . This ticket is yours . My boss will be contacting you . Go , team . [ Man on PA ] For Detroit , second baseman , number 17 , Richie Finkel ! [ Crowd cheering ] I 've just about had enough . Who the hell is this ? [ Man ] You don 't get to ask questions here . You 've been part of this since you were 13 . We 've given you a lot of leeway . In fact , we haven 't asked much of you over the years . Truth be told , you 've had it kind of easy . So now we want you to do exactly what we say . Get to your seat . We 're running out of time . Sit down . There 's a tub of popcorn in front of you . Start eating it . There 's a ring inside the box . Put it on . Put it on now . We 're running out of time . [ Man on PA ] Your attention , please . Now batting for Samuels , number nine , Rick Guthrie ! [ Jet approaching ] [ Phone ringing ] - Yeah ? - Now , listen to my instructions . Walk into the nearest tunnel . - Hello , Simon . - What the hell is going on ? Give me the ring back . Follow me . - [ Knocking on door ] - [ Olivia ] Mr. Campos ? I need you in bed , please . Now . - Do you know how often I hear that ? - Uh-huh . Sit . What 's taking so long ? I was ready to leave six hours ago . You came in with a concussion . So we needed to keep you in for observation . - Oh , Betty , I never knew you cared . - Betty ? My pediatrician growing up . You remind me of her . I had such a crush . Ready , sport ? Got your prescription filled at the pharmacy . Make sure you take all the doses . I do not need you as a bounce back . - Yes , Betty . - He is all yours . Hallelujah . The sheets are scratchy . The food is vile . I don 't like people watching me sleep . Is all this really necessary ? You were kidnapped and tortured . It 's for your own protection . Well , with all due respect , I can protect myself . With all due respect , you can 't . You are officially and indefinitely detained under investigation by the WMD Directorate within the FBI 's National Security Branch . - I volunteered my services . - And we appreciate that , but from now on , we own you . - Am I under arrest ? - I don 't know . - Have you broken any laws ? - Not unless it 's illegal to be kidnapped in front of your own son , beaten half to death and held captive , no . - Run me through ... - I got to hand it to him . He found them . The guy 's a loose cannon . Loose cannon or not , Mark managed to do what the rest of us couldn 't . - On his own . - Janis is bringing Campos back here - from the hospital . - When she does , start double-teaming these two , then compare their stories . [ Mark ] I 'm supposed to feel pity for you , Mr. Simcoe , but considering the circumstances , excuse me if I don 't . You 've known there was gonna be another blackout . Why didn 't you step forward ? I don 't know what you want me to tell you , Agent Benford . Let 's start with the truth . How about this ? Twenty million people died , possibly precipitated by something I did . I have a vision in which a drunk man tells me another blackout is coming . No further information , no context , no substantiation . Now you tell me , under the circumstances , - what do you expect me to do ? - How about contact the authorities , - give them a little heads-up ? - What , like you did ? Why didn 't you come in here and tell your colleagues there was gonna be another blackout ? - We 're talking about you here . - Fine . April 29th , the day of our visions , you called me . And considering where you were , you had to have had a damn good reason . I need to know your side of things , and right now , you 're not telling me everything . In fact , you 're not telling me anything . And no , technically , you 're not under arrest right now . - Good . Can I go then ? - The day 's not over yet . When can I see Lloyd ? I need to talk to him alone . Are you just not listening to me ? You 're not doing anything alone . - He 'll be in debriefings all day . - Well , can I go home first , at least ? Dude , you live in a hotel . It 's got this amazing shower that sprays water on you in all directions . And the towels ... white , fluffy , warm . Are you serious ? Does that crap actually work on women ? My attempt is not to seduce , but to disarm , - in the physics sense . - Oh . An unstable element transforms . I find that people are a little bit more honest when you disarm them . - What 's going on ? - I don 't know . Something 's weird ... There 's something weird . - Want some water or something ? - No , I 'm OK . - I 'm OK . - You 're definitely not OK . - Penicillin . - You 're allergic ? - Yeah . - OK . Help ! - Anaphylactic ... - OK . Help ! OK . Hold on . Hold on . [ Woman on PA ] Royal Toronto Flight 67 from London is now arriving at gate 122 . - Really ? - Wow . Did you really think you could leave the country without being noticed ? " Country " is such a loose term . It 's Canada . - Let 's go . - Where are we going ? Gate D-12 . They 're holding a flight back to LA . I 'm tired of being told what to do , when to do it , being ... Being treated like a criminal ? Get used to it . You can 't make me go with you . Yeah , you 're right . I can 't . But they can . Twenty-four hours in Toronto . That 's all I ask . I 'm sorry about earlier . Really , I am . But it 's important that I 'm here . More important than the global blackout ? Game over , Simon . There 's some personal stuff going on with my family . It 's important . There 's some things going on . Listen , I 'm really sorry your sister ran away . - I am , but we can 't let you leave . - How do you know about Anabelle ? Police reports . Your mom 's been writing to her in the personal sections of The Globe and Mail . You 're not the only one who 's good at their job . I said I would be here to help find her . Please . It 's important . - Wedeck . - It 's Janis , sir . I 've got him . Good . Now , you get that squirrelly SOB back here ASAP . Actually , I 'd like to take a beat on that . - [ Wedeck ] I 'm listening . - He says he 's here because of his sister , but I think there 's more to it than that . This is just a hunch , but can I take 24 hours to play it out ? I 'll give you the night . But you make damn sure you put a leash on that dog , do you hear me ? - [ Janis ] Yes . - Good . [ Beeping ] - It 's too tight . - Boo-hoo . - It 's uncomfortable . - Go further than 100 feet from me , and I 'll show you uncomfortable . OK , hurry up . Put your clothes on before I change my mind . You police types . All about power and intimidation . I could 've done this with my trousers on , you know ? Well , my intent was to destabilize . In the physics sense . - Hurry up . - [ Doorbell ringing ] - Baby ? Oh , my God ! - Hey . - What happened to you ? - I 'm OK . - You look awful . - Mom , this is my friend , Janis . - Janis , these are my brothers . - Hello . - Graham , Adam , what 's happening ? - You all right , man ? - I 'm good . - All right , movie star . You should see the other guy . I was so proud to learn that Simon had joined the FBI . - I expect he 's been very helpful . - [ Janis ] Yeah , he 's been very helpful . [ Phone ringing ] Hello ? Not now ! Reporters . Still calling every day . Camped out on the lawn after the press conference . My Simon . Such a celebrity . So are you his secretary ? - No . - More of , uh ... an associate . After their father died , Anabelle was in shock . A few days later , the blackout hit . She left a note . Too much sadness at home . Drove her away . I drove her away . That 's not true . Don 't be so magniloquent . I don 't understand half of what he says , but he is a love . Always looked out for his baby sister . Comes home every month to help us look for her . Were you close ? Yeah . She 's only 15 . I 'm gonna have a quick shower before we head out . - [ Janis ] Cool rocks . - There 's a story behind them . He had a hard time when we first moved here . He was small for his age , and the neighborhood boys used to pick on him because of his accent . Well , he was older , he never lost it . And one day , they cornered him in the alley and beat him up bad . The head bully went to Sunday school around the corner . Simon marched right into the church and smashed the back of the kid 's head with a Superman lunchbox . He 'd filled it with them rocks . Knocked the bully out cold . - Those boys never bothered him again . - I bet they didn 't . Simon 's always been a bit of an alien in this family . Smarter than all of us . Different . But there 's one thing he gets from me . One trait that tells me he 's definitely my son . [ Beeping ] Damn it ! That boy never lets anyone push him around . He always gets even . Phillip ? It 's me , Simon . I know you 're there . I brought some sardines for Samantha from that fish market she likes . I also have a first press 78 of Dark Is the Night , Cold Is the Ground . It 's Blind Willie Johnson , Phillip . Simon Campos . Where the hell did you find a first press 78 , eh ? [ Chuckles ] This song was sent into space in the Voyager spacecraft . If extraterrestrials ever actually listen to it , they 're gonna think we 're a lot cooler than we really are . Why are you here , Simon ? I see the Welsh archers have moved into their flanking position . Has Henry made his speech yet ? [ Chuckling ] Oh , yeah . " This story the good man shall teach his son , and Crispin Crispian shall ne 'er go by , from this day to the ending of the world , but we in it ... " [ both ] " We few , we happy few , we band of ... " " ... we band of brothers . " What ? I like Shakespeare . [ Janis ] Seriously ? Did you honestly think the FBI wasn 't gonna check your cell phone records ? So , what 's it been , like , ten calls he 's made to you in the past couple of weeks ? - Give or take . - Whatever it is you have to say , it 's got to be important enough for you to lie , manipulate and evade the FBI . So please continue . - That was quite a press conference . You might have set particle physics research back a hundred years . Phillip , you are the only professor I have ever had who I know is smarter than I am . Do you think a particle accelerator could have generated some sort of decoherence wave ? Well , if your experiment at NLAP unleashed a tachyon burst , then , yes , without a doubt it could have caused human consciousness to flash forward in time , as the wave moves through . [ Simon ] So tell me , how would we build something to keep us in the here and now ? - It 's impossible . - No , it 's got to be possible . We have to anchor consciousness if another wave happens . - It 's simply a matter of finding a way . - Simon ... We have to protect ourselves from the effects of another blackout . Now , there is nothing I can do about the 20 million who died on October 6th . Please . Help me save the millions who will die if this happens again . So , in plain English , what exactly were you two talking about ? The design that I created that showed up in Somalia , Phillip was my advisor on it . He mentored me all through my Ph.D. The man 's a genius . I need answers . Let 's just say the FBI doesn 't work at the speed I 'm accustomed to . Some might say that speaks to control issues . - Some might . Yeah . - My therapist says control issues are rooted in fear . Your therapist is right . This is a gray area , and it terrifies me . This is nice . I eat a lot of takeout ... at my desk . Alone . That 's sad , love . Pretty girl like you . - No boyfriend , no kids . - I 'll get that , Mom . - Thanks , love . - Got to watch that back . [ Groaning ] - Thank you . - You 're welcome . I don 't care about any big science job , or the fact that he 's all over the TV . He 's still my baby , you know . I remember kissing his scraped knees like it were yesterday . [ Doorbell rings ] Motherhood 's crazy like that . [ Doorbell rings ] Simon , be a dear and get that . It 's a surprise . Their Uncle Teddy . Uncle Teddy . Simon . When I heard you were kidnapped , I was so worried . Thank God you 're OK . It 's a wonderful Côtes du Rhône from Saint-Gervais . Teddy 's always bringing us exotic wines back from his travels . Easy now . There are only 15 more bottles on the planet . I 'm self-medicating . Um ... So are you two brother and sister ? Technically , I 'm a very distant cousin . - Teddy 's the reason we moved to Canada . - Really ? Actually , Simon 's the reason . Kid 's IQ scores were off the charts . Yet he was failing all his classes . Bored , obviously . I want to make sure his exceptional potential didn 't go to waste . He started at the University of Toronto when he was only 13 . And that was followed by the Youth Physics Fellowship , the Ph.D. , - the post-op at NLAP ... - Post-doc , not post-op . Can we dispense with the This Is Your Life episode , please ? I never took time out to have kids of my own . - They 're such blessings . - Do you regret it ? Nah . I 've got these guys . I could never repay what they 've given me . School plays , hockey games , birthday parties ... - Shut up . - Simon ! Everything I 've learned about family , I 've learned at this table . Pay no attention . This is all a charade . - What is your problem ? - It 's all right . Red wine makes him mean . His father was like that , too . How dare you bring him up ? You have no right to . You were brought here to witness an experiment that will change humanity for all time . An experiment that could not have been conducted without you . The only thing I 've worked on in the past year ... At NLAP . The experiment that occurred exactly one minute and 47 seconds ago . What have you done ? Probably killed millions of people . We expect backlash against those ultimately found responsible . What a coincidence that your father passed away just when we needed to create an alibi for you . Some kind of hunting accident , wasn 't it ? A private plane will take you back to Toronto now . The FAA will not have a record of the flight . One more thing . When people ask you what you saw in your flash forward , make up a story and stick to it . - Hear that ? - [ Distant shouting , screaming ] That is the sound of the whole world waking up . [ Distant sirens ] Mr. Flosso has a plan for every thought you 're thinking . A hunting accident ? Got to be careful with those shotguns . - Handle them wrong , kaboom ! - You killed him . You killed my father . [ Grunting ] [ Gasping ] [ Neck snaps ] Now , I got my killer story . [ Phone ringing ] Hello ? Oh , my God ! Come quick ! It 's your sister , Anabelle . - No way . - Where is she ? Simon . That call . It 's not for you . This is FBI Agent Janis Hawk . Badge number 309817 . - I need to trace a call . - [ Anabelle ] Everyone , hi , I 'm OK . Where are you , baby ? [ Anabelle ] I 'm in New York at Port Authority . I have a bus ticket . I want to come home . I want to come home . - I love you . - Why are you doing this ? You 've been accepting our help for 20 years . Surely , you didn 't think that came without a price . You asked me to give you data . To tell you when we were running the experiment , that 's all . Killing my father , taking Anabelle , that was never part of the deal . The deal is whatever we say it is . And right now , we need you to cooperate . Anabelle is just insurance . Let 's go for a little walk , shall we ? It was the ring that kept me awake , wasn 't it ? Some sort of quantum entanglement device . What do I know ? I 'm just a middleman . I think you do know . What I 'm still trying to work out is why you would cause a blackout in the first place . It doesn 't matter . What does is that you continue doing what you 're told . And don 't think your professor can help . - You killed him . - This is your last warning . Cross us again and we 'll start shipping Anabelle back to you piece by piece . No . I 'm calling your bluff . You need me . Otherwise , I wouldn 't be alive right now . I want to talk to the people pulling the strings . That 's not gonna happen . You see , I think it will , because I 'm sending them a message . - And the message ... is you . - [ Flosso coughing ] [ Gasping ] You have no idea what you 're doing ! Sure , I do . I 'm cutting out the middleman . Too bad about your emphysema . It 's gonna make this oh , so easy . Your cardiac output is starving your heart and brain of valuable oxygen . Finally cardiac arrest . The bruises on your chest , just my futile attempt at CPR . This is for my father , you pathetic son of a bitch . I never get pushed around . And I always get even . [ Thunder crashing ]
