 [ Wedeck ] On October 6th , the planet blacked out for two minutes and 17 seconds . The whole world saw the future . I moved out of the house . Olivia and me , we 're struggling . Daddy and I love each other very much . But most of all , we love you . I need to know exactly what you saw in your flash forward . I wrote a formula on your bedroom mirror , and I think it relates somehow to the global blackout . You tell me what I need to know , and you can walk out of here right now . - Who are you ? - You don 't want to know - the answer to that question . - You , Agent Benford , you will kill Agent Noh on March 15th with the gun you 're carrying right now . I filed the paperwork to destroy the gun . The box is here , but the gun is gone . [ Wedeck ] Dyson Frost shot a homeless man with Mark 's gun . Vreede , I want you to find that gun . I think you know more than you 've told the FBI , and what you do know is somehow related to Demetri 's death . Want to get married tomorrow ? Then we get on a plane . We go to Hawaii . - Maybe we don 't ever come home . - [ Grunting ] - Dyson Frost , where are we ? - [ Mark ] We 're closing in , but he 's always one step ahead of us . [ Dyson ] Agent Benford ? Dyson Frost . I was anxious about coming in , but it 's time we talk . I 'll be in touch . Hello , Charlie . [ Ragged breathing ] [ Mark ] OK , Charlie-bear , we need you to tell us what he looked like . He was tall . [ Mark ] And do you remember what he was wearing ? A jacket . - [ Janis ] And what color was it ? - I don 't know . [ Janis ] Did he have glasses or a watch or anything like that ? I don 't know . It 's OK , sweetie . It 's OK . We wouldn 't be asking you if it wasn 't important . What you say could help us find Demetri . She knows that , Mark . She 's trying . [ Wedeck ] Charlie , you 're doing really good . You know , sometimes closing our eyes helps us remember more . You want to do that with me ? Good . Come on . - [ Wedeck ] What do you see now ? - He knew my name . Hello , Charlie . [ Charlie ] But I didn 't know who he was . They make a mean cotton candy here , don 't they ? I 'm not supposed to talk to strangers . Oh , well , I 'm not a stranger . If I were a stranger , would I know your name ? I work with your daddy , and I hear that you 're a big reader . - Do you like Dr. Seuss ? - Yeah . Me , too . You know , my favorite is One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish . That one is for little kids . [ Chuckling ] Well , maybe . You know , even grownups can learn from that book , 'cause Dr. Seuss has all the answers . - I like Horton . - Horton ? That 's a good one , too . I mean , Horton 's a trouper . Had faith to carry his mission through to the end even when others doubted him . You know , Charlie , I need you to do something for me . I want you to give this to your daddy . Now , it 's very important . OK ? Bye-bye . [ Wedeck ] And then what happened ? Then he left . - We should get going . - We 're done , right ? You did great . We 're so proud of you . [ Door opening ] Sorry I didn 't know all the answers , Daddy . What are you talking about ? Come here . You were fantastico . - [ Giggling ] - Hey , you were a great help . - We should go . - [ Sighing ] - It was good to see you . - Yeah . [ Clearing throat ] - Thank you for coming in , Charlie . - You 're welcome . You know , Charlie , there 's one more thing you could do for me . I have this jar of jelly beans on my desk , and I hate jelly beans . I know you probably hate jelly beans , too . - I don 't hate jelly beans . - You don 't hate jelly beans ? Really ? Why don 't you come help me out then ? - [ Chuckling ] Help him out . - Come on and help me out , then we 'll be right back . So , what 's your favorite kind ? - [ Charlie ] I like the green ones . - That was fast . - She got so big . - Yeah . She seems OK though , right ? I think so . I mean , as far as you can tell what 's going on inside the mind of a six-year-old . She needs to talk to someone . I really don 't want that , Mark . Well , look , we have a child psychologist that works here . - Why not call her ? - ' Cause she doesn 't need therapy . She needs stability . She needs to feel protected . She needs to know there aren 't going to be scary men asking her to deliver messages to her dad . She thinks you 're gonna die , Mark . Look ! He let me have all the green ones . - Wow . - Yes , he did . - Do you want one ? - Yeah . - Can Mommy have one ? - Yeah . No , thank you . Let 's go , sweetie . [ Zoey ] Zoey Andata to see Alda Hertzog . [ Sighing ] [ Woman over PA ] Officer Stillman to cellblock D. - Officer Stillman to cellblock D. - [ Door buzzing ] Alda , it 's March 15th , the day that Demetri 's supposed to die , and he 's gone missing . Maybe he 's just in Cabo with his new girlfriend . Alda , shut up . I need you to tell me everything that you know . Everything . Right now . - I already have . - I don 't believe you . The only reason that I agreed to represent you is because you said there was more . I know that you don 't care if Demetri lives or if he dies . But I think that you do care about getting the hell out of here . Alda , we made a deal . If you know anything ... Please . Get me a hearing and we 'll talk . I 've been held here for five months as a material witness , and I haven 't been charged with crap . - I 'm sick of it . - I know . I applied for a habeas hearing a month ago . You know this . We are just waiting for a court date . Guess you should try to expedite things . There is no way that we would ever be able to get a hearing today . And even if we could , there 's no judge that would be able to release you in time . Who said anything about being released ? You want me to tell you what I know about Demetri ? Get me a hearing today . [ Wedeck ] Mark 's gonna meet Frost in Union Station like the drawing said , but I want him covered . We 'll pick him up on the way out . - It 's not gonna be that easy . - All the trains are stopped . - He won 't be able to get out . - Frost is a genius , a planner . He 's not gonna walk into what he knows is a trap . [ Wedeck ] What do you got on the painting Frost used to send his message ? Oedipus and the Sphinx by Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres , 1808 . Is Frost trying to tell us something with that ? It 's a bit of a stretch . Well , he may be crazy , but he 's deliberate . Could be meaning in everything he does . Why a carnival ? Why Dr. Seuss ? Why Oedipus ? - He 's in love with his mother ? - [ Scoffing ] Right . That , and maybe he 's trying to tell us something about self-fulfilling prophecy . By trying to escape his fate , Oedipus set into motion the very events he wanted to avoid . So by trying not to get shot on March 15th , - Dem just walked into Frost 's trap ? - [ Mark ] Something like that , yeah . How do you know that by trying to rescue him , we 're not gonna do the same thing and end up sealing his fate ? I don 't . [ Mark ] But I promised Demetri he wasn 't going to die today , and I 'm keeping that promise . [ Steady electronic beeping ] [ Ragged breathing ] [ Electronic whirring ] [ Beeping grows faster ] [ Alarms beeping rapidly ] [ Beeping slows ] [ Hellinger ] The man you 're about to meet , he 's brilliant but a little eccentric . We had to fake his death a while back to remove him from the public eye , and he 's been - difficult ever since . - So why rely on him ? There are only a few people on earth who understand the physics involved in all this . He 's one of them . Just know that if he gets too unmanageable , we may ask you to take care of him . Say the word and consider it done . That 's what I like about you , Alda . Clean , efficient and eager to please . Careful of the dominos . Who 's your friend , Hellinger ? Alda Hertzog , this is Dyson Frost . Dyson helped us engineer the Raven River Experiments . Helped you ? [ chuckling ] - I created them . - In any event , he 's one of the few remaining participants still alive . So ... how are we doing ? Are we still on schedule ? October 6th . I 've set up global monitoring stations to track the waveform 's propagation . So if Simcoe and Campos find their dark matter , then we 're on our way . Is the QED ready ? The first one is . The rest will take a bit more time . That 's astounding . It 's hard to imagine you 're able to fit that much microcircuitry into such a small space . Well , I 'm brilliant , right ? [ Hellinger ] ... only a few people on earth who understand the physics involved in all this . He 's one of them . Just know that if he gets too unmanageable , we may ask you to take care of him . I promise you that when the time comes , I 'll be half a dozen moves ahead of you . Well , let 's hope that time doesn 't come , then . You can go now . [ Sighing ] I just have to ask ... What 's with all the dominos ? This is my garden . And the white ones chart the path of my escape . [ Chuckling ] That makes no sense at all . It does if you live in my head . - [ Door opening ] - [ Dyson ] Careful . You move too much , the gun will fire . I call it the garden of forking paths . [ Dyson ] All those lines , they 're futures that branch off of each critical decision I made . For me it started back in the ' 80s . A place called Raven River . We engineered hundreds , even thousands of flash forwards . Sometimes we jumped 20 minutes . Sometimes we jumped 20 years . But every time we jumped , we saw a different possible future . Take the day of the blackout . Had we failed , a different path would have opened up . We succeeded , so we move on to the next decision point . A new path , which brings us to today , March 15th , the most important fork of all . - What , my murder ? - No . Our murder . You see , the thing is , Demetri , in almost every future , I don 't live past today . Seventy-eight percent of the time , you end up killing me . - Why ? - Self-defense , stupidity , bad luck . I could construct a hundred scenarios . The point is , once we 've glimpsed it , the future wants to happen . It gains weight . It 's like atmospheric pressure bearing down . And if we want to escape that pressure , we have to do something drastic . Why the death trap ? Why don 't you just kill me now ? Why even bother using Mark 's gun ? I 'm attempting to conform to the predicted future as closely as I can while still allowing for the possibility that we both might live . I want to come in from the cold , and you 're my insurance . Well , that makes me feel better . Two birds , one gun . You 're insane . Most oracles are , you know ? They see the future , and the knowledge ends up destroying them . Well , I 'm going now . This is ridiculous . You said you want to come in from the cold , you want to share what you know . Come on . Come in from the cold ! - Share what you know ! - [ Beeping increases ] - Careful . - [ Beeping slows ] I don 't know what 's gonna happen , Demetri . But in all likelihood , one of us will die today . Come on . Come back . Doesn 't have to work out this way , man . - [ Beeping increases ] - You hear me ? ! You come back ! [ Beeping slows ] [ Indistinct chatter over PA ] [ Indistinct chatter ] [ Wedeck ] Bishop one , how 's it going ? We cloned the station 's CCTVs for maximum coverage . But so far , no sign of Frost . Just make sure you don 't spook him . [ Janis ] We 're being discreet , sir . I promise . [ Man over PA ] Last call . This is your last call for the number two train departing from track ten . Last call for the number two train . [ Janis ] Bishop one , this is bishop four . I see a white male in a green army jacket , approaching kingmaker . [ Man over PA ] Announcing a track change for train number seven . Now arriving on track three . Train number seven arriving at track three . [ Janis ] Disregard . He 's moving on . Well , that was the fastest cholecystectomy I 've ever seen . Trying to catch up . I got a late start and a board full of elective cases . [ Olivia ] Hey , Maneesh , what inhaled anesthetic did you use ? - Sevoflurane . - Does anyone use halothane anymore ? In developing countries maybe , but here it 's been replaced by newer agents . So ... why the sudden interest in old-school anesthesia ? Oh , it 's complicated . There 's this formula that Lloyd showed me . Lloyd ? Lloyd Simcoe ? Yeah . He thinks it has something to do with the blackout . So you 're talking to him again . Anyway , he thinks the formula for halothane has something to do with it . - Interesting . - Yeah . Can you meet me in the PICU ? - I need to cannulate a kid for ECMO . - Yeah . I knew you 'd get a same day hearing if you put your mind to it . [ Man ] Hold here , please . Is appendicitis supposed to hurt on the right or the left ? Alda , please . I could get disbarred for this . Lost job , dead boyfriend . Hard choice . You arrange for all these extra marshals ? - You must think I 'm a big cheese . - Don 't flatter yourself , sweetheart . This is standard procedure for all of my lying , psychopathic clients . So just stay quiet and follow my lead . I 'll be good . I promise . Dr. Benford ? What 's happened ? Is Mark OK ? I need to talk to you about a murder . As a part of the investigation into Dem 's disappearance , we 're looking into the shooting of a homeless man in a shelter downtown . He didn 't have any formal ID on him . What does this have to do with Demetri ? Mark 's gun was used in that murder , and we have reason to believe that the man who took Demetri - has that gun now . - OK . We were hoping that if we could ID the guy , we might uncover a connection to Frost that would lead us to him . So once you find Frost , you 'll find Demetri . Right . I went through the victim 's stuff and found a disposable cell phone . The phone had an old text message sent to your number . My number ? Why would he possibly have my number ? Well , it was from October . The contents were sensitive . It said , " Mark was drinking in his flash forward . " Would you mind coming down to the morgue and taking a look at the body ? You must know this man somehow . Yeah , I 'm sure I don 't . Well , he knew you , and anything you know could help Demetri . Let me change . [ Janis ] All bishops , I have an African American boy , blue shirt , Superman backpack , approaching kingmaker . Are you Mark Benford ? That 's right . Some weird guy paid me $ 50 to give you this . [ Janis ] Something 's going down . Bishop five , pick up that kid outside the west entrance for questioning . [ Man ] Bishop five , 10-4 . [ Phone ringing ] Yeah ? [ Dyson ] Don 't speak . I know they 're watching you . But they can 't hear what I 'm saying , so just listen . I 've got Demetri , and I 'll kill him if you don 't do exactly what I say . Crank it up . All I hear is ambient noise . I want to come in , and I can tell you when and why the next blackout will occur . I want to help you , but because I 've parted ways with my associates , they 're gonna do anything to ensure that you don 't bring me into custody . - Listen , we can protect you . - Don 't speak ! You speak again , and Demetri 's dead . - If you understand , say , " Figueroa . " - Figueroa . He just said " Figueroa . " It could be Figueroa Street in Downtown LA . That should misdirect your friends a bit . Now , I 'm gonna direct you to a new location where we 'll meet face-to-face and discuss the terms of my surrender . When I hang up the phone , this is what you 're gonna do . All right , people . I want a tap on that cell phone now ! We 're scanning frequencies , sir , but there are just too many in the station . [ Janis ] Mark can draw him out , sir . We just need to give him some time . [ Wedeck ] Time is the one thing we don 't have . [ Dyson ] Now , Mark , if all my directions are understood , - say , " Pico . " - Pico . He said Pico and Figueroa . All right . I want two SWAT teams to the intersection of Pico and Figueroa . Perfect . And that number that I jotted down on the back of the Polaroid ? Set your watch to count back from it . [ Beeping ] Now you know how long Demetri has left to live . Start running , Mark . We 'll see each other soon . - [ Wedeck ] What 's he doing ? - [ man ] Where 's he going ? - [ man 2 ] All eyes on Benford . - [ man 3 ] Leaving the concourse . - We can 't lose him . - Go ! [ Dyson ] Remember these instructions . Run to the men 's room . Throw the phone away . If you bring a weapon , Demetri will die . There 's a panel . Inside , you 'll find a Zoomcar access card . - He 's not here . - [ Janis ] What the hell is he doing ? [ Ringing ] - I 'm here . - [ Dyson ] Start driving north . I 'll give you directions on the way . [ Tires squealing ] - [ Wedeck ] What the hell is going on ? - He 's running . Your Honor , it is imperative to Ms. Hertzog 's well-being that the Metropolitan Detention Center order a CAT scan on her clearly distended and painful abdomen . Ms. Andata , the doctor on call at MDC examined Ms. Hertzog not once but twice . - Isn 't that right ? - Yes , that is correct , but ... And he 's found no evidence of appendicitis in either examination . Correct me if I 'm misreading the records . - No , Judge Sandoz . - I am misreading things ? I 'm sorry . That 's not what I meant . But appendicitis is responsible for over 20,000 deaths - in the United States alone ... - That 's some very nice research . But I 'm afraid it 's not relevant to your motion , which is hereby denied . And , Ms. Andata , I suggest you think twice before you bring another frivolous claim into my courtroom . I will impose sanctions on attorneys who abuse the process . Understood , Your Honor . Thank you . [ Banging gavel ] - I 'm sorry . - Don 't look so worried . - I didn 't say we had to win . - Then tell me . Where 's Demetri ? I don 't know . But in my flash forward , I heard they found his body in building seven . Building seven ? What does that even mean ? - That 's all I know . - What am I supposed to do with that ? You 're a smart girl . I 'm sure you 'll figure something out . But right now I 've got somewhere else I need to be . [ Yelling ] [ Alarm sounding ] Got a breach in holding cell four . We got a breach in holding cell four . [ Dyson ] All right , Mark . If you want to save Demetri , you 're gonna have to come to me alone . Head north on highway 57 into the Antelope Valley . At the 31st mile marker , you 're gonna turn right on an unmarked dirt road . Follow the road five miles till it comes to an end . I left a compass for you in the glove compartment . Get a bearing north and start walking towards the Tehachapi Mountains for one mile . If you make any outgoing calls , or if anyone follows you , Demetri will die . No dental records , no identifying scars . Even his fingerprints were scrubbed off . Scrubbed off ? This guy definitely did not want to be identified . Come on , man . Throw us a bone . Is there anything distinct here or unusual ? - Demetri is running out of time . - Well , there is this . Look at the limbic system . Huge hippocampus . I 'm thinking our John Doe could have been some kind of ... [ together ] ... savant . Savants can develop an enlarged hippocampus related to their incredible memory capacity . - Like a Rain Man sort of thing ? - Exactly . Yeah , no , I 'm sorry . I 've never seen this man in my life . - You sure ? - Hm-hm . Well , there 's a box of stuff we found under his bed in the shelter . It had an address book in it . Perhaps there 's something in there that 'll explain his connection to you . I 'd do anything to help Demetri , but I 'm not connected to him . Olivia , you are . You just don 't know how . [ Panting ] So here we are again , Mark . Time for you and me to save the world . [ Pulls hammer back ] You got my messages and followed the instructions . - I 'm impressed . - So I 'm flattered . Where 's Demetri ? Most of my associates wanted you dead months ago . But I resisted because I wanted to see things through to this day . - Why me ? - I don 't trust the rest of the FBI . - Nor should you . - We found a mole . And you think that makes you safe ? You have no idea . Here . Put those on , and we 'll talk . - Mind if I have a little water first ? - Be my guest . At this point , it 's Demetri 's minutes you 're burning . - [ Grunting ] - [ Gunshot ] Gasoline ! It burns ! - Siphoned from the gas tank . - Ah ! Get up ! No more games , Frost . Where 's Demetri ? This is not the way it was supposed to play out ! - Yeah , building seven . - [ Janis ] That 's it ? There 's gotta be at least a million building sevens in all of Los Angeles , and how do we even know it is Los Angeles ? - I 'll run it through the system . - Alda could be lying . Demetri told me . He warned me about ... Zoey , stop . Sit , please . I 'm gonna have Janis flag every building seven in the vicinity of your house , the FBI and the wedding chapel . We 'll start there , and we 'll keep sweeping until we find him . How ? How could you possibly do that in time ? We have the most sophisticated search technology in the world and a team of agents who won 't quit until he 's back safely . We 're gonna find him . Listen to me ! I 'm tired of playing around , Frost ! Where 's Demetri ? You already know where he is ! I gave Charlie all the answers ! You gave my Charlie the answers ? ! What the hell are you talking about ? Get up . Get up . Get up ! Start walking . We 're running out of time . I know ! The whole world is ! Quiet . Walk ! But in the end , you 're gonna be saved by the lady you see every day . What are you talking about ? What ? Start walking . Listen ! Listen carefully to what I 'm about to tell you . Move ! - Someone followed you here . - No one followed me . [ Grunting ] Not today , Mark . [ Coughing ] - [ Groaning ] - Shh , shh ... [ engine revving ] Stay with me , Frost . All right ? Stay with me . You gotta tell me where Demetri is . What 's going on , Frost ? What 's this all about ? What are you doing ? I did what I did ... for a reason . How do I stop this ? What do I need to know ? Tell me where Demetri is . Stay with me , Frost , all right ? Stay with me . You gotta tell me where Demetri is ! When 's the next blackout ? When ? I need Frost 's car . Demetri ! Damn it ! [ Beeping ] Damn it . Where have you been , Frost ? Oedipus and the Sphinx by Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres . Ingres . [ Female voice ] Proceed to the highlighted route . So , what brings you guys to the neuroscience center ? Well , Dr. Ebbing , we 're investigating the murder of a homeless man in a shelter downtown . We found something of yours among the victim 's belongings - when he died . - My address book . Obviously , stolen from my office . We think the guy may have been a savant . Perhaps he was one of your patients . Uh ... It 's possible . He doesn 't look familiar . Savants are referred to me from all over the country , and any number of them have eidetic skills . That 's photographic memory . Some of my patients are like human video cameras . They 're compelled to record staggering quantities of information : Phone books , encyclopedias , the entire Sunday New York Times . So any one of your patients could have lifted this phone book . Exactly . There 's no one particular person who maybe stands out as a candidate ? Sorry . - You 're a trauma surgeon ? - Yeah . Savants , not your usual terrain , are they ? I guess I 'm branching out . [ Female voice ] Turn left ahead . You have arrived at your destination . [ Beeping ] Demetri ! Demetri ! [ Wedeck ] Any luck finding Mark ? [ Janis ] GPS request just came in from Antelope Valley . It is possible that we could get a lead on where he was going . - Do they have data ? - We 're waiting on that . - Why the hell ... - I 'm trying ! It 's not our satellite ! - Come on , come on ! - [ Beeping ] - Yes ! - [ ringing ] [ Phone ringing ] - Wedeck . - [ Mark ] No time for explanations . I 'm at an abandoned Army depot 46 miles northeast of Antelope Valley . I 'm standing in front of two dozen or so warehouses . Dem 's inside one of them . If i don 't find him in three minutes , he 's dead . - Oh , my God . - [ Wedeck ] Mark . - Building seven . - Building seven . - Seven ? How 'd you know ? - Alda Hertzog told me it was a very important piece of information . None of these buildings have numbers on ' em ! - Yes , they do . - What ? Rooftops . Mark , where are you ? I 'm three buildings up from the south end of the complex . OK , they numbered them evenlodd . It 's the fourth building on the right . Get an ambulance just in case . Demetri ! - Mark ? - Demetri ! Are you alone ? - I 'm alone . - Talk to me . Talk to me . - What 's going on ? - OK . - What is this ? - There 's a rig with your gun , and it 's pointed at me . I can 't move . You got about two minutes and change to do something . - Easy . - All right . Garage door auto-firing pistol . Easy . There 's wires around the barrel , sensors . You monkey with any of that stuff or try to put anything - between me and the gun and ... - It fires . - Right . - [ Panting ] It fires . All right . [ Demetri ] OK . All right . What are you doing ? I 'm gonna push back against the trigger mechanism to see if I can try to ... - Try to do what ? - I can 't stop the timer , but maybe I can move the gun . This is it . This is it . My hand . My gun . Just like Nhadra said . Eighty-five seconds . No pressure . One , two , red and blue . - Tell Zoey ... Tell Zoey I love her . - Tell her yourself . Frost said Charlie gave me all the answers . " One fish two fish red fish blue fish . " " One fish two fish red fish blue fish . " Is that Dr ... Is that Dr. Seuss ? One , two , red , blue . If I pull the wires in that order , maybe I could try to disengage the gun . Mark . Whichever way this goes , no regrets , OK ? No looking back . No regrets . No regrets . [ Both exhaling ] It 's gonna work . If I can just move the gun . Come on . Come on . - [ Beeping increases ] - [ Mark ] Come on , come on . [ Chuckling ] Sloppy work , buddy . - Bleeding all over yourself . - I 'm just having an off day . - You OK ? - I 'm friggin ' great . Yeah , you should be . It 's March 15th , and you lived . Frost said he saw different futures . Whoa . [ Demetri ] His map of the future . He called it his garden of forking paths . You think it 's safe to stand now ? Well , only one way to find out . Stay low . On the count of three . One , two , three . [ Rumbling ] You gotta be kidding me . Oh , no . Oh , no , no . Gotta love this guy . Even in death , he manages to screw us . Good thing Mark saved the day , since all we found was a phone book . - Hi there . Can I get a small ... - Small soy latte , no foam , extra shot , half sugar , half aspartame . OK , now you say your thing . Say it . Say the thing you were gonna say . You say ... - How do you know my coffee order ? - Yeah , that 's what you say . I say I have stood behind you in this line many times . You always order the same way . No , I 've never ordered from this cart before . I have stood behind you here in this line , on this day , many , many times . And you always order the same way . My name is Gabriel . You deserve a break today . - OK , hi . - Yeah . My name is Gabriel . - Come on , buddy . - Don 't touch this . You can 't touch . - Let 's just ... - Yeah . It 's about the Raven River Experiments . What experiments ? That 's what my friend wanted to talk to you about , only he 's dead now , - and it 's up to me . - What friend ? My friend . He 's dead , although technically he 's still my friend . - He texted you . - What do you know about the text ? The flash forwards . The blackout . Sir , I think you need to come and talk to us . No , you don 't say that . You never say that . Can 't touch this ! Can 't touch this ! Can 't touch this ! - Just a few questions . - The dominos are falling , Olivia . [ Sirens wailing ] You got through the day . - Boss . - What was all this ? This ? This could have been the break we needed , the key to the Mosaic investigation . Frost 's personal road map of the future . According to Demetri , the guy had hundreds of flash forwards . So this crazy-ass map charted all the moments he saw - leading up to today and beyond . - What do you mean ? There were events on here that occurred after April 29th . - You remember any of them ? - Hm-hm . A few . One stood out , though . It was all the way up by the top . The furthest one from today . All the other various branches seemed to lead to it . December 12th , 2016 . And after the date it just said " the end . " The end of what ?
