 RUSH : I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature ofDestiny 's mission . ELI : You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . YOUNG : I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . YOUNG : There is no mission other than getting these people home . RUSH : It was never about going home , it 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . SCOTT : And this is Varro , one of our remaining Alliance guests . I haven 't seen you in a while . Your kidneys are failing . End-stage renal disease . The only other option for treatment would be a transplant . He won 't reject it . Great , no pressure . JOHANSEN : There might be a little infection setting in there . I 'm fine . - Eli , what the hell did you do ? - Goodbye . I transferred the memory where they were stored into quarantine . They 're cut off from the rest of the ship now , and us . That 's what I did . To save you . SCOTT : Wow . Space deer . PARK : They 're beautiful . GREER : They 're going to look even more beautiful slow-roasted and served up with a side of Becker 's mash . You 're not serious . Uh ... And how exactly would you cook ' em ? - I wouldn 't . I 'm a vegetarian . - No . For the past 10 months , we have all been vegetarian . I am dying for a steak . I could use a steak . No , you guys can 't kill those creatures , and this has nothing to do with being a vegetarian . I mean , we don 't know anything about them . They could be intelligent . We just saw one of them eat its own vomit . How smart can they be ? Guys ! I could use some help over here . Okay , look , I 'll tell you what , if they can give me one good reason why I shouldn 't eat them , I won 't , but it better be a good one , because I am mighty hungry . - Lieutenant ? - SCOTT : Let 's do it . Not cool . - Want me to take it ? - No . No . I got it . - Damn ! - What the heck happened ? Something must 've spooked them . We 've got plenty of time . Want to go after ' em ? Hell , yeah . ( CREATURE SNARLING ) - What was that ? - Hang on . ( BEEPING ) ( GRUNTING ) SCOTT : Shoot ! Shoot it ! SCOTT : Shoot it ! ( CREATURE GROWLING ) It 's heading for the camp ! By the time we got there , it was gone . Was anybody hurt ? No fatalities , but plenty of injuries , and two missing . Reynolds and T.J. - Permission to go after them , sir . - Permission denied . Sir , I know things may look bad , but there is still a chance that T.J. And Reynolds could be alive down there . Which is why we need to find them as fast as possible . I 'm going to need you here , Lieutenant . While I 'm gone , you 're in charge . You got a problem with that ? ( SIGHS ) No , sir . Hey ! What are you doing ? Checking to see what 's inside . Why , what does it look like I 'm doing ? Come on . ELI : I thought the whole point of exploring unexplored sections of the ship was to , well , explore them . - We are . - Yeah ? Not really . Well , what can I say ? Rush wants us to take a cautious approach . Who cares what Rush thinks ? He 's not our boss . ( SCOFFS ) You tell him that . - I will . - No , you won 't . - I am not afraid of him . - Afraid of whom ? " Who . " I think it 's " who . " " Afraid of who . " Afraid not . Hey , what 've we got here ? This is one of the last rooms in this section . I 'm guessing more Ancient containers . I want to see them rescued as much as anyone , but we have to consider the possibility that they may already be dead . We swept the area . If they were dead , why didn 't we find the bodies ? Maybe the creature dragged them away , took them somewhere it wouldn 't be disturbed . Neither of them are responding to radio communications . Maybe they 're unconscious , or their radios were lost or damaged , I don 't know . All I 'm saying is we can hope for the best as long as we 're prepared for the worst . You 're right . Why don 't you guys meet us at the gate ? You mind telling me what happened back there on the planet ? You had the shot , you didn 't take it . Why not ? I don 't know . If it 's a moment of indecision just one of those things , then you can drop it , but if there is a problem , you need to find out what it is , and you need to fix it . Fast . Yes , sir . - Stasis pods ? - Yeah . Obviously designed for lengthy intergalactic journeys . We 've got multiple rooms exactly like this one , going both ways . It 's fascinating . That 's a bit of an understatement . This is huge . Agreed . Okay , let 's leave it for now . Let 's go . What ? You can 't be serious . Well , given recent events , it may be wise to check over the ship 's data on this compartment before proceeding . Sergeant , hold up . I think we lost its trail . - We should double back . - Well , we need to keep moving forward . Well , not if we 're headed the wrong way . Back the way we came is the wrong way . We keep moving forward , we 'll pick up the trail again . Trust me . All right , you guys check out the area , see if you can spot any tracks . Sergeant . What 's up ? We 're up against the clock here , sir . Which is why we can 't afford to make any more mistakes . Listen to me , I know this is tearing you apart , but what 's done is done . And you let guilt start dictating your actions , you 're just asking for trouble . I don 't know , maybe you needed more time to recuperate after surgery . I 'm fine , sir . Then get your head on straight . James , Marsden ... Any updates from the planet ? They 've lost the trail , so they 're doubling back . I 'd like to volunteer to help with this rescue op . Well , much appreciated , but Colonel Young and his team are more than capable of seeing this through . With all due respect , no , they 're not . They have the training , but they lack the necessary experience . Me and my people have been hunting most of our lives . We can track this animal for you . We can do it better , faster than anyone you 've got down there on the ground right now . When this is over , you 're gonna wanna know that you did everything in your power to save them . Right ? Well , it happened so fast . One minute I was helping to catalog plant samples , and the next I was on the ground and everyone was screaming . Hey . I just heard . Come to check up on us , huh ? Yeah . Yeah , I came to check up on you both . - How are you ? - In constant pain . I think my ankle 's broken . Every time I move ... Well , hang in there . How about you ? According to the medical scan , a cracked rib . Ha ! I should be so lucky . How do you ... How do you treat a cracked rib ? You don 't . Speaking from personal experience , snowboarding accident , you just take it easy . It 'll heal itself in about a month . In a month ? Okay . Is there anything you need ? Anything I can do ? Yeah , could you take off my sock ? - Are you serious , dude ? - My foot 's swelling up ! I 'll get that for you . - Thanks for coming by . - Yeah , it was nothing . Rush had me up on the bridge running diagnostics . I really appreciate it . Yeah , no , I just wanted to make sure you were all right . ( RUSTLING ) REYNOLDS : Lieutenant ? Lieutenant ! Oh , thank God . ( GROANS ) ( EX CLAIMS ) - Where are we ? - I don 't know . How did we get here ? The thing that attacked the camp , it took us here . We must 've lost our sidearms in the commotion . Your radio , too . Here , I 've got mine , but it 's damaged . We have to get out of here . I can 't put any weight on my leg . I think it might be broken . ( EX CLAIMING ) It could just be a fracture . Hang tight . If this thing wanted to kill us , we 'd be dead already . So I figure that 's a good thing , right ? It wants us alive . It 's saving us . Saving us ? From what ? Not from anything . It 's saving us for later . - I don 't like it . - Yeah , well , you don 't have to like it , just pretend you do , at least until we get our people back . Here they come . It 's about time . We just wanted to check out the campsite . - We appreciate your help . - Don 't mention it . We 're all in this together , right ? The fact that there 's no significant blood at the campsite is a good sign . It suggests the creature wanted them alive . Why ? Probably likes its meat fresh . Which means we 've got to move quickly . The sooner we locate them , the better , because this rescue op has the potential to turn into a recovery mission real fast . - Looks like it 's going to get dark soon . - Here ! Partial print there and there , heading off in that direction . You know , we finally unseal a new section , make the biggest discovery aboard this ship since the bridge , and now we 're supposed to ignore it because Rush says so ? Man wants to be cautious . Since when is Rush cautious ? Well , I guess having your consciousness trapped in a simulation will do that to you . - Screw this . - Where you going ? To check out the stasis pods . And don 't tell on me , all right ? Wait for me . - Wait , wait , wait . Where are you going ? - Relax , Corporal . - How does it look ? - Not good . That thing is still down there . It 's guarding its lair , and you 're in no condition to make a run for it . Look , Lieutenant , please , I know you 'd stand a better chance out there without me , but I need ... Listen ! I 'm not leaving you behind , and when the time comes , I am going to need your help . So I need you to calm down . You need to get it together , okay ? - Can you do that ? - Yeah . Yeah . Okay . Oh , hey . I 'm just on my way to the mess . Can I get you anything ? No , I 'm good , thank you . Hey , how 's the search going ? I don 't know . I haven 't heard anything since Varro and his team went down . - Let us hope that makes a difference . - Yeah . It 's times like these that really make you appreciate what you have , - who you have . - Yeah , for sure . It 's like ... Well , having Matt has made such a difference , knowing he 's there for me no matter what . I 'm really lucky to have that someone . So does Lisa know ? Know what ? How you feel about her . I know it 's probably none of my business , but I saw the way you two were together and ... We were ? No , no , no . Lisa ... Lisa and I , we 're just ... It 's strictly ... ( STAMMERS ) Professional . Platonic . Professionally platonic . We 're not ... - Oh , I 'm sorry . I totally misread ... - Oh , no , no , it 's a simple mistake . ( STAMMERING ) No , no , that happens , you know , sometimes . So you 're going to the mess hall ? - Yes . Mmm . - Yeah . - That 's where I 'm going . - Okay . Thank you . I 'm just saying , recent events have made me put things in perspective . Like , who made him de facto leader ? He did . He was lead scientist on Icarus . You know , I 'm the one who solved the mystery of the ninth chevron . Yeah , thanks for that . So what are you saying ? You want to be lead scientist ? No . I just ... I think it 's time that we all had more of a say in the decisions that are being made . I 'm tired of him deciding what 's best for us . - Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! - Whoa ! Hold on ! - Hey , hey ! - Whoa . Thanks . Great . What did you do ? - I didn 't do anything . What did ... - You accidentally pressed something ! - Now , hit the " open " button . - Oh , ' cause there 's a ... ( CHUCKLES ) Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! I can 't ... Oh , that can 't ... - Hey ! Eli ! - Okay , hang on , hold on ! - Crap ! I got it ! - Eli , what 're you ... Maybe ... Can we ... VARRO : You guys do much hunting back on Earth ? YOUNG : Not unless you count fishing . Well , growing up , my brother and I , we learned from my father , how to hunt , kill , but the most important things he taught us was respect for the wild . GREER : There ain 't nothing noble about this thing . It 's a monster . Yeah , but unlike us , animals don 't know hate . All they know is fear and hunger . Hey , I got something here . The tracks , they just stop . Okay . There 's been a lot of movement here . ( SCREAMS ) ( CREATURE SNARLING ) VARRO : Get down , get down ! ( SHOTS FIRING ) ( ALL GRUNTING ) ( CREATURE GROWLS ) ( CREATURE GROWLS ) Stop ! Get off me ! We 've got it on the run ! Now 's our chance ! The hell we do ! It 'll draw you out , separate you from the group , then pick you off ! What the hell do you think happened back there ? It led us to that spot , it waited for us . It 's smart ! All this time we 've been hunting it , it 's been hunting us . - Are you ready ? - Do it ! - ( JAMES SCREAMS ) - ( BONES POPPING ) ( GASPS ) ( GROANING ) - Got it . - Yeah . What ? Why didn 't you pull that trigger ? There 's no predicting how someone 's gonna react in a pressure situation . Panic sets in . People freeze . It happens . But not to you . Something got inside your head . What ? I think I died . After the kidney surgery , during the recovery , there was a point when I woke up to nothing . I couldn 't hear , couldn 't see , couldn 't move . I was trapped in this darkness , you know , like nothing I have ever known . You were scared . That 's a normal reaction . I 've done some crazy things in my day . Risked my life without even giving it a second thought . No fear . But now , all I know is that darkness and the fact that I don 't ever want to go back . T.J. Had you under some pretty heavy sedatives for that operation . They shut you down . Your brain was probably the first thing to wake up , and it just took the rest of your body a little while to catch up . You think that 's what it was ? I can 't claim to know for sure what death is , but I know in my heart it isn 't that . ( GRUNTS ) This should do till you get back to the ship . I 'm not going back . I 'm not giving up on my people . No one 's giving up . You 've just got to think this through . ( SIGHS ) It won 't take much for those stitches to open up . If you start bleeding out , then what ? I 'm sorry , but in your condition , you 're a liability to us . At best , you slow us down . At worst , you die . I 'll get her back . You have my word . TASIA : We need to get moving . We can come back , bury the bodies later . ( GRUNTING ) You listen to me , you bring her back safe . All right . Let 's ... Let 's go . Hello , Eli . Come in . ( CLEARS THROAT ) - Yeah ? - Good morning . Is Mr. Brody with you ? ( CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ) Yep . ( CONSOLE BEEPING ) You two are supposed to be in the control interface room running diagnostics . Where are you ? We 're just grabbing something to eat . Yeah , well , hurry up . I know it 's not the most glamorous work , but it needs to be done . We 'll finish up , be on our way . Here ? This is good . Good for what ? Why are we stopping ? We 've already established this creature is smart . It sees us as a threat , so it 's stalking us , and sooner or later , it 's going to try to ambush us again , but this time , we 'll be ready for him . JOHANSEN : Here we go . How we doing for time ? We 've got six hours till Destiny jumps . They wouldn 't abandon us . No , not unless they think we 're dead . Which is why I really need to get this radio working . Were you watching me sleep ? No , no . No , I was just checking to see if you were ... If you were awake , which you seemed not to be , but then now ... Then you are now . - I brought you something to eat . - Oh , that was sweet of you . Dr. Park , how are you feeling ? I 'm ( GROANS ) fine . Thanks . How are getting on with those calculations ? Oh , yeah , I finished them . I can 't believe this . You 're making her work ? She 's injured . Yes , her ribs , not her brain . Dale , I asked him to give me something to do . I 'm going stir-crazy just sitting here . Good , good . See you back on the bridge . Yeah , I 'm just going to finish up with my visit and ... RUSH : Hey , take your time . ( DEVICE BEEPING ) - Anything ? - MARSDEN : ( ON RADIO ) Nothing . TASIA : Not yet . I got a bad feeling that this is a mistake . I mean , while we 're sitting here , that thing is putting as much distance between us as possible . No , the creature knows we 're hunting it , so it needs to protect its lair . To do that , it has to make sure we never reach it . Yeah . Makes sense . You know , but if you 're wrong about this , don 't count on making it back to the ship . You don 't think I want to save them ? Yeah . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm sure you do . You look like you got more to say . Well , whatever you have in mind for you and T.J. , you can forget about it , you know ? 'Cause that 's not happening . Why don 't we let her decide that ? TASIA : Varro . - Go ahead , Tasia . - It 's on the move , it 's headed your way . Here we go . ( CREATURE GROWLS ) Come on . ( GROWLING CONTINUES ) Come on . I 'm right here . I 'm right here ! ( BRANCHES RUSTLING ) ( SNARLING ) - Did you get it ? - Oh , yeah . All right . We should get moving . In a few hours , it 's going to start to get dark ... ( TASIA SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMS ) There are more of them out there . Following their trail 's gotten way too easy . It 's almost as if they 're daring us to come after them . They 're luring us in to finish us off . The thing that attacked us back at the camp is bigger than the ones we 're tracking now . These tracks are smaller . These are the babies . We 're getting close to their lair . The fact that we 're dealing with more than one of these things reduces our chances of finding our people alive . Are you saying you 're having second thoughts ? Because , you know , I can do this on my own . Oh , no , you can 't . Hell , I don 't even think we can do this together , but I 'm gonna see this through . Besides , this close to the nest , we 're past the point of no return . That thing 's too big , too strong . I can 't stand the thought of being eaten alive . When the time comes , if I don 't have the guts to do it myself ... What are you saying , Corporal ? I 'm saying I don 't want to die like that ! I 'd rather you finished me off first ! Hey . Hey , you listen to me . Now , you have two choices . You can suck it up and walk back on the Destiny with your head held high , or you can force me to save your sorry ass , and live with the shame . - Is that understood ? - Yes , ma 'am . ( RADIO BEEPS ) ( STATIC HISSING ) This is ... This is Lieutenant Johansen . Over . ( STATIC CONTINUES ) Is there anyone out there ? You remind me of someone I used to run ops with . First one into a firefight , last one to leave enemy territory . He was fearless . He ended up volunteering for what you 'd call a suicide mission . He wasn 't afraid . Turns out , he should 've been . He was wrong . In those situations , when the odds are stacked against you and you 're looking death in the face , it 's fear that keeps you and the people around you alive . This is Lieutenant Johansen . - This is Greer . Over . - Sergeant ? Lieutenant , what 's your situation ? Corporal Reynolds and I are in a cave on the side of a hill overlooking a ravine . Somewhere north of camp . The creature that attacked us , it brought us here , and it appears to be guarding its territory , so approach with extreme caution . The Corporal is injured and in no condition to make a run for it . Hang tight , Lieutenant . We 're coming for you . Copy . Sorry . Lost track of time . Yeah , well , I 'm not surprised . You two obviously enjoy each other 's company . I 'm not sure if you meant anything by that , but you should know there 's nothing going on between me and Park . Of course not . What do you mean " of course not " ? You say it like it could never happen . Well , it couldn 't . Okay , I get it . Because she 's so attractive and I 'm not ? No , no , no , no . Let 's just say that you don 't seem like the romantic type . Oh , really ? Okay . Well , then what type am I ? The good friend type , obviously . The trusted confidant . The guy who 's always there with the ... The shoulder to cry on . And that 's just life , I 'm afraid . We all have our predestined roles , but , you know , on the bright side , a life free of romantic entanglements , well , it certainly benefits the pursuit of science . Seriously , Eli , I don 't have time for this . They need me in the infirmary . Colonel Young and Lieutenant James just got back . They 're injured . What did you do ? I didn 't do anything . He did this to himself . - He was just in there pushing buttons ... - Is he okay ? Yes , according to the monitoring system , he 's fine . Just frozen . - Did you tell Rush ? - Oh , no , no , no , no . And we 're not going to . Not yet , anyway . Just for once I 'd like to solve a problem without his help . Eli , you have to get him out of there . I know , which is why you 're here . You still have some of that residual alien knowledge , right ? - Eli ... - Just do me a favor . Take a look . See if anything jumps out at you ? Um ... That 's got to be it . I 'll go first , scout out the area . If it 's clear , I 'll radio back . I don 't think so . If you got something to say , say it . I don 't think you 're up for this . - You calling me a coward ? - No , you 're not a coward , but you 're second-guessing yourself , and that 's a problem . We don 't have time for you to sort through whatever issues you 're dealing with . - So I 'm going . - No , I 'm going . But I 'm going to need you to create a little diversion for me . JOHANSEN : We 're going to be okay . They 're almost here . ( CREATURE GROWLING ) - You ready , Corporal ? - Yes , ma 'am . Aim for its eyes . ( SNARLS ) ( SNARLING CONTINUES ) Lieutenant ! - Don 't shoot ! - What ? I don 't think it wants to hurt us . - I 've got the shot , ma 'am . - No , the fire . It recognizes intelligence . Didn 't stop it from trying to kill us . That 's because you were a threat to it and its family . It recognizes a threat and goes after it . That 's what I was counting on out there to buy us some time so I suggest that you start moving . Slowly . Let 's go . It 's intelligent . Smart enough to know that I can cause it a world of hurt , maybe even kill it , and smart enough to know that I 'm choosing not to . Let 's go . No . ( CONSOLE BEEPING ) - So ? - I don 't know , I 'm not seeing doing ? What the hell ? That 's that , then . What 's what ? I 've just completed a thorough diagnostic of one of the stasis pods . Very informative . How many of those things you take down ? About none , but I managed to lose them and circle back . I feel like I could sleep for a week . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Congratulations , I hear you 're a free man . Apparently , someone put in a good word for me with Colonel Young . As much as I 'd like to take credit , I really haven 't had any time . - I know . It was Sergeant Greer . - Greer ? Mmm-hmm . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'd love to thank him , but I get the feeling he 'll claim he doesn 't know what I 'm talking about . Yeah , probably . Listen , I just wanted to come by and say I 'm sorry about your people , and even though you may feel like you 're alone , you 're not . I know . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) Come in . You had said you wanted to lend your expertise to tonight 's dinner . Becker 's ready . You ... You okay ? I 'm good . Good . That completes this round of diagnostics . Now we can move on to the fun part . - ELI : Fun part ? - Yeah , well , it 's time to go and check out the stasis chambers now . Whoa , whoa , not so fast . Let 's finish going through the data on that section before we start heading in there and pushing buttons . Yeah , of course , you 're right . Proceed with caution . ( PARK AND GREER CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ) ( BOTH CHUCKLING SOFTLY ) PARK : And what else ? - God , that 's a good question . - Yeah .
