 RUSH : I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature ofDestiny 's mission . ELI : You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . YOUNG : I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . YOUNG : There is no mission other than getting these people home . RUSH : It was never about going home , it 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . That is one hell of a battlefield . WRAY : Was a battlefield . Now it 's a graveyard . CHLOE : It 's spreading faster now . I 've tried to fight it , but it 's stronger than me . Sooner or later , I 'm going to stop being me and become something else . There 's nothing you can do to stop it . You 're telling me you 're not the least bit weirded out flying through this ? GREER : Anything that could hurt us is long dead and gone , brother . SCOTT : I think I just saw something . - YOUNG : What is it ? - I 'm not sure . Colonel , this is Camile . We 're not alone out here . VOLKER : A ship just dropped out of FTL . It 's a seed ship . ( ON SPEAKER ) Destiny , this is Telford . I got a hell of a story to tell you , and not much time to tell it . They call themselves the Ursini . Wait a minute , these aliens helped you out of the goodness of their hearts ? They need our help . They engage their FTL drives while we 're docked , and we jump with them . WRAY : That 's possible ? RUSH : Theoretically , yes . - We 've been tricked . - So much for our deal with the Ursini . - We just got a message from the seed ship . - YOUNG : What does it say ? BRODY : " Target the command vessel . " PARK : Shields are weakening , and several weapons platforms are down ! - We might want to consider falling back . - There 's nowhere to fall back to . Step away from that console . - It 's too late . - What did you do ? Chloe , what did you do ? There 's hundreds of these things ! There 's no way we 're gonna be able to shoot them all down . What about the main weapon ? No , that 's useless against the drones . The Command ship 's out of range . It 'd just be a waste of power . ( EXPLOSIONS RUMBLING ) Chloe , tell me what you did . - I sent a signal . - To who ? No ! No , no , no , no , easy , easy ! Stand down ! Don 't move . Wait , wait , wait ! Just wait , wait ! Chloe ... Look , the aliens who took me , they followed us to this galaxy . They 've been looking for us ever since . Now they know where we are . Three hyperspace windows just opened . - YOUNG : More drones ? - No , they 're ships . It 's the aliens from the other galaxy . They 're headed straight for us . She sold us out . Just hang on . I told you this might come down to you and me . I know , but not now , not yet . I 'm still in control . I did it to help us . It 's our only chance . What are you talking about ? Half the drones just veered off . They 're attacking the alien ships . RUSH : They don 't discriminate . Anything that 's not part of the cluster is a target . We might just be able to hold them off now . Sorry , sorry ! Some of them are still getting through ! Colonel , this is Scott . We found Chloe . It looks like she may have given away our position to the aliens who took her . Roger that , Lieutenant . We got them on our screens . Sir , she says she did it as a diversion , to give us a chance to get to the Command ship . I was gonna say it 's our chance to get the hell out of here . No , we 'll never get out of this system , not without FTL . Put her in a holding cell and this time make sure she doesn 't get out . Yes , sir . Everett , I hate to say it but I think Rush is right . This could be our only chance . There 's a lot of drones protecting that Command ship . If we do this , we 're gonna take pretty heavy fire . ELI : Maybe not . I 've been thinking . They all take their orders from the Command ship , right ? Probably through some sort of subspace communication . Well , what if we could jam that signal even for just a few seconds ? That might give us the time that we need . - Can that work ? - It just might . Let 's plot a course for the Command ship . Eli , go . I 'll help with the weapons . Give me all the speed you can muster . Believe whatever you want , Matt , but I did this for all of us . Three-man detail here at all times . Yes , sir . We 're on course for the Command ship . We 'll be there in two minutes . - YOUNG : How 's it coming , Rush ? - Almost there . ( EXPLOSIONS ) We just lost another shield generator . We 've got multiple hull breaches . Seal off all affected areas . Prep the main weapon . ( WHIRRING ) ( ALARM BLARING ) Shields are failing . If we keep up this acceleration - we 're going to lose hull integrity . - Now would be a good time , Rush ! I should have just kept my mouth shut . Patience , Eli . All right , I 've got it . The drones have stopped firing . It 's working ! - Are we in range ? - Just a few more seconds . - They 're gonna re-establish the signal ! - RUSH : Just hold on . - That 's it , we 're in range . - Fire ! - Got them . - Nice shooting . There 's no sign of activity from the drones . It looks like they 've all gone dormant . See what you can do when you apply yourself ? How 's it going with those aliens , Chloe 's friends ? Two of the ships were destroyed in the battle . The other one 's just sitting there . That 's giving off a lot of radiation . Probably just as damaged as we are . Well , let 's hope so . JOHANSEN : That 's good . Okay , thank you . - How 's it going ? - Could be worse I suppose . A lot of minor injuries , couple of serious burns , but no fatalities . What about Baras ? Chloe broke his arm in two places . Did you know she could do something like that ? No . All right , the good news is FTL didn 't take any more damage . In fact , we should have it back online pretty soon . - YOUNG : And the bad news ? - Um , you 're looking at it . It 's a shield emitter relay . There are four more just like it , completely burned out . We have to bypass them before we can restore full coverage , which we need in order to jump . - How long ? - Couple hours at least . Keep me posted . Where 's Rush ? Last I heard he was heading to the Control Interface Room . Okay , want to grab a flashlight ? Just going over Chloe 's handiwork . You know , she bypassed the communications panel on the bridge , and that took some doing . Well , she claims she did it to help us . And so it did . This time . Wait a minute , I thought you liked the new Chloe . Well , did I ever give the impression I didn 't like the old one ? Just because I took a pragmatic approach to her situation doesn 't mean to say I don 't care for her . If I could have done something to stop it , I would have . She took out a guard twice her size . Yeah , and walked through a lock-down protocol like it wasn 't there . Neither of us may want to admit this , she 's beyond our control . - Everett , this is David . - Go ahead . I 've been in contact with the Ursini on the seed ship . We 've got a problem . What the hell were they thinking ? They didn 't trust us . They thought the second we were clear of the system , we 'd be on our merry way and leave them holding the bag . Well , that would have been the logical thing to do . It 's not our fight . Well , it is now . With the drones deactivated , the Ursini thought it was safe to finally contact their colony . The signal that they got back was in machine language . It was another Command ship . The only possible conclusion is that the colony had been found by a second cluster and destroyed . So they really are the last of their kind . More than likely , but that 's not the only problem . When they sent the signal , they gave away our position . Exactly . More drones are coming . Could you hold it up , please ? Progress , gentlemen ? Flashlight ? Yeah , we 've run a bypass through this section . - We 're about to test it . - Okay , we 're good to go . BRODY : Park , you reading me ? Go ahead . - Let 's power up , say 10 % . - Copy . 10 % . Okay , here it comes . So far so good . Let 's go to 50 . Roger . 50 . Cut it , cut it , cut it ! Okay , so it might take longer than we thought . Flashlight ? Wait . I thought the FTL was fixed . It is , but without full shield coverage , we risk tearing the ship apart the second we jump . How long till the second cluster gets here ? There 's no way to know for sure . It could be anytime . I don 't suppose there 's any chance of negotiating with these things ? It 's an automated weapons system . The Ursini believe that the civilization that created them died out a long time ago . They 're machines . One simple directive , " Find alien technology and destroy it . " Reasoning with them is not an option . SCOTT : What about the Ursini ? We did a tandem jump with them before . Why can 't we do it again ? Well , that doesn 't solve our basic problem , unless they can extend their shields all the way around the Destiny , which I doubt . Even if we trusted them enough to try it , which I 'm guessing we don 't , they blew their FTL by dropping out so quickly . That was a one-shot deal for them . We managed to jam the command signal temporarily , right ? Maybe there 's a way of making it permanent . Not without a greater understanding of the technology involved . Maybe we should get one . One of the drones , I mean . Right now those things are totally harmless , at least theoretically , and I 'm pretty sure we could fit one of the smaller ones in the back of the shuttle . SCOTT : Now , wait a minute , wait a minute . You want us to bring one of those things on the ship ? What I want is to be as far away from here as possible . You know , he 's right . It could be very useful . And very dangerous . Well , every second we stay here is dangerous . This new cluster 's going to have its own Command ship , right ? RUSH : Yeah , most likely . All right , so when it shows up , what happens to the drones that are already here ? Well , that 's just one of those things we 're going to have to try and find out , isn 't it ? Suit up . So , you really think this is a good idea ? I think we don 't get paid to think . We get paid ? Hey ! - What are you doing here ? - I guess it 's my turn to go for a ride . Congratulations . SCOTT : All right , sir , we are all cross-checked and good to go . - Lieutenant , be careful . - Copy that . Launching shuttle . Any activity from the drones ? Nothing yet . We got a big one coming up here , 2 : 00 high . No reaction . It looks like Eli was right . Well , that doesn 't mean I want you spending any more time out there than necessary . Let 's get this done , get you back inside . I 've got a candidate . Two kilometers dead ahead . Let 's go get it . Open the door . ( SIGHS ) I 'm sorry about this . After what I did to Corporal Baras , I can hardly blame them , can I ? GREER : Just breathe normally . You all right . PARK : I 'm good . SCOTT : I 'm switching off artificial gravity . Going to mag boots . PARK : Roger that . SCOTT : Venting atmosphere . Keep your eye on those screens , Sergeant . PARK : I see it . Open the door . Okay , we need to move left about a meter . Okay , now down a little . Now straight back . That 's it , we got it . SCOTT : Re-pressurizing . Now , slowly reinstate artificial gravity . ( PANTING ) - I said slowly . - SCOTT : Sorry . Is it doing anything ? I don 't think so . I think we 're good . I need your status , Lieutenant . SCOTT : Sir , we got it onboard . It doesn 't seem to be doing anything , so I guess we 're gonna head back . Nice work . ( ALERT BEEPS ) Hang on . We 've got movement out there . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Proximity alert . PARK : Is it a drone ? GREER : I don 't think so . Too big . Way too big . Oh , boy . Sir , we got a little problem here . That alien ship , the one that survived the battle , it just parked itself right in front of us . Well , what 's it doing ? Right now , it 's just sitting there . I 'm gonna try something here . I 'm gonna try backing away real slow . PARK : Are you sure that 's a good idea ? Well , we got to get this thing back to the ship . Can 't stay out here forever . ( CONSOLE BEEPS ) - Wait , we 're getting a message . - GREER : What 's it say ? " No escape . " So they 're saying that if the shuttle tries to return to Destiny , or if we make any hostile moves , they will open fire . - TELFORD : What do they want ? - Our help . They 've intercepted the Ursini 's signal . They know another wave is coming . It 's a ploy to keep us here , force us to help fend off the drones while they get their hyperdrive back online . But we need the shuttle . We need to study the drone . I say we call their bluff . Let them know what 's happening . Agree to help them only on the condition that they let the shuttle come back . They 'll assume we 're lying . They don 't know that we can 't jump . YOUNG : I don 't think we give them a choice . If they 're half as badly damaged as we are , they 're not going to want to fight . They 're going to have to trust us . We 're going to have to trust each other . They 've got something we need . - What are you talking about ? - Chloe . What about her ? If anyone can undo what 's happening to her , it 's them . They 're the ones who did it to her in the first place . You want us to send her over there , with all that 's happened ? With everything that she knows about this ship ? We 've exhausted all medical avenues . We cannot keep her onboard the ship . This could be our last chance . The Colonel 's not going to force you to go , but if you don 't , chances are he 'll put you off the ship at the first opportunity . Doesn 't seem like you have much to lose . You 've never been on one of those ships . I 'm sorry . I wish I could have done more to help you . With all due respect , sir , it sounds crazy . How do we know they 'll do what they say , how do we even know they 'll give her back ? Look , I know this is difficult , Lieutenant , but we 've run out of options . Yes , sir , if you say so . - ( CONSOLE BEEPS ) - RUSH : They 're sending a message . They 've agreed to our proposal . You do realize there 's a good chance this is what they wanted all along . Everett , listen to me . I 've been trying to contact the Ursini . They 're not responding anymore . The seed ship 's gone dark . So ? So maybe that 's something we should consider . Power down completely , everything but minimum life support . If we have no energy signature , then we 're just another hunk of metal in the graveyard . But even if we 're not giving off EM , we 're still going to stand out like a sore thumb . I 'm just saying maybe they know something that we don 't . They have fought these things before . Yeah , and they ... They got wiped out , didn 't they ? You sure you want to bring this thing inside ? We need to hook it up to the ship 's diagnostic equipment . - It 's the only way . - ELI : Is it heavy ? One way to find out . Why don 't you go grab that Kino sled ? All right , thanks . On three ... One , two , three ! ( ALL GRUNTING ) Yeah , it 's heavy . It 's heavy . Okay , ease it down . You better be sure about this . All right , let 's move . Let 's get out of here . I have to say I 'm a little surprised that you of all people would be the one to suggest this plan . Why 's that , then ? For all we know , they 're going to download every scrap of information she has about Destiny the second they get her onboard . Well , with Chloe back to normal , the odds of them ever tracking us again are virtually nil . Doesn 't matter what they discover about the ship . Yeah , assuming they honor the deal . Well , there 's no point in keeping her . If she begins to change again , we 'll soon know , won 't we ? Well , still , if I didn 't know any better , it almost looks like you 're willing to put the ship and the mission at risk for the sake of one individual . Well , that 's the problem , isn 't it ? You don 't know any better . I 'll take her over there , sir . CHLOE : Colonel ... Good luck . Okay . Now what ? Looks like there 's a catch here . VOLKER : Whoa , whoa , whoa . You think that 's a good idea ? Well , if we can 't open it , we can 't study it . ( BRODY YELPS ) Okay . Now what ? Looks like they 're inviting us in . If you would 've asked me a couple of years ago where I 'd be today , this would not have been one of my guesses . Chloe , you were right . I let it get to me . I let it change the way I look at you . No , it 's not your fault . The time that I have spent on that ship , I 'm not gonna lie , it 's been hard . But some of it has also been amazing and that is because of you . If you hadn 't been there , I don 't think I would have made it this far . That 's not true . You 're much stronger than that . You just don 't know it . This is my moment , okay ? Don 't contradict me . I love you . I love you , too . RUSH : Progress ? Well , we 've managed to crack the basic machine code , but the programming is incredibly complex . We 're trying to isolate the subroutine that regulates communication with the Command ship , but so far no luck . No , this is excellent work . Well done . Thank you . Eli and I will take over from here . I need you two back on shield duty . - Kemp and his team ... - Oh , they 're very competent I 'm sure , but we 're against the clock , and I need to know my best people are on it . - Okay . - A full report in an hour , understood ? You got it . Wow , that was almost nice . No , they were just going to get in the way . Let 's get down to some real work . Ah . Destiny , this is Scott , come in . Shoot , I don 't know , maybe you 're reading this . I 'm in some kind of hangar bay , they could be blocking the signal . The aliens took Chloe . Jeez , it was only a few minutes ago , feels like it was hours . I don 't know , I guess there 's no way of knowing how long this is gonna take . I 'm not leaving without her . I just ... I don 't know , I ... I just hope she 's gonna be okay . ( HEARTBEAT POUNDING ) Second Command ship just dropped out of hyperspace . Drones are en route . - ETA ? - Twelve minutes . Rush , come in . Second wave just dropped out . They 're on their way . Have any activity on the drone ? Negative . Are any of the others from the first group powering up ? - So far , nothing . - Still dormant . Well , that answers one question . They 're not taking orders from the new Command ship . That gives me an idea . Hang on . YOUNG : Rush , what about the plan ? Can we permanently disrupt their communications or not ? Well , unfortunately , it seems like there 's no way to jam the signal for any longer than a few seconds before they adapt . Not long enough in a battle situation . - We 're pursuing alternatives . - Such as ? Well , you 'll be the first to know . Rush out . Lieutenant , how much training have you had with these systems ? As much as anyone else on the ship , sir . - Which is ? - About an hour , simulated . All right , you 're going to do fine . I want you to handle power distribution . Do not let any of the active emitters drop below critical , and stay on top of any sections that lose atmospheric pressure . - Yes , sir . - ( ALERTS BEEPING ) Oh , crap . David , focus your fire on any drones approaching areas where the shields are still down . Copy , but they 're gonna clue in eventually . I know . Hey , Chloe ? You all right ? You 're gonna be okay . I 'm going to get you home . ( EXPLOSIONS RUMBLING ) - There 's a lot of targets ! - You 've got this , David . Whoa ! Destiny , this is Scott . - Lieutenant , what 's your status ? - I 've got Chloe . We 're on our way back but it seems that we 've got a little problem here . Yeah , you noticed that , did you ? SCOTT : I 'll take out as many as I can . Negative , Lieutenant , we 're not here to destroy them , just hang on long enough till we jump . Just keep clear ofDestiny for now . They 'll focus on the larger target . No , I 've got full shields , you don 't . Don 't worry , sir , we 'll be okay . They 're starting to realize where we 're vulnerable . I 'm taking more and more fire concentrated on exposed areas . Rush , whatever you 're gonna do , you got to do it now ! I got it . I got it ! Look at this . Recognition software , friend or foe . Right now the drones that were here first are ignoring the second wave , because they don 't have a Command ship telling them which side they 're on . What if we tell them that they 're the enemy ? We use the same ID tag that they used for us . - Yeah , that could work . - The only problem is if we want to upload the new program to the other drones ... We 'd have to power this one up first . - You want to what ? - RUSH : Look , there 's no other way . If that thing starts shooting , we 're not going to be able to stop it . It will tear us apart from the inside . I don 't think that 's gonna happen . Sergeant Greer , I need a security team in the lab where they 're working on the drone , now . GREER : Roger that . PARK : We 've got a new problem . The alien ship just jumped to hyperspace . Good for them . No , but the drones they were attacking , they 're heading our way . That 's too many . We can 't hold them all off at once . Rush , how long till that program is ready ? Give us five minutes . ( EXPLOSIONS RUMBLING ) You don 't have five minutes . Destiny , I 'm not sure if you 're seeing this but you 've got a whole bunch more of those drones coming your way . We 're tracking them . I want you out of there . - Sir ... - I just gave you a direct order , Lieutenant . Break off now . Yes , sir . - What are you doing here ? - Colonel 's orders . So , what , if we manage to power up this drone , and it starts opening fire , do you think there 's anything you can do to stop it ? I 'm sure as hell gonna try . I 'm getting damage reports from all over the ship , multiple secondary explosions . Rush , you 're out of time . Rush ! Something 's happening , drones are veering off ! Sir , it 's the seed ship ! The Ursini are making a run for the Command ship . They don 't have the firepower or shields to get through . I thought they were going to wait it out . Sir , we 're getting a message . TELFORD : Patch it through to me . It says they 're sorry for getting us into this . It 's a suicide run . They 're gone . Rush , we 've just been given a window that 's gonna close fast . Activate the damn program . ( POWERING UP ) Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Hold your fire , hold your fire . Eli , upload the program . Destiny , this is Scott . Whatever you guys did , it worked . These drones are firing on each other . We should be able to dock now . Make it quick , Lieutenant . Okay , I 'm good . You good ? Are we good ? - Yeah , we 're good . - Bridge , this is Brody . We 're ready with our last bypass . You can power it up . Let 's do it . Looks like it 's holding . Status ? Shields are now covering the whole ship , but they 're only at 5 % power . We 've just taken too many hits . What 's minimum safe ? We 've never jumped at less than 10 % . Rush , this is Young . We 're ready here , but we have a small problem . Shields are holding at 5 % . That 's not enough . We 're talking about FTL here . One small weak spot and the entire ship gets ripped apart . We don 't have a choice . Even if the program holds , and there 's no guarantee that it will , the first wave is seriously outnumbered . They 'll be massacred in a matter of minutes , and we 're right back where we started . We have to take the risk . This is Scott . The shuttle is docked . Let 's go for it . FTL in three ... two ... one . ( POWERING UP ) ( RUMBLING ) Shields seem to be holding . I think we 're going to be okay . You might want to shut this thing down now . Oh , right , yeah . Good idea . How 's the patient ? So far , blood work is normal , lesions are gone and no more blackouts . As far as I can tell , she 's cured . I 'm glad to hear it , but just in case ... I know . You want to keep me under observation for a while . It 's okay , I understand . Well , it 's good to have you back . Hey , I 'll come see you as soon as I can , okay ? Okay . YOUNG : Hey , how 's that damage report coming ? I 'll arrange a briefing when we 're ready , but it 's not going to be pretty . Hey . You wanted to see me ? Yeah . Matt told me it was your idea to send me over there . Yeah . I 'm sorry you had to go through that . There was no other way . No , I wanted to thank you . You saved my life . Again . Well , you saved all of us . It was the least I could do . They 're never going to give up . You know that , right ? Whatever information they got from me , it 's just going to make them want the ship even more . Yeah , I know . Before Matt came in , I was working on some equations , just to see if I could still do it . They 're perfect . But I 'm supposed to be back to normal . Obviously they haven 't wiped your memory . You managed to retain some of the knowledge you gained . I should think that 's a good thing . Because I can still be useful ? Everyone on this ship is useful , not just those that are capable of FTL calculations . - We all belong here . - You really believe that ? More and more every day . If Colonel Young hadn 't left me on that planet , to be found by those aliens , and if they hadn 't taken you , and you hadn 't been put through that transformation , well , it 's more than likely we wouldn 't have survived this attack . So everything happens for a reason . Yeah , well , if you 'd said that to me a couple of years ago , I 'd have dismissed it as superstition , a classic weak-minded response to the overwhelming complexity of the universe . And now ? Well , let 's just say you 're not the only one that 's gone through some changes . You should get some rest . Yeah . English - US - SDH
