 RUSH : This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . YOUNG : That ship is the best chance we have of getting home . - Are we done ? - We 'll never be done . WRAY : You shouldn 't have left him on the planet . YOUNG : You think I don 't know that ? CHLOE : Everyone thinks we 're safe . They think that they 'll never find us again . Why did you take one of our people prisoner ? ( SNARLS ) CHLOE : We 're not safe , are we ? - TELFORD : They 're coming ! - Who 's coming ? Lucian Alliance , they 're coming to take Destiny . RUSH : There 's only one way this is going to end if we wait . YOUNG : I 'm not surrendering this ship . I 'm pregnant . It 's yours . YOUNG : Emily ! I 'm barely keeping it together , and the only thing that 's keeping me from going out of my mind is you . You made your choice , Everett . You really should talk to someone . Look , I lost my baby . And now maybe she 's in a better place . GLORIA : You found the keys to controlling all of Destiny 's systems . And you 're not going to tell anyone ? SCOTT : Riley is not going to make it , sir . Look , I 'm already healing . RUSH : A transfusion of Chloe 's blood could help save his life . JOHANSEN : And pass whatever the aliens did to her on to him . We 've run a series of comparative blood tests using various pathogens we 've encountered and isolated along the way . While Chloe 's blood continues to show atypical antibiotic properties , Lieutenant Scott 's seems to have gone back to normal . Sir . I 'm just saying I think it 's safe to let him out of isolation . That 's fine . I 'll have him released . - You okay ? - Emily wants a divorce . I just got back , and I don 't know . I guess I should have seen it coming , but is it even legal to sign papers in someone else 's body ? ( STAMMERING ) I wouldn 't know . Well , I guess it doesn 't matter . Thanks . Wait , uh ... Maybe we should talk . After everything that 's happened , we haven 't had the chance . Is there anything that you and I could possibly say that 's going to make it any better ? Maybe that 's not the point . Well , then , what is ? - WRAY : Eli . - Hey . I don 't know if you 've met Ginn , one of our guests from the Lucian Alliance . She 's been cooperating , providing intel on Alliance activity in the Milky Way , but I think she may be able to help us on the ship as well . I spent over a year studying Ancient systems to prepare for the trip . I was particularly interested in some of your theories on dialing while inside a star . ( LAUGHS NERVOUSLY ) Wow . Do you still think there 's a chance you could make it work ? To be honest , I wasn 't really making much progress , so I kind of put it aside . Well , maybe with Ginn 's help , that can change . I guess it 's worth a shot . Good . I 'll leave you to it . Have a seat . Thanks . - They let you out . - Yeah . So you 're not changing . Well , T.J. Says I 'm pretty much back to normal . I guess everyone was a little afraid I 'd poisoned you with my alien blood . You 're not contagious . They 're just keeping you here because ... Because I might black out and sabotage the ship without even knowing it . You saved my life . If you were just some alien monster , you would 've left me to die out there and no one would have known any better . My skin 's changing . Look . It 's coarse . Like , it 's getting hard . And it 's growing . It doesn 't matter . ( SCOFFS ) Listen . Hey . We 're going to find a way out of this , I promise . BRODY ON RADIO : Colonel Young , come in . Colonel Young , this is Brody in the Control Interface Room . Please respond . This is Young . Go ahead . We 've got a bit of a situation here . I 'm on my way . - What do we got ? - Nine alien ships . They just dropped out of hyperspace . They 've got us surrounded . Looks like the same ones who took Rush and Chloe . We left them behind in another galaxy . How the hell did they find us out here ? - ( BEEPING ) - We 're getting a message . Oh , my God . They want us to hand over Chloe . What if all this time they were slowly changing her to one of them , - and now they want her back ? - She 's not one of them . YOUNG : She was gathering intelligence . She may not have known it but that 's what she was doing . All the more reason not to let them anywhere near her . - How long till we jump ? - Forty-four minutes . Power weapons . I don 't think that 's the response they were looking for . Return fire . SCOTT : Watch your heads . All right , let 's move ! This is not a drill ! Sergeant , you get these people to designated areas . I 'm gonna go and check observation . All right . Come on , come on , come on . Let 's go , let 's go . Come on ! ( ALL CHATTERING ) What are you doing ? We 're under attack . I can see that . You can 't take on this many ships . They want Destiny more than anything . They wouldn 't destroy us . Well , not intentionally , but they 'd have to collapse the shields in order to board us , and that 's a risky proposition . ( GASPS ) Colonel , this is Scott . You need to seal the entire section around the observation deck . - Why ? - Seal it now ! Now ! Scott ! What 's going on ? We 've got secondary explosions in the engineering area . Scott , come in ! Power 's overloading in the sublight drive . It 's going critical . Emergency shutdown ! ( ALARM SOUNDING ) It 's too late . ( PANTING ) ( GROANING ) ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) The plan is to get the repair robot working on the large domed room we found when we first came aboard the ship . If the structural integrity can be restored , it can be used as a new home for hydroponics . WRAY : Do we know how long it would be before the room can hold atmospheric pressure ? Well , we 've crunched some numbers , and we think ... What about the weapons systems ? Still half a dozen gun batteries that are offline . Well , you told us to postpone the work until we had a greater understanding of the grid that powers the system ... With that many positions down , entire sections of this ship are vulnerable to attack . Wasn 't Dr. Kemp recently injured working on this problem ? Yeah , there was an unexpected surge in one of the conduits . There 's also the risk of a much more catastrophic overload ... Irrelevant . Fix it . - We don 't even know what 's wrong with it . - Weapons are a priority . A new home for hydroponics can wait . Dismissed . ( ALL CHATTERING ) - What was that ? - Don 't start , Camile . That work is dangerous . You shut it down for a reason . We need to be able to defend ourselves . After everything that we 've been through , that should be obvious . Yeah , you know what ? You 're right . We have been through a lot . You , especially . Is this you acting as ship 's therapist now ? I know you , Everett . You hold yourself responsible for everything , including what happened to T.J. And the baby . But if it 's starting to cloud your judgment , I need to know . I 'm fine . I brought you some food . I 'm not hungry . Okay , then how about some company ? I 've been working on some fairly interesting equations . I thought you may want to take a look . ( EXHALES ) You 've got to be kidding me . I 'm not the one keeping you in here . - I tried to help you . - What , with the chair ? Was that even real or was it just for show ? Of course it was real . You know , it 's pointless trying to deny the advantages of your situation . I mean , just ask Lieutenant Scott . If the chair had worked , well , he 'd be dead right now . Do you even know what 's really happening to me ? Obviously you 're undergoing quite significant physiological changes , most notably in your brain . I haven 't given up hope of finding a solution . But in the meantime , I would 've thought you would at least want to try and keep yourself occupied . My research has taken a very interesting turn . I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission . See , here . These numbers haven 't been corrected for gravitational time dilation . Obviously it depends on the size of the star , but it could make a pretty big difference . Huh . How 'd I miss that ? Well , your math is always perfect , but sometimes you lose sight of the context . Like I said , I 've been studying your work . You didn 't have anything better to do ? I like numbers and equations . I always have , ever since I was little . They don 't lie . When I was a kid , I wanted to be a vet . Animal doctor . Uh ... So , my mom bought me a hamster , you know , to teach responsibility . I left the cage door open and my dad stepped on him . ( ELI CHUCKLES ) That was the end of that career . Well , I 'm sure you would have made a very good doctor . Anyway , if it wasn 't for the , uh , hamster ? It 's like a small rodent . Well , if it wasn 't for him , none of us would be here . Never thought of that . That 's really weird . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) ELI : I don 't ... ( EXHALES ) ( BREATHING DEEPLY ) BRODY ON RADIO : Colonel Young , come in . Colonel Young , this is Brody in the Control Interface Room . Please respond . This is Young . We 've got a bit of a situation here . They want us to hand over Chloe . What if all this time they were slowly changing her to one of them , - and now they want her back ? - She 's not one of them . Colonel . What should we do ? - Maybe we should power the weapons ? - No , that won 't work . We 've still got 44 minutes until the next jump . We have to do something . That was a warning shot . - ( BEEPING ) - We 're getting another message . It says if we don 't comply , they 'll destroy us . They 're bluffing . They want Destiny more than anything . - What 's happening ? - We 're surrounded by alien ships . They want us to hand over Chloe . I suggest we shut down all non-essential systems , devote every scrap of power to the shields . Let 's do that . Let 's do it . I don 't think that 's the response they were looking for . RUSH : It doesn 't matter . The shields are holding . They don 't have enough firepower . We 're going to make it to the jump . We 've got more ships incoming . I 'm now reading 15 ships total . They 're all firing . I thought we agreed that they didn 't want to destroy us ! Not intentionally . They 'd have to collapse the shields in order to board the ship . We have secondary explosions in the engineering area . BRODY : Power 's overloading in the sublight drive . It 's going critical . RUSH : Emergency shutdown . Now ! BRODY : It 's too late . ( GASPS ) ( POUNDING ON DOOR ) - Colonel ... - Well , you wanted to be a shrink . Now here 's your chance . What are you talking about ? What 's going on ? I think I might be going insane . You 've been drinking . That 's not the problem . That 's just one of the symptoms . No , what I 'm saying is that maybe now 's not the best time . Yeah . All right . Well , I , uh ... ( CLEARS THROAT ) I 've been having this recurring dream , only it 's more than a dream . It 's real . It 's about as real as it gets . Okay . What 's it about ? The aliens from the other galaxy , they catch up to us . They surround the ship , and then they ask me to hand over Chloe . And , now , the first time , I try to fight them off , the ship gets destroyed . The second time , I go into a defensive shell , but the ship still gets destroyed . Wait a minute . Is that why you ordered Park and her team to resume work on the weapons grid ? Because of this dream ? Listen . There 's something else going on here . I mean , this is like no dream I 've ever had before . I mean , I can feel the floor under my feet . I can smell the sweat of the people around me , Camile . Yeah , yeah . It 's a no-win scenario . It seems like the only way out would be for you to do the one thing that you don 't want to do . I don 't think it 's that simple . Have you even spoken to Chloe since you 've confined her in her quarters ? No . Well , maybe that would be a good place to start . Hey . Wow , another visitor . Hmm . I 've never been so popular . Well , listen , you know , I 'm sorry that I haven 't come to see you before . I 've been busy . Also , it 's hard for me . Because of what you might have to do . You know , I ... I was feeling sorry for myself , being stuck in this room , but then I remembered how everyone looked at me when they found out I was still infected . I think I 'm better off in here . Really ? You know that the people on this ship care about you . They 're afraid of me . I 'm afraid of me . Nobody 's given up hope here . I know . But if there 's no solution , if I keep changing , sooner or later , you won 't have a choice . - ( GRUNTS ) - Hey . Sorry . - So ? - So , what ? When are you gonna make a move ? What are you talking about ? Ginn . The girl 's into you . And you know this from watching us work together for , what , two days ? I knew after 10 minutes . The girl loves math , Eli . ( GROANS ) And if ever you were gonna have a chance with anyone , this is probably it . Thanks . Tell you what . The next time we 're together , I 'll arrange to get called away . Okay . But don 't make it too obvious . Obvious is good . ( SCOFFS ) Time to man up . BRODY ON RADIO : Colonel Young , come in . Colonel Young , this is Brody in the Control Interface Room . Please respond . - What 's happening ? - ELI : We 're surrounded by alien ships . They want us to hand over Chloe . I suggest shutting down all non-essential systems , devote every scrap of power to the shields . No , that 's not going to work . More ships are coming . Well , how could you possibly know that ? If we power the weapons or the shields or provoke them in any way , they will open fire and destroy all of us . So , what do we do ? I guess it 's time . Colonel , this is Brody . You were right . Another half-dozen ships just dropped out of hyperspace . - Are they sending over a shuttle ? - It 's on its way . Dial back the shield strength over the hull breach . - What did you do ? - I didn 't have a choice . You son of a bitch ! Lieutenant , no ! No ! BRODY : Colonel , we 've got a problem . More alien shuttles are approaching . A lot more . ( LAUGHING ) Colonel Young , are you reading me ? Colonel ? This is Scott . What 's happening ? This is Rush . Power 's down all over the ship , including shields . We can 't restore them . Chloe must have discovered how and passed along the information . Get down to the armory , break out every weapon we 've got . Organize defense teams . We 're about to be boarded . Yes , sir . ( GUNS FIRING IN DISTANCE ) SCOTT ON RADIO : We 've got another hull breach near the infirmary ! Fall back to my position ! This is Rush . We have to defend the Gate Room at all costs ! PARK ON RADIO : There 's too many ! We can 't hold them ! JOHANSEN : Colonel ? Hey . Hey , what are you doing here ? Picking up a batch Brody made for me . Extra strong . I use it for disinfectant . You don 't look so good . ( CHUCKLES ) Yeah , I know . I guess it 's that obvious , huh ? Everett , what if I told you that the baby , our baby , is still alive ? I mean , I don 't know . Why would ... Why would you do that ? Because I saw her . Because I held her in my arms and she 's beautiful ... - T.J. - It 's like nothing you can imagine . We were on the planet where we left Caine and the others , and the aliens there , they said that they would take care of her . Caine promised me . - Then they sent me back here . - You never left the ship . I know ... Look , I know . I know what it sounds like and that 's why I didn 't say anything before , because I knew that you would think I was crazy . But I 'm not . I 'm not crazy , and it wasn 't a dream . Why is it so hard to believe after everything that we 've seen - since we 've been here ... - Hey , listen to me ! Just because you want something to be true it doesn 't mean it is , T.J. Okay ? Okay . You listen to me . I can see where you 're going . I know , because I almost went there . I 'm afraid that you won 't come back . I 'm sorry . That 's weird . What ? The computer 's using a ton of memory running a program I 've never even seen before . Maybe some kind of auto-diagnostic ? I don 't ... I have to ask . What are all these pictures ? Oh , those are stills from my movie . My documentary . I 've been trying to keep a record of everything that 's been happening to us , using the Kino . Here . Oh , see ? BRODY ON MONITOR : Nobody wants to see this . ELI : No , no , it 's the little things that make all the difference . BRODY : Fine . Ancient toilets . Here we go . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Anyway , you get the idea . JAMES ON RADIO : Sergeant Greer , come in . Go ahead . There 's a problem in the mess . We need your assistance . On my way . - You 're leaving ? - Could take a while . One second ? Whoa , whoa . Uh , I 'm not so sure about this . - You 'll thank me later . - But what am I supposed to say ? The girl 's from another planet . I guess I 'm supposed to tell you to be yourself , but in your case ... ELI : So my mom just left . It was good to see her even though she was in Park 's body . Little weird . Anyway ... I think it helped . At least I hope so . - Okay , I got this . - You got this ? - How long are you gonna be ? - How long you gonna need ? I 'll take my time . ( LAUGHING ) It 's hard . You know ? I mean , I know that we 're several billion light years apart and , well , that may never change ... But I ... I just need to know that she 's still there . You know ... ' Cause if she 's not ... Then I don 't have ... Sorry . I didn 't know that it was going to be anything that personal . No , no , that 's ... That 's not your fault . Real smooth , though , huh ? A grown man crying about his mom ? ( EXHALING ) Suave . ( SIGHING ) I might as well just get Greer to come back . What do you mean ? Never mind . ( DISTORTED ECHOING ) Colonel ? Colonel , are you in there ? Yeah . What do you need ? Uh , the ship , it dropped out , but there 's no gates in range . Brody says we 're just drifting . Well , that doesn 't sound so bad . Except there 's no countdown clock . We have no idea how long it 's going to last . You figure it out . Sir ? FRANKLIN : Problems ? Well , the ship doesn 't drop out of FTL for no reason . Unless you tell it to . Yeah , well , this time , it wasn 't me , and I can 't find anything wrong with navigation or propulsion . Maybe you need to look somewhere else . As far as I can tell , there 's nothing interfering with the normal operation of the FTL drive . - The ship just doesn 't want to go anywhere . - What about a dial-in ? Gate 's quiet . - WRAY : Where 's Young ? - He 's not feeling well . - All right , what 's new ? - So far , we 've got nothing . What about you ? Eli ? Well , I 've been working with that Lucian Alliance girl , Ginn ? Actually , it 's gone a little bit beyond just working together . - I don 't want to jinx it , but she 's ... - Eli . Anyway , we 've been running a series of programs that were designed for modeling . You know , simulation . It was really sluggish . And I couldn 't figure out why . And then I realized that the computer was running a simulation of its own . What kind of simulation ? I just figured that out now . It 's a battle scenario . The Destiny drops out of FTL , and then it 's immediately surrounded by alien ships . It 's run through several different variations , different scenarios , but it always ends badly . Oh , my God . Are you talking about the aliens from the other galaxy , the ones that took Chloe and Rush ? Yeah , same guys . Camile , what is it ? - A battle simulation . - FRANKLIN : Exactly . Extremely complex , modeled down to the last detail , and always with an unfortunate result . Well , it 's interesting , but what 's it got to do with the ship dropping out ? Look closer . Something about this program is overriding normal operations . Which leaves only one question . Why ? Okay , so you 're telling me the ship is affecting the Colonel 's dreams ? It 's the only explanation . It 's not impossible . Brain waves are just electrical impulses , so theoretically , they could be manipulated , if you knew how . Maybe it 's Destiny 's way of warning us . What if it knows the aliens are coming ? No , there 's no way they could have followed us . No , I told you already . I don 't remember anything about the blackouts . Look , I need you to think , Chloe . This is very important . ( SIGHS ) When James was under the influence of those aliens , she managed to send them some kind of a signal . Is it possible you could have done the same thing ? I don 't remember . Eli , this is Scott . Prep the weapons . Bypass any batteries that aren 't 100 % , devote the remaining power to the rest . Shut down all non-essential systems and put everything you can into the shields . ELI ON RADIO : Understood . Going on patrol in teams of three . Lieutenant James , here , has your assignments . Now , if they do come , it is a pretty safe bet they are going to try and board this ship . Makes us the last line of defense . Any questions ? All right . Dismissed . MAN : Okay , let 's go . Camile , I need you to organize the civilians . I want everyone in designated areas till further notice . There 's something else we need to talk about . - Can it wait ? - No . I know what you 're going to say . - Where is he ? - I can handle this . Well , that 's the point . You can . Evidently he can 't . You have to assume command officially . I can 't do that . Well , what if this is a test ? These dreams the Colonel 's been having . - A test of his emotional stability . - A test he 's failing . Where is this coming from ? Think about it . What is the Colonel doing right now ? He 's locked himself away . He 's shut down . And at the exact same time , the ship came to a dead stop , and now we 're floating aimlessly in empty space . Destiny is beginning to understand us . Who we are , what makes us tick . What , you 're telling me the ship wants me to replace him ? RUSH : No , no . It 's not as if it has desires or emotions . It has no personality . But it is capable of analyzing all manner of sensory input . It knows we 're here . It 's beginning to understand what effect we might be having . Why not one of you ? Well , we 've been down that road before . None too successful . ( EXHALING ) I thought this was about aliens . I thought this was a warning to prepare us for an attack . Either way , a warning , a test , we need a strong leader right now . I don 't like it anymore than you do , but I don 't think you have a choice . Colonel ? Colonel , I 'm not going away till you open this door ! I brought you some tea . It 's really strong stuff , closest thing to coffee we had . Oh , thanks , Lieutenant . I 'll pass on the tea . Sir , we have a situation here . You need to clean yourself up and get back out there . What are you doing ? Are you giving me an order , Lieutenant ? Sir , these dreams you 're having . The battle scenario . It 's the ship . It 's affecting your brain waves . It 's a simulation . It 's a simulation ? What does that even mean ? Eli found the program . It is the exact same thing you described to Camile . It can 't be a coincidence . Boy , I guess the ship has some sense of humor . Yeah . She thinks your reaction , the fact that you 've ... Well , you 've given up , it 's the reason why we have dropped out , why we are stuck out here in the middle of nowhere . Now , if you pull yourself together , you start acting like a real commander , maybe we can get going again . Or maybe that 's just Destiny 's way of telling me that I need to be replaced . That 's what Rush said . - ( CHUCKLING ) Is that what Rush said ? - But I 'm not going to do that . Are you in love with Chloe ? It 's a simple question . Do you love her ? - Yes . - Yes . So how are you going to feel when I have to drop her off this ship , put her on some rock , and you know it 's coming . She knows it 's coming , we all know it 's coming , but I got to do it . You still going to look up to me then . You still going to think , " Hey ! " Tell everyone what a great commander I am ? Are you , Lieutenant ? Don 't ... Don 't do this . I 'm sorry that you didn 't have a father growing up , but I didn 't volunteer for that either . There you go . Now we 're talking . Hit me . Hit me ! No one asked for this , but you are the commanding officer . You don 't get to feel sorry for yourself . And if you don 't like it , too bad . I killed Riley . - That wasn 't your fault . - I know it wasn 't my fault . No , he knew it . That 's ... He didn 't want to die alone . That 's why he asked me . But I killed him . I suffocated him with my own hands . On top of everything else , it 's just ... You know , it adds up . I need you to leave . Look , you 're right . I couldn 't do it , live with the burden every day . That is not me or T.J. , or Camile . - Rush could do it . - For Rush , it wouldn 't be a burden . That is why we need you , because you feel it . But not so much you can 't get up and do it all over again the next day . Really ? You sure ? You sure about that , Lieutenant ? A real leader , a good commander , is not so callous that he stops caring , just enough so he can keep on going . And we both know you are a good commander . It is never going to stop hurting . That 's the whole point . For the sake of everyone on this ship you are going to have to live with it . But we 've got five down by the mess . So if we take ... Mr. Brody , what 's our status ? Well , uh , still no sign of the aliens . The ship 's main weapon is online , and we 've diverted as much power as we can to the shields . Sir , we have all available military personnel patrolling the gaps between the active weapons batteries , but it 's a lot of real estate . We could go to two-man teams , cover a little more ground , but we 'd be stretching ourselves pretty thin . Well , let 's do it . If there is a breach , I would rather be on it fast with a little less firepower than the other way around . Also , let 's break out whatever spare ordinance we have from the Lucian Alliance and arm as many civilians as possible . - Well , they don 't have a lot of training . - I 'll command them myself . We 'll stick to defensive positions between here and the Gate Room . They 'll be fine . Yes , sir . Anything else ? We just jumped . We 're back in FTL . It 's good to have you back , sir . Hey , I 'm happy as the next guy that we 're back on track . I 'm just saying that I 'm not so comfortable knowing that Destiny can get in our heads like that . I don 't want to start second-guessing my own dreams . Well , what have you been dreaming about ? That 's not the point . At least now we know once and for all that we got the right man in command . I mean , you were there . Tell them . Young showed up , started giving orders , and the ship just went . If someone has a better explanation , I 'd like to hear it . - FRANKLIN : Congratulations . - Don 't feel much like talking right now . You managed to bypass the simulation and get the ship going . Well , what choice did I have ? Lieutenant Scott wasn 't going to step up . I couldn 't leave us just sitting there . But you haven 't solved the problem , and yet you 're pressing ahead . Isn 't that a little dangerous ? Destiny was evaluating Colonel Young 's ability to command the crew . But ultimately , I control the ship . - And the aliens ? - They were never a threat . If Chloe had managed to send a signal telling them our position , it would have logged on that screen right there . Maybe ... But just because one threat is behind you , doesn 't mean there isn 't another ahead .
