 I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature ofDestiny 's mission . You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . There is no mission other than getting these people home . It was never about going home , it 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . Ginn was strangled by Simeon . And we received confirmation that Dr. Perry died on Earth . I think we have a connection . You 're aboard the Destiny . I 'm Colonel Young . Who are you ? I 'm Ginn . If Ginn is in Chloe 's body , whose body is Chloe connected to ? - Chloe ? - No , Amanda Perry . I do have another idea . The neural interface chair . We can isolate each consciousness and upload them into Destiny 's memory bank . It worked . Thank you . I know it 's only temporary . But for now , it 's the best we can do . Mr. Ambassador , when we first spoke of using your planet 's core as the power source to dial the nine chevron address , it was a scientific mystery . Now it has become a necessity . It was always your intention to send people . Not these people . Not so unprepared . If we could open a supply line of equipment and relief personnel ... - Mr. Woolsey ... - The planets with the required properties to do this are exceedingly rare . What 's more , 99 % of the work is already done . Your facility draws power from the core , the Stargate is in place ... Twice this has been attempted , and twice the planets were destroyed by a catastrophic chain reaction . The overload at Icarus was a direct result of the enemy bombardment . - In the second case ... - We acknowledge there were mitigating factors in both cases . Nevertheless , our scientists believe Dr. Rush 's solution is inherently dangerous . Which is why we asked you to come here , sir . We have a new solution . Ambassador Ovirda , Dr. Rodney McKay . Ambassador , gentlemen . This will just take a second to boot up . There isn 't anywhere I can plug in , is there ? Ah , it 'll be fine . Knight to queen 's bishop five . Move it yourself . Very funny . You 're not concentrating . Well , I couldn 't beat you when you were a flesh and blood person . What chance do I have now ? I 'm a person , Nick . Of course you are . I mean ... What I meant to say , what I should have said , is that you 're more than that . I 'm still me . What are you doing right now ? I 'm here with you . And ? And analyzing the structure you found in the database , and accessing the ship 's sensors so I can study the nearest ... Wow . Okay . You have a point . So much more than a flesh and blood person . Then why is that the only thing I dream about ? I have the same dream , and you 're in it . There is a way . Okay , good to go . Sorry . Now , I 'm sure we 're all familiar with the old adage , - " It 's all in the algorithm , " so ... - Doctor . - I 'm going to stop you there . - All I said was " so . " I 'm not a scientist . No , that 's not a problem . I dumbed it down . There 's no point in wasting our time . No , I can talk very , very fast . Let me ask you this . If our roles were reversed , would you be so blithe as to put Earth 's population at risk ? There 's no risk . That 's the point . Hopefully once our own scientists have had a chance to go over your work , they 'll reach the same conclusion . There 's no time for that . - Colonel ... - The Lucian Alliance wants Destiny . They know that your facility can get them there and you know damn well that they will not take no for an answer . There 's an excellent argument to dismantle the facility altogether . Don 't think that that will stop them . They will move in faster . They will do anything to get to the Destiny , and won 't give a damn if they blow up your planet in the process . Then don 't let them . If we were allowed to show you that Dr. McKay 's dialing solution is safe . That is the price of your protection from the Lucian Alliance ? As a life-long practitioner of diplomacy , you must understand that sovereign states act in their own interest . The defense of a supply line , for example . For example . If and when our scientists reach the same conclusion as Dr. McKay ... No , no , no , it could take months for them to understand the science . Then that is how long you will have to wait . The Alliance won 't be as patient . I have no choice but to hope that you 're wrong . Good day , gentlemen . The Lucian Alliance got to them . He just proved that to me . We have to move . He didn 't even look at my work . Because he wouldn 't have understood it in the first place . You saw my presentation . A cat could understand it . And he knows their government will only listen to the assurances of their own experts . We would do the same . They 've already made a deal with the Lucian Alliance . I seriously doubt that . I can prove it . - David , how 'd it go ? - Pretty much like I expected . Dr. McKay , your reputation precedes you . Some of it even good . - And you are ? Sorry , communication stones . This is actually Colonel Young , commander of the Destiny . You know Woolsey . You said something about proof ? Not exactly , but close enough . We 've parked a dozen or so listening satellites around Langara . The communications are encrypted in a Lucian Alliance cipher we haven 't broken , but there 's enough back and forth to suggest that some sort of negotiation has been going on for some time . Does the IOA know this ? General O 'Neill briefed the chairman and the president this morning in an emergency meeting . We are in an undeclared war with the Alliance . Now , if the Langarans have already sided with them , they can launch another attack on Destiny at almost any point . Without the benefit of my solution . Which would make dialing the ninth chevron a hell of a lot more dangerous for the Langarans . So we 're protecting them from themselves , is that it ? If that 's how you want to put it , sure . The General 's authorized a mission to Langara . What sort of mission ? We 're calling it a " proof of concept , " but before we get into that , we 'll need McKay to run through his presentation . - Oh , okay . - Not here . Who 's this ? That 's a good question . Where 's Rush ? He sent Mr. Brody in his place . He said you wouldn 't care . Well , I don 't . Doesn 't mean he can do whatever he wants . What 's wrong ? Rush was supposed to switch with you and go over your data on Earth . - I thought I was here to talk to Rush . - No , no , no , you 're here to talk to Eli . You convince him , you 've convinced me . - Lieutenant , would you mind ? - Yes , sir . I 'll take care of it . Rush , this is Young . Where are you ? - I 'm up here . - Right , of course . We met at Stargate Command . It 's Vanessa , right ? - Yeah . - Hmm . - After you . - No , ladies first . I 'll go . Hey . He ran into me , literally , a while ago in a hurry somewhere . He didn 't say anything ? He said to tell you he was taking the day off . - What does that mean ? - That 's what I said . - We just found him . - His vitals are stable . There 's some kind of program running that I 've never seen before . Don 't ask ' cause I don 't got a clue . Haven 't you heard ? He 's taking the day off . Looks more like he 's taking a nap ! I 'm reading delta waves . Stage four sleep . Very deep . So now I say , " Wake the bastard up , " and you tell me it 's dangerous . Well , it is . All right , well , let 's find out what the hell he 's doing , and report back to me . You are in an immersive simulation program . It 's already in the Destiny 's database . In fact , some of you have already experienced it . - Colonel Young 's no-win scenario . - Hmm . It was already so capable of hyper-realistic sensory input , all I had to do was find a way that we could experience it together . And that 's where the chair comes in . In a way , you 're outside of your physical body right now . This would 've been no fun at all if it was only in your head . This way we can feel each other 's touch . You must have had to put in some kind of conditions in order for the scenario to play out . That was the easy part . The parameters are so simple that you should be able to come and go as you wish . So it 's just the two of us , then , in our own little world . We have the whole matrix of the ship to ourselves . I think we could even take a shuttle somewhere if we really wanted to . Oh , really ? Well , maybe we 'll try that sometime . - Not now . - Definitely not now . Greer , are you nuts ? You just donated a damn kidney . I just needed some exercise . There you are ! Sorry , Colonel , he snuck out . Listen to me , Ronald , you 're no good to me dead . I need you to get back to the infirmary . - Yes , sir . - Okay . Yes , sir . No , no , no . See , this is where you are completely wrong . It is impossible to make that deduction because it falls outside of the boundary conditions . This changes the boundary conditions ! It doesn 't work that way ! If you make the change , yes , it does ! Read the writing on the wall , man . Listen , kid , one semester at MIT does not make you ... Gentlemen ! I take it there are problems with this ? What ? He thinks we 're talking about your nine chevron dialing solution . No , no , no , no , no , we 've moved on . Very , very bright , this kid . I mean , in many ways he reminds me of me at that age . Of course , I was carrying around a lot less ... - Hair ? So , it 'll work ? - Yeah , yeah . I wish I 'd thought of it . - Thank you . Great . Just to be clear , without blowing up the planet ? - I 'd say the odds of that are ... - Statistically zero . Good . Now , Rush 's original calculations were sound , don 't get me wrong . It 's just that he was using a trinary instead of a quad base , - which threw off ... - I don 't really care , just as long as Eli says we 're good to go . Yeah . Yeah , we 're good . - Let 's go . - I just got here ! Well , you can come back anytime . In fact , we pull this off , you can come back in person . - This is not over , mister . - Bring it ! Brody bought McKay 's solution . - Of course he did . Look , he didn 't eat any citrus when he was in my body , did he ? 'Cause I am not feeling well . I assume this means you 're going ahead with your mission . I don 't see that there 's a choice . Of course there is ! Clearly the Alliance is putting something substantial on the table . If we go to them with some sort of a peace offering of our own ... General O 'Neill believes the Alliance will move in a matter of days , whether they 're invited or not by the Langaran Government . He also believes the Langarans would prefer siding with us - if given the choice . - I agree wholeheartedly . Well , the goal of our mission is to make that choice easier by proving that Dr. McKay 's solution is safe . Oh , it 's safe ! Our secondary goal would be to determine whether or not they 've already made a deal - with the other side . - And if we find that out ? Well , then we will act accordingly . The Lucian Alliance is not going to be allowed to attack Destiny again . I think I can speak for both of us when I say that if your intention is to take their facility by force , we 'll have no part of it . No , of course not , Mr. Woolsey . We 're going to give them a peace offering . T.J. , any change ? I don 't think he 's asleep . He 's in something closer to a coma . - What 's wrong with this guy ? You know what , T. J ? This timing sucks , but Scott and I , we 've got to do this thing . You 're in charge . Keep a defense team in the Gate Room at all times . - Yes , sir . - I also need you to check in on Greer . - I ran into him in the corridor this morning . - What ? - Yeah , he didn 't look good . - No , he shouldn 't be walking around . Right . Aside from " taking the day off , " did Rush say anything that might give us a clue as to why he did this ? - Not to me . Maybe he couldn 't bring himself to see how McKay improved on his work . Look , I 'm not saying he doesn 't have an ego the size of a bus , but Rush would kill to bring people and supplies from Earth . So , what was so important ? I 'm sure he planned to tell me at our next heart-to-heart . Just do me a favor , get him on his feet so I can knock him on his ass when I 'm back . Sorry , I didn 't mean to wake you . Does it have to be so hot in here ? It 's not . You have a fever , which means you 're fighting another infection . Good to know . I 'll fight harder . I wish it worked that way . It does . Here . See , I feel better already . How 's Volker ? Great , for a guy who 's sporting someone else 's kidney . I really didn 't expect you to be the one who got sick . Better me than him . - Why 's that ? - ' Cause I 'm strong . Yeah , you are . But no more walking around , okay ? You need to sleep . That 's an order . Yes , ma 'am . I got nothing . You ? There 's hardly any brain activity at all , it 's like he 's not even ... Go back in the logs as far as you can . His present physical state has nothing to do with this . Holy crap . Yeah . That is one hell of an upload . Over 900 terabytes were transferred into Destiny 's memory . Eli , what am I looking at ? The complete and unabridged consciousness of one Nicholas Rush . Feels strange with no one else around . Thanks a lot . You know what I mean . It must be different for you , too . Yeah , it 's hard to explain . I mean , there are hours when I feel oblivious to the fact - that there are even other people aboard . - Yeah ? Like when I 'm looking outside of the ship , taking in the galaxy around us , and then at other times I can pore through data in fractions of a second that would take me hours to read if I was ... If you were a ... What , a person , you mean ? I much prefer being here with you . I mean , physically here . Existing as consciousness is lonely . Now , you needn 't be lonely ever again . You have no idea how happy it makes me to hear you say that . In fact , if there was a way for me to interact with Destiny 's real systems , we could spend even more time together . But we can 't . The system is isolated . It wouldn 't be much of a simulation if it had real-world repercussions , would it ? We 'd best let Eli and Ginn know for their sake . For now is it okay if we keep it our secret ? Yeah , of course . I really need to go now . Do you have to ? Well , for one , I 've been away long enough for Colonel Young to start getting hysterical . And another is , I have to work . So , is there a door somewhere , or do I just click my heels together ? It 's even easier than that . All you need to do is sit , close your eyes , and when you open them , you 'll be back . Yeah ! And the shouting and the pointing and the demanding of answers shall begin . I cannot wait . But you 'll be back soon , won 't you ? Well , you can always come visit me in the real world . I know it 's not the same thing , but ... Hey , at least you know I love you for your mind as well as your body . Yes . Go , sit . - I 'll come say good night to you later . - I 'll see you then . Amanda , it didn 't work . Defensive positions ! - I am unarmed . Mr. Woolsey ! You are not expected . I am here at the request of my government , bearing gifts for both the ambassador and your chief administrator . Should I call him for you , sir ? Not yet . What sort of gifts ? Symbols of our friendship . Artifacts carved by the Ancients themselves over a million years ago . I would prefer it if you didn 't . You don 't think I would allow you to give something like this to Administrator Halpurn without looking it over first . All right . - Well , Captain ? Is it acceptable ? - Looks fine to me . Then may I present it to the administrator ? - Absolutely . - Excellent . I know the way . Ahhh ! - What is this ? - You 're on board the Destiny . I promise you , you won 't be harmed , and you will be returned to your own body shortly . Woolsey ! What are you doing here ? He 's brought a gift , sir . For you and the ambassador . I 've already inspected it , I 'm sure it 's harmless . Captain , what you should have done is instruct Mr. Woolsey to return home immediately . At least read the inscription on the bottom of the stone . Please . How is this possible ? That I can 't tell you , sir . Just stay calm . This shouldn 't take too long . We pulling this off ? - So far so good , sir . What the hell am I wearing ... SG-1 teams four and five should be arriving in five minutes . Well , let 's go welcome them to our facility . It should have worked . Well , there 's no point in panicking just yet . Maybe you should try it again . I have tried . Maybe I can shut the simulation down another way . No , no , Amanda , that 's a really good thought , but you can 't do that from in here . This system 's isolated . You told me so yourself . In fact , nothing you 're doing at the moment is having any effect whatsoever . I don 't know how I could have been so stupid . Well , now , that 's one thing you 're not . It 's probably just a glitch . Probably , but I can 't leave , and you can 't fix it from here , so ... Right . You 'll be all right ? I 'll be fine . You go . Ginn ! Ginn ! Eli ! She 's in the ship 's memory . It 's not like she can hear you any better or worse out there . Then why isn 't she answering me ? Why are you so sure she can help us ? I think I know what Rush is doing . Because Ginn and I had the same idea , and I think they talk . - What ? - In their Ascension research , the Ancients experimented with the transfer of human consciousness all the time . - I mean , it 's how the stones work , right ? - We have no clue . Why would he do that ? Okay , so this is a little ... Night before last , Ginn was visiting me in my quarters . We were talking , and I said something like , " Wouldn 't it be great if we could do more than talk ? " - You mean actual physical contact . - Yeah . - Oh , you mean ... - Yes , yes , that 's what I meant . Honestly , I was just thinking out loud , but the suggestion did not go over well . Well , Eli , she just died and had her consciousness uploaded to the ship 's memory , and you 're just thinking about getting your ... What ? No ! No , no , no , no . That part she was all for . Then why ? - Because she said it would be dangerous . - Why ? You don 't think uploading a human consciousness and back again is a little dangerous ? When I tried to talk her into it anyway , she got mad , or depressed , or some combination of the two , and I haven 't seen her since . I 'm sure the discoveries we make will be of great benefit to both of our worlds . Well , the ambassador and I couldn 't agree more . We 're happy to help in any way we can . Our people will be dialing in momentarily . Of course . We have agreed to attempt dialing the Stargate 's nine chevron address immediately . This will be done to prove the viability and the safety of such a connection so that we will be able to provide ongoing support to their people on the other side . Now , I am confident that there is no danger . Captain ? A team from Earth will be arriving shortly . We will give them our complete support and cooperation . Stow your weapons . These people are allies . - Dismissed ! - Captain , what 's going on ? Well , I overheard them . They 've offered to share in everything . Information , technology ... The administrator said drawing that much power could overload the core , - rip open the planet 's crust . - Yeah , he 's good . What ? He was bargaining . I 'm sorry I was gone so long . I 've been having quite the existential time of it , actually . Trying to perceive the difference between this place and the real world , and if there is one , well , I haven 't found it . So you 'll still come back , then ? Well , I have to go away first in order to come back . Well , that shouldn 't be a problem anymore . Never a doubt . What was the problem ? Actually , it was Ginn . Ginn ? What has she got to do with this , then ? I don 't think she approves of this . - None of her bloody business . - I know . But somehow her disapproval manifested itself in keeping you here . - Colonel Telford , gentlemen , welcome . - McKay . Dr. Rodney McKay . Right . With your permission , Administrator , we 'll get started . The facility is at your disposal . McKay , put us to work . Right , you and your team check to make sure the power relays are still connected to the Stargate while I hook up their woefully antiquated excuse for a mainframe . I want somebody on every entrance of this building . It 's a big building , sir . Well , use their own people if you have to . Should we have another go , then ? Bye . We 'll see . He 's back , he 's back ! There 's no need to shout . They can see me . What the hell were you thinking ? I thinking I 'm rather hungry . How long have I been away ? Almost 12 hours . That seems about right . If you 're going to do something like this , you should tell someone . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Young is pretty pissed ! Yeah , well , he can shout at me later . How could you be so blasé about this ? You could have died in there . You can shout at me on the way to the mess if you like . I don 't believe it . Amanda said it was some kind of subconscious act of disapproval . Ginn would never hurt anyone . It doesn 't matter anyway . I 'm back . What was it like ? Entirely personal . We 're not going to be able to keep up this charade forever . How long is this gonna take ? I gave you my best guess in the briefing . You also said you 'd reassess once we got here . Well , the facility is already drawing power from the naquadria core , which speeds things up considerably . On the other hand , this is more or less 1940s technology , which can slow things down . Then again , there 's the " They don 't build things like they used to " factor . One hour or two , McKay . Which is it ? If we end this conversation right now , I can still manage the former . - Sheppard 's right . - About what ? Perhaps now would be a good time to undertake our secondary objective . By all means . I 'll show you to my office . How can you possibly control the power flow from so small a device ? Because , technically speaking , as far as you 're concerned , I 'm from the future . Dr. McKay appreciates your help . - What is it with genius and social skills ? - Hmm ? Never mind . We 're good to go as far as the Stargate is concerned . Good , good . Just loading the program , so 10 minutes , tops . I 'll just come right out and ask . Once we 've proven we can do this , would you be interested in joining Destiny 's crew ? Well , I never actually ... I know that you can pretty much write your own ticket as far as assignments are concerned , but there isn 't a more exciting mission out there . Well , there is the niggling issue of not being able to get home . Not yet , but we get the right people aboard , return Destiny to its former glory ... If that 's even possible . That why I need you . I thought Colonel Young was in command . Let me rephrase . That 's why we need you . Mandy ! I just wanted to make sure you got back all right . - Home again . - I 'm glad . - I was worried . - I know you were . The last thing I would ever want is ... What the hell was that ? An emergency shutdown of the FTL drive . - Ginn ! - I don 't think there will be any damage , but I needed the distraction . Dr. Rush is in danger . I know , we 've been trying to get him out , and I 've been looking for you . It was a mistake . She didn 't do it intentionally , but there 's no way out of the simulation . Who are we talking about ? Dr. Perry . I tried to reach out to you sooner , but she keeps stopping me , or suppressing me . It 's hard to explain . It 's taking all of my concentration just to be here . Why would she do that ? She 's trying to buy time to solve the problem in her initial programming of the simulation , but she can 't . The only way to end this is from the outside . You have to do it , Eli . - How ? - You have to ... Ginn ! Ginn ... Hey , what happened ? I sensed a potential overload in one of the FTL drive modules . I was able to stop it with an emergency shutdown . Very good . So , should I leave you to your work or can we sit and talk a while ? Well , I should work , really . - I 'll see you soon . - Sure . We have a problem . - You couldn 't find proof ? - Oh , I found proof , all right . That for the past several months , the Langarans have steadfastly refused to have anything to do with the Lucian Alliance . It doesn 't take that long to say " no . " In each exchange they 've been offered more , much more , and each time they refused , apparently out of concern for jeopardizing their alliance with us . I told you ... Woolsey , we had damn good reason to suspect ... Yes , because of our spy satellites . This changes nothing . I believe it 's for you , Administrator . This is Administrator Halpurn . Sir , I don 't know who you 've spoken to , but there is nothing to be concerned about . Everything ... Ambassador ? They 're on their way . Shouldn 't you be trying to get me out of the neural interface chair ? I might , if you were still in the neural interface chair , but seeing as how ... - What are you doing ? - Nothing to be concerned about . You 're dialing the shield strength back all over the ship . Yeah , not to worry . No , you ... Stop ! Stop ! Listen ! If the shield strength drops below 4 % , the ship will rip itself apart ! You 'll be fine . No ! No , I won 't ! Why are you doing this ? Because I haven 't left the simulation yet , have I ? It 's time for me to find a way out myself . This isn 't the way ... Look , all simulations require parameters , conditions beyond which the programmed scenario can no longer continue . If this doesn 't stop it , I don 't know what will . No , Nick , this is really happening . You 're going to kill everyone on this ship . I don 't think so . David , we need to reconsider what we 're doing . " Better to beg forgiveness than ask for permission . " That 's what my dad used to always say . That only made sense when we could achieve the dial-out before we got caught . We still can . McKay , what are you waiting for ? The program is running . Listen to me , Everett , I need to get back there , and you need supplies . Sir , there 's a sizable force gathering outside the building . Chevron one is encoded . If I could have your attention , please ! For safety reasons , I need all Langaran personnel to leave this room immediately . Thank you . There 's no time . We should stop now and dial Earth . No ! We can 't quit now , not when we 're this close . This will be a diplomatic disaster . I give a damn about those people on that ship , I make no apologies for that . If we stop now , we give up any chance of helping them ! And if we don 't stop , people will get hurt , David . We 've got two trained SG units , plus you and me . All we need to do is hold them off until we can make a connection . Chevron two encoded ! - Then what ? We stand down . We explain what happened , the whole thing , but at least we will have proven to them that it works . Chevron three encoded ! Sir ? Do not fire ! I repeat , do not fire unless fired upon ! Everett , I do not want to hurt anyone any more than you do , but we 've only got one shot at this . - You want to get back that bad ? Not just for my sake . This place can be Destiny 's lifeline . Chevron four encoded . We know what you 're attempting to do , and it will not be tolerated ! Ambassador , the Earth 's delegation has convinced me that there is no danger . I don 't know who you are , but Administrator Halpurn would never agree to this . Chevron five encoded ! Our forces have been instructed to open fire if the dialing process reaches the eighth chevron . We just want to prove to you that it can be done , that 's all ! The choice is yours . - Power levels ? - Well within my predictions . - So it would have worked ? - Absolutely . Chevron six is locked , by the way , and I would not be standing there . They won 't shoot . Colonel , look , I may just be the brilliant scientist relegated to shouting out the obvious in terms of chevrons here , but while I 'm stating the obvious , this mission is already a failure . It 's only going to get worse . Thank you . Shut it down . There 's no way to shut down the simulation . Why not ? - Because Perry 's the one who programmed the parameters . Unconsciously or not , she 's keeping him there . - So what are we doing ? - Ginn told me the only way to do it 's from the outside . Dr. Perry pulled her away from me before she got the words out , but I 'm pretty sure I know what she was gonna say . Why did you do that , Nick ? To prove that it wasn 't real . Why did you lie to me ? I thought it was some kind of glitch . I thought it was something that I could repair . They could just keep your body alive while I found a way . You wouldn 't have to worry . So what do we do ? It 's out of my hands now . Ginn finally got through to Eli . It was never her fault , was it ? No . It was an innocent mistake in programming the parameters of the simulation . It was so simple that nothing could go wrong . What were the parameters ? I don 't blame you . For what ? Amanda , what were they ? That we love each other . That 's all . That was the only thing that needed to happen , and then you could have come and gone as you wished . I love you , Nick . - But you don 't ... - No ! No , no , of course I do . That can 't be the problem . It 's not something you can will to be true . But it is true . I love you . This wasn 't fair to you to begin with . I 've felt this way about you for most of my life . No , no . Amanda , please listen to me , here , now . I mean , not the verdict of some bloody program . You don 't have much time . Eli has already started deleting the memory where our consciousness is stored . You and Ginn ? It 's the strangest feeling ... - Well , stop him ! - I can 't . No , try ! Protect yourself ! I know you blame yourself for my death , but don 't . Okay ? Because if that hadn 't happened , then I never would have felt this . I do love you . I swear it . Goodbye . Is that you ? - Yeah , it 's us . Yeah . How 'd the mission go ? They 've agreed to release our people in exchange for the defense of their planet from the Lucian Alliance , also the removal of the Stargate from their power facility . So , mission not accomplished . - Speaking of letting prisoners free ... Oh . They seemed decent enough . I didn 't think there 'd be harm in showing them the ship and crew that they were trying to help . I hope that was all right . Lieutenant , in the grand scheme of things , I think that was the best decision any of us has made all day . What happened ? How did I get here ? You 've actually been back for a couple of days . It just took you that long to come out of the coma . Eli , what the hell did you do ? What the hell did I do ? I transferred the memory where they were stored into quarantine . They 're cut off from the rest of the ship now , and us . - They ? - There was no other way . That 's what Ginn said , so that 's what I did . To save you . No , Eli ! Forget it . You need to rest . In fact , you 're lucky to be alive . Listen to her , Doc . She knows what she 's talking about . English - US - SDH
