 RUSH : This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . YOUNG : That ship is the best chance we have of getting home . - Are we done ? - We 'll never be done . WRAY : You shouldn 't have left him on the planet . YOUNG : You think I don 't know that ? CHLOE : Everyone thinks we 're safe . They think that they 'll never find us again . Why did you take one of our people prisoner ? ( SNARLS ) CHLOE : We 're not safe , are we ? - TELFORD : They 're coming ! - Who 's coming ? Lucian Alliance . They 're coming to take Destiny . RUSH : There 's only one way this is going to end if we wait . YOUNG : I 'm not surrendering this ship . CHLOE : Once I 've changed completely , the Colonel will see me as a threat . - Will it be you ? - I came to ask for your forgiveness . I forgive you , Ronald . That looks like our shuttle . RUSH : The shuttle was restored to its original condition , better than it was before . JOHANSEN : If they can send our people back to us , don 't you think it 's possible they can save our daughter ? I need to know . VARRO : I know that there were no cabins , certainly no children . YOUNG : Simeon killed the man guarding him , then he killed Ginn . Don 't you act like you are the only person aboard this ship that has lost someone that they care about . ( COMPUTER BUZZING ) - Where 's Eli ? - He hasn 't shown yet . - ( STATIC BUZZES ) - Eli , where are you ? Eli , you 're needed on the bridge . - ( BUZZING CONTINUES ) - ( SIGHS ) ( BUZZING STOPS ) Thanks . I 'm not sure what happened there . - I think I must 've ... - Yeah , yeah , very interesting . ( POWERING DOWN ) VOLKER : Whoops . RUSH : Mr. Volker ? Sorry , I was running a diagnostic on the ship 's power distribution network , and I think ... Did you remember to bypass the critical systems ? Uh ... No . ( POWERING UP ) There we go . BRODY : This is interesting . Looks like Destiny picked up some sort of remote energy signature . Mr. Brody , please don 't make me come over there . Why don 't you be my guest ? So ? YOUNG : What do you mean , " distant " ? We 're on a spaceship in the middle of nowhere . From where I 'm sitting , everything is distant . This energy signature , it 's come from an area outside of the course mapped out for us by the seed ships . Now , getting there would take a bit of a detour . - How much of a detour ? - About a day 's journey in FTL . We have any guesses what it could be ? It could be potential new power source , signs of intelligent life . Big black monolith orbiting a planet ? - Sorry . Overslept . - There 's no way of telling , which is precisely why we should investigate . Whoa , whoa ! Whatever happened to , " Destiny has a mission , " and , " We 're all on board and moving forward " ? This isn 't forward . This is sideways . We haven 't abandoned the mission , Mr. Brody , merely delaying it . But Lisa 's right . This energy signature could be indicative of intelligent life . - Best case scenario , in my opinion . - For real ? Do I have to remind everyone what happened the last time we encountered an alien life form ? Or the time before that ? Or the time before that ? Yeah , but you can 't judge a neighborhood by a bunch of bad neighbors . Are you kidding ? That 's exactly how you judge a neighborhood . Look , it 's possible that whatever 's out there could be of great benefit to both , ourselves and Destiny 's mission . - Okay , check it out . - Let 's plot a new course . ( SIGHS ) How do you do that ? Okay , let 's get Chloe up here . She can make the necessary calculations . ( SOFT MUSIC PLAYING ON EARPHONES ) ( KNOCKING CONTINUES ) - I tried radioing you . - Sorry . Sorry , had my music on . - We 're about to drop out of FTL . - Ah , okay . Thanks . - ELI : Is that ... - Ships , or what 's left of them . That is one hell of a battlefield . WRAY : Was a battlefield . Now it 's a graveyard . So ... Uh , turns out the energy signature Destiny locked onto was the clustered radiation pockets of the various ships . It looks like at least one of them is familiar to us . That 's the same type of ship you and Dr. Rush explored a couple weeks back . Yeah , from the looks of things , they came out the losers in this fight . I 'm having Destiny 's computer run a program that 'll plot back some of these dispersion patterns . Hopefully then we 'll get a better idea of what 's going on here . In the meantime ? In the meantime , Colonel , we 've come a long way . It seems a shame to leave empty-handed . I suggest a bit of cautious exploration . Mr. Brody , maybe you 'd do the honors this time . You know , it 's like a space junkyard . ( CHUCKLING ) Ships , hundreds of them , scattered in pieces , far as the eye can see . It 's ... ( SIGHS ) It 's damn creepy . Anyway , I just thought I 'd let you know what 's going on . - ( STAMMERS ) What 's the matter ? - I already told you , visiting me is a waste of time . I don 't want you putting your life on hold just so you can come here and watch me disappear . - ( CHUCKLES ) Disappear ? Chloe ... - It 's spreading faster now . I 've tried to fight it , control it , but it 's stronger than me . Sooner or later , I 'm going to stop being me and become something else , something dangerous , that won 't be allowed to stay on the ship . I won 't let that happen . There 's nothing you can do to stop it . The best we can do is make use of me while I 'm still me . Will you stop talking like this ? - Why , Matt ? Why deny the inevitable ? - Because it is not inevitable . Of course it is , and deep down , you know it . You 've already started pulling away . When was the last time we spent the night together ? You see ? ( INHALES ) You know it 's true . YOUNG ON RADIO : Lieutenant Scott ? ( SIGHS ) Lieutenant Scott . Sir . I need you to suit up and meet us at the shuttle . Right away . This conversation isn 't over . ( SNIFFLES ) ( SOBBING ) - They need me on the bridge . - Oh , Dr. Rush says he could spare you . - He did ? - Mmm-hmm . ( SIGHS ) I 'll save you the trouble . I 'm not crazy , which is pretty darn impressive , all things considered . I went from living at home with my mom to being stranded on a spaceship billions of light years from Earth . And screw the last starfighter , because all those hours playing Halo didn 't prepare me for this . No one was prepared for this . Everyone else had some sort of training , but , hey , I 've come a long way in my 10 months . I 've fought space battles , survived deadly radiation , time-traveled , sort of . I 'm still trying to figure that one out . I don 't think you 're crazy . At least , no crazier than the rest of us . Really ? Okay , then . Good chat . This isn 't a psych eval , Eli . This is just two friends talking . ( SCOFFS ) You have been a little distracted lately , and that has some of us worried . You guys are worried because I 'm a little distracted ? We 're worried because , given the recent events , you should be a hell of a lot more than just a little distracted . The memorial video you put together for Sergeant Riley , it was very moving . You know what 's weird ? Sometimes , I 'll forget that he 's gone . I 'll actually walk into the Gate Room and turn my head , and then , for a split second , I 'll wonder where the hell he is , and then I remember . He was a very important part of your life here . When your whole world collapses down to less than 100 people in a confined space , it all becomes important to you , Camile . Riley was part of this ship , and losing him , it wasn 't just ... It wasn 't just sad . It was wrong . What about losing Ginn ? So , when did you finish fixing the third suit ? Yesterday . It 's perfectly safe . GREER : All right , wait , well , then , how come I 'm wearing it and you 're not ? BRODY : Easier to fix if something goes wrong . Which it won 't , in all likelihood . ( POWERING UP ) - All right , Colonel , we are good to go . - All right . Take her out . ( ON RADIO ) Have a look around . - Heading out . - Lieutenant , be careful out there . This is amazing . - I don 't know . - ( CHUCKLING ) What , you 're telling me you 're not the least bit weirded out flying through this ? Nah . Anything that could hurt us is long dead and gone , brother . How goes it , Lieutenant ? SCOTT : Fine . We 're coming up on a target of opportunity here . RUSH : Yeah , we see it . SCOTT : Looks more or less intact . - ( SENSOR BEEPS ) - Picking up faint EM readings . SCOTT : We 've got an access point on the ship 's left side . Should we check it out ? Sir ? - You 're good to go , Lieutenant . - SCOTT : Yes , sir . All right , let 's do this . - Sorry I 'm late ! - No , you 're just in time . - Engaging reverse thrusters . - ( MACHINERY WHIRRING ) All right , this is as close as we 're going to get . Hats on , gentlemen . GREER : Let 's go explore . I 'll see you on the other side . ( CLANKS ) I 'm on board . ( COCKS RIFLE ) I 'm ready for you . On my way . Come on , I 've got you . Mr. Brody 's en route . GREER : We 're both on board . Have a look around , see if there 's anything you can salvage . Hey , this way . Hey , and , uh , watch your asses over there , okay ? BRODY : Just do me a favor and don 't touch anything . If you see something you want to investigate , just let me look at it first . - ( BANGS ) - Wow , what did I just say ? Door panel 's dead . Hold on . Here . - ( CREAKING ) - That 's it , just use the shoulder . You might want to move up so you can get a little more leverage . - Do you want to help ? - Okay . All right , then just shut up and let me work , okay ? Okay . ( GRUNTING ) Come on , come on , come on ! ( CREAKING ) ( DOOR HISSES OPEN ) Hi , I brought you some lunch . Great . Sitting around in this room all day really works up an appetite . Well , you can hardly blame the Colonel for confining you to quarters after what happened with Simeon . I understand , but you have to realize that Simeon was unstable . - And you knew , but you didn 't tell us . - I thought I could control him . But you couldn 't . I know . I haven 't seen you in a while . I wanted to come by . I 've just been busy . Your people , the ones who came back from the planet , - they didn 't have your child ? - No . I was wrong about that . I was misled . Possibly . There 's no other explanation for it . This ship has demonstrated the ability to mess with people 's minds . In my case , I guess it was trying to protect me . I should get back to the infirmary . - What is it ? - I 'm not sure . Talk to me . What 's your situation , Sergeant ? GREER : Dark , and real quiet . Too quiet . ( ON RADIO ) Colonel , this is T.J. Go ahead . I 've just seen some movement in the debris field . What kind of movement ? To be honest , I 'm not sure . It happened so fast , I just thought I should report it . All right , thanks for that . ( CONSOLE BEEPS ) What the hell was that ? It 's Destiny letting us know it finished assembling the simulation . Either that , or pie 's done . Nope , simulation . Ready ? ( BLEEPING ) - What are those leftover pieces ? - No idea . Oh , no . We got to get out of here . - Why ? - Two sides battle . These guys , they 're destroyed , but these guys , they just go dark . They 're not disabled or damaged . They 're dormant . Lieutenant , I need you to fall back to the Destiny . But Sergeant Greer and Brody just boarded the wreck , sir . I need you to get them out of there immediately . You may be in danger . Yes , sir . Greer , did you get that ? We 're on our way . What in the hell ? - Come again , Lieutenant ? - I think I just saw something . - YOUNG : What is it ? - I 'm not sure . ( GASPS ) Colonel , this is Camile . We 're not alone out here . Sir , you have potential hostiles en route ! Shields to full . Ready weapons . Fire only on my command . Eli , I want you to broadcast a message . In Ancient ? Ancient , English , Bat Signal , whatever else you 've got . Tell them we are not a threat . Greer , I need you guys back here now ! ( ALARM SOUNDING ) I 've got to go . Tamara ! Let me help . They 're closing . ( HISSING ) Hey , we have more monitors . Come on , come on ! GREER : Go . BRODY : Start her up ! - Shields are up . - Any response from our message ? None . ( RUMBLING ) - Move it ! Let 's go ! - Go ! Return fire . ( BLEEPING ) We have a breach in one of the unoccupied sections . I 'm sealing it now . BRODY : Good to go ? GREER : We 're good . We 're good . SCOTT : All right . Okay , here we go ! Shields are weakening . - RUSH : Transfer power from weapons . - We have multiple overloads ! - Reroute , reroute ! - ( EXPLOSIONS ) - We have to jump . - The shuttle 's not back yet . - We cannot afford to wait , Mr. Volker ! - We are not going anywhere ! ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( PEOPLE SCREAMING ) MAN : Let 's go , let 's go ! This way ! Go , go , go ! WOMAN : This way ! Keep your eyes open . - Two o 'clock . Right there . See him ? - I see him , I see him ! SCOTT : All right , we are on board ! - All right , get us out of here . - ( CONSOLE BEEPING ) - It 's not working . - FTL engines are offline . - They must have taken a hit . - How long till we get them back ? ( BEEPING ) Shields are weakening , and we 've got some weapons down . Several areas of the ship have gone dark . It 's just a matter of time before the shields fail . All we have are sublight engines . We 'll never outrun them . We 're going to have to try . VOLKER : A ship just dropped out of FTL . ( CONSOLE BEEPING ) - ( RUMBLING ) - It 's a seed ship . ( ON SPEAKER ) Destiny , this is Telford . David , how the hell ... No time for that now . I need you to follow us . - Where the hell are we going ? - It 's on the move . - Where are they going ? - Directly towards the star . ( EXPLOSION ) Let 's follow them . Divert all remaining power to the shields . ( CONSOLE BEEPING ) ( POWERING DOWN ) Here we go . ( FIRING ) We 're coming through the other side . That bought us some time , but we only have as long as it takes them to get around the star . TELFORD : Hey , you 're welcome . Let 's dock . I got a hell of a story to tell you , and not much time to tell it . Gentlemen . This is pretty damn impressive . Not as impressive as flying a seed ship to our rescue . Yeah , well , I had plenty of help with that one . The aliens we encountered while exploring it , turns out they weren 't hostile after all , just desperate . After Destiny disconnected and made the jump to FTL , I figured I was a goner . I was surrounded . They had me at their mercy . But they ended up being friendly . I wouldn 't go so far as to call them friendly , but , uh , they weren 't exactly interested in harming me either . They were curious . I tried communicating with them , but that was next to impossible . I mean , verbally , anyway , so we found a shortcut . Their stasis pods are outfitted with neural stimulators designed to keep their occupants ' brains active during extended hibernations , so when they hooked me up ... It 's hard to describe the experience . It was like watching an entire film library in less than a day . I saw images , thousands of them . Most were a blur , totally incomprehensible , but others were clearer . And over time , the pieces drifted together , and I was able to form a basic understanding of the aliens and their history . They call themselves the Ursini , and after a while , they began to trust me . Eventually , working together , we were able to bring the seed ship online . Trying to chase you down ever since . You 've been gone for almost a month . What did you do for food and water ? The pods provide basic nutrients to their occupants . I never thought I 'd say this , but I missed the food here on Destiny . So , wait a minute , these aliens helped you out of the goodness of their hearts ? There 's a little more to it than that . They need our help . ELI : The ships that came after us are automated attack drones . Apparently , years ago , Telford 's aliens , the Ursini , made the same mistake that we did and woke them up , and they 've been fighting them ever since . When they discovered the seed ship , they boarded it for ... For long-term reconnaissance , hoping it would give them an edge in their war against the drones . Their stay onboard was supposed to be temporary , but no one ever went back for them . They were in stasis for who knows how long before we came around . They drained the power away from Destiny because they were desperate , just looking for a way home , and now , even though they finally have a way back , they 're afraid to make contact until they 're sure that the drone threat is over , which is where we come in . We can 't trust them . ( CHUCKLES ) Our FTL drives are offline . We really don 't have much of a choice . So what are we going to do , then ? That 's ... That 's still being discussed . You know , it 's only a matter of time before the drones circumvent that star and find us , and with the FTL engines still offline , we 're sitting ducks . Maybe not . Maybe there 's a way out of this . We help the Ursini defeat the drones . We barely survived our first encounter with those things . That 's just because we were going about it the wrong way . According to Telford , the drones are controlled by a command ship . Now , we take out that command ship , we cripple the drones . - Simple as that . - I doubt it 'll be simple . I 'm hoping for a step up from impossible . Do we know where this command ship is located ? They do . It 's out of sublight range . We would have to make the jump . And have you explained that our jumping capabilities have been compromised ? Telford has made them aware of the situation . They 've offered to give us a lift . I don 't understand . They engage their FTL drives while we 're docked , and we jump with them . - That 's possible ? - Theoretically , yes . Hmm . " Theoretically . " There 's always a risk when you attempt a jump so soon after a drop-out , - but assuming it works ... - Hmm . First they take us someplace safe , then we play for time , delay them long enough till we can get our own FTL engines back online . - Double-cross them , you mean . - Yeah . No , we can 't do that . If they have offered to help us ... It 's a fantastic opportunity to take advantage of their generosity , yes . - ( WRAY SIGHS ) - That 's not a good idea . Why not ? I mean , at that point , they 're in no position to harm us . No , but in case you 've forgotten , they still hold the key to us dialing Earth . Where are Park and Brody ? ELI : Effecting repairs on some of the damaged systems . And what are you doing ? Monitoring the ship 's power levels . Yeah ? It might interest you to know that you 're bleeding energy from one of the weapons platforms . Shoot . ( CONSOLE BEEPING ) Here . ( TAPPING ) Go and help Park and Brody . - I 'm in the middle of the ... - Go . Maybe I 'll go help Park and Brody . I know . I screwed up . No . It 's a minor oversight , one of many , as of late , but you haven 't screwed up . Not yet , anyway . I 'm sure with your present attitude , it 's only a matter of time . Yeah , you know , I get it . People are depending on the boy genius . I can 't let them down . And yet , despite all that genius , you couldn 't save the life of the woman you loved . What ? Someone bigger and stronger came along , took her away from you , and there wasn 't a thing you could do about it . I 'm sure you were so blinded by rage you even imagined getting revenge on the guy that killed her , beating the bully at his own game . Even if you had , it wouldn 't have changed a damn thing . You 'd still be getting up in the morning , she 'd still be dead . I 'm out of here . You know , we grew up taught to believe that everyone 's equal , that you 're no better than anyone else . ( SCOFFING ) Of course , that 's a lie . Some are better than others , and it 's those who recognize what makes them better , and learn to exploit that , who succeed . You 've got so much potential , Eli . You 're capable of success beyond your wildest dreams , but the only way that you can achieve that , you 've got to make sure you don 't get beaten down . You can 't give up , not now you 're so close . YOUNG : Am I interrupting something ? Telford communicated with the Ursini and is on his way back from the seed ship . Looks like we got ourselves a deal . All right , let 's let them know we 're ready . So this should work , in principle . It 's really no different than when the shuttle jumps in FTL with Destiny . Except that the shuttle is massively smaller than Destiny , and designed to do that , while we 're three times the size of the seed ship and just hoping for the best . There 's also the fact that we 're attempting to jump in the three-hour danger window . But what 's the worst that can happen ? It doesn 't work . VOLKER : ( CHUCKLES ) Hell , no . It actually does work , and at some point we detach , and the ship 's million-year-old structural integrity gives , and we end up vaporized . That 's the worst that can happen . Are you guys done ? Less than a minute before we jump . - Here we go . - ( INTERCOM BEEPS ) We are about to attempt the coupled jump into FTL . In approximately four hours , we will drop out to a safer area . Once there , we 'll have time to effect any necessary repairs before launching the attack on the command ship . Counting down from three , two , one . - It 's working . We 're in FTL . - ( EXHALES ) And we 're still in one piece . - How we doing ? - Shields are strong and holding . Structural integrity sound . Did they tell you ? We made a deal . Once we 've defeated the command ship , the aliens are going to help us dial Earth . Chloe ? Are you okay ? ( WHOOSHING ) VOLKER : We dropped out of FTL . PARK : Already ? Maybe there 's a problem . Contact the seed ship . VOLKER : Oh , no . PARK : What is that ? I 'm guessing that 's their command ship . - We 've been tricked . - So much for our deal with the Ursini . ( BEEPING ) - We just got a message from the seed ship . - YOUNG : What does it say ? " Target the command vessel . " Damn it . Colonel ? Let 's engage the enemy . ( CONSOLE BEEPING ) I 've got to get back to the bridge . ( GROANS ) Let me help . - Whoa , where are you taking her ? - To the bridge . I have to check with the Colonel . MAN : Over here ! Get in there ! WOMAN : Run ! Shields are holding ! The drones have positioned themselves between Destiny and the command ship . - We 're not getting anywhere near it . - Captain , this is Eli . Chloe escaped her quarters . - Where the hell did she go ? - I have no idea ! But she might be dangerous . Brody , seal off that section . - Lieutenant Scott ? - We 'll find her , sir . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) - What the hell happened ? - Change of plans . I guess your friends suspected a double-cross and decided to act first . ( EXPLOSIONS ) ( BUZZING ) ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) ( GASPS ) This is Lieutenant Scott . Chloe has broken containment . ( RUMBLING ) - ( BEEPING ) - Shields are starting to weaken ! Let 's get a message to the seed ship . Tell them we need to make a strategic retreat . We 'll regroup , take another run at this later . - Glad you could make it . Where 's Rush ? - No clue . - How we doing ? - There 's just too many of them . ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) You said you wanted to help me ? Here 's your chance . ( EXPLOSIONS RUMBLING ) Put one under ... Under like this . Chloe ? Chloe ! Step away from that console . - Chloe ! - It 's too late . - What did you do ? - ( EXPLOSIONS RUMBLING ) Chloe , what did you do ? Shields are weakening , and several weapons platforms are down ! - Damn it . - What do they say ? Nothing . They 're not responding . VOLKER : The drones are giving as good as they get . There 's no way we 're getting to that command ship . - We might want to consider falling back . - There 's nowhere to fall back to . ( EXPLOSIONS ) English - US - SDH
