 This is what Destiny intended from the moment it entered the star system . That ship is the best chance we have of getting home . - Are we done ? - We 'll never be done . You shouldn 't have left him on the planet . You think I don 't know that ? Everyone thinks we 're safe . They think that they 'll never find us again . Why did you take one of our people prisoner ? We 're not safe , are we ? They 're coming ! - Who 's coming ? Lucian Alliance , they 're coming to take Destiny . There 's only one way this is gonna end if we wait . I 'm not surrendering this ship . I 've managed to find a clue which may give us control of this ship once and for all . It 's the number of chromosomes in the human DNA . All we have to do now is run through the variations . I was never your conscience , Nicholas . I haven 't forgotten you , Gloria . There can only be one commander , and Kiva 's dead . What are we doing to get the ship back ? They 're going to kill me . I thought you were going to get some sleep . Yeah , so did I. What 's going on here , then ? Some sort of crash . The interface is frozen . Yeah ? Why didn 't you call me ? Well , I was going to try a restart first . That 's fixed it in the past . - What did you just do ? - Seems I fixed the problem . - Yeah , I can see that . How ? - Good night , Dr. Park . Glad to see you have everything well in hand . Wait , where are you going ? For a walk . You get into trouble next time , call me . You 're not going to tell anyone , are you ? - Gloria . - Your program finally worked . Unlocked the master code . You found the keys to controlling all of Destiny 's systems , everything . And you 're not going to tell anyone , are you ? Ancient legend said the address led to great understanding . It could make you as powerful as the Gods . Which Gods ? Don 't ask me . I assume it meant God-like power . Like the ascended Ancients . If you could control time and space ... Wait . You think that Destiny is capable of that ? I don 't know . That 's what the legend said . You asked me why the Lucian Alliance wanted the ship so badly . Why are you here ? I 'm trying to understand your perspective . You really want me to go over the last 12 or 13 years ? The how and the why of the Lucian Alliance ? They 're warlords . On my home planet , they would burn our farms , so we had nothing to eat but the food they supplied . They told our teachers what to teach . Children were given weapons and trained to fight . Two years ago , I was taken by a gang at gunpoint and told if I didn 't join the Alliance Guard my family was going to be murdered . So , you 're saying that you had no choice in any of this ? We 're not getting enough food . None of us are . We haven 't been able to replenish our supplies in some time . You 're saying we could all starve ? Yes . What are you going to do with us ? You can 't keep us locked in that hold forever . That hasn 't been determined yet . Colonel Young , he 's going to make that decision ? I will have a say . Some of us have been co-operative . Yes , you have . There is more we can do . There are those among us who are no danger to you . Please , give us a chance to prove it to you . What are they going to do with us ? They didn 't tell me anything . I 'm a traitor . You know Young . What will he do ? I used to know him . Trust me , he 's changed . You 've got to be kidding me . It 's hardly worth sitting down . Yeah , maybe we shouldn 't be giving our rations to the enemy . They 're human beings . They have rights . How we treat prisoners of war says everything about us as a moral and civil society . Which pamphlet did you get that from ? It 's what I believe . I don 't care how secure they are . I can 't sleep knowing there 's a room full of people on this ship who would kill me first chance they got . - You know , HR was my job on Icarus . - And psych evals are T.J. ' s responsibility . She 's going to need some time . It 's going to be hard enough for her to fulfill her duties as medic . Great . Fine . Thanks . The IOA reports our conflict with the Lucian Alliance in the Milky Way is escalating . Intel suggests they may be planning an attack on Earth . Have you learned anything from the prisoners ? Not yet . It would help if I could reassure them that we 're not just going to pump them for information - and then dump them on the next planet . - Really ? Well , they dumped us on a planet to die . Is everyone on board willing to starve for them ? We haven 't come to that point yet ... How ugly are you willing to let this get , Camile ? I 'm just asking because I don 't think this has anything to do with the proper treatment of POWs , and you know it . They tried to kill us , and we do not have the capability to hold onto these prisoners over the long haul . They 're not all dangerous . If you would just read my report ... " I was just following orders " is a claim that I 've heard before . People will say anything to save themselves , Camile . So we 're just going to leave them on the next viable planet and then wash our hands of it ? Let 's hope we find a viable planet . You thought this was going to be easier , didn 't you ? You thought all you 'd need to do was turn the key . This ship , its systems were designed to be run by an entire crew . Well , you have a crew . Yeah , a crew that knows what they 're doing . This is what you wanted . You know , the Ancients , they never intended Destiny to operate on its own . They were supposed to come here , in person . There was a point to this mission . There had to be . And yet , the first thing you did was turn the autopilot system back on . Until I can be sure I know how to use each function . I wouldn 't want to stop accidentally in range of another binary pulsar , would I ? Good plan . You see , right now , I 'm trying to understand why Destiny stops at some planets and not others . Maybe they 're just rest stops . Designed to let people get out , stretch their legs , smell the roses , but in the grand scheme of Destiny 's greater mission , not very important . Certainly environments can change significantly through the years , become dangerous , even . But that would mean Destiny 's got some kind of real-time subspace link to the gates . And look , here , this planet we 're approaching , different classification entirely , not merely locked out , but it seems to be non-functional . So it seems . So very helpful . Do you remember the long walks we used to take in the gardens back home ? Wherever we were , we 'd always find a quiet place to call our own . That 's it . We need food now . This planet we 're approaching should be rich in plant life . A big red X generally means " Danger , don 't go there , " doesn 't it ? Is this your only purpose , to question my actions ? So , what are you going to do ? Oh , well , I 'll take that as a yes , then . There has to be a reason the Destiny dropped out . There is . - Where have you been ? Busy . We 're in range of a planet that looks like it may have food and water . Riley says there are no gates . Shuttle range . Wow , look at that . Well , how does Destiny have data on a planet with no gate on it ? Well , there is a gate on it . It appears to be non-functioning . So Destiny just happened to drop out close enough for us to use the shuttle ? - That 's convenient ... - Well , it 's not magic . As I 've been doing all along , I 've been telling Destiny any way I can how short of resources we are . Well , we 'll send a team . Okay , I suggest we land close to the gate , try and determine why it 's not working , maybe even repair it . Shuttle trip will take just under an hour . Less than seven hours total is not much time . However , if we can get the gate operational , we 'll be able to transport a lot more food and water than the shuttle . Two gates cannot dial each other in this close a proximity . This planet may well be in range the next time we drop out of FTL . If we can get the gate active , we might be able to dial back down the line . You want to go ? - No , no , I should stay here . - Oh , what 's more important right now ... Well , there 's a number of systems that 's been malfunctioning of late . I 'm working on those , actually . - Sir . T.J. I 'm almost ready to go . Just packing up my kit . You ... You sure ? Well , I 'll admit I 'm not 100 % , but we 're low on medicinals , and I know we 'll only be there a few hours , so I should at least take a look around . I 'll take it easy . Yeah . Yeah , I just ... You know , I wanted to make sure you 're okay . - Good luck down there . - Thanks . Dr. Rush has pinpointed the Stargate 's position on the surface , and I 've plotted a course . Colonel Young , this is Scott . All systems are go . - We are ready for take-off . - Go ahead , Lieutenant . Roger that . I 'm worried about you , Nicholas . Yeah , so am I. I 've got work to do , and I can 't seem to leave myself alone . You 're missing things . Dr. Franklin . It 's too much for one person . I don 't care how smart you are . Okay , so tell me . What am I missing ? Well , for one , the data on the planet . It 's extensive . What about it ? You didn 't notice the volcanic activity ? The atmospheric super-rotation ? A few minutes away now . It 'll be fine . They 'll be fine . You 've based your calculation on optimal structural integrity . I based it on the specs in the database . Which don 't account for flaws that were developed over , I don 't know , say , a million-plus years . Lieutenant Scott , this is Dr. Rush . Do you read ? Yeah , I hear you . Go ahead . You 're about to enter an area of atmospheric super-rotation . Okay , what does that mean ? Well , I 've done some calculations , and you will experience some excessive turbulence , but nothing the shuttle wasn 't built to handle . Okay , thanks for the heads-up . All right , you heard the man . Hang on . It could be a little bit bumpy . Not so bad . Whoa ! All right , hang on , guys , hang on ! Lieutenant Scott , do you hear me ? Lieutenant Scott , can you hear me ? Yeah . Loud and clear . We made it . Glad to hear it . Check back in once you 've landed . Will do . Scott out . - Hang on ! - What 's going on ? Just lost power ! Half of the systems are down . Come on , come on ... You 've got to give me something . You 've got to give me something . Come on . - Pull up ! - I can 't ! - T. J ? - Yeah ? Is anyone hurt ? - Over here . - You okay ? - Yeah . He 's got a pulse . - Everyone else okay ? - Yup . Yup . - Dunning , you all right ? - Yeah . Just relax . It 's okay , just relax . - Relax . - I can 't move . Okay , don 't try . Now , just tell me where it hurts . It doesn 't hurt . I can 't feel my legs at all . - Where 's Rush ? - No idea . I called him . This is Young . Go ahead , Lieutenant . Still not sure what happened , sir . Like Rush said , it was a pretty rough ride through the atmosphere . Whoa , what do you mean , " Like Rush said " ? He called to warn us on the ship 's comm , but it seemed like we made it through fine . Then shortly after , I lost flight control . Injuries ? Riley 's legs are pinned for now . T.J. ' s working on him . Everyone else is fine . Right now we 're trying to get the back door open . We took a lot of damage , sir . One of the windows is gone . Bottom line , I don 't think we 're going to be flying out of here . - Destiny is going to jump in six hours . - And we can 't stop it . Lieutenant , this is Rush . You need to find the gate , get it operational . Hopefully , the next time Destiny drops out , we 'll still be in range . All right , copy that . I 'll check back in 30 minutes . All right , you have a decent idea which direction to go to find the gate ? - We 'll figure it out . - Hey , how 's Riley ? I don 't know . All right , LT , you take Eli , Volker and Greer . Okay , let 's go . He 's wedged in there pretty good . I 'm not sure we should be trying to move him anyway . We 're gonna have to eventually . I 'm sure you 're thinking this probably wouldn 't have happened had we not been so desperate for food and water . - That doesn 't matter now . - I reported to the IOA . - I don 't care . - They insist that you keep - the prisoners on board ... Colonel ... - Camile , I don 't care . We need backup in the prisoners ' hold immediately ! Stand down ! Back up against the wall ! Now ! Hold it right there ! Break it up ! Grab his arm ! Stand down now ! Hey , come on , over here ! Lieutenant ! Sergeant ! I got him ! Hold him down ! Everett ! Leave it ! I don 't see anything ! I 've got no addresses coming up . - Well , this is where it should be . You sure ? No , if I was sure , there 'd be a gate here . Okay , stop , stop , stop ! Okay , I 'm going to try and reach in there and see if I can feel anything . Okay ? Lift it up . T.J. , we can 't hold this ... - Okay ! His leg 's stuck pretty good . I think the pressure 's actually helping cut off circulation to a wound . Okay . Destiny just jumped . This is not good . Oh , try not to panic . Experience tells me that this is a very good time to panic . What are the odds it will still be in range next time it drops out ? It 's impossible to know . Hey ! I found it . The gate ? You can see it from there ? Where ? I ... I don 't see it . Look down . You need to sleep or you 're just gonna make more mistakes . You know , it would be easier if you would actually help . What makes you think I can ? - Can I speak to Franklin ? - Who ? One of two things is happening here . Either I 'm losing my mind or you and Dr. Franklin are somehow being manifested by the ship in order to communicate with me . Now , he tends to be a little bit more helpful when it comes to technical matters . Let 's see . What are you trying to do ? Figure out how to control how long Destiny stops when it drops out of FTL . Okay , can 't help you with that , sorry . Right . I am losing my mind , then . There don 't seem to be any Stargates coming up in Destiny 's immediate path . Now , I 'll have to stop this ship soon or we 're going to be out of range of the planet the team 's stranded on . And with no other gates in range , you don 't know how to explain to everyone else why the ship has stopped . Exactly . I can 't just keep dropping in and out of FTL . I 'm going to damage the drives permanently . They have to run for a minimum of four hours each time they 're activated , which means , next time I drop out , I 've got one last shot at this . Why don 't you just tell the truth ? Ask for help ? No ... No , I can 't . Because Colonel Young can 't be trusted ? He let the Lucian Alliance take over this ship . The man is mentally unstable . And he 's getting worse all the time . He nearly just killed a man . Your negligence caused the shuttle to crash . The situation is desperate because of him . He 's not fit to lead this mission . - Hey . - How 's Riley ? He 's stuck pretty good . He 's ... He 's losing a lot of blood . There 's no way to get him free ? T.J. thinks the pressure from the wreckage is what 's keeping him from bleeding out . There 's got to be something we can do . Let 's get this gate uncovered . Are you in any pain ? I 'm okay . You ever been in this situation before ? Stuck on an alien planet after a shuttle crash ? No , this one 's a first for me . I meant having to tend to someone that you knew was gonna die . Yeah . I have . Sounds crazy , but I came so close lately with the explosion and then getting shot . I kind of figured that maybe it just wasn 't my time . I 'm not all that spiritual , but my mother 's pretty religious . Anglican . She 'd be praying for me right now if she knew . My dad , he always said it was stupid , but he always went to church with her . I won 't leave you if it ... If it comes to it . Do you believe in anything ? God ? The afterlife ? I don 't know . Since we 've been here , we 've seen some incredible things . We know that there 's so much we don 't understand , beings more powerful than us . Can I tell you something that I haven 't told anyone ? Sure . Who am I going to tell , right ? Remember that planet that we stopped at that we thought was created by aliens ? Yeah . I know this sounds crazy , but I went back there . I don 't know if it was a dream , a vision maybe . They said that they came and got me . They have my baby , and she 's safe there . Do you believe that ? It felt real . And I don 't know how to explain it . I want it to be possible . It 's just that little ... Little bit of hope . It makes things bearable , so ... So I let it live . I want to apologize for my people 's behavior . Next viable planet we stop at , you 're all going to be left there . I expect co-operation until such time or appropriate force will be used to maintain order . You know , I think I remember reading somewhere that a big enough explosion close enough to a Stargate can detonate the super-conductive material that it 's made of . The resulting explosion can take a chunk out of a planet . Well , it 's not going to ... It 's not gonna be that big . You 're sure ? I ... We don 't have much of a choice , do we ? It could take weeks to dig this thing out . Hopefully , the blast won 't damage the gate . Do you want me to flip the switch or not ? - Yeah , yeah . Oh , yeah , sure ... - I 'm flipping the switch . No , flip it already . Fire in the hole ! That was pretty big . I used the communication stones . Okay . We 'll just skip over the fact that I didn 't authorize that . I have a short list . Based on intel provided by both myself and Camile Wray . You 're being ordered to keep a select number of Lucian Alliance onboard who may prove valuable . And if I don 't , I assume you 're going to tell me that you 've been ordered to relieve me of my command . You think you 've earned the trust of the men and women on this ship enough for them to follow you ? Military personnel are still in the service of Stargate Command and expected to follow orders . Rush , this is Young . Where are you ? It 's less than three hours . The address to the planet came up , but it 's still locked out . The strange thing is that there are no other planets in range . - Nothing . - Why 'd we drop out ? - Exactly . It doesn 't make sense . - Suggestions ? Try to bypass the lock-out . Dial anyway . It 's a long shot . It 's all we got . Rush , we 're headed to the Gate Room . - Where have you been ? - Engine Control Room . Doing what ? Well , the FTL drive 's still suffering some effects from the pulsar radiation , stopping at shorter intervals now , but regardless of whether we 're in range of a planet or not . You feel that ? Hey , science guys , this thing is shaking . - Someone 's trying to dial in . - Oh , clear the event horizon . - The address is here . We 've got Destiny ! - Shaking 's stopped . Everyone , back away . I 'm going to try to dial them . It 's working . It 's working ! Destiny , this is Scott . Permission to come aboard . Permission granted . Glad to see you guys are okay . Where are the others ? Riley 's not going to make it , sir . Sir . Sir , I 'm not just gonna let him die alone . Can you give me a minute ? - Yeah . - Thanks . Sorry , sir . You are a fine soldier , a good man . None of this is your fault . You know that . Don 't stay on my account . Just make them leave . I don 't want anyone to risk being stuck here . I 'm not going to be around that much longer . What can I tell your family ? Nothing really seems like enough . How long do you think he 'll last ? I don 't know . How much time until Destiny jumps ? No , we 're good . We 're fine . I don 't want you to worry , okay ? I 'd ask for your gun , but I don 't want them to blame you . Sir ... Please . I 'm in pain . I 'll get T.J. No . No ! Please . He 's gone . You know , you 'd figure being stranded on this ship in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of strangers would be the problem , but that isn 't it exactly . To Riley . It 's not , it 's not so much being out here as it is not being there . For the birthdays , the weddings , the funerals ... Simple things like just taking your nephew to school on his first day , or even taking the dog for a walk . You now , just not ... Not being there . There was nothing that could be done for Riley . Stalling Destiny any longer wouldn 't have helped him . I know . Well , you think I don 't know ? All of this is my fault . I was trying to save lives , all of our lives , not just my own . This database just confirms what I knew all along . This ship was named Destiny for a reason . It must be like Rush said , another short jump because of the radiation effect . Something just came up on sensors . This is Rush . Meet me in the observation deck . I heard the radio chatter . What 's going on ? There 's an object out there . It 's just coming into range . Well , what is it ? We 're not sure , but we 're about to find out . We 're headed straight for it . English - US - SDH
