 Previously on Fringe : When you asked me to come back to this world you said ... - You belonged with me . And so I came back for you . And we started seeing each other . I thought she was you , Olivia . I 'm sorry . Olivia was never treated with Cortexiphan . I might have been . Walter , what did you do to us ? We believed that our world needed guardians . You children would be those protectors . I 'm sorry . - The First People . - By Seamus Wiles . " They made the ultimate discovery : A mechanism containing both the power to create and to destroy . " This machine is dangerous . We put the word out that we were looking for the book . We weren 't the only ones . - Who ? - William Bell . Mm . The First People . You and your secrets . Yes . Call Agent Dunham , please . They all say essentially the same thing ? Not essentially . Precisely . Despite being attributed to different authors . A fantastical idea . And I have yet to uncover why William was pursuing it . That being said , information in the books led us directly to the coordinates where we recovered pieces of the device . Which makes them impossible to discount . I 'd been thinking about the journal the other Olivia wrote while here . Perhaps her writing might shed some light . No . I read her file . She didn 't mention The First People or the device . Oh , I hadn 't realized . I imagine that must have been awkward reading her account of her time with Peter . Though it seems somewhere along the way she did develop genuine feelings for him . I see . And did that surprise you ? No . I mean , I understand how that could happen . But what ? Just makes me wonder if maybe he feels the same way . And I would understand if he did . I ... I was her for a while . And she 's ... She 's like me , but better . Heh . Oh , Olivia ... No , I mean , she still has her mother . She wasn 't experimented on as a child . She can laugh . She has real friends . She even wears a dress every once in a while . Yes , but even so , you don 't know what Peter is thinking . William and I , we also had a complicated relationship . If there 's one thing I regret , it 's that we never honestly acknowledged how we felt about each other . Don 't make the same mistake that I did . If you want to know how Peter feels ask him . What is it ? Whoa ! Now you can finally get the real answers to the mysteries of the universe , Warren . Tell me , oh , 8 Ball , will we get the Fowler grant ? Oh , " Outlook not so good . " Aw ! Thank you . Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy birthday , dear Warren Happy birthday to you Make a wish , Warren . I wish I never hear you guys sing again . - You 're very popular today . - Oh , yeah , once a year . Thanks , Grace . Warren ? Ninety minutes ago , 911 received a call about a suspected biological attack . B.P.D. responded , evac 'ed the building , set up a quarantine zone . - Any casualties ? - One . Dr. Warren Blake . A scientist working in the company 's RD department . The victim 's reaction doesn 't match any known biological or chemical weapon . Why would anyone kill a scientist ? What did we ever do ? Really ? Oh , my , look at this . I feel nauseated . Yeah , this is pretty disgusting . Even by our standards . I 'm not talking about the body . I fear I may have broken wind inside my suit . Hm , this is curious . Appears there isn 't a single bone left in this man 's body . This blue substance seems to be the culprit . Victim must have inhaled it . Which caused his bones to disintegrate ? Ingenious . It destroyed bone matter but was nonreactive with everything else . The work of a highly proficient chemist , no doubt . I found the source . That 's an odd delivery system . Bonus points for the creepy factor . This was definitely personal . It was his birthday . The card says , " From Madison . " So who 's Madison ? I don 't know . This was sent to Blake , but there 's no return address on it . - What are you thinking ? - That this is too big to go in a mail drop . - Did I miss something ? - Yeah , our first lead . Oh . Thank you . Broyles tracked the postal code . The package was sent from Chelsea two days ago . So I 'm just downloading the post-office security footage . Okay , let 's see if we can find our guy . " Doctor Warren Blake was noted for his recent work in vaccinating thousands of people in underdeveloped countries . " - This guy cured diseases . He saved lives . - Ha-ha-ha . All the creeps go after the good guys . Oh , my . How many times are you gonna test that ? Or is this just a way to break your diet ? Do you think I enjoy eating greasy , fried food ? You 're right . But if I can figure out exactly what this substance is then we may be able to determine where it comes from . Look . The molecules in the powder bond with calcium . But they also appear to be capsulized which preserves the agent until it 's delivered into the host ... Hm . What ? Belly and I worked on a similar technique in the ' 70s when we were trying to vaccinate people without their knowledge . We discontinued the project when Tricky Dicky tried to use our research to develop biological weapons . You worked for Nixon ? It was uncomfortable . His wife kept coming on to me . Now , little lady , let 's see what makes you tick . Because if I 'm right , this is not some rogue 's creation at all . Astrid , could you run this for me , please ? You found the suspect . Good thing lunatics still use the postal service . That makes two breakthroughs . I believe this is military . - Ours , to be precise . - U.S. military ? How would our suspect get his hands on that ? Because he 's a former Marine . His name 's Aaron Downey . Doesn 't have a criminal record , has a military one . He used his clearance to get access to the powder . He 's been out of the service for four years . What 's his last known address ? This is Dunham , I need a team in Quincy , now . No chem or bio agents . We 're clear . No chem or bio . - Dwight , take the hall . - Okay . It 's still hot . We just missed him . Just notify ... So how does a Marine end up a terrorist ? Says here that Downey 's service record was impeccable . Then , four years ago , he just abruptly resigned his commission . - Does it say what he did after that ? - No . He was off the grid for a couple of years . But when he did resurface , he bought this house . - All cash . - Interesting . So who is she ? She was obviously important to him . Maybe she knows where he is . You okay ? Do you still think about her ? Excuse me ? You 've bought me a hundred cups of coffee . You know I take it black with one sugar . You brought one with milk . I 'm assuming that 's the way the other Olivia likes hers . Yes . I think about her all the time . I think about how she used my feelings for you to manipulate me . How she lied to me and everybody else . No , before you knew she wasn 't me . She was fun , right ? She had an easier smile . That 's what you said . I said that because I wanted you to know that I noticed the differences . But I thought it was because of me . Because of us . I thought that I was bringing out a different side in you . But it was never because I wanted to be with her more . Because I don 't . I 'm sorry about the coffee . Agent Dunham , they 've got something downstairs . - Can you finish up here ? - Yup . Military ordinance is serialized . The serial numbers have been filed down . They 're stolen . So where are the other three ? He 's here . Freeze . Freeze . FBI . Mr. Downey 's been stabilized , but there 's swelling in the brain that 's pushing down on the brainstem effectively cutting off the blood supply . So , what are the chances he 'll regain consciousness ? We just don 't know . The brain damage is substantial . - May I see his medical chart ? - Sure . If he does come out of the coma he won 't be able to talk , or swallow , or even breathe without a machine . Okay . Thank you , doctor . - So much for interrogating him . - Hmm . What is it , Walter ? There 's still neural activity in the cerebrum . Low levels , but it 's there . I may know a way to question the suspect but I 'll need to go back to the lab first to think about it . Uh , the woman in the photos at Downey 's house , it 's his ex-wife . She agreed to come in and talk to us . Walter , we 'll drop you off at the lab . This is Dr. Warren Blake . We found his body yesterday . Do you know him ? Oh . He finally ... He finally did it . He said he was going to kill him . I just never took him seriously . I 'm sorry . What are you saying ? Aaron left the Marines to do some private contractor work . The money was really good , but he had to be overseas for a couple of years . When he got home , we wanted to start a family . It was great at first . I mean , I got pregnant and we bought a house . And then , um , seven months into the pregnancy our baby died . Oh , I 'm so sorry . The doctors said that there was something wrong with Aaron . Some DNA pathogen that he passed on to our child . Aaron was convinced that it had something to do with his time overseas . He kept talking about a weapons project . That he must have been exposed to something . Dr. Blake was the scientist who oversaw it . Sara , did he happen to tell you the name of that project ? No , Aaron never said ... All he talked about was Dr. Blake . He blamed him for Maddy 's death . Maddy ? Madison . That was gonna be our daughter 's name . - She died like all the others . - What others ? There were two other men in Aaron 's unit . He never told me their names , but their babies died the same way . I 'm sorry to ask you this , but how did your daughter die ? They said it was some kind of bone disease . It left her without a skeleton . So we have three missing canisters and two men with a grudge . You 're thinking revenge too ? Well , he killed Blake with his own weapon . I 'm gonna call Broyles and see if he can dig up Blake 's old research grants . If we find out more about this project then we can find the names of the other men . Hello ? Peter , I need to be picked up . Where are you calling me from , Walter ? Uh , New Hampshire , I believe . Mile marker 259 on the l-89 . Uh , Peter , bring your wallet . I haven 't got any money and I 'm starving . Walter , you still haven 't told us : Where exactly were you driving to ? I didn 't see the gas light come on . That wasn 't my question . In the Wooster Cortexiphan Trials there was a boy , Simon Phillips . He lives just up the road here . I believe he may be able to help us . - Help us how ? - Peter , don 't spill it . The paint on the car is very delicate . Broyles pulled all the names from the Wooster Cortexiphan Trials months ago . And I don 't remember a Simon Phillips . Because he wasn 't in the records . He didn 't complete the program . Simon was beginning to develop the ability to read minds . We hadn 't intended it to happen . None of the other children were affected in such a way . You threw him out of the trial , didn 't you , Walter ? Because you knew if he read your mind , he 'd know your secret . That you 'd taken me from the Other Side . Whether or not he completed the trial is inconsequential . He had the ability once . - How do you he can still access it ? - It 's probably dormant . If I can somehow re-activate Simon 's ability then we could use him to read Downey 's mind and find out where the next attack 's coming from . Oh , look . Punch buggy . Blue . I don 't think this guy 's big on company . I 'm guessing you didn 't call ahead . Mr. Phillips ? Hello ? You don 't have to be so nervous . We don 't think he 's home . I 'm not nervous . It was a long car trip . I need to pee . How do we know that he still lives here ? Yes , I know who you are . No , I wouldn 't call it wonderful at all . Maybe you don 't know . Bacon , unicorns , Peter 's birthday , dash of cinnamon . Z2 equals Z1 squared plus C. Reiden Lake . What does that mean ? Huh ? What are you trying to do to me ? Nothing . Nothing . It 's just my mind does that sometimes . - You need to leave . - Put your gun down . How come I can 't hear you ? Why can 't I read you ? She 's another Cortexiphan subject . Sometimes you children are immune to each other 's abilities . I know what it 's like . Soon , the first homo sapiens ... By now ... We be so arrogant ... Composition ... What 's wrong with you ? Every new thought he reads is an added stressor . To cope , his brain pumps adrenalin and cortisol into his system . Naturally , he experiences headaches , nausea , accelerated heart rate . That 's why he gets sick . How many more , Walter ? How many more are gonna come crawling out of the woodwork ? - Thanks . - You 're welcome . It 's refreshing , you know ? Not , uh ... Not being able to read your mind . It 's the , um ... It 's the first real conversation I 've had in 20 years . So it started when I was about 10 . It was , uh , small at first . Just hearing other kids ' thoughts at school . But then it kept getting worse . And now I can 't control it . I can 't turn it off . Whenever I get within 50 feet of another person , it 's like ... Is that why you live here ? Alone ? It 's the only place that 's quiet . You know how it feels to be burdened with something that makes it impossible for you to relate to another person ? That makes you feel completely alone in the world ? I can imagine . Simon , I know dealing with our capabilities can sometimes be difficult but they can also help people . Look , I don 't have to be able to read your mind to know you want something . What is it ? We need you to help with an investigation . - We need you to read a suspect 's mind . - No , I don 't think so . Please , Simon . Come back to Boston with me . A city the size of Boston ? You gotta be joking . All those thoughts , they 're like millions of needles in my brain . - There 's gotta be another way . - I know what I 'm asking . But , Simon , I 'm afraid that if you don 't help us , more people will die . Please . Can you believe Barry ? Pulling this on us ? Emergency board meeting at 5 : 00 ? I got dinner in the city in an hour . Ninety-three 's gonna be brutal . Is this a joke ? " Happy birthday from Carla " ? All non-critical patients in the lobby . Take Mr. Johnson to the cafeteria . - We 've got beds set up there . - Okay . We are moving them as quickly as we can . - Thank you . - Can I ask what this is for ? We need a mind reader to help us find a bomb . We should think of a backup plan . You got any ideas ? It 's not working , is it ? Maybe if you ask him a question . Okay . Aaron , can you focus on my voice ? Can you hear me talking to you ? There 's something wrong with me . Aaron , who were you working with ? Who else was a part of the project ? You okay ? Get me a pen . Well , what about the plate of vegetables ? Let 's just assume the vegetables are inconsequential . Was there any reference in Downey 's file to a Maryann ? No . Okay , what about Project Jellyfish ? Jellyfish are one of few creatures without any bones . The weapons program Blake and Downey worked on . Yeah . That 's got to be it . Broyles . Look , he can barely function around people . The Cortexiphan Trials ruined his life . I mean , he 's broken . Olivia , I know what you 're thinking . You and he are nothing alike . There 's been another attack . Same M.O. Killed three senior executives at Canopy One . Canopy One , the defense contractor ? You think that 's who 's funding the weapons project ? I don 't know . I 'm gonna call Nina . She 's had more experience with the Defense Department . Let me know if you two turn anything up . Did it help ? We don 't know yet . But we 're , uh ... We 're hoping so . Who is she ? You had drawings of her in your cabin . She , uh , works at a coffee shop by my house . What 's she like ? She 's perfect . You haven 't met her , have you ? I see her sometimes when I drive by . Is it because you think it would be too painful ? Like , even if she pretended to be nice , or to be my friend or even flirted with me out of some kind of pity I would know how she really feels . That I 'm too much of a freak for her to even consider being with . But you don 't know that . That 's what you 're afraid is gonna happen . And so what if you find out that she 's not interested or that there 's somebody else on her mind or that she doesn 't love you . I mean , isn 't it ? Isn 't it better to know ? No one should know exactly what someone else is thinking . Probably not . But I wouldn 't mind having that ability right now . Officially , Project Jellyfish never existed . You brought me out here to tell me that ? No . Send Agent Edwards in , please . I might have guessed that this involved the CIA . It doesn 't . But Nina asked me to do some digging . And we both know that what Nina Sharp wants , she gets . So Jellyfish . It was a weapons project . Three men carried out the live field tests . - How did they survive ? - Apparently they were inoculated . But when they tried to start families ... The toxin affected their unborn children . I couldn 't find anything in Downey 's personnel file you haven 't already seen . But I found something in the D.O.D. payroll database . Turn to the last page . In addition to a large cash payment Downey was given three acres of government land . Farmland in Pembroke , 25 miles south of Boston . How 's it coming ? Are we good ? Yeah . We 're good . We 're fine , the powder is fully oxidized . Jeez . The vest would allow them to spread the powder themselves . Yeah , in large quantities . Looks like they got bigger plans than three guys in an elevator . And then there 's this . Looks like a map of their next target , right ? Maybe an overhead view ? Dunham . Congressman Jim Thorn . Isn 't he a former Army general ? He was senior military advisor to the Joint Chiefs at the time of Project Jellyfish . - So you think he approved the project ? - I need to alert Thorn 's detail . Didn 't Simon write something about Maryann ? What ? When he was reading Downey 's mind . He saw an image of the name Maryann . - Yeah , why ? - Because I think I just found her . That 's the fine arts museum . Okay , so what does the museum have to do with Congressman Thorn ? He 's holding a fundraiser . It 's an event for 300 of his top donors . It started half an hour ago . I 'm not going home , am I ? Peter 's inside briefing the congressman . - How good a shot are you ? - Uh , I 'm okay . Why ? If those guys have a hand trigger , you 'll only get one shot . Put it through the mouth , sever the spine . Suspects won 't have a chance to detonate . Are you sure he 's up for this ? I hope so . Because without Simon , we can 't identify the suspects . If Simon can 't do it , you get out of there . Agent Dunham with the FBI . - Where 's Thorn ? - Inside . We 've been through this with Bishop . Why haven 't you taken him to safety ? Ever tell a general to take a death threat seriously ? I 've already seen what these guys are capable of . And everyone here is at risk , so you keep him in the back . The tall one thinks you 're hot . - Making our way to the ground floor . - Copy that . - Unh . - Okay . It 's okay , you can do this . You 're not supposed to be here . You 're not supposed to be here . This area 's for staff only . We 're looking for the restroom . He 's had a bit too much to drink . Who is she ? A cop ? I have to get out , I have to get out . - The restroom 's downstairs . - Thank you . - That 's him . That 's him . - What ? - Are you sure ? - Yeah . Okay , you wait here . Damn it . Suspect one 's down , he 's not wearing the vest . Other suspect must be carrying the toxin . - Copy that . - I 'm going back out there with Simon . She 'll be all right , Peter . I don 't know . I think ... As long as you 're taken care of . Do you like coffee ? I don 't know . I think ... Where 's Thorn ? Something 's not right . They know . This is not how it 's supposed to go . He 's here . - Something 's definitely wrong . - There . Blue tie . Thorn should be here by now . I 'm sorry , sir , you can 't come through here . I 'm , uh ... I 'm looking for my wife . She went out onto the balcony . You need to use a different exit . Coffee . Black , one sugar . - Thank you . - And I 've been meaning to tell you you look great in the dress . Thank you . It doesn 't have to be like this , you know . Living out here the way that you do . I guess what I 'm trying to say is that you should go and talk to that girl . You still don 't understand , Olivia . We 're not supposed to know what people think . Simon , don 't let your ability stop you from living your life . I may not be able to read your mind , but I read his . This is what it 's like to be me . No . Didn 't bring your bowling shoes . That 's gonna be a problem if you intend to break 100 . Maybe next time . Tonight I have a different problem . Tell me about The First People . Start with why those books seem to indicate that you wrote them . Then move on to what the device is intended for . So you found it ? You never told me about this . I 'm not your problem , Peter Bishop is . Go on . Okay . What I can tell you is this : That device can either be used as a tool of creation or a weapon of destruction . Depends on your point of view . And Peter Bishop is uniquely tuned to operate it . Whatever frequency Peter 's vibrating at will determine how the machine reacts . And what determines Peter 's frequency ? It depends on his state of mind . Which , in turn , will depend on who he ends up with : Olivia from here or Olivia from over there . Whichever one he chooses , it 'll be her universe that survives . So in that case , there 's no cause for concern . He 'll choose our Olivia . I wouldn 't be so sure of that .
