 Previously on Fringe ... I 've been seeing him in my dreams for the past three weeks . A shared vision like this- - he must be real . Father and son just pulled a man from the middle of Reiden Lake . He knows things no one outside this division could possibly know . Olivia , thank God you 're here . Who are you ? He 's saying that his name is Peter Bishop . Hello , Walter . I don 't know who you are or why you claim to be my son . My son drowned . I know this must be confusing for you . I need you to help me figure out why no one remembers me . Why you don 't remember me . Wherever you came from , however you got here , it doesn 't matter . I can 't help you . I thought I 'd gotten rid of you . I don 't think so . It took me three years to finally get you . You 're not getting rid of me that easily . Where 'd you disappear to ? I was checking up on Walter . He found the swing set , and you know how he feels about Newtonian mechanics . You know what this is ? The perfect day . Yes . The perfect day . It 's too bad it has to end . And why would it have to end ? We can 't ignore the problem , Peter . Ignoring it won 't make it go away . I don 't understand . What 's the problem ? What 's wrong , Olivia ? You , Peter . You 're the problem . I 'm sorry if I woke you up . That 's all right . I was already awake . There 's something going on . And we think it has something to do with you . With your appearance here . Okay . What kind of something ? We 're not sure . But we think it has to do with time . Mommy . Mommy , look what I caught . Ew , get it away from me . Got you . It 's fake , mommy . See . Thank goodness . 'Cause you never know when a spider 's gonna get you . Okay , I 'm almost done here , and then we 'll read together , okay ? What are you in the mood for ? Burlap Bear . Burlap Bear . That 's my favorite . Samantha ? Sam ? Sam , where are you ? Oh , my God . Mommy . Mommy , what is it ? Oh , my . Sam . ♪ Fringe 4x06 ♪ And Those We 've Left Behind Original Air Date on November 11 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ So what are you thinking ? First chance I 've had to look outside since I got back . Looks exactly like I remembered . Uh , I meant , what do you think about what I told you in regard to the time anomalies ? Oh . Uh ... People in Boston reporting strange events of deja vu . Well , it 's not just deja vu . Some of them are reporting time loops . I don 't really know what that means . I mean , what is a time loop ? Like Groundhog Day ? Look , I 'm not trying to be difficult , but what does this have to do with me anyway ? Shortly before you arrived , we experienced our own anomalies having to do with time- - strange reversals in cause and effect . Is that why you 're taking me to Massive Dynamic ? To run more tests ? You think these time anomalies may be because of me ? Yeah . So what 's Walter 's theory ? Walter doesn 't have a theory . He 's made it pretty clear that he doesn 't really want to have anything to do with you . - Dunham . Hey , it 's Lincoln . There 's been another incident . Walter , I 'm not sure if I 'm doing this right . Hang on . Here it is . " A short emission should indicate " Universe breach and extend to the infected area . " Did you spray ? Yeah . Twice . No reaction . Maybe third time 's the charm . Negative . There 's no change in color or anything . It would seem that this event is not caused by a bleed-through from the other Universe . Well , it 's a wonderful device nonetheless , despite the poorly-written instruction manual . Okay , you just stay here , don 't touch anything , and don 't talk to anyone . It looks like there was a fire here but with no apparent cause . The damage just happened in an instant . A flash fire ? Except there were no flames . And that 's not the weirdest part . According to the mother , for the duration of the event , her daughter went from being a five-year-old to an infant . Mommy , where 's Emily ? Samantha , it 's okay . We can buy a new one . I don 't want a new one . I want Emily . Well , are you sure you didn 't put her somewhere else ? She was here . I remember . We were having a circus . And you can 't have a circus without an elephant . Is that Emily ? Emily ! A little smoky , but otherwise okay . Thank you . Emily . Let 's see . So you really think I caused all this ? I don 't know . Fire Marshal says they 've never seen anything like it . Some areas burnt next to places that are completely undamaged . The outside wall had scorch marks that made a perfect circle . It 's almost like the fire burned in the shape of a ball . Fire Marshal said that there was another fire here four years ago . Well , that fits with what the woman was saying about her daughter becoming an infant . So we 're thinking what , that this whole place flashed back to four years ago ? We need to get him back to the lab . I want Dr. Bishop to run those tests immediately . Walter is refusing to do anything that involves him . Dr. Bishop doesn 't get to choose which cases he works and which he doesn 't . It 's his job to investigate Fringe events , and , until something suggests otherwise , he is a Fringe event . The subject can lower the arms . You can call me Peter . Subject does not have an elevated radiation level . Nor does it have any trace chemical signatures . Subject appears to be solid , not phasing in and out of existence . You can inform Agent Broyles that I 've completed the examination , and I conclude that this subject is not the cause of the time-related phenomena . Walter , you couldn 't possibly know that so quickly . If I was erased from this timeline and then thrown back into it , then it stands to reason those two things could be related . I 'll be in my bedroom working on the problem . I do not wish to be disturbed . He lives here ? Since when ? Since I checked him out of a mental institution three years ago . Now this lab is the only place that he feels safe . Okay . If he won 't help me , I 'll just do it myself . Does he still keep all his notes on worm holes in the bathroom ? You think this has something to do with time travel ? No . Not exactly . I think this has something to do with time displacement . And I think that , when I came back here , I somehow damaged the space-time continuum . And , if that 's the case , there may not actually be any rules to it . Like the apartment . The fire and the baby . The mother didn 't revert to a younger age , but her daughter did . - Yeah . Precisely . I can 't explain it yet , but , as far as I can tell , these anomalies are just gonna keep on increasing exponentially . I mean , if we can judge anything by the damage done by that fire in the apartment , these things are just gonna keep on getting worse . We 're already over an hour late . Why does this always happen ? Relax , Creeper . We 're totally gonna make it in time for the bands that don 't suck anyway . Whatever . You just think Aluminum Rain rules the known universe . Yeah , some day they 're gonna make it big and you two are gonna say you liked ' em all along . Dylan , this is my solemn promise . I will never say that I liked Aluminum Rain . Look out ! Oh , my God . This is not working . I got too many competing theories . I can 't balance the equation . There 's too many variables and not enough constants . Look at this . There have been 65 time slips in the past 72 hours , all of which occurred within a 40-mile radius of downtown Boston . So because most people don 't call in deja vu to the FBI , we can assume that there is at least twice as many unreported . Now I 've categorized all of the events- - lost time , frozen moments , time jumps , reversals . What about the apartment fire ? How 'd you categorize that one ? The spherical nature of it makes it distinct from the others . Maybe we should just go back to the site and get some more- - Agent Dunham , I was going to make a bologna sandwich . Would you care for one ? No , but thank you , Walter . I 'm working on the case with Peter . We could really use you on this one . I 'd be happy to join you . As soon as my lab is available to me again . Ah ! My copy of Carroll 's Cosmology . I was just looking for that . - Walter . - It 's okay . Just let him go . He can 't even look at me . Can you blame him ? Seeing the adult version of the son that he lost . I mean , the visions he was having were unsettling enough . What visions ? For weeks before you arrived , you were appearing to him here in the lab . You weren 't aware you were doing that ? No . You were also showing up in my dreams . Almost every night . How is that possible when I 'd never even seen you before ? Olivia ... Look , you can believe whatever you like , but this is where I 'm supposed to be . This is my home . So I don 't know . Maybe you and Walter were seeing echoes of the other timeline . Just got word . A freight train appeared out of nowhere , almost took out a car full of teenagers . Are they okay ? They 're all fine . The car stopped just in time . Let 's take my car . I 'll come with you guys . If I 'm causing some sort of cosmic disruption , then there 's gonna be heightened levels of Alpha radiation , but I 'm gonna need more specific readings . The full spectrum of E.M. waves , not just the ... And did you have any warning that the train might be coming ? No , it- - it just came out of nowhere . No bells or- - or anything . So when you say that the train disappeared , what do you mean exactly ? I know it sounds crazy , but I could only see part of it , like it was passing through a window . Curved . Like looking through a bubble . Spherical . I swear , I wasn 't smoking anything . Something wrong ? How did we get here ? Um , we drove . You all right ? No . No . I am not all right . I think I just had a time jump . You 're sure about that ? Okay , thanks . The transit authority said that railroad line was decommissioned . The last train to run on that track was four years ago . Sound familiar ? The fire in the apartment building was four years ago . Well , that 's finally a piece of good news . We might actually have the makings of a ... Pattern . Boston PD held a witness for us . Let 's hope he 's got something useful . I 'll check with the CSIs . This is gonna start getting annoying . Agent Olivia Dunham . I 'm with the FBI . I was wondering if I could ask you a couple questions . What do you want to know ? So you were with another two people ? Who were they ? Yeah , um , a girl in the front and a girl in the back . So when you say that the train disappeared , what did you mean exactly ? Kind of like it was in brackets . In brackets ? Not like a bubble ? Because- - and then it was , uh , like looking through- - so it was kind of- - it was blurry . Oh . Did you ... Hey , guys . I got something . What ? Peter ? There are heightened levels of neutron radiation at the train crossing . Why didn 't you tell us that when we were at the scene ? Because I didn 't know until I was just back there a second ago . What ? It 's not important . What is important is that a piece of the bumper just crumbled into my hands . Metal degradation- - it 's a classic sign of neutron radiation . We got get those kids tested for radiation poisoning . I 'm sorry , you lost me . It doesn 't happen in nature . Cosmic radiation waves . They 're random , erratic . Neutron radiation has to be generated by human technology . So what , you 're saying you don 't think you 're responsible for what 's going on ? No . I 'm not saying that . I don 't know that . But what I am saying is that somebody has to be causing these time events . ♪ ♪ Raymond , did you remember to change the date on your dentist appointment ? Yep . I remembered . And you took your cholesterol pill this morning ? Like always , Kate . You know you don 't need to remind me of things anymore . I 've turned over a new leaf . Is that right ? After 30 years ? What would I do without you ? - Here you go . - Oh . Thank you , honey . - Success ? - No . Not yet but close . I 'm sure you 'll get it , honey . Any day now . Mm-hmm . Kate . Would you like some tea ? Who are you ? I 'm Raymond , sweetheart . I 'm Raymond . [ Styx ' Too Much Time On My Hands ' playing ] ♪ ♪ Why would anyone develop technology that would cause time collisions ? I don 't know . Why would Oppenheimer invent the bomb ? You think this is a weapon ? No , no . I don 't know that . I just- - I mean , I hope not . But regardless the neutron pulse has to come from somewhere in the vicinity of these two time bubble events . The fire and the train crossing . If we can find some kind of pattern , maybe we could locate the source . But two points isn 't really very much to go on . How about four ? I just got two new reports . Perfect circle of trees suddenly appeared in a parking garage in Chestnut Hill . Shortly after , an open pit filled with rotting garbage suddenly appeared on the eighth hole of the Franklin Park Golf Course . The course was built on top of the landfill ... Let me guess . Four years ago . Yeah , but look at it . It 's still completely random to my eyes . There 's no way to- - I am ready to present a theory . Snails ! Nautilus shells . Ram 's horns . These all have one thing in common . Fibonacci 's golden spiral . I 'll be damned , Walter . That 's it . I believe the source of these time-slips must be located in the center of the spiral . You 'll want to search a three square mile area in the vicinity of Brookline . We need to go Christmas shopping . I know , sweetheart . There 's plenty of time . It 's not even Thanksgiving yet . I 'll miss it and then it 'll be too late . I have to go . - All the stores 'll be closed- - - Hey , hey , hey . We 're not gonna miss Christmas . You hear me ? I 'm not gonna let that happen , okay ? I 'm not gonna let that happen . Don 't worry . We 'll have all the Christmases in the world . I have some work I need to do now . But I will see you soon . Raymond , did you remember to change the date for your dentist appointment ? - Yeah , I remembered . - Oh , good . And you took your- - My cholesterol pills in the morning . Yeah , you don 't need to remind me of every little thing . - Oh , really ? But I do enjoy it . This is your house here , right , ma 'am ? The gray one ? If you do notice anything out of the ordinary , please contact the FBI . Thank you for your time . I 'll check that house across the way , then . Yeah , that 's probably a good idea . If the source is around here , then it must be well hidden . Maybe it 's underground . Or hiding in plain sight . Something on your mind ? Yeah . Yeah . Those dreams that you were having- - the ones that I 'm in- - - Mm-hmm . Were we in a park ? Walter on a swing set ? What ? In the dreams , did you feel like you knew me ? Did you feel anything ? You 're a stranger , so ... What would I feel ? Maintenance guy and the gardener . Yeah , all right . I 'll just go ahead and talk to my neighbors . It 's the red one , the one on differential equations . Yeah . Got it ! Raymond ! - Raymond ! - Kate ! I need to show you something . What is it ? What 's wrong ? - I need to show you something . - What are you talking about ? Just please ! Come with me . Raymond , you 're scaring me . There 's something you need to know . Something amazing . I don 't understand . What is this ? I built it . From your work I used your theories , your concepts , your brilliance . Raymond , are you saying- - Time chambers are possible . Yes . I built it for you . Took me almost three years . It isn 't perfect yet . It only works for limited periods . I got it up to 47 minutes now . But it can 't go longer until I program it with the completed equation , Kate . Kate , listen to me . You need to complete it so we can keep the chamber open indefinitely . Raymond , what year is it ? 2007 . No , what year is it out there ? 2011 . It 's the next one over . Aah ! Aah ! Okay , Walter , I 'm as close as I 'm gonna get . Now you spray the fingerprint powder towards the suspect area . Walter , it 's huge . There 's no end to it . Probably shrouds the entire property . This is a time bubble , and if we are right- - and what 's happening is originating from there- - it would be powerful , which is why the agent was obliterated . You can 't just walk from the present into the past . You 're shattering the laws of physics . - Well , how do we get in ? - There 's only one way in . We need a Faraday cage . It 's gotta be mobile , something that can block out the electromagnetic field so that I can cross through and turn off whatever 's causing this . Walter , you need to build a moveable- - I heard the idea ! I know what a Faraday cage is ! A baboon would . Astrid ! I need a computer battery . And a spool of copper wire . And a climbing harness . And some rubber cement . I think it 's in my Spider-Man fanny pack . Walter 's working on a way to get inside . Did he happen to mention when or where we can expect another residual event like the train or the apartment fire ? I didn 't ask . What about Walter 's spiral ? It led us here to the origin . Could we use it to track where the next event will occur ? Yeah , that 's a good idea . - I need a map . - Come with me . Raymond , you need to stop this . Turn it off ! No ! You don 't understand . You don 't know what can happen . Look , we don 't have much time . You need to finish the equation . Tell me why this is happening . I don 't understand why this is happening ! Trust me , Kate . Some things are supposed to remain theories . - It wasn 't meant to be built . - Listen to me . You don 't understand what you 've done ! You don 't understand ! - Tell me why you did this ! - We don 't have time ! Raymond , why did you do this ? Did something happen to me ? Raymond ? I lost you , Kate . I lost you . We 've identified the owners of the house . Raymond and Kate Green . Raymond is an electrical engineer , Kate , Professor emeritus of theoretical physics at Boston University . Theoretical physics ? Well , that makes sense . She retired three years ago . Early onset Alzheimer 's . We have a problem . If we extend the golden spiral out to the next iteration , we find the next event 's gonna take place right there . The Melville Tunnel . Which didn 't exist four years ago . That tunnel goes under the river . There 's hundreds of people in it at any one point . If that tunnel ceases to exist , they 'll all drown . Agent Lee , get down there . Coordinate with Boston PD and start evacuating . Here . Walter calls this the Walter Bishop Faraday harness . He wanted me to tell you that . Okay , so how do I put it on ? I 'm the one who goes in . And what are you gonna do when you get inside ? I 'm gonna shut it off . How ? Walter will talk me through . We don 't even know if the comms are gonna work in there . We need someone with a science background . He 's right . No , no , you- - the primary transistor goes on the back of the neck with the prongs either side of the wearer 's spine . This goes into your neck . Course it does . I 'm sure this will get him across but I 'm not guaranteeing what will happen on the inside . Environment in the bubble may override the device . Walter , what happens if it breaks down on the inside ? Exactly the same as happened to the unfortunate fellow who turned into confetti . Walter , he 's in . The cage was a good idea . He 's very smart . We have to hurry . It 's over , Raymond . They 're outside . No , they can 't come in . It 's impossible . All you have to do is solve the problem . I already solved it . Upstairs it 's , um ... It 's why I called out to you . I haven 't written it down yet , but I have it . Yah ! Raymond , what have you done ? Peter ? Peter , can you hear me ? Agent Lee . We 've still got over 50 cars stuck down here . We 're clearing out the civilians . You have to see this . No , I thought this was impossible . But I wouldn 't give up . It wouldn 't work and then something changed . What changed ? At first , I couldn 't get it to work . And then three days ago , I got results . And five minutes turned into ten , and ten into twenty , and then ... I got it up to 47 minutes . I know it can go longer . It 's over , Raymond . They 're not going away . We 're not turning it off ! Don 't make me hurt you . No , no , no , don 't ! You can 't . The entire city block will be evaporated along with all of us . He 's right ! If it 's not shut down properly , it will cause a rip in the fabric of space-time . Then shut it down properly . An agent is already dead because of this machine , and right now , there 's a tunnel out there that 's gonna cease to exist causing who knows how many more deaths . What are you talking about ? Time displacement . There are repercussions . Repercussions I was afraid of . - I 'll shut it down . - No . Kate ! On one condition . I want immunity for my husband . He didn 't know . There 's no way he could have . Can you hear me ? Yeah , go ahead . They 've agreed to turn it off , but they 've got some conditions . I can 't go on without you . I don 't want this for us . Kate , when you got sick , it happened so fast . And all the things that you were for me and all the things that you did for me ... I didn 't have a chance to be that for you . I thought we 'd have more time . This isn 't living , Raymond . Living is what 's beyond this room , beyond this house , out there in the world where you 're supposed to be . Then if not this , how ? How do I repay you ? I mean , what- - what better thing can I do for you than this ? You say that you shouldn 't change fate , but you don 't know . You don 't know what 's waiting for you , how terrible it is . Sweetheart , I 'll never give up , Kate . Never . I 'll build it again . I can do it again . We have your completed equation--you did it . Look , all you have to do is write it in that book . I 'm not gonna give up . I 'm not gonna give up , Kate . We would have to move to- - to another place . Yes . Far away , yes . And I 'm sure you 'll find a way so that people won 't get hurt . Let ' em have their investigation . Let ' em take away all the equipment , ask their questions . I 'll build it again . I 'll build it again . Everybody , run ! Everybody , run now ! Get outta here ! All right , they 're drawing up the paperwork , but I have assurances , you will not be prosecuted . Hey , I hate to break this up , but I held up my end of the deal and we 're running out of time . I love you , Raymond . Yeah . Run ! All right . Don 't--don 't . Don 't worry about all these people here , Kate . It 's okay . It 'll be just us again . I have to go answer some questions now . Okay . A few hours and I 'll be back . A nurse will be here with you in case you need anything . All right ? I 'll be back soon . No . No . No . I know , I know . Stay here . I just need a few minutes . If you get hungry you can get a snack from the kitchen , which is just there . Yeah . Fire Marshal says they 've never seen anything like it . Good work today . Turns out it wasn 't you causing these events after all . Actually , I think it was . I think the only reason Kate 's theory worked is because of my presence here . Why do you think that ? Because I overheard Raymond telling Kate that he only started getting results three days ago . I arrived three days ago . Initially I thought it was the timeline that had to be reset , but ... now I 'm thinking that it 's me . Clearly , I 'm in the wrong place . And all the people that I know and love are somewhere else . Now I just gotta figure out how to get home . In the meantime , I can make it more comfortable while you 're here . In your debriefing , you said you were living in faculty housing with Dr. Bishop . I checked . Dr. Bishop does own a home on campus . It 's deja vu . Just so you know , there 'll be an FBI Agent stationed out the front door . Where would I run to ? So hey , do I get an allowance ? I 'll see what I can do . Okay . Thanks for the lift . I 'm gonna talk to Walter again and see if I can convince him to help you . Best of luck with that . I was important to you , wasn 't I ? I mean , the other version of me . 'Cause I see the way you look at me when you think that I 'm not aware . Yeah . Yeah , she was . She is . Well , I hope that you get back to her . Thank you . Me too . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
