 ¶ What have you got for me today ? Terra Nova S01E09 " Vs . " By Mikhel for Subtitulos.es = = SPREAD THE WORD = = TAYLOR : I 'm gonna ask you one more time . What have you told the Sixers ? We only ever did business with Mira and her people . They " quid-ed , " I " pro quo-ed . " Medical supplies for money , I never gave them any information about the inside workings of the colony . Where 's my son ? I swear I have no idea . Is he the one helping Mira communicate with 2149 ? I don 't know how she does it ! ( voice breaking ) : I don 't know anything . You know more than you 're telling me , and that 's unacceptable , so you 're gonna sit here and you 're gonna rot , until you 're ready to start answering questions to my satisfaction . Now , what have you told the Sixers ? Have a seat , Taylor , because if I have to tell you everything I don 't know all over again ... we 're gonna be here awhile . You look tired , Tom . Get some rest . We 'll talk later . Meantime ... sleep tight . ( Klaxon blaring ) How many of these do we have left ? A few . Okay , eight . Ten . But it beats digging trenches , doesn 't it ? Cleaning the hair catcher in your shower beats digging trenches , Maddy . You 're disgusting . Well , between trenches , hair catchers and pretty lanterns , I say we celebrate this Harvest Carnival , huh ? Harvest Festival . When everybody celebrates the day Commander Taylor came through the portal . That 's good . Hey . Hi . What 's all this ? Guess who got the lead in the Harvest play . Me ! No ! Yeah ! Our daughter 's gonna be playing none other than Commander Nathaniel Taylor himself . How about that ! This is very convincing . ELISABETH : It will be . We 're going to paint it gray . Dad , can I talk to you ? Yeah . Uh , you 're still grounded . Good talk , son . I know . Can I talk to you in private , please ? Okay . Good . Yeah ? Can you move ? Can you talk ? It 's about Boylan . Yeah ? Uh , I know you don 't like him . But the since the bar closed , no one 's heard from him in a while , and I was just wondering if you knew where he was . He 's been detained . So Taylor 's interrogating him ? Commander Taylor is questioning him . You don 't think Boylan 's a Sixer , do you ? I don 't know . He 's got some pretty big questions he needs to answer . I mean , just doing business with the Sixers is a big deal . Yeah , I get that . But it was just business , Dad . He 's not the first one to go behind Taylor 's ... Commander Taylor 's back . You 've done it . Do you belong in a jail cell ? Josh , this isn 't about me . I know this is all my fault . None of this would be happening if I hadn 't stolen the meds . I 'm just asking you to check on Boylan . That 's all . Please ? I 'll see what I can do . Reynolds , got a two-day drive to Med outpost Nine . Mandatory check-in every hundred klicks , full contingent report on arrival . Yes , sir . Hey , stay sharp . ( engines revving ) Move out ! You closed Boylan 's bar . That I did . Word is , you 've had him locked up in your compound for the last two days straight . That would be standard interrogation procedure . Uh-huh . You making any progress ? Well , come have a look for yourself . Mares eat oats , does eat oats , and little lambs eat ivy ... Is he okay ? Fine . I spiked his food with something " special . " Thought it might loosen him up . Looks like you gave him a little too much . Oh , it 's not impossible . Mm . He still won 't say how he 's communicating with Mira . Probably just using a secure band or network you don 't know about . I 've been monitoring every magnetic , radio and all electronic signal in the sky for months now . Nah , they 're using something else . ( mutters ) Well , I don 't think you 're gonna get much out of him today . If not today , tomorrow . He 'll break . You know , he did shoot a Sixer and saved your life recently . You really think he 's working for them ? Even if he 's not , just having him here might make the real spy feel safer ; maybe even slip up . But that ain 't exactly grounds to hold him . Mm . He 's got information . " Grounds " or not , he 's gonna give it up . I want the truth , you hear me ? ! The truth ! Commander , we 've got a situation with the power grid at the new housing section . I 'm on my way . ( Taylor slaps Boylan 's back ) You coming ? I 'm just gonna give him some water . Flush his system a bit . Hey , Boylan ... drink this . It 's water . You all right ? You want the truth , Taylor ? 'Cause I know the truth . Uh ... I 'm not ... It 's buried right where you left it . What is ? Right by Pilgrim 's Tree . You-you want to push me ? What 's a Pilgrim 's Tree ? Then I 'm gonna tell the whole world ... then it 's all over for you , Taylor . It 's all over . ( coughs ) ( cup clatters ) Oh , my God , Jim , what 's that in your eye ? What ? ( device trills ) It 's a flicker of intelligence . Who knew ? I 'll be out of your three remaining hairs in a minute . I 'm just looking for something called Pilgrim 's Tree on the map of the colony here . Why are you looking for Pilgrim 's Tree ? Why don 't you tell me where it is , and we 'll wrap this conversation right up ? ( chuckles ) Well , it 's the large banyan that Taylor lived in when he first came through the portal . Taylor lived in a tree ? Uh-huh . It kept him safe . Of course , that 's the lore . Sometimes the story 's more important than the truth , isn 't it ? Plus a heroic tale 's good for morale . Sows little seeds ... Malcolm ... Yep ? Just ... the tree ? ( computer trilling ) There . ( creatures churring ) ( animal roaring in distance ) ( shovel strikes ground ) ( roaring continues ) ( shovel hits solid object ) Judging from the bone structure , I 'd say you have yourself a middle-aged male ... his right arm missing below the elbow here . Can 't tell yet if he lost it before he died or after . It could 've been carried away by predators . Can you tell how long he 'd been buried there ? Uh , going off decomposition , I 'd say four to six years . What about a cause of death ? Well , I can tell you this . He could have been shot . That could be a bullet hole punching through the rib there on its way passing through the body . Did you tell Taylor about this yet ? I wasn 't planning on it . Why not ? When Boylan told me where to find the body , he thought he was talking to Taylor . Well , it seemed like he was threatening to use it to expose Taylor somehow . Well , you don 't think ... Taylor killed him ? I think Taylor would do anything if he thought it was in the best interest of the colony . Right now I just need some answers , starting with who this was . Yeah . All right , I 'll do what I can . Thanks . Just do it quietly . Yeah . Castle , this is Squire One . Now passing 400 klicks , over . WASHINGTON : Squire One , Castle . I copy you at 400 . Talk to you at 500 . Out . ( cracking ) We got Sixers ! Incoming ! ( clamoring ) Whoa ! Whoa ! Get out ! On the ground ! Oh ! ( gunshots ) Don 't move . ( Sixers hooting ) Come on , come on , come on ! ( slurping ) Better ? Why did you send me to find that body ? What body ? By Pilgrim 's Tree . You told me there was something there . I found it . Logging a little one-on-one time , Shannon ? ( clears throat ) Such a beautiful spot . It 's the perfect place for a ... nap in the shade ... ( clears throat ) What 's he going on about ? Oh , no idea . He 's been blabbering like that for 20 minutes . Thought maybe the , uh , good cop-bad cop angle might yield some results . Did it ? No . Well , I guess it 's time the bad cop got a turn . ZOE ( as Taylor ) : Lieutenant Washington ! Yes , sir ! Let Hope Plaza know we 're ready to receive ! Hope Plaza , we 're ready to receive . MADDY : Okay , good , guys . Sam , that 's your cue . Sam needs to go to the bathroom . Okay . Bathroom break . Everybody go now , please . Wash your hands . Zoe ! Zoe , leave the beard . Come on . ( wings fluttering ) ( child shrieks ) Hey , kids , relax . It 's just a bug . Are you kidding ? This thing 's huge ! Whoa ! Sorry . Thought it might bite one of the kids . Guys , you might want to see this . What is it ? I don 't know . It 's got some sort of microchip on it . This is how Mira and her spy have been communicating . It-It 's the Cretaceous equivalent of a carrier pigeon . You 're telling me the Sixers have trained a bug to carry messages back and forth ? Yeah . I mean , insects respond to powerful attractors ... maybe a specific color , actually more likely a , a scent or a sound . They must 've figured out how to lure it back and forth between two locations . You gotta hand it to them ; this is ... ingenious . Well , you don 't have to sound so damn impressed . Sorry . This chip it was carrying . What 's on it ? Yeah , it was damaged beyond repair . There 's no way of knowing what the message was , or who it was intended for . If we release the bug , let it fly wherever it was going , wouldn 't it take us to the spy ? Yeah . Unfortunately , the wings are damaged . Its flying days are over , I 'm afraid . Damn it , Malcolm , you got any good news for me ? Commander , we have a problem . Carry on . I 'd just checked in with them when they were hit . Mira ? She was at the lead . Corporal , report . They knew everything about us , sir . What route we 'd take , what time we 'd be there , how many of us were there . Never had a chance . You get yourself to the infirmary . Have Dr. Shannon stitch up that gash . Check out the rest of your team , as well . Yes , sir . I put that convoy together after you had Boylan in the hole . He couldn 't have told Mira where to hit them . I don 't trust that reptile . I suppose you 're right . Let him go . Sir . MADDY : Mark ! I heard what happened . Are you okay ? Hey . Yeah . Oh , you 're bleeding . - Are you dizzy ? You might have a concussion . - No . Look , you really don 't want to let that slide . - I know , I know that you might think ... - I know . M-M-Maddy . Maddy . I 'm , I 'm fine . Really . Okay ? I 'm sorry . I , uh ... I was just really worried about you . No , no . D-Don 't be sorry . I was just thinking I , uh ... might like to get ambushed more often . ( laughs ) JIM : Any progress ID-ing our little friend ? It 's a bit of a puzzle , actually . His DNA doesn 't match anyone who 's come through the portal since day one . Okay , so maybe he 's a stowaway . Someone who managed to get through a Pilgrimage without being noticed . The problem is , he didn 't come through on any known Pilgrimage . How do you mean ? Time displacement leaves a molecular signature . So , everything that passes through the portal is left with a sort of trace imprint . So our guy doesn 't have a molecular signature ? No , he does . It 's just , it doesn 't belong to any Pilgrimage that 's on record . According to my scans , he came through the portal some time between the Second and the Third Pilgrimages . How 's that possible ? You tell me . Wow . Love what you 've done with the place . We 're closed . I gotta clean up the mess that Taylor 's men made after they ripped up the joint . I found the body . Under Pilgrim 's Tree . Sorry , I have no idea what you 're talking about . Yeah , well , you were drugged , and then you confessed to killing the guy . I did not ! Oh , you do know what I 'm talking about all of a sudden . Look , all I did was help Taylor bury the body . I have no idea how he got dead or even who he was . Hmm . I 'm listening . Okay . A few years back , I 'm on patrol duty outside the gates . This is when you were in the service , so that 's what , five , six years ago ? Five . My last night on active duty , and I see a light out in the jungle , I hear a noise , and when I go to check it out , Taylor 's standing there over this dead fellow- - the one you dug up- - wrapped in a blanket , and he looks up at me and he goes , " You got to help me , Tommy Boy . " Tommy Boy , really ? Well , believe it or not , Shannon , the commander and I used to be mates- - not so much after that night , but yeah . Hmm . Did Taylor say what had happened ? Taylor was a madman . He just kept going on about how the whole thing was Lucas 's fault . Lucas- - Taylor 's son ? Hmm . Oh . Anyway , Taylor just kept saying Lucas called the guy , that , that the guy came through the portal because Lucas asked him to come . But how did Taylor 's son play into how the guy died ? I don 't know , but that was the last night anyone saw Lucas Taylor . You think the commander had something to do with that ? ( sighs ) Taylor 's a complete bastard- - and then some- - but he loved his son . He , he 'd rather slit his own throat than hurt Lucas . What do you think went down that night ? You 're the bloody cop ; I 'm just a bartender . I mean , how would I know ? You may not be a Sixer spy , but don 't pretend you don 't know a little about everything that goes on in this place . I strong-armed Taylor into deeding me my bar in trade for keeping his secret . I 'm not about to risk that by playing at guessing . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to go sleep for about a month . Malcolm , what are you doing ? I was about to ask you the same thing . What is all this ? Work- - mine , not yours . You have no right to unlock my work drawer . I am Chief Science Officer for all of Terra Nova . Your work is my work . Now , what is all this ? ( sighs ) Well , I 'm performing an autopsy . A- - on a , a five-year-old skeleton ? Yes . Well , where 'd it come from ? What happened to it ? I 'm working on it , okay ? Look , I 'm sorry , why do you need to know ? Because you don 't want me to , and I like having secrets in my own lab . Oh , Malcolm , you could never keep your nose out of other people 's work , could you ? Have you told Commander Taylor about this ? I 'm waiting till I know more before I bother the commander with it . You still don 't understand much about protocol around here , do you ? Or are you just playing dumb ? I 'll be back with Commander Taylor . I woke up yesterday morning to an anonymous note on my door saying that there was a body buried out by Pilgrim 's Tree , so I went to take a look , and there he was . I 'd like to see the note . I 'll check to see if I still have it . Do that . You say you didn 't know anything about this ? No , not until a few minutes ago . I figured he was just some poor sap- - wandered outside the gates and became slasher bait . Slasher even took his arm as a souvenir , you know . Don 't think so . Nah , got to be a Sixer . I 've always thought at least some of ' em must have falsified their DNA labs to cover up their criminal records . Well , that would explain why he 's not showing up on the database . I appreciate the fact you don 't want me distracted from other things- - Boylan , the Sixers , whatever- - but , you know , something like this , you really do need to be keep me apprised of it . It won 't happen again . No harm done . You 're still new here , still got a few things to learn . Shannon . What do you want to do ? I don 't even have an I.D. on the victim , let alone a motive for why Taylor killed him . If Taylor thinks you 're building a case against him , he 's not just going to take that lying down . No , he 's not . MADDY : Okay , let 's run it from the top . Citizens of the future , we 're here to give humanity a fresh start , embracing the principles of justice , fairness and trust . You have place your trust in me , and you have my word , today and until my final day , that it 's an honor . I will never betray you . ( applause ) Malcolm . Commander , thank you for coming . What 's on your mind ? I figured out what the Sixers are using to draw the dragonfly back and forward . It 's a sonic signature . You see , unlike their modern age cousins , dragonflies from this era have timpanic membranes on their antennae capable of hearing sounds from miles away . Uh-huh . Right . I used a tuning fork . I was able to identify the specific frequency that the dragonfly is trained to home in on . ( taps tuning fork ) I don 't hear anything . No , ' cause you 're not a dragonfly . It 's a subsonic signature . Only certain insects are capable of hearing it . 42.8 Hunzel to be precise . You know , Malcolm , I am all for the onward march of science , but I just don 't see how this is going to help me catch a spy . It seems to me that whoever it is , has got to be wondering why they didn 't get their last message , right ? So , it stands to reason that they 're still broadcasting the homing frequency . That 's a big assumption . Look , a lot of people saw Dunham swat that bug out of the air . If I 'm the spy , I shut down my transmitter . If they didn 't , then the dragonfly will lead us right to the spy 's front door . Just as you suggested yesterday . If they didn 't , and if the dragonfly could fly , but the fly can 't fly . I saved the best bit for last . I managed to surgically repair its wing . ( wings fluttering ) Malcolm , you 're all right . I don 't care what anybody says . We 're going to release it while everybody 's at the festival . And you , you 're going to take us right to the spy , aren 't you ? ( lively chatter ) Okay , so I put a locator chip in its leg so we can track it . - We all good ? - Bugs away . Come on , fella . Fly you stupid bug . Go to your master . Okay , got it . Let 's go . Where 'd it go ? Over there , by the probe . Come on , Reynolds , you 're with us . MADDY : Seven years ago , mankind entered its darkest and most desperate hour . ( children coughing ) Food was scarce , the air difficult to breathe . Our world was dying , and then a rip in time was discovered , and a bold new opportunity loomed for mankind . But who would lead this glorious mission ? ( applause ) BOY : Commander Nathaniel Taylor . General Philbrick , sir . Welcome my old friend . It 's been a long time . Too long , sir . We have served side by side on many missions , my friend , and now I have the honor of sending you on the greatest mission of all . Philbrick only had one arm . Are you thinking what I think you 're thinking ? There 's a play going on . Let 's talk . Yeah . We 'll be right back . Where are you going ? ( applause ) Where 'd it go ? Did we lose it ? It says it went into the house . Is this the house I think it is ? Can 't be . The Shannons . Could that body you found really be the General Richard Philbrick ? He lost his arm in Mogadishu , I think it was . Yeah , but I remember seeing something on the news a few years ago about him being killed in South America or somewhere . No , he went missing , but I don 't think a body was ever found . Okay , what if you 're right ? What if it is Philbrick ? Who sent him here , and why all the secrecy ? Philbrick was Taylor 's commanding officer . The only reason I can think of for why anyone would send him back here would be to relieve Taylor of his command . James Shannon . I 'm placing you under arrest . I 'm charging you with conspiracy and endangering the welfare of this colony . What ? We found evidence in your house that proves you 've been communicating with the Sixers . You 're working for Mira . You 're the spy , Shannon . This is absurd . Where 's the evidence ? Take him . Well ... Jim . You got to be kidding me . Let him go ! What the ... Shannon , I suggest we do this quietly , peacefully . Let 's not ruin the festivities for everyone . This is wrong . You 're lying . Elisabeth . Take him away , Reynolds . ( door lock chirps ) We got ourselves a situation here , Shannon . Damn it , Taylor , I am not the Sixer spy , and you know it . You know what I think , Shannon . I think that there might be a perfectly reasonable and innocent explanation to the how and why Mira 's dragonfly ended up on your doorstep . Now , if that should prove to be the case , I 'm happy to move on , find myself the real spy . Preferably with your help . So , in other words , if I drop my investigation , we 're all good . Do we have an understanding ? Sorry . So am I. I 'm not letting this go till I get to the truth . You want to stop me , you lock that door and throw away the key . Why 'd you kill General Philbrick ? If I hadn 't , he would have killed me . Why ? 'Cause you refused to step down ? Refused to let him relieve you of your command ? Damn right I refused . The people who sent Philbrick are the same people who sent the Sixers . They want me out . They want me dead . 'Cause I got onto what they 're planning . Which is what exactly ? These people , these vile people- - they don 't see Terra Nova as a second chance for humanity . To them , it 's another place to strip and plunder for all it 's worth . A commodity , an infinite pipeline to pump precious resources into 2149 to line their own filthy pockets , to squeeze till Terra Nova gives up its last breath of life . But the pipeline doesn 't go from here to there . The fracture only goes one way . If my son has anything to say about it , that 's going to change . What has Lucas got to do with all of this ? He came in on the Second Pilgrimage . About the proudest day of my life . My boy . Father and son gonna fight to build a brave , new world together . But what I didn 't know was he was on the other side , on their side from the get-go . He was working on calculations to make the portal go both ways . When I found out what he was doing I destroyed all his work . He hated me from that minute on . Two days later , he went OTG . I followed him . ( wind whistling ) Lucas , what are you doing here ? I 'm , uh , waiting for a friend . What friend ? ( loud rumbling and whirring ) And there , impossibly- - there was General Richard Philbrick . ( wind whistling , howling and rumbling ) What the hell 's going on here ? Consider it a palace coup . General ? I 'm here to replace you , soldier . I 'm in command of Terra Nova now . Over my dead body , sir . Hope Plaza assured ... Hope Plaza has nothing to do with it . They 're not in charge of Terra Nova , never have been . What are you talking about ? There are bigger players involved here , son . Best you just step down graciously , Nathaniel . And the good General tried to relieve me then and there of my duty . And I refused , and the General tried to kill me . And so I found myself having to kill my mentor . ( gunshot ) And as if that wasn 't bad enough , I still to deal with my son . ( grunts ) Ah , go ahead , kill me . You 're my son . I won 't do it . You 're a traitor . There 's no place in Terra Nova for you . I never want to see your face again . ( grunts ) You 'll see me again , Commander . Just hope I show you the kindness you showed me . And that 's the last time I saw of him . That was five years ago . He never stopped working on those calculations . He 'd write them on rocks for me to find . Almost like he was taunting me . And ... you 've kept this to yourself this whole time ? If the people of Terra Nova knew that all the blood , sweat and tears they 've put into building this place was built on a lie , and would probably come to absolutely nothing , well , they might as well lay down and die and forget the whole damn thing . I won 't allow that to happen . I 'll fight with everything I 've got even if I have to do it alone . You 're free to go . You know , uh , you really didn 't have to take it this far . You have to forgive me for playing rough , Jim , but then again , we are talking about the fate of the human race here . My own son is out there formulating an equation that 'll allow his friends on the other side to have their way with our home . If you were in my place , would you bow , would you let those people do here in Terra Nova what they did to the Earth we left behind ? Or would you fight ? I would fight . I will fight . Jim ? It 's okay . I 'm okay . Mr. Shannon is free to go . I thought you said that he was a Sixer spy , sir . I was mistaken . Our spy 's still out there somewhere . But the dragonfly led us straight to his place . TAYLOR : It followed a specific frequency . Apparently , the very same frequency emitted by Shannon 's pistol charger . Wash , you and Reynolds are dismissed . Sir . My apologies for the misunderstanding . Even here in paradise , we 're victimized by technology . Enjoy your evening . Okay . My dragonfly did not follow the frequency of a bloody pistol charger . Your dragonfly ? What did you do , plant an emitter broadcasting at 42.8 in his house ? And if I did ? Then I 'd ask you why . Enjoy the festival , Malcolm . Taylor 's son was behind the whole thing . I know . I couldn 't believe it either . We got an uphill battle ahead of us . Did you see , did you see ? ! Yeah , baby I did , and you were terrific ! Incredible . Mike , did you see ? Commander Taylor , sir ! It 's me . Zoe ? I could 've sworn that you were Commander Taylor . He 's silly . Yeah . He is silly . You know why ? Because Commander Taylor 's nowhere near as cute as you . Mr. Shannon , sir , would you mind if I stole your daughter away for a dance ? Um ... Knock yourselves out . Go on . Zoe . ( song ends ) MAN : Fireworks ! TAYLOR : Fellow citizens of Terra Nova , welcome to the Harvest Festival . ( all cheer ) Today we make the time to take a reckoning of everything that we 've accomplished together and to give thanks for everything we have . And today , we welcome our newest Terra Novan- - Paul and Bea Duncan have added a baby boy to our community . ( chuckles ) Say hello to Alexander Nathanial Duncan . Oh , me ? ( baby fusses ) Come on . I got ya . ( all laugh ) ( baby cries , all laugh ) This is what Terra Nova 's all about . ( baby cries ) Oh , oh , here , go to Mama . ( Taylor chuckles ) About good friends and family and loved ones . We 're all in this together . Without all of you , I 'd have nothing . You 're my friends , my family , my loved ones . And today I give thanks for each and every one of you . ( cheering ) ( fireworks exploding ) ( distant fireworks exploding ) By Mikhel for Subtitulos.es = = SPREAD THE WORD = =
