 Super human strength . Super natural powers . And the awesome ability to fly . Throughout history ... mankind has told incredible tales of Gods and super heroes . But do we yearn to possess these extraordinary powers for another , more profound reason . Implanted within our DNA is this desire to become godlike to fly in the air or swim through the ocean or especially to ascent into the stars . Humans were created according to the image of God so we are part of them . If the so-called Gods had incredible powers we have them in a stew . Could ancient stories of godlike kings and heroes really have other worldly origins . Many of these sacred powers , given to kings of the past we know today were more than likely technology that ancient men was given from the actual Gods which we know were probably extraterrestrials . Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ... Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history . And does it help to explain our continuing fascination with stories of Gods and heroes . = Subtitles by Aklu = Greece , the Island of Crete . On the Lassithi Plateau over half a mile above sea level lies the Dikteon Cave This sprawling complex of caverns , stretches nearly 1,5 square miles ... and archaeological finds have shown a human presence dating as far back as 6000 years ago . Historians believe , the first inhabitants of the area actually lived inside the cave . And according to legend ... its many chambers , were once home to an otherworldly being Zeus , the Greek God of thunder . In Greek mythology , Zeus is the son of Cronos The king of the first generation of Gods , known as the Titans . Zeus 's father Cronos is not particularly exited about giving birth to a child ... because he has heard a prophecy , that one of his children is going to overthrow him . Though , as soon has his children were born he just swallows them all down . Now his mother , Rhea who is Cronos 's wife is disturbed about this ... so what she does she substituted a rock that she has wrapped up in swaddling cloth and gives it to Cronos , which he swallows down . And what she does is hide Zeus away in a cave , so he grows up there . In theogony the 8th century B.C. poet Hesiod describes the cave Zeus was hidden in as lying in these berry mountains and specifically near the city of Lyktos , the location of the Dikteon Cave . But the similarities between this cave and the cave of Zeus described in Greek mythology go much further . The ancients say , that one day they are talking about mythology it is about unrecorded events of their past . According to the Greek myths ... child Zeus was nourished on a mixture of honey and milk at the udder of the goat . Now around 1900 A.D. a chamber in the Dikteon Cave was identified by locals as the birth place of Zeus . And when archaeologists went in there ... they discovered an altar which remains of numerous religious offerings . Amongst them honey and goat milk . These remains date back 4000 years the exact period in which the ancient Greek stories took place . The question is , is this once again a coincidence ... that modern excavations find remains in this cave that match up with what 's written in Greek mythology ? Also found in the Dikteon Cave were numerous artefacts dating back to what would have been the time of Zeus 's childhood . According to the Greek stories ... among them was a fragmentary inscription burying a hymn . A hymn dedicated specifically to Zeus . Could the Dikteon Cave ... really be the cave described in theogony ? And if actual location from Greek mythology , really do exist ... could legendary characters and events ... also be based on historical fact . We think of mythology of something which has been invented . But really when we look at the ancient Greeks they believe that the war of the Titans physically happened . This was a war , which was fought in heavens by the Deities . In Greek mythology ... the war of the Titans is a celestial battle ... waged by Zeus and his siblings known as the Olympians ... against their father Cronos and the Titans . The Olympians were the victors in this battle ... were the Gods worshipped by the ancient Greeks . But according to ancient astronaut theorists these human like beings may have been something other than divine . And this mythical war may have been an actual historical event . To support this claim , they point to the existence of similar myths and stories told by different cultures throughout the world . When it comes to warring parties of Gods , Greece is not a standalone issue . We have the same thing in Ragnarök . In Norwegian mythology , we have this idea that the Gods fought amongst themselves as well . We also have stories from Sumerian , Babylonian , Hetite accounts where it says that there was a fought between Gods . We see the same story of Titans being overthrown by a new set of Gods . In the Sumerian epics of the Annunaki coming here as the original culture in ancient Iraq . So these similarities tell of a warring race of beings that squabbled amongst themselves about the rights of various areas on the Earth . What can explain the similarities of these ancient war stories that emerged from all over the world . Could they all be describing the same historical events . And if there is a historical basis for the legends and stories ... what does that suggest about the incredible powers and weaponry ... supposedly possessed by the Gods . It is very possible that the Clash of the Titans known from the Greek times is actually speaking of a much earlier epoch of extraterrestrials having a titan battle . The ancient Greek Gods had helmets that made them invisible . They had breastplates that made them impervious to their enemies weapons . They had tridents that shock thunderbolts . They had winged sandals that gave them the power of flight . These are all profound examples of an ancient alien technology that the Greek Gods possessed . If mythical Gods and monsters really did exist ... were they as ancient astronaut theorists believe ... extraterrestrial beings . And could this help to explain ... the enormous and enduring popularity of Gods , Titans and other so-called Super Heroes in today 's popular culture . There is so many different places where the characters of Super Heroes come from . But naturally so much of it is drawn from mythology and from literature , because those are such strong bodies of work and so familiar and they become the archetypes for all types of heroes . The stories exist partly because we want to dream of such powers . We want to imagine what might be possible if we had unlimited dominance . We watch endless amounts of television and movies , which says that amongst us are a group of people who are more than just human ... super humans . And that somehow these people are born that way or that something happens to them , which triggers this . But basically the underlying subconscious message is that we are capable of becoming Gods . Implanted within our DNA is this desire to become godlike . Be it to fly in the air , or swim through the ocean , or run super fast or ... especially to ascent into the stars . Why are human beings so drawn to stories about beings with superior abilities and technologies . Are they looking for something larger and more powerful outside of themselves ... or perhaps within . In Greek mythology the titan Prometheus is often credited with creating human beings out of basic materials found on earth . Prometheus was playing with mud and made little figurines out of it . Athena was fascinated with this and breath life into them . The cynical read is to say , what he wants is somebody to worship him like people worship Zeus . He created that into his image and he gave us all these skills . Culture and technology and medicines makes us what it means to be a human being . Zeus realized that he couldn 't uncreate these human beings . But what he could do is limit them in their capabilities and restrict them in their capacity and prevent them from becoming godlike . It is as if the extraterrestrials wanted to keep us from having all the same technology that they had . In another version of the story Prometheus is said to have stolen a spark from Zeus 's lightening bolt . In order to give humans the gift of fire . When we are talking about ' A God ' who gives fire to men We realize that this is not ' The God' as in the supreme being ' The One ' . But clearly somebody else an ancient alien . We pursued throughout history ... to master the powers of the Gods . But the question is ... where did all those ideas originate ? And the answer is very simple ... due to extraterrestrial contact in our remote past . Could humans really be the creation of alien beings with extraordinary powers . Do we have a subconscious desire ... to reconnect with the so-called Gods of our past . By becoming more like them , through advancements in technology . And could this explain the origins ... of ancient tales of Gods and Heroes ... who have thought to possess extraordinary powers . Perhaps the answer can be found near the Greek valley of Phocis . And by examining the legend of the oracle at Delphi Lydia , 716 B.C. Gyges a shepard in the service of King Candaules ... becomes the unlikely successor to the throne ... of this ancient kingdom in modern day Turkey . But the story of how this modest servant rose from a shepard to a king ... is so fantastic , that many scholars and historians have dismissed it as mere myth . Gyges is out in the field and there is a terrible earthquake . He sees a cave open ... goes into that cave and sees a gold ring . He just kind of walks into this like of chamber , which is like a tomb where he sees a ... a dead body , that 's got some jewellery on it . Grabs this ring of it , because he is a poor man . He puts the ring on and discovers that it gives him the power to be invisible . Here he has the kind of power a God would have ... - And does he use it well ? - Well actually , it is a little questionable of how he uses it . - He comes up with a plan . - The next time he goes to visit the King ... he brings that ring with him . Turns himself invisible ... seduces the Queen ... kills the King ... takes over the palace . What we have here , is really a multi-layered legend . We have but only the story ... of the fact that somebody in the past had ... the cloak of invisibility , but actually that he did not invent this . But this was a legacy from a race ... who had buried that dead and that alongside these dead were artefacts , which were technological . What kind of a magical amulet or technology are we talking about here ? Was this the ring of the Gods , that was described by the ancient Sumerians as the ... ring of cosmic soveranty . According to legend ... a bloody civil war erupted , following the death of King Candaules . It ended , when Gyges obtained approval for overthrowing the throne from the Oracle of Delphi . A mysterious priestess , who 's eerily correct prophesies ... were said to come directly from the Greek God Apollo . The oracle at Delphi ... whether it 's a prophet or a soothsayer ... had a direct relationship to the extraterrestrial being . The extraterrestrial being communicated through the priest ... who would then interpret that into a language ... that listeners could understand . But was it really a God who endorsed Gyges reign . Or was Apollo , the son of Zeus , an extraterrestrial ... as ancient astronaut theorists content . Was it ... perhaps the same extraterrestrial ... who let Gyges to find the ring , that enabled him to seize power in the first place . And if so , could this be an example ... of aliens endowing a human with godlike powers . To carry out some earthly agenda . When I read stories , like Gyges of Lydia ... who has found this ring , which gave him the capability of becoming invisible . Then there are 2 things that I think of . 1 . Is it just fantasy ? Or ... do we have another reference here ... that describes misunderstood technology . Because today , researchers at Duke University ... are trying to develop an invisibility cloak . Duke University engineering professor David R.Smith is the director of the centre for metamaterial and integrated plasmatics . For the past decade ... Smith and his team have been working to create metamaterials or artificial materials that are not found in nature . Just of a piece of glass , can control the way light bends . Smith has set out to proof ... that certain man made materials can actually be constructed to render objects invisible . This is actually an example of a metamaterial . This is a bunch of pieces of circuit board all cut out and assembled together . And on the circuit boards are little pieces of copper that are tied in circuits and each circuit has a certain response to electromagnetic radiation . And the combination of these patterns plus the shape gives us something that we can call an invisibility cloak . The idea behind the cloak is that it renders something inside of it invisible and is self invisible as well . At present the device only make objects disappear at microwave frequencies . But Dr. Smith believes ... that soon this technology , will also be able to make objects invisible to even the human eye . Just in the last year or two ... they have actually been experiments , showing certain hide of the cloaking ideas transitioning to the visible spectrum . Red , green , blue ... those experiments are actually being done now . We will have invisibility cloaks at some point , that we can wear as humans I definitely think we are gonna get there , because science and speculative science go hand in hand . Science creates a base point ... speculative science pushes it farther into the future . And that 's how technology advances . An actual cloak of invisibility ... Those still in development ... researchers in Japan ... have designed an optical camouflage system that makes special reflective material seemingly disappear . Including the person wearing it . Thus ... bringing us closer to a achieving a fully functional invisibility cloak . Like the one described in the story of Gyges . Could this mean that other , seemingly far fetched devices of fantasy ... like flying carpets ... and magic wands ... are also based on science . And if so , might they have been used in the ancient past . Perhaps in the hands of extraterrestrial visitors . Just because we are working on these technologies today does not mean that we are the first . Because we find multiple references ... in ancient texts that describe devices with which you were able to go invisible . So much of the story telling , deals with the fact that what we deem to be magic , can really be science at a different time . If legendary tales , like the story of King Gyges , could be proven to be real ... what does it suggest of other fantastic stories of Gods and Titans . Hissarlik , Turkey Within this archaeological site , lie the ruins of Troy . A place once thought by mainstream scientists to be no more than myth . Until Heinrich Schliemann unearth its remains in 1871 . Here in the 12th century B.C. the ancient Greek city was the centre of the trojan war . A Greek battle described in Homer 's Iliad . According to the epic poem , the Goddess Athena ... gives King Diomedes the power of divine vision during the war so that he could see like the gods . Athena comes down and she wants to help the Greeks , so she finds Diomedes and she says I am gonna help you out here . So what I am gonna do , is strip away this mist that is over your eyes . And you as a human being , you don 't really know what is going on . You just see battle . But once I strip away this mist , you are gonna be able to see what is really going on . In addition to a battle going on , there are Gods fighting . King Diomedes sees that Ares , the God of War , is fighting alongside his enemy Hector . And he was not to use this site to attack the Gods but that is exactly what he uses it for . The side aspect of this , is this ; Is the question ... did the Gods really have this . Were they super human , like we want to become . But did they have technology which enabled them to do these kind of things . Diomedes and the Gods power of super eye sight may seem like pure fantasy , but enhanced vision is also becoming a reality ... thanks to advancement in spectrometer technology . Spectrometers are devices used to measure properties of life over a wider range of the electromagnetic spectrum , that is visible with the human eye . And today , just as we are developing cloaking devices we are also developing technology to see through those devices . Technology is driven by societies needs ... more than anything else . But myths have a way of inspiring us and ... they represent a part of the imagination , which we need to even invision the next generation of technologies . If I dream , I could go to another galaxy . I will sooner or later go to another galaxy . We are the offsprings of the Gods and all these things are in our brains . We think we are very powerful . In practice we are not ... but we have technology to develop the power , because we are the sons of the Gods . Might technology be our way , of reconnecting with the Gods . Or did the so-called Gods deliberately deny us their super powers ... as a way of motivating our imaginations and technological achievements . Perhaps further evidence can be found in the heavens . At a Mexican ceremony , that commemorates real life close encounters ... with aliens visitors . Veracruz , Mexico Five men in ceremonial dress ascent a 100ft. pole . Once at the top , one of the men performs a sacred dance or playing a flute and drum a top of a platform . The other four men , launch themselves off . It is a ritual known La Danza de los Voladores ... or The Dance of the Flyers . The ritual has the leader stand on the top of the pole on a tiny little platform and the four flyers wrap up cable around that pole and then ... branched out and fly around in a pyramid shape in perfect synchronize order is a stunning and daring thing to do . And they are representing the bird ... they are representing the four cardinal directions ... they are representing the elements . Heavily symbolic and mythic is a powerful ritual . The Totonac people who practice this ceremony today claim that it is a dance that is invented 500 years ago . As a plea to the Gods to end a severe drought . But could this ancient ritual ... have different , perhaps otherworldly origins . What we have here with the Voladores ... Is 100 % living mythology . Something that describes ... and illustrates in front of our living eye . The descent of the Gods ... from a log time ago . The motive of the Gods descending from the sky is one of the most ancient stories . If you go back to the old testament , you have the story of the sons of Gods descending from the sky and they see the daughters of men and they create a race of giants . In the book of Genesis , Jacob sees a ladder ascending into the heavens . With angels ascending and descending upon this ladder . Jesus and the book of John describes the heavens opening and being descending upon the son of men . According to ancient astronaut theorists ... the boleadores ritual is a reenactment of a close encounter with aliens visitors in the distant past . They believe , extraterrestrials ... descended upon the flat mountain tops of the Palpa region in Peru ... around 500 A.D. Dropping from their aircraft and gliding down to earth in spiralling circles . The Voladores ritual ... was very technological as in ... you know , these beings descending from the sky in a circle signifying a rival of the Gods . Where does that flying or descending Gods motive originate ? Our ancestors saw something ... because why would you hurl yourself from a 100ft. pole out of nothing ... to imitate a bird ? Birds are not that important . Something very significant happened . Could an alien encounter really be the inspiration for the Voladores ritual . And could the Totonac people , who created the ceremony really have been trying to mimic the ancient Gods power of flight . As further evidence , that early humans may have encountered alien visitors equipped with the power of flight . Ancient astronaut theorists ... point to various artefacts and statues depicting ancient Gods . One of such an example is the Mayan God ; Ah Muzencab ... also known as the flying beegod . Another is the most prominent God of early Mesoamerican culture ; * * * Quetzalcoatl Mesoamericans believed in the plumed serpent or Quetzalcoatl , which came from the sky bringing wisdom , powered the wind ... and also influenced everything that happened in the daily life of the Mayans . In fact they looked to the sky for all their answers , from everything as simplest when to plant corn to when to go to war . They believed all answers in the universe came from the sky and trying to relate that to their daily lives . The ancient record are loaded with fantastic examples of the Gods flying around . These are the ancient aliens and humans are being shown the ultimate capability of these Gods . In my eyes ... because we are the sons of the Gods , we are the offsprings of the Gods ... whatever humans can dream ... whatever humans think ... was once reality in the past ... or will be reality in the future . July 31st , 2003 . The English Channel . Felix Baumgartner ... becomes the 1st person to cross this 22 mile wide body of water in freefall ... using a specially made fibre wing . But the Austrian daredevil ... is just one of many who have used wingsuits to simulate fly ... by means of a freefall . A wingsuit is basically a jumpsuit that you put on under your rig and it 's designed to actually make you fly when you exit the plane . The material inflates underneath your arms , in between your legs and creates basically an airfoil that you glide on through the air . It is an amazing feeling , because you are actually the pilot and the plane . It is total freedom . You feel as though you 're flying . Though you are falling ... you are using the air to manoeuvre your body . And the wingsuit helps you cover a lot of ground as you 're descending . Some people have been exceeding 2 to 1 glide ratio . For example 3 to 1 would mean ... for every foot you descent , you are travelling 3 feet forward . We got these flying guys , that have these wings attached to their backs and they hurl themselves out of planes . And some even have rocket engines attached to them . And so they essentially themselves become airplanes . Now imagine showing that , to someone from a hundred years ago . That person would be in complete 'Ohh ' of what they are witnessing not understanding that there is technology involved with this . Just using our own body , we can not fly . We have no wings , but of course we have the fantasy and we have the technology to develop wings that we can fly . The pursuit of flight ... has been one of the most sought-after quests in all of mankind 's history . Why ? ... Because with flight you could reach conceivably the realm of the Gods . From the ancient Greek myth of Icarus . Fashioning wings of feathers and wax . To modern daredevils like Felix Baumgartner ... human beings have been fascinated with and often frustrated by their desire to fly . But have birds really served as mankind 's inspiration . Or something else ... something extraterrestrial . And if ancient visitors could fly What other powers might they have possessed . And what abilities might early men have had ... and lost . Perhaps the answer can be found . Not in the sky 's , but deep beneath the sea . Cape Sounion , Greece . Purged on the headland surrounded on three sides by the sea . Lies the ruins of the temple of Poseidon , built in 440 B.C. The second son of the titan king Cronos ... Poseidon was worshipped throughout Greece almost as much as his younger brother Zeus . Poseidon was the God of the sea . He was also the God of earthquakes and strangely ... horses . When Poseidon was in a good mood , he created new lands out of the sea . He gave calm waters for good voyages . When he was in a bad mood , he destroyed ships and brought storms . Poseidon does rule over the kingdom of the sea . It is envisioned as a kind of a place where people live . When he comes out of that place ... yes , he rides the spectacular kind of like water chariot that is driven by dolphins and he holds on to a really big trident . In Greek mythology , Cronos eats all of his children except for Zeus , who eventually rescues his siblings including Poseidon from the belly of his father . A potion is prepared , that makes him heat up all the other ... siblings , Zeus 's nieces become the Gods of Olympus . But ancient astronaut theorists ... believe this Greek myth is actually a metaphor for an extraterrestrial event . They believe the notion of Gods being vomited up from the belly of their father . Actually describes mutinies aliens being expelled from the mothership . * * * swallowed up into a living creature , will not be able to survive for three days . It will die from suffocation and will beginning to decay . What we have here , is not a creature but something else . It could have been an object , which was clearly of a man made or extraterrestrial origin . And mutiny took place . Some of the extraterrestrials ... they had sex with wonderful earthly females / women . They were not allowed to do this . So one of these extraterrestrials ... who were not allowed to go back with the mothership , had the name of Poseidon . Poseidon felt in love , with a beautiful human girl . And he made her pregnant . Poseidon is married ... right , he has got a child . Who has got some grandchildren ... right . There is this whole cast of sea nymphs as well , all of them presumably like live in this place . Poseidon has the power of the deep . The unseen place , if you look out of the sea , you see ... surface and you are aware that there is a whole world below that , suggesting ... powers beyond that , which meet the eye . Among the mythical creatures , associated with Poseidon ... are the Telchines . A race of advanced fish children . The human like beings could live both in and out of water . They 're are masters of technology and seem to match up with the fish Gods of ancient Sumeria . Who worked for Enki , the great God of alchemy and technology and smithcraft . The Telchines are also kind of in the shadowy territory of ... God , human ... monster things . They are just these kind of figures , who are not Gods but were like human beings . There is one story about the Roman version of Zeus ; Jupiter . Trying to destroy them . Now , we don 't know if whether they are actually all destroyed but ... it 's possibly because of their relationship to the magic . In Greek legend , the Telchines were also metallurgists . They were said to have created Poseidon 's magical trident . And to have cast the first bronze statues of the Gods of Olympus . And according to some historians , the Telchines may not have been creatures of myth . But were beings , who actually existed . There were people called Telchines . We do actually have evidence of these beings . They were actually ancient rigs ... who had specific tasks and traits ... like metallurgy , like smithing and so on . And so you could see how it is , that a being like Telchines ... that these things could in fact not just be these mythological beings ... but like actual people . So the way that we look at the ancient Greeks and Romans ... would have been the way they would have looked at the stories that are being told about the about * * * . We have got the stories of the Telchines . And they were able to survive underwater . For unlimited amounts of time . Now how is such a thing possible ... unless you have access to some type of technology . An Israeli company is currently developing a human artificial gill system that allows humans to take oxygen from surrounding water , without the need of oxygen tanks . You potentially can remain underwater for unlimited amounts of time . All the technology , that we are discovering today is in fact old new . It has been around before . Could the ancient Greek myths really be based on actual events ? Were the Telchines early humans enabled with god-like abilities ? And were these powers really misunderstood alien technology ? Perhaps the answers can be found . Not in the past , but in the present . As modern day advances in science and technology give us perhaps our greatest evidence ... that ' We ' are not alone . The ability to fly ... to thrive underwater ... and to travel through space and explore the universe . At one time , these were all believed to be impossible notions . Dismissed as mere science fiction ... or Myth . But man-kind 's continued advances in technology have made the word impossible , almost obsolete . In our modern world ... steroids can help generate herculean muscles . Titanium joints can replace and even improve upon our own natural ones . And even prosthetic gills are being developed . So human beings can breath underwater , without the use of airtanks . Today , government contractors like Raytheon Sarcos and Lockheed Martin develop exoskeleton machines for the U.S. military . When warned , they can allow soldiers to walk ... run and lift hundreds of pounds , with virtually no effort . What makes exoskeletons so cool , is that it is an every man thing . Anybody can put one on . Anybody can be the hero You can take a person with any sort of physical weaknesses and make them greater than the person they 're fighting . Exoskeletons would be a prime example of something coming out comic books ... into mainstream reality . And in reality , exoskeletons are becoming very popular with the military . A soldier can wear the Raytheon exoskeleton for example and lift 200 pounds . While these modern day superman may be limited in their mobility the development of exoskeletons represents an incredible evolution in relationship between man and machine . But did such incredible technology exist before . Perhaps in man-kind 's ancient past . Now is it possible , that some type of exoskeleton technology was used in the remote past , for example on the Giza Plateau . Imagine the operator of one of those exoskeleton machines ... coming out of that machine . That person , has super powers . Even though , the person doesn 't have any powers at all . The person is only operation sophisticated technology . One could argue , that with all the advancements we are making today in science and in all the other academic fields . We are becoming more god-like . We are not becoming Gods . We are not turning into real super heroes . We are only becoming ' god-like ' . Because of our technology . I think , we have a need to push our bodies and our minds to the utmost limits . And strive for super intelligence , super strength ... and other super powers . The reason is , that people have long been fascinated with what could be stronger than humanity itself . And if it 's not human ... then it must come from somewhere else , either a God or an extraterrestrial . But with all of the scientific achievements ... is man-kind perhaps , making themselves more and more vulnerable , to what could be terrible consequences . There are many tales of ordinary mortals ... ascending to become rulers , to become Gods ... various positions of enormous power . Often these characters then become corrupt ... and the stories tick around and are retold over a long period of time long after their sources have withered away . To teach us that power corrupts . To be careful what you wish for . And to be very cautious if ever holding grief power ... because of its ability to harm . Almost 50 % of our stories are about technology run amok on the dark side of technology . Because when you talk about super powers , when you talk about all this transformation ... everything comes at a price . And you always have to weigh , whether that price is worthy or necessary to make ... for the greater good and sometimes it 's not . Sometimes the price you pay is just too great , when you lose your own self . Are all of man-kind 's scientific achievements really examples of emerging technology . Or is the yearning for super powers and heroic feet 's embedded ... in our collective DNA . Are human beings finally catching up to the abilities of beings who have been here before . And were they Gods or as some believe ... alien ancestors , living thousands of years ago possessing powers and abilities thousands of years more advanced . Perhaps only time and further advancements in technology ... will tell ... or perhaps it will all be revealed ... when ' They ' return .
