 Aleksei ? He 's here ? So you do know him ? The capsule was sending its telemetry there . The Russians have requested the return of their man and we intend to turn him over . Unacceptable . McClellan doesn 't want that to happen . He 's ending the quarantine early . He 's dying . What does it matter now ? I want to stay with you . I think you 're gonna have to decide what you believe . Tomorrow morning , we 're going to hold a press conference , We 're going to lay out everything we know and let the world decide for themselves . Tomorrow everything changes . Good after ... Good afternoon . Thank you for waiting but I 'm sure you all understand why it was necessary ... in light of the incident this morning . My name is Thomas J. Taylor , and I 'm the director of the Helena , Montana field office for United States Homeland Security . For the last two weeks I have been tasked with investigating the circumstances surrounding the satellite that crashed in Edmonton . Through the course of our investigation , it has become clear that this was no ordinary satellite , nor was its crash an accident . It was ... it was a piece of space hardware left over from the Soviet space program . It had been ... commandeered ... by a terrorist organization whose identity and motives I am not at liberty to disclose at this time . The secrecy and deliberate misinformation surrounding these events were errors in judgement on my part and have caused unnecessary confusion and panic for both the American and Canadian people . For that I apologize . Further ... improper supervision and inadequate security measures ... allowed the suspect to take their own life earlier this morning . I alone take full responsibility . I have failed to live up to the level of performance and responsibility with which I have been charged ... In light of my conduct ... I can no longer in good conscious continue my duties , and I am resigning from my position as director of the Helena office ... effective immediately . What happened ? He 's gone ! They took the boy . The explosion was a diversion to divert us from the main target . - Who took him ? - From the way they fought hand to hand - I 'd say they were Russian . - I thought you said you had the perimeter secured . A fight broke out in the group of protesters about the same time , it drew my men away . Was anyone hurt ? The president 's called a meeting of the Security Council . Well you tell him to wake his ass up and get him on the phone , you hear me ? Calgary 's gone dark . Anything from the Russian embassy ? Russians ? This wasn 't some nut who a bomb strapped to his chest . This was surgical . Air Traffic Control in Alaska reported that a 747 broadcasting a civilian code veered off its flight path at 02 : 30 hours ... Oh for god 's sake ... so at 2 : 30 this morning failing to respond by radio before crossing the Canadian border . Why am I hearing about this for the first time now ? Huh ? Things are getting missed ! Oh , dammit ! - Did you get any on you ? - When I say now I mean ten minutes ago . The civilians are in lockdown . - What ? - Everyone , Your attention . This has just been made a Canadian operation . Have the Canadians grounded their air traffic yet ? I think the Prime Minister just gave the order . - You think ? - Line one . Yes , sir . You do realize we have about a hundred reporters about to descend on this place . - I know . - What do you want to do ? - Vernon can stall . - Shouldn 't we cancel ? We can 't just tell them to forget about it and go home . I think the circumstances have changed , don 't you ? We have something . It 's identified as Korean Airlines flight seven . Headed toward Alaskan airspace , yes sir . - Korean Airlines ? - Yes , sir . What the hell is going on here ? Flight 00-7 . No response to calls from air traffic control . The guys we 're looking for got out on a chopper you said . They did . This is a diversion . It 's a mess up there . They won 't get all their planes on the ground for another hour and that 's optimistic . One voice at a time , please . Can you hold , please ? They 're saying Canadian fighters are scrambling now . - Before they cross into Alaska ? - The plane 's still refusing to heed to . We have CF-18s moving in to intercept . And what then ? They 're going to fire a warning shot . - No response . - Is there ... any other way to force it to land besides ... They 're going to have to shoot it down . - If the Canadians don 't down that plane ... - They 're crossing into American airspace now - Sir , I don 't we have any choice now . - How many people fit on a 747 ? The target is over Alaska . - Our fighters are moving off . - Why ? They don 't have authorization to enter American airspace . Your F-18s are moving to intercept . They 'll be in firing range any moment now . Korean Air flight seven ? Yes , sir . That doesn 't sound right . Mr. President : shoot down that plane . First responders are moving in on the ground . Thank you . Jesus ... I thought you said the civilians were in lockdown . They are . How do you suppose the Russians knew what they were looking for ? - Your guess is as good as mine . - Yeah ? I 've got a pretty good one . - I just heard . What happened ? - Chertov . Where is he ? - How should I know ? - Tom ! Get . Your . Hands . Off me ! The girl 's dead . - What ? - Jane , Yuri 's nurse ... she 's dead . She was with Yuri when they took him . Shot her in the head . They were Russian . How do you suppose they knew where to find him ? Huh ? - You think Aleksei ... ? - You tell me ! Do you know where he is , doctor ? I haven 't seen him since last night . But I don 't think ... I don 't care what you think . Get him out of here , now ! Find the Russian scientist and lock him up . Thank you , Mr. President . Can someone get me a glass of water ? It was the only option , sir . I don 't need coddling . The Security council is meeting . We 're going back to DC ? I 'm going to Calgary to clean this up personally . You 'll go back and act on my behalf at the NSC . I 'm not getting shut out from this . Are they going to be okay with you sending a subordinate ? If there 's a problem you can tell them they can shoot down my plane . And keep trying the Russian embassy . Get somebody in a room . How much leeway do I have ? Put the screws to them . How are your men ? Shrapnel injuries and smoke inhalation , but they 'll be fine . What about the capsule ? There 's nothing left . And Chertov ? And no sign of the two bodies I left on the deck . They must have been extracted before they got out . Very tidy . These guys were in and out in less than ten minutes . These were professionals . She was my responsibility too . Is there anything I should be doing , sir ? No , you 're fine . There is still no word on any survivors from the 747 shot down early this morning by American F-18 jet fighters . Can you tell us if there 's any link between the 747 and the bombing this morning ? Firstly , firstly , we 're not referring to this as a bombing . This country has now been the victim of not one , but possibly three terror attacks ... The president 's campaign for reelection may not recover from today 's events . At this time it 's not clear that the explosion this morning was a terror attack . But we can agree that something did explode . Though I understand there will be more clarification on that at the press conference now scheduled for this afternoon in Calgary . For now I 'm setting them up in the mess hall Good , all in one place , you can lock the doors and set the room on fire . - Not funny . - It 's a gallows humor kind of day . Just promise me he won 't dodge this one , my credibility is already shot to hell ... I 'm not promising anyone anything . You want a bone to throw ? How 's this ? Mr. Secretary , I 'm Agent Sofie Larson ... Sit down , I 'm going to be doing most of the talking . I 'd prefer to stand if it 's all the same . Fine , whatever . I almost killed a lot of people today . The kid wasn 't on that plane . Nobody was on that plane . It 's still a mess out there , but so far , no human remains or ... luggage . - It was a decoy . - Obviously . But it was the flight number . Korean Airlines flight seven . September 1 , 1983 . I suppose you 're too young to remember . A 747 ... on its way from New York to Seoul accidently strayed into Soviet airspace ... and was shot down by Russian MiGs . No survivors . Sixty-two Americans on that plane . That flight was Korean Airlines ... flight seven . Somebody 's idea of a joke , evidently . So ... You 've managed to lose your suspect , allowed all the evidence to be destroyed , and now we have three separate acts of terrorism to explain to the public . What are the Russians saying ? Nothing . The guys that came in here were mercenaries . The Russian government doesn 't know or they outsourced the job ... either way , they 've got deniability that 's plausible enough . There 's only one choice then . Which is ? Go to the public with what we have . And what is that we have ? The truth . What truth ? That you were holding a Soviet love child from Mars ? Do you actually believe that ? With all due respect , it 's not up to you or to me to decide what the truth is . You 're god damn right it isn 't . You know what really gets me though ? I bet you think you 're the good guy in this . You failed in your duty spectacularly . Every step of the way you have been combative , irresponsible , and less-than-honest Now you 've got a dead civilian on that conscious of yours . You think you were doing the right thing ? For what ? An orphan from outer space ? And where 's he now ? Huh ? You screwed this up ... you screwed me ... and you screwed your country . That 's on you . But right now ... we have a problem here ... and I need your help fixing it . How ? I saw a bunch of reporters downstairs . You 're going to get in front of them and do a mea culpa . You 're going to say that your mismanagement and lack of judgment allowed a terrorist suspect to blow himself up in one final blaze of glory . You 're going to apologize to the American and Canadian people for putting their lives in danger . And then you 're going to resign your position ... pending further charges . The precise language is up to you , but that 's the gist . And if I refuse ? Then I will see to it that the full force of the United States government comes crashing down on your head . You ... and everyone who works for you . You didn 't answer me before . Do you really believe that kid 's from Mars ? I do . Well ... good luck proving that now . Your second , what 's her name again ? Agent Larson . Larson ... she 's good . You 're saying you had no knowledge of this . That is what I have said . Say it again . I will not be spoken to in such a manner . Understand , sir . What we 're talking about here would be considered an Act of War . I know exactly what you are talking about . The position of the Russian government has not changed . What reason would we have to invade your territory ? To get back your man . What man ? You tell us you are holding no one . Has your position changed ? Now you listen to me . We know this was a Russian operation and we 're prepared to respond accordingly . There was no official action taken by my government . Believe what you like . Have you ever heard the name White Wolf , Mr. Ambassador ? White Wolf ? Private security company , I believe . We have reason to believe that White Wolf may have been involved in these events . Now , if you are willing to acknowledge this possibility ... we may have some room to maneuver . We cannot be held responsible ... for the activities of a private organization , Russian or no . As you should very well know , mister ... ? Collins . Very convenient . Outsourcing your government 's dirty work to wealthy oligarchs like Viktor Klimenko . Viktor Klimenko is a fool with too much money . He 's product of Americanstyle capitalism . People like him are running your country . Ridiculous . We 're willing to consider , for the moment ... that your government had no knowledge of this . But if there 's an organization operating within your borders that perpetrated an act of terror on this country then it must be dealt with . If you are unwilling or unable to do so , then we will be forced to take action . I was not aware that you have authority to speak for your country on matters of international diplomacy . You should not concern yourself with such things . Mr. Ambassador ... when someone in your country threatens my country ... it is my concern . Whatever has begun here ... first stone was thrown by you . Hi folks , sorry to keep you waiting , we will be getting started shortly in about 30 minutes . So , about 4 PM . 4 PM Mountain Time . - You know , I 've given this a lot of thought . - Jesus ! Tom ! Sorry . What have you given a lot of thought ? I don 't think we should do a sitcom . I was thinking a variety show , I could tell jokes , you could sing . We can get Vernon to do that stupid dance that he does . Yeah , except your jokes aren 't that funny . Really ? McClellan seems to think so . What 'd he say ? About what you 'd expect . What you 're going to do ? It 's not really a choice . There 's always a choice . Not this time . I just wanted to ... You 're not trying to ask me out right now , are you ? You were right . I should have listened , that girl probably wouldn 't be dead if I had . No , she wouldn 't . Is that what you wanted to say ? I want to try to explain why I made ... Tom ... You 've got people waiting for you out there . I 'll see out there . See you out there . At which time you took it upon yourself to ... bring in a civilian expert ... one ... Zachary Walzer in to consult for you ? - Yes , that 's correct . - Excuse me , madam . Zachary Walzer ... a Mars expert . Correct . And why did you do this ? At the time I thought it prudent to pursue every line of inquiry , including exploring the validity of the Mars story . And you stand by that action ? I do . And you maintain that you acted properly in delaying the transfer of the suspect ? I do , yes . What motivated you to do that ? I felt that turning him over as a terror suspect would prevent us from fully investigating his claims before he succumbed to his injuries . So you took it upon yourself ... to continue the investigation in the field ? Yes . A precedent set by the Extra - Terrestrial Exposure Act of 1969 . Did it occur to you that your actions may provoke an international incident ? The suspect 's frail bones suggested development in a low gravity environment ... The capsule contained fossilized evidence of primitive life . At some point in the 1980s the Soviet Union launched a manned mission to Mars . A mission that they didn 't announce to the public . Yuri ... as we came to call him , was the child of two cosmonauts sent on that mission . And where are these cosmonauts now ? Still on Mars I assume ? I can 't say for certain . Of course you can 't . I think we 've heard enough . Mr. Taylor ... as you well know , your actions ... indirectly caused in the death of a Canadian citizen . A civilian . - Yes . - Knowing what you know now ... do you regret any of the decisions that you made ? Everything I did I did because I thought it was the right thing to do at the time . And I would do it all again , even knowing the consequences . Thank you Mr. Taylor . This committee is now ready to render judgment . It 's clear to me ... that you made some very serious lapses in judgement during your handling of the Calgary affair . But it is the opinion of this committee that those mistakes were not crimes . Since you have already resigned your position , no further action against you is necessary . That concludes ... these proceedings . Do you have any idea how many favors I had to call in to keep you out of the stockade ? You 're buying breakfast . Miss ? Could you get me me a knife that cuts please ? Thank you . I asked Susan to marry me . Don 't see a ring . You noticed that , huh ? Was that ... before or after Calgary ? During . That 's why you broke the quarantine ? That was stupid . I 'm in no position to argue . Sounds like the act of a desperate man . Maybe . All I can say is that at the time it seemed the most ordinary thing I could do . - I can 't really explain better than that . - Well , maybe ... what you saw up there got you to thinking that ... impossible might just be possible . I saw something bigger than me . Something bigger than this . All this . I think I saw a kid that grew up on mars . You realize that ... that sounds crazy ... to most normal people ? I do . But you believe it . I believe in a possibility , and that 's why I had to do something . I was the only one that could protect that kid . I needed to know for certain . Sounds like something Sam ... would have done . He was smarter than me , you know ? I remember ... one time he said to me ... quot ; Frankquot ; , he said ... quot ; do you know what we 're fighting here ? quot ; quot ; The Communistsquot ; , I said . quot ; Noquot ; , he said . quot ; It 's bigger than that.quot ; quot ; We 're fighting despair.quot ; I have no idea what that means . Me neither . I think he would have been proud of you . I 'm gonna go out on a limb . You asking what 's-her-name to marry you ... sorry about that , by the way , but ... but I don 't know if that 's what you really wanted . You wanted something to make sense because you were confronted by something that didn 't . Which is part of the reason why you were the perfect man for this job . You ... you had to think possibilities that the others won 't . And that , that 's what makes you important . That 's what makes you worth saving . Even if sometimes it leads you to make stupid-ass mistakes now and again . If you say so ... Give yourself some credit . Your instincts weren 't entirely wrong . The whole idea that the Soviets stranded some people on Mars ... It isn 't entirely impossible , you know . It has ... just the right ring of desperation to be true . I took the opportunity to ... poke around . I flexed my ... considerable muscle in certain intelligence circles ... to see if there was anything to find . And ? Almost nothing . A name ... Why ? You got beat up over this but that doesn 't mean you were wrong . But you 've made an enemy out of McClellan . That 's not good . He 's a player . The country needs people like McClellan . But it also needs people like you . You 've stumbled on to something here , and if you see the whole way through it , it might just be the most important thing you 'll ever do . So ... You want what I got ? How are ya Adlai . What are you doing here , sir ? You can drop the sir . I 'm not your boss anymore . Okay . What are you doing here ? I need to talk with him . I don 't think he has any desire to see you . It 's important . I 'm sure it is , but I don 't want to be the one to tell ... You have something you wanna say to me ? Than say it . You put her in that situation . I know . She trusted you . We all trusted you . You want to make sure she didn 't die for nothing ? Then help me . Where is he ? Laika ! Doctor . I have nothing to say to you . I think you 'll want to hear what I have to say . Can I come in ? You like whiskey ? I spoke with a colleague of mine at Cornell a couple months ago . He said ... he 'd check for high levels of deuterium in the person 's blood . It 'd tell you if they 'd been drinking the water . Never occurred to me . If we 'd checked Yuri 's blood we would have found what we were looking for . Was that her ? Who ? Oh ... Yeah , that 's her . What 'd she think of your work ? She was fine with it . Until she wasn 't . She said I was obsessed . People like us don 't get to have wives . People like us ? People like us can 't be happy unless we feel like we 're doing something important . Something that matters . Or maybe it 's just an excuse to avoid confronting your real problems , ever think about that ? What are you actually doing here ? I told your people everything I know during the debriefing . They 're not my people anymore . Tough break . You ever hear from your Russian friend ? No . I 've lost a lot of sleep over that one . You were just doing what you thought was right at the time . But it doesn 't excuse it . There 's a lot we don 't know about that day . What if I told you I might know how to find Yuri ? I sincerely doubt they were able to get him out of that base alive . You sure about that ? You have something ? A name . Who ? Someone in the Ukraine . Someone who may have been involved with the Soviet mission . Come with me . To the Ukraine ? Are you insane ? That 's the prevailing opinion these days . - Taylor ... - We 've had our difficulties , but ... I can 't do this without your help . I need your knowledge . And frankly , you 're the only one who knows what 's at stake here . And the only idiot dumb enough to actually go with you ? You 're serious . What do you think this guy knows ? Is he for real ? Let 's find out . When I first saw that kid ... when I saw this evidence ... that people ... had already been to Mars ... I felt ... depressed ... Strange , right ? You 'd think I 'd be elated . I thought I 'd be . I figured it was just a matter of time ... that it just hadn 't sunken in yet . But ... I always thought ... that when we went to Mars ... we 'd go together ... in peace . That it was a place we 'd go with the noblest of intentions ... a bold new start for humanity ... But this ... this was all so messy and ... awful . I realized that it was foolish to think ... that we could do ... anything ... without bringing our baggage along . And I was sad about that . I wondered ... for the first time ... would I even want to go ? Would you ? Of course . Then come with me . I can 't , I have things ... - I have ... - Baggage ? You really think we can find him ? I don 't know , but I have to try . Okay . But there 's a condition . Don 't ever ... lay a hand on me ... again . I must be out of my mind . There are events that are pivot points in history . There are moments when we have to make hard choices . Those choices have consequences . And some moments ... change the world . This was one of those moments . Closed captioning : Francesco Bavastro quot ; zefram cochranequot ;
