 COWBOYS AND ALIENS ( 2011 ) We raiding hourse of absolution . You know how far west we are ? Maybe not . Is there any reason The answer to why me ? Look at what was at hand . This post ? Elenej . 'Can t be a refugee on the run . You could make things quite make out . i cen think . it 's not your 's lucky day baby . Turn around and start walk . I said turn around and start walk . Cowboys and Aliens ( Substitles by vicky roy ) Get out ! Hello ? Arms they heaven friend . You should know . You All right turn around Nice and slow . I been shoted . What because man get shoted . Criminals and victims . Are wich one are you ? I do not know . You got a name from ? I don 't know that either ? And just what do you know english . You all right that 's a rare are looking warm thair is . It 's looks alomost cauterizd . Ya ! it must sting a bit . This is a mining town ? Ya their was an ocean People moved on no For a gold . All right iam drain hols to . Very good This is not gun shot . Where did you get this ? I do not know . Cen ride of the who ever you sent ? you know Your clode ya I have been sap : i 've seen good man do bad things The bad man do good bad things Where you gonna end up you have it 's not gott explain is your home you must get remember who are you was . put your finger right hear come on their we go ya . Thank you . I bale for country pud you . Dam fool dollar hunting kid . Hey , hey , hey what do you doing horse people up their . there Is no one out there . it 's is fine . It 's not fine . they not be treat for free you gonna shoot up the place What was that ha ? nothing serious any thing every thing is ok go back in side just Shut up Iam on hear what you sayd It 's bad enough what You are greatfull for our bristles Because if you was My pass cattle , if you know money don 't for this town Every know meat on your tables And your dor will be Close ha ? I don 't mean this is suspect your father course you know that ? . of course yah but you asked me to pay Come here , let 's settle up . Come hear . hey , get uot of your home what your trouble i just tried better pick up your glass , dog before some one steps on them Alright son Just trying to make a little help Come on . Do you what creatuere you just gave me a idea I know would i sunday floks but what say we take of a collectio for the poor man ? hah ? hey whose got money ? nayaya Let 's go. much a blaged I 'm sorry , blagged. right fortune has to be takening from little bit people in a hat is my Christian in you Hey ! You too . You wann be careful what you point that you say before you get hurt listen IAm under even the benifit of the doubt because maybe hah ! maybe you don 't know who iam get off . Hey , you I am warning you what the hell he come from ? Where the hell he come from ? What 's the hell is going on here Where he Was an accident . he came here or not He drag also me. he tride to make me look like a fool It wasn 't my fault Sharif . Dam it Percy.you corss the line you stop it igotta lock you Taggart . You know that 's not a good idea o iam afride again no choice now Ned . Ned , you sun of abitch , Where are you going ? Do not worry . I 'll tell your father , about What happened here today . I am going to coffe be ready hey pill let 's do it again next time you gonna eddof from me comon take it easy then i will slap you murphy Mr. Dolarhyde don 't like friendly on the job Mr. Dolarhyde make you on the job I get inract ass with him high myle colonel dolarhyde like I don 't care how many you geep pull on you either You sure your slap guns alone the boss stay around i will be back you stay their oh god i will you tell something boys Money make 's you sharp Where the hell is the coach ? coach what coach ? You shoted the Deputy Percy . the federal Brand new santa fe . Federam marshal Sheriff have you losse your minde My pa he is honest way down hear . You better then me getout of hear please get out of hear Sharif , it was an accident . It 's kind like iam jesse james Sun of a bitch Hey , you put that on * * * * stay away . Fifty cents . keep with you Thair no respect who we are . that 's not true . ok You wann leave ? no This is your dream . I 'll follow you anywhere . I think it is your dream . God dammit Hey Charlie , What 's you play some best to you such a like a funeral like hear . hey you don 't have to prove like that ok ok ? I love you . Iam Not sure . whiskey . You have to what do you think . ohh I just here to drink . I know you ? no My name is Ella . Where do you get the bracelet ? here somthing you know about me lady ? you don 't remember any thing do you ? What do you want ? I know you are looking for something . some how Good luck to you . Move a way . Jake Lonergan . you gonna follow me over the office and you have 's little chat I think you got wrong me . iam gonna hear for you come with us sam will know about you . I don 't want any trouble . Bright sun shine . You are in trouble now . you gonna burn . here my father is comming for me . you lern how to kill me do you in slow picking in war . I wanna watch you suffer ... for Long ... long time . you fell if you fell that ship shot hacker Please . I don 't want your cow Colonel Dolarhyde , You gotta believe me . you are been riding bran for what two weeks . you know maybe no who dealing with roy i want to call 's me colonel . another day you mostly dead . Please . you add little bit is speaking up bran tell me what you get not colonel Dolarhyde vamos . You are been drinking ain 't you , iam smelling it on you i ever been drinking i smelld to you for drinking i never mean gos round blowing up bother people 's tows And tells up bull shit story like this you couldn 't do no better you probebly belive who iam i it 's branlight . So thair was has been light . And you fell into the river , don 't you go mad Two of the best teams just disappear Hold and pull slower . no one no lightning this is unique . you don 't resepct me do you your own Where is Persy ? Taggart locked him up boss why ? Where did you know Shoted the deputy . god dammn it . what the hell what Taggart think he is doing he wouldn 't even have a job or not . Now I have like had go in there i know reson with him because you faill the look after my boy . Thank you . Thank you . All right , all the saddle up . boss we are get more hands . what ? You are not gonna believe this . I think jakeLonergan he is in their turn your a federal marshal . you gonna tell me what iam charging with Arson , assault , medium hijacking wanted ( note ) This is you are out the stage last mounth . with Paul Dolan and McCadem . Which makes you acessary get warning broken That it ? Murder . prostitute at kind growing is kind of your own . and the hell is Willis . you sayd that i killed this woman ? You tell me . Oh yap . your Wrist . Taggart , what do you doing Sheriff , this is going too far . i was this for a round . I don 't need to hurt anybody . Go away . listen iam sorry . But have no choice i couldn 't let you leave iam leaving now . I need you. you got somthing to say say it I need to know where you came from . so i . leave mam pleasent and a nice trip now . Taggart . Taggart , let me out . Sharif take them let me out of here . Sharif . What are you doing you get back Home. get out . Please , do not go . i have to do it 's my job . I don 't like it here . your pa get things in order even what you said when here don 't worry he will . Your moom was buried there . you now i cen she as a girl . - Taggart . - Yes , I saw them . Go inside now . I want my boy John. pa paa I need came from me from , Shut up . on you witch give later . Yes , that 's Lonergan , guys . This is son of a bitch stole my gold , from bogie of coche . i want that 's for him . you don 't have to take them with out judge sherrif i will handle this senior fame you give me him now . or iam gonna take him what about me pa i said shut up boy What 's the hell is that What the hell they comming back . they comming back - they comming back . disperse . Do not move.lilly don 't move . Give me your hand . Give me your hand . What the hell for are you kidding give me the hand come here Emmet . Come on . go on emmet give your hand . no Come on , kid . Give me your hand . What is that look at this what we took get out of here Where is Persie ? come out . I can 't paa . You are a coward . What is the things why asking me ? cause you 've shot it . what that thing where did you get that i don 't know What do you mean you do not know ? what 's the hell is that they Tooke my wife . Hey ! is anyone in their no Is my wife in their No ! Is it dead ? is it was demon we presume here where ever you see sort of description but i ? Satan ? What are you talking about ? is that is the bible stuff demons I 'm not talking about anything what the hell are you talking about you gotta colm down doc colm down it 's we know him you tell him that demons took my wife i don 't said that such thing now to took our people o yes Boss . Boss , was this way . I don 't know what it is , but bleeding . that 's not a same direction that machine are impair again . we gonna be little tracked in the ark . man of the horse , and get supplies . with set off first place . yes sir You do you will with us I need them whipping the see only thing that chance I think you owe me I don 't see that way What do you want leave me wright now , or I 'll kill you . they took my people to i have been looking for a long time I know you can help me to find them . you Stay away from me . I can help you it 's Heading north . this Tracks are still fresh . don 't think iam little riding with you to ( C ) yes mam you gotta kiddin my dog why not me ( C ) you are back . What is that ? you have to take it back . look here little will that 's blood money you know like god dam horrent . like robbering and killing that 's gonna get us what we need Jake . - Stay there . Jake well well well Look at who is back i see you i see my gold unless stay we finding was people for us And i cen take you best shot of collecting no Maybe that reward on your head be more tracking for opposition i cen just shoot in the chest cut that your and hang of your arm how do you know our do long is Auther allready dead i think it 's a one and jail they work holly shit boss is right they was broken that 's hate him that 's me you on start with your wife you know like this all the troupe is it your opinion have to meat a long conversation . i said cook some beans or some use full Or cooking beans . Do something useful . take some primary advice go and Get your self a gun and how to use it . rine Wash the way i don 't know what 's about bros might be that one is up side down Five hundred miles for may the river big enough the hole comeon get it back the other end iam not goning any ware near that thing loose your self Sleeping in a rain . you face to say somthing Maybe ... Maybe we should called in the army they could have turn this over to the null west board you scatter get on the calibrate ass washington wich hand the wipe with later on they anti tell me what to do . Lost 328 men . or Kornfeld , because the sector . I remember those stories . I don 't recon that tell 's me that stories . allright listion when you tell them to Percy . look cen 't this you sick INDIAN scrawl them stories work for you you are for my son . get out of here . Go look after the horses . Do your job you 've looking into this knif you like this knif you look after that don 't loose it no angle this much of packer here when you hold notice things like you hanging from What the hell iam doing ? that 's my fault captain i never shoot taking with left hand No , no , no.not your fault . You will get it his back. some times you are wright you gotta have faith son Faith ? Ya . i got that real swam in me I don 't know this recept could you to hear out their or hear unlike me either very much we sure littil bit respect to lord to do every thing before you do you that do you have ern his presence Then you got to recognize him And then you have to act him i think you are on the target . shoot that 's better better come on try a little Iv 'e been there a long Yes . their is somthing you need who is she ? she is going from goes where you you know who you are just you rty to rember who i can 't yes i cen is it hurt it 's fine it 's here . easy dog easy . who is before Hello Stay away from that boy Oh no ! ya ... that boy the boy hes fine hey that 's ok you go and get them People back . you have the mercury words son i know who you are . dog . Come on boy . Where are you ? tracks and good it to heard his noise Where are you been Run off. we got dam cowards . I can not find the dog We not wait before . he is Run , or dead . Let 's go . hey hey wait i will gonna say some say some words over well we wanna know what to you say in the ground here enough we took the taggret put in their No , it 's not enough . you late lord hua here is the such thing his soul is may have you good one please protected him may be feel better give quite place in haven just , just . Amen . How is that Good words where you go short jumping one I 'm worried about my grandfather . all right you iam lonly gets little bit all right you are now All this of Mexico . We are cow man apaches gose riding horse .gentleman called Jiruaca . My father wanted me to be a man for making the ride up the heroism banging niter hood oh boy that is scared well we got their was too late a girl dead place with out murk down this one seller fellow keep going on to burning to gether you has bend . you know he is gonna dying . burning man . you all over looking in to my eyes he said you owe me what did you do I took this knife off his belt And i slave his throne ( C ) Take him be a man . you rougf isn 't you ? you 's mean is well hey Dolarhyde . tracks are clouse to gather . they Sloweing down had it into the valely . hand 's up in the air i made you to belay . is what they called hold up welcome everybody . well boss boss , is that you ? where are you what hte hang you doing here hey Who are your your amegos just hah you should know guarantee i never cross you again doing that you always my favourite shutup Jake , did you brake my tooth would you shut up iam thinking How many boys you have left ? about same Witch is ... Thirty ? that 's right thrity good good that 's you have to bring me to the captain this static has i think dream We now go to the camp that 's a wrong ( c ) forty nineth gold looking great . must dynamite we will give now i think you scard your self melMan . what time you got back he ya what the hell are you doing well jake you got some balls right back again here like nothing will happen boys grab your gunswhere ever will right now boys aren 't go any ware with you jake you fix in to the robbery coach that 's exactly what we are going to do do you heard a man who ? and who will jake with this gang for you watch your mouth or what i want this out fate now put your gin 's on the her here is the monstars quenches blow our brain 's were ever you He said the her you calld her hore again you or little less word you ever see you in a no possess to me threads spoild . hon , take his gun take his gun sorry , Jake . Where is our gold , Jake ? I do not remember . But I do remember you turnd now seriously when somthing tryd i across some on ( C ) i guss you just left part all about do you know about our gold for do you know last job some one ask you one last time . Where is it Jake ? Demons . What 's that demons took your gold . When you get the hell You can ask wright back Kill that horn i told you not to call her everybody weapon i said drop him not fallen you know adolescent very nice on your Horses . go get it get it get it get your gun you always be my favorite get up hey They 're here . move up . come on stay back it 's ok i got you i got you can You swim ? ohh God . Turn your head . you all wright ha let 's Swim you will fine ? ya I don 't know that i will do that again no Ella . hey you stay with me . you know again you remember now don 't you What ? your women if you love her you can tell me . i cen 't remember iam lost that All I know who is i owe to her . I will find her iam Sorry. iam Sorry . i Gotcha . I got you . It 's not far help . You owe me We gonna be just fine who is that ella ? is right them boss i Got her . - you return ar we not bring her here here give it to no give it to give it to her doc How is she you just calm down no no no she is not dieing she is not she is not dieing Jake . she is gon Doc . Don 't be scare kid . Dock This is black knife their is no reson aim with them what 's left to the Chiricahuah their is greatness to you He saying white people they brought all this evil to his people We brought you call you are a cheater you are the evil one He said we broght the monsters tell them this people too tell about my wife tell this to the people iam Sorry but iam gonna tell you you one of them no I 'm from different wise i Took this forms i cen walk among you why you shouldn 't tolld me i didn 't know froget heal this body if i will wakeup he Wants to know where you are . What she says ? - she says she came from a place of both of the stars what 's that mean another world ? what do you mean ? what he says you shouldn 't talk you mean you shouldn 't talk i gotta questions they gust of the chief iam not aganist us I was in a prisoner . owe owe hey you both big man great warriors cen we just listion to the women tells us story what ever she is what are they doing here They want gold . that 's just that 's ridiculos what are they gonna do buy somthing It is rare to them , is it is to you what about my grandfather ? what about my And my wife . what about the other people are they still alive they stay are they won 't be far they studying your weaknesses . They is just scouts . If we let them leave they will come back with more their will be no survivors just won get to my people . I came here to make sure will not happend again but we have to work together He says his people will join her . you join her what she gonna do what you gonn do We can find them . He knows where they are . no i don 't i can 't remember any thing you like me remember own name He says they they will take care of that they wright brought the gold to the house she war she died It 's not your fault . I know where they are . jesus pray josef how they build somthing like that they of did it this is their vessel . vessel on the top they vessels under ground they hiding mucher gold So there is gold here . you cen i see out of that i don 't see what like they hide they Stay in underground together so it 's darker marin get cloused the flaying machines is sprake this of for we cen any ware here There is another way . down there when they came out they get those creature are in there how the open where we get of him so you cen in there with their army then get our people out We have one advantage . they underestimate you You like insects to them . their is no plane for defending him selfs they will be vulnerable When that enough man . you will always get gonn walk He says he wanted use Your spy glass they Apache of mountain warriors He said it 's better to fight from the High ground I tell him he is a fool there is no high ground or they got those flaying machines Jake 's leaving oh that 's just end them sun of a * * * * it 's strong how much gold we had left but enough the molding must share right now so i can get just far away from your possibly cen Brad . i 've got him boss . well I have one hell the job finding you boys you play on a trip whene are his far away we cen go do you Remember Puerto Vallarta ? i get confection you toking us you wann come with us don 't make no their for us It 's not fought enough . well what was that things jake It does not matter. they gonna find us . ningo wife is out ( C ) when are you say one of the fireness you got a choice you cen drink you last few hours away on the beach which by the way it 's not a bad idea we wanna follow you one last time it 's not a meet the best use of our resource you havd restrict listion to me * * * * I doesn 't understand jakas You got to explain to him . look we can 't just run around halarin and throwing speare and shooting arrows damn thing you gotta draw them out of there under open groung or we cen surround them and attack him all the sides flatdum Explain to him . He sayd he is not gonna let he lead his people What ' he saying He saying thing is open their hearts and he see any way he see his parents died mexicon war he took a man when he was a boy she gave me purpose thoma take care of your self even know your not blood it 's you despice battle first warrior ware they any fight he says you are a such a great warrior while on the you have a man boy and father in the battle . dog . dog . god damn we ready to go assemble it matches i don 't have more matches then i have to go down i donn 't know in the moment i do Go. go. come on go on. go I think we destroyed it . they directly come to us . take this go there it 's show time . you see our people wave here arms - Yes , Sir . move her Good job no people out of there i got a mouse that 's me let 's get them this is how to get the gold up we are not a going down federal be banish here we go come on doc doc get down here jesuss . doc we get one here we go I always dreamd I had a father if i don 't know what 's dream that have a son like you go get percy get your son they totelly delighted hold them up iam looking for light too ( c ) All right calling they that will be like this each one is different hold them off even better hurry . there is more will Coming . Go . every body is out all right Hey , where do you go We went this way . dog , go . What are you doing We have to get out of here . No I came here to destroy that thing how your Bracelet . Take it off . i can 't take it off . Yes . You can you control it . How ? just when you shoot it think in your mind You have to stop thinking This isn 't work it 's off if i cen it to the trance core i cen stop them let 's go on take this throw it Goodbye , Jake . What ? Wait ? no ! I see them. they got out other side did you see percy yah seen him what about And what Jake and Ella ? No , no.they are not there you all right old men ? Where are the girl ? she Is still in side Grandpha . it 's is me . Emmett Emmett you are not growin up Percy . could You remember me , my boy ? iam Sorry , I will remember much . I am your father . ohh pha you Remember Me ? I thought you were dead . was gold , make things different they have a royalty here soon They changes cattle bussiness show thes ledgers back to the bank for my vehicle I tell them I need some little checks . great i want the news really dolarhyde son is it really good yes Yes , sir . John . Woodrow . where is our town it 's growing up bigger You are gonna leave without saying good bye where are you Iam a wanted man iam just swear Jake Lonergan with Died in the caves. would you Sharif ? damn shame iam going to before that hell my self i think there is a good man in you yes you good Jake she is in a better place . see you around Colonel . substitles by vickey roy thank you guys
