 AMANDA : Previously on Caprica ... The device that I need is called a Meta-Cognitive Processor . An MCP chip . And the only one in existence is owned by the Vergis Corporation . I need something stolen from the Vergis Corporation . On Tauron . AMANDA : How could my daughter have set off a bomb ? A group known as Soldiers of the One is responsible for the bombing . You 're out here saying that Zoe was crazy . Zoe wasn 't crazy . She wasn 't . She slammed her door . She played loud music . And blew up a commuter train . I talked to her . You did ? When ? After she died . A virtual version of her . An avatar . AMANDA : You can 't do this here . Warrant . My husband does defense work on these premises . DURAM : The girl 's room is downstairs . I need you to step away from the lockers right now . Now ! Step away ! WOMAN : Let 's go ! Move it ! Clear the hallway ! Folks , we 're looking for STO agents . This is for your own protection ! ZOE : I exist inside a robot . Only my best friend , Lacy , knows . I have someone for you to find . Keon Gatwick . You need to find out how they were gonna get from Caprica into the safe house on Gemenon . I have to go to Gemenon and take Zoe 's package with me . I can maybe set up a meeting with Barnabas . That 's all I can do . DANIEL : I decided to give away my most profitable invention , but there is a consequence . The board called an emergency meeting . So , if I don 't come up with answers to the Holoband crisis , they 're going to try to force me to step down from my own company . Holobands are over ? And this is our future . TAMARA : I 'm stuck in a virtual world with no way of getting out . You need to go to the real world . You need to find my father . You know the address . You heard it . I 'll wait for you in New Cap City , so you can find me . Tamara sent me . What are you talking about ? She 's in the V-World and she can 't get out . My daughter 's dead . Hey , hey . Hey ! Stop ! I just want you to know , sir , you have our full support . ( JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) Good to see you , sir . Congratulations , sir . Doctor , it 's a pleasure . Hey , how are you ? It would appear that I 've won back the confidence of the board . Yes , how many board members came over to congratulate you ? Seven , but ... 700 . Who 's counting ? The C-Bucs won today . No one called me Terror Mom . You look beautiful , Dr. Graystone . Thank you , Dr. Graystone . Don 't go doing anything fancy here . ( LAUGHS ) No ! No ! Daniel , you 'll kill your back . What happened , babe ? Did you hurt yourself ? I 'm all right . If you 'll excuse me for a moment . I 'll be right back . ( EXHALES ) ( CLEARS THROAT ) What are you doing here ? It 's a party . I love to party . It 's a private function with a guest list . I 'm not quite sure how you got in . I donated a frak-Ioad of money . Just like all the other clenched-ass gas-bags in the room . Museum doesn 't care if my cubits have Tauron dirt all over them . Just look at this . Stockholders . Friends ? Some I wonder what they would think if they knew that you 'd stolen my chip and killed two of my men . We should get together while I 'm on-world to discuss the situation . AMANDA : Did Vergis say something to you , Daniel ? DANIEL : It 's nothing . Everything 's going to be fine . What did he say to you , babe ? It 's about the U-87 contract . He won 't accept that we got the job , and he 's yelling about his intellectual property . Not much merit to his arguments , but he could cause us a lot of trouble . SERGE : Dr. Xander is at the gate . Yes , allow access . Tell him I 'll meet him in the lab . You should go on to bed . This might take some time , sweetheart . Really ? You 're gonna go like that ? Yeah . Mmm-hmm . Sorry . Try and get some sleep . I know you haven 't been sleeping well lately . I worry about you . Yeah . You 'll tell me the rest when you 're ready , yeah ? Yes . He 's bluffing . He knows we have the MCP . That 's not bluffing . That 's knowing . No , but I mean , if he had proof , we 'd be in court , or we 'd be in jail by now . If we go to jail , he doesn 't get anything out of it . I think ... I think he wants to blackmail me . He must have found something new . Why else would he be here now ? Did he say something about blackmail ? Not in so many words . He said that we should get together for lunch this week and discuss our situation . " Our situation , " that 's it ? He also said that two of his men were killed in the MCP theft . But who knows if he 's telling the truth or not ? Serge , have Sean bring the car around . We need to go back into town . Look , I don 't think you need to panic . You didn 't commit the break-in . He can 't tie you ... I know , but the men I hired are Tauron . Tauron ? Who knows where their loyalty lies ? Yes . Please the Gods , Daniel , you 're telling me you went to the Ha 'la 'tha ? Not directly , no . Not directly , but you went to the Tauron mob to rob a Tauron ? You need to be careful what you say . I take it back ! Now I 'm panicking ! Very helpful ! Frak me ! I need more from you in a time of crisis , Cyrus ! ( SIGHS ) All right , let 's think this through . Yes . I think you ... You meet with Vergis , see what he wants . Admit nothing . Agree to nothing . Maybe he 'll show his hand . ( SIGHS ) That 's better . Thank you . SERGE : Your car is ready , Daniel . I 'll be right up . I need to see someone else first , find out who knows what . Who ? Your mob friend ? ( GRUNTS ) ( BEEPS ) Welcome ! ( GASPS ) ( CHUCKLES ) Okay . ( EXHALES ) Welcome back to Virtual Graystone Industries . I represent Daniel Graystone , and I 'm here to get you started on your adventure . I need to find Tamara . I can provide a variety of activities . What are you interested in ? Getting my wife and daughter back ! Let 's say you like to play golf . Go to any directional terminal ... I don 't need this . ... and enter the word " golf . " I don 't need menus . Take me to the hacked worlds . The product you have purchased only provides access to legally acquired and licensed applications . Criminal penalties for accessing unlicensed areas can include a fine of up to 352 cubits and other fines ... ( DISTORTION ) We have some business to discuss , if you can pull yourself away from my product for a minute . What the frak are you doing ? An old lady very kindly let me in . Yeah , well , I 'm gonna have to talk to her about that . I think you should get out . You swore that Vergis would never find out . You lied to me . What are you talking about ? He knows . Vergis knows ? About the MCP ? You people are supposed to be very good at this , which can only lead me to the conclusion that you set me up . If Vergis knows , then he just found out . You set me up ? Somebody in your lab bragging . No , no , this is no one on our end . I 've been covering up ever since that bloody chip landed in my hands . Maybe somebody in your lab wants to sell you out . It 's impossible . If Vergis knew , I 'd be dead already . Stealing from the friend of the Guatrau ? The Guatrau would have to make amends . So let 's talk about something real , okay ? I got a visit from a kid , said he talked to Tamara . ( LAUGHS ) That 's a scam . You lied to me about that ! She 's gone . Both our daughters are gone ! She 's there ! It 's impossible ! I told you before ! ( DOOR OPENING ) ( SIGHS ) Hey , Son . It 's okay . Go back to bed . You 're wrong . You better watch your step . Let 's go , Sean . TOMAS : I wonder what they would think if they knew that you 'd stolen my chip and killed two of my men . ( MEN SCREAMING ) ( KNIFE STABBING ) ( MAN CONTINUES SCREAMING ) And killed two of my men . And killed two of my men . MAN 1 ON RADIO : ... Caprica City . MAN 2 ON RADIO : Traffic is jammed on the 802 driveway this morning due to the latest Holocafe bombing . Authorities will only say they suspect STO involvement , but have no leads ... Who 's setting these bombs ? We think it 's Barnabas . The STO cells should be battening down , not calling attention to them ... Clarice , listen . It 's not important . Okay ? No , but it 's just infuriating , that 's all . We 'll deal with Barnabas later . Now , Olaf has found something I believe will be very helpful for us , so please , just listen . It 's cutting-edge . It 's called a swipe drive . It interfaces wirelessly to compress and copy data . So , if Zoe 's program were in a computer and we used that ... Then we 'd have it . We would be able to re-create the living Zoe avatar , just like he did . And as a matter of fact , we believe that we could create living avatars for any dead person , as long as they have enough data stored on the system . Well , it 's not just a living avatar . It 's a continuation of the soul into eternity . I mean , that 's what we all knew it was about , and I 'm certain that 's what Daniel was talking about on Sarno . Yes , yes . And Zoe 's avatar program must be on Graystone 's computer at his home lab . Now , we need you to go there and get that program . ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello ? Hello . This is Sister Clarice from Zoe 's school . Hey , Sister . Please , call me Clarice . What I wanted to say was that I saw you on Sarno , and I thought you were wonderful , and I just wanted to tell you that . Thank you so much . That 's ... It 's incredibly kind of you to call and tell me that . And , actually , I just wanted to come around if I could , you know , my way of saying goodbye , seeing her room . Yeah , well , if you 'd called a couple of days ago ... ( SIGHS ) ( SOBBING ) The GDD , ( SNIFFLING ) They searched the room , and they took everything . I 'm afraid there 's nothing left to see , Clarice . It 's ... It 's an empty room . Well , I have some books , actually . I ... Zoe left some books at school . I could bring them around to you , if you like . I mean , you know why this is bad , right ? If the Guatrau finds out we stole from another Tauron , he 's gonna want to know why . Is there anything that they can link back to us ? If you got time to ask if a bullet 's coming at your head , there probably isn 't . If it 's gonna blow back on me , I need to know . Did you do your job ? Hey , I handled my business . You go out and you handle yours . TOMAS : You know I would deny it in public , but I really believe that you cannot get a truly excellent Tauron steak . I always find that you have to over-season . ( LAUGHS ) What are you doing ? Hmm ? You come all the way here . You accuse me of theft . You accuse me of murder , for the Gods ' sake . And now we 're sitting here discussing steaks . We can do both at the same time . I didn 't steal your chip , and I didn 't kill anyone . There . Now , if you 'll excuse me ... No , no , no . Stop . I moved on . You moved on ? Then why are you here ? I 'm here to buy the Caprica City Buccaneers . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm sorry . What ? You didn 't see it coming . I was waiting to see the look on your face . I 'm offering 300 million cubits . Why ? Maybe I got Pyramid fever . Maybe I 'm looking for a way to put our past unpleasantness behind us . Or just maybe , I know to appease your board , you promised to get the MCP to work , and for that , you need cold , hard cash . ( BEEPS ) ( KEYBOARD CLACKING ) Are you kidding me ? Twelve planets and not one woman is interested in me . But ... What would it say if I checked robots ? Hmm ? You 'd go out with me , right , beautiful ? Yeah , I don 't ... You can laugh if you want , but you know , I 'd take you out , get the joints moving , maybe a little bit of dancing ... What are you doing ? Oh . ( CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY ) I 'm sorry . ( CHUCKLES ) Re-examine the U-87 's left arm solenoid . There 's no smoking in the lab , Doctor . Put it out . ( HORN SOUNDING ) Barnabas , Lacy said something about Zoe and Ben . Mmm-hmm . Finishing what they started . She needs our help . Look , I wouldn 't be bringing this to you if I wasn 't sure we could trust her . Pain keeps our brain from going down bad paths . Get in here . I 'll show you . Another time . I think we were talking about my friend . Yeah , bring her , that 's fine . If God has guided her to us , we 'll hear her out . Of course , if it 's not God guiding her , we 'll deal with that , too . They just don 't understand apotheosis . DISTORTED VOICE : They don 't want it . No , they just don 't get it . If the conclave would grant me an audience , I could make them see the value of it . They are supporting Barnabas , and you are going to have to accept that . God calls on us to display humility and place our trust in his emissaries . But he just does the church 's dirty work . He 's not one of God 's emissaries . I have a plan , and I can make it happen . I just need to be given a little bit more time , and then I can hand them something glorious . An afterlife that we can see and touch . I just need a little bit more time . CYRUS : Well , what if he really does just want the C-Bucs ? When you first got them , you sent out announcements like you 'd had a baby . DANIEL : That 's not him . You 've got to have a heart to love the game . Well , whatever . If he 's got 300 million cubits to throw our way , let him . We need the money . We won 't need it once we give the government our three prototypes , and I don 't want to hear anything about not being able to duplicate the MCP . You have to face it . Please . We can 't do it . We 've tried everything . Everything , really ? No , when I say ... No , actually , when I say everything , I mean everything except for one more thing , because I really love dragging this out . You 're frustrated . I 'm way beyond frustrated . There 's something about this MCP we don 't understand , and you know why ? Because you frakking stole it . It 's not ours . Shh ! Well , lucky for us , Daniel , the one guy who knows that for sure , he 's busy trying to throw us wads and wads of sweaty cash . The sweaty cash is bait for some kind of a trap . I know it . I just need to try and figure out what kind of mechanism it is . ( DOORBELL RINGS ) Greetings , Sister Clarice . Welcome to the Graystone residence . I take it I 'm supposed to respond to you . Only if you wish . I am called Serge . Well , that 's an unfortunate name . AMANDA : Ignore him . Ignore him . Daniel 's been programming all kinds of weird stuff into him lately . Please come in . Interesting home you have . I thought you might feel that way about them . About a bunch of stupid books ? Yeah , well , they 're not just books , are they ? It 's that they belonged to her . Yes . That they belonged to her . You know , I don 't have much left of her now , thanks to Agent Duram . ( SCOFFS ) Agent Duram . Do you know him ? He conducted a search of the lockers at the Academy . He terrorized the staff and the students . That motherfrakker . I 'm sorry , Clarice . It doesn 't bother me at all . You 'd be shocked to hear the language the teachers use in the lunchroom . Well , thank you very much for this . It means a great deal to me . Is that Scorpion Ambrosia ? Yeah . Do you know it ? Know it ? I was practically weaned on it . Daniel hates it . Hates it . Well , most Capricans do . They think it 's too strong , and it smells like sulfur . I know . They 're such babies . Gods . ( SNIFFS ) I know it 's a bit early in the day , but why don 't we try a little bit ? ( EXHALES ) Clarice . They took everything . That 's criminal . Yes , it is criminal . I 'm sorry . This room , it 's just like a big open wound . Can I give you some more ? Thank you . They took absolutely everything except for a few drawings in Daniel 's lab . You 've got some drawings of Zoe 's in his lab ? Mmm-hmm . Yeah , they couldn 't go in there , because there 's a very important defense project going on . Do you want to see them ? I don 't know . Are we allowed in there ? EVELYN : Who 's this ? JOSEPH : That 's what I want you to figure out . He 's a witness in a case . I 'll give these to Fred . No , no , no . Not a PI . It 's confidential . I need you to find this kid . Okay . This is from the third and fourth grade . This one . " Dad works hard . Love , Zoe . " These have been here for so long , I don 't even notice they 're there anymore . Perhaps you should take them upstairs in a more public place , have them around you . Yeah , maybe I will . Maybe I will . That 's a scary thing . Yeah , that . That is the very , very important defense project that Daniel 's been working on . Frakking ugly monster . ( SIGHS ) Did Zoe ever tell you about how much she hated Daniel 's work ? Mmm . No , actually , I don 't think she did . She hated it . She hated it . Gods , she 'd have hated this . Frakking killer robots in her house ? She 'd have gone frakking nuts . Well , she did say that she loved this house . No , not this house . She talked about growing up here , and planting a garden with you . Not this house . It was the other house that burned down when she was five . Here I go . ( SIGHS DEEPLY ) Dark territory again . But , listen , Clarice . I am very drunk , and I am very glad that you came over . I would like to thank you . I 'm just happy to give . Barnabas ? Welcome . Come in . Sit down . So , tell me , Lacy , what is it exactly that you need from me ? Um ... You got some cargo you want to move off-world ? What ? What is it ? Right , right . I can 't tell you that . But Zoe died trying to get it to Gemenon . I owe it to her to see her plan through . And you 're asking for my assistance , yet you 're not telling me what I 'm getting myself into . What gets unleashed when this thing gets to Gemenon ? If you actually knew , then you would be criminally liable . You 're a very bright girl . Thank you . I can 't help you . I don 't want to . Go . No . Now ! ( BIKE ENGINE STARTING ) What were you thinking , bringing her here ? She was Zoe 's friend . You know how much Zoe meant to the movement . No , what I know , is that you 've got to stop thinking with your tarse . Maybe this is all about you feeling guilty about building the bomb that blew up her friend . Hey ! Don 't say that ! She doesn 't know that , and I didn 't know he was gonna use it for that . Yeah , well , maybe you need to explain to her how God doesn 't want us keeping secrets . I need to know that she 's with us . I need to know the same about you , too . Huh ! Look , just find out what the cargo is , and then we 'll talk , huh ? ( SINGSONG ) Someone 's about to get lucky . ( GASPS ) ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) ( BEEPS ) MAN ON TV : ... rumors that Tomas Vergis has made an offer for a key franchise , the Caprica City Buccaneers . In the wake of the bombings , the GDD has raised the threat level to serious . Okay , folks , thank you guys so much for coming out tonight . We have a fantastic show . Our first guest has been called one of the brightest minds of the 12 Colonies . He 's an inventor . He 's an innovator . He 's a philanthropist . And from what I understand , an excellent kisser . Ladies and gentlemen , give a big welcome to Tomas Vergis . Tomas Vergis , ladies and gentlemen . Here ... Here he comes . Looking good . Hey . TOMAS : You look well , sir . SARNO : I look well-fed . Mmm-hmm . Well , here 's a gift . Tauron cigars . ( SARNO CHUCKLES EXCITEDLY ) I am going to share these with my capable and excellent staff . Staff , look over there . ( AUDIENCE LAUGHING ) No brandy ? You like brandy ? I like brandy . Well , let 's talk about a re-book . Okay , wow . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) All right , so Bucs versus Bulls , Graystone versus Vergis . These are classic rivalries . No , no , no , I can 't believe you 're going there . Danny Graystone and I , we 're friendly competitors . We are not deadly rivals . We were at a museum exhibit together last night . Last night ? Who won ? ( ALL LAUGHING ) Look , we don 't fight . I ... Danny makes Holobands , he 's a toy maker . I 'm in a completely different business . ( AUDIENCE EXCLAIMING ) Come on ! I 'm sorry , no bad blood there . I don 't know if you saw recently , he and his wife were on the show . Yes , I did . Amanda Graystone , beautiful , intelligent woman . My heart goes out to them and everyone who suffered in that terrible and senseless bombing . It 's ... It 's a funny thing , tragedy . It makes you realize where your heart belongs , and I was educated on Caprica . You know that . And I have a couple of homes here . Well , we can all relate to that . Well , I ... I started to think about where I belong , ( EXHALES ) And how I felt inside . And we 're all Capricans . I may as well make it official . I 'm gonna get my citizenship . You cagey genius . ( AUDIENCE APPLAUDING ) ( LAUGHS ) Wow . Caprica loves you , Tomas Vergis . I know what he 's up to . Caprica loves you . MAN ON RADIO : ... to turn to the book of the word ... WOMAN ON RADIO : Are you ready to meet the love of your ... ( HUMMING ) ( SINGING ) ( COMPUTER CHIMES ) ( CHUCKLING ) Yes . ( SINGSONG ) Oh , Rachel . Thank you . ( DANCE MUSIC PLAYING ) ( PEOPLE CHATTERING ) Hey . Wow . Are you all right ? That could have been bad . Are you okay ? Nothing but a bruised back . Sorry . I mean , how do people wear these things ? They 're not good for you . I know . They throw off your center of gravity and totally change the curve of your spine . I mean , they 're just not natural . I 'm Philomon . Thank the Gods . I thought that was you standing over there , but I was kind of too shy to say anything . I 'm Rachel from V-Match . Hi , hi . You know , you look familiar . Oh , my Gods , you ... You look like Zoe Graystone . Is that a problem ? Well , no , but I ... 'Cause , I mean , I 'm sure that , you know , you don 't look like ... You know , like this . ( STAMMERING ) I do , actually . Oh . So , now I feel like an idiot . No , no , not at all . It 's just a bold statement , is what I was trying to say . Honestly , Philo ? Can I call you Philo ? Yeah , sure . I thought looking like the most hated girl in the Twelve Worlds would keep all the pervs away from me in the V-Club . Fact is , it actually made more of them come towards me . But then I tried having different avatars , and , well , honestly , I was just a little cash poor , but ... No , that 's cool . It 's cool . You know , despite what people say about Zoe Graystone , girl had principles . Frak . ( SIGHS ) NESTOR : Clarice , can you hear me ? Can I get you anything ? OLAF : She 's drinking again , and God knows what else . And she 's convinced herself she can talk her way into military labs . She did it . It 's activated . ( LAUGHS ) Faith , Olaf . Come on . MAN 1 : No , no ! ( SCREAMING ) MAN 2 : Just take it ! Gods , please stop ! No ! Please , no ! ( KNIFE STABBING ) TOMAS : Still , you wonder what they would think if they knew you 'd stolen my chip and killed two of my men . Killed two of my men . ( GRUNTS ) You okay ? Yeah , just a nightmare . About Zoe ? No . Let 's go to sleep . Okay . Hello ? Joseph ? Evelyn ? Sorry , I overslept . Grab yourself some coffee . I found the guy . I hope that 's who you were looking for . Great . And I hope it 's worth it . It is . It 's ... Yeah . Oh ! You okay ? What ? Oh , Gods . I got some Tauron on me . Oh ! A tattoo . Can I ... I mean , is it okay if I ... Sure . That 's good work . Um ... Yeah , listen ... I got to go . I got to go . If I 'm even a minute late , I have this assistant who yells at me . She 's a horrible woman . Terrible . Let me ... Let me get my coat and stuff . I 'll be right back down . I take it this means that you have considered my offer . I have indeed , and I consider it unacceptable . I 'm keeping the Bucs . I 'm sure , given what 's happened between us , you 're willing to discuss it . We just did . I 'm not selling . Veiled threat duly noted , though . You know , if you keep going around making empty threats , you 're going to seem rather toothless . " Toothless " ? That 's not to say that I haven 't been enjoying the little show you 've been putting on . Painting yourself Caprican to try to take the military contract away from me . Ah , I 'm after the military contract . Very clever , saluting a new flag , cheering our home team . I think your best bet , though , might be to simply marry a Caprican woman , if you dare . It 's a really good theory , and you 're in the ballpark . I would . I would love to take that contract from you , 'cause after all , you would deserve that , but you seem to think that the C-Bucs are a means to an end for me . They 're not . They 're crucial . Crucial in what way ? You love Pyramid . As a boy , you played Pyramid . It was everything to be a C-Buc . I wasn 't very good , I 'm afraid . Well , geeks never are . But you did the next best thing . You bought the whole franchise , and now you get to be the puppet master with a professional ball club and your inner ten-year-old runs around in the joy of it , the joy of it . That 's true . I do love it . It 's your dream . My dream is to tear up your dream . You stole from me . I forgive that . That 's good business . But the two deaths that you are responsible for , those men were like brothers to me . I am no-noss to their children . See these ? These represent the children in my life . My children . My children , my sister 's , my Gods ' children . These two are orphans . I am Tauron . Blood for blood . I did not kill those men . I had nothing to do with it . You need time and money to try and get my chip to work , so ... Frak the 300 mil . I 'll give you 500 . I 'll take the team . I don 't know if I 'll ruin them or win a championship , but whatever cuts you deeper . Then ... I will find the next thing you love . Eventually , I will destroy your company , but before that , you have so many precious things . Until the debt is paid . Thank you for the drink . ( SETS DOWN GLASS ) ( SIGHS )
