 DANIEL : Previously on Caprica ... Come on , Lacy ! ( CRYING ) I 'm sorry . I can 't ! Look , it 's okay . I promise , okay ? They 're gonna welcome us on Gemenon ... I 'm sorry . ZOE : I thought I knew my friends , but I guess I was wrong . It 's God 's will . What ? No ! Lacy ... Lacy , it 's me . It 's okay . You can take a good look . Zoe 's original program was destroyed when he put me in here . So at least he won 't be putting any more of me in more robots . I mean , I 'm Zoe , and the avatar , and the robot . Like some kind of ... What you call it ? Three-parter . Trinity . That 's what you are . I lost my daughter . Me , too . JOSEPH : Daniel Graystone says he can bring my daughter back , but can I trust him ? Our daughters , they 're gone . Yes . But what if they could come back ? SERGE : Mr. Joseph Adama is at the main gate . Requesting entry . Denied . DANIEL : My daughter died in the MagLev bombing , but she continues to exist in the virtual world . You 're an avatar , a virtual representation of Zoe . I went back in to iron out some of the kinks , and Zoe 's avatar was gone . You know Tamara 's gone ? It makes sense that they would disappear at the same time . SAM : Family is more important than the law . It 's all about control and power . WILLIE : Whoa , hey , come on . SAM : Let him cuff you , Willie . It 's okay . So what are you doing , Sam , running a criminal school ? AMANDA : How could my daughter have set off a bomb ? ( DOOR BELL DINGS ) You know you can 't search here . My husband does defense work on the premises . Just here to ask you a question . It 's about Ben Stark . He was your daughter 's boyfriend . A group known as Soldiers of the One is responsible for the bombing . My daughter died in the bombing of train number 23 . My daughter was part of the Soldiers of the One . My daughter was a terrorist ! REPORTER : Amanda Graystone 's shocking revelation that her own daughter may have been a ... There are apparently hackers out there who are working on a virtual game version of the bombing . STUDENT : I didn 't have any classes with her but it 's scary to think she could be a terrorist . Into holobanding , but I don 't want to support Graystone ... ( ALL CHANTING ) WOMAN : Your daughter killed my husband ! Is it true that the hospital has asked you to leave ? REPORTER : Do you have a minute ? Doctor , do you think that you 'll be fired ? I wasn 't fired . I resigned my position . So you quit . Do you think the publicity has hurt the hospital 's image ? Dr. Graystone , this is your chance to tell your side of the story , let people hear the truth . You 're not interested in the truth . You just want to destroy me and the memory of my ... ( ALL EXCLAIM ) MAN : You okay ? Get out of my way . Someone in the crowd has just thrown a bottle or a glass or something at Amanda Graystone . We 're not hurt . I 'm okay . I 'm okay . ( VOICES WHISPERING ) ( BELL RINGING ) What ? Oh , did I get you with that ? So sorry . Be careful , Lacy . You might get hurt . Uh , yeah . Like all the people on that train . BAXTER : Big news in the publishing world today . Daniel Graystone is revising his autobiography . A lot of you know it as The Man Who Could See The Future . It is now going to be titled , Wow , I Didn 't See That Coming . ( PEOPLE LAUGHING ) ( CHATTERING ) MAN : Get back . Let 's do it . You dropped way down . Did you catch any TV last night ? I hate TV . CYRUS : Sarno 's having a field day . It 's not just him . Other pundits are weighing in ... Scandals are sunburn , Cyrus . They fade . Or they give you cancer . ( CHUCKLES ) Point is , Sarno 's making public opinion , and everyone in the Twelve Worlds is watching . I know a woman . That 's nice . Priyah Magnus . Best PR person on Sagittaron , looking to make a move to Caprica . We never replaced Karkov in that job ... I hate TV , and I hate PR ! ( GRUNTING ) Well , you think you do , but you don 't . You already play the game . All right , thank you , Brad . I 'm done . ( EXHALES ) What ? Why else would you come to this rat hole ? Instead of the big , beautiful , and expensive gym down at the lab ? Why ? You want to look like a man of the people . I come to this rat hole because I like it here . Besides , I know what your woman 's gonna say . She 's gonna want me to go on the Sarno Show and debase myself trying to win public sympathy by telling charmingly self-deprecating anecdotes , turn my family pain into a plus , forget it . CYRUS : We 're a long way from turning this into a plus , Danny . We 're trying to keep this from blowing up in our faces . Sorry . Poor choice of words . I meant we 're taking a real beating out there . Have you seen our stock prices ? I 'm not doing PR . Kalil . Kalil . Taurons are terrible drivers . Did you know that ? Take the car . Come on . All right , all right , easy . Take it easy . ( GRUNTS ) ( PANTING ) Look , if it 's money ... I don 't want your frakking ... ( BOTH GRUNTING ) You got balls , I 'll give you that . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) DANIEL : Adams . It 's Adama now . I see you 've met my brother . Pleased to meet you . Now ... Hang on . Let 's ... ( GROANS ) ( STAMMERING ) Can we talk ? Yeah , sure . I like to talk . Yeah . Hey ! Like about my niece , Tamara . But she 's dead . See , she 's dead ' cause you raised a terrorist , and I frakkin ' hate terrorists . ( GRUNTING ) I want to see Tamara again . Take me to that room and let me see my daughter . I told you , she 's gone . Well , you said you think she 's gone . She 's not . I 'd feel it . I 'd feel it ! Okay , okay . Get up . Come here . After I see Tamara , I want to see my wife . What ? That 's right . Make an avatar . We talked about this before , remember ? I cannot make another avatar . No matter how many bones you break , the program is gone . It was my daughter 's , and it died with her . Okay . Okay , let 's say I believe you . But Tamara ... She exists . I know she exists . I 'm gonna call on you again . And next time , pick up the phone , big shot . SAM : You may want to learn to drive yourself . Can 't trust anyone these days . ( PIANO MUSIC PLAYING ) ( RAP MUSIC PLAYING ) MAN : Hey , Willie . What 's that ? Burritos . What does that say ? The time . Says I was hungry 20 minutes ago . Know what else it says ? Go away . ( MEN LAUGHING ) You lost , kid ? You look lost . You look like you 're a funny guy . ( ALL EXCLAIM ) Grabbed Plex right off the street . ( WHISTLES ) Frakking badges . Virgons could frak their wives right in front of the cops , and they 'd throw us in jail for it . Probably . I 've been in jail . What 's he talking about ? He 's talking about that pinch for the window . You 're so cute ! Hey , hey , Sam ! Your nephew says he 's done time . Kid goes through a revolving door at the station , now he 's a hardback . Watch out . Get your hair cut . Later , tough guy . What are you doing here ? I was helping . No , you always go to school first thing , all right ? You wait for them to take attendance , then you skip . So what , you want me to go back now ? No , once you start in a direction , it 's best to just keep going . All right , this is what we 're gonna do . I 'm gonna call in . Gonna tell them that it 's a Tauron day of devotion to Mars . Your school 's got too few Taurons to figure out that it 's skor , right ? Then you stick around here till 3 : 00 , and then I take you home . SERGE : Welcome back , Daniel . There are 53 stored broadcast mentions of your name today . Play in order . ABASI : ... following the revelation that the owner 's daughter was involved in the MagLev bombing , but that several players have asked to be traded . It 's a shame to see something like this affect the game , Abasi . You know , I think it might be time for Graystone to step away from playing an active role in ... Stop . Cancel automatic recording . Erase stored material . SERGE : You 're injured . Do you need assistance ? No . There 's a first-aid kit in the lab , right ? Yes . So he 's in courtroom B-7 , but it 's a confidential hearing . You 'll have to wait outside . And did he say what it was about ? No . All he said was , " If Adams isn 't waiting outside my courtroom " when I open that door , I 'm issuing a bench warrant , " and I guarantee he won 't make bail before the weekend . " And you have no idea . No . You 're caught up on everything . Motions are filed . Declarations in order . And the special delivery ? First priority and on time , as always . Then what the frak ? I don 't know . But he was pissed . Good luck . Oh , um , Evelyn , do you think maybe this one last time you could ... I 'll get you coffee , like you promised I 'd never have to do again . After the first year , the second year , and the third . I know . I 'll get it . Thanks . I love those shoes . Thanks . Zoe used to sit here with me in the afternoon sometimes . Thank you . She called it her sanctuary . Can I have some sugar ? Yeah . We need to be very careful now . The bombing , Amanda Graystone 's confession , Zoe 's name ... I mean , we could all start to look very guilty . But we 're not guilty . I mean , we weren 't involved in any of that stuff . Do you have any lemon ? Yeah . People will be trying to link us to what 's happened . I mean , you were Zoe 's friend , and I was her confessor . She told me everything that was in her heart . Her most intimate desires , her deepest fears , right here in this room . Sorry , but do you have a spoon ? I can be your confessor as well , Lacy . Hear your worries , your concerns . Share your burdens . I should go . I have astronomy tutoring now . Got a problem with my stars . AMANDA : Babe , are you here ? Yeah . Oh , Gods , what happened ? Someone hit you ? Oh , Gods ! Someone threw a bottle at me . It hit a frakking reporter , though . But this looks bad . What happened ? I ran into someone else who lost a child on that train . We didn 't exactly bond . What are you doing ? No stitches . It 's just glue . Just to hold that together . No , thank you , sweetheart . There won 't be a scar . But you 're gonna have some very cool bruises . ( GASPS ) Ow . Okay ? It hurts . I know . Ow , ow ! Stop squirming . You 're worse than Zoe . ( SIGHS ) I know what you 're thinking . I didn 't say anything . You don 't have to . I know . I just wish you 'd thought about the consequences of saying something like that in public . I was in shock ! Can you imagine what it 's like to stand in front of that woman and find out that Zoe had been sleeping with her son for almost a year ? They were not sleeping together ... Oh , Daniel , please ! Look , my point is , you make this claim about her being a terrorist to the Twelve Worlds ... It 's not a claim . It 's the truth ! She joined a terrorist group . She held a bomb in her hands . She stepped onto a crowded train . She triggered the bomb and ended her life . And the life of all those other people . We have no idea what actually happened on that train . We have no idea who did what or who didn 't do what . ( CRYING ) Daniel , it 's the truth . It 's the truth . You know it . I know . I know . But not everything true needs to be announced to the Worlds on television ! I know ! I just did it ! I didn 't know what I was saying ! It just happened . ( SOBBING ) I 'm sorry ! ( SNIFFLING ) You 'd do it again ? Yes , I would ! I 'm sorry . You drive me crazy . Let me bind that wound for you . Come here . No . Not a chance . You don 't trust me . No . I 'll end up with my nose glued to my ear . Are you kidding me ? Could be interesting . How about a good frak ? I need to be close to you right now . This might not be my best morning for it . Oh ! Ah ! I 'll be gentle . I promise . " Terror confession " ? I like the sound of that . DURAM : Yeah , well , don 't get too excited . She probably just scared off everyone else in her daughter 's cell . Good day , sir . Good day , sir . MAN 1 : Heads up . MAN 2 : Sir . What do you think got her to go public ? I don 't know . I saw her talking to Mrs. Stark . Trouble . ( CLEARS THROAT ) Director . I found this labeled " Starke " with an " E. " Instead of " Stark " with no " E. " You want to explain to me what you were doing riding your bike at 10 : 00 at night ? Oh , frak . I stayed late after school . I just totally forgot about the curfew . What about the wires and the detonators that we found in your bag ? Look , look , these are for model rockets . That 's why I was staying late after school , model-rocket club . Look , can I leave , please ? Just wait here . So , were you incompetent when you misspelled his name , when you let him walk out of here , or when you failed to destroy this tape ? Sir , I don 't even remember that interview . DIRECTOR : You don 't remember . Even better . We pulled in lots of kids for curfew violations . If you remember , that 's the kind of crap that this department was saddled with before the bombing . She let him walk out of here with a pat on the bottom , an apology , and a book bag full of wires . Sir , the time stamp on the tape says it was a year ago , most likely before there was any kind of plan , any kind of intent ... Yeah , and I 'm sure that 's how they 're gonna spin it in the press . Guys ... Just be better . ( GROANS ) Frak me ! I can 't believe I had him . I don 't even remember anything about him . Time to be better . Starting with ? ( SIGHS ) How do you think people would react if they knew that terror mom 's house hadn 't been searched because of bureaucratic red tape ? I don 't think they 'd be very happy . I don 't either . Helen . Caprica Tribune , please . You 're here . Good . We 're walking . Your honor . ( SIGHS ) Plexico Amarcord . Yes . He 's my client . You 're willing to let him stand trial ? Let him take his chances in front of a jury ? I think there seems to be a mistake . Um , my office assured me that a delivery was made to you ... A mistake . ... at the usual place . You mean like not talking to me face-to-face ? Like leaving money in some frakking drop , like I was one of your frakking low-life clients picking up a skim ? It 's not like that . I ... We talked about Amarcord . We never talked about Amarcord . Never . The deal is you talk to me face-to-face every time . You have to ask for these favors . You don 't just assume they 'll be granted and then drop your money like you take me for granted ! I 'm sorry . I thought we talked about him at the last conference ... You thought . You 're getting sloppy . Your head 's not in the game anymore , Adams . It 's Adama now , sir . I don 't give a frak what it is ! This 'll cost you double the usual . Double ? Yes . And I know the Guatrau won 't like that , so it 'll be coming out of your pocket . See you in court , Adams . ( BUZZING ) ( LACY BREATHING HEAVILY ) Ta-frakking-da ! Oh , my God , you have a body ! I figured out how to hook the holoband to me . Well , to the robot . Oh . I never thought I would be so happy to just be back here . Back in my own virtual skin . I know it 's not real , but I guess it never really was . Can you come here anytime you like ? I 'm gonna rig it , so , yeah . When the robot isn 't doing something , I should be able to use a wireless connection to virtual space . But can you stay ? Can you just live here like this as an avatar again ? God , I wish I could . The things that I have to see in that robot body . Where are we ? This is where I hacked in . Some little virtual room Daddy created for some reason . He probably wouldn 't bother with a whole new grid , so it 's gonna be shared code with the rest of V-World . It 's gonna show up as a door . Where are you ? Are you in a safe place ? Outside my house . Listen , school 's getting hard . Sister Clarice is fishing , acting weird . I think she wants to know if you exist . ZOE : She doesn 't even care that Zoe died . All she wants to do is find me and use me for whatever her plan is . But wasn 't that Zoe 's plan , too ? I mean , if Zoe and Clarice were working together , maybe we should let her know about you . No . Zoe didn 't trust Clarice , for some reason , and I think we have to go with that . I keep thinking how Zoe never showed me to her , how Zoe didn 't give her access to the computer account , to the program . I found it . I think . Can you help me ? Who are you ? My name 's Tamara Adams . I 'm Zoe . This is Lacy . Are you all right ? If this is a dream , I think it 's too long . I can 't feel my heart beating and that 's freaking me out right now . But there 's nothing I can do about it . I don 't think this is a dream . How did you get here ? I don 't know . I don 't remember where I was before this . Hold on . Your dad , Zoe 's dad , has this girl in his private virtual space ? I guess . She 's pure avatar , right ? Something he invented ? Must be . If she was an avatar of an actual someone , they 'd just take off their band . Look . This is a door , all right ? We 'll all go through here and escape , okay ? Come on . You 'll be free . Can you be free if you 're not real ? I hope so . REPORTER 1 : ... Graystone , seen here in a school photo . The GDD has released MagLev security-camera footage that places her with suspected terrorist Ben ... REPORTER 2 : Graystone stock has been in a freefall since Amanda Graystone 's confession of her daughter 's involvement . REPORTER 3 : Protests continue to grow , as we see here from our ... REPORTER 4 : ... the controversy surrounding the team . Tonight 's game is gonna be a real test for the Bucs . The God of the underworld very quickly issued a statement , saying he 's still ahead of the Graystones . So ... PRIYAH : It 's spiking his ratings , and it 's putting him on the home page of every site in the Twelve Worlds . But he 's running a big risk , too . He 's making jokes about a terrorist attack , for the Gods ' sake . We might be able to generate some outrage at that . I 'm glad we 're not talking about Baxter Sarno . More than half of college-aged viewers say they get their news from Sarno . That 's so sad . PRIYAH : The good news is that it 's a two-way street , and we can use him to reach those same people . Not interested . Plums , anyone ? They 're fresh . Dr. Graystone , I understand your reluctance , but as a PR tactic , going on Sarno works . Remember that actor that got busted for drugs ? Which one ? They all go on there , charm the Colonies , and everything 's swell . But I also remember when the commerce minister went on , and Sarno ripped him a new one . The man is anti-corporation . He 'd love nothing more than to get me in his chair . You asked for my advice . No , actually , he did . It 's the brand , Daniel . It 's becoming associated with terrorism , and that 's not something we can let sink in . Sarno is all but saying it was the holoband that made her do it . Oh , please . Other people are picking up on that idea . That 's ridiculous . The band is benign . Well , there 's the press release . " The band is benign . " Problem solved . You don 't want a logical appeal . It has to be emotional . You have to make people care . You 'll say , " Yes , Zoe was involved in some way in the tragedy . " She was a troubled girl . She got mixed up with the wrong people . " And the thing we want to nail down is , no one has to worry about their kids doing what Zoe did . Say that a million times , she wasn 't a normal kid . She was a normal kid . CYRUS : You know what I mean . She was in the STO . PRIYAH : They want you on tomorrow night . I will not go and drag my daughter 's memory into the publicity machine . No matter what my wife said , no matter what 's true , I 'm not going on television to say that my daughter was a terrorist . Or troubled . ( DANIEL SIGHS ) She was my girl . No . Serge , show these lovely people the way out . SERGE : Yes , Daniel . ( LOUD HOUSE MUSIC PLAYING ) Are you okay ? Where are we ? It 's called the V-Club . Are there doors to the outside ? ZOE : There are doors to everything . All shared code shows up as a doorway . Some rooms have a million doors . It doesn 't have to make physical sense . I need to get outside . The air will wake me up . You want me to come with you ? I mean , until you feel comfortable . Zoe , we don 't know how much time you have . Okay , I 'm just not gonna abandon her . This is crazy ! I don 't need your help ! It 's okay . I can find my own way home . Are you sure ? Yeah . I 'm okay . Thank you . You 're welcome . ZOE : Mmm . I have someone for you to find . Keon Gatwick . Who 's that ? Ben 's best friend . They were close . Ben knew everything about the plan to get to Gemenon , so Keon knows everything , too . You need to find out how they were gonna get from Caprica into the safe house on Gemenon . So we can follow their plan . You 're going to Gemenon . Well , Zoe said I had a purpose on Gemenon . God wants me there . She was gonna bring me there and I was gonna be something special . What if the purpose is bad ? Zoe said my purpose was wonderful , so it is . You have to take me there in the robot body . Somehow the chip and the body are working together to make me . Do you realize you are six feet tall and you weigh a ton ? Lacy , please . I need to know I can count on you to do this . I need to know that you 're gonna get me to Gemenon . You chickened out once , Lacy . I was scared . You can 't be scared now . God , if I had gotten on that train , I would be dead . She is dead . And I am all that is left of her . If you 're my friend , you 'd do this . ALVO : Clarice . Alvo . You were told not to contact us . I 've made progress . I thought you should know . Progress ? Yes . I 'm getting closer to finding the Zoe Graystone avatar . And lost control in the process , causing us a premature explosion that 's brought retribution on our heads . My life is dedicated to serving Soldiers of the One . And the Zoe Graystone avatar is gonna help the soldiers to serve the Lord through apotheosis . Or do you deny that prophecy ? Not everyone shares your view of apotheosis . Your search for this avatar is putting us at risk . I 'll not abandon God 's plan . I know that Zoe Graystone was beloved of God . And that she was given the spark of life itself , and that was her gift to all of us , and it will save all of us . For your sake , I hope you 're right , Clarice . Work quickly . ( BOTH GRUNTING ) I can throw you off . My knees are pointy and fast and hard . You 're STO , so why are you giving me such a hard time ? I 'm not STO . Try again . You 're too stupid to think of a good reason that 's not a real reason , so let 's hear it . Oh . Okay . I 'm STO . If anyone finds out I 'm going to the meetings , I 'm in big trouble . And it was just meetings . It was just me and Ben and Pann and Hypolita and ... I mean , without Ben , it 's not anything anymore , so ... Clarice isn 't running it ? Sister Clarice ? What are you talking ... Forget it . Forget it . Look . I made a promise to Zoe before she died . I need to get something to Gemenon , something secret . It 's for Zoe . I 'm really sorry about your friend . And everything . So maybe you could get off me now . ( GROANS ) Zoe was my best friend , Keon . I made a promise . I 'll see what I can do . So have you seen Tamara ? Did you talk to her ? I haven 't . I just checked the computer to be sure the avatar was still there . And she 's there , right ? As of three hours ago , she was , yes . Shall we ? Tamara ? Tamara ! Tamara ! She should be here . How big is this room ? Well , that question doesn 't really have any meaning ... Don 't give me techno talk ! Just help me find my daughter . Okay . I 'll be back in a minute . Baby ! Tammy ! I don 't know what happened . I just checked the computer back in the real world , and now it 's only detecting two avatars , yours and mine . She 's gone . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . ( SIGHS ) You said she was there . I thought she was . I was wrong . The computer must have been registering an underwritten backup file from her avatar , like a ghost image . It happens . ( SIGHS ) Tamara 's really gone ? I 'm afraid so . If only I hadn 't seen her . I know . If you didn 't bring her back ... I know . I know , I 'm sorry . But we can 't save them . I 'm sorry . First reported on the Caprica Tribune website , news that bureaucratic red tape is holding up investigators from executing a search warrant on the Graystone residence is causing yet another round of unwanted publicity for Graystone Industries . Stocks took yet another dive in after-hours trading on Scorpia , bringing Graystone to a new year low ... Now , that is good police work . Her idea . Really ? Yep . Well , it brings you halfway back . So we get the warrants ? I have three messages from the justice minister already . She 's out judge-shopping . I predict you 'll have it first thing tomorrow . Yes ! Make it count . Find something at Graystone 's house , hmm ? REPORTER 1 : What could have possibly led this affluent teenager into becoming a terrorist ? REPORTER 2 : Dismissal from Caprica General Hospital . Amanda Graystone was attacked by protestors ... Now , the hospital is refusing to confirm the resignation , leaving some to speculate that Dr. Graystone ... Graystone Industries stock continues to slip . Analysts are starting to be concerned about Graystone Industries scheduled loan payments . Almost two billion cubits it owes to the Twelve Colony banking consortium . FEMALE NEWSREADER : That 's right , Erin . Industry analysts say that the drop in value of Graystone stock of nearly 25 % is due to fearism and outright default on these loans . The stock fell 18 points to an all-time low ... CYRUS : Hello ? Have Priyah book me on Sarno tomorrow . Yeah ? What happened ? I ... Just get it done . NEWSREADER : Looks like this company is going to be a sell for the foreseeable future , unless something drastic happens to change the situation . Order , nature , strength , love . Why 's Jupiter bigger ? Because your dad 's a lawyer . So order is the most important thing in his home . At our place , Mars is like three times the size of the others . It 's ' cause , lucky me , I married a tough guy . Why didn 't you guys ever have kids ? Like pick out an orphan , like you and Dad were . Maybe if I change jobs . Life I have now is not so good for kids . It 's not so good for grown-ups . You know all you do is skhet-lee-ah-dzane . Then why do you love me so desperately ? 'Cause I got issues . ( LARRY LAUGHS ) Hey . A - del-feh-mo . Hey . SAM : I was expecting you hours ago . Can I talk to you , Sam ? What 's up ? Daniel Graystone lost his daughter , right ? Uh-huh . I lost my daughter and my wife . Balance it out .
