 ( Male announcer ) Previously on Fringe ... I think the machine is my best chance of getting home , and Walter is not gonna help me recalibrate it , so I 'm hoping that Walternate will . I need to cross over into the alternate universe . Put your hands behind your head . Don 't move ! Our universe has been infiltrated by shape-shifters from your side , and your Defense Secretary is behind them . We 'll sort it out at headquarters . Nobody knows you 're here but us . Secretary Bishop , I came here because I needed your help to get home . And I will do everything in my power , but you must go back to the other side and tell them whoever 's behind this is a threat to us all . We 're chasing the story of a suspect locked in a broom closet . What if he 's right ? What if he 's not ? We have to tell Broyles something . They 're on their way to you now . We 'll be waiting for them . ( Man ) I 'm telling you , you 're making a mistake . Your Defense Secretary is covering his tracks . He has been inside your divi- - [ beeping ] [ Beeping ] [ Beep ] [ Elevator bell dings ] Colonel Broyles . Mr. Secretary . What are you doing here , sir ? I understand you have a detainee- - Agent Lincoln Lee from the other side . That 's right . Who 's this ? Please see that Agent Lee is released immediately . As far as the rest ... Well , perhaps best I explain in private . [ Phone ringing ] Shape-shifters ? You 're certain about this ? I wouldn 't be here if I weren 't . And if the Department of Defense can be infiltrated , then clearly every branch of our government is vulnerable . You 're suggesting that Fringe- - We have reason to believe that your Agent Murphy may have been one of them . We 'll know for sure as soon as he 's autopsied . Do we have any idea who they 're answering to ? No . Nor do we understand their end ... What their agenda is . We might know more soon . Agents Lee and Dunham ran a trace on Murphy 's last phone call . They 're following up as we speak . [ Distant siren wails ] I don 't know . I 've known Murphy since the Academy . He 's always been a straight arrow . Oh , I just got kind of a hunch that this other Lincoln 's telling us the truth . Must be because he has such a trustworthy face . [ Laughs ] See , I think he 's kind of funny-looking . You 're funny-looking . [ Chuckles ] [ Door slams ] ( Bolivia ) Don 't move . Put your hands up . Do you know what she is ? A shape-shifter . She was once just a human being like any other . Until you killed her . Oh , she 's not dead . Though in a manner of speaking , she was . A bookkeeper for an accounting firm- - can you imagine anything more lifeless ? I suppose this is what is feels like to have a child ... To love as a parent does . You must be very proud . Oh , I am ... Of all of them . 47 so far . And each one ... Perfect . [ Gurgling ] I 'm so sorry . [ Shape-shifter gasping ] What are you doing to it ? To her ! Isn 't it obvious . [ Grunting ] Now I 'm killing her . [ Shape-shifter grunting ] Why 'd you do that ? Because you don 't know me or what I 'm capable of . But if I 'm willing to do that to someone I love dearly , imagine what I 'll do to people I don 't care about . And what is it you need ? From you ? Nothing . You don 't have the authority . Take me to your leader . [ Mysterious music ] ♪ Fringe 4x09 ♪ Enemy of My Enemy Original Air Date on January 20 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ [ Old RB music ] ♪ How 's the cheese coming ? Is it done soaking yet ? Ah ! Agent ... Dunham . Hey . [ Electricity buzzing ] Look ... Spherical pastrami . You hungry ? Uh ... No . [ Chuckles ] Thank you . Um , I was looking for Astrid . Hey . Walter 's just discovered molecular gastronomy . I liquefied the meat , then placed it in an alginate bath . It 's--it 's really quite ... Disgusting . That 's the thing about scientific inquiry- - not every experiment is a success . [ Smacks bag ] But I hold high hopes for the parmesan ice cream . You 've had a fun day ? The best . [ Chuckles ] What 's up ? I was hoping you could do something for me . Uh , could you check this blood sample against the national and international databases ? Am I looking for anything in particular ? I don 't know- - a name , a genetic marker , anything out of the ordinary . What 's going on ? You seem troubled . I helped Peter and Lincoln cross over to the other universe . Since Walter 's refusing to help Peter get back to where he 's from , he thinks that Walternate may help him . And Lincoln 's doing recon on the shape-shifters . Whoa . And what does that have to do with the blood sample ? Probably nothing , but can you call me if you find anything ? - Mm . - And wish me luck . Where are you going ? Why do you need luck ? Because Broyles doesn 't know anything about this , does he ? And Peter and Lincoln should have been back by now , so I 'm gonna have to go and tell him what 's been going on . [ Chuckles ] Good luck . [ Siren walls ] What do we know ? That he is certifiable . Apart from that , nothing else . I.D. ? ( Alt . Lincoln ) We didn 't find a show-me- - no surprise there . We ran his biometrics through all the databases- - criminal , medical , insurance . Based on his accent , we even reached out to Scotland Yard . So far , nothing . - Anything at the location ? Cleared it out before we got there . Science Division 's doing a sweep . He knew we were coming . I mean , he was waiting for us to show up . Take him to interrogation . I 'll meet you there . And this time use an actual room , not the maintenance closet . Yes , sir . Yes , sir . [ Indistinct chatter ] Thanks . [ Phone ringing ] You hear they 're bringing up the suspect ? What suspect ? The guy who 's behind trying to have us killed , the guy behind the shape-shifters . Sir , your escort should be here shortly . Thank you . What escort ? We 're leaving . [ Scoffs ] Wait a minute--we might finally get some answers . We should stay here , and we should assist with the interrogation . - [ Chuckles ] No . I finally got Walternate to agree to help me . I don 't think the way to say thank you is to tell him how to do his job . So that 's it . Yeah , you ... - You got what you wanted . - Yes , I got what I wanted . And whatever he finds out in that interrogation he 's gonna share with you . So you got what you came for . And now all I want to do is get back to the other side , study the blueprints- - I need to be a part of this investigation . I lost partner . I lost a universe ! You 're scared . Yes , I am scared . I 'm scared that every day that I stay here the people that I love get farther and farther away from me . So let them do their jobs . There 's nothing that you can do here that they can 't do for themselves . Is the interrogation room ready ? What is it ? You know that guy ? I 'm Colonel Broyles . I 'd like to ask you some questions . I 'm sure you have an abundance of questions . But I doubt I 'd answer any of them . Besides which , we don 't have much time . I imagine you 'd like to avoid unnecessary deaths . We 're not in the business of responding to threats . Oh , I wouldn 't call it that . Consider it an ... Insurance policy . [ Breathing heavily ] An Agent of mine- - a shape-shifter posing as Dr. Brandon Fayette- - was taken off-line earlier today . In his office , above his desk , there is a light fixture . Remove the outer frame . Tucked inside , there is a hard drive you have 12 minutes to bring it to me . - 12 ? - Not to worry . I 've been assured that by helicopter , you can make it to the D.O.D. and back with two minutes to spare . ( Alt . Broyles ) And what 's on the hard drive ? Go . We 'll call on our way back . ( Jones ) Nothing of interest to you , though I 'm sure you 'll copy the contents before you let me go . Before we let you go ? Of course . Anything else you want while we 're at it ? Um ... I wouldn 't mind a cup of tea . [ Door opens ] I imagined you 'd be on your way back home . I know who that man is . His name is David Robert Jones . Go on . He 's a scientist . He has a background in biotechnology and genetic weaponry . If you 're right , we 'll have a record of him--we don 't . He 's not in any database . Because he 's not from your universe . He crossed over from the other side . How can you be so certain ? You 've already that things are different from your timeline . Let me talk to him . Sir , I hardly think that 's wise . [ Buzzer sounds ] Do you have my tea ? Hardly . I do have some questions I 'd like to ask you , though . Funny ... The last man in here said the same thing . You 're not from here , are you ? Did the accent give it away ? [ Chuckles ] No . Actually , it was the scars . [ Device beeps ] Did you see that ? His pulse just went up . ( Peter ) The last time I saw you , you were completely falling apart- - molecular disintegration due to transporting out of a German prison . They had to wrap you in bandages just keep you from turning into a puddle on the floor . It seems like you figured out a way to heal yourself . Do you mind if I ask ? What was it- - some sort of ... DNA graft ? I 've never met you in my life . No . But I 've met you . Where ? When you were crossing out of your universe into this one . You created a-a doorway , a portal . I 'm the man who closed it on you . It cut you right in half . [ Scoffs ] Interesting story . Yet I 'm still in one piece . I believe you 've run out of time . [ Phone ringing ] This is Broyles . ( Man ) Sir , I have a woman on the line who says you 're expecting her call . She says she 's a friend of Mr. Jones . Go ahead . ( Woman ) Is Secretary Bishop on the line too ? Who is this ? Can Mr. Jones hear me as well ? [ Phone beeps ] ( Alt . Broyles ) He can . ( Walternate ) What do you want ? Just for you to listen . [ Indistinct chatter ] Dr. Samuels , do you want me to give that little girl with the bike injury a tetanus ? Not necessary . I don 't think she 's gonna make it . [ Gas hissing ] [ People coughing ] ( Man ) Oh , my God . [ Panicked chatter ] [ Girls screams ] Help ! Help ! ( Woman ) Help ! Let me out of here ! [ People screaming over intercom ] [ Knock on glass ] Yes ? Uh , sir , can I speak to you ? Is this about Peter and Agent Lee ? You know ? That you helped them cross over to the other side without my authorization ? Yes , I know . I 've just received word from my alter ego . Needless to say , he was about as amused as I am . - Are they okay ? - They 're fine . And we 'll deal with the issue of your insubordination once we 've resolved the situation . What situation ? Take a seat . Have you ever heard of a man named David Robert Jones ? - No . - Neither had I. He 's been in Frankfurt prison for possession of state secrets . Three years ago , he broke out . Apparently , since then , he 's made his way to the other side . ( Bolivia ) There were 16 people in the E.R.- - all of them dead . And he says , if he 's not released within 14 minutes , then next attack will be worse . What do you want to do , sir ? - Prepare him for release . - ( Lincoln ) What ? You can 't be serious . I understand your concerns , Agent . I can 't in good conscience allow him to continue to attack civilian targets . And you think capitulating is going to make him any less dangerous ? Tell them . Tell them this is a terrible idea . What idea ? They 're gonna let Jones just walk right out of here . Do we even know what 's on the hard disk ? Apparently , he was accessing government satellites . Astrid 's reviewing the data now . Obviously , we 'll be keeping him under constant surveillance . This situation may even play out to our advantage . We may learn who he 's working with , where the other shape-shifters are . We can monitor him with an internal tracker . - That 's a good idea . - I 'm glad you like it . I put one in his tea . ( Alt . Broyles ) Agent Lee , Dunham ... Start organizing the surveillance detail . I 'd like to help ... If that 's okay with you . Any objections ? None . [ Phone ringing ] [ Indistinct chatter ] [ Handcuffs clicking ] Much better , thank you . The hard drive , please . It 's been a pleasure . [ People speaking indistinct ] ( Alt . Lincoln over comm ) Hey , Red , you got anything ? Uh , yeah . I mean , same as you . I 'm looking at a guy who knows he 's being watched . He 's gonna make a move soon , though . Check your watch . He 's waiting for the lunch crowd . He 's gonna try and get lost . I 'll be waiting . So you two seem close . Yeah , we are . Oh , no , no . [ Laughing ] No , I mean , not- - just as partners . You don 't have to say it like that , like you pity us . No , I just broke up with someone , and Lincoln 's been my shoulder to cry on . [ Phone ringing ] ( Bolivia ) He just got up . What 's he doing ? I 'm guessing that 's not lunch . ( Alt . Broyles ) All units be advised- - suspect removed some kind of thermos from the trash . Place Hazmat and E.O.D. personnel on standby . Hello . Would you like some money ? - For real ? - Oh , yes . But I need your help giving away all of it . You see , I 've realized that there 's no point being ... The richest man in the cemetery . Huh . All right . This guy 's giving out free money ! [ Crowd chattering excitedly ] Are you seeing this ? Yeah , I see it . What the hell 's he up to ? [ Beeping ] Oh , no . Colonel Broyles ... We have a problem . - What is it ? - The tracking software- - there 's some sort of malfunction . Jones 's tracking signal is multiplying . We 're seeing 40 or 50 dots and counting . It 's the money . He knows he 's being tracked . - He 's put trackers on the money . - What ? How the hell did he know what signal we 're using ? Damn it . All units , move into the Plaza and maintain a visual on the target . Excuse me ! Fringe Division ! ( Bolivia over comm ) Astrid , is there any way you can zero in on Jones ? I don 't know which signal is his . I don 't see him . Okay , I think I got him . There 's a new cluster of trackers forming by the fountain north of the Plaza . Damn it . It just disappeared . ( Bolivia over comm ) Colonel Broyles , we lost him . Roger that . All personnel return to Fringe Division . [ Piano playing softly ] ♪ Walter , I know whatever happened today was a setback . [ Sighs ] There 's more than that . We were severely compromised . Another , please . And more scotch is gonna change that ? It was my decision , Elizabeth . I knew the risk . I took a- - an immense gamble . And now that man Jones is gone . I don 't think that 's all you 're upset about . You 've gone over the blueprints , haven 't you ? Like Peter asked you to . Yes . I 've tried to see what he 's saying ... That the machine is ... capable of more than one function , that it can return him to his timeline . But I can 't help him . And apparently , the other Walter refuses to ... Which is ... Ironic , given the lengths that that man went to in the past . That is not your fault . It never was . Well , the outcome is still the same . I couldn 't save our son then . And I can 't help him now . Maybe I can . Maybe I can help Peter . These are all the files we got from the hard drive . It seems Mr. Jones was using D.O.D satellite and ground-penetrating radar to gather geological information . So he 's looking for something underground . What 's there- - minerals , oil deposits ? Nothing of obvious value . I 've cross-referenced the subfolders to see which locations they researched the most , but so far , I haven 't found any meaningful pattern . Let me know if you do . Yes , sir . Do you mind if I take a look at your list of locations ? I don 't mind . Are you really from another timeline ? Yeah , I think so . Cool . ( Bolivia ) Hey , Lincoln , it 's me . We 're uploading Jones' face-recognition profile to the surveillance net now . No , they 're detailed . We got some photos from the interrogation . Okay , well , call me when you do . [ Comm chirps ] Any progress ? Nothing yet , no . You got something on your mind ? Actually , yeah . That tracker we had on Jones- - how did he pinpoint the wavelength we were on that quickly ? What , you think someone from our team told him ? You have a better idea ? ( Astrid ) I 'm sorry to interrupt . That man , Peter--he says he knows where Jones is going . I think he was looking for a mineral named Amphilicite . It 's found mostly under sizeable deposits of limestone . I overlooked its significance . Because on its own , it has no significance . In its natural state , it 's inert . It 's not really reactive , like helium . But if you know how to process it properly , it can be used as a power source . - How do you know all this ? Because where I 'm from , William Bell used a tiny amount of it to create a battery . Jones stole the battery . A battery made out of rock ? Yes , trust me , with this stuff , you get a lot of bang for your buck . Well , how much bang are we talking ? Enough to blow a hole in the universe . I 'm guessing Jones must have figured out the same process that Bell did and possibly how to weaponize it . Which is why he 's looking for it . Any idea where he plans on getting it ? Of all the locations he was studying , the one with the most potential for Amphilicite is located ... [ Computer beeps ] Here . ( Lincoln ) The Hudson River Valley . Right , and this is the map file they accessed the most on Dr. Fayette 's hard drive- - the Mohonk Quarry . We contacted the quarry . They said they haven 't seen any signs of trouble . Which means we may finally be one step ahead of him . Contact Agent Lee . I want that quarry secured immediately . Yes , sir . We 're on the scene . ( Alt . Broyles ) We 've got the main entrance secured and the quarries cleared . [ Device beeps ] ( Bolivia ) Looks like we beat Jones to it . Soil is undisturbed- - no signs of excavation for the last two months , at least . Good . ( Alt . Broyles ) Let 's secure the ridge line . Take up positions on the western edge . No one gets in or out . Can you patch me through [ computer beeps ] You 're on . There 's an access road above the quarry . It 'd be easy for Jones to outflank you if you don 't guard it . What access road ? It 's just to the north of your position . There 's no road . I 'm looking right at it . Is this the map that we downloaded from Dr. Fayette 's hard drive ? It is . Why ? We 're in the wrong universe . ( Man ) Corridor tracking is complete . Do it . [ Breathing heavily ] [ Breathing deeply ] Something about the air on this side- - it tastes sweeter . Tail to the west makes weather best , and a tail to the east makes weather least . I told Astrid she wouldn 't need an umbrella . Excuse me , Dr. Bishop . You have a visitor . Not now . Can 't you see we 're working on something very important . [ Footsteps approaching ] Walter ? I 'm not her . You know that , don 't you ? Of course . You 're from the other side . I never expected to see you again . I suppose it 's appropriate that ... A version of our son should bring us together . I came here for Peter . I understand you 're refusing to help him . I 'm sorry you traveled so far . I can 't . I have made my position quite clear . The last time I saw you , you had come to save a boy 's life . Now I 've come to do the same . Welcome home . For the record , this was my idea . Later . There 's a chopper waiting . The tech team is already en route to the location . We 'll meet them there . How much trouble you in ? On a scale of one to ten ? A lot . I 'm sorry . It 'll blow over . It 's not the first time . Thank you . I-I used honey instead of sugar . I-I thought- - but if you would prefer otherwise- - Actually , I prefer honey . She did too ... my Elizabeth . My being here must remind you of so many things . I 'm reminded of something too ... Of that night 26 years ago ... When you came to me on the other side and took Peter away with you . I 'm sorry . I should never have done so . You were trying to save him . He wasn 't mine to save . I had no right . My Peter had already gone . You were still a father . I saw how much you loved him- - your strength . Not strength--hubris . And I 've been punished for it ever since . Hmm . By whom ? By God ... By a deity- - whatever you want to call it . And I understand I deserve it . No man should do what I did . You made a mistake . That 's what being a man is . It was more than a mistake . I broke universes . I asked for a sign of forgiveness . But I got nothing . There is no absolution for me . Well , I don 't believe that . I forgive you , Walter . I forgave you a long time ago . And if I can ... God can . We both lost our sons . We never watched them ... Grow up and ... Fall in love , have babies . But there 's something of them in him . This Peter . I know you feel it too . And if you could just help him ... Walter , he deserves to go back to the people he loves ... and who love him . I 'm afraid . So is he . ( Seven ) We 've got incoming . Secure the cargo . Hold them off . Let 's go . [ Gun cocks ] Hey , can I get one of those ? - Think you 'll need a gun ? - Better safe than sorry . [ Gun cocks ] Get down ! [ Machine gun fire ] We are done here . [ Machine gun fire ] ( Peter ) That 's Jones . ( Olivia ) Lincoln , I 'm going after Jones . [ Machine gun fire ] Give me your walkie . What ? Give me your walkie , now ! Notify Colonel Broyles on the other side . Have him to send a team to meet me . Olivia , stop ! Do not follow Jones ! The window will close behind him . And if it closes while you 're going through it , it will kill you ! Olivia , please , trust me . Olivia ? I 'm here . You okay ? Yeah . Yeah , I 'm okay . Seems only hours ago that I asked Peter to be my emissary . I knew that , despite the accord , that there remained a great deal of ... Distrust and trepidation between our sides- - much of it directed towards me . I also know the truth- - that a new breed of shape-shifter had infiltrated both our worlds . And the only way to defeat them meant working together , fully combining our resources and our talents . I thought that if you heard this from someone more impartial ... You 'd see the imperative . That message is no longer necessary . We know who our enemy is now . And that in itself is a distinct step forward . Now that we know that Jones can cross between sides , we can coordinate our search . You 'll have our complete support . That 's all good , but you said that only a tiny amount of this processed mineral is enough to tear a hole through a universe . So what is he planning ? As far as we can tell , he 's already recovered at least 100 pounds of it . She 's right . We 'll have to start trying to game-plan what he 's after . How ? We have no information to work from , and so far , he 's been ahead of us every step of the way . Jones figured we 'd realize he was interested in the quarry , so he crossed over to the other side . We recovered his transport device . Yes , but for all we know , he has more of them . He is holding all the cards on this . ( Peter ) Not all of them . You have me . I know him . And I saw how nervous he was when I was questioning him . If nothing else , I 'm a variable that he didn 't plan for . So , yes , we will all have to work together . But somewhere , we stopped him once before . And we can stop him again . Okay , you have to tell me everything you know about David Robert Jones- - the one that you encountered . - Of course . Okay , like , every little detail that you remember . [ Chuckles ] Sure . All right , I 'm gonna see what rooms are available . What ? Now ? We should get started right away . No , let 's do this tomorrow . I feel like I haven 't slept in three days . First thing , I promise . Fair enough . You know , Peter , uh ... Before , at the quarry , if it weren 't for you ... You 're welcome . All right , I 'll have someone pick you up in the morning . [ Knock on door ] Yeah , yeah , I hear ya . [ Knocking continues ] Walter . Are you okay ? - May I come inside ? - Yeah , yeah . Perhaps something to drink- - it 's quite a long walk . Thank you . You should know that your mother was a wonderful woman ... Every version of her . She came to see you . I lost the people I loved most , and I imagine you miss them too- - the people you 've left behind . Yes , I do . I 'll help you , Peter . I will help you get home . The last 25 years I 've spent thinking about losing my son . I thought I was an expert on loss . Maybe that 's why you 're here ... Mm , because there are still things that I need to learn . [ Chuckles softly ] What ? I just spent the last several days with the other Walter . And I was very surprised to learn that he 's not the man that I thought he was . But I am not at all surprised to learn that you are . Is that a good thing ? Yes , Walter . That is a very good thing . You know , I used to live here . [ Whirring , keys clacking ] [ Computer beeping rapidly ] = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
