 DANIEL : Previously on Caprica ... LACY : I let down my best friend , and now I 'm living a life I never intended . Are you ready to serve our cause ? Yes , I am . Do it . Oh , my God ! While I 've been trying to get everyone to lie low , you 've been trying to build a power base . The leaders like action , not crazy plans that make you into a bouncer in some homemade heaven . CLARICE : Apotheosis will unite the Twelve Worlds under one true God . If the Conclave would grant me an audience , I could make them see the value of it . You 're going to Gemenon ? Yes , it 's just a little business trip , only going for a few days . ZOE : I trusted my friends to get me to Gemenon , and they failed me . They 're going to make copies of my chip , Lace . And the way they do that is they have to destroy the original , which is me . ZOE : Stop . Philo , it 's me . No ! ( TIRES SCREECHING ) DANIEL : Everything I 've worked for is gone . They 're saying this incident proves we 've lost control of the project . I 'm not sure we 're getting it back . You get the company , you get the contract . Guaranteed . It 's your dream . My dream is to tear up your dream . Daniel , Vergis told me that you stole his chip and killed two of his employees . I 'm sorry ... Tell me it isn 't true . ( SIGHS ) AMANDA : I feel like I 'm going insane . I lost my frakking mind . AMANDA : I was seeing my dead brother everywhere . TOMAS : As you can see here , production proceeds with Graystone Industries churning out 1,000 robot chassis per month . And I am pleased to announce that Graystone Industries will deliver the first installment of battle units to the Caprican government on time and , thank the Gods , on budget . ... forensic evidence from the scene , and that leads us to believe that this car bomb was , in fact , set by the STO , the terrorist arm of the monotheist religion . Now , several governments have come forward and they ... It 's hot . It 's hot ! So hot the wings on the statue of Icarus melted . Wings on the statue ... All right , guys , no more statue of Icarus jokes . ( AUDIENCE LAUGHING ) ( SUPPORTERS CHEERING ) NEWSCASTER : Another nice move from Jenkins . These C-Bucs are riding high on a seven-game win streak under new owner Tomas Vergis , and things are really looking up . Now here 's Bayard Sartoris with traffic . Bayard ... BAYARD : Expect traffic delays if you are headed over Pantheon Bridge this morning . Safety retrofitting continues in the wake of the incident three weeks ago when the controversial Dr. Amanda Graystone ... Off . ( TV TURNS OFF ) ( INAUDIBLE ) Yeah , I 'll put it on the list . All right . Where are your friends ? I 'm meeting them inside . Okay . Well , your dad 's going to be jealous . You go to a C-Bucs game , and him stuck at the office . Everything okay ? Yeah . Really is . All right . Well , have fun . Thanks . Pick you up at 6 : 00 . Okay . Bye . ( TRUMPET PLAYING ) ( ALL CHEERING ) ANNOUNCER : Welcome to Atlas Arena for today 's world championship matchup between the Caprica Buccaneers and the Gemenon Twins . Good afternoon , Pyramid fans . The Caprica C-Bucs vs. The Gemenon Twins . Let 's all count down to the dump here at Atlas Arena . May the one true God drive out the many that I might find forgiveness in this life and redemption in the next . Hear my prayer , O God in heaven . ( SPECTATORS COUNTING DOWN ) So say we all . OBAL : Clarice . I agreed to this meeting because you promised to present a transformative recruiting tool . Apotheosis . I don 't see how a terror attack will lure the unenlightened into our fold . If anything , it will drive them further away . But you 've only seen the beginning . CLARICE : Imagine a world in which death has been conquered . In which eternal life is not just a dream , but a reality . 30,000 Capricans will die in the fire . A select few will be reborn , those who have accepted the one true God into their hearts . Praise God . Praise the one true God . It 's true . I can 't believe it . ELDERLY WOMAN : I am delivered . Look , Son , we 're really here . Only they will savor life everlasting in a virtual heaven that we have built . The Twelve Worlds will see our paradise and understand the gift that our God offers . We live in a remarkable era . Myth and mystery have been replaced by reason and science . I offer you a religion that removes the need for faith . A religion of certainty , that reflects the wonder of all we have created . That is Apotheosis . She certainly has a gift for stirring the pot , doesn 't she ? ( GROANS ) Time . SERGE : It is 12 : 42 p.m. Oh , Gods . Oh , Gods . DANIEL : I have suffered some losses recently , and ... ( DANIEL SIGHS ) And it 's made me think about the extremes that I would go to to avoid ever having to deal with that kind of pain again , both personally and professionally , which is what brings me here to you today . Tomas Vergis has taken my company away from me , and I want it back . GUATRAU : Mmm-hmm . In return , I offer you something of great value , something you 'll find very attractive . Now normally , I would put something like this out ... I am not a young man . My point is , I can make us both a great deal of money . And the nature of this exciting windfall ? A cure for human grief . Wait , I thought we were talking about battle robots . Battle robots have a very limited consumer appeal , but who hasn 't lost someone that they loved ? Who wouldn 't do anything possible to bring that loved one back ? Well , what if all I had to do was buy the right piece of software that would recreate them ? They 'd be in the virtual world , yes , but you could visit them every day , talk to them , spend time with them again , say the things that you 'd always wished you 'd said . Maybe ultimately we can even find a way to get them bodies in the real world . They would be a part of our lives once more . The ultimate drug to heal the ultimate pain . Now what do you think that 's worth to someone ? Guatrau , I know that you lost your son last year . Wait , please , let me ... May I finish , please ? I lost my daughter and my wife . We can either sit and wail the gravity of our loss , or we can rise up and redress it . This has unlimited potential on any number of levels , not the least of which is profitability . Wait outside . Not you , Joseph . OBAL : You caused quite a dust up in there . The young 'uns don 't know what to think . We 've always accepted a heaven built by God . Why can 't we embrace one built by his worldly instruments ? Well , it 's tacky , for one thing . Personally , I think the dream of eternal life is far more compelling than actually living one . That 's much too boring . A man in your position doesn 't believe in life eternal ? I believe in being surprised . Apotheosis will work . It will unite the Twelve Worlds under one true God . I 've known you a long time , Clarice , so I 'll be frank . You 're not a religious leader , you are STO . Technically , a terrorist . The Church and the STO have overlapped for many years . We are your strong right arm . Do what you are good at doing , making things go boom . Leave the business of saving souls to the professionals . I want an audience with Mother . Imagine that . The Blessed Mother sipping tea with little Clarice Willow . Don 't mock me ! I have done some terrible things in the service of this Church . I have earned the right . I 'll do what I can . GUATRAU : Tell me more about Daniel Graystone . Great wealth . No humility . The idea that rich people can somehow buy their way out of grieving ... Stick to the man himself . I don 't like him . He believes he 's smarter than we are . He thinks he can use us , and then discard us when we 're done solving his problems for him . This " life after death " parlor trick , can he make it work ? I 've seen what he 's talking about . Tamara . After she died , he made a ... Made a version of Tamara that was horrible . She couldn 't feel her heart beat . She was frightened . I thought he didn 't have the software . It was destroyed , and that 's a good thing because we need to grieve and move on . It 's the Tauron way . Joseph , you 've done good work . You 've given honest advice . You will represent my interest in this matter . Oh . This is an honor . ( SPEAKING TAURONESE ) You spend enough time straddling two worlds . Are you a true Ha 'la 'tha ? Go home , Dr. Graystone . JOSEPH : We 'll be in touch . DANIEL : Yeah , well , when ? Where ? We gonna meet somewhere , or what ? The Ha 'la 'tha finds you . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( DOOR CLOSES ) So , the Guatrau give you a bump ? Maybe . What do you know ? Little brother makes his move . ( CHUCKLES ) We 'll see . We 'll see . She requested an audience with the Blessed Mother . So , what do you make of Clarice Willow 's virtual heaven ? It 's a blasphemy . Complete blasphemy . Oh , my . I 've known Clarice for a long , long time . She came to us when she was a child , and she quickly became the brightest star in the STO training camp . She also became a dyed-in-the-wool zealot with delusions of grandeur . Definite messiah complex . She got the Conclave pretty worked up , Mother . If she should get the STO rank and file on her side , things can get very ugly . ( SIGHS ) Lord , save me from the Capricans . ( CHUCKLES ) I suppose you want to dispose of her . If it should suit the Mother 's will . Very well . Go . Let me have my tea in peace . Obal . Yes , Blessed Mother . Leave the Holoband . ( GATE CLOSING ) SERGE : Joseph and Samuel Adams are at the door . Can I get you anything ? We won 't be long . Wasn 't expecting you guys so soon . Would you look at this guy . Hey , little man . So , terms . DANIEL : What are the terms ? JOSEPH : We reach out to your board of directors , get you the title you want and the access you need to do your work . In return , you become part of us . The whole ... The whole thing , right ? There 's no expiration date ? You 're surely not surprised . You know who we are . Yes , I know exactly what you are . You 'll see me as a resource , not a partner . You 'll suck my company dry of all its capital and toss the rest . Well , usually we break up and sell what 's left . Yet you still come to us . Why ? Well , I 'm gambling that I can convince your Guatrau that my company will be more valuable to him operating business as usual , with my hand at the tiller . That 's one hell of a gamble . Well , if I had other options , you wouldn 't be here , touching my wife 's things . Excuse me . I 'm a busy man , and I 'm not interested in spending the night talking to a couple of errand boys . Do we have a deal or not ? In a moment . See , Daniel , it 's important to make sure that you 're not being unrealistic about where this road leads . Your mother lives on 14 Arno Court . All right , okay . Named Phoebus . Right about now she 's getting in her car , out to see her friend Irene . JOSEPH : You know Irene . I promise she 's not gonna arrive because we 've rigged her car to explode . We 're not screwing around , Daniel . We sign our deals in blood , to show our faith to the Guatrau . DANIEL : You 're bluffing . JOSEPH : If I am , then you have nothing to lose . Flip the switch . ( CHUCKLES ) All right , I 'm out . I am out . In a partnership , it 's important to understand what lines your partner won 't cross . So , that was ... What was that , a bluff ? Of course . The point was to make you think . Please . About what ? Killing my mother ? You 've shown me your limitations . This isn 't a life for you . Walk away . Hope that nobody ever asks you to kill someone you love . Think about it . Take the afternoon . HIPPOLYTA : Lacy . Bless this circle and the ritual we are about to perform . We are your soldiers , and we 'll gladly give our lives to serve you . Let me be your vessel , O God . ( INHALES ) Fill me with divine light . I am your hammer and your sword . Am I boring you ? I don 't know the ritual . He 's done it before . It 's one of our most sacred . Well , sorry . Are you fully committed to the cause ? Of course she 's committed . Shut up , Keon . I can speak for myself . Give me that knife . ( CHUCKLES ) ( SIGHING ) I feel God stirring within . ALL : I feel God stirring within . Hippolyta , come . Yes , Barnabas . CLARICE : It 's freezing down here , Diego . Can 't we go into the house and find a fireplace ? The Church proper doesn 't like to see STO in its nice rooms . Besides , you 're safer here with us . Is it really that dangerous ? You 've got the polytheistic rebels on the east , the Hephaestons are on the other side . One big stalemate . Obal Ferras got his ceremonial panties in a bunch over your little fireworks show . I hear he asked for your head on a stick from the Mother . Did he receive it ? Oh , I 'm just a poor , dumb terrorist . I don 't have access to the power and the privilege . Hell , they don 't even let us keep warm . Well , that 's not how it was on Gemenon 10 years ago , remember ? The armed branch of the Church is the only reason it made it through the lean years . I remember . We were treated like saviors . ( CHUCKLES ) Now , of course , it 's different . The Church has got a little bit too safe and cozy with its polytheist neighbors , if you ask me . I think it 's disgusting . We don 't make the rules , Clarice , they do . Well , that could change , of course . Wouldn 't it be wonderful , Diego , to bring light to the worlds once and for all ? God has touched you . Bless you . What 's the short version ? Well , if you turn to page 8017 , you 'll see ... Seventeen . ... that we 've aggregated the data for each level of testing to ... Gods , Cyrus , I said the short version . Short version , whatever spark it had is gone . Thing is toast . Or a toaster . Don 't just box it , melt it down . All right . There a problem ? This was Daniel 's obsession , not mine . I am glad to be rid of it , Dr. Vergis . Good . I think I have something here , Sister . Something big , something huge . Can I explain it to you ? OBAL : Sorry to keep you waiting . Are you going to take me to Mother ? OBAL : She 's agreed to see you . Let 's walk . It 'll get your blood flowing . ( ON ANSWERING MACHINE ) You 've reached Amanda Graystone . I 'm not available to take your call . Please leave a message . Hi , sweetheart . I , uh ... I miss you . I just ... I really ... I miss you . SERGE : Excuse me , Daniel . Cyrus Xander is at the front gate . I swear , if this wasn 't the holy land , I 'd suggest moving the whole religion to a tropical beach . It 's just as well . I want to make sure we 're not overheard . This idea that you brought to us today , I 'm not sure if you realize just how big it is . Oh , a little credit , please . The hand of God brought me a girl with the ability to turn code into a soul . When I think about it , I 'm overcome with awe . And you 're sure you can get it back , this resurrection program ? Yes . I 'm certain this is the moment . We can be a faith that builds temples here in the dirt , or we can build them the sky . So , you really want to serve God . I do . Or do you want to be God ? Come . We mustn 't keep Mother waiting . DANIEL : Melted down ? CYRUS : I 'm putting it off . I keep expecting it to wake up , like a coma patient in a TV movie . I knew he 'd come in and start making all the wrong moves . Yeah . What ? Well , he is making the robots . Don 't worry . It 's nothing Vergis did . No ! I 'm not worried . It was the crash , or the fire after . The body was trashed and the MCP couldn 't boot up . We tried one more time to copy it . This time the copies worked . But they 're not like the originals , are they ? No , no . They don 't score in the sentient range . But they shoot and fight . That 's enough for the military . " That 's enough for the military . " Well , we had a defense contract . We were going to create life , and now you 've settled for shooting and fighting ... " Settled . " ... and soldier bots under Tomas Vergis . Please . I 'm here reporting back to you , for Gods ' sake ! I know . I know you just did what you had to do . If I had the power to bring it all back ... I get it ! All right ? You never really let me in , Daniel . You should go . But , Cyrus , just keep your head down , okay ? What are we doing here ? Obal ? I 'm sorry . ( FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ) Show forgiveness . Don 't make this harder than it is . I wish there was another way , with all my heart . So do I. Diego . No . My , my , my . Well played . I am sorry , old friend . But the faith comes first , and you 've lost your way . ( GROANING ) ( STABBING ) ( GATE OPENING ) Mother , may I come in ? Please , do . ( GATE CLOSING ) My name is Clarice Willow . I know who you are . Obal Ferras just tried to have me killed . I heard . Are you unhurt ? I hope so . Fine . And I 'd like to remain that way . Mmm-hmm . You disapprove of Apotheosis . Artificial heaven . I trust the hand of God to actually play a role in our lives . It 's best to let these things play out as he sees fit . You like to be surprised ? Sometimes . So , what is it you require to complete your little science project ? I need authority to assert total control over all STO cells on Caprica . Hmm . Agreed . What else ? I 'II , uh ... I 'll prepare my list . ( BELL TOLLING IN DISTANCE ) ( GATE OPENING ) This is offered freely ? It is . Doctor . On second thought , let 's not melt it down just yet . Box it for deep storage , quietly . Maybe someday Dr. Graystone will be back for it . ( GUNFIRE ) ( EXPLOSIONS ) Hey ! You one of the dead walkers ? Looks like you 're in the wrong part of New Cap City . They say you can 't be killed . ( CHUCKLING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( GROANING ) ( GUN COCKING ) I hear you can 't die . But you can bleed . You can hurt . A lot . You can 't pull the trigger . You can 't even raise your hand to take your Holoband off . You can 't run . What did you do to me ? What should I do to you ? I 've seen this symbol around the city . It belongs to the other dead walker . You know , I 've been looking for her . Any ideas where she is ? No . Okay , then go . Thank you . DANIEL : Hi , sweetheart . I miss you . I just ... I really ... I miss you . SERGE : Excuse me , Daniel . Cyrus Xander is at the front gate . I just ... I wish ... I wish that we could talk about this . Can we talk about this ? Will you call me , please ? I love you . AUTOMATED VOICE : Please select " leave a message " or " redial " now . ( SIGHING ) Hey , it 's me . I just can 't ... I can 't talk right now . I just ... I need some time . ( DOOR OPENING ) ( SIGHS ) Well , it 's good to be home .
