 The ratio is always the same . 1 to 1.618 over and over and over again . The patterns- - are hidden in plain sight . Just have to know where to look . Things most people see as chaos actually follow subtle laws of behavior . Galaxies , plants , seashells . The patterns never lie . But only some of us can see how the pieces fit together . 7,080,360,000 of us live on this tiny planet . This is the story of some of those people . There 's an ancient Chinese myth about the Red Thread of Fate . It says the gods have tied a red thread around every one of our ankles and attached it to all the people whose lives we 're destined to touch . This thread may stretch or tangle , but it 'll never break . It 's all predetermined by mathematical probability , and it 's my job to keep track of those numbers , to make the connections for those who need to find each other ... the ones whose lives need to touch . I was born 4,161 days ago on October 26 , 2000 . I 've been alive for eleven years , four months , 21 days and 14 hours . And in all that time ... I 've never said a single word . Welcome to Kennedy Airport . This is a non-smoking facility . - Another 25 or so . - Thanks . No chargers , so they 're probably dead . What the hell do you do with these things , anyway ? My son likes to take ' em apart . Hello ! Oh , thank God . Who is this ? It 's the owner of the phone that you are illegally in possession of . I 'm not illegally possessing anything . It was in the lost and found at JFK . I work here . New York . You 're kidding me . Look , I don 't care how you got it , okay ? I just want it back . I lost it at Heathrow Airport two days ago . People have been phone-skipping it around the globe ever since . So , can I please have it back ? Can 't you just get another one ? It 's not the phone that I need . It 's a photograph inside it ... of my daughter . It 's her birthday tomorrow . I 'm in Mumbai now . I just need it back , okay ? All right , let me get your address . Hang on . Now my phone is ringing . Hello ! Again ? You got to be kidding me . I pay your school good money to keep my son safe . Are you grasping the iron ... Just tell them not to touch him , do you understand ? Do not touch him ! I 'll be there as fast as I can . Hello ? Are you still there ? Hello ? Well , the dad just showed up here . Damn it , Jake . You had to call the police , right ? This is the third time this month . Hey , don 't go near him ! You can 't touch him ! Sir , your son cannot keep doing this . I just told you you cannot touch him ! You gotta let me bring him down . I cannot let you go up there . I 'm not going up there . I 'm scared of heights . I got another idea . Jake ! Come back down , Lenny ! The kid 's dad is here ! Hey , buddy ! Come on down , okay ? I got a present for you ! See ? Jake , it 's all right . Just come on down . Come on down , buddy ! Jake ! Lucky there wasn 't any rain today . That thing gets wet , he could have gone up like a torch . Does the time 3 : 18 mean something special to that kid ? Wait for me by the car . All three times he 's tripped the alarm on the security system at exactly 3 : 18 . The kid is like clockwork . I don 't know anything about that . You know , I 'm gonna have to report him to Child Services this time . I know , I know . I 'm sorry for your trouble . Jake . Why don 't we leave the bus alone , now , okay , Jake ? You know what ? I got a good idea . I bet the store here 's got orange soda . Would you like that ? Of course you would . Come on , Jake , please ? Jake ! And tonight at 8 : 00 ... Hey , give me a Lotto ticket , please . " ... The Children of 9-11 , " an in-depth look at the struggles and the triumphs of the forgotten victims ; those that were too young to have memories of the mothers and fathers lost ... 87 , one , nine , 20 , 31 , 11 . ... the psychological implications of this tragedy on their young lives . - Hey , hey ! Kid , come here ! - Jake ! Kid , kid , come back here ! - Whoa , whoa , whoa ! No , no ! Hey , hey , no , kid ! Hey ! - Jake ! - What the hell you doing ? ! - Sorry . I 'll take care of it . Jake , open the door . - Hey , kid , open it now ! - Jake ? - Open it . Kid ! - Jake ? - One , two , three ... - Jake . You ought to keep that kid in a cage . What did you say ? Hey ! ♪ Rise up this morning ♪ ♪ Smiled with the rising sun ♪ ♪ Three little birds perched on my doorstep ♪ ♪ Singing sweet songs of melodies pure and true , yeah ♪ ♪ This is my message to you ♪ ♪ Saying don 't worry ♪ ♪ About a thing ♪ ♪ ' Cause every little thing ♪ ♪ Gonna be all right ♪ ♪ ' Cause every little thing ♪ ♪ Gonna be all right ♪ Ladies and gentlemen , the song stylings of the next global phenom , Kayla Graham . Play it forward , pass it along . Start your fan clubs here . Oh , you know what , I 'm starstruck ; I mean , you killed tonight . And now , for the post-performance depression . ♪ Kay ... Kayla ? Kayla ? How is it that you always end up sitting out here ? Oh , it 's the obvious place to ruminate on all the things I 'll never be . Half the company is here because of you . Niles , you know I love you . But let 's face it , I 'm always going to be working two cubicles down from you for the rest of my life . We all have a destiny , Kayla , okay ? And yours is to be a megastar . And this here ... This is the rocket ship that launches it all . A mobile phone ? You know Doug from sales ? He got back from New York today . Someone stuck this phone into his bag . You should see all the videos and the messages that are in here from all around the world . It 's like ... it 's like a pollen burst ready to explode . You 've got a video of me on that phone , singing in this lousy bar in Dublin , Ireland . - Yeah . - And you 're going to send this phone out into the ether , and people are going to find it and discover me ? - That 's right . - And just like that I 'll become a megastar ? Exactly . I 'll see you tomorrow , Niles . Yeah , well , you 'll see , Kayla . A megastar , love . I mean , it 's viral marketing . We can 't fail . Taxi . Airport , please ; Air Japan . Come on , buddy . I 'm serious this time , Jake . The police filed another report today . We 're already on thin ice . I don 't know what to do anymore ... Ah ! Damn it ! I 'm sorry . It 's my fault . There . Doctor says you 're going to be bigger than me . How the hell 's that gonna work ? Yeah , okay . Okay . Get some sleep . They 're all the same number . Jake ... How did you do that ? Hello , hello ! Hello , hello . Even though they 're picking up the phone , they 're , " Hello ? " Hello , hello ! Mr. Bohm ? Clea Hopkins . Child and Family Services . I 've come to do an assessment ... Oh , my God . Your paper . Thank you . Can I get you something to drink ? You still working as a doorman ? I 've been a taxi driver , construction worker , and baggage handler since then . I guess I 'm still trying to find myself . Mr. Bohm , I 'm sure you know why I 'm here . - I can explain the cell tower . - It 's the third time in three weeks . Well , look on the bright side . At least he 's consistent . It 's a symptom . Five schools in seven years . No mother in the home . Your multiple jobs in the past few years ? It doesn 't add up to a very promising picture . We 've had our challenges , but we always get through them . Unfortunately , these things come down to resources , commitment , - personal involvement ... - You do not get to talk to me about commitment ! I 'm just pointing out the obvious , here . When your son was born , you were a highly-paid reporter at the Herald . You 're now working 50 hours a week at a job that cannot adequately provide the care ... I 've provided for him for the last ten years ! With less and less success , apparently . The financial challenges will only increase as your son gets older . I want to offer solutions , I do . I 'm all ears . At the risk of being presumptuous , this is a three-bedroom loft . In the meat-packing district ? For conversation 's sake , it was my wife 's . She was a stockbroker . She worked in the north tower of the World Trade Center . It should all be there in your file . Still , a loft like this has to be worth an awful lot . My wife 's family had money . I made her put everything in Jake 's name , in a trust , because I didn 't want them to think I wanted ... Why don 't I just ... take a few minutes here so I can meet Jacob ? Knock yourself out . He 's right behind you . Wow . You 're a quiet one , aren 't you ? Hello , Jacob . I 'm Clea . I wouldn 't do that , if I were you . Not unless you want to spend the next three hours peeling him off the ceiling . He doesn 't let anybody touch him . Not even me . Don 't take it personally . Hey , is that a dinosaur puzzle ? Oh , my God . The numbers . The numbers . 87 , 1 , 9 , 20 , 31 , 11 ... Mr. Bohm ? Last night all these phones went on . They had numbers on them . These numbers . Look . The winning numbers for the Lotto . How would he know ? Last night 's winning numbers , 87 ... 1 , 9 , 20 , 31 , 11 . If you 're lucky enough to be holding onto the ticket , congratulations . But the question on everyone 's mind today is " Where are you ? " The multi-million - dollar winning lottery ticket is still remarkably unclaimed . This is one of the biggest jackpots in New York state history . The previous largest ... Hello ? Hi . It 's me . Randy ? I really want to come home now . Hello ? Hi , it 's me . What do you want , Simon ? I was just checking in . I 'm on my way to Tokyo . There 's a new chain of Italian bakeries opening up . Could be a huge account for us . Uh-huh . Listen , uh , I was going to try and get home for her birthday tomorrow night . I don 't really see the point . Why bother ? Nell , please . Is that everything ? Because I have to go . Last summer in Brighton that hotel that we stayed at on the beach ... did we take any photographs of Lily , besides the ones on my mobile phone ? No . Why ? Nothing . Never mind . Like I said , I 'll-I 'll try and be there , yeah . That 's okay . There are strange coincidences around us all the time . And autistic children often have a heightened ... Heightened ability with numbers . You think I don 't know that ? I never bought that label , anyway . For eight years , they 've been trying to find something that worked . Nothing fit Jake . For all I know , he doesn 't speak because he 's got nothing to say . It 's not uncommon for a guardian in your position to feel a lack of human connection . Unless that 's exactly what he 's trying to do , connect . The truth is ... the State is going to mandate a two-week evaluation to determine if Jacob should be institutionalized . What if he 's trying to communicate ? Sit down , sit . Look , Jake climbed that tower three times . Every time , the security cameras caught him at 3 : 18 . - Has to be ... - For the last two weeks , he 's reset every clock in this house to that exact time . And then there 's this . He 's been trying to say something . I-I just didn 't realize it . What you 're talking about is just wish fulfillment . You 're saying I 'm making this up ? I 'm saying that human connection is a powerful need . It can drive us to see meaning where there isn 't any . You got it all figured out , you know it all , right ? I know enough to recognize someone who 's underwater , who 's lost too much . Career , wife . Your life is now dominated by a child that you can no longer control . Have you ever truly communicated with him ? Does he even know who you are ? That 's not your fault . No one is judging you for that . There 's a board and care facility 15 blocks from here . The best in the city . After his two-week evaluation there , you can make a case for how you 're going to provide a safe environment for Jake going forward . In the end , it may be determined that you can 't . I know that sounds harsh now , but ... once he 's out of the house , you may see that you 'll both be better off with this arrangement . ♪ It 's only gonna be for two weeks , then you 'll come home . I 'm gonna see you every day , I promise . Okay , we 're all set . We have tons of fun things for you to do here , Jake . You 'll see . These will keep him busy for a while . If he gets agitated , try orange soda . Usually calms him down . Popcorn , too . He 'll want to count the kernels before he eats them . You 're a very brave man , Mr. Bohm . Right . It 's gonna be all right . Give us 24 hours before you come back for the first visit . Hear that , Jake ? I 'm gonna see you tomorrow . I love you . Come on , Jake . I 'll show you the rec room . ♪ Hey , sweetheart . They , um ... they say God never gives you more than you can handle . I think he has this time . I swear to you , I 've tried to make it work . I 've tried to connect . I ... I-I just can 't reach him . And I 've failed you both . I hope you can forgive me , Sarah , because I can 't forgive myself . ♪ ' Cause every little thing 's gonna be all right ♪ What do you want ? I 'm looking for the Teller Institute . I 'm sorry , I think I 've got the wrong address . Let me guess . Your kid keeps climbing a cell tower . You coming in or not ? The whole cosmic wheel of humanity comes down to just electromagnetic energy and connections . There are those among us- - mostly kids- - whose sole purpose is to act as air traffic controllers for that interconnectivity . My son doesn 't even talk . Unnecessary , outdated . An evolutionary speed bump . Like your pinky toe . He had any formal math training ? No . Why ? Mr. Bohm , your son is one of those kids . He discovered the Fibonacci sequence on his own . The what ? Here . A mathematical sequence discovered by a 12th-century mathematician named Fibonacci . The pattern 's found in nature , over and over again . The curve of a wave , the spiral of a shell , the segments of a pineapple . The universe is made up of precise ratios and patterns . All around us . You and I , we don 't see them . But if we could , life would be magical beyond our wildest dreams . A quantum entanglement of cause and effect where everything and everyone reflects on each other . Every action , every breath , every conscious thought connected . Imagine the unspeakable beauty of the universe he sees . No wonder he doesn 't talk . My son sees all that ? Mr. Bohm , your son sees everything . The past , the present , the future . He sees how it 's all connected . You 're telling me my son can predict the future ? No , I 'm telling you , it 's a road map ... and your job now , your purpose , is to follow it for him . It 's your fate , Mr. Bohm . It 's your destiny . Good job . One more . Good job . Okay . Keep it going . You 're doing really great . I see you 're arranging them into little rows there . Can I count those with you ? There 's two in that one and one in that one . Two there . Nine ... two ... six , nine , two , two . 212-920-6922 . That 's my mother 's phone number . Haven 't thought of that number in years . Mom ? Mom , you there ? Hi , I 'm Julie , your automated Amtrak reservation assistant . Please say the name of the destination - you 're traveling to . - Lynchburg , Virginia . Lynchburg , Virginia . Okay . Now , please say the location of your departure . New York City . New York City . Okay . Please hold while I check for departure times . ... 212 . It 's a phone number . 3-18 . It 's today 's date . March 18 . I told you , he 's trying to tell us about something . But ... what ? Why ? I don 't know . To stop it from happening . To make it happen . I don 't know . But the time , the date- - somehow it 's all connected . And whatever it is , it 's supposed to happen today at 3 : 18 . My God . At Grand Central Station . In 22 minutes . Come on , let 's go ! If we find the phone , what then ? I don 't know . Wait for a call , maybe . There 's gotta be 50 phones in this building . Businesses , offices ... You go that way ; I 'll go this way . No . No ! Sorry , I 'm really sorry , but I need to use that phone ; I 'm waiting for a call . Listen , I ... Sir , I really need to use that phone . I don 't think you understand . I have to have that phone ! It 's-It 's an emergency . You ! You son of a bitch ! That 's for the gas station ! Break it up ! Break it up ! I told him I was waiting for a phone call ; it 's an emergency . He started it . Look , I gotta get to Penn Station . I gotta catch a train . Shh ! ♪ Rise up this morning ♪ ♪ Smiled with the rising sun ... ♪ ♪ Singing sweet songs ... ♪ It 's the largest winter storm of the year so far , and as much as three inches of rain expected to pound New York and New Jersey in the next hour . The storm is expected to last all through tomorrow , tapering off by tomorrow night , so , watch out on your morning and evening commute ... Mr. Bohm , my name is Randall Meade . I was a fireman with Ladder Company 318 . On September 11 , 2001 , I was on the 87th floor of the north tower of the World Trade Center . I found a woman alive , barely conscious . She was bleeding pretty bad . It was your wife , Sarah . I carried her down 31 flights of stairs . I-I just couldn 't carry her any farther . I set her down , checked her pulse , and I told myself she was already dead . The truth is , I don 't really know if she was . I 've been thinking about her for ten years , and ... I 've played the same Lotto numbers every week for ten years . 9 / 11 , 2001 , 87th floor . 31 flights of stairs . I was just trying to make the numbers come out right . I have some money now , and it 's because of her . Sir , I really need to use that phone . I 'm guessing she 'd want me to give it all away , - so that 's what I 'm going to do . - I don 't think you understand . I have to have that phone . It 's an emergency ! ... owe their lives to one man . A retired New York fireman , Randall Meade , pulled the children from a burning bus that had rolled into a ravine off the Jersey Turnpike . This was the scene last night as our own Sofia Martinez spoke with the hero himself . As you can see behind me , these are the smoldering remains of the school bus that , earlier today , held 25 children . Mr. Meade , please tell us in your own words what happened . Uh , I was on my way back to my apartment . I-I guess I was just ... I was in the right place at the right time . I saw the bus . I started pulling the kids out one by one . Mr. Meade ? He made me miss my train . Uh , I 'm sorry ? Oh , I 'm just saying , if I hadn 't have missed my train , I wouldn 't have been here . It 's amazing how things work out . I need to see my son now- - Jake Bohm . Visiting hours are from 9 : 00 to 5 : 00 . - Jake ! - You can 't be in here , sir . - Jake ! Jake ! - Sir . Oh , thank God you 're here . It 's okay . They were right- - the numbers- - they were right . - I just tried to call you . - He predicted everything- - the bus , the kids , 318 , the lottery , everything . - He 's gone . - What ? I went to check on him before I left and he was gone . I thought maybe he tried to go back home . He 's not going home . What ? - How do you know ? - I just do . Simon Plimpton , 44-077-double-0-90-04-double-8 . Please hold while we transfer you to a representative . How may I help you , Mr. Plimpton ? Yeah , I 've been trying to find my phone for the last three days , and now I 'm getting a recorded message- - something about an invalid territory . Certain territories are blocked to our customers , usually for security reasons , so if your phone is in any one of these areas , I 'm afraid I won 't be able to help you . Perhaps it 's time for you to get a new phone . Yeah , I got a new phone , but I need what 's in that phone . Can 't you just GPS it or just call the number for me ? We 're not supposed to do that , sir . Listen , I am 6,000 miles from my home in London , on the road . I , I , I sell restaurant supplies and ... Look , I know that it 's a long shot , but there 's some photos in the phone , and I need to see them . There 's someone in them that I , I 'm not ever going to see again . My daughter- - she died a year ago today . March 18 . Okay . I 'm going to have to put you on hold . Yeah , fine . Hello , is anyone there ? Hello ? Who is this ? Sir , it seems you 're using a phone that doesn 't belong to you . They just put it on me . I don 't know ... Sir ? To explode the bomb . I 'm sorry , did you just say ... ? A bomb- - in one minute and 34 seconds . The phone- - it 's , it 's the timer . This is a joke , right ? I am not a bad person . Sir , where are you ? When you hear about this on the news , you will tell people I was not a bad person , yes ? No , you can 't do this . Listen to me , you have to take the battery out of the phone right now . No , I can 't , I have no choice . We always have a choice . Think of the people , and if you can 't think about that , then think about yourself . You must have a life you dream about , a future . I have no dreams . I am a fool . I wanted to be a comedian like , like Chris Rock . I love Chris Rock . We 're all fools for our dreams . Maybe there 's someone who can help you reach yours . No , no one can . How can I help you ? What would make you not want to do this ? An oven . An oven for my family . An oven . Restaurant supplies . I know someone who can get you an oven . Can you hear me ? I know someone who can get you an oven . So here 's what we 're going to do . I 'm going to disconnect your phone at my end , but you have to take the battery out of the phone right now , then call this number back when it 's safe . Do you understand me ? Please . Are you sure you can get me an oven ? Yes . Okay , I 'll do it . God , what 's he doing up there ? Come on down , Jake ! Come on down . Can you hear me ? Jake , look , I got a phone for you , see ? The ratio is always the same . 1 to 1.618 , over and over and over again . The patterns , mathematical in design , are hidden in plain sight . You just have to know where to look . 7,080,360,000 people and only a few of us can see the connections . Today we 'll send over 300 billion e-mails ... 19 billion text messages . Yet we 'll still feel alone . The average person will say 2,250 words to 7.4 other individuals . Will these words be used to hurt or to heal ? There 's an ancient Chinese myth about the Red Thread of Fate . Don 't look down , don 't look down . It says that the gods have tied a red thread around every one of our ankles and attached it to all of the people whose lives we are destined to touch . This thread may stretch or tangle . You can do this . But it will never break . Jake , listen to me . I did what you wanted- - I followed the numbers . The kids on that bus- - they were saved because of you . Jake . I don 't know if you understand a single word that I 'm saying . I don 't even know if you hear me , but I can hear you , Jake . Do you understand that ? I can hear you now . I don 't understand . What is it ? It 's a road map . Hello , this is Ernie . Hello , my name is Martin Bohm . Look , I know this is gonna sound crazy , but I think we 're supposed to find each other .
