 Previously on abc 's Everyone on the planet blacked out at exactly the same time . I didn 't just loose consciousness it felt more like I was having a memory , only it was of the future . Same thing happend to me . In my flash-forward , I saw someone drowning me . I was getting a prenatal sonogram . I was with another man . I have never seen him before . In my flash-forward I was investigating what caused all this . You have to see this . Right there . Look right there . - No way Who the hell is that ? And why are they awake ? This is taken about midway through the blackout . We are calling him Suspect-Zero . Dr. Benford , I am Lloyd Simcoe . It does not matter what I saw . This man means nothing to me ! His son 's your patient . Our experiment killed 20 million people , Simon . We were the cause . I do not believe we caused the blackout . Who 's the woman ? - I have no idea . But I am gonna meet her . I didn 't have a flash-forward , because I 'm gonna be dead . You will be shot three times . You , Agent Benford , you will kill Agent Noh . Aah ! You 're coming with us . Lower the guns . You two are disobeying a direct order ! Here . Wedeck 's orders . Thank you , and good-bye . No , no , no , please , please , please don 't hurt her . - Get in the van , Mr. Simcoe . I 'll come with you , please . - Get in the van ! Aah ! I want to tell you a story about a man I know ... A window washer in Los Angeles . Nothing special about him ... Just going about his life , living from day to day . Hook me up . Vague plans . Few dreams . And if he had any aspirations , he never spoke of them . Like most of us , he was already unconscious when the blackout hit . Before the blackout , the window washer lived his life ignoring the questions of the future . They just weren 't that important to him , so he believed nothing . But the blackout came ... And this man faced certain death . Many of us think that when divine intervention happens , it 's something big . But it can also be a small thing ... That seems so inconsequential in the moment ... That turns out to be ... The turning point for your entire life . Big or small , what if that moment affected everyone , everywhere at the exact same time ? What would that mean to you ? Where would you look for answers ? The answer is never about just one person . Every single person 's life was touched by the blackout . None of us are in this alone . Help ! # stay with me # # remain here with me # # watch and pray # # watch and pray # Each one of us is unique . But we are being stitched together to form a tapestry , something larger that can 't be understood until we step back to see the whole thing ... - Help me , please . - I need help here ! At some point , we all wake up , and then we have to choose . Do we walk in hope , believing that what God is doing is good , or do we stumble around , resigning ourselves to chaos ? The window washer saw a path through the chaos , and he saw the good in what he was shown . That window washer ... Was me . S01 E11 and E12 Revelation Zero . These are the questions people have always struggled with . Only now , they are more powerful than ever . Take me through something here . You 're in a foreign country against my expressed wishes , and you decide to pull a gun in a public place . Just out of curiosity , what were you thinking ? Back off ! Back off now ! Can I go see my wife ? She was just nearly kidnapped . What ... were ... You thinking ? I asked you a question . Can you try to tell us what you saw ? Yeah . I was saying goodbye . and Dylan Simcoe 's has been a patient of mine for a while . And ... the paramedics were loading him in . And that 's when I noticed ... - No Ambo ! - Something was wrong . We don 't have time for this . Well , they weren 't paramedics . I mean , they didn 't know what they were doing . Bill , can you get down here ? - Who 's Bill ? - Oh , the security guard . They shot him . They shot him . They just did it . And then they turned the gun at me . No , no , no ! Please , please , please , don 't hurt her . And that 's when Mark jumped in and got in the middle of it . Mark ? Lloyd . Sorry . I 'm tired . Lloyd Simcoe , he told them not to hurt me and that he 'd go with them . He saved my life . Some stranger tells me I 'm gonna put three bullets in my friend and .. I 'm not gonna invite ' m to a tea party . Are you trying to be cute ? At least I 'm not sitting on my hands , we still haven 't gone to Somalia . We can 't find D. Gibbons , and for some reason , we 're not using every resource available to us to find out who The Hell Suspect Zero is . Somalia is a war zone , and I 'm working to get us in . The Detroit Bureau is canvassing Michigan , looking for Suspect Zero , and we 've got Gibbons on the ten most wanted list , which is more than a miracle to pull off . So don 't you imply that I 'm not working with you here . Are you gonna find Lloyd ? This only happened cuz he came forward , did the right thing . Please find him . Your Bureau-Mandated therapist ... you see her three times a week , and when she thinks you 're up to it , we 'll talk about a reinstatement . # going in my lap and I push the cap # # and in the da back , climbing up , close my cap # # tango real nice in the back c.P. # # ' cause we will roll the top down # # it 's a fly on the street # # it 's a fly on the street # Excuse me ! I know America was a country founded by puritans , but is there really not a single beer in this entire place ? I think you got us confused with the A.T.F , Dr. Campos . What is it you 're doing here ? I 'm advising the office on all this scientific related to the investigation . Very scientific . That is classified . Not to me . Mark ... I can see working for the FBI is gonna be much more interesting than Academia . - Mark , it 's not what it looks like . - Not now . You 've been through enough . This can wait till later , let 's go home . Yeah . Bye , bye . It 's been eight hours since Simcoe was kidnapped , where are we ? We know it was a professional job , but there hasn 't been any kind of ransom demand . We can only theorize as to why he 's been taken , but considering how many people want him dead . Could be anyone . - What 's he doing here ? - Nice to see you too , Agent Noh . Agent Vogel has officially joined the Mosaic Task Force . Embrace it , Demetri . This is now an interagency investigation . I 've asked Dr. Campos to be here , his close association to Simcoe should be able ... To shed some light on our kidnappers . I suggest we cast a wider net ... Terrorists , anyone interested in future forcasting . If someone were able to master The Flash Forwards , they would be effectively printing their own money . I think we can all agree that the mind of Lloyd Simcoe is a priceless resource . Help ! Help ! Can anybody hear me ? No one can hear you . You 're dehydrated . You should replenish your electrolytes . You tell me what I need to know , and you can walk out of here right now . Who are you ? You actually don 't want to know the answer to that question . Go to hell . You have no idea what hell is , but I guess you 're gonna find out . From the outside , I looked the same after the blackout . But inside , I was different . We 've lived believing not knowing the future made life difficult . The truth is ... that it 's vastly more difficult knowing what lies before us . " But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat , for in the day that you eat of it , you shall surely die . " Mom ? Mom ? ... Mom ! Why would you do something like that ? You could have burned the whole house down ! What 's gotten into you ? - Sorry . - Whatever , she 's had breakfast . The nanny was late . You know , when you say you 're gonna be here , I need you to be here . It 's not my fault . She burned the bible this morning . What ? Might want to search the house again for matches or a lighter , whatever . The family bible ? Mom ! The challenge for us is to find the gift in what we saw . May not recognize it at first , but if we pay attention , it will reveal itself . What else am I gonna do ? Charlie 's at school , and it 's not like I play any golf . We didn 't get to talk last night , and I don 't want to not talk . I was saying goodbye to Lloyd . But what you saw in that videotape ... that was supposed to be an ending . I swear to God , it made me happy to think it was over . I 'm just glad you 're okay . That the thing , I 'm not . I haven 't been for a while , at work I 'm cold and I 'm distant , and then I come home ... And you and I I 've not been the easiest guy to come home too , I know , I 'm sorry . What if we just ran ? What if we just upped and moved away ? No , I mean it . I mean everything bad we saw was here in L.A. You 're serious about this ? Al Gough jumped off a building to save a woman 's life ... A woman he didn 't even know . There 's nothing I wouldn 't do to save our marriage . Come here . 9-1-1 . There 's a homeless man , he 's vomiting , he looks like He needs help , 838 Bauchet Street , by the train yards . Are you with the victim now , sir ? The call 's a hoax , real E.M.T.S responded , bad guys swapped themselves in . The ambulance company supplied us with this , and aside from the videotape , it 's the only lead we have on the kidnapping . Have you found the missing E.M.T.S ? We sent L.A.P.D. Detectives to that location , dead end . It 's just an empty rail yard south of downtown . And we haven 't located the ambulance , either . You outsourced this to the Los Angeles police department ? - It 's a local crime - That involves our investigation . - What about Lloyd 's laptop ? - What about it ? Well , I might be able to break through the encryption software , see who he was in contact with before he was taken , could help . Janis , take a security team , escort Dr. Campos to the Simcoe 's house . I want to talk to the detectives who canvassed that crime scene , thank you . Is this ... Suite 520 ? And you 're my 3 : 00 . Then why does it look like you 're leaving ? Because it 's 3 : 00 , and if I don 't get an Iced-Latte Stat , I 'm gonna need therapy . Agent Benford , for the past 12 years , my job has been to help people cope by helping them explore their past . But since the blackout , that 's all changed . The majority of people who are coming to see me are dealing with traumas from their future . So tell me what you saw . I saw myself off the wagon with guns pointed at me . What else do you remember ? That 's not enough trauma for you ? I 've seen your files . You 've got a God complex . I believe that you saw something in your Flash Forward , something that you might not even be conscious of , that 's making you believe that you 're the center of the universe , and I 'm not signing anything until we find out what that is . Next thing I knew , I was upside down , staring at a broken windshield and a bunch of oranges on the 110 . Okay , by my math , that doesn 't exactly add up to 2 minutes and 17 seconds . You 're not the first person to point that out . And you were drinking ? Can 't even remember half of it . Do you want to ? Cuz there has been some success using a modified calcineurin inhibitor To enhance people 's memories of their Flash Forwards . Using a drug to enhance memories . I don 't know . I don 't think a magical mystery tour Is the best way to go for someone in recovery . What are you afraid of ? Not much , in case you forgot , I chase down very bad people for a living . Not anymore you don 't . Call me when you want to continue treatment , I 'd be happy to see you . You go to the alley . Guard the back door . Could you get me a beer from the refrigerator , please ? We 're here as your security , Mr. Campos , not your servants . I 'm trying to brutalize force an encryption here , I don 't have time to get up . I have even less time for explicating why said request Should be obvious , so why don 't you toddle off , get me a beer ? It 'll help me cogitate . That means ... .. Think . That 's a big word for such a little man . I 'm wounded . But I still want my beer . Janis ! Get her on her side . You 're all right . You 're okay . Take it easy . - Where 's Simon ? - He 's gone , you 're the only one here . What happened ? There were two guys wearing masks ... Just like the ones on Mark 's board . Good . I found you . - But his father 's been kidnapped . - It 's not like he 's gonna live on the street . Social Services will take good care of him . This is my patient . You can 't release him . You signed the forms yesterday . We kept him overnight as a courtesy ... But come on ... We needs the beds . Yeah , but he 's developed a complication , his clot got worse . I didn 't realize you had X-ray vision . Well , guess we can close down Radiology Dylan , come here a second .. Dylan ? Hey , babe ? I 'm not gonna hurt you . Dylan ? Hey , hey , hey . Dylan , sweetie ? # the book hurled and swirled # # them into squirrly world # # to fight Finnegan the supershark # # and live out Tim Tim 's words # # oh , who know # how Tim Tim made ' em go ? # # I guess we 'll just have to watch # # " the Tim Tim and squirrlio show " # That 's right . # I guess you 'll just # # have to watch " the Tim Tim and squirrlio show " # # have to watch " the Tim Tim and squirrlio show " # # " Tim Tim and squirrlio show " # # " tim Tim and squirrlio show " # # " and squirrlio show " # Yeah , elevated heart rate , shortness of breath and ... Warm forehead , could be Sepsis . Are they gonna find my daddy , Olivia ? Yeah . Of course , they are . Oh , yeah . Like we 're gonna find an ambulance out here that the L.A.P.D couldn 't find . Good call . This is definitely not a waste of time . You know what ? I got a better idea Why don 't we ... Take out our guns and wave them around ? See what happens . Listen , what happened in Hong Kong ... - ... Should stay in Hong Kong ? - I was following a lead on my own murder . I know , but the thing you and Benford screwed up over there is so much bigger Than who might put 3 bullets in you on March 15th . For you , maybe . Come on . Do you think you 're the only one who didn 't have a Flash Forward . Who saw something , they wish they hadn 't ? Take some advice , you can cry . You can lie to your fiancee , Whatever . But sooner or later you better get it together , or else she 's gonna be Walking along that beach getting ready to marry somebody else . Don 't be stupid . There are people around you who know things you don 't . If you want to avoid being killed , you 're gonna need a better partner . Better than Mark Benford . What was that about a waste of time ? - I am so glad to see your shining face . - Really ? Yep , Mr. Michalski just woke up from surgery and we need someone to check on him . - Happy to . - Thanks . Wait ! Excuse me . I 'm ... I 'm sorry , I thought ... Thought you were someone else , sorry . In my Flash Forward , I only saw him for a second , but I 'm sure it was him . Well , I gave his description to security . I really want you to call that Detective friend of Mark 's . Detective Liefeld ? No , I gave him a description two months ago , I mean , this won 't be anything new . You never know what can help . You should call him . Okay . E.R , okay . I 'll see you later . It 's gonna be all right . Okay ? I keep trying to convince myself that this is a mistake ... You know , it 's just something that I don 't understand . But I ... I can 't keep walking around wondering if this guy 's gonna be behind every corner . Have you heard about Sanctuary ? Let me show you , I put these up everywhere . Here . Yeah , I 've seen these . The guy who leads it sees things in a Really positive way . You should check it out . He might be able to help . It doesn 't matter to me whether you were frightened by what you saw or excited . I 'll be the first to admit , I was totally confused by my Flash Forward . I wasn 't a religious person at all . I didn 't know what to do . But a voice said : " just keep moving forward " . So I created Sanctuary ... A place where we can be safe , were there is no threat , no danger . What do you think they 're after ? It 's the experiment at N.L.A.P , it 's gotta be , And clearly , I didn 't consider the repercussions of our announcement . Your announcement , Lloyd . I shouldn 't have implicated you and the rest of the staff . Spare me your whinging , Lloyd . I was Co-Director the project . I was on the hook the moment you opened your mouth , and as I 've said repeatedly , I do not think we were responsible for the blackout . Yeah , well , it would seem our captors would beg to differ . Yes . We do beg to differ . Sit , please . I have Emphysema . I contracted it through years of habitual smoking , disgusting proclivity , isn 't it ? Only villains smoke . We know this , right ? I 'm sorry ... You are ? You may call me Flosso . And I 'm a villain . Imagine ... a basket , the size of Montana . Now imagine said basket is filled with money . That is what my employers are paying me to ask you these questions . So at 11 : 00 A.M , on October 6th , you conducted a proton-driven plasma-wakefield experiment . It is my understanding that you were searching for Tachyonic Dark Matter . In the resulting particle collision , how much collision energy was generated ? I ... I don 't know . Are we talking about a billion electron volts ? I don 't know . How many electron volts were generated ? Perhaps I can help you with your inquiry . On October 6th , you were in Toronto burying your father , I believe . I 'm asking the man who actually pushed the button . You 're here for a different reason . So how many electron volts were generated ? I 'd rather die than tell you how to manufacture another blackout . - You think you caused it ? - I did . No , Dr. Simcoe , all the two of you did was amplify it , so again How many electron volts ? What you got ? No wounds , no ligature marks , so I 'm going with a poison of some kind . But I won 't know more until the toxology comes back . We found this . Might belong to one of the E.M.T.S. A leather case ? Fits a palm pre , but we didn 't find a phone . If the phone 's still in the ambulance , we can triangulate its position from its signal . Find the phone , find the ambulance . Find the ambulance , maybe find the guys who stole it . Find them , and they 'll get us to Simon and Lloyd . Just relax . You ever sit in a chair before ? Not like this one , no . Well , some people who 've had difficulty recalling their Flash Forwards have had real breakthroughs with this treatmt . So how about you tell me what changed your mind ? I 'm driving everyone around me ... Everyone I care about ... away ... Because I can 't deal with what my future might be . Was that really so hard to say ? You got no idea . Well , therapy is a lot like A.A. The first step in recovery is admitting you have a problem . This gonna hurt ? Truth always does a little . The man in my Flash Forward had a neck like an ox , smelled like a meat locker . Don 't know where I was or who the man was . I felt my thumbs on his trachea . I pushed down as hard as I could until I felt something snap . Then I let go . I can 't believe you 'd be capable of something like that . I guess mine 's a little bit more violent than yours . I 'm confused , In my Flash Forward , I ... I got a text message from you ... " Sorry , I have to make a call " I can 't remember that , I mean , obviously I couldn 't have sent you A text in the middle of what I was doing . Or maybe I sent you a text earlier , and you just retrieved it then . I don 't understand . Why don 't our futures match ? Because it 's a possible future . Clearly , you weren 't paying any attention to the story about the FBI Agent who committed suicide . Anything 's possible ... Vision or no vision . Lloyd , that 's pointless . They 're wire windows . They 've probably nailed them shut anyway . Touchee . I just need one person to walk by and look down . No , no , no , no . Wait , no ! Help ! Help ! You should start to feel a tingling sensation in your extremities . This is completely normal . Just relax , let the memories come . What ? I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball When I came crashing through . Go to hell , Lloyd . What did you see ? I was on the phone . Do you know who you were talking to ? Lloyd Simcoe . You dropped something . Let 's start again from the beginning . You were conducting an experiment In plasma-wakefield acceleration . Am I correct in that assumption ? I thought I made it clear I can 't tell you . Get th ... Lloyd ! Were you successful , Dr. Simcoe ? - Lloyd ! - All right , all right . Did your facility detect anything supraliminal ? This has nothing to do with Simon , why ? Was there any Cherenkov radiation ? I ... I can 't . Lloyd ! Help ! Lloyd ! Very well then . Let the wild rumpus begin . Hey , kiddo . Go back to sleep , babe . I was just checking in on you . I can 't , will you sing somewhere ? I think I exhausted my repertoire . I have to go home . I saved you this from my dinner . A cookie ? You did ? Thank you . Hey , Aaron . It 's Mark , I think I could use some help . # when you wish upon a star # # makes # who you are # # anything your heart desires # # will come to you # talk to me , man . What 's happened , Mark ? Why are you sitting here in your car in front of a bar ? It 's what 's gonna happen , right ? My therapist ... Gave me this drug ... to unlock the parts of my Flash Forward I couldn 't remember cuz I was drinking . It 's me . I need to talk to you . Well , this isn 't a good time . I was on the phone with Lloyd Simcoe . - Have you been drinking ? - Go to hell , Lloyd . I told him I ... I didn 't want to talk to him . Look , you have every right to hate me , but ... Listen , I don 't hate you , I just wish you were standing Behind the eight ball when I came crashing through . Fine , but we need to talk about the Q.E.D Sounded like we were working together . Listen I 'm not sure , It 's highly theoretical , but I 'm ... I 'm close to cracking it . Listen to me , close is not good enough . D. Gibbons told me about ... the man you call D. Gibbons lied to you . You need to hurry , we 're running out of time , unless we can stop this ... And then I told him ... There 's gonna be another blackout . Are you sure ? I 'm positive , there 's gonna be another blackout . If Simcoe saw the same thing you did , why 's he been sitting On this information the whole time ? Why hasn 't he come forward ? I don 't know , let 's find him and ask him . Let me back in , and I can track him . Look , go home , I 'm doing my best to get you reinstated , I promise . W ... What am I supposed to do till then ? You said you saw more clues from your vision . Work them ... But be quiet about it . All right . This business about another blackout ... Keep it to yourself . If we can 't tell the world when it 's going to happen , that 's beyond irresponsible . This is the number for one of our missing E.M.T.S , we 're hoping The phone might still be in the ambulance , can you track it for us ? Yeah . If the battery 's still got juice I can capture the signal And triangulate its position . How close can you get us ? To within 50 meters if it 's in the city . Great , let 's do it . I made it for you , Daddy . To cheer you up . Well , it worked . Thank you , Charlie . It 's beautiful . What 's all this ? It 's a giant puzzle ... Something I still haven 't figured out yet . When I do Jigsaw puzzles at Nana 's house , I always feel that way when she dumps the pieces out on the table . Yeah ? But we always start with the corners and work in . At least you know what they are , start with the corners , Daddy . Come here . Sometimes we feel God 's hand on the back of our neck pushing us towards something . And sometimes ... We feel totally abandoned , that 's normal . But just cuz you don 't feel something doesn 't mean it 's not there . How many people here have gotten sunburned on a cloudy day ? You didn 't think it was working on you , but it was . God 's love is just like that . working for your good , whether you are aware of it ... Or not . - Here you go - Thank you . - Sorry , I just had a question . - Sure . What about our responsibility before God ? Don 't we owe him something ? Like what ? Obedience ? I mean , we need to follow the rules that he sets out . And if we don 't ? We get punished . I ... I just don 't see how you can say that the blackout was good . And look at all the people that died , look at all the trouble it 's causing . Clearly , I 've upset you . Well , don 't you think ... In the very least , The Flash Forwards Were a wake-up call for us to get our act together before it 's too late ? I didn 't catch your name . Nicole . My name is Timothy . I 'd really like to keep talking with you , but if I don 't get out of here Before my hour 's up , I get charged . Well , thanks . There 's a coffee shop I like nearby . If you want to talk about it again later ... Red Panda provides humanitarian aid all around the World ... everything from micro-investments to education , we 've been extremely busy since the blackout . I 'm sure you can imagine . You said you do work all over the world . Yes , we grew out of D.H.S in the ' 90s ... You know , Demographic and Health Services . We 're in South America , the Middle East , the African subcontinent ... Somalia ? Was Red Panda there in ' 91 ? There was no Red Panda in 1991 . We weren 't chartered until ' 98 . And you send in , what ... Teams of people ? With clean water supplies , mostly . The warlords keep most everyone out , but , you know , humanitarian groups like us can get in . Is there anyone I could talk to about maybe ... Piggybacking on one of Red Panda 's trips ? Doubt it , not to be disrespectful , but most of the people Working here probably have police records as thick as the bible . We 're not like that anymore . Have a nice day , Agent Benford . You have to at least let me pay for your coffee . It 's okay , I didn 't have any plans anyway . I mean , it 's not like he 's scary or anything . I ... I just feel better if you 're here . I 'll be right here if you need me . Great , and can you see if you can get the change in pennies ? Can I buy you a cup of coffee ? That 's all right . I 'm getting one to go . Why don 't you tell me what upset you earlier ? In my Flash Forward , I was underwater , someone was drowning me . And in the end , I was dead . People ask me all the time to interpret what they saw , and I can 't . Ultimately , interpretation is your responsibility . How could my drowning be good ? What if you were being baptized ? Wouldn 't that be a good thing ? But then why was I struggling ? I 'm sorry to say ... I 've dropped more than one person in a full-immersion baptism ... Water gets up their nose , they freak out , slip away . - But I died . - Or fainted . My point here is that these visions are just a snapshot , You only see a small portion . Think of Jesus and his sacrifice . To his disciples , it was a tragedy cuz they couldn 't see the bigger picture . It 's a new reality for everyone who came after . Is that what you think is happening now ? It 's not Fate versus Freewill . It 's Fate and Freewill . But , I 'm just a super religious weirdo dude . You don 't have to believe anything I say . But every day , God puts something good in your life . Embrace it ... And let all the other stuff fall away . The challenge we face is recognizing that the answers to Our most burning questions may be right in front of us . You sure you don 't want to try our tofurky soy cheesesteak ? It 's on special . I 'm positive . I really wish I could have been more help to you But since I don 't even know what you 're looking for . Me neither , thanks anyway . Yeah , no problem . When did you guys change locations ? About a month ago , we had a fire during the blackout , luckily I got my money Before the insurance company went broke . Where was your old location ? Dr. Simcoe , how many electron volts were generated ? It 's a number , Dr. Simcoe ... an abstract object . I can 't sacrifice any more lives . Sacrifice is an interesting word . I appreciate its duality . It can be used as both a noun or a verb . One can take action , surrender , or give something up for something else . What ... What are you doing ? I , however , prefer the Greek noun form thusia , to indicate the object Itself that is sacrificed ... Meaning one 's family ... - Lloyd ? - ... Or the proverbial pound of flesh . No . No ! No ! No ! No ! Lloyd ! Tell them what they want , Lloyd ! ... I 'm not saying he 's bad . I just think most religion is a kind of club Designed to keep some people in and some people out . Well , if it makes you feel better about your life , what difference does it make ? Well , I 'm glad you 're feeling better . I just want you to be careful . You know what ? Maybe this wasn 't the best idea . You know , even when her medicine 's working , she 's ... Odd , and it 's unpredictable . Hey , I want to hang out . So there 's nothing to be afraid of . Okay ? All right , but if you wanna bail .. I totally understand . Mom , this is my friend Bryce . We work together at the hospital . Don 't touch my hair , you 'll scare the butterflies away . So this is the reason for all the pennies ? You brought pennies ? Yeah , I got a bunch today . You 're a doctor ? Yeah . I 've been struck by lightning six times . No Can I help with the wall ? Only use the ones marked 1989 . That 's the year that Nicole was born . Nice . This whole thing is a tribute to her . You never told me that . You never asked . Actually , we were just discussing a question that 's been bothering us ... .. Do you think God caused The Flash Forward ? Flash Forward ? So what ? People are crying about it . It 's not the end of the world . I have a hallucination every day , nobody gives a damn . And if you want to know about God , what some people call coincidence ... Is really God at work . That makes perfect sense . - Found one . - Glue 's right there . And start the music , will you ? Sure . Come on , girl . Show him how it 's done . # what # # you gonna do ? # # when # I come bearing gifts . Your son wears a size 4 shoe . His physical therapist 's name is Joanie . And finally ... These were taken before the blackout . We 've had your family under surveillance for quite some time . We got a lead on our missing quantum physicist . L.A.P.D. And S.W.A.T are backing us up . Where 'd you find him ? We tracked the ambulance to a restaurant that 's been abandoned since the blackout . Infrared 's catching four guys inside . You want in on the takedown ? Text me the address . If you care about your son , you will want to consider your next response very carefully . How ... Many ... Electron volts were generated ? C.E.R.N can generate up to 500 teraelectron volts , am I in the ballpark ? You 're ... You 're thinking too small . We cracked the peta-electron volt barrier . You generated more than a quadrillion electron volts ? Go ! Break it down ! And what about tachyonic dark matter ? Did you find it ? We came close . We found charge conjugation ... A certain breakdown in time symmetry . Now take your sides . - What have we got ? What have we got ? - Clear here ! Clean this up . Get rid of him . Take the stairs ! Take the stairs ! Bomb ! Go ! Go ! The bomb was keyed to 842.3 megahertz . That 's a bureau frequency . When we came rolling in here , our radios triggered the explosive . That 's not your everyday kidnappers . No . They 're sending a clear message Don 't go where you aren 't invited . Don 't go to Pigeon , Utah . Don 't go to Washington , D.C. But it occurs to me that if Mark saw them in his vision ... They saw him , too . Beginning on October 6th , they knew that you and Mark were at the center of this thing . How they plan on using that knowledge , that 's what we need to be thinking about . You 're ... Nicole 's friend from this afternoon . Bryce , we work together at the hospital . - Right , is she feeling better ? - She 's better , actually . That 's ... That 's the reason that I 'm here to talk to you tonight , look , she 's a great girl , and this ... This whole thing .. This .. This religion thing ... I 'm not quite sure what you 're selling here , but I just want to make sure she doesn 't get hurt . Well , I 'm not sure if you 'll believe me , Bryce , but I 'm not selling anything . I 'm just receiving a gift from God of a vision of myself on April 29th . What I saw opened me up to the idea that everyone 's purpose is to give and receive love , simple as that . My job is to give that message to as many people as possible . No one ever got hurt getting a little more love into their life . What are you afraid of ? God .. has put us in this place , at this time , to do something ! God is breaking into human history in a way that 's never happened before . And you ... You are right at the center of everything ! Go to hell , Lloyd . - Look , you have every right to hate me , but . Listen , I don 't hate you , I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball when I came crashing through . - Hey ! - Wait , wait , wait , wait . Word of advice ... Next time take the trigger finger . Let 's go ! Bring it back ! All right , check the V.T.L , see what we got on this guy anyway . Okay , hold it up right there . Yeah , right there . I was afraid this was my only chance . How the hell did you find us ? You called me . We were talking on the phone together in our Flash Forwards . Now it 's time for you to tell me everything . The painkiller I gave you should be taking effect . How are you feeling ? I 've been better . Well , that didn 't go quite as well as planned , did it ? I 'd give you the finger , but I 'm running out of ones to spare . I improvised , I had to . We weren 't getting any results , and we needed to direct suspicion away from you . I think we 've accomplished that for tonight , if nothing else . Forget it . I 'm done being your bitch . Really ? Then I suppose you won 't mind if I have a talk With the authorities about the man in this video . As of this moment , the world thinks you and Simcoe accidentally caused this blackout . What happens if they find out you were awake while it happened . " So we 'll go no more a roving , so late into the night , though the heart be still as loving And the moon be still as bright , for the sword outwears its sheath , and the soul wears out the breast , and the heart must pause to breathe ... " She 'll be okay . We all will . I can 't believe dad is gone . " We 'll go no more a roving by the light of the moon " OK , well I have to take care of the funeral home , but I 'll meet you back at the house , I won 't be long . It 's all right ... It 's all right . This isn 't the way to the funeral home . - You won 't be going there , Mr. Campos . - What are you talking about ? I have instructions to deliver you to the lakeside heliport . From there you will be airlifted to your final destination . I 'm in the middle of my father 's funeral . - What the hell is going on ? - I don 't know , I just drive . This ticket is yours . My boss will be contacting you . Go , team . For Detroit , second baseman , number 17 ... . Richie ... I 've just about had enough . Who the hell is this ? You don 't get to ask questions here . You 've been part of this since you were 13 . We 've given you a lot of leeway . In fact , we haven 't asked much of you over the years . Truth be told , you 've had it kind of easy . So now we want you to do exactly what we say . Get to your seat . We 're running out of time . Sit down . There 's a tub of popcorn in front of you , start eating . Yo , beer ! Heads-up ! Two . There 's a ring inside the box , put it on , put it on now , we 're running out of time . Beer here ! Sit down ! Whoo ! Fresh peanuts ! Fresh peanuts ! Attention , please , now batting for daniels ... Number 9 ... Yeah ? Now listen to my instructions . Walk into the nearest tunnel . Hello , son . What the hell is going on ? Give me the ring back . Follow me . Mr. Campos ? I need you in bed , please , now . Do you know how often I hear that ? Sit . What 's taking so long ? I was ready to leave six hours ago . You came in with a concussion , so we needed to keep you in for observation . Betty , I never knew you cared . Betty ? My pediatrician growing up . You remind me of her . - I had such a crush . - Ready , Sport ? Got your prescription filled at the pharmacy . Make sure you take all the doses . I do not need you as a bounce back . Yes , Betty . He is all yours . Hallelujah . The sheets are scratchy . The food is vile . I don 't like people watching me sleep . Is all this really necessary ? You were kidnapped and tortured . It 's for your own protection . Well , with all due respect , I can protect myself . With all due respect , you can 't . You are officially and indefinitely detained under investigation by the W.M.D , Director Within the FBI 's national security branch . I volunteered my services . And we appreciate that , but from now on , we own you . Am I under arrest ? I don 't know . Have you broken any laws ? Not unless it 's illegal to be kidnapped in front of your own son , beaten half to death and held captive , no . Well , I gotta hand it to him he found them . The guy 's a loose cannon . Loose cannon or not , Mark managed to do what the rest of us couldn 't ... On his own . Janis is bringing Campos back here from the hospital . When she does , we need to start double-teaming these two , then compare their stories . I know I 'm supposed to feel pity for you , Mr. Simcoe , but considering the circumstances , excuse me if I don 't , you 've known all this time there was gonna be another blackout . Why didn 't you step forward ? I don 't know what you want me to tell you , Agent Benford . Let 's start with the truth . How about this 20 million people died , possibly precipitated by something I did . I have a vision in which a drunk man tells me Another blackout is coming No further information , no context , no substantiation . Now you tell me ... Under the circumstances , what do you expect me to do ? How about contact the authorities , give them a little heads-up ? Well , like you did ! Why didn 't you come in here and tell your colleagues there was gonna be another blackout ? We 're talking about you here . Fine . April 29th the day of our visions ... You called me , and considering where you were , you had to have had a damn good reason . I need to know your side of things , and right now you 're not telling me everything . In fact , you 're not telling me anything . And now ... Technically you 're not under arrest right now . Good . Can I go then ? The day 's not over yet . When can I see Lloyd ? I need to talk to him ... Alone . Are you just not listening to me ? You 're not doing anything alone . He 'll be in debriefings all day . Well , can I go home first , at least ? Dude , you live in a hotel . It 's got this amazing shower , and it sprays water on you in all directions . And the towels ... White , Fluffy , warm . Are you serious ? Does that crap actually work on women ? My attempt is not to seduce but to disarm , in the physic sense . An unstable element transforms . I find that people are a little bit more honest when you ... Disarm them . What 's going on ? I don 't know , something 's weird ... Something weird . Want some water or something ? No , I 'm okay . I 'm okay . You 're definitely not OK . Penicillin . - You 're allergic ? - Yeah . - OK , Help ! - Anaphylactic ... Help ! OK , hold on . Hold on . Royal Toronto Flight 67 from London is now arriving at gate 122 ... Royal Toronto ... Really ? Did you really think you could leave the country without being noticed ? Country is such a loose term . It 's Canada . - Let 's go . - Where are we going ? Gate D-12 , they 're holding a Flight back to L.A. Look , I 'm tired of being told what to do , when to do it ... Being Being treated like a criminal ? Get used to it . You can 't make me go with you . Yeah , you 're right . I can 't , but they can . 24 hours in Toronto . That 's all I ask . - Come on . - Look , I 'm sorry about earlier . Really I am , but it 's important that I 'm here . More important than the global blackout ? Game over , Simon . There 's some personal stuff going on with my family . It 's ... It 's important . There 's some things going on . Listen , I 'm really sorry your sister ran away . - I am , but we can 't just let you leave . - How do you know about Annabelle ? Police reports , your mom 's been writing to her in the personals section of " the Globe and Mail . " You 're not the only one who 's good at their job . I said I would be here to help find her . Please . It 's important . Wedeck . It 's Janis , Sir . I 've got him . Good , now you get that squirrelly S.O.B back here ASAP . Actually , I 'd like to take a beat on that . I 'm listening . Well , he says he 's here cuz of his sister , but I think there 's more to it than that . This is just a hunch , but can I take 24 hours to play it out ? I 'll give you the night , but you make the damn sure You put a leash on that dog . Do you hear me ? - Yes . - Good . It 's too tight . It 's uncomfortable . Yeah , go further than 100 feet from me , and I 'll show you uncomfortable . Okay , hurry up , put your clothes on before I change my mind . You police types ... All about power and intimidation . I could have done this with my trousers on , you know . Yeah , well , my intent was to destabilize ... In the physics sense . Hurry up . Baby ! My God ! - What 's new ? - I 'm okay . I 'm okay . You look awful . Yes , I 'm all right , mom , this is my friend Janis . Hello . Janis , these are my brothers Graham , Adam . What 's happening ? You all right , man ? Yeah , I 'm good . Good to see you . All right , movie star . You should see the other guy . I was so proud to learn that Simon had joined the FBI . - I expect he 's been very helpful . - Yeah , he 's been very helpful . Hello ? Not now ... Reporters ... Still calling every day . They camped out on the lawn after the press conference . My Simon ... Such a celebrity ? So ... . Are you his secretary ? No . More of an associate , mom . After their father died , Annabelle was in shock . A few days later , the blackout hit . She left a note ... " Too much sadness at home " drove her away ... I drove her away . That 's not true . Don 't be so magniloquent . I don 't understandhalf of what he says , but he is a love ... always looked out for his baby sister , comes home every month to help us look for her . Were you close ? Yeah . She 's only 15 . I 'm gonna have a quick shower before we head out . - Cool rocks . - There 's a story behind them . He had a hard time when we first moved here . He was small for his age , and the neighborhood boys used to pick on him because of his accent . Well , he was older . He never lost it . And one day , they cornered him in the alley and beat him up bad , the head bully went to Sunday school 'round the corner , Simon marched right into the church and smashed the back of The kid 's head with a superman lunch box . He 'd filled it with them rocks , knocked the bully out cold . Those boys never bothered him again . Yeah , I 'll bet they didn 't . Simon 's always been a bit of an alien in this family ... Smarter than all of us , different . But it 's one thing gets from me , Bone trait that tells me he 's definitely my son ... Damn it . That boy never lets anyone push him around , he always gets even . Phillip ? It 's me , Simon . I know you 're there . I brought some sardines for Samantha from that fish market she likes . I also have a first-press 78 of " dark was the night , cold was the ground . " It 's blind Willie Johnson , Phillip . Simon Campos . Where the hell did you find a first-press 78 ? Hey ? you know , this song was ... Sent into space on the Voyager spacecraft ? If extraterrestrials have actually listened to it , they 're gonna think we 're a lot cooler than we really are . Why are you here , Simon ? I see the welsh archers have moved into their flanking position . Has Henry made his speech yet ? Yeah . " This story the good man shall teach his son , and crispin crispian shall never go by From this day to the ending of the world , but we in it ... We few , we happy few ... We few , we happy few , we band ... We band of brothers . " What ? I like Shakespeare . Seriously , you honestly think the FBI was gonna check your cell phone records So what 's it been ... Like , ten calls he 's made to you in the past couple of weeks ? Give or take . Well , whatever it is you have to say , it 's gotta be important enough for you to lie , manipulate ... - ... And evade the FBI , so please ... Continue . - That was quite a press conference ? Might have set particle physics research back a hundred years . Phillip , you are the only professor I have ever had who I know is smarter than I am . Do you think a particle accelerator could have generated some sort of ... decoherence wave ? Well , if your experiments at N.L.A.P Unleashed a tachyon burst , then yes Without a doubt , it could have caused human consciousness to Flash Forward in time as the wave moved through . So tell me , how would we build something to keep us in the here and now ? It 's impossible . No , it 's got to be possible . We have to anchor consciousness if another wave happens . - It 's simply a matter of finding a way . - Simon ... We have to protect ourselves from the effects of another blackout . Now there is nothing I can do about the 20 million who died on October 6th . Please help me save the millions who will die if this happens again . So in plain English , what exactly were you two talking about ? The design that I created that showed up in Somalia ... Phillip was my advisor on it . He mentored me all through my PHD , the man 's a genius . I need answers . Let 's just say the FBI doesn 't work at the speed I 'm accustomed to . Some might say that speaks to control issues . Some might , yeah . My therapist says control issues are rooted in fear . Your therapist is right . This is a gray area , and it terrifies me . This is nice . I eat a lot of takeout at my desk ... Alone . That 's sad , love ... Pretty girl like you . No boyfriend , no kids ? - I 'll get it , mom . - Thanks , love . Gotta watch that back . - Thank you . - You 're welcome . I don 't care about any big science job or the fact that he 's all over the TV . He 's still my baby , you know ? I remember kissing his scraped knees like it were yesterday . Motherhood 's crazy like that . Simon , be a dear and get that ? It 's a surprise ... Their uncle Teddy . Uncle Teddy . Simon , when I heard you were kidnapped , I was so worried . Thank God you 're okay . It 's a wonderful Cotes du Rhone from Saint-Gervais . Teddy 's always bringing us exotic wines back from his travels . Easy now , there are only 15 more bottles on the planet . I 'm self-medicating . So are you two brother and sister ? - Technically , I 'm a very distant cousin . - Teddy 's the reason we moved to Canada Really ? Actually , Simon 's the reason . The kid 's I.Q scores were off the charts , yet he was failing all his classes ... bored , obviously . We wanted to make sure his exceptional potential didn 't go to waste . He started at University of Toronto when he was only 13 . And that was followed by the youth physics fellowship , the PHD , the post-op at N. L.A.P ... . post-doc , not post-op , can we dispense with the " this is your life " episode , please ? You know , I never took time out to have kids of my own . - They 're such blessings . - Do you regret it ? Nah , I 've got these guys . I could never repay what they 've given me ... School plays , hockey games , birthday parties ... Shut up . Simon ! Everything I 've learned about family , I 've learned at this table . Pay no attention . This 's all a charade . - What is your problem ? - It 's all right , Red wine makes him mean . - His father was like that , too . - How dare you bring him up ? You have no right to . You were brought here to witness an experiment that will change humanity for all time ... An experiment that could not have been conducted without you . The only thing I 've worked on in the past years are At N.L.A.P , the experiment that occurred exactly 1 minute and 47 seconds ago . - What have you done ? - Probably killed millions of people . We expect backlash against those ultimately found responsible . What a coincidence that your father passed away just when we needed to create an alibi for you , Some kind of hunting accident , wasn 't it ? A private plane will take you back to Toronto now . The F.A.A. will not have a record of the Flight . One more thing . When people ask you what you saw in your Flash Forward , make up a story and stick to it . Hear that ? That is the sound of the whole world waking up . Mr. Flosso has a plan for every thought you 're thinking . A hunting accident . You gotta be careful with those shotguns . - Handle them wrong and ... - You killed him ? You killed my father . Now I got my killer story . Hello ? Oo , my God , come quick ! It 's your sister Annabelle ! - No way . - Where is she ? Simon ... That call , it 's not for you . This is FBI Agent Janis Hawk , badge number 30981 , I need to trace a call . - Everyone , hi , I 'm okay . - Where are you , baby ? I 'm in New York at port authority . I have a bus ticket . I want to come home . I want to come home . I love you . Why are you doing this ? You 've been accepting our help for 20 years . Surely you didn 't think that it came without a price . You asked me to give you data , to tell you when we were running the experiment , that 's all . Killing my father , taking Annabelle ... That was never part of the deal . The deal is whatever we say it is , and right now we need you to cooperate . Annabelle is just insurance . Let 's go for a little walk , shall we ? It was the ring that kept me awake , wasn 't it ? Some sort of quantum entanglement device . What do I know ? I 'm just a middleman . I think you do know . What I 'm still trying to work out is why you 'd cause a blackout in the first place . It doesn 't matter . What does is that you continue doing what you 're told . And don 't think your professor can help . You killed him . This is your last warning . Cross us again and we 'll start shipping Annabelle back to you piece by piece . No . I 'm calling your bluff . You need me . Otherwise I wouldn 't be alive right now . I want to talk to the people pulling the strings . - That 's not gonna happen . - See , I think it will , 'cause I 'm sending them a message , and the message ... Is you . You have no idea , what you 're doing ! Sure I do . I 'm cutting out the middleman . Too bad about your Emphysema . It 's gonna make this ... Oo so easy . Your cardiac output is starving your heart and brain of valuable oxygen . Finally ... Cardiac arrest . The bruises on your chest , just my futile attempt at C.P.R. This is for my father ... You pathetic , son of a .. bitch . I never get pushed around ... And I always get even .
