 NARRATOR : Ancient monuments precisely aligned to celestial events . precisely aligned to celestial events . History written in stone events . History written in stone honoring otherworldly rulers . History written in stone honoring otherworldly rulers . And a calendar accurately honoring otherworldly rulers . And a calendar accurately predicting shifts in the Earth 's And a calendar accurately predicting shifts in the Earth 's axis every 26,000 years . predicting shifts in the Earth 's axis every 26,000 years . Did the Maya of Central America axis every 26,000 years . Did the Maya of Central America really create one of the most Did the Maya of Central America really create one of the most advanced civilizations of really create one of the most advanced civilizations of ancient time ? advanced civilizations of ancient time ? Or did their intelligence ancient time ? Or did their intelligence originate from somewhere else , Or did their intelligence originate from somewhere else , perhaps out of this world ? originate from somewhere else , perhaps out of this world ? MARK VAN STONE : They perhaps out of this world ? MARK VAN STONE : They didn 't have metal . MARK VAN STONE : They didn 't have metal . They didn 't have electricity . didn 't have metal . They didn 't have electricity . But what they did have is They didn 't have electricity . But what they did have is advanced mythology , advanced But what they did have is advanced mythology , advanced language and advanced religious advanced mythology , advanced language and advanced religious culture . language and advanced religious culture . JON C. LOHSE : They culture . JON C. LOHSE : They understood astronomy to an JON C. LOHSE : They understood astronomy to an incredible degree , more so than understood astronomy to an incredible degree , more so than any societies at the time . incredible degree , more so than any societies at the time . PHILIP COPPENS : The Mayans any societies at the time . PHILIP COPPENS : The Mayans were absolutely convinced that PHILIP COPPENS : The Mayans were absolutely convinced that timing was crucial , because the were absolutely convinced that timing was crucial , because the gods were going to come back . timing was crucial , because the gods were going to come back . DAVID CHILDRESS : Lord Pakal 's gods were going to come back . DAVID CHILDRESS : Lord Pakal 's sarcophagus was his spaceship . DAVID CHILDRESS : Lord Pakal 's sarcophagus was his spaceship . He 's the original rocket man . sarcophagus was his spaceship . He 's the original rocket man . NARRATOR : Millions of people He 's the original rocket man . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , did they plot the to shape our history ? And if so , did they plot the success and demise of the And if so , did they plot the success and demise of the ancient Maya civilization ? NARRATOR : Southern Mexico . Surrounded by dense forests in the foothills of the Tumbala Surrounded by dense forests in the foothills of the Tumbala Mountains lie the ruins of the the foothills of the Tumbala Mountains lie the ruins of the ancient Mayan city of Palenque . Mountains lie the ruins of the ancient Mayan city of Palenque . Established as early as 1800 BC , ancient Mayan city of Palenque . Established as early as 1800 BC , Palenque was one of the key Established as early as 1800 BC , Palenque was one of the key population centers of the Palenque was one of the key population centers of the ancient Maya civilization that population centers of the ancient Maya civilization that dominated present-day Central ancient Maya civilization that dominated present-day Central America for nearly 2,000 years . Without metal tools , the wheel or pack animals , the Maya built cities like Palenque across a or pack animals , the Maya built cities like Palenque across a vast region with incredible cities like Palenque across a vast region with incredible architectural precision . EDWIN BARNHART : There are a number of texts around the are a number of texts around the Maya world that mention four Maya world that mention four cities in association with four cities in association with four directions . directions . Palenque is recognized in these Palenque is recognized in these texts as the Western capital of texts as the Western capital of the Maya world . the Maya world . The southern one was Copan , the The southern one was Copan , the eastern one was Tikal , and the eastern one was Tikal , and the northernmost one was Calakmul . northernmost one was Calakmul . VAN STONE : What I find the VAN STONE : What I find the most impressive about them is most impressive about them is that they were able to build a that they were able to build a civilization out of the jungle . civilization out of the jungle . Jungles have really thin Jungles have really thin topsoil , and for them to be able topsoil , and for them to be able to support a huge population , to support a huge population , which is 20 or 30 times what the which is 20 or 30 times what the population is in that area population is in that area today , is amazing . NARRATOR : Regarded by scholars as one of the most sophisticated and complex scholars as one of the most sophisticated and complex civilizations in the ancient sophisticated and complex civilizations in the ancient world , Maya triumphs included civilizations in the ancient world , Maya triumphs included numerous scientific achievements world , Maya triumphs included numerous scientific achievements in agriculture , engineering and numerous scientific achievements in agriculture , engineering and astronomy . in agriculture , engineering and astronomy . VAN STONE : They didn 't have a astronomy . VAN STONE : They didn 't have a lot of things that we think of VAN STONE : They didn 't have a lot of things that we think of as the hallmarks of advancement , lot of things that we think of as the hallmarks of advancement , but what they did have is as the hallmarks of advancement , but what they did have is advanced mythology , advanced but what they did have is advanced mythology , advanced language and advanced religious advanced mythology , advanced language and advanced religious culture . language and advanced religious culture . CHILDRESS : The site of culture . CHILDRESS : The site of Palenque is still a vast CHILDRESS : The site of Palenque is still a vast unexcavated site . They think that only ten percent of this city has so far been of this city has so far been excavated by archaeologists . excavated by archaeologists . The aqueduct system here at The aqueduct system here at Palenque was very sophisticated , and the Mayans were actually Palenque was very sophisticated , and the Mayans were actually able to have water pressure by and the Mayans were actually able to have water pressure by siphoning water channels off of able to have water pressure by siphoning water channels off of the main river . siphoning water channels off of the main river . All the Mayan cities had ball the main river . All the Mayan cities had ball courts in them where they 'd play All the Mayan cities had ball courts in them where they 'd play this celestial game where the courts in them where they 'd play this celestial game where the players would knock a rubber this celestial game where the players would knock a rubber ball through a stone or wooden players would knock a rubber ball through a stone or wooden hoop . ball through a stone or wooden hoop . It 's thought that this is a hoop . It 's thought that this is a representation of alignments of It 's thought that this is a representation of alignments of the sun . COPPENS : When you start looking at all the various looking at all the various cultures , whether it is the cultures , whether it is the ancient Babylonians , the ancient ancient Babylonians , the ancient Egyptians or the Mayans , we now Egyptians or the Mayans , we now know that the people who were know that the people who were by far the most advanced was by far the most advanced was the Mayans . the Mayans . NARRATOR : According to NARRATOR : According to mainstream historians , by the ninth century , the great Maya mainstream historians , by the ninth century , the great Maya cities were abandoned , and the ninth century , the great Maya cities were abandoned , and the Maya people had vanished . But why ? Many blame the disappearance of the Maya on war , overpopulation Many blame the disappearance of the Maya on war , overpopulation and drought . the Maya on war , overpopulation and drought . ( thunderclap ) and drought . ( thunderclap ) But might the Maya have left ( thunderclap ) But might the Maya have left behind clues to suggest that But might the Maya have left behind clues to suggest that their origin and destiny had behind clues to suggest that their origin and destiny had been plotted by otherworldly their origin and destiny had been plotted by otherworldly forces ? 1952 . Archaeologist Alberto Lhuillier discovers the Pyramid Tomb of Archaeologist Alberto Lhuillier discovers the Pyramid Tomb of King Pakal who ruled over the discovers the Pyramid Tomb of King Pakal who ruled over the ancient Mayan city of Palenque King Pakal who ruled over the ancient Mayan city of Palenque from 615 to 683 . ancient Mayan city of Palenque from 615 to 683 . During his nearly 70-year reign , from 615 to 683 . During his nearly 70-year reign , Pakal transformed Palenque , During his nearly 70-year reign , Pakal transformed Palenque , creating some of the most Pakal transformed Palenque , creating some of the most significant inscriptions and creating some of the most significant inscriptions and monuments of the ancient Maya significant inscriptions and monuments of the ancient Maya civilization . GERARDO ALDANA : The city of Palenque was sacked by city of Palenque was sacked by the ruler of Calakmul . the ruler of Calakmul . So this was really tragic for So this was really tragic for the city itself . the city itself . And it sets the stage for Hanab And it sets the stage for Hanab Pakal himself , who becomes king at a very early age , and then Pakal himself , who becomes king at a very early age , and then takes this city that 's been at a very early age , and then takes this city that 's been destroyed , and now brings it up takes this city that 's been destroyed , and now brings it up to what becomes one of the most destroyed , and now brings it up to what becomes one of the most important cities of the late to what becomes one of the most important cities of the late classic period . CHILDRESS : This is the famous Temple of the Inscriptions behind me , perhaps the most Temple of the Inscriptions behind me , perhaps the most famous pyramid in all of the behind me , perhaps the most famous pyramid in all of the Mayan world . famous pyramid in all of the Mayan world . It was in 1948 that the French - Mayan world . It was in 1948 that the French - Mexican archeologist , Alberto It was in 1948 that the French - Mexican archeologist , Alberto Lhuillier began his excavations Mexican archeologist , Alberto Lhuillier began his excavations at the top of the Temple of Lhuillier began his excavations at the top of the Temple of Inscriptions . at the top of the Temple of Inscriptions . What he found there was the Inscriptions . What he found there was the famous staircase leading down What he found there was the famous staircase leading down into the depths of the pyramid . famous staircase leading down into the depths of the pyramid . But the staircase was completely into the depths of the pyramid . But the staircase was completely filled in with rubble of small But the staircase was completely filled in with rubble of small stones and dirt . filled in with rubble of small stones and dirt . It took him four years to slowly stones and dirt . It took him four years to slowly excavate , step by step , down the It took him four years to slowly excavate , step by step , down the pyramid , until he finally came excavate , step by step , down the pyramid , until he finally came to the tomb of Lord Pakal and pyramid , until he finally came to the tomb of Lord Pakal and the giant sarcophagus and lid to the tomb of Lord Pakal and the giant sarcophagus and lid that the pyramid were built the giant sarcophagus and lid that the pyramid were built around . NARRATOR : Arguably the most remarkable Mayan artifact ever found- - the stone Sarcophagus remarkable Mayan artifact ever found- - the stone Sarcophagus Lid of King Pakal- - has produced found- - the stone Sarcophagus Lid of King Pakal- - has produced considerable controversy . Lid of King Pakal- - has produced considerable controversy . Mainstream scholars believe the considerable controversy . Mainstream scholars believe the depiction is of King Pakal on a Mainstream scholars believe the depiction is of King Pakal on a journey to the underworld . depiction is of King Pakal on a journey to the underworld . But ancient astronaut theorists journey to the underworld . But ancient astronaut theorists believe the king is portrayed But ancient astronaut theorists believe the king is portrayed seated at the controls of a believe the king is portrayed seated at the controls of a spacecraft , and have dubbed him seated at the controls of a spacecraft , and have dubbed him " the Palenque astronaut . " CHILDRESS : He appears to be going into space . He 's the original rocket man ... going into space . He 's the original rocket man ... there manipulating his He 's the original rocket man ... there manipulating his spacecraft , going into space . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : We have maintained for a very long time maintained for a very long time that the depiction here is of that the depiction here is of King Pakal sitting in some type King Pakal sitting in some type of a spacecraft , because he is of a spacecraft , because he is at an angle- - like modern-day at an angle- - like modern-day astronauts upon liftoff . astronauts upon liftoff . He 's manipulating some controls He 's manipulating some controls right here . right here . He has some type of breathing He has some type of breathing apparatus or some type of a apparatus or some type of a telescope in front of his face . telescope in front of his face . His feet are on some type of a His feet are on some type of a pedal , and down here , you have pedal , and down here , you have something that looks like an something that looks like an exhaust with flames . NARRATOR : In 2011 the strange carving on King Pakal 's carving on King Pakal 's sarcophagus lid was translated sarcophagus lid was translated into a 3-D replica by model into a 3-D replica by model maker Paul Francis . maker Paul Francis . PAUL FRANCIS : When I saw PAUL FRANCIS : When I saw this , I instantly said , " There 's this , I instantly said , " There 's a guy in a space capsule . " a guy in a space capsule . " You know , it doesn 't need to be You know , it doesn 't need to be spelled out for me , I don 't have spelled out for me , I don 't have to find anything . to find anything . It was already there . It was already there . It was carved many , many years It was carved many , many years ago . ago . TSOUKALOS : I think this is TSOUKALOS : I think this is absolutely extraordinary because absolutely extraordinary because this is definitely one of the this is definitely one of the most compelling pieces in the most compelling pieces in the ancient astronaut theory , and to ancient astronaut theory , and to finally see Pakal as a 3-D finally see Pakal as a 3-D sculpture , to me , is a dream sculpture , to me , is a dream come true . come true . For the longest time we have For the longest time we have said that what is on this Pakal lid is not something symbolic . said that what is on this Pakal lid is not something symbolic . It was something that the artist lid is not something symbolic . It was something that the artist saw or was told about , and then It was something that the artist saw or was told about , and then he or she tried to recreate this saw or was told about , and then he or she tried to recreate this on a slab . he or she tried to recreate this on a slab . I love the craftsmanship . on a slab . I love the craftsmanship . I love how you , you know , at the I love the craftsmanship . I love how you , you know , at the bottom of the Palenque slab , you I love how you , you know , at the bottom of the Palenque slab , you see something like the flames ... bottom of the Palenque slab , you see something like the flames ... FRANCIS : It looks like , it see something like the flames ... FRANCIS : It looks like , it looks like fire , and ... FRANCIS : It looks like , it looks like fire , and ... TSOUKALOS : Exactly . looks like fire , and ... TSOUKALOS : Exactly . FRANCIS : ... I had to do a TSOUKALOS : Exactly . FRANCIS : ... I had to do a little interpretive . FRANCIS : ... I had to do a little interpretive . I put engine bells on instead of little interpretive . I put engine bells on instead of the flame . I put engine bells on instead of the flame . TSOUKALOS : Of course . the flame . TSOUKALOS : Of course . FRANCIS : But that 's the TSOUKALOS : Of course . FRANCIS : But that 's the thruster stage . FRANCIS : But that 's the thruster stage . TSOUKALOS : I also love the thruster stage . TSOUKALOS : I also love the detail that you have underneath TSOUKALOS : I also love the detail that you have underneath his right foot where his foot is detail that you have underneath his right foot where his foot is resting on a pedestal , and that his right foot where his foot is resting on a pedestal , and that is exactly what we can see on resting on a pedestal , and that is exactly what we can see on the Palenque slab . is exactly what we can see on the Palenque slab . And how his hands are the Palenque slab . And how his hands are manipulating some controls , and And how his hands are manipulating some controls , and also this kind of breathing manipulating some controls , and also this kind of breathing apparatus that 's going on in also this kind of breathing apparatus that 's going on in front of his nose . apparatus that 's going on in front of his nose . FRANCIS : The breathing front of his nose . FRANCIS : The breathing apparatus is actually a very FRANCIS : The breathing apparatus is actually a very neat piece . apparatus is actually a very neat piece . It 's called the giver of life . neat piece . It 's called the giver of life . The soul transfers through this , It 's called the giver of life . The soul transfers through this , and a giver of life to me would The soul transfers through this , and a giver of life to me would be air . and a giver of life to me would be air . I mean , we breathe air . be air . I mean , we breathe air . This is a guy who needs this I mean , we breathe air . This is a guy who needs this mask to survive . This is a guy who needs this mask to survive . TSOUKALOS : Because where is mask to survive . TSOUKALOS : Because where is he ? TSOUKALOS : Because where is he ? FRANCIS : Outer space . he ? FRANCIS : Outer space . NARRATOR : Could the carving FRANCIS : Outer space . NARRATOR : Could the carving on the sarcophagus lid of King NARRATOR : Could the carving on the sarcophagus lid of King Pakal really provide on the sarcophagus lid of King Pakal really provide confirmation of the complicity Pakal really provide confirmation of the complicity between Maya rulers and confirmation of the complicity between Maya rulers and extraterrestrial forces , as between Maya rulers and extraterrestrial forces , as ancient astronaut theorists extraterrestrial forces , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? ancient astronaut theorists believe ? Perhaps further evidence can be believe ? Perhaps further evidence can be found etched in stone throughout Perhaps further evidence can be found etched in stone throughout Mesoamerica . NARRATOR : The Palace of Palenque . Discovered in the late 18th Palenque . Discovered in the late 18th century by Spanish explorers , Discovered in the late 18th century by Spanish explorers , this royal compound is the century by Spanish explorers , this royal compound is the largest and most complex of this royal compound is the largest and most complex of those found in the ancient city . largest and most complex of those found in the ancient city . Researchers believe a four-story those found in the ancient city . Researchers believe a four-story tower in the middle of the Researchers believe a four-story tower in the middle of the palace was built so Mayan kings tower in the middle of the palace was built so Mayan kings and priests could observe the palace was built so Mayan kings and priests could observe the celestial movement of the sun and priests could observe the celestial movement of the sun and stars . CHILDRESS : This is the main palace here at Palenque , and one palace here at Palenque , and one of the unusual features is its of the unusual features is its observatory , a huge tower to observatory , a huge tower to watch the stars . watch the stars . Also throughout the palace are Also throughout the palace are these unusual T-shaped windows and they 've baffled these unusual T-shaped windows and they 've baffled archaeologists for centuries . and they 've baffled archaeologists for centuries . It 's thought that perhaps they archaeologists for centuries . It 's thought that perhaps they represent the wind god , but it 's It 's thought that perhaps they represent the wind god , but it 's also possible that these represent the wind god , but it 's also possible that these T-shaped windows are pointing to also possible that these T-shaped windows are pointing to the sky . T-shaped windows are pointing to the sky . What was it that the rulers of the sky . What was it that the rulers of Palenque were looking for ? NARRATOR : The tower at the Palace of Palenque is just one of many celestial observatories Palace of Palenque is just one of many celestial observatories built throughout the ancient of many celestial observatories built throughout the ancient Maya territories . LOHSE : Their practical system of astronomy was an of astronomy was an observational one , and so the observational one , and so the design and construction of a lot design and construction of a lot of buildings was intended to , to of buildings was intended to , to create these sight lines , to create these sight lines , to create these vantages for create these vantages for observation to see and mark observation to see and mark important astronomical events . important astronomical events . COPPENS : We see that temples COPPENS : We see that temples were aligned to specific moments were aligned to specific moments in time , and the equinoxes and in time , and the equinoxes and the solstices are the most the solstices are the most important moments in time , so important moments in time , so wherever we look , we see how wherever we look , we see how this knowledge of astronomy is this knowledge of astronomy is incorporated into these incorporated into these monuments . monuments . DAVID CHEETHAM : Plazas were DAVID CHEETHAM : Plazas were great places where people stood great places where people stood and paid reverence to particular and paid reverence to particular times of the year . times of the year . These were places that were These were places that were aligned from time immemorial- - aligned from time immemorial- - hundreds and hundreds of years- - hundreds and hundreds of years- - to make these specific to make these specific observations . NARRATOR : But what- - or perhaps who- - were the Maya perhaps who- - were the Maya looking for in the sky ? looking for in the sky ? According to ancient astronaut According to ancient astronaut theorists , the answer can be theorists , the answer can be found carved in stone . found carved in stone . TSOUKALOS : In Quiriguá , TSOUKALOS : In Quiriguá , Guatemala , there is a national Guatemala , there is a national park featuring zoomorphs . park featuring zoomorphs . Zoomorphs are these giant Zoomorphs are these giant boulders that were carved into different shapes . boulders that were carved into different shapes . Some of them depict crocodiles , different shapes . Some of them depict crocodiles , some of them depict turtles , but Some of them depict crocodiles , some of them depict turtles , but at the same time , the carvings some of them depict turtles , but at the same time , the carvings are very reminiscent of at the same time , the carvings are very reminiscent of something technological in are very reminiscent of something technological in nature . In fact , there is one boulder that we can see where this guy is essentially sitting inside that we can see where this guy is essentially sitting inside some type of cockpit . is essentially sitting inside some type of cockpit . Is it possible that this is some type of cockpit . Is it possible that this is nothing else but an artist 's Is it possible that this is nothing else but an artist 's rendering of something that they nothing else but an artist 's rendering of something that they didn 't understand because their rendering of something that they didn 't understand because their technological frame of reference didn 't understand because their technological frame of reference was less advanced than our technological frame of reference was less advanced than our technological frame of reference was less advanced than our technological frame of reference we have today ? NARRATOR : In the present-day Mexican state of Tabasco , near the Gulf of Mexico , lie the Mexican state of Tabasco , near the Gulf of Mexico , lie the ruins of a ceremonial center the Gulf of Mexico , lie the ruins of a ceremonial center called La Venta . ruins of a ceremonial center called La Venta . Here in 1862 , oil riggers called La Venta . Here in 1862 , oil riggers discovered four very large stone Here in 1862 , oil riggers discovered four very large stone heads in the Olmec area of the discovered four very large stone heads in the Olmec area of the ancient Maya territories . Since then , archaeologists have unearthed 13 more similar sculptures that were carved as unearthed 13 more similar sculptures that were carved as early as 850 BC . sculptures that were carved as early as 850 BC . Known as the colossal heads , early as 850 BC . Known as the colossal heads , scholars believe they depict the Known as the colossal heads , scholars believe they depict the Olmecs- - an ancient civilization scholars believe they depict the Olmecs- - an ancient civilization that many consider to be the Olmecs- - an ancient civilization that many consider to be the ancestors of the Maya . that many consider to be the ancestors of the Maya . LOHSE : One of the most ancestors of the Maya . LOHSE : One of the most striking aspects of Olmec art LOHSE : One of the most striking aspects of Olmec art and archaeology are these striking aspects of Olmec art and archaeology are these colossal head sculptures , and and archaeology are these colossal head sculptures , and one of the hypotheses that 's colossal head sculptures , and one of the hypotheses that 's been put out to explain these is one of the hypotheses that 's been put out to explain these is that they were portraits of been put out to explain these is that they were portraits of important rulers , kings , that they were portraits of important rulers , kings , shamans , important people in important rulers , kings , shamans , important people in their society . shamans , important people in their society . NARRATOR : But ancient their society . NARRATOR : But ancient astronaut theorists contend the NARRATOR : But ancient astronaut theorists contend the mysterious stone statues are astronaut theorists contend the mysterious stone statues are proof of extraterrestrial mysterious stone statues are proof of extraterrestrial intervention in the distant proof of extraterrestrial intervention in the distant past . PETER FIEBAG ( translated ) : Huge stone heads were found in Huge stone heads were found in the Olmec area , which were the Olmec area , which were beautifully made but then beautifully made but then ritually buried . ritually buried . One asks , what is that ? One asks , what is that ? Are these heads of rulers or priests , or were they maybe Are these heads of rulers or priests , or were they maybe aliens that they wanted to priests , or were they maybe aliens that they wanted to portray because they had unusual aliens that they wanted to portray because they had unusual facial features ? portray because they had unusual facial features ? CHILDRESS : These guys are facial features ? CHILDRESS : These guys are often wearing strange helmets , CHILDRESS : These guys are often wearing strange helmets , and they look to be foreigners . often wearing strange helmets , and they look to be foreigners . They appear to be from Africa and they look to be foreigners . They appear to be from Africa and the Middle East and other They appear to be from Africa and the Middle East and other areas like that . and the Middle East and other areas like that . So what are they doing here in areas like that . So what are they doing here in Central America ? So what are they doing here in Central America ? You have this curious mix of Central America ? You have this curious mix of different racial groups . You have this curious mix of different racial groups . Are they coming with the sky different racial groups . Are they coming with the sky gods ? Are they coming with the sky gods ? Perhaps they , too , are the alien gods ? Perhaps they , too , are the alien ETs . Perhaps they , too , are the alien ETs . TSOUKALOS : There is one ETs . TSOUKALOS : There is one statue that we can find that TSOUKALOS : There is one statue that we can find that clearly shows an Olmec wearing statue that we can find that clearly shows an Olmec wearing some type of a flight suit . clearly shows an Olmec wearing some type of a flight suit . To me , this depicts nothing else some type of a flight suit . To me , this depicts nothing else but someone from Africa having To me , this depicts nothing else but someone from Africa having visited Central America in a but someone from Africa having visited Central America in a type of a flight suit and with visited Central America in a type of a flight suit and with some type of craft . type of a flight suit and with some type of craft . You 've got the legs here like in some type of craft . You 've got the legs here like in a modern-day astronaut suit , and You 've got the legs here like in a modern-day astronaut suit , and there 's also some type of a life a modern-day astronaut suit , and there 's also some type of a life support pack that 's on his there 's also some type of a life support pack that 's on his chest . support pack that 's on his chest . There are six wings and the head chest . There are six wings and the head is clearly enclosed by a There are six wings and the head is clearly enclosed by a skullcap similar to modern-day is clearly enclosed by a skullcap similar to modern-day astronauts . skullcap similar to modern-day astronauts . So what we have here , in my astronauts . So what we have here , in my opinion , is nothing else but So what we have here , in my opinion , is nothing else but depictions of physical opinion , is nothing else but depictions of physical extraterrestrial encounters depictions of physical extraterrestrial encounters hundreds- - and yes , even extraterrestrial encounters hundreds- - and yes , even thousands- - of years ago . CHILDRESS : There is considerable evidence linking the Mayans and the Olmecs to considerable evidence linking the Mayans and the Olmecs to extraterrestrial beings . the Mayans and the Olmecs to extraterrestrial beings . You have it in La Venta- - many extraterrestrial beings . You have it in La Venta- - many of the Olmecs wearing curious You have it in La Venta- - many of the Olmecs wearing curious masks . of the Olmecs wearing curious masks . Also at Tikal , they 're wearing masks . Also at Tikal , they 're wearing what look like space masks with Also at Tikal , they 're wearing what look like space masks with respirators . You 've got also flying beings who are hovering above certain objects and things like that in who are hovering above certain objects and things like that in the Mayan world . objects and things like that in the Mayan world . These are the birdmen , the the Mayan world . These are the birdmen , the people who can fly . NARRATOR : But do the stone sculptures really provide proof that the Maya had early contact sculptures really provide proof that the Maya had early contact with star travelers , as ancient that the Maya had early contact with star travelers , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? And might further evidence reveal a shocking truth , that some ancient Maya rulers were reveal a shocking truth , that some ancient Maya rulers were themselves of otherworldly some ancient Maya rulers were themselves of otherworldly origin ? NARRATOR : Central America . Here , in western Honduras , lie the impressive ruins of the Here , in western Honduras , lie the impressive ruins of the ancient Maya city of Copan . the impressive ruins of the ancient Maya city of Copan . And though Copan 's temples , ancient Maya city of Copan . And though Copan 's temples , pyramids and monuments rank And though Copan 's temples , pyramids and monuments rank among the most important of any pyramids and monuments rank among the most important of any Mayan sites , researchers looking among the most important of any Mayan sites , researchers looking to explain the incredible Mayan sites , researchers looking to explain the incredible achievements of the Maya have to explain the incredible achievements of the Maya have been drawn to a 72-step achievements of the Maya have been drawn to a 72-step structure known as the been drawn to a 72-step structure known as the Hieroglyphic Stairway . PAYSON SHEETS : The Hieroglyphic Stairway at Copan Hieroglyphic Stairway at Copan was constructed in the early was constructed in the early 700s AD with the intent of 700s AD with the intent of writing out the history of Copan writing out the history of Copan at that time . at that time . And so it was designed as a And so it was designed as a public monument to the glory and success of all the kings , from public monument to the glory and success of all the kings , from Yax K 'uk Mo ' , all the way to the success of all the kings , from Yax K 'uk Mo ' , all the way to the 13th one who commissioned it to Yax K 'uk Mo ' , all the way to the 13th one who commissioned it to be built . 13th one who commissioned it to be built . NARRATOR : Carved into 1,200 be built . NARRATOR : Carved into 1,200 stones in the massive monument , NARRATOR : Carved into 1,200 stones in the massive monument , the ancient Maya symbols , known stones in the massive monument , the ancient Maya symbols , known as glyphs , make up what the ancient Maya symbols , known as glyphs , make up what historians believe is one of the as glyphs , make up what historians believe is one of the oldest and most sophisticated historians believe is one of the oldest and most sophisticated systems of writing . oldest and most sophisticated systems of writing . But for centuries , the glyphs systems of writing . But for centuries , the glyphs found throughout Mesoamerica But for centuries , the glyphs found throughout Mesoamerica were undecipherable . Then , in 1880 , German librarian and anthropologist Ernst Forstemann cracked the code . VAN STONE : Ernst Forstemann was a librarian at Dresden . was a librarian at Dresden . And in his desk he kept one of And in his desk he kept one of the four Maya books , the Dresden the four Maya books , the Dresden Codex . Codex . He was a brilliant mathematician He was a brilliant mathematician and extremely logical and had and extremely logical and had enormous insights . enormous insights . And at a time when we couldn 't And at a time when we couldn 't read a single Maya hieroglyph , read a single Maya hieroglyph , he was able to figure out the he was able to figure out the Maya calligraphy . Maya calligraphy . ALDANA : Maya hieroglyphic ALDANA : Maya hieroglyphic writing is very robust , and writing is very robust , and that 's because it uses really that 's because it uses really two components . two components . There are logographs . There are logographs . Logographs are really pictures Logographs are really pictures that represent entire words . that represent entire words . So " Balaam , " for example , which So " Balaam , " for example , which is " jaguar , " could be written with just the head of a jaguar . is " jaguar , " could be written with just the head of a jaguar . On the other hand , we have these with just the head of a jaguar . On the other hand , we have these things that we call phonetic On the other hand , we have these things that we call phonetic complements . things that we call phonetic complements . And these are glyphs- - they 're complements . And these are glyphs- - they 're images that represent sounds . NARRATOR : According to interpretations of the Hieroglyphic Stairway , the interpretations of the Hieroglyphic Stairway , the glyphs chronicle not only the Hieroglyphic Stairway , the glyphs chronicle not only the history but also the origin of glyphs chronicle not only the history but also the origin of the ancient Maya rulers . history but also the origin of the ancient Maya rulers . ALDANA : The hieroglyphs are the ancient Maya rulers . ALDANA : The hieroglyphs are really attached to what was ALDANA : The hieroglyphs are really attached to what was important to royalty at the really attached to what was important to royalty at the time , and that was lineage and important to royalty at the time , and that was lineage and the genealogies of the kings . time , and that was lineage and the genealogies of the kings . They went out of their way to the genealogies of the kings . They went out of their way to demonstrate how they were They went out of their way to demonstrate how they were connected to their ancestors and demonstrate how they were connected to their ancestors and the gods of their ancestors , to connected to their ancestors and the gods of their ancestors , to establish their right to rule . SHEETS : This is a picture I took of the , of a close-up of a took of the , of a close-up of a sculpture of Uaxac Lahun Ubac sculpture of Uaxac Lahun Ubac C 'awil , the 13th ruler of Copan . C 'awil , the 13th ruler of Copan . And he 's depicted here on the And he 's depicted here on the front , in all of his finery . And then the sculptor put a front , in all of his finery . And then the sculptor put a hieroglyphic passage on the And then the sculptor put a hieroglyphic passage on the side . hieroglyphic passage on the side . We don 't think commoners could side . We don 't think commoners could read , but all the elites could We don 't think commoners could read , but all the elites could and the king could . read , but all the elites could and the king could . So , he or another elite and the king could . So , he or another elite individual could come here and So , he or another elite individual could come here and impress people by saying this individual could come here and impress people by saying this demonstrates the semi-divinity impress people by saying this demonstrates the semi-divinity of our king and his power to demonstrates the semi-divinity of our king and his power to intercede between us and the of our king and his power to intercede between us and the heavens . intercede between us and the heavens . NARRATOR : But just what was heavens . NARRATOR : But just what was the real source of power and NARRATOR : But just what was the real source of power and authority behind the Maya the real source of power and authority behind the Maya priests and kings ? authority behind the Maya priests and kings ? Do the hieroglyphs reveal an priests and kings ? Do the hieroglyphs reveal an otherworldly truth to their Do the hieroglyphs reveal an otherworldly truth to their origin , as the Maya themselves otherworldly truth to their origin , as the Maya themselves maintain ? origin , as the Maya themselves maintain ? Ancient astronaut theorists maintain ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer is yes . Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer is yes . TSOUKALOS : What we have to believe the answer is yes . TSOUKALOS : What we have to think about today is , where did TSOUKALOS : What we have to think about today is , where did the origin of the priesthood think about today is , where did the origin of the priesthood come from ? And the origin is nothing else but that they- - the initial but that they- - the initial cabal of priests- - they were all cabal of priests- - they were all in contact with in contact with extraterrestrials , and that 's extraterrestrials , and that 's why they were revered . why they were revered . Our ancestors thought they were Our ancestors thought they were gods because they didn 't gods because they didn 't understand the nuts-and-bolts understand the nuts-and-bolts aspects behind those visits . aspects behind those visits . But when it all comes down to But when it all comes down to it , it was all a huge it , it was all a huge misunderstanding and a way to misunderstanding and a way to keep the common people in place . ERICH VON DANIKEN : In the beginning , the first ruler were beginning , the first ruler were gods- - real descendants from the gods- - real descendants from the sky , extraterrestrials . But later , the priests and the rulers took the names of their ancestors ' god . rulers took the names of their ancestors ' god . So they made a secret and a ancestors ' god . So they made a secret and a kind of conspiracy around them , So they made a secret and a kind of conspiracy around them , because the normal people should kind of conspiracy around them , because the normal people should give them offerings , should give because the normal people should give them offerings , should give them gold , metal , all kinds of give them offerings , should give them gold , metal , all kinds of gifts , etc . , as they did them gold , metal , all kinds of gifts , etc . , as they did some centuries before for the gifts , etc . , as they did some centuries before for the real gods . some centuries before for the real gods . So it was a kind of conspiracy real gods . So it was a kind of conspiracy among the priests and among the So it was a kind of conspiracy among the priests and among the kings . COPPENS : Mayan hieroglyphs specifically say that the Mayans specifically say that the Mayans were absolutely convinced about were absolutely convinced about the existence of otherworldly the existence of otherworldly beings , and that they actually beings , and that they actually believed that these beings believed that these beings manifested themselves regularly manifested themselves regularly at preordained moments of time . NARRATOR : Perhaps further evidence of the Mayan belief in the existence of evidence of the Mayan belief in the existence of extraterrestrial beings may be the existence of extraterrestrial beings may be found in their daily rituals of extraterrestrial beings may be found in their daily rituals of human sacrifice . Scholars believe that blood offerings were seen as an act of devotion to the Maya rulers , who offerings were seen as an act of devotion to the Maya rulers , who were assumed to be descendants devotion to the Maya rulers , who were assumed to be descendants of the gods . were assumed to be descendants of the gods . VAN STONE : We know that the of the gods . VAN STONE : We know that the Maya practiced blood sacrifice , VAN STONE : We know that the Maya practiced blood sacrifice , because they were still doing it Maya practiced blood sacrifice , because they were still doing it when the Spanish came . because they were still doing it when the Spanish came . We have images on wall when the Spanish came . We have images on wall paintings , on vases and in We have images on wall paintings , on vases and in sculptures that show people paintings , on vases and in sculptures that show people letting their own blood and sculptures that show people letting their own blood and sacrificing other people . CHILDRESS : The Mayans had a complex pantheon , which involved complex pantheon , which involved gods from the sky , and the gods from the sky , and the rulers were supposed to be rulers were supposed to be descendants of these gods . descendants of these gods . And they believed that these And they believed that these gods demanded sacrifices of gods demanded sacrifices of them , and that their blood , the them , and that their blood , the blood of their kings , was the blood of their kings , was the ideal sacrifice for the gods . Later , the Mayans began to take captives , particularly other captives , particularly other royal captives , and execute royal captives , and execute them , using their blood as the them , using their blood as the gift to the gods . ADRIAN GILBERT : The ancient Maya were particularly worried Maya were particularly worried that jaguar gods had come to that jaguar gods had come to Earth from somewhere else and Earth from somewhere else and had instructed them , and in had instructed them , and in return they had to make return they had to make sacrifices to the jaguar gods . sacrifices to the jaguar gods . In particular , heart sacrifices . In particular , heart sacrifices . COPPENS : We see hundreds , if COPPENS : We see hundreds , if not thousands , of people being dragged up the pyramids and not thousands , of people being dragged up the pyramids and really sacrificed . dragged up the pyramids and really sacrificed . Definitely there is this really sacrificed . Definitely there is this absolute belief that the Mayans Definitely there is this absolute belief that the Mayans needed the intervention of the absolute belief that the Mayans needed the intervention of the gods , and they believed that needed the intervention of the gods , and they believed that somehow sacrificing human beings gods , and they believed that somehow sacrificing human beings was gonna bring back the gods . GEORGE NOORY : It 's very possible that this civilization , possible that this civilization , as cultured as they seem to have as cultured as they seem to have been , were also pretty been , were also pretty barbaric . barbaric . And this could have And this could have been their way of trying to offer the gods something . been their way of trying to offer the gods something . TSOUKALOS : Blood sacrifice offer the gods something . TSOUKALOS : Blood sacrifice was nothing else but an act of TSOUKALOS : Blood sacrifice was nothing else but an act of desperation to bring about the was nothing else but an act of desperation to bring about the return of the extraterrestrials , desperation to bring about the return of the extraterrestrials , because one thing is crystal return of the extraterrestrials , because one thing is crystal clear : In every single ancient because one thing is crystal clear : In every single ancient culture , there is a promise of a clear : In every single ancient culture , there is a promise of a return in the future of those culture , there is a promise of a return in the future of those gods . return in the future of those gods . Blood sacrifice was something gods . Blood sacrifice was something that we humans did ourselves Blood sacrifice was something that we humans did ourselves because we didn 't understand that we humans did ourselves because we didn 't understand that what we dealt with was because we didn 't understand that what we dealt with was nothing else but flesh and blood that what we dealt with was nothing else but flesh and blood space travelers instead of real nothing else but flesh and blood space travelers instead of real or actual gods . NARRATOR : But why did the Maya believe they were connected to the gods by blood ? Maya believe they were connected to the gods by blood ? Might there have been evidence connected to the gods by blood ? Might there have been evidence within their DNA that could link Might there have been evidence within their DNA that could link the lineage of Maya kings to within their DNA that could link the lineage of Maya kings to otherworldly beings , as ancient the lineage of Maya kings to otherworldly beings , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? otherworldly beings , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? And if so , is it possible that astronaut theorists believe ? And if so , is it possible that otherworldly visitors may have And if so , is it possible that otherworldly visitors may have stayed behind and assumed the otherworldly visitors may have stayed behind and assumed the role of Maya kings ? stayed behind and assumed the role of Maya kings ? Perhaps the answer can be found , role of Maya kings ? Perhaps the answer can be found , not by examining the ancient Perhaps the answer can be found , not by examining the ancient remains of the Maya , but by not by examining the ancient remains of the Maya , but by studying their creation myths . NARRATOR : Chicago , Illinois . Housed here , in the Newberry Library , is the Mayan manuscript Housed here , in the Newberry Library , is the Mayan manuscript known as the Popol Vuh . Library , is the Mayan manuscript known as the Popol Vuh . Literally translated as " the known as the Popol Vuh . Literally translated as " the book of the people , " it is a Literally translated as " the book of the people , " it is a collection of Maya oral book of the people , " it is a collection of Maya oral histories passed on through the collection of Maya oral histories passed on through the ages . histories passed on through the ages . Written in the mid-16th century , ages . Written in the mid-16th century , this incredible book encompasses Written in the mid-16th century , this incredible book encompasses a range of subjects including this incredible book encompasses a range of subjects including those involving Mayan creation a range of subjects including those involving Mayan creation myths . INGA CALVIN : The Popol Vuh talks about the creation of the talks about the creation of the universe . universe . It talks about the fact that in It talks about the fact that in the beginning all was darkness . the beginning all was darkness . There was a primordial sea . There was a primordial sea . And then these creators , male And then these creators , male and female , spoke the word , and with the word , the Earth was and female , spoke the word , and with the word , the Earth was created and animals were and with the word , the Earth was created and animals were created . VAN STONE : It 's sort of like the combination of the book of the combination of the book of Genesis and the book of Genesis and the book of Chronicles in the Bible . Chronicles in the Bible . It 's a story of battles between It 's a story of battles between the gods , and then it connects the creation of the world with the gods , and then it connects the creation of the world with the present day through the the creation of the world with the present day through the kings of the K 'iche . the present day through the kings of the K 'iche . It 's really the only complete kings of the K 'iche . It 's really the only complete Maya creation myth that we have . COPPENS : What they were saying was that a framework was saying was that a framework was created- - that certain deities created- - that certain deities manifested themselves physically manifested themselves physically and made decisions as to what and made decisions as to what was going to happen . was going to happen . In the case of the Mayans , this In the case of the Mayans , this was a choice as to where the Mayans were going to live , as was a choice as to where the Mayans were going to live , as well as the selection of certain Mayans were going to live , as well as the selection of certain sacred sites . well as the selection of certain sacred sites . NARRATOR : Throughout the sacred sites . NARRATOR : Throughout the ancient world , there have been NARRATOR : Throughout the ancient world , there have been numerous similar myths of ancient world , there have been numerous similar myths of otherworldly beings coming to numerous similar myths of otherworldly beings coming to Earth and interacting with some otherworldly beings coming to Earth and interacting with some of the earliest humans . Earth and interacting with some of the earliest humans . Most mainstream historians of the earliest humans . Most mainstream historians believe these stories represent Most mainstream historians believe these stories represent only religious and spiritual believe these stories represent only religious and spiritual beliefs . only religious and spiritual beliefs . But is it possible , as ancient beliefs . But is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , But is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , that the Popol Vuh , as well as astronaut theorists believe , that the Popol Vuh , as well as other ancient creation tales , that the Popol Vuh , as well as other ancient creation tales , represents actual evidence of other ancient creation tales , represents actual evidence of contact with extraterrestrials represents actual evidence of contact with extraterrestrials in the distant past ? contact with extraterrestrials in the distant past ? According to the translations of in the distant past ? According to the translations of hieroglyphs found at numerous According to the translations of hieroglyphs found at numerous ancient Mayan cities , Kukulkan , hieroglyphs found at numerous ancient Mayan cities , Kukulkan , or the great feathered serpent , ancient Mayan cities , Kukulkan , or the great feathered serpent , was the god who brought or the great feathered serpent , was the god who brought knowledge to the Maya . LOGAN HAWKES : When we talk about the Mayan gods , we know about the Mayan gods , we know that the most important god to that the most important god to them was the plumed serpent , or them was the plumed serpent , or Kukulkan . Kukulkan . We see his image all across the We see his image all across the Mayan world . We see it on great carved images Mayan world . We see it on great carved images on stone . We see it on great carved images on stone . Kukulkan is often depicted as a on stone . Kukulkan is often depicted as a plumed serpent , some would say Kukulkan is often depicted as a plumed serpent , some would say a dragon or a snake with wings . plumed serpent , some would say a dragon or a snake with wings . That leads some to believe that a dragon or a snake with wings . That leads some to believe that Kukulkan may have descended from That leads some to believe that Kukulkan may have descended from the sky . VON DANIKEN : Now , the Maya were living in the jungle . were living in the jungle . The Maya knew that the snake The Maya knew that the snake could not fly , but this snake , could not fly , but this snake , this serpent , could fly . this serpent , could fly . The oldest Maya histories tell The oldest Maya histories tell that Kukulkan was the teacher of young Maya . that Kukulkan was the teacher of young Maya . He had chosen eight boys in the young Maya . He had chosen eight boys in the age between seven and 12 , and He had chosen eight boys in the age between seven and 12 , and he 'd teach these eight boys in age between seven and 12 , and he 'd teach these eight boys in mathematics , in astronomy , in he 'd teach these eight boys in mathematics , in astronomy , in all kind of science . mathematics , in astronomy , in all kind of science . And later , Kukulkan disappeared all kind of science . And later , Kukulkan disappeared with the promise that he will And later , Kukulkan disappeared with the promise that he will return in the faraway future . with the promise that he will return in the faraway future . These boys had become the first return in the faraway future . These boys had become the first priests and the first teachers These boys had become the first priests and the first teachers again for the Maya . priests and the first teachers again for the Maya . HUGH NEWMAN : Some of the again for the Maya . HUGH NEWMAN : Some of the legends state that he appeared HUGH NEWMAN : Some of the legends state that he appeared along the Gulf Coast on a raft legends state that he appeared along the Gulf Coast on a raft of serpents , and he spread his along the Gulf Coast on a raft of serpents , and he spread his high knowledge through that part of serpents , and he spread his high knowledge through that part of the country . Even today in some of the Mayan cultures , he 's revered as this cultures , he 's revered as this great god that brought all these great god that brought all these teachings and civilization to teachings and civilization to their part of the world . their part of the world . And yet , no one knows who he was And yet , no one knows who he was or where he came from . or where he came from . NARRATOR : Strangely , NARRATOR : Strangely , depictions of a winged serpent god can be found all around the depictions of a winged serpent god can be found all around the ancient world . god can be found all around the ancient world . In India , the epic text of the ancient world . In India , the epic text of the Mahabharata details the ancient In India , the epic text of the Mahabharata details the ancient account of sky beings known as Mahabharata details the ancient account of sky beings known as Nagas . account of sky beings known as Nagas . Dating as far back as 2500 BC , Nagas . Dating as far back as 2500 BC , the half-human and half-serpent Dating as far back as 2500 BC , the half-human and half-serpent entities look nearly identical the half-human and half-serpent entities look nearly identical to the Mayan Kukulkan . entities look nearly identical to the Mayan Kukulkan . And ancient Chinese mythology to the Mayan Kukulkan . And ancient Chinese mythology from the fifth millennium BC And ancient Chinese mythology from the fifth millennium BC describe flying dragons that from the fifth millennium BC describe flying dragons that are eerily similar to the describe flying dragons that are eerily similar to the serpent god depicted in are eerily similar to the serpent god depicted in Mesoamerica . ANDREW COLLINS : To the peoples that preceded the Inca peoples that preceded the Inca in Peru , similar ideas were put in Peru , similar ideas were put upon characters like upon characters like Quetzalcoatl , the feathered Quetzalcoatl , the feathered serpent , who was this wisdom serpent , who was this wisdom bringer , sometimes said to have bringer , sometimes said to have come down from the sky world . come down from the sky world . And once again , bringing the And once again , bringing the rudiments of civilization to the peoples of Central America . rudiments of civilization to the peoples of Central America . HAWKES : There is a common peoples of Central America . HAWKES : There is a common thread among many ancient HAWKES : There is a common thread among many ancient cultures of the Americas when it thread among many ancient cultures of the Americas when it comes to plumed serpent god . cultures of the Americas when it comes to plumed serpent god . The Cherokee , for example , comes to plumed serpent god . The Cherokee , for example , believe that time- - their The Cherokee , for example , believe that time- - their calendar- - is based upon a believe that time- - their calendar- - is based upon a rattlesnake that they can see in calendar- - is based upon a rattlesnake that they can see in the night sky , perhaps a rattlesnake that they can see in the night sky , perhaps a constellation . the night sky , perhaps a constellation . So , the idea of a serpent or a constellation . So , the idea of a serpent or a snake or a dragon is common So , the idea of a serpent or a snake or a dragon is common among many ancient cultures , and snake or a dragon is common among many ancient cultures , and not just the Maya or the among many ancient cultures , and not just the Maya or the Mesoamericans . not just the Maya or the Mesoamericans . COPPENS : The snake is the Mesoamericans . COPPENS : The snake is the giver of wisdom in so many COPPENS : The snake is the giver of wisdom in so many cultures , and it gives the tools giver of wisdom in so many cultures , and it gives the tools of civilization- - working with cultures , and it gives the tools of civilization- - working with metals , working with other of civilization- - working with metals , working with other instruments , certain knowledge , metals , working with other instruments , certain knowledge , certain aspects of life ... instruments , certain knowledge , certain aspects of life ... and that it really gives this certain aspects of life ... and that it really gives this knowledge to certain people , and that it really gives this knowledge to certain people , and that he places these people knowledge to certain people , and that he places these people in a position whereby , from and that he places these people in a position whereby , from their social position , they 're in a position whereby , from their social position , they 're able to give this to the rest of their social position , they 're able to give this to the rest of their culture . TSOUKALOS : All these cultures were far apart from each other , were far apart from each other , sometimes by thousands and sometimes by thousands and thousands of miles . thousands of miles . So , how is it possible that all So , how is it possible that all these societies came up with not similar , but identical stories ? these societies came up with not similar , but identical stories ? Was it really flying snakes or similar , but identical stories ? Was it really flying snakes or gods that were snakes ? Was it really flying snakes or gods that were snakes ? Of course not . gods that were snakes ? Of course not . It was misunderstood technology . Of course not . It was misunderstood technology . Some types of vehicles were It was misunderstood technology . Some types of vehicles were witnessed that descended from Some types of vehicles were witnessed that descended from the sky out of which people witnessed that descended from the sky out of which people came- - astronauts- - that the sky out of which people came- - astronauts- - that instructed people of different came- - astronauts- - that instructed people of different cultures in different societies instructed people of different cultures in different societies in certain scientific cultures in different societies in certain scientific disciplines . in certain scientific disciplines . This is not coincidence . disciplines . This is not coincidence . This is evidence for ancient This is not coincidence . This is evidence for ancient alien encounters in the remote This is evidence for ancient alien encounters in the remote past . alien encounters in the remote past . There is no other way . past . There is no other way . NARRATOR : Can the ancient There is no other way . NARRATOR : Can the ancient creation myths and legends of NARRATOR : Can the ancient creation myths and legends of flying serpent gods really be creation myths and legends of flying serpent gods really be interpreted as factual accounts flying serpent gods really be interpreted as factual accounts of extraterrestrial visitors , as interpreted as factual accounts of extraterrestrial visitors , as ancient astronaut theorists of extraterrestrial visitors , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? ancient astronaut theorists contend ? And if so , might such celestial contend ? And if so , might such celestial travelers have given the Maya And if so , might such celestial travelers have given the Maya both the tools and the knowledge travelers have given the Maya both the tools and the knowledge to help advance their both the tools and the knowledge to help advance their civilization ? to help advance their civilization ? Perhaps further evidence can be civilization ? Perhaps further evidence can be found by looking at the Mayans' Perhaps further evidence can be found by looking at the Mayans' very profound connection to the found by looking at the Mayans' very profound connection to the stars . NARRATOR : In the Mexican state of the Yucatan lie the ruins of the ancient Mayan city state of the Yucatan lie the ruins of the ancient Mayan city of Chichen Itza . ruins of the ancient Mayan city of Chichen Itza . Here , in the tenth century , the of Chichen Itza . Here , in the tenth century , the Maya built what has become known Here , in the tenth century , the Maya built what has become known as the El Caracol observatory . BARNHART : It has four doors on the bottom that can be used on the bottom that can be used as observation points , and it as observation points , and it had a number of windows up on had a number of windows up on top , but most of those have top , but most of those have fallen . fallen . We only have two and a half of We only have two and a half of those left . those left . But looking at those , we can see But looking at those , we can see that they 're definitely looking that they 're definitely looking at the sun , probably at the at the sun , probably at the moon . moon . There are hints that they There are hints that they could have been using them for could have been using them for stars and planets . stars and planets . VAN STONE : They were tracking VAN STONE : They were tracking in particular Venus , the phases in particular Venus , the phases of the moon , eclipses . of the moon , eclipses . We know that because we have We know that because we have books that record these things . books that record these things . NARRATOR : Most researchers NARRATOR : Most researchers agree that from 250 to 900 AD , agree that from 250 to 900 AD , the Mayans were the most the Mayans were the most advanced astronomers of their advanced astronomers of their time . time . But why were they observing the But why were they observing the cosmos so intently ? cosmos so intently ? And what might they have been And what might they have been looking for ? looking for ? CALVIN : The Maya were very CALVIN : The Maya were very sophisticated in terms of what sophisticated in terms of what they watched in the heavens and they watched in the heavens and in the calendars that they kept in the calendars that they kept track of . track of . The ability to understand that The ability to understand that Venus as morning star and Venus Venus as morning star and Venus as evening star are the same as evening star are the same star was very rarely done in the star was very rarely done in the history of humankind . history of humankind . They were oftentimes seen as They were oftentimes seen as two different entities . two different entities . The idea that they could predict The idea that they could predict the cycles of the heavens the cycles of the heavens reflects their sophistication . reflects their sophistication . VAN STONE : The Maya were one VAN STONE : The Maya were one of the only ancient people that of the only ancient people that invented a mathematical system invented a mathematical system that we use , which is called that we use , which is called place value and zero . place value and zero . And using place value and zero And using place value and zero allows you to make enormous allows you to make enormous calculations , numbers that are calculations , numbers that are very , very large . very , very large . ( beeping ) ( beeping ) They could probably calculate They could probably calculate things thousands of years into things thousands of years into the past . the past . NARRATOR : Did the Maya NARRATOR : Did the Maya develop such mastery of develop such mastery of astronomy and mathematics on astronomy and mathematics on their own ? their own ? Or is it possible , as ancient Or is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , astronaut theorists believe , that the elite rulers of the that the elite rulers of the Maya had received help from Maya had received help from star travelers ? star travelers ? VON DANIKEN : The Maya , for VON DANIKEN : The Maya , for example , had the knowledge of example , had the knowledge of the planet Venus surrounding the planet Venus surrounding our solar system in such a our solar system in such a precise way that within 6,000 precise way that within 6,000 years , the difference was a few years , the difference was a few hours . hours . Now , the Maya itself did not Now , the Maya itself did not live for 6,000 years . live for 6,000 years . So they had no time- - 6,000 So they had no time- - 6,000 years- - to observe if their years- - to observe if their calculation concerning the Venus calculation concerning the Venus rotation is correct or not , rotation is correct or not , because they had their because they had their information from their gods . information from their gods . COPPENS : The Mayans could not COPPENS : The Mayans could not possibly have developed these possibly have developed these systems on their own because it systems on their own because it would take thousands , some of would take thousands , some of them tens of thousands of years them tens of thousands of years of observation . of observation . So it is clear that they were So it is clear that they were given to them by aliens out given to them by aliens out there who have made contact with there who have made contact with the Mayan people . the Mayan people . NARRATOR : Perhaps the most NARRATOR : Perhaps the most intriguing astronomical accomplishment of the Maya intriguing astronomical accomplishment of the Maya concerns their understanding of accomplishment of the Maya concerns their understanding of the slow change in the Earth 's concerns their understanding of the slow change in the Earth 's rotational axis in space . the slow change in the Earth 's rotational axis in space . Called precession , it 's a rotational axis in space . Called precession , it 's a process that takes more than Called precession , it 's a process that takes more than 26,000 years to complete . process that takes more than 26,000 years to complete . But how could the Maya have 26,000 years to complete . But how could the Maya have tracked events over such an But how could the Maya have tracked events over such an extreme time span ? tracked events over such an extreme time span ? Is it possible that , like extreme time span ? Is it possible that , like modern scientists , the Maya had Is it possible that , like modern scientists , the Maya had been using knowledge of the modern scientists , the Maya had been using knowledge of the Earth 's movement in space to been using knowledge of the Earth 's movement in space to track time ? Earth 's movement in space to track time ? And if so , for what purpose ? LOHSE : The Maya developed these timekeeping skills by these timekeeping skills by monitoring the movements and monitoring the movements and predicting the movements of not predicting the movements of not just the sun , but the moon , just the sun , but the moon , Venus , in some cases Jupiter , Venus , in some cases Jupiter , Mars , Saturn and some of the Mars , Saturn and some of the constellations . constellations . NARRATOR : Though most people NARRATOR : Though most people consider the Egyptians as the consider the Egyptians as the ultimate pyramid builders , ten ultimate pyramid builders , ten times as many pyramids were times as many pyramids were constructed in Mesoamerica than constructed in Mesoamerica than in Egypt . in Egypt . But why did the Maya build so But why did the Maya build so many of their monumental many of their monumental structures in absolute precise structures in absolute precise alignment with solar , lunar and alignment with solar , lunar and stellar events ? stellar events ? COLLINS : Well , it seems as if COLLINS : Well , it seems as if they were paranoid that if they they were paranoid that if they did not do this , something bad did not do this , something bad would happen . would happen . ( rumbling ) ( rumbling ) They were on the fifth epoch , They were on the fifth epoch , and each of these earlier epochs and each of these earlier epochs they believed had ended in they believed had ended in catastrophe . catastrophe . And it seemed as if they had to And it seemed as if they had to synchronize their rituals , their synchronize their rituals , their events , their games , their events , their games , their activities with these specific activities with these specific celestial events , because if celestial events , because if they didn 't , something bad would they didn 't , something bad would happen , and the epoch would end happen , and the epoch would end prematurely . prematurely . COPPENS : The Mayans were COPPENS : The Mayans were absolutely convinced that timing was crucial , because the stars absolutely convinced that timing was crucial , because the stars were revealing when the gods was crucial , because the stars were revealing when the gods were going to come back , and were revealing when the gods were going to come back , and obviously , that meant the gods were going to come back , and obviously , that meant the gods were coming from the stars . NARRATOR : But where , or from whom , did the ancient Maya learn to accurately track time by whom , did the ancient Maya learn to accurately track time by tracing the celestial movements to accurately track time by tracing the celestial movements of our solar system and the tracing the celestial movements of our solar system and the universe beyond ? of our solar system and the universe beyond ? Could the ancient Maya have universe beyond ? Could the ancient Maya have actually conspired with Could the ancient Maya have actually conspired with extraterrestrial visitors to actually conspired with extraterrestrial visitors to plan not only the future , but extraterrestrial visitors to plan not only the future , but even the very end of our world ? plan not only the future , but even the very end of our world ? If so , perhaps a further even the very end of our world ? If so , perhaps a further examination of the infamous If so , perhaps a further examination of the infamous Mayan calendar and its so-called examination of the infamous Mayan calendar and its so-called doomsday prophecy is required . NEWMAN : There are several legends in the Mayan world which legends in the Mayan world which suggest that this end date of suggest that this end date of the Mayan calendar in December , the Mayan calendar in December , 2012 is actually an apocalypse 2012 is actually an apocalypse day . day . The Popol Vuh discusses it as a The Popol Vuh discusses it as a possible destruction of the possible destruction of the planet . planet . The Tortuguero Monument , which The Tortuguero Monument , which is a site near Palenque- - it 's is a site near Palenque- - it 's the only inscription in stone the only inscription in stone that mentions the 2012 end date that mentions the 2012 end date of the calendar . of the calendar . And that talks about nine gods And that talks about nine gods descending to Earth . descending to Earth . But no one really knows exactly But no one really knows exactly what that means . what that means . Some people suggest that may Some people suggest that may cause a cataclysm . cause a cataclysm . Others suggest it may be a whole Others suggest it may be a whole dawn of a new age where we dawn of a new age where we actually move into a more actually move into a more conscious way of life . CHILDRESS : If the truth is that the Mayans were in contact that the Mayans were in contact with extraterrestrial beings , with extraterrestrial beings , and now their calendar is ending and now their calendar is ending on December 21 , 2012 , this might on December 21 , 2012 , this might be the return of the gods be the return of the gods themselves , of the themselves , of the extraterrestrials coming back to extraterrestrials coming back to Earth to the Mayans , as they Earth to the Mayans , as they promised . promised . NARRATOR : Given the NARRATOR : Given the sophistication of the Mayan calendar , is it really possible sophistication of the Mayan calendar , is it really possible that the Maya could have calendar , is it really possible that the Maya could have accurately predicted the exact that the Maya could have accurately predicted the exact date of some sort of accurately predicted the exact date of some sort of Earth-changing event ? date of some sort of Earth-changing event ? Might such an event usher in a Earth-changing event ? Might such an event usher in a new era of human enlightenment ? Might such an event usher in a new era of human enlightenment ? Or might it mark the end of new era of human enlightenment ? Or might it mark the end of mankind in the form of a Or might it mark the end of mankind in the form of a cataclysmic doomsday ? mankind in the form of a cataclysmic doomsday ? Perhaps only time will tell . Perhaps only time will tell . Captioning sponsored by Captioning sponsored by AE TELEVISION NETWORKS
