 NARRATOR : Ancient calendars forecasting a deadly countdown . ED BARNHART The Maya have forecasting a deadly countdown . ED BARNHART The Maya have this opinion that what 's ED BARNHART The Maya have this opinion that what 's happened in the past will happen this opinion that what 's happened in the past will happen again . happened in the past will happen again . NARRATOR : A galactic again . NARRATOR : A galactic alignment , triggering a wave of NARRATOR : A galactic alignment , triggering a wave of natural disasters . alignment , triggering a wave of natural disasters . MICHAEL DENNIN : It 's like natural disasters . MICHAEL DENNIN : It 's like having a whole bunch of massive MICHAEL DENNIN : It 's like having a whole bunch of massive earthquakes at the same time . having a whole bunch of massive earthquakes at the same time . NARRATOR : Could our planet earthquakes at the same time . NARRATOR : Could our planet really be headed for extinction ? NARRATOR : Could our planet really be headed for extinction ? LOGAN HAWKES : These changes really be headed for extinction ? LOGAN HAWKES : These changes could be life-changing or they LOGAN HAWKES : These changes could be life-changing or they could be life-ending . could be life-changing or they could be life-ending . NARRATOR : Or is there another could be life-ending . NARRATOR : Or is there another agenda , one even more profound ? NARRATOR : Or is there another agenda , one even more profound ? PHILIP COPPENS : Each age for agenda , one even more profound ? PHILIP COPPENS : Each age for the Mayans was clearly defined . PHILIP COPPENS : Each age for the Mayans was clearly defined . And it was defined by the gods the Mayans was clearly defined . And it was defined by the gods returning . And it was defined by the gods returning . NARRATOR : Millions of people returning . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might evidence of to shape our history ? And if so , might evidence of alien contact help to unlock the And if so , might evidence of alien contact help to unlock the mystery behind the Mayan alien contact help to unlock the mystery behind the Mayan prophecies of doom ? NARRATOR : Mexico , the Yucatan Peninsula . For over 2,000 years , Peninsula . For over 2,000 years , rain-drenched jungles and For over 2,000 years , rain-drenched jungles and fertile plains served as the rain-drenched jungles and fertile plains served as the home of one of the ancient fertile plains served as the home of one of the ancient world 's greatest civilizations . home of one of the ancient world 's greatest civilizations . The Maya . Scholars estimate that between 250 and 900 A.D. , the Mayan population consisted of between 250 and 900 A.D. , the Mayan population consisted of between 15 to 20 million people population consisted of between 15 to 20 million people and extended as far south as 15 to 20 million people and extended as far south as Costa Rica and Guatemala . and extended as far south as Costa Rica and Guatemala . Archeological evidence suggests Costa Rica and Guatemala . Archeological evidence suggests the Maya were one of the first Archeological evidence suggests the Maya were one of the first ancient people to develop a the Maya were one of the first ancient people to develop a written language , use modern ancient people to develop a written language , use modern mathematical methods , and build written language , use modern mathematical methods , and build massive , multi-story celestial mathematical methods , and build massive , multi-story celestial observatories . massive , multi-story celestial observatories . All at a time when Europeans observatories . All at a time when Europeans were struggling through the All at a time when Europeans were struggling through the so-called Dark Ages . SEAN-DAVID MORTON : The Maya are considered one of the great are considered one of the great advanced civilizations with advanced civilizations with hyper-advanced astronomy , hyper-advanced astronomy , astrology , trigonometry , astrology , trigonometry , architecture , all of these architecture , all of these things while the Europeans were things while the Europeans were at the time rolling around in at the time rolling around in the mud . the mud . NARRATOR : But perhaps the NARRATOR : But perhaps the most amazing Mayan achievement was their system of charting the most amazing Mayan achievement was their system of charting the stars and planets in the form of was their system of charting the stars and planets in the form of a calendar . HAWKES : The Mayans were timekeepers above and beyond all timekeepers above and beyond all other things . other things . Keeping up with time was magic , Keeping up with time was magic , it was power to the Mayans . it was power to the Mayans . MARK VAN STONE : They were MARK VAN STONE : They were tracking , in particular , Venus , the phases of the moon , tracking , in particular , Venus , the phases of the moon , eclipses , but they also tracked the phases of the moon , eclipses , but they also tracked precession , which is an eclipses , but they also tracked precession , which is an extraordinarily long cycle . What it means is that every year on , say , March 15 , the Pleiades on , say , March 15 , the Pleiades rise for the first time in the rise for the first time in the sky . sky . If you wait 72 years , the day of If you wait 72 years , the day of the rising of the Pleiades will be one day earlier . the rising of the Pleiades will be one day earlier . If you wait another 72 years , be one day earlier . If you wait another 72 years , it 'll be a day earlier still . If you wait another 72 years , it 'll be a day earlier still . And if you wait 26,000 years , it 'll be a day earlier still . And if you wait 26,000 years , the Pleiades will move back to And if you wait 26,000 years , the Pleiades will move back to that same day . the Pleiades will move back to that same day . NARRATOR : According to that same day . NARRATOR : According to scholars , the Maya believed that NARRATOR : According to scholars , the Maya believed that time , like the stars , moved in scholars , the Maya believed that time , like the stars , moved in repeating patterns called time , like the stars , moved in repeating patterns called calendar cycles and that these repeating patterns called calendar cycles and that these cycles could be used to predict calendar cycles and that these cycles could be used to predict future events . cycles could be used to predict future events . One of these calendar cycles , future events . One of these calendar cycles , the Mayan Long Count , lasts for One of these calendar cycles , the Mayan Long Count , lasts for 5,125 years and will end on the Mayan Long Count , lasts for 5,125 years and will end on December 21 , 2012 . 5,125 years and will end on December 21 , 2012 . But why ? December 21 , 2012 . But why ? Why did the Maya choose this But why ? Why did the Maya choose this date ? Why did the Maya choose this date ? And what did they believe would date ? And what did they believe would happen to our world ? And what did they believe would happen to our world ? Perhaps a clue can be found in happen to our world ? Perhaps a clue can be found in an astronomical phenomenon Perhaps a clue can be found in an astronomical phenomenon located at the center of the an astronomical phenomenon located at the center of the Milky Way Galaxy , an area where located at the center of the Milky Way Galaxy , an area where there are no stars . Milky Way Galaxy , an area where there are no stars . MORTON : The Mayans knew . there are no stars . MORTON : The Mayans knew . Not only did they know where the MORTON : The Mayans knew . Not only did they know where the center of the galaxy was , but Not only did they know where the center of the galaxy was , but they understood that it was a center of the galaxy was , but they understood that it was a light-year-across black hole they understood that it was a light-year-across black hole that they called the Great Rift . light-year-across black hole that they called the Great Rift . HAWKES : The Maya believed that they called the Great Rift . HAWKES : The Maya believed this was the birth canal of the HAWKES : The Maya believed this was the birth canal of the universe , and that all things this was the birth canal of the universe , and that all things came from the birth canal of the universe , and that all things came from the birth canal of the universe . came from the birth canal of the universe . And on December 21 , 2012 , the universe . And on December 21 , 2012 , the Earth , the sun , and this birth And on December 21 , 2012 , the Earth , the sun , and this birth canal , the Dark Rift , are all in Earth , the sun , and this birth canal , the Dark Rift , are all in perfect alignment . canal , the Dark Rift , are all in perfect alignment . And this only happens every perfect alignment . And this only happens every 26,000 years . And this only happens every 26,000 years . NARRATOR : Could the fact that 26,000 years . NARRATOR : Could the fact that the Maya Long Count calendar NARRATOR : Could the fact that the Maya Long Count calendar ends on the same day as this the Maya Long Count calendar ends on the same day as this rare alignment in the Milky Way ends on the same day as this rare alignment in the Milky Way Galaxy be a mere coincidence ? rare alignment in the Milky Way Galaxy be a mere coincidence ? And did this advanced Galaxy be a mere coincidence ? And did this advanced understanding of celestial And did this advanced understanding of celestial cycles really come from ancient understanding of celestial cycles really come from ancient Mayan astronomers observing the cycles really come from ancient Mayan astronomers observing the stars with only their naked Mayan astronomers observing the stars with only their naked eyes ? stars with only their naked eyes ? HAWKES : The Mayans believed eyes ? HAWKES : The Mayans believed that this knowledge came to them HAWKES : The Mayans believed that this knowledge came to them from their gods , and their gods that this knowledge came to them from their gods , and their gods then existed in the stars . from their gods , and their gods then existed in the stars . So , is it possible that these then existed in the stars . So , is it possible that these gods could have been So , is it possible that these gods could have been extraterrestrials ? gods could have been extraterrestrials ? The answer to that question is extraterrestrials ? The answer to that question is yes , it 's possible . The answer to that question is yes , it 's possible . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : yes , it 's possible . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : According to the Maya GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : According to the Maya themselves , this knowledge was According to the Maya themselves , this knowledge was not something that they came up themselves , this knowledge was not something that they came up with , but it was given to them not something that they came up with , but it was given to them as a gift from the gods . The gift back then was not material stuff . material stuff . It was knowledge . It was knowledge . Knowledge is the currency of the Knowledge is the currency of the universe . NARRATOR : But even if the information pertaining to the Long Count calendar comes from information pertaining to the Long Count calendar comes from an otherworldly or Long Count calendar comes from an otherworldly or extraterrestrial source , why an otherworldly or extraterrestrial source , why 2012 ? extraterrestrial source , why 2012 ? What is it about this date that 2012 ? What is it about this date that has a special significance ? What is it about this date that has a special significance ? Researchers believe a clue may has a special significance ? Researchers believe a clue may recently have been found among Researchers believe a clue may recently have been found among the ruins of the ancient Mayan recently have been found among the ruins of the ancient Mayan city of Tortuguero . the ruins of the ancient Mayan city of Tortuguero . One that was pieced together city of Tortuguero . One that was pieced together from broken fragments of a panel One that was pieced together from broken fragments of a panel of hieroglyphs known as Monument from broken fragments of a panel of hieroglyphs known as Monument Number Six . BARNHART : In my opinion , the one and only clear opinion , the one and only clear reference to the date in the reference to the date in the Long Count that arrives in 2012 Long Count that arrives in 2012 is on Tortuguero Monument Six . is on Tortuguero Monument Six . COPPENS : Basically , COPPENS : Basically , the inscription in Tortuguero the inscription in Tortuguero was half destroyed , and was half destroyed , and everybody assumed that what it everybody assumed that what it was saying was that the nine was saying was that the nine gods would return on December gods would return on December 21 , 2012 , but because there was 21 , 2012 , but because there was some destruction on that some destruction on that inscription , certain things were inscription , certain things were implied . implied . NARRATOR : For years , NARRATOR : For years , scholars dismissed the evidence found at the Tortuguero monument scholars dismissed the evidence found at the Tortuguero monument as a solitary anomaly without found at the Tortuguero monument as a solitary anomaly without any special significance . as a solitary anomaly without any special significance . But on November 24 , 2011 , the any special significance . But on November 24 , 2011 , the Mexican National Institute of But on November 24 , 2011 , the Mexican National Institute of Archeology and History revealed Mexican National Institute of Archeology and History revealed to the world the existence of a Archeology and History revealed to the world the existence of a second artifact . to the world the existence of a second artifact . A sun-dried mud brick that was second artifact . A sun-dried mud brick that was discovered at the ancient Mayan A sun-dried mud brick that was discovered at the ancient Mayan city of Comalcalco with an discovered at the ancient Mayan city of Comalcalco with an inscription many believe refers city of Comalcalco with an inscription many believe refers to an exact date , December 21 , inscription many believe refers to an exact date , December 21 , 2012 . to an exact date , December 21 , 2012 . BARNHART : It 's one of 2012 . BARNHART : It 's one of thousands of mud bricks that BARNHART : It 's one of thousands of mud bricks that we 've found at Comalcalco . thousands of mud bricks that we 've found at Comalcalco . A very few of them have we 've found at Comalcalco . A very few of them have hieroglyphs on them . A very few of them have hieroglyphs on them . One of them has a date inscribed hieroglyphs on them . One of them has a date inscribed on it , which is very rare , and One of them has a date inscribed on it , which is very rare , and it says Four Ahau , Three Konkin , on it , which is very rare , and it says Four Ahau , Three Konkin , which is the calendar round date it says Four Ahau , Three Konkin , which is the calendar round date that 's gonna occur in 2012 . which is the calendar round date that 's gonna occur in 2012 . COPPENS : Well , the Comalcalco that 's gonna occur in 2012 . COPPENS : Well , the Comalcalco brick is important because it is COPPENS : Well , the Comalcalco brick is important because it is verification of an inscription brick is important because it is verification of an inscription in Tortuguero . verification of an inscription in Tortuguero . The brick has shown that the in Tortuguero . The brick has shown that the people who thought that it meant The brick has shown that the people who thought that it meant the nine gods were going to people who thought that it meant the nine gods were going to return were right . the nine gods were going to return were right . NARRATOR : An extraterrestrial return were right . NARRATOR : An extraterrestrial visitation ? NARRATOR : An extraterrestrial visitation ? One which signals the end of the visitation ? One which signals the end of the world ? One which signals the end of the world ? For most archeologists and world ? For most archeologists and researchers , the concept is not For most archeologists and researchers , the concept is not just a little far-fetched , they researchers , the concept is not just a little far-fetched , they consider it to be more a just a little far-fetched , they consider it to be more a curiosity than a prophecy . consider it to be more a curiosity than a prophecy . But one feature of the brick curiosity than a prophecy . But one feature of the brick hieroglyph is not so easy to But one feature of the brick hieroglyph is not so easy to dismiss . hieroglyph is not so easy to dismiss . The inscriptions on the brick dismiss . The inscriptions on the brick were apparently carved on the The inscriptions on the brick were apparently carved on the inner-facing side , hidden from were apparently carved on the inner-facing side , hidden from view . inner-facing side , hidden from view . HAWKES : Why would they write view . HAWKES : Why would they write a date on a brick and then turn HAWKES : Why would they write a date on a brick and then turn it around so no one could see it a date on a brick and then turn it around so no one could see it and put it into the wall ? it around so no one could see it and put it into the wall ? We can only speculate as to why , and put it into the wall ? We can only speculate as to why , but we believe it 's because the We can only speculate as to why , but we believe it 's because the ruling king or the priest or but we believe it 's because the ruling king or the priest or whoever commissioned the ruling king or the priest or whoever commissioned the building site at Comalcalco whoever commissioned the building site at Comalcalco didn 't want that to be public building site at Comalcalco didn 't want that to be public knowledge . didn 't want that to be public knowledge . NARRATOR : Why would the Maya knowledge . NARRATOR : Why would the Maya conspire to keep this date NARRATOR : Why would the Maya conspire to keep this date secret ? conspire to keep this date secret ? Was it to avoid global panic ? DAVID CHILDRESS : If there is some kind of ... some kind of ... ( loud boom ) ( loud boom ) ... doomsday at the end of the ... doomsday at the end of the Mayan calendar , it could be a Mayan calendar , it could be a combination of ... combination of ... of pole shifts ... of pole shifts ... ( rumbling ) ( rumbling ) ... of volcanoes and ... of volcanoes and earthquakes ... earthquakes ... and super tidal waves all over and super tidal waves all over the Earth . the Earth . It would be a catastrophic event It would be a catastrophic event for the planet . NARRATOR : Is it really possible , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , that the Maya possible , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , that the Maya actually received detailed theorists believe , that the Maya actually received detailed astronomical knowledge from actually received detailed astronomical knowledge from ancient alien visitors ? astronomical knowledge from ancient alien visitors ? And could this help explain why ancient alien visitors ? And could this help explain why their calendar , which accurately And could this help explain why their calendar , which accurately predicts an extraordinary their calendar , which accurately predicts an extraordinary galactic alignment , apparently predicts an extraordinary galactic alignment , apparently ends on December 21 , 2012 ? galactic alignment , apparently ends on December 21 , 2012 ? Perhaps the answer can be found ends on December 21 , 2012 ? Perhaps the answer can be found by examining the doomsday Perhaps the answer can be found by examining the doomsday prophecies of other ancient by examining the doomsday prophecies of other ancient cultures . prophecies of other ancient cultures . For if the Maya were attempting cultures . For if the Maya were attempting to warn us of a future For if the Maya were attempting to warn us of a future cataclysm , could there be other to warn us of a future cataclysm , could there be other evidence that they were not cataclysm , could there be other evidence that they were not alone ? NARRATOR : December 21 , 2012 . According to some researchers and scholars , this is the day According to some researchers and scholars , this is the day when the Mayan calendar suggests and scholars , this is the day when the Mayan calendar suggests the world will come to an end . when the Mayan calendar suggests the world will come to an end . ( loud boom ) the world will come to an end . ( loud boom ) But there is another equally ( loud boom ) But there is another equally curious aspect to the Mayan But there is another equally curious aspect to the Mayan calendar- - not when it ends , but curious aspect to the Mayan calendar- - not when it ends , but when it begins : calendar- - not when it ends , but when it begins : more than 3,000 years before the when it begins : more than 3,000 years before the Mayan civilization even existed . BARNHART : The origin of the Long Count Calendar- - why they Long Count Calendar- - why they created day one to be August 13 , created day one to be August 13 , 3114 BC , is still a mystery . It 's obviously back-dated . There were no Maya back then , so There were no Maya back then , so why did they backward project why did they backward project 3,000 years into the past ? 3,000 years into the past ? Based on the things we have Based on the things we have learned about the Maya , it learned about the Maya , it should be something should be something astronomical . astronomical . HUGH NEWMAN : One of the ideas HUGH NEWMAN : One of the ideas about why they back-dated it to about why they back-dated it to 3114 BC is because some kind 3114 BC is because some kind of cataclysm happened then . of cataclysm happened then . Recent research has discovered Recent research has discovered an asteroid or multiple an asteroid or multiple asteroids did hit an area around asteroids did hit an area around Austria in Europe . Austria in Europe . ( loud booming ) ( loud booming ) And that could have caused a And that could have caused a blackout of the sky for several blackout of the sky for several years , and this is , then , when years , and this is , then , when the calendar began . the calendar began . MORTON : Scientists at Harvard MORTON : Scientists at Harvard and Princeton have said that and Princeton have said that this massive global worldwide this massive global worldwide catastrophe ... a mass glaciation catastrophe ... a mass glaciation of the planet , occurred when of the planet , occurred when this age of the Mayan calendar this age of the Mayan calendar begins . begins . This happened not within tens of This happened not within tens of thousands of years or hundreds thousands of years or hundreds of years , but within weeks , of years , but within weeks , within days , literally . within days , literally . This took everyone by surprise . This took everyone by surprise . CHILDRESS : According to the CHILDRESS : According to the Mayans , we are coming to the end Mayans , we are coming to the end of the fifth age . of the fifth age . There have been four There have been four catastrophes before us . catastrophes before us . Each one ended up with a Each one ended up with a destruction of the Earth . destruction of the Earth . And now we are just coming to And now we are just coming to the end of the fifth age of the Mayans , which will end now in the end of the fifth age of the Mayans , which will end now in December of 2012 . Mayans , which will end now in December of 2012 . According to the Mayan December of 2012 . According to the Mayan predictions , this will also end According to the Mayan predictions , this will also end in a giant catastrophe . predictions , this will also end in a giant catastrophe . ( loud booming ) BARNHART : The Western view of time is very linear . When we think about ... life ... time is very linear . When we think about ... life ... we see it as this linear When we think about ... life ... we see it as this linear projection heading out into the we see it as this linear projection heading out into the future . projection heading out into the future . For the Maya , they viewed life future . For the Maya , they viewed life very cyclically . For the Maya , they viewed life very cyclically . NARRATOR : Is it possible the very cyclically . NARRATOR : Is it possible the Mayan calendar ends on December NARRATOR : Is it possible the Mayan calendar ends on December 21 , 2012 because they expected Mayan calendar ends on December 21 , 2012 because they expected that the fifth age of man will 21 , 2012 because they expected that the fifth age of man will end much in the same way as it that the fifth age of man will end much in the same way as it began ? end much in the same way as it began ? Were they privy to some ancient began ? Were they privy to some ancient knowledge that has been lost in Were they privy to some ancient knowledge that has been lost in time ? knowledge that has been lost in time ? And if so , can proof be found by time ? And if so , can proof be found by examining similar doomsday And if so , can proof be found by examining similar doomsday predictions from other ancient examining similar doomsday predictions from other ancient cultures ? MORTON : Egyptian time-coding in the Great Pyramid of Giza is telling us that there will be a in the Great Pyramid of Giza is telling us that there will be a series of water-based telling us that there will be a series of water-based catastrophes between late 2004 series of water-based catastrophes between late 2004 through about 2006 , and look catastrophes between late 2004 through about 2006 , and look what happened . through about 2006 , and look what happened . We have the Asian tsunami , which what happened . We have the Asian tsunami , which kills about 250,000 people . We have the Asian tsunami , which kills about 250,000 people . We have Hurricane Katrina . kills about 250,000 people . We have Hurricane Katrina . ( thunder crashes ) And then there 's actually this trough called the " River of Fire " which is warning us of trough called the " River of Fire " which is warning us of some massive cosmic event , maybe Fire " which is warning us of some massive cosmic event , maybe a solar flare or what have you , some massive cosmic event , maybe a solar flare or what have you , that then washes humanity back a solar flare or what have you , that then washes humanity back into this pit . that then washes humanity back into this pit . NARRATOR : In addition to the into this pit . NARRATOR : In addition to the eerie similarity between the NARRATOR : In addition to the eerie similarity between the Mayan and Egyptian prophecies , eerie similarity between the Mayan and Egyptian prophecies , researchers have also noticed a Mayan and Egyptian prophecies , researchers have also noticed a connection in the doomsday researchers have also noticed a connection in the doomsday predictions of the Hopi Indians connection in the doomsday predictions of the Hopi Indians of the American Southwest . YOUNG : The Hopi people of the Native American nations believe Native American nations believe that we are in the fifth age of that we are in the fifth age of man and that this is an age of man and that this is an age of purification and that it is near purification and that it is near the end time . the end time . MORTON : The Hopi believe that MORTON : The Hopi believe that unless all the people of the Earth can come down and live unless all the people of the Earth can come down and live more in harmony with themselves Earth can come down and live more in harmony with themselves and with the planet , that more in harmony with themselves and with the planet , that there 's going to be a great and with the planet , that there 's going to be a great destruction coming . there 's going to be a great destruction coming . ( rumbling ) NARRATOR : In India , the ancient Buddhist and Hindu astronomical manuscript , Surya - ancient Buddhist and Hindu astronomical manuscript , Surya - Siddhanta , predicts that astronomical manuscript , Surya - Siddhanta , predicts that mankind will soon reach the end Siddhanta , predicts that mankind will soon reach the end of the Kali Yuga , the final age mankind will soon reach the end of the Kali Yuga , the final age of man . of the Kali Yuga , the final age of man . YOUNG : The male divinity , of man . YOUNG : The male divinity , Kali , that is referred to in the YOUNG : The male divinity , Kali , that is referred to in the End of Days of the Mahabharata , Kali , that is referred to in the End of Days of the Mahabharata , refers to a time of great chaos End of Days of the Mahabharata , refers to a time of great chaos and discord , and , depending on refers to a time of great chaos and discord , and , depending on how you read the dating in the and discord , and , depending on how you read the dating in the script , we are well into it . NARRATOR : Even the Christian Bible predicts , in great detail , a horrific , fiery apocalypse . Bible predicts , in great detail , a horrific , fiery apocalypse . YOUNG : The Christian writers a horrific , fiery apocalypse . YOUNG : The Christian writers on the end of time focus on YOUNG : The Christian writers on the end of time focus on certain things : that the Jewish on the end of time focus on certain things : that the Jewish people return to the Holy Land certain things : that the Jewish people return to the Holy Land and reclaim it , which happened people return to the Holy Land and reclaim it , which happened some years ago ; that the nation and reclaim it , which happened some years ago ; that the nation thereby established would some years ago ; that the nation thereby established would finally claim Jerusalem , which thereby established would finally claim Jerusalem , which has happened some years ago ; finally claim Jerusalem , which has happened some years ago ; that there would be a great has happened some years ago ; that there would be a great expansion of the territory until that there would be a great expansion of the territory until it was a very large nation . expansion of the territory until it was a very large nation . Finally , it is the claiming of it was a very large nation . Finally , it is the claiming of the temple , which is on Temple Finally , it is the claiming of the temple , which is on Temple Mount , which is holy in Islam . the temple , which is on Temple Mount , which is holy in Islam . But it must be taken and Mount , which is holy in Islam . But it must be taken and restored to its original But it must be taken and restored to its original condition . restored to its original condition . It is that place that the condition . It is that place that the Messiah will actually come to It is that place that the Messiah will actually come to rule the Earth before the End of Messiah will actually come to rule the Earth before the End of Days . COPPENS : The idea that we are living in end times , not living in end times , not necessarily the end of the world necessarily the end of the world but the end of a world , is quite but the end of a world , is quite global . NARRATOR : While most ancient doomsday prophecies only broadly suggest the timing of the doomsday prophecies only broadly suggest the timing of the so-called End of Days ... suggest the timing of the so-called End of Days ... the Maya prediction boldly so-called End of Days ... the Maya prediction boldly points to an exact date . the Maya prediction boldly points to an exact date . Their Long Count Calendar comes points to an exact date . Their Long Count Calendar comes to a decisive end on Friday , Their Long Count Calendar comes to a decisive end on Friday , December 21 , 2012 , a date that to a decisive end on Friday , December 21 , 2012 , a date that many scientists and astronomers December 21 , 2012 , a date that many scientists and astronomers agree will coincide with an many scientists and astronomers agree will coincide with an extremely rare alignment of agree will coincide with an extremely rare alignment of celestial bodies in the extremely rare alignment of celestial bodies in the Milky Way Galaxy . celestial bodies in the Milky Way Galaxy . But how could the Mayan calendar Milky Way Galaxy . But how could the Mayan calendar be so accurate ? BARNHART : It is a true thing to say about the Maya that they to say about the Maya that they created the most elaborate created the most elaborate calendar system of any culture calendar system of any culture in the world . in the world . They had a solar calendar , but They had a solar calendar , but before that , they had the before that , they had the sacred calendar . sacred calendar . When you look at the ratio When you look at the ratio between those two , you get 365.2422 days for an actual between those two , you get 365.2422 days for an actual year . 365.2422 days for an actual year . The atomic clock says that it 's year . The atomic clock says that it 's 365.2420 , but they admit that The atomic clock says that it 's 365.2420 , but they admit that at the fourth decimal point , 365.2420 , but they admit that at the fourth decimal point , they could be plus or minus at the fourth decimal point , they could be plus or minus five wrong . they could be plus or minus five wrong . So we 're not sure who 's more five wrong . So we 're not sure who 's more accurate . So we 're not sure who 's more accurate . Is it the Maya , or is it the accurate . Is it the Maya , or is it the atomic clock ? NEWMAN : The sophisticated way the Maya track time is ... way the Maya track time is ... is incredible , even by today 's is incredible , even by today 's standards . standards . It 's almost like they had It 's almost like they had sophisticated computer sophisticated computer technologies or programs that technologies or programs that could somehow run it . could somehow run it . And even today , we 're just And even today , we 're just catching up and trying to catching up and trying to understand how they managed to understand how they managed to do such an amazing job way back do such an amazing job way back in prehistory . in prehistory . NARRATOR : The third Maya NARRATOR : The third Maya calendar , known as the Long Count , measured time in cycles calendar , known as the Long Count , measured time in cycles of 394 years or 144,000 days . GERARDO ALDANA : The Long Count is really just like an Count is really just like an odometer in your car . odometer in your car . It just ticks off days . It just ticks off days . It counts one , two , three , all It counts one , two , three , all the way up to 144,000 , which we the way up to 144,000 , which we call bak 'tuns . call bak 'tuns . NARRATOR : The Maya Long Count NARRATOR : The Maya Long Count calendar also measured time in a series of 13 bak 'tun cycles , calendar also measured time in a series of 13 bak 'tun cycles , totaling 5,125 years . series of 13 bak 'tun cycles , totaling 5,125 years . According to scholars , the dates totaling 5,125 years . According to scholars , the dates stretch from August 11 , 3114 BC According to scholars , the dates stretch from August 11 , 3114 BC to December 21 , 2012 . stretch from August 11 , 3114 BC to December 21 , 2012 . And there , inexplicably , to December 21 , 2012 . And there , inexplicably , it stops . And there , inexplicably , it stops . Why were the Maya tracking it stops . Why were the Maya tracking celestial events in cycles of Why were the Maya tracking celestial events in cycles of over thousands of years ? celestial events in cycles of over thousands of years ? Was it simply , as some scholars over thousands of years ? Was it simply , as some scholars suggest , because they could ? Was it simply , as some scholars suggest , because they could ? Or did they , as ancient suggest , because they could ? Or did they , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , Or did they , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , create the calendar as a way of astronaut theorists believe , create the calendar as a way of marking time until the return of create the calendar as a way of marking time until the return of otherworldly visitors , beings marking time until the return of otherworldly visitors , beings that were believed by them to otherworldly visitors , beings that were believed by them to be gods ? that were believed by them to be gods ? COPPENS : Some calendar be gods ? COPPENS : Some calendar systems from the Mayans , today , COPPENS : Some calendar systems from the Mayans , today , science has no idea about what systems from the Mayans , today , science has no idea about what they are based on , but we just science has no idea about what they are based on , but we just know that they exist for a they are based on , but we just know that they exist for a specific reason . know that they exist for a specific reason . So it is clear that they were specific reason . So it is clear that they were given to them by an intelligence So it is clear that they were given to them by an intelligence who knew what these calendar given to them by an intelligence who knew what these calendar rounds represented . who knew what these calendar rounds represented . And so , what we are seeing is rounds represented . And so , what we are seeing is that the Mayans are working with And so , what we are seeing is that the Mayans are working with tools , technology , calendar that the Mayans are working with tools , technology , calendar systems , which were specifically tools , technology , calendar systems , which were specifically engineered because they had systems , which were specifically engineered because they had been told that when certain engineered because they had been told that when certain things in the skies looked a been told that when certain things in the skies looked a certain way , then the gods things in the skies looked a certain way , then the gods would return . GEORGE NOORY : The Mayans were incredible at what they did . incredible at what they did . The big question is : how did The big question is : how did they know this ? they know this ? You have to say to yourself , You have to say to yourself , perhaps civilizations might be perhaps civilizations might be much older than we think and much older than we think and they passed down knowledge they passed down knowledge for hundreds and hundreds of for hundreds and hundreds of thousands of years , or somebody thousands of years , or somebody came down and taught them . NARRATOR : Did the Maya create the Long Count Calendar to warn us of a deadly cataclysm ? the Long Count Calendar to warn us of a deadly cataclysm ? Or were they simply intending to us of a deadly cataclysm ? Or were they simply intending to inform us of the day which will Or were they simply intending to inform us of the day which will signal the return of their gods ? inform us of the day which will signal the return of their gods ? But who- - or what- - were these signal the return of their gods ? But who- - or what- - were these gods ? But who- - or what- - were these gods ? And what is their agenda ? gods ? And what is their agenda ? According to ancient astronaut And what is their agenda ? According to ancient astronaut theorists , the answer can be According to ancient astronaut theorists , the answer can be found in the stars . NARRATOR : Tikal . Northern Guatemala . Located within the dense Northern Guatemala . Located within the dense tropical jungles of Central Located within the dense tropical jungles of Central America , this archaeological tropical jungles of Central America , this archaeological site was once one of the great America , this archaeological site was once one of the great urban centers of the Mayan site was once one of the great urban centers of the Mayan civilization . urban centers of the Mayan civilization . Here , along the Grand Plaza , the civilization . Here , along the Grand Plaza , the Maya built seven pyramid-shaped Here , along the Grand Plaza , the Maya built seven pyramid-shaped temples aligned to mimic the Maya built seven pyramid-shaped temples aligned to mimic the constellation Pleiades . HAWKES : They called it the Seven Sisters because it Seven Sisters because it consisted of seven bright stars . consisted of seven bright stars . They also believed that the They also believed that the Pleiades was at the center of all fixed stars , so when they Pleiades was at the center of all fixed stars , so when they looked at the Pleiades , they all fixed stars , so when they looked at the Pleiades , they believed that that may have been looked at the Pleiades , they believed that that may have been the center of all creation , and believed that that may have been the center of all creation , and they believed that they came the center of all creation , and they believed that they came from the center of that they believed that they came from the center of that creation , or , simply put , they from the center of that creation , or , simply put , they came from Pleiades . creation , or , simply put , they came from Pleiades . CHILDRESS : Why would the came from Pleiades . CHILDRESS : Why would the Mayans go through such a CHILDRESS : Why would the Mayans go through such a tremendous effort to recreate Mayans go through such a tremendous effort to recreate a mirror image of the stars on tremendous effort to recreate a mirror image of the stars on the ground ? Why would they do that unless they wanted to contact the they wanted to contact the extraterrestrial gods who had extraterrestrial gods who had originally given them the originally given them the information ? information ? HAWKES : Pleiades was not HAWKES : Pleiades was not only important to the Maya ; it was also important to only important to the Maya ; it was also important to Native Americans . it was also important to Native Americans . The Cherokee , for example , the Native Americans . The Cherokee , for example , the Hopi , believe that they The Cherokee , for example , the Hopi , believe that they descended from star beings that Hopi , believe that they descended from star beings that came from the Pleiades star descended from star beings that came from the Pleiades star cluster . came from the Pleiades star cluster . NARRATOR : According to cluster . NARRATOR : According to scholars , the Maya believed NARRATOR : According to scholars , the Maya believed that powerful gods descended to scholars , the Maya believed that powerful gods descended to Earth from the stars , including that powerful gods descended to Earth from the stars , including a feathered serpent known Earth from the stars , including a feathered serpent known as Kukulkan . a feathered serpent known as Kukulkan . CHILDRESS : According to Mayan as Kukulkan . CHILDRESS : According to Mayan legend , Kukulkan was the winged CHILDRESS : According to Mayan legend , Kukulkan was the winged serpent , some serpent god who legend , Kukulkan was the winged serpent , some serpent god who could fly . serpent , some serpent god who could fly . COPPENS : Kukulkan , by the could fly . COPPENS : Kukulkan , by the Maya , is depicted in a number COPPENS : Kukulkan , by the Maya , is depicted in a number of ways . Maya , is depicted in a number of ways . Sometimes he is human . of ways . Sometimes he is human . Sometimes he is a serpent . Sometimes he is human . Sometimes he is a serpent . Sometimes we see him emanating Sometimes he is a serpent . Sometimes we see him emanating from a serpent 's head . We know that there is no way that a human being can emerge that a human being can emerge from a physical serpent , so the from a physical serpent , so the serpent must stand for something serpent must stand for something else- - either a construction or else- - either a construction or a device . a device . Now , because we know Kukulkan is Now , because we know Kukulkan is a deity , we also definitely need to consider that this device is a deity , we also definitely need to consider that this device is somehow a ship and Kukulkan to consider that this device is somehow a ship and Kukulkan emerges from within the confines somehow a ship and Kukulkan emerges from within the confines of the ship to the outside world emerges from within the confines of the ship to the outside world and reveals himself as a deity of the ship to the outside world and reveals himself as a deity to the people . HAWKES : Kukulkan was the creator of all life who led the Maya into an age of scientific creator of all life who led the Maya into an age of scientific advancement , and advancement Maya into an age of scientific advancement , and advancement of art and architecture . advancement , and advancement of art and architecture . According to ancient Maya of art and architecture . According to ancient Maya mythology , Kukulkan left the According to ancient Maya mythology , Kukulkan left the people and said he would return mythology , Kukulkan left the people and said he would return one day , and many scholars people and said he would return one day , and many scholars believe that the ending of the one day , and many scholars believe that the ending of the Maya calendar , on December 21 believe that the ending of the Maya calendar , on December 21 this year , will mark the return Maya calendar , on December 21 this year , will mark the return of Kukulkan . NARRATOR : 400 miles north of Tikal , in the ancient Maya city of Chichen Itza , stands a Tikal , in the ancient Maya city of Chichen Itza , stands a uniquely designed pyramid , built of Chichen Itza , stands a uniquely designed pyramid , built by the Maya to honor Kukulkan . TSOUKALOS : Unlike most of the pyramids all around the world , pyramids all around the world , the platform pyramid we can find the platform pyramid we can find at Chichen Itza is not directed at Chichen Itza is not directed in a north-south or east-west in a north-south or east-west direction , but it 's a little direction , but it 's a little bit off . bit off . There is a specific reason for There is a specific reason for that , and that is , during the spring and fall equinox , a that , and that is , during the spring and fall equinox , a shadow play is cast upon the spring and fall equinox , a shadow play is cast upon the side of the pyramid signifying shadow play is cast upon the side of the pyramid signifying the descent of Kukulkan , the side of the pyramid signifying the descent of Kukulkan , the extraterrestrial descending from the descent of Kukulkan , the extraterrestrial descending from the sky , staying a while on extraterrestrial descending from the sky , staying a while on Earth , and then ascending the sky , staying a while on Earth , and then ascending towards the heavens . Earth , and then ascending towards the heavens . What we have here is an example towards the heavens . What we have here is an example of living mythology . So my question is : what did they mean when they talked about this deity that descended they mean when they talked about this deity that descended from the sky ? about this deity that descended from the sky ? NARRATOR : Why was it so from the sky ? NARRATOR : Why was it so important to the Maya to build NARRATOR : Why was it so important to the Maya to build such an elaborate temple to important to the Maya to build such an elaborate temple to honor Kukulkan ? such an elaborate temple to honor Kukulkan ? Did they really expect this honor Kukulkan ? Did they really expect this serpent god to ascend to the Did they really expect this serpent god to ascend to the heavens and then descend to serpent god to ascend to the heavens and then descend to Earth ? heavens and then descend to Earth ? Or could Kukulkan be something Earth ? Or could Kukulkan be something even more incredible ? Or could Kukulkan be something even more incredible ? Something not of this world ? even more incredible ? Something not of this world ? TSOUKALOS : If you look up in Something not of this world ? TSOUKALOS : If you look up in the air today , and you watch TSOUKALOS : If you look up in the air today , and you watch a plane , it leaves behind this the air today , and you watch a plane , it leaves behind this plume of smoke as it travels a plane , it leaves behind this plume of smoke as it travels across the sky and you 've got plume of smoke as it travels across the sky and you 've got the snake 's tail wiggling at across the sky and you 've got the snake 's tail wiggling at its backside . the snake 's tail wiggling at its backside . So if you look at it from that its backside . So if you look at it from that perspective , that can be So if you look at it from that perspective , that can be described as a flying snake . perspective , that can be described as a flying snake . And in my opinion , that was described as a flying snake . And in my opinion , that was nothing else but a description And in my opinion , that was nothing else but a description of some type of an nothing else but a description of some type of an extraterrestrial craft that of some type of an extraterrestrial craft that descended from the sky out of extraterrestrial craft that descended from the sky out of which the gods , lower case " g , " descended from the sky out of which the gods , lower case " g , " emerged and taught them in which the gods , lower case " g , " emerged and taught them in various disciplines . VON DANIKEN : The message is clear . clear . God Kukulkan descended to the God Kukulkan descended to the humans . humans . He was a certain time among the He was a certain time among the humans . humans . He was the teacher of the humans He was the teacher of the humans and then he disappeared again , and then he disappeared again , but with the promise to return but with the promise to return one day to the humans . one day to the humans . NARRATOR : Is it really NARRATOR : Is it really possible , as some ancient astronaut theorists suggest , possible , as some ancient astronaut theorists suggest , that Kukulkan was , in fact , astronaut theorists suggest , that Kukulkan was , in fact , a flying spacecraft , that Kukulkan was , in fact , a flying spacecraft , engineered and piloted by a flying spacecraft , engineered and piloted by otherworldly visitors ? engineered and piloted by otherworldly visitors ? And , if so , could this explain otherworldly visitors ? And , if so , could this explain the frequent depictions of this And , if so , could this explain the frequent depictions of this ancient Mayan god as having a the frequent depictions of this ancient Mayan god as having a face appearing out of a ancient Mayan god as having a face appearing out of a serpent 's head , similar to face appearing out of a serpent 's head , similar to that of a pilot operating a serpent 's head , similar to that of a pilot operating a vehicle ? According to researchers , clues to the connection between the Maya and otherworldly beings can to the connection between the Maya and otherworldly beings can also be found in the Mayan Maya and otherworldly beings can also be found in the Mayan manuscript known as the Popul also be found in the Mayan manuscript known as the Popul Vuh , meaning " The Book of the manuscript known as the Popul Vuh , meaning " The Book of the People . " Vuh , meaning " The Book of the People . " It is a collection of the only People . " It is a collection of the only known Maya oral histories still It is a collection of the only known Maya oral histories still surviving . known Maya oral histories still surviving . Translated and written in the surviving . Translated and written in the mid-16th century , this book Translated and written in the mid-16th century , this book encompasses a range of subjects , mid-16th century , this book encompasses a range of subjects , including Mayan creation myths . ED BARNHART : The Popul Vuh begins with nothing . begins with nothing . There 's nothing there . There 's nothing there . There 's a watery surface , but There 's a watery surface , but there 's no sky . There 's no land . there 's no sky . There 's no land . The gods emerge out of this There 's no land . The gods emerge out of this water . They begin with nothing . And the gods decide to make people . And the gods decide to make people . Coming right out of one of the people . Coming right out of one of the most seemingly inhospitable Coming right out of one of the most seemingly inhospitable places for civilization to most seemingly inhospitable places for civilization to sprout , comes this culture , places for civilization to sprout , comes this culture , the Maya , who create this sprout , comes this culture , the Maya , who create this collection of independent the Maya , who create this collection of independent city states and build pyramids . collection of independent city states and build pyramids . They develop a written language city states and build pyramids . They develop a written language and a mathematical system . They develop a written language and a mathematical system . They grow up into this forest and a mathematical system . They grow up into this forest there , reaching populations into They grow up into this forest there , reaching populations into the multimillions . TSOUKALOS : In the Popol Vuh , it clearly states that life was brought here by the gods and it clearly states that life was brought here by the gods and that those gods came from outer brought here by the gods and that those gods came from outer space . that those gods came from outer space . It doesn 't say that they came space . It doesn 't say that they came from inner Earth . It doesn 't say that they came from inner Earth . It also doesn 't say that they from inner Earth . It also doesn 't say that they came from another continent or It also doesn 't say that they came from another continent or another land . came from another continent or another land . But it states specifically another land . But it states specifically that they descended from the sky But it states specifically that they descended from the sky and essentially brought that they descended from the sky and essentially brought knowledge to planet Earth . and essentially brought knowledge to planet Earth . PHILIP COPPENS : What you have knowledge to planet Earth . PHILIP COPPENS : What you have in the Popol Vuh is very much PHILIP COPPENS : What you have in the Popol Vuh is very much like a manual . in the Popol Vuh is very much like a manual . It is something that you want to like a manual . It is something that you want to give to the people and say , this It is something that you want to give to the people and say , this is what we , our ancestors , have give to the people and say , this is what we , our ancestors , have decided together with the gods , is what we , our ancestors , have decided together with the gods , and this is really what you decided together with the gods , and this is really what you should keep in mind for the next and this is really what you should keep in mind for the next few centuries up until the should keep in mind for the next few centuries up until the moment in time when the gods few centuries up until the moment in time when the gods return . moment in time when the gods return . NARRATOR : Is it really return . NARRATOR : Is it really possible- - as ancient astronaut NARRATOR : Is it really possible- - as ancient astronaut theorists believe- - that the possible- - as ancient astronaut theorists believe- - that the Maya god Kukulkan was an theorists believe- - that the Maya god Kukulkan was an extraterrestrial entity ? Maya god Kukulkan was an extraterrestrial entity ? One that is destined to return extraterrestrial entity ? One that is destined to return one day from the stars ? One that is destined to return one day from the stars ? And , if so , does it suggest that one day from the stars ? And , if so , does it suggest that there may be truth to another And , if so , does it suggest that there may be truth to another Mayan legend , one that predicts there may be truth to another Mayan legend , one that predicts that our time on Earth may be Mayan legend , one that predicts that our time on Earth may be running out ? NARRATOR : Monument Number Six . It is on this stone tablet , on Six . It is on this stone tablet , on which are carved a series of It is on this stone tablet , on which are carved a series of ancient Mayan hieroglyphs , which which are carved a series of ancient Mayan hieroglyphs , which according to scholars ancient Mayan hieroglyphs , which according to scholars ominously predict a cataclysmic according to scholars ominously predict a cataclysmic event on December 21 , 2012 . BARNHART : This is a long monument that talks about the monument that talks about the lifetime of a particular king . lifetime of a particular king . But at the end of it , it goes But at the end of it , it goes forward into the future , takes this big leap from the 600s AD forward into the future , takes this big leap from the 600s AD up to 2012 . this big leap from the 600s AD up to 2012 . It definitely says Four Ahau , up to 2012 . It definitely says Four Ahau , Eight Konkin arriving the 13th It definitely says Four Ahau , Eight Konkin arriving the 13th bak 'tun or 400-year period . Eight Konkin arriving the 13th bak 'tun or 400-year period . But then there are only three bak 'tun or 400-year period . But then there are only three more glyphs and they are eroded But then there are only three more glyphs and they are eroded and broken partially . more glyphs and they are eroded and broken partially . NARRATOR : Some scholars and broken partially . NARRATOR : Some scholars believe that the eroded glyphs NARRATOR : Some scholars believe that the eroded glyphs on Monument Six suggest that believe that the eroded glyphs on Monument Six suggest that Bolon Yokte- - a god similar to on Monument Six suggest that Bolon Yokte- - a god similar to Kukulkan- - will return at the Bolon Yokte- - a god similar to Kukulkan- - will return at the end of the Mayan calendar . VON DANIKEN : The Mayan specialists can read it " will specialists can read it " will descend from heaven god Bolon descend from heaven god Bolon Yokte . " Bolon Yokte was one of the Maya gods who was present with the creation of man . gods who was present with the creation of man . So they say , " Will descend , god creation of man . So they say , " Will descend , god Bolon Yokte . " So they say , " Will descend , god Bolon Yokte . " So some gods , some Bolon Yokte . " So some gods , some extraterrestrials , were So some gods , some extraterrestrials , were expected to return . extraterrestrials , were expected to return . And definitely , some of the gods expected to return . And definitely , some of the gods will return . And definitely , some of the gods will return . There is absolutely no doubt . TSOUKALOS : Who was this Bolon Yokte ? According to the documents that have survived , and they 're only have survived , and they 're only fragmentary , he was always fragmentary , he was always described as someone with great described as someone with great powers , who had the capacity of powers , who had the capacity of flight and who had incredible flight and who had incredible knowledge about the universe . BARNHART : The God Bolon Yokte is not a very well understood god . is not a very well understood god . Sometimes he 's associated with god . Sometimes he 's associated with texts that talk about the Sometimes he 's associated with texts that talk about the beginning of creation back in texts that talk about the beginning of creation back in 3114 BC . beginning of creation back in 3114 BC . And we see him in some context 3114 BC . And we see him in some context that seemed to be connected with And we see him in some context that seemed to be connected with war . that seemed to be connected with war . TSOUKALOS : Bolon Yokte was war . TSOUKALOS : Bolon Yokte was also described as being very TSOUKALOS : Bolon Yokte was also described as being very tall and very shiny , glowing . also described as being very tall and very shiny , glowing . Is it possible that what we tall and very shiny , glowing . Is it possible that what we have here is a description of an Is it possible that what we have here is a description of an ancient alien ? have here is a description of an ancient alien ? And the answer is yes . ancient alien ? And the answer is yes . NARRATOR : But while there is And the answer is yes . NARRATOR : But while there is much mystery surrounding the NARRATOR : But while there is much mystery surrounding the legend of Bolon Yokte , much mystery surrounding the legend of Bolon Yokte , researchers say the ancient legend of Bolon Yokte , researchers say the ancient Maya believed this entity had researchers say the ancient Maya believed this entity had visited their ancestors Maya believed this entity had visited their ancestors before- - thousands of years in visited their ancestors before- - thousands of years in the past . before- - thousands of years in the past . TSOUKALOS : There is another the past . TSOUKALOS : There is another reference to Bolon Yokte TSOUKALOS : There is another reference to Bolon Yokte at Palenque in Temple 14 , reference to Bolon Yokte at Palenque in Temple 14 , where it is clearly stated that at Palenque in Temple 14 , where it is clearly stated that Bolon Yokte appeared on Earth where it is clearly stated that Bolon Yokte appeared on Earth over 900,000 years ago . Bolon Yokte appeared on Earth over 900,000 years ago . Why would anyone in their right over 900,000 years ago . Why would anyone in their right mind record a date that goes Why would anyone in their right mind record a date that goes back over 900,000 years ago ? mind record a date that goes back over 900,000 years ago ? Well , something happened . back over 900,000 years ago ? Well , something happened . Something very significant . Well , something happened . Something very significant . And according to the ancient Something very significant . And according to the ancient texts , that is when Bolon Yokte And according to the ancient texts , that is when Bolon Yokte descended to Earth from the sky . NARRATOR : Similar stories suggesting that the Maya were , in some way , connected to suggesting that the Maya were , in some way , connected to otherworldly beings can be in some way , connected to otherworldly beings can be found in an ancient Maya text otherworldly beings can be found in an ancient Maya text known as the Chilam Balam ... found in an ancient Maya text known as the Chilam Balam ... a collection of oral histories known as the Chilam Balam ... a collection of oral histories passed down through the ages . a collection of oral histories passed down through the ages . VON DANIKEN : The Chilam Balam passed down through the ages . VON DANIKEN : The Chilam Balam books were written between VON DANIKEN : The Chilam Balam books were written between the 16th and the 18th centuries , books were written between the 16th and the 18th centuries , when the Spanish conquerors were the 16th and the 18th centuries , when the Spanish conquerors were already there . when the Spanish conquerors were already there . First , the Spanish arrived . already there . First , the Spanish arrived . They found hundreds of Maya First , the Spanish arrived . They found hundreds of Maya writings . They found hundreds of Maya writings . They destroyed them all . writings . They destroyed them all . But then some of the priests They destroyed them all . But then some of the priests escaped and they start to write But then some of the priests escaped and they start to write up their old knowledge . escaped and they start to write up their old knowledge . That 's the reason how the Chilam up their old knowledge . That 's the reason how the Chilam Balam books came to existence . BARNHART : The name Chilam Balam is actually the name for a priesthood who were kind of Balam is actually the name for a priesthood who were kind of the historians of communities a priesthood who were kind of the historians of communities in the Yucatan . the historians of communities in the Yucatan . But we have this collection of in the Yucatan . But we have this collection of books that we call But we have this collection of books that we call the Chilam Balams . books that we call the Chilam Balams . These are the books in which we the Chilam Balams . These are the books in which we find this information about how These are the books in which we find this information about how the Maya believe that what 's find this information about how the Maya believe that what 's happened before will the Maya believe that what 's happened before will happen again . happened before will happen again . In the opinion of the people happen again . In the opinion of the people that write the Chilam Balams , In the opinion of the people that write the Chilam Balams , they believe them to be that write the Chilam Balams , they believe them to be very accurate . they believe them to be very accurate . The Chilam Balam talks about very accurate . The Chilam Balam talks about these 20-year periods . The Chilam Balam talks about these 20-year periods . " In this 20-year period , you these 20-year periods . " In this 20-year period , you could see it was " In this 20-year period , you could see it was a bad time for us . could see it was a bad time for us . We can expect negative things a bad time for us . We can expect negative things to befall us . " We can expect negative things to befall us . " And of course , one of the most to befall us . " And of course , one of the most negative and bad-luck times they And of course , one of the most negative and bad-luck times they have is the arrival negative and bad-luck times they have is the arrival of the Spanish . have is the arrival of the Spanish . And they point to that as , " See ? of the Spanish . And they point to that as , " See ? Clearly in the cycles of time , And they point to that as , " See ? Clearly in the cycles of time , we could almost predict that Clearly in the cycles of time , we could almost predict that this calamity was bound to we could almost predict that this calamity was bound to happen to us at this time . " NARRATOR : In the Chilam Bilam it states that the god Bolon Yokte will someday return and it states that the god Bolon Yokte will someday return and battle the deities of heaven in Yokte will someday return and battle the deities of heaven in an epic war of good versus evil . COPPENS : Each age for the Mayans was clearly defined , and Mayans was clearly defined , and it was defined by the it was defined by the gods returning . gods returning . And so what we have today , or in And so what we have today , or in the near future , is the imminent the near future , is the imminent arrival according to the Mayan arrival according to the Mayan tradition of these deities . tradition of these deities . NARRATOR : This prediction of NARRATOR : This prediction of a final apocalyptic battle a final apocalyptic battle between good and evil as between good and evil as described in the Chilam Bilam , described in the Chilam Bilam , can also be found in the can also be found in the Christian Bible 's book Christian Bible 's book of Revelation . of Revelation . MORTON : It is interesting MORTON : It is interesting that if you look at the last that if you look at the last book of the Bible , it talks book of the Bible , it talks about some great war in heaven about some great war in heaven between the Archangel Michael between the Archangel Michael and the great dragon . and the great dragon . Is there some last great war in Is there some last great war in heaven that occurs at heaven that occurs at this final age ? this final age ? NARRATOR : If the Maya NARRATOR : If the Maya prophecy about the return of prophecy about the return of Bolon Yokte is true , might there Bolon Yokte is true , might there really be a so-called battle really be a so-called battle between good and evil ? between good and evil ? One that will result in the One that will result in the annihilation of all mankind ? annihilation of all mankind ? If so , how ? NARRATOR : Planet Earth . Although there are many theories about its age and origin , one Although there are many theories about its age and origin , one fact is certain : our planet is about its age and origin , one fact is certain : our planet is billions of years old . fact is certain : our planet is billions of years old . And mankind 's existence on its billions of years old . And mankind 's existence on its surface is relatively recent ... And mankind 's existence on its surface is relatively recent ... and fragile . surface is relatively recent ... and fragile . Throughout history , the and fragile . Throughout history , the biggest threat to mankind has Throughout history , the biggest threat to mankind has come in the form of natural biggest threat to mankind has come in the form of natural disasters . come in the form of natural disasters . But does that mean the world disasters . But does that mean the world will end on December 21 , 2012 ? But does that mean the world will end on December 21 , 2012 ? Recent evidence has shown that will end on December 21 , 2012 ? Recent evidence has shown that the ancient Mayans possessed Recent evidence has shown that the ancient Mayans possessed knowledge about the universe the ancient Mayans possessed knowledge about the universe and its fate that we are only knowledge about the universe and its fate that we are only just beginning to understand . CHILDRESS : According to the Mayans , the world has already Mayans , the world has already ended four times before this ended four times before this coming cataclysm . coming cataclysm . It ended before in , in fire and It ended before in , in fire and in ice and in water . This next cataclysm could be a combination of all that or a combination of all that or even something completely even something completely different . MORTON : Not only did the Mayans know our place in the Mayans know our place in the universe , but they also knew how universe , but they also knew how old the universe was . old the universe was . The Mayans put the date of the The Mayans put the date of the universe at 16.4 billion years . universe at 16.4 billion years . Modern science today puts it at Modern science today puts it at about 14 and a half , maybe 15 . about 14 and a half , maybe 15 . And yet the better our And yet the better our technology gets the more we begin to realize that the Mayans technology gets the more we begin to realize that the Mayans were correct . begin to realize that the Mayans were correct . NARRATOR : Is it possible were correct . NARRATOR : Is it possible then , as the Mayans predicted , NARRATOR : Is it possible then , as the Mayans predicted , that the Earth and sun will then , as the Mayans predicted , that the Earth and sun will align with a black hole on that the Earth and sun will align with a black hole on December 21 , 2012 ? align with a black hole on December 21 , 2012 ? And if so , will such a cosmic December 21 , 2012 ? And if so , will such a cosmic event have dire consequences And if so , will such a cosmic event have dire consequences for our world ? event have dire consequences for our world ? MORTON : The Tibetans believe for our world ? MORTON : The Tibetans believe that the sun is a lens ... MORTON : The Tibetans believe that the sun is a lens ... that it activates and amplifies that the sun is a lens ... that it activates and amplifies things behind it or things that it activates and amplifies things behind it or things coming in front of it . things behind it or things coming in front of it . If that 's the case , on December coming in front of it . If that 's the case , on December 21 , you have an energy that 's If that 's the case , on December 21 , you have an energy that 's coming from the center of the 21 , you have an energy that 's coming from the center of the galaxy that comes from coming from the center of the galaxy that comes from the dark rift ... that comes galaxy that comes from the dark rift ... that comes comes from the womb of the the dark rift ... that comes comes from the womb of the galaxy , if you will , that is now comes from the womb of the galaxy , if you will , that is now gonna be amplified by the sun , galaxy , if you will , that is now gonna be amplified by the sun , that is going to have some kind gonna be amplified by the sun , that is going to have some kind of effect on humanity . NOORY : I think the Mayans had an understanding of celestial mechanics . an understanding of celestial mechanics . They understood that the sun was celestial mechanics . They understood that the sun was going through change . And so my belief is that something will happen something will happen with the sun . with the sun . HAWKES : Well , we know from HAWKES : Well , we know from past experience that solar past experience that solar flares can interfere with flares can interfere with electronic equipment . electronic equipment . We could see the power grid go We could see the power grid go down , for example . down , for example . We could see major things We could see major things change in modern society that change in modern society that pretty much would cripple us . pretty much would cripple us . But if we 're talking about But if we 're talking about losing that ability for an losing that ability for an extended period of time , I extended period of time , I daresay we 'd be talking about a daresay we 'd be talking about a scenario that would result in scenario that would result in major changes , and quite major changes , and quite possibly some very ill effects . NARRATOR : Some researchers speculate that the galactic speculate that the galactic alignment might change or even alignment might change or even reverse how the Earth spins on reverse how the Earth spins on its axis by altering its its axis by altering its magnetic field . magnetic field . MICHAEL DENNIN : A sign of the MICHAEL DENNIN : A sign of the magnetic field changing quickly magnetic field changing quickly would mean something has to would mean something has to happen dramatically to the happen dramatically to the angular momentum of the stuff angular momentum of the stuff inside the Earth , which might inside the Earth , which might also mean something happens also mean something happens drastically to the spin of the drastically to the spin of the Earth itself . Earth itself . And once you change the rotation And once you change the rotation of the Earth , you do have a of the Earth , you do have a chance of causing huge effects . chance of causing huge effects . It 's like having a whole bunch It 's like having a whole bunch of massive earthquakes at the same time . of massive earthquakes at the same time . HAWKES : We talk about a same time . HAWKES : We talk about a magnitude seven or a magnitude HAWKES : We talk about a magnitude seven or a magnitude eight or a magnitude nine magnitude seven or a magnitude eight or a magnitude nine earthquake as being destructive eight or a magnitude nine earthquake as being destructive beyond imagination . earthquake as being destructive beyond imagination . But what would a magnitude 12 beyond imagination . But what would a magnitude 12 or a magnitude 20 earthquake do ? But what would a magnitude 12 or a magnitude 20 earthquake do ? Could it replace the land with or a magnitude 20 earthquake do ? Could it replace the land with the sea and the sea Could it replace the land with the sea and the sea with the land ? the sea and the sea with the land ? We 're talking about events that with the land ? We 're talking about events that we 've never experienced before . We 're talking about events that we 've never experienced before . So some of these changes that we 've never experienced before . So some of these changes that people are talking about that So some of these changes that people are talking about that could occur could be life - people are talking about that could occur could be life - changing or they could be could occur could be life - changing or they could be life-ending . NARRATOR : Will the Earth really be affected by some strange , powerful astronomical really be affected by some strange , powerful astronomical alignment ? strange , powerful astronomical alignment ? One that will have profound alignment ? One that will have profound consequences for all of us ? One that will have profound consequences for all of us ? And if so , might those consequences for all of us ? And if so , might those consequences come in the form of And if so , might those consequences come in the form of death and destruction ? consequences come in the form of death and destruction ? Or might there be another , death and destruction ? Or might there be another , perhaps more positive outcome ? CHILDRESS : The end of the Mayan Long Count could mean some doomsday for planet Earth . Mayan Long Count could mean some doomsday for planet Earth . Or on the other hand , perhaps doomsday for planet Earth . Or on the other hand , perhaps it is the return of the Or on the other hand , perhaps it is the return of the extraterrestrial gods as it is the return of the extraterrestrial gods as the Mayans believed . extraterrestrial gods as the Mayans believed . It 's hard to know the future , the Mayans believed . It 's hard to know the future , what 's gonna happen at It 's hard to know the future , what 's gonna happen at the end of 2012 . what 's gonna happen at the end of 2012 . But it seems that perhaps the the end of 2012 . But it seems that perhaps the Mayans had some glimpse into the But it seems that perhaps the Mayans had some glimpse into the future that we have yet Mayans had some glimpse into the future that we have yet to find out . COPPENS : We are living in a time , specifically a culture , time , specifically a culture , which really doesn 't address the which really doesn 't address the ancient alien theory that we ancient alien theory that we are not alone . are not alone . It is indeed gonna come for a It is indeed gonna come for a global village as a complete global village as a complete revelation that we are revelation that we are not alone . not alone . And that is really , I think , a And that is really , I think , a gift from the Mayans when it gift from the Mayans when it comes to 2012 . comes to 2012 . TSOUKALOS : It is absolutely TSOUKALOS : It is absolutely correct that a calendar round correct that a calendar round is about to end , but that does is about to end , but that does not signify the end not signify the end of the world . of the world . In fact , the only thing it In fact , the only thing it signifies is the beginning of signifies is the beginning of another calendar round another calendar round of another period in time . NARRATOR : Could the Mayan doomsday prophesies doomsday prophesies really come true ? really come true ? Will December 21 , 2012 signal Will December 21 , 2012 signal the end of civilization the end of civilization as we know it ? as we know it ? Or are the dire predictions Or are the dire predictions nothing more than a myth ? nothing more than a myth ? A misinterpretation of an even A misinterpretation of an even greater truth ? greater truth ? Perhaps what awaits us is not Perhaps what awaits us is not the end of our world , the end of our world , but a new beginning . but a new beginning . One that will reveal the One that will reveal the celestial origins ... of man . celestial origins ... of man . Captioning sponsored by Captioning sponsored by AE TELEVISION
