 ♪ Keep growing , little buds , one day you 're gonna get big and have babies and they 're gonna fill my lungs with love . Jimmy ! Keys to the lock-up . Whoa , not so fast , man , you must pay a tithe to enter the Chamber of Stuff . Curtis , tithe . Um- - How about these porn star cards ? Oh , what 's this ? It 's a transhumanist porn star . You mean she-male ? Cyborg she-male . Alright , I can use this . I accept your tithe . And here- - Just keep away from the crate of snakes , please . You got it . Aw man , it 's going to take forever before you can smoke these . Need I remind you , man , patience pays off . The longer the wait , the higher the bake . Like when Todd didn 't whack off for a week and then when he did we were like " WHOA ! " Hey , what are you guys talking about ? Sweet skateboard ! Look , it 's even got a skeleton with a boner on it . Cool ! Thanks , Jimmy . See you later , dude . Are you ready ? I was stillborn ready . ♪ Whoa ! ( laughing ) Todd : Kamikaze Stonehenge ! CRASH ! Yeah ! ( laughing ) This is why my next boyfriend 's gonna be a college drop-out , or a dude with a kid someone , like , mature . What in the name of goddess ? ! Look at all these bottles and cans ! Pretty awesome , huh ? You could at least put them in the recycling bin , you monsters ! Sorry , but our school doesn 't have a recycling program . I hate this school ! There 's no recycling , our carbon footprint is obscene , and the fire extinguishers are full of deadly asbestos ! None of you care about the needs of Mother Earth ! Hey , I care about the needs of Mother Earth . Last week I found a baby bird and put it back in its nest . Then its mother wouldn 't feed it because I touched it . CRASH ! Are you okay , Gina ? Back off ! It 's pronounced Gyna ! Yeah , well , last week it was Gina , and you were a meth - smoking raver , so- - Get away from me , you ... ! Earth-rapers ! Whoa- - You all think you 're so safe and secure with your modern luxuries but just you wait ! One day Mother Earth will turn her back on you , just like you did her . Listen , Gina , Mother Earth is just a cold dead rock hurtling through space until the sun supernovas and we all die a fiery death . Ok-ay ? So , like , go eat a granola dick . Ugh ! UGH ! Disgusting ! They 're all disgusting- - Oh my , Goddess ... - - You know , Gyna does have a point . Research shows that all life on earth could be extinct within the next two hundred years . Yeah , but Sweetie , we 'll be dead by then so who cares ? But what about our children , and our children 's children ? I can 't believe I 'm the one that has to correct the science expert , but children can 't have children . Only big people can have children . Look , there 's not gonna be a future if we don 't find the Book of Pure Evil and destroy it . Yeah , otherwise Todd will become the Pure Evil One and destroy the world slightly faster than global warming . Todd : Look- - Can we have one meeting where we don 't mention that I 'm the Pure Evil One ? Perhaps now 's an opportune time for me to show you my new computer program . I 've written a sophisticated algorithm which uses a combination of statistical analysis and character profiling to determine which Crowley High student is most likely to receive the Book next . That sounds super useful . I mean , it 's no con queso finger , but still . This could be the solution to all our problems ! So- - 983 students fit the profile . Great that 's the whole school . We need to narrow down the parameters- - Just a little- - Okay , it 's not working . If this is gonna take a while , I better call my future self and warn her I 'll be late- - Hannah : Ha ha- - Hey , my phone 's dead . Shitty , mine too Now how am I gonna sext you , Jenny ? Ew , I didn 't get any sexts . Those were for Jenny ? Oh ... Hey- - My arm 's not working . Whoa- - What 's going on around here ? My secret spy cameras just died and so did my personal massage tool . Holy Jupiter Shit . Hannah : Look at this ! These vines are growing at a hugely accelerated pace ! We need to investigate , gang . You know , as far as disasters caused by the Book go , this one 's not so bad . I guess you guys haven 't noticed the poisonous snakes . Oh , actually , that 's not a poisonous breed . It 's totally harmless , unless you 're a bird , or small rodent , or a smaller snake- - We get it , that snake is a total pussy . What about that one ? That 's a more deadly breed . We gotta fight that snake ! CRACK ! Ugh , too late . We gotta run from that snake- - Gang : Ahhhhhhhhhhh ! Oh my God , check this out ! Jimmy ! Something is up ! Yeah , your cocks when you see what I have ! Holy ... shit ! Dude- - Wow . ♪ Hello . I see you 've used the Book to make some eco-friendly changes around the school . Isn 't it beautiful ? It 's like a new Eden . Yeah- - I don 't care for forests . ( crying ) ( wolf snarling ) Anyways ... - - I bet you 're getting awfully bored of the Book , why don 't you hand it over to me ? Why should I give it to you , when it 's done all this ? Because I 'm your guidance counsellor ? My work isn 't done yet . I really need something to read ? I must go further ! I must totally reclaim this land ! You know there 's fruit growing off your head , right ? Mmm- - Look ! I 'm becoming one ... with nature ! Curtis : Whoa ! See , my patience paid off ! Dude , I think we 've died and gone to Valhalla- - There 's so much weed to be smoked ! And smoked ... and smoked ! ( Todd and Curtis whimpering ) Boys , we don 't really have time for this ! Come on , let them be children . You know , this is a glorious moment . Hannah : Come on- - ( Todd and Curtis groaning ) ( giggling ) So , technology is breaking down everywhere and plants are taking over , coincidence ? Or Gyna-incidence ? ( laughing ) Truly , this is paradise . I think we 're gonna have to deal with this on our own . Yeah , I know . ( screaming ) What 's happening to me ? ! I just shaved my pits this morning ! I just waxed last night ! Ew- - Ugh ... ugh ... ahhhhhhhhh ! Jenny , did you just see that ? Some feedback please- - AHHHHHHHHH ! AH- - All this screaming 's hurting my throat . Hannah : Hannah 's journal . Hour One . With the exception of myself , everybody in Crowley High has devolved into some sort of proto-human . I 'm not entirely sure whether they are Cro-Magnon or Neanderthal- - Or is it Neander-tal ? Jimmy : Ow- - Ow- - Cave Jimmy seems shockingly similar to normal Jimmy . But I despair at what it 's done to my poor boyfriend , Curtis . Although , he did eat a bug last week . But that was because Mr. Gunderson dared him . Itchy- - Whoa- - What is that ? ( grunting ) Stop that ! Cave Jenny ! ( grunting ) ( fart sounds ) I think it 's safe to say I won 't be getting any help from this group . ( grunting ) What are you doing ? ! Stop that ! Bad cave people ! Bad cave people ! I must now stop the Book and turn my friends back into homo sapiens . But first I must teach my cave friends how to ' follow the leader ' . And in order to do that I must establish myself as the Alpha . ( grunting ) WHACK ! ( grunting ) Me , Hannah ! Me , leader ! Now , let 's find the Book . Come on cave Jimmy , let 's go , time to go ! Are you gonna stay here and eat your plants ? Well , I guess that 's one less primitive I have to worry about . ( grunting ) Come on ! Come on ! Things are looking bad for the school , but good for the botany club . ( grunting ) WHACK ! WHACK ! WHACK ! Come on , gang ! ( grunting ) ( growling ) Let 's take a break here ! ( grunting ) Hour three . The forest is dense and lonely . The devolved Gang is heavy on public urination but light on conversation . I miss their voices . This would be the point where Todd would lament his dark destiny . ( grunting ) Curtis would make a joke to lighten the mood . ( burpngng / coughing ) ( grunting ) And Jenny would remind us that life is short and brutal . Then again it 's nice to see her laughing for a change . You go , Cave Jenny ! You don 't just grow a stitch- - Break 's over ! Come on time to go ! ( grunting ) Hannah : Can you hear that ? This forest has really come to life . That sounds like the mating call of the Spring Peeper Treefrog ! Listen ! Is that just me or you hear drums ? ♪ ( grunting ) Back ! Back you savages ! I 'm the queen of this stone age . WHACK ! ( grunting ) ( grunting ) ( whimpering ) WHACK ! ( grunting ) ♪ ♪ ♪ Well , at least I still have my glasses . Yoink ! Oh , come on ! Come on , they don 't even fit your face ! GRRRRRRR ! ( grunting ) Come my children ! Come to Mother ! I hunger , my children ! Deliver sustenance to your goddess ! Gina- - It 's Gyna ! But it 's not Gyna anymore . I am something ... more . Something that has not existed on this earth since before the age of man . Age of man ? Gyna , you of all people shouldn 't be making that gender bias , I mean , you spell women with a ' Y' to keep the men out of it . How dare you , a mere mortal , question the words of a Goddess ! Hey , I 'll have you know I 'm no mere mortal . I fight evil on a regular basis ! And now you will feed mother nature ! On a one time basis ! ( energy pulsing ) It 's the Book of Pure- - Ugh ! Ugh ! ( laughing ) I 've always felt like a tree on the inside and now I 'm a tree on the outside ! ( laughing ) Ahhhh ! I don 't know why you have not devolved like the others , but you 'll still make for fine fertilizer ! Look , I like nature too , but this isn 't right ! It 's not natura- - Ahhhhhhhhhhh ! It 's actually supernatural . Don 't you understand ? I am nature ! Now let the sacrifice begin ! Come to mother , Hannah ! Come back inside mother ! Book ... What are you doing ? ! Get your hands off of that ! Get away ! ( laughing ) ( extinguisher sounds ) Hey ! Heeeey- - What are you doing ? ! Stop that ! ( extinguisher sounds ) You 're killing- - The environment ! You 're killing the environment ! ( vomit spraying ) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Fuck the environment . Jenny : Ew ! Why are you spooning me ? ! Uh , you were spooning me . But why was I spooning Jenny , I should be spooning Hannah ? Or Todd ? Why are we in Jimmy 's closet ? Why am I dirtier than usual ? Oh shit , why does my finger smell like ass ? ! What ? ( sniff ) That doesn 't smell like your ass dude . Hannah 's journal- - Jimmy : Dudes ! Dudes , what day is it ? I just woke up from a serious weed nap , and I dreamt that I was a cave man and there was these huge pot plants and I took one of the buds and I ate it , and I got baked man it was- - And you were all there and you were cave men too . Whoa- - Jimmy- - I think I just had the same dream that you had ? Whoa whoa- - I think I had the same dream that you guys just had ! But was I in your dream or were you in my dream ? That wasn 't a dream ! Huh ? We have to find Hannah . No no no no- - No no no , I know ! Something happened I know it , I know it ! Why are my tapes blank ? ! And so it was the asbestos from the old extinguisher that corroded Gyna 's insides . Hooray for asbestos ! Man , I can 't believe we were cavemen that 's so badass . Was I sexy as a caveman , did I turn you on ? No . But Todd liked you , he tried to hump you . Really ? Sweet ! Uh , you know Hannah , you really stuck it to Gyna . Yeah , you really stuck it to that ' trunt ' . Dude , did you just come up with that ? Yeah , like , off the top of my head . See , this is exactly what I 'm talking about , we need to start a company where we just like name shit . And we 'll call it- - We 'll figure it out . There 's one thing I don 't understand though , How come Hannah didn 't go ape like the rest of us ? Guess it 's just another mystery of the supernatural . Eh- - I 'm hungry . Let 's go eat something . Banana splits ! How many times do I have to tell you guys I 'm lactose intolerant ? ! So ? Just eat it without ice cream . Yeah , put some cheese on it . I can hook you up . Boop . Curtis ! Gross- - You coming , Hannah ? I 'll catch up with you later . Bye . ♪
