 Hannah , I 'd be honored if you 'll go with me . Yeah obviously I 'm your girlfriend . Forget about the stupid dance , remember what that record said about the prophecy . Now that Todd has lost his virginity to that slut , he could become the pure evil one at any second . Right that . He doesn 't like you talking about Nikki or that he might end the world . If I ever see that bitch again I swear I 'll make her pay for breaking his heart . Not that I care about his heart or anything . It 's just you know . Oh shut up . Hi Dennis thank you for getting that video of me off the internet and destroying it permanently . Yes destroyed permanently . Listen I know this is going to sound strange because why would somebody as hot as me ask somebody as nerdy as you to the dance ... I 'm flattered Wanda really but your just not my type . We 'll what 's your type ? Girls who don 't do what you did in that video . Dennis you 're such an asshole ! ( Sobbing ) ( Electric shock ) Yoink . Now that the book of pure evil is finally in my hands I must build my army . You have been hand-picked to spread the word to the rest of the students at Crowley High . Sure thing Mr. M. Please Minion # 1 call me Your Evilness and kneel . Sure thing Your Evilness Neil . No I meant get down on your knees . Oh uh okay . I 'm actually pretty good at this so if you just give me a second to get my mouth wet . That 's not what I meant . We 're off to a rocky start . Here 's what I need you to do . Okay just one second . Oh my mom called . I missing Taco night . Okay we 're good go . Entice the popular students with the promise of sexual promiscuity . Tempt the nerds with the lure of power and elitism . Coax the outsiders with the assurance of inner pain and infinite sadness and seduce the rest with ... Booze ? All teens like booze right ? Yeah . Now go forth my minion and spread the word . But first , pick up my dry cleaning ! Okay . ( Evil laugh ) Hey Jimmy . It 's such a nice day out I was thinking maybe we could go for a walk ? You know what I 'd love to but ... But you can 't because you used the book to keep the metal dudes out of the school and it back-fired and you 've been trapped inside the school for 16 years haven 't you ? It 's been 16 years already ? Start talking I want answers . There isn 't much to tell alright , smoking doobs and hitting on underage girls it gets old . Well why didn 't you use the book to try and get out ? Don 't you think I 've tried that . It just made things worse . How ? I 'd rather not say . Jimmy I am so sick of your cryptic bullshit dude . Okay just tell me one thing what do the metal dudes have to do with the book and how come they never age , and why does my ex-girlfriend look like your ex-girlfriend ? I don 't know . Which one don 't you know ? All three . Students of Crowley High allow me to introduce you to your new best friend , Satan . He 's the pal you never knew you needed . What the Fuck ? This doesn 't look good ... Have you heard the good word brothers and sisters ? Atticus , I should of known ! Great not only do we have to deal with the metal dudes , we have to deal with Atticus . Why don 't Hannah and Curtis get to the bottom of Atticus 's satanic plan and you and I can go deal with those guys ? Sure if that 's what you want to do let 's go . What I just thought you two would wanna spend more time together . Sure whatever you say Jenny . Satanism is about doing whatever you want . Even weird stuff ? Are you seeing this ? Whoa Satanism looks awesome ! Throw that out . No if this is what Satanism is all about then sign me up ! You 're not signing up . Come by the retirement home and you can hear about the glory of Satan from the hooded leader himself . Retirement home huh ? I guess we should wait for them to come back ? I 've got a better idea . I guess they never expected anybody would try and break into their car . I can 't believe Hannah and Curtis are actually going to the dance tonight . Yeah dances are stupid . Yeah I hate dances . There 's a lot of dog hair back here . Although there will be a lot of students at the dance and probably a lot of raging emotions . Yeah we should probably go you know to find the book . Yeah we could go undercover . Whoa Todd , look at these . Wow these guys sure like to dress up a lot . No I think these are real photos from the past . Pop the trunk see if we can find anything . Wow . These are Nikki 's . Are you going to be okay ? Yeah . Okay well then I 'm going to go home and get ready . Okay me too . Okay , see ya later . Good idea bringing that book to hide your face . Did you know Satanism actually has it 's root in paganism ? Yeah don 't take this the wrong way I 'm happy that you 're finally reading but we 're here to find out why Atticus is recruiting all those students . And we need to get home in time for the dance . What do you have to go home for ? Uh to change into my dress . You do have a suit right ? I have a nice shirt I think ? Yeah ... This is Satan central . I feel like I 've been here before . Are you okay sweetie ? There 's a secret door around here . Where are you going , hey wait for me ! What is this place ? And how did you know about the secret door ? Whoa check out these nerds . Those are my parents . Oh what are your parents doing in a secret satanic lab underneath the retirement home ? ( Rewinding tape ) The recording of doctors Williams and Williams tape 213 . The samples from the book of pure evil continue to surprise us . The book is alive . A fusion between the samples of the host 's cells seems to be stabilized now we wait and observe incubation test subjects B , C , and D. Hannah this is super cool you gotta check it out . Provide by the sataniche society ... ( evil laugh ) Atticus , come on Curtis ! Okay . Gather our new brethren and assemble at Crowley High for tonight 's dance where I shall become the pure evil one and destroy Todd Smith . We gotta warn Todd . Speed dial number 1 . Hey I thought I was number 1 on your speed dial ? ( Ringing ) Seize them ! Run away ! Let go of me your hands are all sweaty ! I have no idea why your here but I 'm happy to see you former gang members so that you may witness my supreme victory . Take them to Crowley High ! Go to hell Atticus ! I 'll see you there shortly . At long last the book of pure evil is finally in my hands ... again . This time I will not let it from my grasp . Planto mihi reproba putus malumunus . ( Evil laugh ) Wow Jenny you ... you look amazing . You clean up nice too Todd . Well I guess we should go inside . Yeah the book could be in there already . Yeah . Hey what about that guy right there ? He looks like he 'll probably end up with the book one day . Yeah good call . Hey you okay ? You know you can tell me anything we 're friends right ? Right , we 're friends ... just friends . ( Grunting / stomping ) Sweater dude ! You owe us one . Hold the book up to the door . Loser . Wicked ! ( Yelling ) Jenny why don 't you take the night off ? Go find some guy to dance with I 'll look for the book . I can 't do that Todd . Don 't spend every second of your life worrying about the book . You 'll wake up one day and realize you never did the things that you wanted to do . Todd I ... I know I know , shut up right ? Yeah , shut up . ( Groan from the crowd ) What the hell , hey I was going to get some action ! Let go of us ! I missed you lover . I think I finally figured out who you really are . You 've always been a little slow . But I never stopped loving you even when you locked me out of the school . What the fuck ? You lied to me . You broke my heart . Atticus is an evil ... goat ! No I 'm the pure evil one . I never got why she was into you . You look like a goat dude . That 's because the pure evil one is a man-goat . Half man half goat , all man-goat ! ( goat sounds ) You little ho-er . ( Fart sounds ) You just took a goat shit . Man-Goat shit . Enough with your yammering show them our captives ! Let go of me . ( Beating up ) Get off . You call yourself Satanists . You 've been lied to me . Atticus Murphy and his cronies have reverted the real meaning of Satanism . This teen doesn 't know what he 's talking about . Hey I read a bit of a book about this Satanism was originally good old fashioned paganism before they twisted it to be all evil and stuff . What 's paganism ? I 'm glad you asked . Paganism is all about getting drunk and fucking which is what the Crowley High Semi-Formal is all about . Let 's Fuck ! Yeah ! ( Cheering ) Fuck Satan ! Fuck Satan ! Fuck Satan ! Fuck Satan ! Come on . Fuck Satan ! Fuck Satan ! Fuck Satan ! Fuck Satan ! ( Sword unsheathed ) Ooooohhhhhhh . I 'm going to chop you into goat meat . On the contrary Todd Smith , this goat is going to beat your meat . Haaaa ! Oh shit ... Nikki ? I can 't believe I fucked you . You don 't know the third of it . Ohhhh I can 't believe I fucked the three of you . I can 't believe I didn 't see this coming . Looking good sweater-goat dude . Now we 'll find out who 's the pure evil one . And who 's the loser . Let 's settle this once and for all , of course I 'm the pure evil one pick it up I 'll show you who 's pure evil . No ... I don 't wanna be pure evil . ( Goat sounds ) Jenny ! Now will you please pick it up ? Don 't do it Todd . Okay I 'll do it . You must dig deep little dude no one understands what you 're going through and no one ever will . You 're a slave to your destiny . It controls you and you will never be free . Release the loser inside and destroy this loser world . I am the pure evil one ! I will destroy this world ! The book of pure evil must follow my every command ! NO NO ! I 'm the pure evil one not you . ( Screaming ) No , Mr. M ! You 've finally done it little dude . Loser no more . Become the pure evil one , and destroy the world ! Todd ! Look at me ... you don 't have to listen to them . You know why I want to find the book so bad . It 's not to save the world . I wanna save you . Aww fuck this bitch ! Bro 's before Hoes ! Destroy the world , DESTROY THE WORLD ! AHHHHHHHH ! AHHHHHHHH ! What just happened ? The book doesn 't control me , I control the book . I used my powers of pure evil to send it somewhere where no one will every find it . Even I don 't know where it is . Not fucking cool little dude . So much for your plan . Fuck off . Losers . That 's my line . All you had to do is be the fucking pure evil one ! I can 't believe it . We did it . Where 's Hannah and Curtis ? She 's dead . Curtis ... You did all you could . You couldn 't of saved her man . It 's not your fault . I know ... It 's yours . You killed her when you made the book disappear . Curtis ! We 're still a gang . No book , no Hannah , no gang . Curtis wait !
