 Life on earth was beyond repair . The planet 's resources spent , its capacity for life diminished . Mankind was within mere generations from extinction . Humanity , not known to succumbing to fate , united and launch the most ambitious mission undertaking in its history . It fell to world-renowned physicist Dr. Richard Adams to command an international team of the best and the brightest to crew the Argo , the largest space-going vessel ever constructed by man . They were accompanied by Clarke , an AI being of remarkable intellect . Their destination , Bernard-D , a world that has shown promise of harboring life . and , perhaps , a second home for the people of our dying biosphere . The mission would take two decades , the crew sacrifices would be enormous . But they would bound by a single goal- - to find a new home . Yet , upon their arrival , the crew found their dreaming to be in vain . Bernard-D was no eden . But as volatile and inhospitable as the planet they were trying to replace . Upon their return , the Argo 's 40 men and women would reluctantly emerge from a deep sleep to greet Earth with devastating news . Yet , the world they left is not the world they 're returning to . " L5 " - Season 1 Episode 1 : Pilot - See ? No lights . - Yeah , none , huh . - You say it was + 42 ? - It 's + 50 . All right . I have it . Thanks . - How big you said those things were ? - One colony can hold 3 million . Three million people , and not a single light ? What d 'you think about that ? - I honestly don 't know . - Checked Tony ? No . He should be just waken up . Morning , Clarke . So how long I 've been out ? - That joke never gets old ? - Never . - Updates ? - Two . - What happened ? - Small amount of interstellar meteor penetrated the ship and resulted on a brief power outage wich affected Layla 's nutrient line , causing hypoperfusion in all her vital organs , including the brain , resulting in a coma . - Who is taking care of her ? - Dr. Lewis . - And ? - Dr. Anthony Baker suffered a severe upper respiratory infection and died . Most likely due to sepsis . My available antibiotics were insufficient to defend him from the infection . - Yeah , poor Tony . - I still researching and quarantined the body . Make sure we set up some kind of memorial for him . Rich , there 's a problem . Two hundred years . How is that posible ? No clue . I ran every vector against the figures I say before you went under . The same . Same Delta-V , { google translation + } same goal . Adjustments must have been made ​ ​ while we were asleep . All right . Clarke , do you know anything about this ? - Rich , I have to tell you something . - Rich ... We tried K bands , microwave , everything . We haven 't got any single response , from anyone . I see . No signal . No contact . And we 're 200 years late ... { google translation } You may like to review the systems . We have already done . I don 't think it 's that simple . Okay , stay at it . Everyone stays quiet till we 've got some anwers , understood ? All right . Well , people , you heard it . Get back to work . - Hey , Rich ! - Charlie . Are you all right ? I just woke up . My legs are still pretty stiff . - Yeah , mine too . - So , you know when we 'll be docking ? Soon . We just got to work out a few things and ... Soon . It 's wild , you know ? When I left , my son was , was like ... But now he is just as tall as me or taller . He probably even has his own kid . I guess I 'll have to skip the parenting and go straight to grandparenting . That 's the best of both worlds . Hey , why don 't you go talk to Dr. Lewis . Make sure you 've done all right . All right . Thanks , Charlie . No answer . - This doesn 't make any sense . - Rich , I have to tell you something . - What is it , Clarke ? - I delayed our return . I received a signal . It was faint . But I recognized its origin . There isn 't an easy way to translate it into English , but suffice to say it raised my worst suspicions . - Was it from Earth ? - Yes . - When , while I were on hypersleep ? - Yes . Yes , I made an executive decision and felt the best to delay our return . - What do you think it means ? - I can 't say for sure . - But I have some theories . - Yeah , well , me too . - Are yours good ? - No . - Yeah , me neither . - Should I notify the crew ? - No ! Is anything natural we can blame this on or something ... unrelated ? - You mean lie ? Is that necessary ? - I think we need time . Time to cope . Time to make sense about this . I don 't think lying is in any way beneficial . They will discover all in time . It will seem like you were keeping something from them . I would rather ? our face . than confirm their worst fears . - I don 't think it 's a good advice . - It would be a good advice until 40 fathers , mothers , sons and daughters , that they returned delayed 2 centuries on a hunch . It is the truth . That 's the last thing we need now , the truth . - It doesn 't make more sense , huh ? - No , Rich ... I understand perfectly . Layla is dead . Organ failure . I put her back in her cryotube . Seemed the best thing to do for the time being . Are you gonna say something ? About this mess we 're in . It 's what everybody 's talking about . They all want to know what Commander Richard Adams is going to do . - Hey , Clarke , patch me , will you ? - Of course , Rich . Everyone , if I can have your attention , please . I understand you all have a lot of questions . But first , the facts . There was no miscalculation . We are indeed 198 years ahead in future . One hundred and seventy three years past our projected return date . There is , as far as I know , a communications blackout or a problem with Space Station VOLL 5 . As you know , the blackout extends to Earth . Clarke is working on an scenario that involves IPR communications that may take a while . ? is being reconfigured for an excursion inside the colony . So , now is the time- - Is there any update on the diagnostics about the cause of the time variation ? - Clarke ? - I admit that the decision to return at a later date was mine alone . There wasn 't a safe return scenario at that time . Local galactic weather conditions were not permitting a direct approach . - There is something we missed ? - By 200 years ! - Easy ! I can clarify that a little . The ? scenario did not manifest itself until recently . The best approach was to accelerate and increase time dilation . However , as a result the ship only ? from gamma bombardement . { google translation } Which device was intended to be able to withstand . - So what about the skiff ? - Glad you asked , Rod . Suit up . Rich , have we had any contact with anyone . Other bases , ships ... - I guess we 're calling ' em colonies now ? - There is some garble - stuff floating around out there { google translation } that we can not see what is now . - So ... - So no . I know this is difficult . But we 'll get to the bottom of it , I promise . So let 's get back to work . Adams out { google translation } I 'd better be ready . We have some problems . { google translation } We 'll get through . I 'll handle it . - This is as good place as any . - It will be okay . { google translation } - Rotate it . - It 's on auto pilot . It is out of position . Dammit ! [ ROD : ] Damn , it sank like a stone . Sorry , Richard , I just lost it . [ RICH : ] It 's all right . We 're going to take a look . Stand by . - Gamma-ray burst . - No ! That would explain the communications blackout , as well ... Look at the window , Sam . I can see foliage from here . A burst that size , there wouldn 't be a trace of life . I 'd be a wasteland . I tell you , it was a solar storm . Or an impact of some kind . Asteroid or comet . Where 's the evidence , Carl ? A storm or an impact that size would have left a pretty big mark . Could have hit the ocean and disperse . We were prepared for something of that size . We would have gotten out . Jan , back me up here . Gamma-ray burst . You 're both wrong . It wasn 't external , but internal . An agressive and virulent virus . A human pandemic of some sort or an ecological disaster . An agricultural failure . Either way , its origin was on Earth . It probably set us back to pre-industrial . { to be corrected } What . It happened in a day ? Nobody would have heard something ? { to be corrected } Pre-industrial , means that it has not killed everyone . { to be corrected } There will be survivors and make a contact somehow . I have a hard time believing viruses killed radio antennas . You asked for my opinion , I gave it to you . What about aliens ? What if we iniciated first contact , and then they wiped us out ? You know , like inquisitors and Aztecs ? Or ... or whatever the alien equivalent of small pods it would be ? So a race of aliens showed up ... { to be corrected } And distributed diseases , killing everyone . And then just left ? - It 's posible . - You are no longer allowed to speak . Enough . Any of you 've got a pen ? Rich ? You gotta see this . - Where is everybody ? - I don 't know . { to be corrected } Lewis ! I come now . Get this thing out of me { google translation } Wait , there 's a hole in your costume ! { to be corrected } - Listen , I come back after you . - It does not matter . { to be corrected } I 've already lost 20 % of my oxygen . { to be corrected } APU is not working . I have an electric barometer at the core . { google translation } - Wait , I have it . - I 'm watching my costume . { to be corrected } Damn , I 'm sitting tight . Hold on , Rod ! All right . One , two , three ... Rich ? Rich ! Rich ! Don 't forget . Visible signs of plant life . All right . Given everything we know the signs point to some sort of coronal mass ejection . And , if large enough , the radiation could have a devastating effect on the population . Not bad . If that 's the case , where 's everybody ? I mean , it would have been survivors . Right ? { to be corrected } Hey , thought I 'd lost you , boss . How are you feeling ? - A little hot . - Funny . The liquid cooling overheated . Mine too . Had to reset them both . They are stable enough . Let 's get you up . - Come on , let 's get you back to the ship . - No , we 'll keep looking around . { to be corrected } I do not know , Rich . You were hit hard . { to be corrected } If I have the way back , it is not easy . Of course - So how long do you thing it have been like this ? - I can 't say but I 'm gonna find out . I think about 5 miles . Eight hours of oxygen . You have 8 . I got 6 . { to be corrected } The best thing would be to start at the manifold . { to be corrected } And see if we can join it . { to be corrected } It sounds the whole like an excuse for you to keep exploring , Rich . { to be corrected } We should keep going . We stop when we find something . { to be translated } Oh yea , sure . We will run out of oxygen ? { to be corrected } Or we can fall and break a leg . If we 're lucky , we 'll pass out from exhaustion . Come on . { to be corrected } At least we can explain why we lost touch . It doesn 't explain a damn thing , Rod . - Time Codes By : Monteque - - Translated to Danish By : Monteque - - Thanks to IceDuck for help -
