 Kids , settle down , I have an announcement to make . Shut up ! Shut-up ! I have a very sad announcement to make . The school drama club 's annual theatre performance is upon us and the school board has requested an upbeat musical . Nooooooo ! My sentiments exactly . I have been ordered to to direct so I have begrudgingly accepted . Auditions will be posted on the bulletin board . That is all . Auditions , huh ? Competitiveness , narcissism , the fear of humiliation and rejection . Perfect breeding ground for the book . I better crash the auditions just in case the book shows up . That 's exactly what I was thinking ! Boy , are we in sync today , or what ? Curtis- - corn chips ! Sorry . Mr. Murphy- - as the star of the drama club , I feel it is my duty to dissuade you from doing a musical . They 're so proletarian . I totally agree . Art is for the simple-minded . But , the school board has spoken , Charlotte , and unfortunately , we must all comply . Are you coming up here ? How about a Greek tragedy , or an existential drama ? The kind of theatre that will allow students to question their environment and penetrate the deep layers of their conflicted souls . The only thing these students are interested in penetrating is each other . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I have to go back to my office and rage ineffectually . Ding ! Laaaa laaaaa ! Ding ! Laaaaa laaaa laaaaa ! Ding ! Laaaaaaaaaa ! Ding ! Laaaaaaaaa ! Energy pulse energy pulse energy pulse laaaaaaaaaaaaa ... The phantom of crowley high - tradução e sincronia : Rai - adriano _ csi equipe subsfreak ? Here I stand , silently weeping , forever alone in the suicide raining . That was wonderful . I didn 't know you could sing . There 's a lot you don 't know about me , Jenny . Okay , who is next ? I am , Mr. Murphy , and I will be singing " the battle of Babylon " by vagina conquerer . Oh , yes , a classic . ♪ hell hath no fury like a prisoner unchained ♪ ♪ the battle of Babylon shouts out my name - to fight ! ♪ * in the battle of Babylon ! * ♪ the battle of babylooon ! ♪ so this is what passes for talent these days ! Okay , I think I 've seen enough ! You get the male lead , Todd . What ? ! Awesome . So , what musical are we doing ? No idea . The female lead will be played by je- - I 'm not convinced . Okay , I 'm convinced ! You got the lead ! What the hell , man ? You were about to pick me ! You can stop singing now , Charlotte . Stop . Singing . The music 's inside meeeeee holy Jupiter shit ! What happened to your tongue ? Where did you learn how to do that ? My parents locked me out of the house . A lot . I don 't think we should do this , Curtis . Just think of it as investigating . I know Mr. Murphy may have weaseled his way onto the team , but I have seen his true face , Hannah , and it 's the face of a satanist worshiper . He worships satanists ? Look , when I saw him at the retirement home , he was talking to an old man in a hooded robe . A hooded robe ! Don 't you watch horror movies ? Okay , prepare to have your mind totally blown . He-yeah ! Wow , look at all those sweater vests . I wonder which one is his satanist sweater vest . I 've got an idea . Kiss me . Gross . Oh . Hi , kids . Please continue . We really dodged a bullet there . Huhhhh ... Where are you- - was it something I said ? So , atticus , our sources tell us that finding the book is no longer your number one priority . Oh , you heard about the musical . You people seem to forget that I 'm actually an employee at this place . The drama club must be the least of the school 's priorities . Especially if they 've put a no-talent fool in charge . Well , I guess that 's all the reason I need to prove you wrong . Father- - I 'm going to direct the greatest musical crowley high has ever seen and then we 'll see who the no-talent fool is . It 'll still be you . I said we 'll see ! I 'll leave your tickets at will-call . Last night I browsed the entire Cannon of twentieth century musical theatre- - and they all sucked . So I present to you the greatest musical ever written . And I wrote it . " The bowels of hell " ? It 's 2 pages and one is a title page . And there are no songs . We 'll flesh it out in rehearsal . " The bowels of hell " is the story of a young boy who must give up the girl of his dreams , because of his father 's strict religion . Aw , it should be a heavy metal musical . What is the appeal of this- - this metal music ? The appeal is mostly that parents hate it . A metal musical it is then . Okay , you two- - Charlotte 's tragic accident and mysterious disappearance dun-dun-dun ! - the female lead will be played by my favorite gal , Jenny . Take a bow , Jenny . Thud ! Holy Jupiter shit ... Now I don 't have to tell her I was cutting her part . Fuck ! Cough ! Ahhhh ! Hey ! Hey , you dropped your- - your tongue ... Hey , don 't be afraid . I 'm not going to hurt you . Are you having a bad day ? Do you want to talk about it ? Don 't cry , it 's okay . Look , see I 'm a freak , too , just like you . La-la-la , I 'm freaking out . No big deal ! What are you laughing at ? Freak love . I 've got myself some freak love and boy does it feel good I 've got permanent wood freak love for 2 freaks in loooveª I have a plastic arm she 's got a severed tongue the world can mock our love but it don 't bother us none ª my days of masturbation are a thing of the past I only pray she 'll let me fondle her ample funbags why can 't I stop thinking of that kiss ? It 's driving me maaaad why do I dream of him fondling , fondling my ample fun baaaags ample fun baaags ... Ample fun baaags ... Ample fun baaaags ... It 's so easy to love her I don 't even have to try she 's so warm and she 's so sweet she wouldn 't hurt a fly she 's my muse , she 's my mate , she 's my very best friend sorry , Todd , but it 's true- - I 'm gonna love my freak loooove ... I 'm gonna love my freak loooove ... Til the very ... Til the very ... Freaky end ... Art-is-pain . I know there 's been some grumbling about this production 's rather alarming mortality rate , but remember , there can be no art without the risk of mutilation or death . Screw this . I 'm not going to be art 's next target . Where you going , Jenny ? Time for you and Todd to rehearse your love scene . Jenny ! Clearly , the book is at work here . All these deaths , they can 't be a coincidence ! We 've got to stay . I hate it when you 're right . Let 's rehearse . These lips are off-limits until opening night . And no tongue ! Curtis , we need to talk about your friend , Charlotte . Do you mean my girlfrien d ? Right . Your girlfriend . And here 's the best part- - I 'm her boyfriend . Everything 's coming up Curtis ! Okay , don 't get too excited . I did some investigating and before the auditions she couldn 't sing a single note . Then all of a sudden she has the voice of an angel . Then she loses her tongue ! Then the mysterious deaths begin ! I 'm not sure where you 're going with this one , Hannah ... Charlotte has the book ! Oh ... I see what 's going on here . You do ? Yeah , I finally meet someone who likes me for who I am and your first reaction is to assume she 's evil ? I expected this from Todd and Jenny , but not from you , Hannah ! I thought you 'd be happy for me ! How could I be happy for you ? You 're dating the phantom of crowley high ! Charlotte 's not a phantom ! She 's my soul mate ! And if society can 't accept our love , then I reject society ! Slam ! Oh , Mary Jane , when I 'm with you I feel so many wonderful things ! As do I , Jeremy ! I 've never felt this way about a boy before ! Then , kiss me , Mary Jane ! No ! Ugh ! ♪ what is this girl doing in your room ? ♪ ♪ didn 't I say she 's not the one for you ? ♪ * she 's not a member of our religion * ♪ she is a whore and perhaps a heathen ♪ * I can 't let you do it ! I won 't let you do it ! No , no , no ! * ♪ father , why do you cause me so much pain ? ♪ * let me go steady with my Mary Jane ! * ♪ for I love he and he loves me ! ♪ ♪ all love should be religion-free ! ♪ ♪ we can 't let you do it ! We won 't let you do it ! ♪ * no , no , no ! * I gotta pee . ♪ take her away ! Sentence her to death ! ♪ * no son of mine ! Your daddy knows best ! * spank ! Spank ! Hey , Jimmy . Why the long face ? Dude , somebody stole my dynamite collection . Oh , that sucks , man . I know you had some really rare dynamite . What could anyone possibly want with that much dynamite ? Unless they plan on blowing up something big . Like the school . Nah , no one 's that insane . ♪ yeeaaaaahh ! ♪ ♪ I stand before you a proud and happy dad ♪ ♪ for today my boy becomes a maaaaan ! ♪ ♪ I 'm so depressed , I think I 'm gonna puke ! ♪ ♪ if I 'm the bride , then who 's the groom ? ♪ holy Jupiter shit ! Let the ancient ceremony begin ! ♪ someone save me before this gets any worse ♪ ♪ I am angel warrior , Satan 's foe ! ♪ ♪ slashing my way through hell 's infernooooo ! ♪ Charlotte , no ! But you 're my disabled , deranged freak . I have no idea what you just said but it 's curtains for you , bitch ! Sorry , can you repeat that ? Your fetus popped ? My jamming device will obstruct your frequency ! Well , you got me on that one ... No , don 't ! Catfight on a catwalk ! You don 't deserve Curtis ! Noooo ! Nooo- - ughhhhh ! Charlotte , no ! I meant to use this hand . Curtis ! ♪ didn 't get to kiss his Mary ♪ ♪ didn 't get to pop his cherry ♪ what poison did you use ? Calebos curare . Acokanthera ? ♪ his horny needs ♪ ♪ I need to make his fountain jet ♪ ♪ my lady parts are moist and wet ♪ strophanthus ? Calebos carare ! Antiaris toxicaria ? ♪ jeremyyyyy ! ♪ cyanide ? German herpes ? Calebos curare ! Calebos curare ! If I ever see you again , I will kill you myself ! Ahhhhhh ! Ugh ! Why , Jeremy , I see that ... My friend , the angel of mercy has fallen from heaven ... And revived you herself ! Damn it ! * our love is awesome the way love should be ! * ♪ free from pain and bes-ti-al-ityyy ! ♪ thank you . Hang in there , Curtis . Thank you . Thank you , all . Charlotte ? No , it 's Hannah , Curtis . Charlotte 's gone . She 's gone ? - Hey , Curtis . - Hey , Hannah . - Thanks for saving my life . - Yeah , anytime . Sorry the love of your life turned out to be a complete psycho . These things happen . Curtis , I don 't know much about relationships , but I know that the right girl is out there somewhere . And when you find her , she 'll be the luckiest girl in the world . Thanks , Hannah .
