 Okay , chess fans . Wow , it 's the moment we 've all been waiting for . Let 's hear it for our finalists in this year 's Crowley High chess championship , ( Atticus ) Len Bergman and Hannah B. Williams . I want you to murderize him . Take him apart . ( Curtis ) Humiliate his king , gangpawn his queen in front of him . ( Hannah moaning ) Uh , good luck , Hannah . ( Todd ) You know what 's the one thing I hate worse than chess ? Watching chess . You 've said that , like , four times already . ( Atticus ) What an amazing morning of chess it has been . We 've already seen one Siberian jabb attack , and two , oh , count ' em - Two poison pawn victories . We just gotta get through this game . I 'm telling you guys , Atticus is a Satanist , we have to watch out for him . As if a Satanist would know that much about chess . As if a Satanist would be caught dead in that sweater vest . ( Todd laughing ) Look , I 've been digging around in the library , and I think I found a clue . ( crowd cheering ) ( Atticus ) Well that has to be a new speed record , ( Atticus ) Len Bergman has annihilated Hannah B. Williams . This must be the worst day of her life . Len Bergman has the book . Yearbook time , awesome ! But I wanna write have a good summer . This isn 't just a yearbook , it 's a clue . Look , this has been Crowley High 's logo since 1965 , but this is a yearbook from 1964 , the year before . Not only was this the school 's original logo , it was the symbol for the whole town . Point being ? It 's an occult symbol , it must have to do with the book and why it 's here in Crowley Heights . I was right ! Atticus and those old geezers at the retirement home are Satanists ! I saw it with my own two eyes . Your own two baked eyes ? How many hash brownies did you ingest , Curtis ? Four . And then four . So , eight . Yeah ! Who cares about Satanists ? Len Bergman has the book ! He wouldn 't have won if he didn 't have the book ! No chance . So you 're saying , he used the book of pure evil , a source of nearly limitless power , to become really good at a lame game ? YES ! Chess , Satanists , yearbooks , you guys handle this one . I 'm on sabbatical . You just learned that word today , didn 't you ? Yes , I did because I was on sabbatical in the library this morning because I 'd been on sabbatical from my last four English classes , so my English paper was on sabbatical from my English teacher 's desk , And sabbatical . ( Len ) And it was sudden death . That 's the moral of the story . ( Len ) Gather around , my fellow truth seekers . ( Len ) Gather around ! My children . I have been given the gift of foresight , and therefore have become a great chess champion . Yet an even greater prophet . And I am here to tell you about the pure evil one . The pure evil one has come to destroy our world ! We will all be enslaved by his evil unless - ( Todd laughing maniacally ) He is here . The pure evil one ! I 'm the what with the what ? The pure evil one ! ( Len ) You cannot hide from the truth , Todd Smith ! ( Jimmy ) Hey , Todd . Wanna tell me what 's going on with you , boy ? Aw , you wouldn 't understand . You 'd be surprised . Okay . That douchewad of a chess champion , is telling everyone that I 'm the pure evil one ! Are you the pure evil one ? Uh , man , dunno . I don 't even know what that is . Look it doesn 't matter , either you are or you aren 't . Yeah , but what do you think ? You 're asking a guy who 's been cleaning toilets for sixteen years and who 's standing here in his man case . It 's up to you . Why do I gotta figure out everything for myself ? I don 't even know why I come in here anymore ! You don 't mean that . I really think we need to check out the retirement home . Those old geezers could be planning world domination as we speak ! It 's not that I don 't believe you , it 's just that the statistical probability that a bunch of Satanists have taken over a retirement home is slim at best . So you don 't believe me . I believe you , science doesn 't . Fine . Let 's find Len Bergman . Found him . You 're awesome . Right . Is everything okay between you and me ? Of course , why wouldn 't it be ? Let 's just go in . Okay , you 've just been acting a little weird around me . Let 's just go in . I 'm just worried , that I said something , or done something , or - I 'm going in . I guess she 's going in . ( Len ) That 's why I can no longer eat Yugoslavian sausage . Have you come to hear the truth ? Sure ... What 's going on , Len ? We are going to destroy the pure evil one . Cool , that sounds like fun ! We should get Todd , this would be right up his alley . Are you guys okay ? Yeah , you know your eyes are real creepy , right ? We know you 've got the book , Len . Of course I have the book . It 's shown me the light . Do you wanna hear the truth ? Okay . The book is the light , the light has a voice , and the voice is the truth . Whosa , whatsa ? The book is the light , the light has a voice , and the voice is the truth . The book is a light , is a light is the what ? The book is the light . ( Light ! ) The light has a voice . ( Voice ! ) The voice is the truth . ( Truth ! ) The book is the light . ( Light ! ) The light has a voice . ( Voice ! ) The voice is the truth . ( Truth ! ) Excellent . Now we have to destroy the evil one . ( Len ) We have to kill Todd Smith ! Okay . Hey . Hey , Todd Smith . We 're your friends . I know . Your friends were wondering if you 'd like to meet them somewhere later for a lot of fun . What 's wrong with you guys ? If you ask that we 're supposed to say , we 're so wasted . We 're so wasted . Right . Why do your eyes look so weird ? If you ask that we 're supposed to say , we 've got migraines . We 've got migraines . We 're so wasted . Len Bergman did this , didn 't he ? If you ask that we 're supposed to say , do you mean Len from the chess club and when you say yes , we 're supposed to say , you haven 't seen me all day . Then Len said no , don 't say you haven 't seen me all day , say you haven 't seen Len all day . We 're so wasted . Tell Len Bergman that I 'm on sabbatical . So I won 't be going anywhere near him . What do you mean he 's on sabbatical ? Didn 't you use the frying pan ? You said to hit Todd Smith with the frying pan if he resisted , but he did not resist , he is on sabbatical . We 're so wasted . All right . Let 's try a different approach . ( screwdriver whirring ) Clink-clink Jeez guys , you scared me ! What 's with the frying pan ? Jenny ! Jenny ! ( on phone ) Okay , so you 're not here . So if you get this , be careful , Hannah and Curtis have been brainwashed and they have a frying pan . ( Todd 's phone beeping ) ( Todd 's phone beeping ) ( Brody ) Yo , don 't you have some unfinished business with Len , little dude ? I 'm on sabbatical . ( Eddie ) You can 't take a sabbatical from your destiny , LOSER . Just because Len says that I 'm the pure evil one , doesn 't mean it 's true . All I have to do is stay out of his way , and he 'll realize he 's wrong . Isn 't he turning your friends against you ? And didn 't he kidnap your loser girlfriend ? Len has Jenny ? Yeah , imagine what dastardly deeds he 's doing to her right now ? Yo , he 's got the balls to call you the pure evil one ? ( Brody ) Damn . You should go in there and show him who 's not the pure evil one . Damn straight . Too easy , bros . Ha ha ha ha ha ! That was sweet . ( heavy metal music playing ) Jenny ? ( Jenny ) It 's a trap , Todd ! I know it 's a trap , Jenny ! Are you okay ? Len ! I 've got a shotgun ! A really big one ! I know you 're controlling my friends somehow , so you might as well come out ! ( Curtis ) It 's not a trap , Todd , put down the really big shotgun . Curtis , I know Len 's telling you what to say ! ( Hannah ) We 're so wasted . I know , Hannah ! ( Curtis ) Come further into the room , Todd . Further into the trap , you mean . ( Curtis ) There 's cake - Ow ! She bit me . ( Jenny ) There 's no cake , Todd ! ( Curtis ) Shut up ! ( Curtis ) Jenny wants all the cake for herself . ( Curtis ) It is your favourite kind . Really , Len , what 's my favourite kind of cake ? ( indiscernible whispering ) ( Curtis ) Hey , Todd , we found something . ( Curtis ) Further in the Chessasium . Past the cake . ( Len ) Now ! Nice trap , chess nerd ! That wasn 't the trap . You 're pure evil , Todd Smith . Looks like you 're the evil one from where I 'm standing ! Evil is your destiny . You will bring evil to this world whether you like to or not . Curtis . Kill her . Yes , kill me , Curtis . No , you idiot . He means me . ( Todd ) Curtis , don 't do it ! Surrender or your girlfriend is gonna get her throat sliced . We 're just friends . Just friends . Perfect . Now we 're going to teach the pure evil one a lesson . I 'm not the pure evil one ! Hannah , Curtis , you guys know I 'm not the pure evil one , right ? I 've seen your future . And I 'm evil ? In the future . You are the future , and it 's awful . Tie him up ! Hey ! You said you 'd let her go ! No , I said she wouldn 't get her throat sliced . Check mate . The voice is the truth ! ( Truth ! ) The book is the light . ( Light ! ) The light has a voice . ( Voice ! ) The voice is the truth . ( Truth ! ) The book is the light . ( Light ! ) The light has a voice . ( Voice ! ) The voice is the truth . ( Truth ! ) I have seen the future . Behold . The future of the pure evil one . ( Todd laughing maniacally ) Don 't believe him , Todd ! It 's just some sort of bad trick ! ( Todd laughing maniacally ) What if he 's right , Jenny ? ( Len ) Then I 'm going to save the world ! I guess this is ... checkmate ! You already used that one , asshole ! How ' bout this ? DIE , TODD SMITH ! Checkmate . I thought that would get a bigger response . Len Bergman has the book ! No shit . Not anymore he don 't ... Okay , move it , people ! Do you want a piece of this ? HUH ? YOU WANT SOME OF THIS ? ( Curtis ) What happened ? The usual . You and Hannah were hypnotized and then you tried to kill me . Then you tried to kill Jenny . Then Len Bergman showed us a vision of the future where I destroy everything . Oh , that last part 's new . I 've got the book . ( Len ) AHHHH ! ( heavy metal music playing ) I will make you mine ! The book is the light ! The light has a voice . And that voice is the truth ! The book is the light ! The light has a voice ! The voice is the truth ! Go fuck yourself ! Can 't ... Your mind ... Too much ... Chaos . AHHHHH ! That 's right , chesswad , I can 't hold a single thought for more than one second . AHHHHHHHH ! SPLAT ! ( Todd ) Yeah , that 's right ! You 're good at flying away , you chicken shit book ! Did I save the school ? I 'm starting to think that the school can 't be saved . Huh . Oh , wow . That , uh , Len . He 's a total nut job , right ? Yeah . Nut job . ( Todd ) I mean , all that stuff about pure evil . Total bullshit right ? Yeah . Total bullshit . ( Atticus ) Oh , movie night . What are we watching ? ( Hannah ) Jenny found this film in a time capsule . ( Curtis ) Right before we knocked her unconscious . Sorry about that , it won 't happen again . I hope . It 's okay . I think we 're ready . Lights . Hey , thanks for saving the day , Mr. Murphy . You would have done the same for me . Right ? Maybe I was wrong about you . ( Atticus ) How so ? I thought you were a Satanist . ( all laughing ) Hello , I 'm Atticus Murphy Senior . And if you love Satan like I love Satan , then Crowley Heights is the place for you . Fifty years ago Crowley Heights was founded by Satanists fleeing persecution for their misunderstood beliefs . Today , it 's a thriving community . The perfect place to raise a family , start a new business , or carry out the dark lord 's darkest desires without fear of humiliation or recrimination . As if that wasn 't enough , it 's also currently home of the Book of Pure Evil . And everyone knows , where the Book of Pure Evil goes , the pure evil one can 't be far behind . A new millennium of evil will soon be upon us , don 't you want your children to be part of it ? I know I do . ( Atticus Senior ) Hail , Satan ! ( all people in video ) Hail Satan ! Well ... fuck me . That was your father ! ( Hannah ) That baby was you ! That baby looks nothing like me . Yes , he is my father , and a Satanist , but I haven 't seen him in years . ( Curtis ) I saw you with him at the retirement home ! I dropped by to say hello , he 's all alone . He was surrounded by other Satanists . And he said to destroy us if we got in your way . Yeah but you didn 't hear the rest of the conversation . Okay , where I said now I 'm a gang member , and being a gang member is more important to me than being a Satanist . ( Hannah ) My trust in authority has been shattered . For the record , I never trusted you , Atticus ! I bet you 're the reason for my father 's disappearance ! Kids ! It 's me , Atticus . Sure I may have deceived you , I , I spied on you and perhaps turned the other way when you were in mortal danger , but , I 'm a gang member . Not anymore . What if I am pure evil ? Then I 'll be the pure evil guy 's best friend . And that doesn 't bother you ? Todd , this year has been awesome . We 've been kicking major ass , we 're hanging out with two chicks we never would have met if it wasn 't for the book . And yeah , we 've lost some battles and sure it 's been scary at times , but dude , I wouldn 't change a second of it . You don 't get it , Curtis . If I 'm the pure evil one , I 'm going to destroy the world . I 'm responsible ! Not you , ME . Just because Len says you are , doesn 't mean you are , dude . Doesn 't mean I 'm not . Todd ? ( Todd ) Can 't hear you , I 've got my headphones on . It 's time ...
