 The Whisperer in Darkness The whole matter began , so far as I am concerned , with the unprecedented Vermont floods of 1927 . The rain poured down for days and the flooding was extensive . It washed all kinds of things into the rivers , and people reported seeing strange things floating in the water . As the flood waters receded , there was a widespread tendency to connect these sights with a primitive , half-forgotten cycle of whispered legend which old people resurrected forthe occasion . Many of my friends appealed to me to shed what light I could on the subject . I thought all copies had been lost . Didn 't Armitage have the last known one ? I thought it was ruined in that business last year ... Yes , that was the last known printed copy . This is Davenport 's original manuscript . And all his notes ! The original ? There 's knowledge in those pages that 's recorded nowhere else . It 's quite a find . What will you do with it ? Another book ? Sure , eventually . But right now I have a more immediate use for it . I 've been going over the notes in preparation for this absurd " debate . " That radio program ? Albert , you shouldn 't do it . Dean Hayes insists ! After all the back-and-forth in the newspaper columns about the " bodies " washed up in the recent flooding ... You should have left it alone , Albert . I 'm a folklorist , Nate ! Nobody , nobody in this world knows more about this particular area of folklore than I. And you think that with Davenport 's notes ... Exactly ! Even a hundred years ago , Eli Davenport was hearing the same stories . " A hidden race of monstrous beings is said to lurk somewhere among the remoter hills - in the deep woods of the highest peaks . Evidence of their existence was seen by those who ventured far up the slopes of certain mountains or in the deep , steep-sided gorges that even the wolves shunned . " Davenport collected countless tales detailing their supposed origins . Here , look at this - illustrations that have never been seen ! Tales of settlers who vanished and others who collaborated with the things . I 'm familiar with ... these legends . And I 'm sure you 're right . But you can 't debate it . I have to be there in less than an hour . It 's being aired on the N.B.C. Network Cancel it . You know who you 're going up against ? Charles Fort . And you think you can go on the radio and debate a best-selling author with countless fans , the world 's most prominent expert on unexplained phenomena ? How is this going to help your cause ? Look , I can convince people ... With the minutiae of obscure New England folklore ? You only stand to lose here . Nate , this is my life 's work . The whole reason to study folklore is to help us understand how and why we create myths . People can 't keep believing that each bolt of lightning is a spear thrown by Zeus ! It isn 't Zeus I 'm worried about . OKnow , you 're making this sound like one of those nameless cults you investigate ! I know you 've had some rough experiences ... I 'm telling you , you have nothing to gain from this debate . C 'mon , your pal Charlie Tower will be there . He 's footing the bill for the whole thing . Albert , I 've met Fort . His style may be strange , but he 's smart . Be careful what you say . Perhaps I should have taken Nate Ward 's advice . Charles Fort was popular among the students for his open contempt for science and his extravagant books . Charlie Tower , a friend and wealthy Miskatonic alumnus , paid to bring him to campus for the debate . Tower had funded a number of university expeditions , flew airplanes , travelled the world . He enjoyed stirring things up , and had Dean Hayes wrapped around his finger . The host of the program was some sort of toothpaste salesman not a moderator or journalist of any kind . I 've collected books full of evidence in support of the idea that there are worlds beyond our own , and people , creatures ... call them what you will , that have come here from somewhere else . So you believe these creatures are alien beings of some kind ? I don 't believe or disbelieve anything , Mr. Bradbury . I merely note the long history of remarkably consistent reports . The Pennacook Indians described similar things , did they not , Professor Wilmarth , ages ago ? Yes , they did , Mr. Fort . In fact ... They said that the beings were not native to this earth , that they had flown here from the stars . The later Puritan settlers described them too , as creatures in league with Satan , only too happy to lead mankind down the path to sin . The folklore is abundant . My point is that it 's the folklore that lies behind the recent reports . Frightened people have doubtless seen broken tree branches and other suggestive shapes in the water , and under the nervous strain of the moment have let their imaginations get the better of them . But what lies behind the folklore ? What do you say , Professor ? Are you suggesting that these legends are literally true ? The descriptions of countless people , across cultures and unconnected with each other , have been amazingly consistent . They 're also consistent with Nepalese tall tales of the dreaded Mi-Go or " Abominable Snow Man " of the Himalaya . I suppose you think those are connected as well ? Well , now that you mention it ... So you 're actually saying that people have been seeing large , winged , crab-like beings in the rivers of Vermont ? That 's what I read in the papers . Forgive me , Mr. Fort , but that 's preposterous ! Compared to what ? Your explanation ? You 'd have us believe that the farmers of Vermont can 't tell a tree branch from a rock lobster ! Your point of view has only one advantage : It keeps everyone calm . Once a thing is explained away by " science " , it can be dismissed . Science doesn 't strive to explain things away . Science is a method of arriving at the truth ! And while it may have its faults , it 's better than relying on newspaper accounts ! Touché , Professor . If the Arkham Advertiser had been in publication two hundred and forty years ago , when the witch trials were under way , we would no doubt have read reports that our town was beset by witchcraft and dealings with Satan , right ? From what I 've heard of Arkham , I 'm sure we would ! And even if each and every one of us took such newspaper accounts at face value , and believed there were witches among us , would that have made it true ? It seemed to people in that time and place that witchcraft was real . But a heritage of legend and popular belief in a phenomenon isn 't enough to make it true , is it , Mr. Bradbury ? Cultural traditions and beliefs , even superstitions , shape our view of the world . But the world is what the world is , and if we are to progress beyond witch trials and superstition we must cultivate the discipline to separate objective fact from myth and fancy . The science of today is the witchcraft of yesterday . Today 's superstition is tomorrow 's science . Tell me , Mr. Fort , have you seen one of these hill creatures yourself ? Not personally , no . Is there any material evidence of their existence ? Has one ever been photographed or recovered ? Sent to a museum ? Studied scientifically ? Scientists seek only to prove or disprove something that they have conceived of in advance . They may look , but they never see anything more than they want to see . This from a man who sees little green men from Mars everywhere he turns ! I don 't know what these things in Vermont are , Professor . But , unlike you , I don 't pretend to know what they 're not . I know they 're not flying crab-men from outer space ! Gentlemen ... How do you know ? Because you 've " investigated " ? Have you even been to Vermont ? Well , actually , no . Then how can you claim to know what they 're not ? Well , I ... He 's got you there , professor ! No , no , I mean , they 're not ... The professor hasn 't even been there . So much for " scientific investigation " ! Look , I don 't have to see them to know they 're not real ... I rest my case , Mr. Bradbury . It 's all witchcraft ! It was just the type of disaster Ward had foreseen . Worse still , it was to be followed by a reception with Fort at the Faculty Club . Excuse me , professor ? Yes ? Hi , I was wondering if I might have a moment of your time . I 'd be glad to , but just now ... My name is George Akeley . My father , Henry Akeley , he 's been writing to you . Yes , yes , I 've exchanged several letters with yourfather . He 's a very bright fellow . His are some of the most vivid letters I get from Vermont . He sent me here to see you . In person . I have ... I 'm afraid I have an engagement , I 'm expected ... My father needs your help ! Yes , so he said . He said the hill creatures are all around your farm . Yes . They are . And now everyone in the region thinks he 's a lunatic thanks to your letters to the newspapers . Well now , George , your father 's clearly a sensible and educated man and I have tremendous respect for him , but that doesn 't mean I believe every letter that comes to my desk ... You mean you don 't want to believe ! I think Mr. Fort was right about you . Look , it 's my job to study old legends , not to believe in them ! Wilmarth , everyone 's waiting ... Is there a problem here ? No . Mr. Akeley here was just attempting to continue tonight 's debate . I 'll be right there , Professor Ward . Good night . I have photos . Photos ? My father made me promise to show them to you . He also ... Let 's see them . No , not here . You have them with you now ? We should get inside . Come with us . What is this , coffin varnish ? Where 's Wilmarth ? You don 't think he 's going to skip out on this blow , do you ? He will if he 's smart . He wasn 't that bad ... Well , I suppose I should get back in there . After all , I am the host of this soirée . Ah , Albert ! There he is ! Albert , a good effort back there . Thank you , Lowell . I suppose I have you to thank for this , Charlie . How have you been ? I 'm swell ! Off to Peru next month , surveying some new ruins . Say , you should come along ! Oh , I don 't know ... Yes , yes ! We need to get you up in my aeroplane again . I didn 't quite get the hang of it last time . I think my shoulder 's still sore . Nonsense ! Sure , your landing was a bit rocky but once you were up in the air you were fine , just fine ! Besides , I don 't know if a fellow could crash any worse than you did tonight ! And who 's our young friend ? Yes , this is George Akeley . Professor Jordan Lowell , astronomy . He 's ... from Vermont . Really ? Wild country up there . Mr. Akeley here has something to share with us . All of us . You don 't say . What is it ? Photographs . Of the ... Well , let 's see them . In the study . Fort should see them too . Good luck prying him away from Dean Hayes . Don 't you worry about that . I 'll take care of him . Gentlemen ... Mr. Akeley , after you . Thank you , Tower . That man 's insufferable . Think nothing of it . Besides , we have something you just might want to see . Gentlemen , I believe you already know Mr. Fort . What 's all this about ? My father has a farm in Townshend , Vermont . He 's seen the creatures . They 're all around ourfarm . He 's been corresponding with Professor Wilmarth about it . He knew the professor didn 't believe him , so he asked me to bring these photos . He can 't trust the post office ; his mail has been ... interfered with . Well , this is exciting ! Let 's see them . Photos might finally convince Wilmarth here . What is it ? It 's a footprint . We 've seen these tracks all around the house , the the river banks ... You 've seen the footprints yourself ? Sure . Hundreds of them . Why didn 't you say so before ? You wouldn 't have believed me . Akeley 's handwriting is nearly as bad as yours , Nate . It doesn 't really look like a hoof or paw . It looks like pincers or claws of some kind . Yes . Of course it could be nearly anything . Deer most likely . What 's this one ? More tracks there . Akeley said they live inside caves like this . They do . Lots of cave-dwelling deer in Vermont , Professor Wilmarth ? You can 't really see the footprints on this one , but the creatures dance around those stones . It 's a shame the carvings are so hard to make out . There are stone circles of this type throughout New England . There 's no way to date the formation . It might have been erected last month for all we know . You can make out the carvings on this one pretty well . Look familiar ? Where did he get that stone ? He found it in the woods near that cave and he brought it home . He thinks that 's why the creatures have been coming around the house . They 'll do anything to get it back . That 's why he got the dogs . And the rifle . That your father , George ? What 's he doing with the gun ? The creatures were trying to get into the house , so he shot one and I took this photo of the carcass . I don 't see any carcass . I know . They don 't ... My father said they 're made of a different type of matter and their " molecules vibrate at a different rate " from ours , so they don 't register on ordinary film . How convenient . What a shame . May I ? There 's never anything conclusive . There 's never real proof . Maybe it 's better that way . Better ? For who ? Seems there 's never a smoking gun when you need one , eh Wilmarth ? You said your father had seen the things , but you never said whether you saw them . I 've never actually seen a live one up close , but they 're there . We see the footprints ! They 're real and they 're all around our farm . I 've seen them flying at night . And ... I 've heard them talking . Talking ? Yeah . What do they say ? Sometimes they just sort of buzz and hum , but other times you can sort of make out real words in your head . I don 't understand it most of the time . " Shob Nig ... " Look at this ! These old viewers were used to study stereo photographs of stars , to check parallax . They separate one eye from the other . They 're normally useless on an ordinary photo , but I thought it just might ... I don 't see anything . Here , let me ... What the devil is going on in here ? Members of your faculty and I were just discussing matters of science with the esteemed Mr. Fort . Surely , that 's not a problem ? Well , no , it 's just ... The Arkham Advertiser would like a few photos of Mr. Fort and me . And Wilmarth . They 're waiting . Well , I assure you we won 't keep them waiting . Run along now . Well , Wilmarth ? Have you seen enough ? Are you a believer now ? This could be proof ! But it 's not ! It 's ... well , it 's vague . It 's all just ... Open your eyes , Wilmarth . You 'll never find proof , but you might learn something . You should go to Vermont : Unless , of course , you prefer to keep pretending . A pleasure to make your acquaintance , young man . Thank you . They really are real ... I 'm sure they are . I can 't take it any more . I told my dad , I 'm leaving . I 'm going to go to San Diego . I 've begged him to come with me , but he he can 't bear to leave the old family farm . I hear San Diego 's nice . Although it has rained shrimp once or twice . Good luck to you , son . We 'd better go before Hayes blows a gasket . Wilmarth ? Are you coming ? Yes , Wilmarth , don 't you want your picture in the paper ? Commemorate this evening ? I 'll be along . Let me see Mr. Akeley out . Listen , George , I 'd like to examine these more closely . Could I borrow them for a ... Professor , I have something else . A phonograph recording . Of them . Them ? You recorded the hill creatures ? My father did . There 's a person 's voice on it with them . There are people , a sort of cult , that work in collusion with the creatures . I 'll bring it to you . You can decide for yourself . Less than an hour later , George met me at my office and left me with a wax cylinder . He begged me to go to Vermont and help his father . Whatever was going on , it was clear that Henry Akeley believed he was under attack , and his son was terrified . ... so let the voices of the faithful ring out . So from the wells of night to the gulfs of space and from the gulfs of space to the wells of night , everthe praises of Great Cthulhu of Tsathoggua and of Him Who Is Not to Be Named . Ever the praises and abundance to the Black Goat of the Woods . Iä Shub Niggurath ! Iä Shub Niggurath ! The Black Goat of the Woods with a Thousand Young ! Down the onyx steps he comes , hearing our call bourne on the wings of night , out beyond space , out beyond the final gate to That whereof Yuggoth is the youngest child , rolling alone in the black aether at the rim to bring us tidings ... Akeley recorded the things ? Yes . It 's labelled first of May , 1928 . May Eve ... Yes . Sounds like some kind of a ritual , don 't you think ? Of course it 's a ritual . It 's a wonder Akeley 's still alive . He 's a tenacious man , I must admit . You should read some of his letters , Nate . They 're ... extraordinary . OK , now that one voice , now that sounds to me like someone from Boston , but that other one , it hardly sounds human at all . No matter how many times I listen to it ... Don 't play it again , Albert . Stop answering Akeley 's letters . And don 't let Fort goad you into doing something stupid . You 're hell-bent on trying to scare me off this thing , aren 't you ? You got Davenport 's manuscript . Let that be enough . Go write a book . And stop working my side of the street ! You 're an academic : Stay indoors where you belong . Nate , maybe I was wrong about this ... I think there may really be something there . Akeley is living folklore ! It 's worth a look , in the name of science . Take it from me . You don 't want to know . I took Ward 's warning seriously . I planned to abandon the matter until Akeley wrote offering to send me the mysterious black stone . I was eager to compare it to the illustrations in Davenport 's manuscript , so it was agreed that George would bring it to Boston on his way to California . Akeley mistrusted the post , so I was to meet George at North Station in Boston and he would give it to me directly . Remember , Professor Albert Wilmarth . Give it straight to him and no one else . George never met me in Boston . Weeks went by without a word from him . The black stone was gone , and so was George . Henry and I had been corresponding for months . Recently , his letters grew increasingly fearful . Even his handwriting showed the strain as he told of unknown things closing in around him , so his next letter came as a complete surprise . My dear Wilmarth , pardon this typed letter , but my handwriting has grown shaky of late and I don 't feel equal to long stretches of script . Allow me to set you at rest regarding all the silly things I 've been writing you . I say " silly " , although by that I mean my frightened attitude rather than my descriptions of certain phenomena . My mistake had been in establishing a hostile attitude toward them . What I thought morbid and frightful is in reality awesome and mind-expanding and even glorious . I chalk up my previous attitude to man 's eternal tendency to hate and fear and shrink from the utterly different . Now that all is safe , I 'd like you to share in my discoveries . Please come soon so we can discuss them . Bring along the recordings and all my letters to you and the Kodak prints too . We shall need them in piecing together the whole tremendous story . Please come immediately . Send me a wire and my car will meet you at the Brattleboro station . What do you think , Theobald ? It was such a relief , that letter , and yet distrubing too . The complete change of mood was peculiar . In the end , I decided to go to Vermont and see for myself . I neglected to tell anyone where I was going . I suppose I didn 't want Ward to attempt to thwart my burning curiosity . Mr. Wilmarth , I presume ? Yes . I 'm Albert Wilmarth . P.F. Noyes , at your service . Henry Akeley asked if I 'd do him the favor of giving you a lift up to the farm . I thought he 'd come himself . He has not been well . Is that all your belongings ? Allow me . No thanks , I 'll take that . No , no , I insist . Follow me . Is Henry all right ? His last letter didn 't say anything ... It 's a sudden attack of some kind of asthma . He said he was not up for the trip in this weather but not to worry , he 'd be his old self again before long . Right this way ... Get in the car . I don 't bite , Mr. Wilmarth . Get in . You 're from Miskatonic University ? Yes , that 's right . I 'm in the English Department . I 'm a folklorist . And what brings you to our folksy back woods ? Henry asked me ... to pay him a visit . Well , hopefully you won 't regret the trip . Why would I ? Beastly weather like this can spoil anything . Do you ... have you ever been on the wireless ? Your voice sounds so familiar . I get that a lot . No , no , just a frustrating brush with amateur dramatics in my youth . I played Brutus in Julius Caesar once . " Brutus is an honourable man . " Quite . Have you set your watch back ? We 're in Vermont now : We 'll have none of these new-fangled daylight-saving schemes , good sir ! I think you 'll find time runs differently here . Wild country , eh , Mr. Wilmarth ? Indeed . Not like the big cities on the coast , or your academic towns . Our storied hills and legend-haunted mountains of any professional interest for you ? Oh , I don 't know . It 's altogether older and more primitive here . Unspoiled . Ancestral , really . You can almost feel that continuous native life that keeps alive ancient memories , and shadowy , strange beliefs . I 'd have thought Henry would have told you plenty about that . He hasn 't said too much . Good . We wouldn 't want him scaring you off now , eh ? Now what 's this ? What 's the trouble , Walter ? Flood 's damaged the bridge . You 'll have to turn round . I 'm trying to take Mr. Wilmarth here up to Akeley 's place . You can 't take a car across , she may not hold . Can you still walk across ? Aye-yep . Laid down planks . Ye can cross a-foot . For the present . It 's quite a frightful detour if we go around . Could take us four or five hours in this weather . On foot you 'll be there in less than an hour . I see . Probably best if you cross a-foot . Walter , do you think this rain is going to let up ? I don 't reckon . Looks like a bad night . Might want to get a move on , get up to Akeley 's . Don 't want to dilly-dally . A man could get ... Now then , Walter , we don 't want to scare the man . I 'm the last thing he should be afraid of . Of course I don 't mind taking you on the detour . No , no , I 'll manage . Here , take my umbrella . I insist . Thank you . I 'll leave it with Akeley . Now Henry might be resting when you get there , and with this weather he mightn 't hear you knock . But he 's expecting you , so you can just let yourself in . Are you sure ? Oh sure , he won 't mind . Well , thank you . Not at all . I 'll be seeing you , Mr. Wilmarth . Excuse me , hello ? Hello ? Sorry to trouble you , can you tell me the way to ... The Akeley place ? Yes . How did you ... We don 't get many visitors around here . What 's your business ? My business ? Henry invited me . As his guest . Invited , eh ? Yes , that 's right . You come alone ? I did . A Mr. Noyes brought me in from Brattleboro , but the bridge is ... Noyes ? You know him too ? No . Honestly I was surprised Henry didn 't pick me up himself . Mr. Noyes said he 'd been unwell . Rain 's going to keep coming down all night . Best stay indoors . You 'll find the Akeley 's place back up on the road , overthe rise . You can cut through the field , past the barn . Thank you , mister ... Masterson . Will Masterson . Hannah ! Get back ! Hannah ! Not much of a day for hunting , is it ? 'Pends on what you 're hunting for . Mr. Akeley ? It 's Albert Wilmarth . I 'm here . Mr. Wilmarth , at last . Pardon my not rising , but I 've been taken ill , as I 'm sure Mr. Noyes must have told you , but I could not resist having you come just the same . Yes . How are you feeling ? Can I get you anything ? No , no . I know these old spells . I just need some rest . Here , let me open up the curtains ... Just a little , if you please . When I 'm ill like this my eyes are quite sensitive to the light . Oh , of course . I 'm sorry . I 'm so pleased you 're here in person . There 's so much to discuss . You have the Kodak prints and the phonograph record ? The letters ? Sure I do . And a manuscript of old folklore which I 'm sure you 'll find of interest . Unexpected . And wonderful . Set them on the table there and we 'll discuss them tonight . Will you be up to it ? Oh , yes . I 'm just a little weak right now but I 'll be fine . Your room is upstairs , above this one . And there 's a meal laid out for you in the dining room , through that door there . I 'll be a better host tomorrow ; these spells leave me spent . It 's quite alright . I 'm tired myself . The bridge was out . I had to walk up here . How unfortunate . Please , dry off and make yourself at home . I 'll rest until after dusk and then we will talk some more . We have so very much to discuss ! Henry , I don 't suppose you 've had any further word from George , have you ? Yes , your ... Ah yes , George . Yes , he sent a telegram from California . He was delayed . That 's wonderful news ! What a relief . Yes . And the black stone ? Does he still have it ? That 's of no importance now . Do you realise the stupendous nature of what lies before us ? Henry , you ... Forgive me . My enthusiasm runs ahead of me , and I should rest . We will talk later . Set out the items from your bag , take a bite , make yourself comfortable and we shall have our chat . I 'll stay here . Rest . I thought you might like some Ovaltine . Did you find the meal laid out for you ? Yes , thank you . Very kind of you . I 'lljust set this right here . So , Henry , are you feeling up to our conversation ? Wilmarth . Yes . Conversation . Do we have all your evidence at hand ? It 's all right here on the table . Good . I never should have sent you any of those things , you know . Such a lot of bother , and all for nothing . What do you mean ? There was never any reason to fear them . It was foolish to interfere with their doings . Men simply can 't understand their great purpose . Hold on , Henry . I came here prepared to accept there were undiscovered creatures living in these hills , but a " purpose " ? Really now ... I 've spoken to them , Wilmarth . You 've what ? Oh , yes . They 've told me things that neither you nor I had ever begun to guess . We misjudged the purpose of their secret colony on this planet . You saw and spoke to them ? They are not unwilling to share their great secrets with mankind . Secrets of the universe itself . OK , Henry , so they choose humans to talk to , just like in the folklore . The folklore ... All your legends about what they 've offered to men , and what they wish in connection with the earth , are based on man 's misconceptions of allegorical speech . Your most educated experts understand them no betterthan illiterate farmers or savage natives . Alright Henry , what is it they want ? Shall I tell you ? Are you ready ? Come closer . Let me whisper it to you . Even now I could not repeat the terrible things I heard whispered that evening in the darkened room among the lonely hills . What he had learned from the Outside Things was almost too much for sanity to bear . It was shocking to have the foulest nightmares of secret myth revealed in concrete terms , and yet Akeley now seemed reconciled to the whole fiendish system he had stumbled upon . I 'm going with them , Wilmarth . Going with them ? Where ? Their main immediate abode is a still undiscovered , almost lightless planet at the very edge of our solar system . It is referred to as " Yuggoth " in some of your precious folklore . When the time is right , they 'll permit human observers to detect it . But Yuggoth is just a stepping stone . Later , I 'll cross incalculable gulfs of space , bending time to allow for temporal journeys . The things can carry you through space ? Human bodies are not suited forthe journey like theirs are . But they 've solved the challenge with their surgical , mechanical , and chemical skills . Surgical ? Henry , you don 't mean ... This is madness ! No , it 's true . The human body cannot make the journey , but in their care , the human mind can venture to the most distant corners of the universe . They surgically extract the brain and suspend it in a fluid-filled cylinder they have ingeniously engineered . Freed from the constraints of your biological frailty , the mind lives on in an experience far beyond anything accessible to mere man . No , Henry . I can 't believe this . Of course not . Go over to the hutch there and remove the cloth . What are these ? Not " what , " Albert , but " who . " These contain ? Yes , Albert . Three are human . The rest are , well ... in the cave in Round Hill there are beings of all sorts , from more interesting places . We can connect them to sensory apparatus you literally cannot imagine . Place the one marked B-67 onto the table . Good . Now , connect the tube into the recess . There on the side . Excellent . Please , connect the other devices as well . Excellent . That will engage the device ... Look , Akeley , I 'm not falling for some spectacular parlour trick with a radio ... Nor do we expect you to , Mr. Wilmarth . I don 't mean to alarm you . I am a human being , like yourself . My brain is in the cylinder and I see , speak and hear through these ingenious vibrators . My body is being properly vitalised and cared for in a storage facility not far from here . Do you understand ? Excellent . Soon Mr. Akeley and I will leave here on an incredible journey . We hope you will join us . Do you mean to say that your brain , that this ... That 's right . I met them years ago in the Himalaya and helped them in various ways . In return , they rewarded me with experiences few men have ever had . You ... wanted this ? Think about it , Mr. Wilmarth . Do you understand what it means when I say I have been on thirty seven celestial bodies - planets , dark stars , even objects purely outside the curved cosmos of space and time ? Of course you do . And of course , you cannot . You travel in space and survive ? The cylinders are made for such a purpose . Further , My brain is immune from disease here , and even age . And my body is perfectly preserved if I ever wanted it again . But I doubt that I will . We will talk some more tomorrow about you coming with us . I hope you will . The visitors are eager to know men of knowledge , like you . It may seem strange at first to meet them , but I know you 'll be above minding that . I think Mr. Noyes , the man who brought you up in his automobile , he 'll come too . No doubt you recognised his voice from the recordings Henry sent you . That was Noyes , on the recordings ! It is completely painless . When the devices are disconnected , one merely drops off into a deep sleep with vivid and fantastic dreams . Of course , it 's up to you , but I hope you 'll consider it . But for the moment , would you be so good as to disconnect me ? Mr. Akeley , I expect you to treat our guest well . Good night , Mr. Wilmarth . I 'm afraid all this excitement has taken its toll on me and I should like to rest . Take the lamp with you . Just leave the machines where they are . A bit shocking , isn 't it ? Never mind . Sleep on it . Good night , Albert . Yes , good night , Henry He lacks imagination , and his spirit is weak . He is not worthy of N 'gah-Kthun . To us he 's no more interesting than your goldfish in a bowl . But this is an outrage ! This is not how it was presented to me . I demand - You 're in no position to make demands . You wouldn 't be here at all if it weren 't for Davenport ! We can eliminate him for you , if you wish . He may still be of use to you in this night 's great business . The opening of the passage may yet be smoothed by the use of a sacrifice . Go . Long have we waited for the opening of the passage . That most sacred duty falls to me and I will not give it up . I know the cost , and it is my honour to serve the Mi-Go . And if this Wilmarth stands in my way , I will eliminate him . Never have I heard such a misguided speech . We work with the Mi-Go for the betterment of the human race . You would presume to travel to Yuggoth only for your own gain of knowledge from beyond ! Insignificant fool ! Have you truly learned nothing from your masters ? By their will alone you are kept alive , and by my continued patient indulgence . I am the opener of the gate and you will not dictate to me ! It would be no difficulty to eliminate him . I can do it tonight if you command it . This discussion itself distracts us from greater matters that cannot wait . I won 't listen to any ... Do you really dare to defy us ? Please ! I never meant to offend ... Mr. Noyes , please stop ! He 's right : Eliminating Wilmarth was never part of the bargain . I don 't mean to question your authority , but never did anyone tell me ... You don 't know what devotion means . Clearly neither of you has faith in our great purpose . But not to worry , my dear , dear friend , I shall show you the meaning of faith now ! Go upstairs and get Wilmarth . Don 't let them see you . Run . I can 't just leave Mr. Akeley in there ... I ... can 't . I can 't . Wait ... Mr. Noyes , Wilmarth 's gone ! He must have jumped from the upstairs window and fled ! I couldn 't see him nowhere ... I told you to make sure he stayed here . Imbecile ! Daddy , I just saw a strange man running towards the bridge . Hannah , what are you doing here ? I told you to stay inside at home . That 's Wilmarth . Let 's go . Right . Hannah , stay here . The girl said he was heading for the bridge . Maybe we can cut him off ... We have more important matters to attend to . The time is now . You , bring him to the ritual . If he resists , kill him . Henry ? Henry Akeley ? Is it you ? Can you hear me ? Who the devil are you ? Oh God , no ! I wired you not to come here . I warned you . But earlier tonight you said that we should join them . Earlier tonight ? What do you mean ? We 've never spoken . But we ... Something 's wrong . I don 't feel well . I can 't feel my legs . Why are you looking at me like that ? Henry , they 've ... Good god , no ! I 'm so sorry . They 've really done it ? My brain , my mind ? Yes . What about my body ? I ... I don 't know . He said they store them somewhere ... Wilmarth , don 't believe anything they 've told you . They want to get to you , like they got to me . We know too much . Masterson warned me not to interfere . They 're going to do something terrible . What will they do ? Masterson said they were " digging a tunnel " . But I can 't remember ... My God , Wilmarth , what have they done ? ! Digging a tunnel ? What kind of tunnel ? To where ? George ! Why didn 't I listen to him ? Think , Akeley ! Try to remember ! At least he 's safely away from here ! Akeley ! What tunnel ? Masterson warned me . My god , Wilmarth , you never should have come here ! Akeley , what tunnel ? You 've got to remember ! You can 't believe them ! It 's not a literal tunnel . They 're going to open the spirit-door ! What do you mean ? There 's a legend , in the Davenport book . The Pennacook said the Outer Ones will take sacred stones to make a kind of a doorwayto their world . Maybe that 's what he meant by a " tunnel " ... The black stone ! What ? The black stone that George brought to you . I found it in a ring of stones . It must be part of the door , that 's why they were so keen to get it back . Henry , George never brought me the stone . How can that be ? I saw him onto the train myself . I put it in his hands . Yes , but he never ... My god , Henry , that was weeks ago . How long have you been like this ? What ? George never met me in Boston . He never got off the train . Earlier tonight you said ... that thing said that George ... My god . It was a lie . Where is my son ? Henry , they wanted to get the stone back . They must have ... No ! I 'm so sorry . I sent him right into their hands ! What have I done ? Henry , listen to me . I overheard them , they 're going to try to open the doorway tonight . I have to go . Wilmarth ! You can 't leave me like this ! Put an end to it . I beg you . Henry , I don 't ... I can 't ... They took my son . They took my body . In the name of all that 's holy , don 't leave me like this . Thank you , Albert . I can 't live like this . Do it ! Please ! Henry , I 'm so sorry . You should have done it . You 'd have been doing him a favour . I couldn 't . Pity . Please put the gun down . Look , I don 't know anything . I 'm not trying to stop them . You 're too late . Too late ? To stop them , even if there was a way . Akeley said you know what they 're trying to do , about the tunnel ... I said you 're too late ! Can 't stop ' em now . No , their tunnel , it 's a spirit door ... a kind of passage ... I know . I know all about it . I 'm supposed to be there with them now to open it . I couldn 't go . It 's too late for all of us . No , Akeley said if we ... They played Akeley perfectly . He believed what they told him . They manipulated him . Fear , greed , they know how to work us over . No , the Davenport book , it says the same things that Akeley ... Of course it does . Those things wrote the book ! No , Davenport just collected folklore . Legends from settlers and Indians . Who do you think told the Indians the legends ? They did . But this thing they 're making , it leads back to where they come from . No , no , no . It 's not a door to lead there . Nobody 's going to use it to go there . It 's a door that leads here ! Here ? Most of them can 't fly through space . They make machinery to help some others make the trip . Most of 'em can never come here . But once they have the tunnel , their door , they 'll come . They 're coming now . Coming here . Straight to Round Mountain . More of them ? How many ? How many stars are there ? Oh my God ! So this tunnel , is it in their cave ? No , no . It 's on the mountain top . They got a ritual , a religious thing , they have to do in front of the standing stones up on Round Mountain . In the cave there 's a staircase sort of a thing that leads to the mountain top . What will they do ? Noyes has to lead the Mi-Go in a ritual . I know it has to do with the series of stones they brought from Yuggoth . He 's probably already started . We have to stop him . We can 't ! Don 't you get it ? There are things that cannot be stopped . You can 't stop him . You can 't stop them . Mankind is done . They 're what 's next . No , no you 're wrong . Wrong ? Wrong ? Have you seen one ? Up close ? They can put thoughts right into your head . We 're no match for them . We can 't just surrender . They won 't let us surrender ; we 've already lost . No , no there 's got to be something we can do . End it now . End it now . Don 't give them the pleasure of destroying us . No , no , the book ... there 's a passage in there about the spirit-door . It 's in Davenport 's notes ... That book ? Lies ! No , the Indians told Davenport that only a high priest of our world can open the spirit-door to their world . It has to be a shaman who goes through first or it wont work . There 's something about who goes through first ... Here , let me show you ... Leave it alone ! Masterson , it 's right there . I think there is something we can do ... Don 't open it . It 's a trick , it 's full of their lies . The Mi-Go deceive us at every turn . Now hold on , let me just show you ... No ! It 's all their lies ! It 's just what they want us to think . Don 't you see ? There 's nothing we can do . No , there is a way , it 's in the book ! Here . Just let me show you . No ! Are you out of your mind ? We can 't stop them . They 're coming . We 're doomed . We 're all doomed . Only one thing left ... No ! We have to go . Somewhere safe . The barn . The barn ... your barn ? Sit down . It 's Hannah , isn 't it ? You 'll be all right Hannah . Such a pretty name . My name is Albert . It 's not very pretty , is it ? You know , I ... had a little girl of my own once . Years ago . She was just a bit younger than you are now . Right after the war ... a lot of people got terribly sick . My Sonia got the sickness . My wife , too . Both my girls . The doctors couldn 't help her - so many people had the influenza ... You know what I did when my little girl didn 't feel well ? I sang her a song and that made her feel better . Would you like me to sing that song for you ? No . That 's all right , Hannah . That 's all right . Now listen to me , Hannah . There 's something I have to do . These things ... They 've made a kind of a door to where they come from and they 're going to try to open it . Someone special , Mr. Noyes , I think , is going to do that . If I can stop him ... No more of the things will come . It will all be over . But I have to go , right now . I promise you , no matter what , I will come back for you . Hannah , I have to go . To keep us safe . If I don 't stop them ... They 'll come . They will . I have to go to Round Mountain . There 's a cave there . I can take you . No . No , it 's too dangerous . I have to go alone . I can help you . You 've already helped me , Hannah . If you follow the main path , you 'll get to where there 's two stumps . If you go to the left , the path goes uphill , right up by their cave . There 's a big boulder in front of it . So , up the path to the two stumps , to the left , to the boulder . You 'll need this . I need to leave now . I know . You wait here for me . This place is safe . My daddy painted hexes over the door . They can 't come in here . Good girl , Hannah . You stay here . I 'll be back for you , no matter what . Thank you , Hannah , for helping me . Goodbye , Albert . ... for such a passage provideth the Black Goat of the Woods . ... and lo the seventh and final , carried from lightless Yuggoth through the black seas of infinity , for it is the stone that carries the name of its messenger Who Is Not to Be Named . And in the name of the Black Goat of the Wood with a Thousand Young ... For great has the journey to black Yuggoth been , now it be conjoined , and thither shall mankind go to share in the nameless and unspoken rites of Shub-Niggurath . Thus in the name of the Name Which Must Not Be Spoken , do I this passage consecrate with my person . Open shall the passage be rendered in the name of the Black Goat of the Woods with a Thousand Young ! Open the door , sweetheart ! It 's me , it 's Albert ! Can you hear me ? Unlock the door sweetheart ! It 's all right ! Thank you , sweetheart . Are you all right ? Yes . Get in the airplane . We 're getting out of here . You couldn 't stop them . Get in the plane . You 've flown in it before , haven 't you ? Yes . Do you know how to turn the magneto on ? How to open the throttle ? Did your father ever show you any of that ? Yes . Good girl . Open up the throttle , Hannah . Don 't touch any of the switches . No , the otherway . You have to turn it the other way . Oh , right . Good girl . Oh god . There is no need for you to suffer . You can live forever among us . Turn on the magneto now , Hannah ! Ignition on ! Wilmarth . Come with us . Are you sure the magneto 's on , honey ? Yes . Wilmarth . You cannot escape us . Albert , can you hear them too ? Are you ready ? Yes . Don 't be afraid . It 's coming ! Hang on ! I got him , Albert ! I got him ! Good girl ! You cannot escape us . You cannot succeed . And that was all . You know the rest , of course , betterthan I myself , I would dare to say . It all seems so normal and easy now . I feel foolish when I think how I resisted it . The experience has been so far beyond anything I could possibly have imagined . I suppose I hardly need to explain that to you . The Akeleys paid a price for their involvement , though it 's hardly significant when compared to the scope of the matters at hand . I now regret the harm I inflicted and am so grateful that they hold no grudge . I 'm so looking forward to my first trip to the outside , to joining the ranks of those few privileged mortals to share in the glory of their understanding . I have been given a rich boon of knowledge and intellectual adventure which few other men have ever shared . Wilmarth ? Are you in there ? It 's me , Ward . Open up ! And now , if you don 't mind , we might adjourn our session until tomorrow . When disconnected , I find I drop off into a sleep of the most vivid , fantastic dreams . I 've rather come to enjoy it . If you 'd be so kind ... Good night .
