 He 's an observer . They only show up at significant events . That he 's here must mean it 's important . Previously on Fringe ... ( Walter ) He wants to go into the observer 's mind . I do not have long . I need you to do something for me . Walter . How can she have memories of my Olivia 's life that are clearer to her than her own ? No matter how badly I want my Olivia back , I can 't make this one have memories she didn 't experience . ( Walter ) I think you are . Even without meaning to . And it 's wrong , Peter . I don 't understand what 's happening to me , but if you look into my eyes , you can see that I am her . No . I know she 's out there- - my Olivia in my timeline . I 'm sorry . I think it 's better if I just stay away . [ Dialogue inaudible ] The whole world is on fire , starting with my office . We 've had to completely reevaluate all our security measures after what that woman did . The truth is ... I wanted to give you time to collect your thoughts . I know when there 's something you want to talk about . I 'm in love with Peter . I know it sounds absurd to you . I hardly know him . But it 's like I 've known him my entire life . And everybody , including him , keeps telling me that it 's impossible . When Walter told me what you were going through- - two sets of memories , two sets of experiences- - he said the Cortexiphan dosing might be enabling you to remember things that Peter wants you to remember . But I can remember things that Peter couldn 't have known , like details of cases that he wasn 't on or names , um , places he 's never been . I mean , how can that be if--if he 's controlling it ? I don 't know how this is happening , but ... I 'm scared . We 're gonna figure out what 's happening with you , Olive . Now , as for your feelings about Peter , all wounds heal over time . Yeah . I just wish the time would move a little quicker . Well , that 's a coincidence , because we just filed a patent on that last week . It 's good to be with you . We should do this more often . What 's wrong ? We always have breakfast together on Saturday mornings . We were here last week . Are you saying you don 't remember ? I 'm worried . You 're having these experiences at what cost ? I 'll talk to Walter . [ Answering machine beeps ] ( Celia ) Hey , Jane , it 's Celia . God , it was a beautiful service ... [ Ominous music ] ♪ ♪ If you need anything , please call us . [ Answering machine beeps ] Who are you ? What do you want ? [ Grunts ] No , please don 't ! No , please don 't ! [ Whimpering ] [ Grunts ] No ... No ! No ! [ Grunts ] [ Gasping , grunting ] ♪ Fringe 4x15 ♪ A Short Story About Love Original Air Date on March 23 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ ( Walter ) Olivia . - Hello , Walter . - Oh , I 'm so glad you 're here . - Is everything all right ? - I 've run out of MMs . But I want to show you something . I ordered this on the interweb to keep an eye on our cleaning crew . - A teddy bear ? - A teddy bear-witness . It has a camera . To my surprise , this inadvertently recorded the event between Peter and our bald man in the lab . Come . [ Keys clack ] What do you see ? I see him disappear and then the table get knocked over . Uh-huh . Look again . Do you see the blip ? Okay , I saw it then . I believe something happened here that was undetectable to the human eye . Ah ! They 're back from M.I.T. What did I just pick up , Walter ? There were a lot of security precautions . It 's an apparatus designed to slow down video . The playback rate is so deccelerated that you can actually see light particles . Come on , Tommy , let 's see what we can find on that tape . How are you feeling ? I 'm fine . I was gonna come and talk to Walter , but his mind is firmly somewhere else at the moment . Astro , my waffle iron blew its fuse . [ Cell phone rings ] Uh , this is Dunham . ( Broyles ) Jane Hall- - she was found by her sister . That 's severe bruising . Those aren 't bruises . The victim 's skin had a reaction to some type of chemical residue left by the assailant 's hands . So why are we here ? This is the second killing in a month where a woman has had the same marks . Both were recently widowed . And the husbands died under mysterious circumstances . ( Broyles ) The bodies were dumped in fields , completely dehydrated . As a matter of fact , Ms. Hall had just arrived home from her husband Mark 's funeral when she was killed . Okay , so we know that the killer is targeting couples . There 's one more thing . In both cases , DNA of the deceased husbands was found on the victims ' necks . You 're saying that both widows were killed by their dead mates ? It appears that 's what the evidence is saying . But her husband 's body was only exhumed 15 minutes ago . Oh , my . [ Cell phone vibrates ] Hello ? Peter , I need you here immediately--where are you ? I 'm in a cab on my way to the bus station . Bus station ? Where are you going ? ( Peter ) New York . You wanted me to stay away from her , remember ? And a bus is as good a mode of transportation as any when you 're trying to get out of town . You didn 't tell me . Anyway , you must come back to the lab at once . Why , what 's going on ? I think the observer may have done something to your eye . ( Peter ) Whatever he did , it wasn 't seen by the other observers . All I care about is what he 's done to you . So what 's in New York ? I told you , Walter , it 's what 's not in New York- - Olivia . I admire you , Peter . [ Grunts ] [ Chuckles ] And why is that , Walter ? I told you what the right thing , ethically , was to do ... leaving Olivia ... But I don 't know that I would have had the strength to do it myself . Is that your way of thanking me for taking your advice ? It 's a ... particularly obtuse way to admit that you 're a better man than I am . Einai kalytero anthropo apo ton patera toy . Is that Greek ? Yeah . Yeah , it means be a better man than your father . It 's something I was told a long time ago . But it is very strange to hear you say it . Hmm . What is it ? There 's something in there . It 's got writing on it . ( Peter ) It 's an address . ( Walter ) 228 1 / 2 Morrow Street . It 's amazing . I suspect this message , if left alone to run its course , would have fully dissolved , taking its place firmly in your mind 's eye . You think this would have etched itself into my brain ? ( Walter ) Organic ocular suggestion . You wouldn 't be aware , but you would be irresistibly compelled to visit . ( Man ) Dr. Bishop ? What ? Agent Farnsworth said to bring her in if we were here first . - Who is she ? - Jane Hall . I think it 's a case , Walter . Oh . Oh , oh , right . Well , fine . Bring the poor dear down and put her on the slab . [ Ominous music ] ( Walter ) The human body is composed of 60 % water . However , Mr. Hall 's body was drained of almost all moisture . He was literally killed by extreme dehydration . Among other things that are lost with such ... [ Grunts ] dehydration ... are pheromones . It wasn 't only Mr. hall 's DNA found on his widow 's neck . Specifically , it was a very concentrated solution of Mark 's pheromones , which is what 's causing the burning on the victim 's neck . Why would somebody concentrate pheromones ? They control our moods , our appetites ... Who we give our hearts to . So he 's targeting couples , killing the male , extracting the pheromones . Do you think that he 's trying to win the female ? A love potion ? Possibly . [ Crunching ] Mm ... I would like to examine the first victims he did this to . Okay . I will get the ball rolling on the exhumations , see if I can get their files pulled . Oh , I 'm sorry . They 're Peter 's . I made him get off the bus to New York . But you didn 't know that . That he was on his way to New York ? No . Where is he now ? [ Doorknob creaks ] Thank you , dear . Walter , my memories are slipping . They 're disappearing . Your own memories ? You said to me they 're in the back of your mind . Well , I didn 't tell anybody that it was happening , because if Peter was gonna be with me , then I didn 't think about the consequences . I just didn 't care . But it 's getting worse , Walter , whatever it is that 's happening . And I want you to try and stop it . I want you to see if you can reverse it . I just--I want to go back to who I was . Olivia ... I don 't want to feel like this anymore . I 'll think of something . ( Man ) I can do that , if you want . Really ? - Yeah . - Yeah , that 'd be great . Thank you . Oh , he 's so cute . I don 't know about cute . This is Omar . Are you ready ? Mm-hmm . Oh , you two look so in love . Beautiful . - Oh , it 's great . - Perfect . You guys from around here ? Yeah , Brooklyn . ( Woman ) Come on , Oliver . [ Woman chuckles ] All right . [ Woman chuckles ] - Well , take care . ( Man ) Thank you . Thanks . ( Woman ) Andrew , be sure to get the lake in the background . I could take that picture for you , if you want . Smell this . [ Inhales deeply ] [ Coughs ] Walter , what is that ? It is putrid ! Mortius bestia- - roadkill . Specifically , an aromatic excretion from the castor sacs of the North American beaver used primarily for marking and mating . I went beaver hunting in eastern Canada in the ' 70s . Of course , in those days , " beaver " meant something else entirely . Walter , why would you make me wear this and smell roadkill ? Because I have been smelling things for the past hour , and I 've lost my objectivity . Now are you gonna help me or not ? Okay , take a look at these . These are statements from friends and family . The one thing that they said about both couples is that they had great , solid , loving marriages . So ? So maybe he 's targing couples that personify the kind of love that he wants . What ? Nothing . [ Clears throat ] Are you okay ? I mean , with all you 've been through in the past few days ... You know , if you ever ... need anything ... I 'm here . I know . [ Knocks on door ] Um , Walter wants to know which of you has fearless nasal passages . For thousands of years , perfume makers have used a single disparate , rancid note to counterbalance all of the other sweet and unctuous scents in a fragrance . The ancient Mesopotamians used fish oil . The Greeks used animal carcass . The Egyptians used afterbirth . But used in proportion so that the human nose cannot detect the unique odor . You 're saying our suspect is making a perfume ? No . But like perfume , the chemical compound that our perpetrator is using to lure the opposite sex ... Does contain a rancid note . I found this on Jane Hall 's neck , mixed with the pheromones of her dead mate . It 's an ingredient called castoreum . - Hmm ? ( Astrid ) Uh-uh . Anyway , we can trace it . It is not easy to get . I only found five perfume manufacturers that use it . You guys can work these , and I 'll take these . [ Inhales sharply ] [ Soft beeping ] [ Beeping continues ] [ Cell phone rings ] - Hey , Astrid . - Hey . Where are you ? We 're just leaving Scentax . We 're on our way to KJS next . Forget about that place . Empire World Fragrance fired one of its employees a few months ago for theft . Guess what he stole . Castoreum . Do you have an address ? Let me out ! Aah ! Aah ! Aah ! [ Machine humming ] [ Dramatic pop music plays ] ♪ ♪ Clear ! It 's still warm . He was just here . Olivia . He 's married . " Andrew Sutter , age 36 . 212 Piedmont Ave . , Milton . " Okay , I 'm gonna call Broyles , tell him we know who the next victim 's going to be . [ Device beeping ] [ Beeping increases , stops ] [ Rumbling ] [ Gasps ] It 's okay . We 're with the FBI . - My name is Agent Olivia Dunham . - What--what are you doing ? Are you Dianna Sutter ? Last time I spoke to Andrew was this morning . [ Sniffles ] His car 's in the shop today . I told him to get a ride home from work because ... [ Voice breaking ] Because I was too busy . Believe me when I tell you that we are going to make sure that he doesn 't hurt you or anybody else . We 're in position . Now what ? Now we wait . Just keep looking straight ahead . You must have loved each other very much . We were married the summer after our senior year at Brown . This August , it ... would have been 15 years . We were best friends in college . He was always helping me get over a broken heart from one boy or another . He couldn 't understand why I kept letting it happen ... What I was looking for . He couldn 't really understand the difference between loving someone and being in love with them . It 's different , you know . But people get tired ... of looking and hoping . Maybe he 's taking his time . Like he did with Jane Hall . Or maybe he was never coming here at all . This guy targets couples in love . You heard her talking about her marriage . Why would Carr pick them ? Mrs. Sutter , is it possible that your husband may have been having an affair ? How did you know ? Do you know her name ? W-what are you doing in my house ? [ Shouts ] Shh ... No ! [ Screaming ] Shh , shh , shh , shh , shh , shh , shh . [ Stops screaming ] No , please , God ! No ! Help me ! Shh . Help me ! Shh , shh . [ Muffled cries ] I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . I 'm so sorry . Aah ! ( Olivia ) Let her go ! Move away from her . [ Gasping ] Do you know how much pain you caused ? I don 't want you to think that I did it for me . I mean , not just for me . We 're not meant to be alone . It 's every human being 's right to know love . And had I succeeded ... Had I found the right chemicals- - just the right ... balance ... I could have given the world ... what you have . What do I have ? Love . I can smell that you 're in love . ( Nina ) I was wondering when I 'd hear from you . I was just making some tea . How are you feeling ? I 'm okay . I talked to Walter . What did he say ? It doesn 't matter . I met a woman today . She 'd just lost her husband , and as she was talking about him and her marriage , as much as she wanted to be , she--she wasn 't in love . As I was listening to her ... I realized what she was saying . She had let go of the possibility of love ... of finding love . And I could see myself in her . I didn 't like who I was . Now , all of these ... memories and feelings that I 'm experiencing , they 're from a--a better version of me . I 've decided to let things run their course . Oh , you had an emotional day , and you don 't have to decide anything right now . I 've made my decision . You have so much in your life , Olive . Are you just gonna let that all disappear ? And be replaced by what ? Memories ... of a life that you didn 't live ? Yes . Well , how long do we have ? I don 't know . Neither does Walter . Hmm . Well , my mother used to say , " Encourage the quest for happiness in your children , even if it takes them very far away from you . " When the day comes ... if I don 't remember this ... I want you to try and build something with me again . Don 't give up on me . I love you , Nina . I love you , Olive . Thank you . For what ? They hid the universe from me . They locked me out . - You mean the other observers . - Yes . What I led you to is a beacon . I needed you to activate it so I could find my way back . So I helped you . Then I need you to help me now . I have tried everything that I can think of ... everything that I know how to do to get back home , and none of it has worked . And nobody here can help me . But you can . I know you can . Please ... help me get back home . You have been home all along . I don 't understand . I was erased . There is no scientific explanation . But ... I have a theory based on a uniquely human principle . I believe you could not be fully erased because the people who care about you would not let you go . And you ... would not let them go . I believe you call it " love . " And Olivia ? She is your Olivia . [ Loud rumbling ] = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
