 Logan . This is where we 're keeping her . That 's that construction site in the skull block ... If you want to save her , then come on out . We 'll be right here . Kurohagi ... One more problem to deal with ... Not only that , but I find out Yukio is your granddaughter . Kind of a shock . Whoa , look how deep it went in ! It 's kind of hard to handle , but still a pretty sweet weapon . If you don 't throw it right , you might kill her . So what ? She 's screwed , even if Logan does show up . You got that right . No one getting in here . Even with those claws of his ? Those little pig stickers won 't be able to scratch this bunker . And to top it off , we 've got heavy duty fire power pointed at every angle of approach . No matter how he tries to get in ... He 's toast . Even he can 't survive something like that . Well , there 's some other security stuff set up , but ... We 'll save those for when he shows up . With all this , I don 't know if he 'll have the guts to try . Well , I guess we 'll just have to kill time until he gets here with this ! Where are you going ? Ain 't it obvious ? To finish the fight they picked with me . You can 't . You need to finish your end of our bargain first . What was that ? Our deal comes first . So you 're more worried about bringing Kurohagi down than you are about your granddaughter ? What 's so funny ? ! Yukio said something along those lines when she left this place . She had the right idea . Probably . But still ... It cries out ... The pain in my leg is crying out ! It tells me to kill Kurohagi . I get wanting to take risks because of how you feel . But not for the sake of some stupid grudge but for the sake of someone you love ! Min , get the map . R-right ! Don 't you want to know the shortcut to the Dragon Palace ? There 's only one direct path ... and this is it . It 's called Hell Road . I assure you there 's no irony in its naming . Kinda on the nose , ain 't it ? There have been numerous attempts to assault the Dragon Palace using this road ... But ... None of them made it back in one piece . Hell Road ... I can 't think of a more perfect name . So what ambushes should I be worried about ? What kind of traps ? I have no idea . Y 'know , I would 've thought that kind of thing would be included under " showing you the shortcut to the Dragon Palace . " I just told you that no one who has tried this path has survived ! There 's no way for us to know ! Well , when you put it that way ... There 's only one thing I can say for sure . Hell Road is like the embodiment of Madripoor 's history . What ? Criminals from countries all over the world gathered here , and while climbing over each other to establish dominance , managed to create an independent city-state . And all over this city-state , there are traps that were designed to kill off any outsiders who made their way here . Truly hellish traps , understand ? Hell Road is where those traps are most prevalent . So it 's gonna be like a first-hand history lesson , eh ? I dunno what kind of tuition I 'm expected to pay , but I get the feeling it 's supposed to come out of my hide . So what are you gonna be doing while I 'm learning about your rich history ? If you make your way down Hell Road , Kurohagi will be occupied with tracking you . We 'll use that distraction to invade the Dragon Palace from underground . Could you move a little bit ? This is a tunnel we 've dug for just such an occasion . I get it ... I 'm just the distraction , I guess . I 've told you what you need to know . Yeah . I dunno how fair a trade this is , but I 'm in . But first ... I 'm gonna take care of some business . Let me show you how you 're supposed to use this thing ! Looks like I made the right move , checking up on you like this . Mr. Kurohagi ! This is the weapon that took Logan down , but don 't worry ... It only has a fraction of the dose he got . But these rounds are the full dosage . Shall we test it out ? What 's wrong ? ! A.I.M. developed this one with lethal applications in mind ! It should be able to kill any mutant it 's used on , as well . When Logan shows up , use this to finish him off . Then cut his head off , and bring it to me . It 'll make a lovely decoration to commemorate my marriage to Mariko . You dying as bait for someone bigger is perfect ! Just like your parents did . Y-you ... bastard ... My father always had his eyes on his opponents , even if he claimed victory in a conflict . So I knew all about you ... The only thing I would criticize him on is not finishing you off ! If you 'll excuse me ... I need to get ready for the ceremony . You look beautiful ! It really suits you , miss ! We should be able to finish the preparations in time . We shouldn 't waste any time . That mirror reflects the reality of your situation . Father ... I see you 're still thinking about Logan . He will make his way here , just as you 've been wishing . That should make for an ideal wedding gift . His death , that is . It will mark the beginning of your new life . How are we supposed do know Logan hasn 't chickened out ? I dunno , but Mr. Kurohagi says he 's coming . He ain 't coming ... Check camera six . Huh ? I don 't see anything . Look closer , dumbass ! That 's — ! Y-you gotta be kidding ... Yeah , it 's him ! Logan ! That 's right , bring it on ! This should be good ! Dammit ! Alright , time to get serious . Bring it on ! Got him ! Oh crap ! Don 't worry about it ! He can 't get in here . You sure about that ? ! Of course ! Not even a scratch ... I see . It got quiet all of a sudden ... Maybe he gave up ? Go out and check , if you 're so sure . Hell no ! He won 't give up ... that 's one thing we can count on . So what are we gonna do ? Just sit here ? Nah ... Mr. Kurohagi will figure out something , eventually . We just have to wait here until then . What the — I gotta say , I think I like you better when you can 't talk . Took you long enough ! Now who 's the ungrateful one ? Not that I was expecting much ... I remember these ... You can get nostalgic later . We 've got a job to do . I guess you 're right . And I guess I might as well say this ... Thank you . Well , you 're welcome . Where are we headed ? The shortcut to the Dragon Palace . Shortcut ? They called it Hell Road and made it sound like a big deal . Who told you about it ? ! Some old guy named Koh . You met him — ? He kinda forced me to . He used that scrawny kid Rin to lure me out . Have you heard ... the whole story from him ? About me ... Yeah . Didn 't even have to ask him . I see ... He 's the one who raised me . I have to admit , the only reason I 'm still alive is because of the things he taught me . But ... But the only thing in my grandfather 's head is what would have happened if he had taken control of Madripoor from Kurohagi 's father . He cares more about taking control of this island than he does about avenging my mother and father ! When I realized he was training me to help him for that purpose , I started to hate him . And I left . I still feel the same . I don 't intend on getting caught up in your family 's business . I 'm sure you don 't . You 're gonna get revenge on Shingen for killing your parents . And I 'm gonna save Mariko . That 's all there is to it ! Right . That 's all it is . What do you think ? It looks lovely . You look like a movie star , sir . You don 't have to flatter me with false praise ... Oh sir , I would never ! I 'm sure Ms. Mariko will think you look great as well ! That 's right ! R-really — ? Pardon me . Damn you , Logan ... I 've got news ! Logan was successful in rescuing Ms. Yukio . Master Koh ! They were seen heading toward Hell Road together . So far , so good ... But this is where it really begins . Although I 'm sure Wolverine is in for a surprise ... Let 's get ready ! So this is Hell Road — ? I 'd heard about it , but my grandfather always kept me from checking it out . Madripoor 's history of crime ... Let 's check it out . Logan has started down Hell Road . Seems like a regular backroad , if you ask me ... For now , at least . We 're gonna push on through ! It 's not like there 's any other options ! Logan ... The remains of the people who went down Hell Road ... and never came back . Mariko . Next time on Wolverine ... Hell Road .
