 What ? ! Omega Red ? ! What are you doing here ? ! I almost died once , because of you ! But because of the help I got in Madripoor , I survived ! No ... maybe not ! Wolverine ! My hatred towards you — my vendetta — wouldn 't let me to die ! And just when things were getting good ! Another party crasher ! Put the fire out , hurry ! What 're you doing ? ! Move it ! My merchandise ! Logan has engaged some kind of red giant , who was traveling with the smugglers ! You haven 't suffered enough to be dumped in the junkyard yet , Wolverine ! You 're the only one here who looks dressed for the dump , bub ! Bastard ! Arkadij Rossovich . He was once the most infamous serial killer in the Soviet Union . They say his blood runs colder than Siberian ice . He was executed upon arrest , and the KGB was given his remains ... And from there , he was test subject zero for their Super Soldier project , enhancing his body with carbonadium implants . Codename : Omega Red . How does it feel to be cooked alive ? Too bad I doubt even cannibals would be able to stomach you ! The two tendrils implanted in Omega Red 's arms are made of carbonadium which was developed by Soviet scientists to counter our adamantium research . They 're extremely durable , highly maneuverable , and radioactive . But what you need to be most cautious about is how they 're designed to drain the life force from his targets . It can 't be ... is he just going down , like this ! ? Does it hurt ? But compared to the hell you put me through , it 's must be like a warm breeze ! How 's that ? A warm breeze can pack a punch , can 't it ? He knew opening that door would cause the oxygen-starved flames to rush into open air ... He used a backdraft to his advantage ! I guess almost dying didn 't make you any smarter . Shut your mouth ! I 'm going to put an end to you , right here ! Dammit ! The carbonadium they used to make him into a Super Soldier ... To make it compatible with human biology , it requires a device called a carbonadium synthesizer . Without it , their super-soldier 's operational time will be severely limited . And he 'll suffer painful side effects from carbonadium poisoning ... You 're going to steal this device , so that we can study it . You that Omega Red guy I heard about , bub ? Drop the carbonadium synthesizer ! The answer 's no ! Then I 'll take it from you ! I 'm going to give you a taste of the suffering that I went through ! Take your stupid grudge and shove it ! Dammit , the merchandise is burning up ! There 's not much we can do with this fire ... Now ! We 're bringing them all in ! I 've got the evidence ! Chief , we just recieved word from the docks ... Logan interrupted the trade with a bunch of molotov cocktails , and it 's turned into a mess ... The product is ... unfortunately ... Right now , someone called Omega Red who was on the boat when it arrived , is battling Logan . Do you want to take the call ? Logan ... Because you took the carbonadium synthesizer , my body has ... It 's because of you that my body is constantly under attack ! I was put through hell twice , because of you ! Sorry , but that thing fell into the depths of the ocean , bub . And if you ask me , it serves you right ! Well I 'm going to send you to the depths of hell ! Is this all the famous Wolverine has to show for himself ? Where do you get off judging me ? You 're one of Wolverine 's friends ? ! Anyone who gets in my way can join you in hell ! I don 't think so ! Get down ! Are you okay ? Look , if you go down now , that means I wasted my time saving you . I hate chatty broads . Well , I 'm not like Yashida Mariko . Damn right ! Which means I don 't care if you like me ! I 'm only gonna say this once ... I don 't want anyone doing me any favors . Stubborn Canucklehead ... That 's enough . You really can 't appreciate help , can you ? Never could . You 're healing more slowly ... That freak 's got a thing that can suck my power away . He uses those whips on his arms to do it . What now ? I guess you 're not immortal after all . That gonna be a problem ? I just ... Well , of course it would be ! If you 're knocked out of commission , then I 've wasted my time working with you ! Wasting your time , eh ? Worry too much about how you spend your time , and you 're gonna take all the fun outta living . And I 've got a bone to pick with people who take what little enjoyment you can get from life ... out of it . Yukio ! Here you go ! You sneaky piece of garbage ... He 's got to be working for Kurohagi . This is just his style . I guess I 'll have to remember to make the Kuzuryu reimburse me for my penthouse ... I 'll find us another safehouse . Don 't bother ! After pulling something like that , we take the fight to them ! We 're going after Shingen ! Logan ... Wolverine ! You 're not going anywhere ! He survived ? ! You 're one stubborn bastard ! I 'll kill you ! Logan , run ! Yukio ! Where do you think you 're going ? ! The sound of you being smashed into these walls is the only funeral dirge you 'll get ! What 's the matter , Wolverine ? Logan ... Enjoy your taste of infernal suffering ! Fighting like this isn 't gonna get either of us anywhere ! Shut up ! Shingen and Mariko are both gone . Were you the one that killed Asano Tesshin ? The results from Asano-san 's autopsy are in ? ! Asano-san and Logan were good friends ... Do you suppose that he — Next time on Wolverine : Asano .
