 JAKE : There are three million species of animals living in the tropical rain forests , and one of them , the red fire ant , lives underground , under constant threat of annihilation from flash floods . Nature doesn 't care . If a species wants to survive , it has to prove it deserves to . When the floods come , the fire ants hold on to each other , creating a living raft that can float until the water recedes . Months , if necessary . ( animal bleats ) So how does a species figure something like that out ? Instinct ? Trial and error ? Was there one fire ant who was being swept away by the rushing water ... and grabbed on to another ant , only to find that together they could float ? What if you were the one who knew what needed to be done but you had no words ? How do you make the others understand ? How do you call for help ? ( cellphone beeping ) ( sighs ) " Board Care . " Hello ? ( static crackling over line ) Hello ? Jake ? ( static continues ) Jake , is that you ? ( whispers ) : Damn it ! CLEA : Mr. Bohm ? - Is everything okay ? - He called me . - Who ? - Jake . I need to check on him . The kids are still asleep ; are you sure it was Jake ? Well , someone called me from this number , and when I answered they didn 't say anything- sounds a lot like Jake to me . - Look , there 's no denying there 's something amazing going on with your son ... He 's communicating with me- - you saw it - with your own eyes . - You 're right , I did- - but we have to keep our feet on the ground here . You can 't come running in at all hours , - saying Jake sent you a message . - I know it was him . Maybe so , but while he 's being evaluated by Social Services ... He doesn 't need to be evaluated anymore . I 'm his father ; he 's communicating with me . Through numbers . Do you know how that sounds - to anyone but you or me ? ( sighs ) - I don 't care . Look , the State has a lot of power . I 've seen them step in , and I don 't want that to happen with Jake . So we just need to be careful . Fine . May I please see my son now ? Of course . Thank you . Try not to wake him up . ( sighs ) He 's not here . Jake ! Jake ! Jake ? MARTIN ( in distance ) : Jake ? Jake ? Jake ... Are you all right ? Sweetheart , did you try and call me ? " 3287 . " MARTIN : 3287 . - Is that it ? - You can 't keep jumping every time you think you hear him calling ; it 'll drive you crazy . He 's trying to communicate with me , can 't you see that ? CLEA : I need to take him back to his room . Jake ... ( sotto voce ) : " 3287 . " 3287 . What the hell does that mean ? ARTHUR : 3287 . What does it mean ? Well , according to Jake 's caseworker , the number isn 't what 's significant , it 's the fact that I keep chasing them down . Yeah , you have no choice . ( exhales ) So that 's it ? From here on in , my life is just gonna be running down random numbers for Jake ? - No , they 're not random . - Well , if I ignored the numbers ? - Can I ignore the numbers ? - You can do whatever you want . But it seems pretty clear that bad things will happen , not to mention what it does to Jake . Jake 's pain . Those numbers point to a disorder in the universe . Jake feels the pain of people attached to those numbers . And until things get right , he suffers . So I can ignore the numbers , but my son will be in pain . That 's not a choice . Child Services is doing an assessment on Jake . They 're doing one on me , too . If I keep chasing down these numbers , they 're gonna take him away from me . Maybe I should go check it out . No , no , please . Thank you . They think I 'm crazy enough . I ... I 'd be ... I 'm sorry , I just mean that I think I should fly under the radar . You need to keep your eyes open . Your son has a higher purpose , and believe me , you won 't be the only one who notices it . " 3287 . " ( sighs ) How did it go , Grace ? I hope to get a job , Baruti . I think you will . I only wish I could say the same for your friend , Sauda . Grace . With or without Sauda , you must go to the city and start your life . ( gasps ) _ _ _ _ _ _ I 'll just grab the cards , and I 'll be right there , Jake . EMCEE ( on TV ) : We are only minutes away from the Worldwide Dance Battle ! People from all over the world will be competing , watching and voting online in real time ! Think you got what it takes ? Get online and get in the queue . And remember , it 's not just about the moves- - the audience chooses the winner . Hey , red dress . Oh , um , why 'd you call me that ? - You 're wearing a red dress . - It 's weird , huh ? - I 'm the only one in a dress . - Ticket ? Um , I should 've worn shorts . - Have a great time . - Can I ask you a question ? - Is it about the dress ? - No . Um , I 'm supposed to meet someone outside of a tent where they 're holding a dance competition . It 's down the hill , to the right , very last tent . ( exhales ) : Thank you . Hey . You look great . Hope it works out . So do I. ( sighs ) MARTIN : Watch out ! Call 911 . Call 911 ! You 've been hit by a car . Please just stay still . I 'm a nurse ; I can help . Hey . Hey ! You stay with her . ( lively chatter ) EMCEE : And now , live , what you 've all been waiting for . Ready to take on all challengers , defending his world title for the third time ... the Beastmaster ! ( wild cheering ) ( lively dance music playing ) ♪ Check it out ! Check it out ! ♪ ♪ Wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , yeah ♪ ♪ Wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , yeah ♪ ♪ Wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , yeah ♪ ♪ Wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , wiggle , do it , yeah ♪ ♪ Let 's do the wiggle , now ♪ ♪ A little wiggle , now ♪ ( cheering , shouting ) ♪ ♪ ♪ I work out ! ♪ ♪ ♪ ( cheering , shouting ) ♪ ♪ ♪ I 'm sexy and I know it . ♪ ( song ends ) ( wild cheering ) GRACE ( calls ) : Sauda ? _ _ _ _ _ ( groans ) _ _ _ _ _ ( laughs ) Ah ... Sauda ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Hey ! Come here . Give me that . You can see me . Of course I can see you . But I 'm invisible . How can ... Are you invisible , too ? I saw you take this from the woman who was hit by that car . No , no , she took it from me . Look , look , look , look . Look , see . Look , it 's mine , it 's mine . This book is just like my son 's book . Who are you ? I 'm the Invisible Prince . That 's my ledger , and I 'm late - for my rounds . - What ? My rounds , my rounds . It 's my job to keep them safe . They 're all connected through me in there . We have to go right now ; I can feel it . I only have 14 minutes . The thread is tight . You can come with me , but we have to leave right now . This number , 3287 , what does it mean ? It means the Dragon is loose . We have to stop it . The Dragon . Wait ! Wait . Wait , please . Please ! ( panting ) : My son , he has a book just like yours , full of numbers . He-he sees patterns in the numbers , messages . Is that what you see ? Yes . When did it start ? When you were a child ? My-my son is ten . Uh , thread ... the thread is pulled very tight . I can feel it . Wh-What ? I have to go . I have to go ! Jake , I need you to point to the animal that makes this sound : Moo . Jake , I need your attention . Can you look at me , please ? You really like that car , huh ? Can I see it ? See the car , Jake ? I 'm right behind the car . Can you look at me , please ? Can you look at my eyes , Jake ? Can you look at my eyes ? ♪ ♪ Why is this door so special ? Jake ? ( rhythmic drumming ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( car horn honking ) ( horn honking ) What are you doing ? Shh , shh , shh ! Where is she ? Where , where ... There ! ( whispering ) : 3287 . What did you just say ? Shh ! That was unacceptably close . It can 't happen again , do you hear me ? What happened ? It 's my job to get them where they need to be . If I 'm not there ... I 'm late . What was too close ? ( whispering ) : ... 287 , 3287 . What did I miss ? 3287 . 3287 . 3287 . 3287 . 3287 . The number that you keep ... Look at me . The number that you keep saying , 3287 , look . My son gave me this . 3287 . I think he sees what you see , and I think he wants me to help you somehow . He wants you to stop the pain . What ? Wait . Who lives here ? Wait , please , please . Tell me about the Dragon . I tried to kill it , but I failed . What ? How ? ( sighs ) I had a magic sword . The only sword powerful enough to slay the Dragon . I offered it to the King , but he thought it was a trick . He buried it deep within the Mountain of Clare , behind a wall of stones . Well , can 't you get it back ? You don 't know much about magic swords , do you ? I can 't even touch it . What are we doing here ? The final battle is tonight . The final battle ? Look , you 're gonna have to give me more information if you want me to help you . So far all we 've done today is pick flowers and watch people go about their business . MARTIN : Wait a second . That woman 's from ... You pressed the walk button so she could cross the street . Now she 's here , too . Now they 're together . Why ? What 's gonna happen ? ( exasperated sign ) The Dragon . ( speaking Japanese ) PHONE TRANSLATOR APP : Excuse me , are your chairs empty ? I 'm sorry ? ( speaking Japanese ) PHONE : Are you waiting for someone or are you alone ? BOTH : No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no ! I 'm sorry , it 's not your fault ; please sit . I 'm , um , I 'm just not gonna be the best company . ( speaking Japanese ) PHONE : Why are you sad ? He stood me up . I 've been stood up . I 'm sitting here , stood up . I 'm such an idiot . _ I 've never done anything like this before . I 've never traveled hundreds of miles for someone that I met online , but he seemed so perfect , and he was really ready to take a chance , you know ? I should have known . Strawberry martinis ! ( glasses clink ) EMCEE : The main stage show featuring the Morticians starts in 15 minutes . If you 're here for the Morticians , make your way to the main stage . - Morticians ! - Morticians ! I think I 'm gonna stay here for a little bit longer . Thank you . _ Yeah . Wait , your phone ! ( cheering on phone video ) Ladies and gentlemen , the song stylings of the next global phenom , Kayla Graham . Play it forward , pass it along . Start your fan clubs here . ( laughs ) You okay ? I 'm voting to settle . No . I 've lost my house , my savings . I 'm working two jobs . If they 'll give me 20 cents on the dollar , I 'll take it . We have to hang together . If one of us falls , we all lose . We can 't prove anything . Without proof , we 're just people that made a bad investment . Besides , no one 's heard from Roger King 's representatives in months . They could be cutting a deal behind our back right now . We can 't worry about Roger King . We have until 6 : 00 tonight . Let 's see what they have to offer us . Please . ( elevator bell dings ) Okay . ( phone ringing , indistinct chatter ) Are you one of the plaintiffs ? Uh ... no , but ... Are you representing one of the plaintiffs ? Yes . Uh , Roger King . Oh . Thank you . I thought no press was allowed . This is Martin Bohm . He 's a reporter . Excuse me . Rush . Rush Middleton . You remembered ? All this time , I thought you only knew me as " Get Me Some Coffee or You 're Fired . " ( chuckles ) Look , this is my story . I 've been following it for three years , and I 'm not going to let you scoop me at the finish line . I 've got exclusivity with all but one of the plaintiffs . As soon as they vote to settle , I run my story . So , I 'm guessing you didn 't get Roger King to talk ? ( laughs ) Right . Well , I can 't be expected to do the impossible . Just because you couldn 't do it , doesn 't make it impossible . You think you can get Roger King to talk ? It 's worth a shot . I 'd love to see you try . You need his address ? Phone number ? I 'll make you a deal . Get Roger King to talk , and I 'll share my byline with you at The Herald . You 'd like that , right ? Another shot at the big leagues ? Only this time , of course , you may be getting coffee for me . I 'll let you know what he says . " 3287 . " " Roger King . " The King ? Sheri , what can you tell me about the patient on B wing ? - What patient ? - In room six . Midway down the hall . Jake keeps going AWOL and ending up there . I 'm wondering who 's inside . No one . The room 's empty . Then why ... ? ( phone ringing ) Mom ? Yes . I 'm Clea Hopkins . Oh , my God . Oh , okay . I 'll-I 'll be right there . ( buzzer sounds ) MAN ( over intercom ) : Yes ? Hi . My name is Martin Bohm . I need to speak to Roger King , please . Roger King is dead . This is his son Charlie . What is this regarding ? The class-action suit against Morton-Starling . I don 't want anything to do with that . Mr. King ... look ... I 'm terribly sorry about anything that you might have gone through , but I need ... Truth is , I-I don 't even know what I need , but I know was meant to come here ... I 'm sorry , I can 't help you . Damn it . The Claremont . The Mountain of Clare . Stone walls . ( buzzer sounding ) CHARLIE : Look , if I have to call the police , I will ... Do you know anything about The Invisible Prince ? ( buzzer sounds , door clicks open ) The Invisible Prince was a character in a bedtime story that my father used to tell my brother Walt and me . The Invisible Prince did good deeds in secret . Otherwise , they wouldn 't count . Tell me about your brother . He was a genius with numbers . He was just a shy little kid , but he grew up to be an accountant with Morton-Starling , and eventually developed a financial product that made that company billions . I-I didn 't understand it . I 'm not a numbers guy . Do you have any records from this time ? Press clippings , anything ? I threw all that stuff out . You can get it all it online . Just search , " Morton-Starling , " " fraud . " Can we do that here ? Now ? I need the computer , Matt . Dad , no . I 'm about to play a guy in California . It 's a game , Matt . Let 's log out now . ( cheering ) EMCEE : Whoa ! Looks like the Dominator bailed . 4SOWETO moves up a spot . ( clink ) ( creaking ) _ ( typing ) _ _ _ _ _ EMCEE : The Beastmaster is unstoppable ! Only 4SOWETO left to go , and the Beastmaster will once again be the undisputed champion . 4SOWETO , you are up in two minutes . _ CHARLIE : Walt saw investors making money , so he convinced my father to invest his savings . He convinced other family members , neighbors . What happened ? The firm exploited a loophole in the contract which allowed them to bilk investors for millions . My father lost everything , except for this apartment , which I was able to buy . He went into a deep depression , stop talking , and one day , his heart stopped . That 's when my brother disappeared . I thought he might be dead until you showed up . Your brother 's very much alive , and I think he 's trying to make up for everything that happened . Look , if we 're gonna help him , we need to do it by 6 : 00 before the plaintiffs are forced - to settle . - It 's only an hour from now . Your brother Walter said that he gave the King a sword to slay the Dragon . Do you have any idea what that could mean ? It 's from the bedtime story . It 's the magic sword of truth . The truth . ( quietly ) : Sword of truth . Did Walter give anything to his father before he died ? My father refused to speak to my brother before he died . And all he left behind was a couple of boxes . Can I see those , please ? Well , the woman we admitted has been living under a bridge . Does your mother have a history of mental illness ? She 's schizophrenic . Oh . Is she on medication ? I really don 't know . Uh , I got a call on my cell phone a couple days ago , but before that , I hadn 't heard from her in six years . How badly is she hurt ? She sustained a head injury when she got hit by the car . - There is swelling on the brain ... - Was it near Queensboro Plaza ? Where she was hit- - was it near the train tracks at Queensboro Plaza ? Yes . How did you know that ? She used to take me there to wait for the train . When it passed , she would scream at the top of her lungs into the sound of the train . Scared the hell out of me . - I 'm sorry . - Not at all . This is your mother we 're talking about . Are you ready ? ( ventilator whooshing ) That 's not my mother . What ? But her cell phone ... Look , your number was the last one dialed . Maybe it was stolen . I 'm so sorry . ( sighs ) Ah , excuse me , sir . My name is Dr. Arthur Teller . I 'd like to speak to the director of the facility . Sure , Doctor . One second . Arthur ? Sheri Strepling ? - You 're the director here ? - For three years . Ah . How can I help you , Arthur ? Well , I was hoping for a tour . Yeah , I 'm consulting on a case , and I thought this might be a-a good place for my patient . You mind showing me around ? Sure . I 'll give you a quick tour . I didn 't know my father had one of those . It 's locked . I have no idea what the combination is . I think I might . ( beeping ) It 's never been opened . Open it . What is it ? The Magic Sword of Truth . I got 17 minutes to go 22 blocks . ( panting ) ( man shouts , woman screams ) ( thudding , glass breaking ) ( woman shouting indistinctly ) This is the rec room where we see most of our patients . And I 'm afraid this is where the tour must end . Why are you here , Arthur ? I told you , I have a patient . I don 't know why you would want another patient after everything that happened . I stand by my research , Sheri ... ( Jake humming sustained tone ) ( Jake continues humming sustained tone ) I 'm sorry . Excuse me . Jake ? ( humming continues ) Jake , are you okay ? ( pauses to inhale ) ( humming sustained tone loudly ) Jake , can you hear me ? ( continues humming loudly ) ( siren wailing in distance ) ( man shouting angrily , woman screams , clattering nearby ) ( angry shouting , loud slap ) ( glass shattering ) ( woman whimpering in distance ) ( clattering nearby ) ( loud slap , indistinct shouts ) ( rhythmic clacking ) ( man shouting angrily , clattering ) ( muffled shouts , rhythmic clacking continue ) _ _ ( humming sustained tone ) Jake , are you in pain ? ( sustained screaming ) ( rhythmic clacking continues ) ( beating pot in unison ) ( all pounding pots in unison ) ( pounding intensifies ) EMCEE : And here they come , all the way from South Africa , 4Soweto ! ( crowd cheering ) ( upbeat dance music playing ) ( cheering continues ) ♪ ♪ ( cheering continues ) ♪ Am I going insane ? ♪ ♪ Can 't feel my brain ♪ EMCEE : They 're loving 4Soweto ! ( rhythmic clacking ) ♪ Out of control ♪ ♪ God save my soul ♪ ( rhythmic clacking continues ) ♪ ♪ ( sustained screaming ) ♪ ♪ ( screaming ) ♪ ♪ ( crowd cheering wildly ) ♪ ♪ CROWD ( chanting ) : Soweto ! Soweto ! Soweto ! Soweto ! ( chanting continues ) EMCEE : The Beastmaster 's gonna get beat ! ♪ No , let 's make it last ♪ ( chanting and wild cheering ) ( screaming continues ) - Yeah ! - Yeah ! ♪ ♪ ( screaming and music stop ) Whatever you wrote , delete it . You 're starting over . You shouldn 't be in here , Martin . - Security 'll throw you out . - Rush , shut up , please . Just read . That 's the smoking gun . Morton-Starling intentionally cheated their investors . Walter King wrote those memos . He created the financial scheme that allowed Morton-Starling - to cheat their investors . - " ... anomaly in tax code - leaves open the possibility of fraud " ? - He 's trying to show them the flaws in his design . He 's telling them not to use it . But instead the company exploited a loophole and made millions . - Why would you give this to me ? - Same reason I chose you to get my coffee . I always thought you were gonna be a great reporter . I 'll see what I can do about the byline . No , no , this is yours- - it 'll be our little secret , otherwise it doesn 't count . This is Rush Middleton . I need to speak to the attorney representing the plaintiffs against Morton-Starling . ( laughing ) ( continues laughing ) What 's , uh ... what 's so funny ? Um ... a girl doing cartwheels in front of her dog . It 's the look on the dog 's face . Come check it out . ( laughs ) ( sighs , laughs ) Yeah , that 's ... that 's pretty funny . You 're not laughing . Well , nothing 's gonna make me laugh today . That 's how I felt until I started looking through this thing . There are videos on here from all around the world . - Wait , this is not your phone ? - No . But I think that 's the point . You 're supposed to upload a video , like a message to the world , and then pass it on . You can say something . Oh , no . I just ... I just had the worst day of my life . For what it 's worth , I thought you were amazing . I lost to a ten-year-old . He was really cute . ( chuckles quietly ) ( laughs ) Did the Dragon win ? The Dragon is dead . It 's already online . The plaintiffs refused to settle . They 're gonna take these guys to court to make sure they can 't cheat anyone else . We did it . We found the sword , slew the Dragon and saved the people . ( exhales ) Kneel , please . Kneel ? Please ? ( clears throat ) In honor of your service and the completion of your quest , you will now be known as the Invisible Knight . Thank you . That means a lot to me . And to your son ... the pain is gone . You know , now that things have been put right , you don 't have to be invisible anymore . I have to go . I don 't want to be late for my rounds . Wait , please . In case you change your mind , there 's a family behind the stone walls at the Mountain of Clare . They would love to see you again . And they wanted me to tell you that you are welcome anytime . ♪ ♪ JAKE : Human beings are not the strongest species on the planet . ♪ ♪ We 're not the fastest , or maybe even the smartest . The one advantage we have is our ability to cooperate to help each other out . Today , Main Street reigned over Wall Street after victory came to the plaintiffs in the Morton-Starling fraud suit . The financial giant was unable to settle after new evidence arose ... We recognize ourselves in each other , and are programmed for compassion , for heroism , for love . And those things make us stronger , faster ... and smarter . It 's why we 've survived . It 's why we even want to . There you go . ( light knocking ) Come in . CLEA : Sorry to interrupt , but I thought Jake might want this back . Found it in the middle of the hallway . You give it to him . What I said this morning about not jumping every time Jake calls ... I know ... those patterns aren 't so easy to break . You love him and you want him to be okay . Yeah . I 'm learning , too . I 'll try to be a little more understanding going forward . Thank you . ( laughs softly ) Once upon a time there was an invisible knight , who served the Silent King , and together they helped people that didn 't even know they were there .
