 Warehouse 13 : Of Monsters And Men Chapter 1 Translation : Cemjey , Quasark , Zefram Cochrane Are you sure about the size of gold , silver and bronze ? It ' that are safe , super safe , very safe . Do not be cocky , I 'm pretty sure you might end up doing the inventory . Come on , come on . What are you doing ? It ' s not the time to lie down to sunbathe . Ten hours doing research in moldy basement of a forty year old virgin disturbing , Artie . I need fresh air immediately . So what are you still in the car ? Why ' brings the energy of the exterior ... - Inside . - In English , I speak claudiese . Ventilation system solar energy . To be honest , and ' right forefront . Before the roof absorbs the sun 's energy which then activates the fans that suck the wonderful fresh O2 from outside - Which then circulates ... - Let me ... just see . Observed . - Mother Nature . - Strength . And that 's fine . But do not complain when I will start ' to wither . What would be the time best of the day . Wow , that 's what I mean by " Have a great back . " - Here and around ' like the Warehouse , it seems ... - Ok , if you 've finished - To party at the rental car ... - I 'm just admiring it . The El Camino was again from mechanic and was pulling the bucket . You know what would be a substitute elegant and eco-friendly ? - This would be perfect Pryus . - The terrorist ' into account . Meanwhile , would you mind helping to pull this stuff out ? You know , for someone who considers the comics work of the devil Dr. Wertham had quite a collection . Gia ' , Fredric Wertham , and ' was the product of the myopia of McCarthy . In his book of 1954 " The seduction of the innocent ' condemn the corruptive influence of comic books minds of children . These comics are those who have more ' ... inspired his pressure for censorship . - You are literally rot your brain ? - Oh , very much worse . Creepy ! Oh , perfect ! Pete ! Pete helps you to ... bring it all inside , 'cause I have to ... see you later . Good luck . Hey ! Comics ? Cool ! Leena ! Claudia told me that I would ... A carton box cardboard reinforced and 193 bags 27x36 antistatic polyethylene neutralizing type . I met your atrocious and demanding instructions . I only needed 192 ... That ' for my sandwich . City of Ghouls ? And ' Is that your idea of ? fun ? Do not judge a book by its cover If you do not want to be judged . That sucks , all those scales and those teeth ! What ? What a sensitive stomach , shalt not be afraid of monsters , right ? Oh-My-God , you scared the hell ! Do not scare me ... say that ... disgust me , I am not persuaded , I have some doubt here . You know that monsters do not exist , right ? I also know that there are no ladies Vikings that trigger spontaneous combustion in until people ' I do not have a stored here . 'Cause we 're putting so ' much ? What are you doing ? Beware !
