 They 're on their way to you now . We 'll be waiting for them . Put your hands up . ( Male announcer ) Previously on Fringe ... ( Peter ) His name is David Robert Jones . He was looking for a mineral named Amphilicite . Enough to blow a hole in the universe . That tracker we had on Jones , how did he pinpoint the wavelength we were on that quickly ? ( Olivia ) Colonel Broyles , we lost him . Roger that . You think someone from our team told him ? You have a better idea ? [ Gun fires ] Officer down ! Who knew ? We 've got to find out . Hey , Linc--Linc . I 've been blown up before . This is nothing . What 's going on ? Captain Lee , he didn 't make it . I don 't like funerals . I never know what I 'm supposed to say . There 's nothing you can say . This isn 't right . Our children aren 't supposed to die before we do . We are going to do everything that we can to find who 's responsible and bring them to justice . I give you my word . Thank you . I 'm rather unclear . In exchange for this reduced sentence , what do you expect from me ? I believe that David Robert Jones has a mole in the Department of Defense . Among other things , someone tipped him off about the location of a prisoner transport , which allowed his men to ambush my team and kill my partner . So you 're going to tell me who tipped off Jones . This is your last chance . One-time only offer signed by the Secretary of Defense . You 're making a mistake . I will find him . And soon Jones and everyone who worked for him will find themselves rotting in a cell just like you . Well , you needn 't worry about me , Agent Dunham . You see , I 'm not gonna be here very long . It 's your world you ought to be concerned about . Because as bad as you think things are now , things are going to get much worse . ( Brian ) Can anyone here tell me what we are in the business of doing ? We are in the business of making money . Do you agree , Mr. Delman ? Yes , Mr. Bauer . Can you explain to me why Hamilton and I had to cancel our flight to Baltimore this morning ? Um , well , uh , because- - Because you and your associates failed to finish the presentation . Yes , Mr. Bauer . So you 're telling me that this company has to forfeit on one of its largest accounts because you didn 't do your job ? Is that right ? Yes , sir . Well , then it should come as no surprise to anyone in this room , especially you , Mr. Delman , you are- - What the hell is happening ? What am I doing- - I can 't move ! Somebody get me down ! ♪ Fringe 4x18 ♪ The Consultant Original Air Date on April 13 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ It 's a miracle we made it in one piece . You drive like a daredevil . For the 11th time , Walter , I drive the speed limit . Most automobile fatalities occur driving between work and home . Yeah , so does most driving . Ascot , look . It 's my son and his girlfriend . I called your house last night , Peter . You didn 't answer . That 's ' cause I was out . With Agent Dunham , I presume , making up for lost time . Uh , you wanna let us know what we 're in for ? Yeah , about an hour ago two men were killed in this building simultaneously . Witnesses say that they were both lifted several feet in the air and then driven back down to the ground by some unseen force . They died on impact . Bones in the lower half of his body are completely shattered . - Feel this . - Oh , please , can I ? He 's dead , Peter . You can 't hurt him . Not really what I was concerned about . I 'm seeing similar injuries over here . How come out of this entire building , it only happened to these two ? The wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all unrighteous men . Romans 1 : 18 . That 's the theory ? The hand of God reached down from the skies and punished these people for their sins ? One could argue that God kills us all . Although typically not in such a direct manner . Spinal column 's crushed . Hip bone pushed up through his torso . All injuries consistent with impact . Yeah , sure , but from that height the fall couldn 't possible have produced a velocity to do that . No , you 're right . His injuries would require much more velocity . So tell me exactly what happened . He was , um , yelling , and I thought for sure he was gonna fire me . He 's yelled at us before , but not like this . I 've never seen him so angry . And then all of a sudden , he was pulled up out of his chair by , like , this invisible hand or something . [ Phone vibrates ] Excuse me . What you got ? It 's a laceration of some sort . Could you check the other victim 's abdomen for abrasions , dear ? Yeah , I got one here too . It 's just above the waist . What do you think could have caused that ? I 'm not sure yet . A seatbelt . Look at the way the laceration extends across the waist . If these people weren 't in an office building , you 'd swear they were in a car crash together . ( Olivia ) We have a third victim . Broyles just called , and apparently they found a man who died in his apartment in Brooklyn . His injuries and time of death are consistent with the men here , and he was a pilot . Yes , yes . Yes . The crushed spinal column , the broken femurs . These men 's wounds are consistent with a plane crash . That 's brilliant , dear . Walter , how could these people have been in a plane crash if neither of them was in a plane ? Right . There is that . I might have an idea . ( Alt Astrid ) Sir , the other side was correct . There was a plane crash . When did it happen ? Approximately 90 minutes ago just after takeoff from an airfield in Teaneck . Casualties ? Two men and the pilot . Just the person I wanted to see . Coordinate with NTSB to take possession of the wreckage and the bodies . Yes , sir . I 've narrowed it down to 108 names . 108 names ? Everyone who had operational clearance and would have known about the prisoner transport . I want to initiate background checks and electronic surveillance . You 're talking about investigating our own people , many of whom work for D.O.D. and outrank both of us . Sir , Jones has been a step ahead of us the whole way . He knew we were coming , and he moved his entire shapeshifter operation . When we were tracking him , he knew what frequency we were on . Someone inside tipped of Nina Sharp and got Lincoln killed . I understand . But this level of surveillance comes with a lot of red tape . I 'll cut through it . In the meantime , I need you on something else . A charter plane crashed in New Jersey this morning , killing everyone on board . Apparently it also killed their counterparts on the other side . How 's that possible ? I don 't know . But I want you to report to the bridge and pick up members from the other Fringe Division . We 'll be investigating this together . Yes , sir . Agent Dunham , are you ready ? Uh , almost . [ Toilet flushes ] Always like to empty my bladder before a long trip . Walter , you do realize that we 're just walking through a door . It 's better safe than sorry . We 're ready , Sergeant . Dr. Walter Bishop ? Yes , that 's me . Walter Bishop , consultant . Place your hand on the screen , please . Do you have a pacemaker ? No . Have you ever been diagnosed with smallpox ? No . - Tuberculosis ? - No . - Malaria ? - No . Are you on any medications ? Several . Mostly recreational . It 's okay . Per treaty code 5891J , once you cross over , you will be subject to the same laws and regulations as any naturalized citizen of the other side . Do you understand ? I do . ( Computerized voice ) Initiating scan . Scan complete . Walter , are you sure that you don 't want me to go with you ? I 'm sure , dear . Once Peter receives the bodies at the lab , he 'll need your help to examine them . And when I 've collected samples from the bodies on the other side , I 'll return and we can compare the two . Besides , I 'm sure you love birds could use a little time together . Walter . And thank you for trusting me . This is a really big step for me . [ Door opens ] Ah , my escort is here . And by escort , I don 't mean prostitute . Good to see you . You too . Shall we ? How is she doing ? As well as can be expected considering she just lost her partner . She wants to find the people responsible . Yeah , I hope she does . She 's lucky to have your help , Lincoln . Take care of Walter . I will . Agent Dunham . Sergeant . These two are with me . What is this ? It 's a list of hot spots where the damage was the worst . I see . It 's getting better , though . The bridge is helping to heal our world . You 're all set . Thank you . Oh , Agent Dunham , sorry to hear out Agent Lee . He was a good man . Thank you . I wanted to bring a casserole . Casserole ? Well , in times of grief , people need to eat . But apparently it 's forbidden to transport perishables between the universes . Dr. Bishop , do you have a theory as to how a plane crash in one universe can kill people in the other ? No , not yet . In all our years of researching the relationship between the universes , Belly and I were successfully able to transport matter from one side to the other . Even to merge tiny portions of both universes , but it never occurred to us that an event that happened in one universe would cause a reaction on the other . But do you think that someone could have caused this ? On purpose ? Anything 's possible , even Santa Claus . Why ? You don 't think Jones had something to do with this , do you ? It 's just Nina Sharp said that things were about to get a lot worse , and then about an hour later , this happened . It 's possible . But if Jones caused this , he 's conceived of something Belly and I never did . What are you looking for ? Not looking . Listening . [ High-pitched hum ] You hear that ? It 's a perfect " G " . [ Humming stops ] A hand . I removed it from one of the victims on our side . You couldn 't bring over a casserole , but a severed hand is okay ? Shh . [ High-pitched hum ] That 's a " G " . That 's incorrect . It should be a " C " . You see , each universe vibrates at its own specific frequencies . Everything from this universe would vibrate at a " G " , and everything from our universe at " C " . Somehow the victims on our side were made to vibrate at the frequency of this universe . So you 're saying that the doppelgangers were somehow linked across universes ? - Yes , it would seem so . - How ? How were the bodies retuned ? That 's a good question . Well , do you think maybe that 's what killed them ? That 's another good question , but I don 't think so . I suggest it was the plane crash that killed them , not the retuning , as you call it . But it stands to reason that somehow the events were linked . Have you recovered the black box yet ? What 's a black box ? From the plane . The cockpit recorder . We don 't have that . But satellites record all communication in flight . ( ATC operator ) Two-eight-niner , departure radar has you at 8,000 feet . Maintain at heading 2-2-0 . ( Pilot ) Idlewild control , we appear to be running into some turbulence . Request permission to climb another- - ( passenger ) What the hell was that ? Say again , two-eight-niner ? ATC , aircraft is coming apart . Systems failing ! Vertical control is- - Mayday ! Mayday ! Mayday ! The wing ! [ Static whining ] Would you like for me to play that again ? No . That won 't be necessary . If my hypothesis is correct , whatever merged the frequencies of the two universes destabilized the aircraft . Whoever 's responsible must have attached some sort of device to the craft . Okay , well , what if you 're right ? I mean , why ? Doesn 't feel like an assassination . So what , is it a threat ? What are they trying to prove ? I haven 't the slightest . Sorry that I 'm late . No matter . Gave me time to enjoy my tea . I must say , Matcha is one of the few things I 'm going to miss . How did our experiment with the plane go ? Better than we expected . Do you have a preference for this next one ? Surprise me . ( Diane ) Hey , you . Hey . How was the service ? It was difficult . I 'm so sorry . It 's fine . - How 's Chris ? - He 's good . Can 't stop talking about some girl in his class . If only I could get him to pay half as much attention to his homework as he does to those girls . Where is he ? He 's in the living room . We 've been entertaining your friend . What friend ? Oh , hey , Dad . Hello , Phillip . I 'm just catching up with Christopher here . He really is a remarkable young man . It 's a pleasure to finally meet him . We have protocols for making contact . Showing up in my home isn 't one of them . I see where my showing up unannounced would be worrying . But I wanted to bring this to you personally . I understand it 's a tad overdue . Christopher 's responding extraordinarily well to treatment . It 's hard to imagine that a few months ago he was in constant pain , his eyesight was gone , that he was- - Dying . Every parent 's nightmare . ( Diane ) Christopher , come help me in the kitchen ! I certainly don 't envy what you 've been through . I noticed the way your wife looks at him . It 's as if she 's witnessing a miracle . But there aren 't miracles . That 's what you 're here to remind me , am I right ? I 'm sure you were dismayed after the unfortunate incident with Agent Lee . I buried an agent today . A good man . And I 'm also well aware that Agent Lee isn 't the first casualty of our collaboration . Some day I 'll have to account for what I 've done , but ... But you can 't lose your boy . Love makes us vulnerable . But it also makes us human , I suppose . Is there anything else ? No . Not yet . But I will be calling on you very shortly . Right here 's fine . I 'm going to Liberty Heights . [ Beeping , humming ] What 's that ? Did you find everything you were looking for ? Mm-hmm . That 'll be $ 18.47 . [ Violent rattling ] Astrid , we 're here . According to the cops , the cab went over the bridge at exactly 6 : 37 , the same time the victim died on the other side . Hello . My team 's online . We 're just standing by . I 'm ready whenever they are . It 's nice to see you again . Yes . Um ... I brought you something . [ Gasps ] Oh , no , no , it 's okay . I got permission . You like it ? I never thought that I was going to taste this again . Oh , here they are . Hello . ( Bolivia ) Can you tell Agent Dunham that our victim 's name is Nancy Guerring . According to her Show Me , she 's from Malden , Massachusetts . Hey , there you are . Domesticated badgers , really ? As pets ? Come on , Walter . We need you . ( Astrid ) Olivia , their victim 's name is Nancy Guerring . Same here . Nancy Elizabeth Guerring . Ask if her left arm is broken . ( Astrid ) Is her left arm broken ? Yep . Hey , Astrid , can you ask Walter what it is I 'm looking for ? What this device might look like ? Doctor Bishop says that a device this powerful is probably rather large . Uh , Peter , Walter says the device could be rather large . Or it might be small . ( Astrid ) Actually , I don 't think he has any idea what it looks like . I got something . Hold on . We found something . What is it ? Amphilicite . Jones . Have we found a similar device at the crash site ? No , but considering the wreckage , it could have been destroyed . Dr. Bishop , do you have any idea what Jones is trying to do ? He 's done it twice , originating once in each universe . So why ? He must have a reason . Of course he has a reason . Problem is I don 't know what it is . I 'm sorry . It 's been a long day . Maybe after a good night 's sleep . I think you 're right . Although the pillow I was given last night left me with a terrible crick . Apparently this universe hasn 't discovered memory foam . You know , Walter , you can stay at my place tonight if you like . I got a spare room . I appreciate that . Thank you . And I shall refrain from sleeping naked . Well , that is good to know . Okay , I 'm gonna get my bag . Colonel Broyles . I wanted to apologize . For what ? For snapping at you . It 's not you I 'm angry with . None of what Jones is doing would be possible without the right conditions . I created those conditions by crossing over all those years ago . Had I not done that , we wouldn 't be in this situation now . Dr. Bishop . May I ask you something ? Of course . If you had to do it all over again , would you make the same choice ? If you 'd asked me that question a few months ago , the answer would have been no . But now that I have met my adult son , got to know him , I don 't know that I 'd do anything differently . [ Clears throat ] Agent Dunham , I ran the names , all their cell records , electronic communication- - I 'm sorry , what ? The list of 108 names that you gave to Colonel Broyles . He got clearance and asked me to look into them . Did you find anything ? I ran the data twice . There is nothing to implicate any of them . Nothing at all out of the ordinary . Do you want me to run the information for a third time ? No , it 's okay . Thank you , though . You wanna tell me what this is ? No . All you need to know is what you 're to do with it . Take it to Liberty Island , to what I believe you call the bridge , and affix it to the control panel on the machine . You do realize that machine is healing our worlds ? I do . Need I remind you who I am healing ? No hurry . Anytime before sundown tomorrow should be fine . So your mother tells me you have some good news . I told her not to say anything . She didn 't . That 's all she said . I 'm waiting to hear it from you , so spill it . Okay . So today at recess a bunch of the guys were playing hitball . And when they started picking the teams , I got picked first . That 's great . No , Dad , you don 't understand . I got picked first , me . So who won the game ? We did . Now that 's good news . It gets better . Really ? Yeah , so Stacy , this girl in my class , told Danny that she likes me . Can you believe that ? Dad , no one 's ever liked me . I 'm glad you had a good day . Good night , Chris . Good night , Dad . Can 't you sleep ? Is the bed too hard ? No , I was sleeping like a baby . Sadly my bladder was not . You 're a lot like her , you know ? The other Olivia . She has trouble sleeping too when there 's an open case . It 's not the case . It 's the evidence from Lincoln 's murder . I see . Are you looking for something in particular ? A mole . The night that he died , we were transporting a prisoner , and someone must have let Jones 's men know the location of our convoy . And then he sent his people into ambush us . I 'm sorry , I don 't usually drink , and my ex , Frank , he left this here when he moved out . Are these the rest of Frank 's belongings ? No . That 's everything that Lincoln had left in Fringe Division . And I 'm supposed to give it to his parents , and I just can 't face them , not until I got something more to tell them . And I thought this would give me some courage , but all it 's done is just make me feel a little bit sick . I have just the thing for that . Some people swear by hair of the dog , but I prefer nature 's sponge , the egg . It won 't be long . I 'm missing something . I know I am , Walter . Then I suggest you sleep on it . Our brains are remarkable instruments . They can process evidence even when we 're not conscious . Yeah , but that 's the thing , there is no evidence . I mean , there is absolutely nothing linking any of the likely suspects to the crime . Then perhaps it 's time to give some thought to the dog that did not bark . I don 't understand . Sherlock Holmes . Fictitious Detective . Penchant for cocaine ? No , not on this side . The point is no evidence is evidence in and of itself . Okay . So what if our mole is covering his tracks ? Then it would have to be someone pretty high up on the food chain . I mean , someone with enough clearance to alter classified details . How ' bout Colonel Broyles ? [ Snorts ] No . Broyles ? No way . You know him better than I do . But in the case of a mole , no one should be above suspicion . Frankly , I 'm still upset about Nixon . [ Door buzzes ] I don 't suppose you brought me my breakfast . [ Beep ] Is there a reason for the additional privacy ? I just wanted to tell you in person that we found our mole . We have Colonel Broyles in custody . He told us everything , so he won 't be able to set you free anymore . You really have no idea . Phillip is irrelevant . He 's just another pawn . This changes nothing , Agent Dunham . I know Jones , and he will come for me . Perhaps . Unless you 're just another pawn . [ Door buzzes ] She just confirmed it 's Broyles . For all we know , Nina Sharp is lying . Why would she lie to me ? What does she have to gain ? Maybe she knew you were bluffing . Agents , I 've been asking around . No one has seen Colonel Broyles come in today . I checked , and his subcutaneous tracker was disabled two hours ago . Should we be worried ? Good morning , sir . Your Show Me , please . Thank you . How you doing today ? Fine , thanks . Sir ... You are good to go . [ Beeping ] Okay , well , thank you , Diane . I 'm really sorry to have bothered you at home . Bye . Colonel Broyles 's Show Me was just swiped at Liberty Island . - What 's he doing there ? - The bridge is there . The Secretary of Defense . He could be doing any number of things . Come on . [ Door beeps ] Agent Dunham . Did Colonel Broyles come through here ? Yeah , about ten minutes ago . Hey , you haven 't been cleared ! Come on . [ Beep ] I got your message . Colonel Broyles just turned himself in . He told us everything . I 'm sorry . Well , dear , I guess this is it . Thank you for everything . Don 't judge him . No one can be certain exactly what they 're capable of , how far they 'll go to save the ones they love . I know this more than most . Keep an eye on this universe , will you ? I 've grown quite fond of it . See , I 'm surprised that you 're not going back with him . I told you I 'd help find the people who killed your partner . And mine . And until we do that , I 'm not going anywhere . Look , it might not feel like it now , but it does get better . Walter , what 's up ? We got here as quick as we could . I know why he did it twice . Jones , I think I know what he 's doing . - Okay . - It was a test . The damage we saw was irrelevant . He was just taking readings . Well , what kind of readings ? He wanted to find a common denominator , a frequency that could link both universes . Right , so that whatever he did over there , the same thing would happen over here . We already know that , Walter . No . That was just a start . Had Colonel Broyles uploaded this device into the machine , it would make it possible for Jones to do something much worse . Like what ? He could collapse both universes . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
