 WOMAN : The Dow Jones stock average dipped under 4000 points today . MAN 1 : You see it in the market 's volatility . Violent wealth loss . If it 's bad for the rich people , can you imagine how bad it is for me and you ? knight : Good evening , America , I 'm Jay Knight . Our nation is slipping deeper and deeper into a crisis never seen before . Oil and gas shortages have crippled manufacturing and transportation costs ... . MAN 1 : While conflicts in the Mideast have virtually cut off all oil imports to the United States . [ TRAIN HORN HONKlNG ] MAN 2 : Well , what are you saying ? Are you saying that the American people aren 't taking care of their own country ? MAN 3 : Global States Oil Corporation suffered yet another major spill off the Gulf Coast . MAN 4 : We 're seeing an unprecedented ... . MAN 3 : As a result , rail travel has reemerged as the only affordable means of freight and passenger transportation . MAN 5 : Mr. Speaker , we would like to propose a bill to make it illegal to fire employees from profitable corporations . knight : Our government has put a moratorium on all wage increases and recently passed the Fair Price Bill restricting increases in the price of most goods and services . This is your wake-up call , America . MAN 6 : Another government relief ship was hijacked by pirate Ragnar Danneskjold . WOMAN 2 : Violence and crime are skyrocketing throughout the nation . Shifting to manual . [ screaming ] knight : Good evening , and welcome to The Jay Knight Hour . My guests tonight are James Taggart , CEO of Taggart Transcontinental Railroad Wesley Mouch , a noted Washington lobbyist from the Philadelphia law firm Young , Stephens and Sachs and Ellis Wyatt , the oil and gas entrepreneur who is responsible for the current economic boom in Colorado . My first question is to Mr. Taggart . Sir , your company is one of the few managing to survive in our current economic downturn . Yet , there have been dozens of derailments on your lines in the last year alone . How do you explain that ? TAGGART : With any growth there can be growing pains . People shouldn 't have to worry about how they 're gonna get where they need to go . We must act to benefit society as a whole . WYATT : People aren 't gonna be going anywhere without oil . That means the railroads like Mr. Taggart 's need to be fixing their railways here ... . JOY : Can I get you something ? MAN : A cup of coffee . knight : He makes a very good point , Mr. Taggart . Do you have any money ? I got plenty of money . Taggart Transcontinental is committed to sharing the burden ... . JOY : Hey , what happened to you ? Who 's John Galt ? WYATT : We don 't need more rail lines . We just need the ones we have to be reliable . Let me ask you , what can the government do to help turn things around ? Well , prices are too high . We have a nation in crisis . Every business must lend a helping hand , Mr. Wyatt . Gasoline prices are 37.50 a gallon . The Mideast has imploded , creating a worldwide oil shortage . WYATT : We have plenty of oil right here in the U.S. Hello , Joy . WYATT : But because of political shenanigans and back room deals ... . One slice of cherry pie . As usual . midas : Punctual , as always . Thank you , dear . And Taggart Transcontinental is providing Wyatt Oil excellent rail transportation in order to get his oil to the people . WYATT : Your Rio Norte Line is so incompetent that I 've had to switch to the Phoenix / Durango . After years of excellent service from us . WYATT : From your father . Since you 've taken the reins , that company 's gone downhill . Oil prices have caused consumers to be less reliant on trucks- - Stay dry now . JOY : See you tomorrow , Mr. Mulligan . MOUCH : They 've gone to the railroads for the benefits that they provide . WYATT : People can 't count on companies like Taggart Transcontinental to deliver . MAN : Midas Mulligan ? Who 's asking ? Someone who knows what it 's like to work for himself and not let others feed off the profits of his energy . That 's funny . Exactly what I 've been thinking . We 're alike , you and I. Who are you ? [ ringing ] Eddie . What ? No . Uh- - Hold on . Hold on . MAN 1 [ ON TV ] : The Dow Jones stock average dipped under 4000 points today . This is the deepest one-day drop ... . No , not yet. I 'm trying another channel . GRECO [ ON TV ] : Simply one ofthe worst railroad accidents in recent history . A Taggart Transcontinental freight train has crashed and derailed in Colorado 's Rocky Mountain region . Early reports put much of the blame on the poor condition of the 100-year-old railroad line . This rail disaster could delay eastbound oil shipments by at least two weeks . The accident is yet another downturn for Taggart Transcontinental the largest railroad remaining in the U.S. I 'm on my way in . TAGGART : I already know about the derailment on the Rio Norte Line , Eddie . Cancellations . People are giving up trying to use the line . Their business is going to the Phoenix / Durango . I have new steel rails coming from- - That order is 13 months old . The Phoenix / Durango has cut deeply into our business . They expect to have Wyatt as their main account . He needs us just as much as we need him . Ellis Wyatt has put Taggart Transcontinental on notice . He 'd rather backlog with any competitor than ship anything- - Wyatt 's a greedy bastard . We 've been serving the Colorado Region since my great-great grandfather ran this company . What happened to loyalty ? Perhaps the problem is we haven 't updated that branch since your father ran the company . Are you accusing me of not doing my job ? Careful , Eddie , it 's one thing I learned from my father everyone 's expendable . Let me be very clear , James . Colorado is our last hope . If we don 't do something about it , there 's not gonna be a railroad . I 'm still the president , regardless of my sister- - DAGNY : Morning . Eddie , can you give us a minute ? I need to have a conversation with my brother . A meeting without your right-hand man ? Must be real important . I 've ordered the replacement rails from Rearden Steel . I have a contract with Orren Boyle . You had a contract with Orren Boyle . Canceled . You 've no authority . As much authority as you had to do a backdoor deal with Orren Boyle . There are consequences to this accident , Jim . We have to service Ellis Wyatt . He is this company 's main priority . You just love to keep feeding the monopolies . You keep pissing off the heart of this operation Wyatt is gonna stop providing the blood we need to keep this company alive . You understand that ? Why Rearden Steel ? There are companies that need the money . It 's his new metal . That metal 's completely untested . The consensus of the best metallurgical authorities are highly skeptical . I 'm not interested in their opinions . Then who 's do you go by ? My own . And what on earth do you know about Rearden Metal ? It is tougher , cheaper , lighter than steel and will outlast any metal in existence . Says who ? I studied engineering in college , Jim . When I see things , I see them . What 'd you see ? Rearden 's plans , research he 's done . This is the greatest metal on the market . Dagny , nobody 's used Rearden Metal . We will . Why do we have to be the first ? Do you wanna save Colorado or not ? I 'm not taking responsibility for any of this . You don 't have to take responsibility , Jim . I will . Just know that this is the consequence of your policies . Which policies ? Your 13-month experiment with Orren Boyle , for one . The Mexican catastrophe , for another . The bottom line is that we are going to fix the Rio Norte Line with Rearden Metal . I 'm going to Philadelphia tonight to finalize the deal with Hank Rearden . You 're lucky . What ? Other people are human . They 're sensitive . They can 't just dedicate their whole lives to metals and engines . You 've never had any feelings . I don 't think you 've ever felt a thing . No , Jim . I guess I 've never felt anything at all . MAN [ ON PA ] : All passengers for Train 1210 . Taggart Transcontinental ... . Thanks . [ MAN speaking INDlSTlNCTLY ON PA ] GWEN : It 's here . And it 's very nice . Gwen , it 's beautiful . You have more messages , Mr. Rearden . National Council of Metal Industries . File it . The State Science Institute . File it . United Metal Workers Guild . [ CHUCKLES ] Your last appointment of the day is here . Miss Taggart ? He 'll see you now . Mr. Rearden ? Miss Taggart . If you 're here for your rails they won 't be tempered and cooled for a few days . I 'm just here to discuss our deal . Please , sit . So , what 's the premium to rush these rails ? Forty thousand dollars a ton . That 's the best price you can give me ? I could charge you double and you 'd pay . You could . And I would . But you won 't . Why won 't I ? You need to have the Rio Norte rerailed with your new metal . It will be its first showcase . And I 'm gambling your new metal can do what you say it can . I 'm staking my business on it . I know what you mean . Like I said , we need each other . So if you can have the Rio Norte completely rerailed in nine months I will give you $ 20,000 a ton . Deal . I 'm curious . Is it all right with you that I 'm squeezing every penny of profit I can from your emergency ? I have to get the Rio Norte completely rerailed in nine months or Taggart Transcontinental will crash . Doing their best to make it harder for you . Yes , but it 's useless to get angry with people like my brother and his friends in Washington . I don 't have time for it . I have to undo what they 've done . And after ? After , they won 't matter anyway . I was just heading out myself . Can I walk you to your car ? DAGNY : Do you need a ride ? No , thank you . I walk home most nights . It gives me a chance to think . Well , I hope that doesn 't catch on . It would put me out of business . If your new metal works , have you thought of the implications ? Yeah . Their uses are almost endless . Naval ships , armor plating , even spacecraft . Can you imagine a commercial jet twice the size with half the weight ? Commercial airlines . You really do wanna put me out of business , huh ? phillip : Remember , there was 20 people- - LlLLlAN : I love this . I can 't believe I did this . And then- - Well , look who 's finally home . Henry , Paul 's been waiting here for hours . Hello , Henry . HENRY : Hey , Paul . I know . I 'm late . Could have called . Henry , do you mind holding the 10th of December open for me ? That 's three months away . I don 't know what I 'm doing next week . We started a major new pour today . Oh , cheers . It 's our wedding anniversary , Henry . December 10th ? Henry isn 't interested in anything that doesn 't tie in to his work . I know that you are very busy but I would very much like for you to be there . Of course , Lillian . I 'll be there . Thank you , dear . I want it to be special . Everyone will be there . REARDEN : Have you had any dinner , Henry ? No , I was busy working , but I 'm not hungry anyway . That 's the trouble with you . You work too hard . Mm . Ooh . What is this ? I had it made from the first pour of Rearden Metal . You 're giving me a railroad spike ? It 's wonderful . It is . It 's original . I 'll be the toast of the town wearing a piece of the same metal used to build railroads and bridges and sewer pipes and oil tanks and- - You are so selfish , Henry . Oh . Phillip , it is not the gift , it 's the intention . The intention 's pure selfishness , it seems to me . I mean , another man would have given his wife a diamond bracelet if he wanted to give her a gift for her pleasure , not his . No . The , uh , chain is appropriate . I think it 's the chain by which he holds us all in bondage . Henry 's poured his metal today and I have the first trophy . It 's sweet . It 's pathetic , Lilly . Thank you . LlLLlAN : I hope you didn 't come here for anything . Henry . Phillip . What are you doing with yourself these days ? I 'm working for Friends of Global Awareness . I know them . What do you want ? Money . Doesn 't everyone ? Call my office first thing in the morning . I 'll authorize a hundred grand for you . You don 't care about helping the underprivileged . No , Phillip , I don 't , but it will make you happy . It 's not for me , Hank . It 's for the benefit of the less privileged . Do you think I can have the money wired to my account ? A wire ? Why ? Well , the thing is it 's a progressive group . They wouldn 't appreciate your name on a check . You 're kidding me . No , it would embarrass us to have you on the list of our contributors . LARKIN : You shouldn 't have given Phillip that money . By the way , I don 't care what the industry says , Henry . Rearden Metal , it 's terrific . I just hope you don 't run into any trouble . What trouble ? Well , you 're not very popular , Hank . I haven 't had any complaints from my customers . Yeah ? That 's not what I mean . You know what you should do ? You ought to get yourself a good press agent to sell you to the public . It 's my metal I 'm selling . Not me . Thank you . But you don 't want the public against you . Public opinion , you know , can mean a lot . As far as I can tell , it doesn 't mean a damn thing , one way or another . The press is against you . They have time to waste. I don 't . Well , they say you 're intractable , you 're ruthless . Your only goal is to make money . My only goal is to make money . Yeah , but you shouldn 't say it . Hank , I 'm on your side . How 's your man in Washington ? Wesley Mouch ? Well , he 's fine , I suppose . Good . It 's important that your man in Washington is fine . What are you trying to imply , Paul ? Is there something going on that I should know about ? No . It 's nothing . It 's just you don 't know who 's loyal these days . What is wrong with the world , Paul ? Why ask useless questions ? How deep is the ocean ? How high is the sky ? Who is John Galt ? Henry Rearden claims that his steel is lighter than even the cheapest brands but it 's 10 times stronger , this is physically impossible , Jim . You 're inviting disaster if you use it . Dagny is , not me . Well , something has to be done . Agreed . I believe you know Wesley Mouch , Rearden 's man in Washington . You know what I like about you , Wesley ? You 're a one-word man . True . BOYLE : All right , something has got to be done about the iron ore shortage . It threatens the very existence of the steel industry . I don 't think it 's fair that one company has its own supply . Rearden Steel . BOYLE : Exactly . It 's not in the public interest to let one man destroy an entire industry . If we 're gonna bring Rearden down we should do it from the inside . MOUCH : Under my guidance , of course . The National Council of Metal Industries has completed a report that draws public opinion against Rearden Metal . Excuse me , I just wanna make sure that Hank doesn 't get hurt . Paul , it 's his own fault . He 's not exactly open to competition . A monopoly . To be exact . BOYLE : We are working on a bill . It 's called The Equalization of Opportunity . It proposes to limit the number of businesses that any one person owns to one business . However , we 're gonna need your help , Jimmy . We need you to grease the palms of your politicians in order to get legislation we 're spearheading passed . What will Taggart Transcontinental get in return ? I can see to it that the exclusive grip that Dan Conway 's Phoenix / Durango railroad has in Colorado can come to a halt . Paul , this is not personal . MOUCH : Everybody needs to share the burdens we face . Especially Rearden . [ GROUP LAUGHING ] MOUCH : Isn 't that Francisco D 'Anconia ? BOYLE : That 's him . Francisco . BOYLE : Throwing away his daddy 's money . Did you get in on that ore mine deal in Mexico ? We all did . He may be a slacker , but he makes business investments that pay off . Well , that 's it for me , gentlemen . I have to go too . Um , Mr. Taggart . Orren . Uh , Paul , uh , maybe you 'd like a lift in my limo ? Of course . Thank you . Please . This way . Gentlemen . TAGGART : Good night , Paul . MOUCH : Orren . Wesley . Jim ? What is it ? Well , if he 's such a great businessman then why hasn 't a single train filled with ore left Mexico yet ? Isn 't that what we invested in ? BOYLE : D 'Anconia has invested billions developing their infrastructure . But he also bought in himself . He must know something . TAGGART : What are you thinking ? BOYLE : I think it 's the ore reserves . I think they must be huge . Well , the success of my Mexican expansion depends on those mines , Orren . Uh , sure . This time next year , Phoenix / Durango needs to be a memory . Thank you , Mr. McNamara . I look forward to working with you as well . McNAMARA : Frankly , I appreciate working directly with you . DAGNY : My pleasure . Goodbye . McNAMARA : Goodbye . Who was that ? I found an excellent contractor to takeover the rebuilding of the Rio Norte Line . That was quick . You 'd be surprised how quickly things get done when you do some actual work and don 't rely on political favors . Is this accurate ? Just one passenger train per day on the Mexican line ? And one freight every other night ? Yes . How are the Mexicans gonna develop the area with a single passenger train once a day ? They 're not , Jim . You should know I moved everything of value out of Mexico a month ago . There 's nothing for looters once the Mexicans nationalize . That Mexican line was helping those destitute people get back in the game . And it was great PR for this company . I would have happily put a railroad in Mexico if there was a reason to build up the region but I didn 't see one . You can 't just take everything away from people who need our help . Move . Okay . Miss Taggart ? Oh . Hello , Owen , please , have a seat . OWEN : Thank you . Um ... . I 've have come to give you my resignation . Effective immediately . Why ? For a personal reason . Are you dissatisfied here ? No . Have you received a better offer ? No . I 'm sorry , I don 't understand , are you ill ? No . Are you leaving the city ? No . But you no longer wish to work for Taggart Transcontinental ? Miss Taggart , I assure you um , no person , matter or event connected to my job has anything to do with my decision to leave . I actually called you in here today to offer you a promotion . I wanted you to manage the Rio Norte Line . That 's very kind of you , Miss Taggart but , um , my decision has been made . I 'll double what any other railroad is offering . I won 't be working for any railroad . But you will be working ? Yes , um- - Look , I came to tell you I 'm leaving because I promised you once that I would and I wanna keep my word . Write your own ticket , Owen . Name your price . I want you to stay . I 'm sorry , Miss Taggart . So there 's nothing I can offer you ? Nothing , nothing on Earth . I 'm sorry , Owen , I have to ask and I 'd like the truth . Why are you leaving ? Who is John Galt ? [ SIGHS ] All done then ? Where are you going ? I have some work to do . Fix me a drink ? Of course . [ PHONE ringing ] Miss Taggart ? Am I calling too late ? Not at all . What 's going on ? Nothing . Well , um something . I don 't know why I thought of calling you . HENRY [ OVER PHONE ] : It 's fine , Dagny . What happened ? One of my best employees quit today . Owen Kellogg . I was actually grooming him for a management position and he just up and left . He couldn 't even tell me why . He just said : " Who is John Galt ? " Why are so many great men disappearing ? It 's going to be okay , Dagny . You know , when you say that , I actually believe it . HENRY : Dagny , what we 're doing my metal , your railway- - It 's us who move the world and it 's us who will pull it through . I know . Goodnight . Richard McNamara ? I 'm McNamara . Are you here from Taggart Transcontinental ? No , I 'm not . What are you selling , pal ? Nothing , I 'm simply offering a society that cultivates individual achievement . I know where such a place exists . BOYLE [ OVER PHONE ] : And then we do what ? We say its purpose is to prevent destructive competition between railroads . We build public opinion against encroachment on existing train routes then- - And then the National Alliance of Railroads proposes a rule . The Anti Dog-Eat-Dog rule . Every member must subordinate his own interests for the collective needs of the industry . But , in fact , we 're squeezing Dan Conway out of Colorado . You are thinking like a politician , Jimmy . WOMAN [ ON TV ] : Mexican authorities seized land throughout the country today . Most affected were the San Sebastian Mines where international playboy Francisco D 'Anconia and other investors , including Taggart Transcontinental and Associated Steel have reportedly lost billions . The San Sebastian Line has been seized by the Mexican government . It 's been nationalized as Dagny predicted . An emergency board meeting has been called . TAGGART : I can assure you that there is no need for panic . And I have full confidence that our government will negotiate an equitable settlement with Mexico . I foresaw the possibility of this type of event and took every precaution to protect the interests of Taggart Transcontinental . Several months ago , I ordered Operations to cut the schedule on the San Sebastian Line down to a single train a day and to remove everything of value from Mexico . Now , because of my actions billions of company dollars have been saved . [ ALL APPLAUDlNG ] No , this is no trick . I checked it all out , Jimmy . D 'Anconia used his own cash and now he has lost it all in those mines . He is too smart for that . He must have something up his sleeve . Well , let 's hope so . What do your friends in Washington think ? They don 't know anything . Well , he knows something . And we need to find out what it is and get in on it too . Ruth Anne , why haven 't you gotten me a meeting with D 'Anconia yet ? RUTH ANNE : I wasn 't able to get a meeting . Why not ? RUTH ANNE : Senor D 'Anconia says that you bore him , Mr. Taggart . Yeah , okay , yeah . There 's something else , Dagny . There was a call just now from the Rio Norte branch in Colorado . Richard McNamara never showed up for work . Well , go find him . eddie : Well , we 've looked and we found a note . DAGNY : What did it say ? It said , " Who is John Galt ? " What does that mean ? eddie : Was explained once . " Don 't ask questions nobody can answer . " Can you get Hank Rearden for me ? EDDIE : He actually called earlier . He 's in town and he wants to know if you 're available . And what did you say ? eddie : He 's meeting you at 4 : 30 . Thanks , Eddie . We need to talk . You guys carry on , I 'll catch up . You think I 've ruined this company . Do you and Orren Boyle have a plan for making up for the Mexican line 's losses ? Yes , I do . The Anti Dog-Eat-Dog rule . Wyatt will have to use Taggart Transcontinental because we will be the only railroad in town . The Phoenix / Durango is a good line , Jim . Conway put his lifeblood into its success . You have to take radical steps to survive . What does that mean ? Go see your old boyfriend , Francisco find out why he screwed us out of billions of dollars ? It will never happen . You 'll never open those old wounds . DAGNY : Get me Dan Conway . I 'm Ellis Wyatt . How can I help you ? WYATT : I 'll make this quick . I came here today because , well , I met your brother and I was hoping someone in this business still had a brain . If you and your brother try to undermine me or go to the government like you did to destroy my best friend , Dan Conway- - Maybe you should let me explain- - Maybe you should let me finish speaking ! Okay . eddie : Dagny ? Okay . Now that you have effectively closed down the Phoenix / Durango railroad line because of this new Anti Dog-Eat-Dog bullshit I have no choice but to get back into business with you Taggarts again . I had nothing to do with the creation of that bill . I will not lower my business standards to your lousy level of incompetence . Shall I explain what I intend to do in- - WYATT : No . Now that I 'm forced to use your railroad all I want from you is dependable transportation . You will get the transportation you need , Mr. Wyatt . I promise you that . We 'll see . Is everything all right , Dagny ? I don 't know . Eddie ? Yes , Dagny ? Can you get me a dinner appointment with Francisco D 'Anconia ? What about Henry Rearden ? I guess I have two dinner dates then . In the end , he 's right . If Wyatt fails , Taggart Transcontinental and everyone else around him goes down . I have 50 miles of my new rail tempered and ready to roll . With your new rail , I can triple my load capacity but I need more diesel engines . I barely have enough parts to keep the ones I have working now . Hmm . Engine parts are hard to come by these days . I have engines I ordered two years ago and still have not received . There was a company that made terrific engines years ago uh , in Wisconsin , I think . It closed suddenly , but they might have machine tools and parts that you can use . I can look into it if you like . There is so much at stake . We have to make it . Did you get Lillian 's invitation to our anniversary party ? I did , thank you . I can 't speak for James , but I will be there . Good . Did you hear about Richard McNamara ? I did . Can you imagine what will happen if this trend continues ? Who will be left to keep things running ? Your brother and his friends in Washington , people like that . That 's depressing . I have to go . [ classical music PLAYING ] Ha , ha . Whoo ! That was refreshing . If you came here in order to remind me how lovely you are well done . San Sebastian , you did it cold-bloodedly and with full intention . Wine , please ? No . Yes . What is it that I did with full intention ? You knew those mines were worthless . Why did I invest ? Can you think of a motive ? You knew they were gonna seize those mines , didn 't you ? What you were after were your American stockholders . That 's part of the truth . What is the rest of the truth ? It 's for you to figure out . MAN : And here you are , sir . I came here because I want you to know I 'm beginning to understand your motives . If you did , you wouldn 't come . You get a thrill from swindling people in order to watch them squirm . They provided a spectacle on a grand scale , especially your brother . He trusted your name and your honor . They did , they did. I 'm aware of that . Do you find this amusing ? Not at all . Your brother and his friends know nothing of the copper mining industry . They consider knowledge to be superfluous . So you did betray them intentionally ? That 's for you to decide . They rode on my brain and on the premise that I wanted to make money . What happened to you , Francisco ? Where is the man I used to love ? You 'll figure it out in time . Just answer the question , please . Who is John Galt ? WOMAN [ ON TV ] : Plans for a rainy day , national ... . Happy anniversary . I know you 're famous for skulking in corners , but be sociable tonight . For once , please , for me . The Equalization of Opportunity Bill is set to appear before Congress next week . The bill , in an effort to control big business monopolies , proposes to limit the number of businesses any one person can own to one . Lawmakers feel the bill will help ... . Wesley Mouch , please . Hank Rearden . BRANSON : Police have no leads on the disappearance of Midas Mulligan . He 's not ? BRANSON : A banker by trade , Michael- - No , have him call me back . BRANSON : Changed his name to Midas ... . Can I have one night ? BRANSON : This week , gas prices reached a historic high . And here you are , Mr. Rearden . Thank you . You 're quite welcome . [ BAND playing JAZZ music ] Oh , darling , thank you . Where are you going ? Pardon us , Phillip . Henry , dear try to have fun . How could I possibly have more fun than this , Lillian ? You 're really a wretched liar , aren 't you ? Behave . Mother ? You look beautiful , Mother . Hello , Lillian . Congratulations . Pardon me one moment . Hello . James Taggart . Lillian . A little late and a lot gorgeous . And Dagny . Mrs. Rearden , how are you ? I 'm wonderful . Tell me , who are you wearing ? Oh , Lennon Couture . I have often said he is someone who should come back into fashion and here you are . That is a beautiful bracelet . Yeah . Well , you know , Henry had that made for me from his new metal . He tries , poor thing . Now , come . There 's some gentleman who wants desperately to meet you . Here he is , as promised , James Taggart . Hank . Dagny . Oh , excuse me . To a successful business partnership . I 'll drink to that . Glad you could make it . Pardon me . Honey , uh , there 's someone I want you to meet . Excuse us . LlLLlAN : You have to pose for photos later . HENRY : No . You promised . You will do it , I own you tonight . I 'm having a magnificent time . Good , I 'm so glad . Are you glad ? Here- - Okay , what the hell is he doing here ? Well , you can 't have a party without inviting Senor D 'Anconia if he 's around . You keep him away from me . I mean it . Grow up , Henry . Francisco . Lillian . Pardon me . How are you ? You rogue . Good to see you . Two , please . Did you hear ? Balph Eubank is here . Good . He said , " Happiness is a delusion of those whose emotions are superficial . " The guy is a genius . Who are you ? I 'm Phillip Rearden . [ INAUDIBLE dialogue ] [ CROWD CHEERING ] Thank you . Well , congratulations on your 10th anniversary . CROWD : Cheers . Hit it . [ BAND playing JAZZ music ] Thank you . Thanks for coming . [ INAUDIBLE dialogue ] Try the cake , Phillip . Well , what 's great about it ? Okay , Paul ? Well said . I picked it out because I know that you love banana and I like chocolate and Mother likes the butter cream . Mr. Rearden , allow me to introduce myself . Your reputation precedes you , Senor D 'Anconia . I 'm not a fan . Then I 'll be brief . I came here tonight just to meet you . And what did you wanna meet me for ? Help me lose money ? I don 't wanna sell anything to you . Matter of fact , I didn 't try to sell the mine to James Taggart either , he came to me . You wouldn 't have . Exactly . So , what do you want ? I want to learn to understand you . [ laughing ] What for ? If it wasn 't for you , most of these people would be left helpless . Why are you willing to carry them ? Because they 're a bunch of miserable children trying to stay alive desperately and very badly . Have you told them ? Told them what ? You 're working for your sake , not theirs . They know . Yes , they do . But they don 't think you do . And what do I care what they think ? Because it 's a battle . A battle in which one must make one 's stand clear . What battle ? I don 't fight the disarmed . Oh , they have a weapon against you . It 's their only weapon , but it 's a terrible one . Ask yourself what it is sometime . There 's a reason you 're as unhappy as you are . What exactly is your motive here ? Let us say to give you the words you need for the time when you 'll need them . It was a pleasure meeting you , Mr. Rearden . Good evening . Are you having a good time , Dagny ? I am . Good . And I really do love that bracelet . LlLLlAN : I would throw it into the fire if it would burn . Perhaps , I can take it off your hands ? Are you serious ? I was planning on giving it to the maid for her birthday . Maybe the maid would like this instead . That 's enough , Lillian . Dagny is just being kind . LlLLlAN : For God 's sake , Henry , be quiet . Dagny and I are having a negotiation , it seems . You were saying ? A simple trade . That bracelet for this necklace . And it 's yours . Sorry , Hank , I had to . No , you didn 't . Yes , I did . And we both know why . It 's nothing . It 's just a useless hunk of metal . Nice try . I had a lovely time . That party took a lot out of me , Henry . Don 't worry . I didn 't come in here for sex . Thank you , dear . Why are you here ? The next time you decide to throw a party , can you stick to your own crowd ? Don 't bother inviting people you think are my friends . But , Henry , you don 't have any friends . WOMAN 1 [ ON TV ] : And in Colorado this morning work commenced to replace 100-year-old track on the Rio Norte Line ... . MAN 1 : Some sections of this rail line , one of Taggart 's most important have fallen into disrepair over the last decades . WOMAN 2 : The rails of the Rio Norte Line have not been replaced in over 100 years . MAN 1 : This marks the first time Rearden Steel has been used this extensively in a major railroad construction project in the country . MAN 2 : Going slow and safe , slow and safe . MAN 3 : Get two men on that side . MAN 2 : Pull the pin . Your speech at this dinner tonight better inspire confidence . The National Council of Metal Industries is questioning the structural integrity of Rearden Metal . I just hope you can defend Rearden Metal against Bertram Scudder . Scudder ? You didn 't tell me there would be other speakers . We want to be objective , hear all sides . Especially in front of the media . Objective ? Did you read the hatchet job he did on Hank Rearden in his magazine ? And why is there media at a private dinner ? You 're gonna debate Scudder on the safety concerns of Rearden Metal . Driver ? Pull over . What are you doing ? I don 't need to defend my decision to use Rearden Metal . But , apparently , you do . Good luck . How is it gonna look when we 're not there to defend our own proposal ? TAWNY [ ON TV ] : Taggart construction crews reached the foot of The Rockies this morning . Over 125 miles of track have been replaced in little over a month with still almost 200 miles more to go . This is Tawny Johnson reporting from Granby , Colorado . MAN : Ease off on that , big bro . POTTER : The State Science Institute is simply requesting that you stop production until the economy can stabilize . The answer is no . At a time of desperate steel shortages we can 't afford to allow the expansion of a company which produces too much and might replace companies which produce too little . That is how you create an unbalanced economy . Oh . Well , I tell you what . If you can answer me one simple question truthfully I 'll consider your request . Is Rearden Metal good or not ? I 'm authorized by the government to pay you a very generous sum for the rights to Rearden Metal . What would seem fair to you ? Tell me if Rearden Metal is good or not and I 'll sell you the rights . I think that 's a very selfish question to ask at a time of great economic uncertainty . Is Rearden Metal good or not ? Answer the question , doctor . The question of Rearden Metal being good or not is irrelevant . If Rearden Metal is not good , it 's a physical danger to the public . If it is good it 's a social danger . If you have any proof that Rearden Metal poses a physical threat show it to me . Otherwise , we 're done here . Why is it so important for you to struggle for years squeezing out meager gains rather than accept a fortune for Rearden Metal ? Because it 's mine . Do you understand that concept ? Mine . Why are you taking such a hard-line position ? I don 't understand . I don 't think you 'll ever understand , doctor . And Rearden Metal is good . I can 't risk making more switches for you out of that unproven metal . Too many people think it 's unsafe . What people ? I just don 't want any trouble . Herbert , look . You 've been working with Rearden Metal for four months now . You know it is the best material available . What 's going on ? I got a family . I need to make money . I 'm trying to survive here . And you will . Continue manufacturing my mainline switches . There have been threats . Who is threatening you ? The State Science Institute has issued a statement warning people against the use of Rearden Metal . And what are they saying , exactly ? It 's what they 're implying . DAGNY : It was issued under your name . Make it a habit of letting the Institute speak for you even if the words it uses are false ? Miss Taggart , it is public opinion that Rearden Metal is unsafe . What about the truth ? Which truth ? That Rearden Metal is the best material available on the market today . It 's strong , it is safe . You know that . Please , have a seat . Please . Consider my side , Miss Taggart . I work for the last center of science left on Earth . We do rely on public funding . Which do I sacrifice ? An excellent piece of smelting or the future of this institute ? Miss Taggart . Please sit down . I had three brilliant students that I shared with another Philosophy professor , Hugh Akston . Doctor Stadler , I don 't understand what this has to do- - We even had a bet . Who would win over their hearts and minds first ? One of them became a depraved playboy . His name was Francisco D 'Anconia . I know who he is . The second , Ragnar Danneskjold , became a pirate stealing to give to the rich . And the third ? The third one simply vanished . We were expecting such a magnificent future for them . I do wish you best of luck , Miss Taggart . Sorry , I 'm late . Please , continue . MAN [ ON TV ] : Today , the Rio Norte Line ... WOMAN : According to studies , Rearden 's new steel , mined with the latest standard ... . MAN : This extensively in a major railroad construction project in the country . WYATT : Hello , Dagny . Mr. Wyatt . Hello . There was a big-rig pileup a couple of weeks ago . Landslide closed down the supply line for workers and the rail . I thought we 'd be down for a couple of weeks . We were back up and running in 24 hours . I figured someone knew how to manage a crisis up here . Nice job . Can 't afford to fall behind . We have to get those rails in place before the first snows come . I underestimated you . Hey , Dagny ? If you ever want a job ... . I 'll keep that in mind . MAN 1 : It comes from the reservoir . Make sure it 's clean . HENRY : I was watching you with the workers there . You look as at home there as you do in that office of yours . I 'm needed here . This is important . MAN 2 : Yeah , go ahead . What you need is to replace that bridge . DAGNY : Not a chance . I have to be ready in six months . MAN 3 : Plenty . What if I told you I could have it made in three months and that it would last for centuries ? Let me check my budget . I can make it happen . Now , I 'm staying in town tonight . I was wondering if you 'd like join me for dinner . I can 't . I have to get back to New York . But walk with me . Do you think it can be stopped ? HENRY : This new line or us ? DAGNY : Both . What 's going on , Eddie ? Ben Nealy 's quit . Kellogg , McNamara , now Nealy . That 's not all , Dagny . Taggart Transcontinental stocks have plummeted because the State Science Institute has denounced Rearden Metal . Your family 's railroad is in real trouble . Eddie . I think it 's time to stand on our own . In order to save my family 's business I 'm gonna have to abandon it . SECRETARY : Good morning , Miss Taggart . Taggart Transcontinental is done . What are you talking about ? We 're finished . We can 't stop and we can 't go on . In weeks , our stock won 't be trading anymore . You 're paranoid . Orren Boyle has assured me there is pending- - Here 's what we are gonna do . And , Jim , this is not a proposal . Just listen and accept . I 'm gonna take a leave from Taggart Transcontinental . Start my own company . You 're leaving ? Shut up . You and the board are gonna transfer the Rio Norte Line over to me . Our stock will go back up . I will act as my own contractor . I will get my own financing and finish the line on time . And where are you gonna get financing ? That is not for you to worry about . Once we see how the rails perform I will transfer the line back over to Taggart Transcontinental and return to my job . Okay . And what are you gonna call this new line of yours , Dagny ? You 're not dragging the family name through this . I won 't allow it . The John Galt Line . Now we know why you 've gone off the rails . That 's the name . It 's your disaster . And what 's the plan if you fail ? I go down alone . Taggart Transcontinental remains in your control . Two last things . What ? First , I 'm taking Eddie Willers . Oh , no , no . I need him here . Tough . You 're gonna have to do your own work . Second , keep your cronies in Washington off my back . Make sure I get all my permissions , grants , authorizations and any other political crap I need from those sons of bitches , otherwise , no deal . I 'll see what I can do . And one last warning , brother dear . I have never done anything to hurt a living creature in my entire life . But if you double-cross me in any way I will destroy you . DAGNY : The money would mean nothing to you . You 've wasted that on senseless parties . You 've wasted more in the San Sebastian mines . I 'm afraid I can 't . Money 's tight . I 've got too many expenses . Okay . So , what do you want me to do , Frisco ? Do you want me to beg ? Because now I 'm begging . Ha . You don 't know how . I thought that you of all people would understand . Then is it me that you want ? Don 't ask me such a thing , Dagny . If I ever meant anything to you loan me the money that I need . I can 't . What is this savior line gonna be called ? The John Galt Line . What ? Because I am tired of hearing that name . It means quitting , giving up . And I am not giving up . I am not going to quit . I 'm going to win . MAN : I 'm sorry , Miss Taggart . So , what do you think ? Just one last thing . [ PHONE ringing ] I 'll make sets for you . No . Okay . So maybe you can see about an opportunity ... . [ PHONE ringing ] KEN [ OVER PHONE ] : Dagny ? Ken Danagger . I have some good news . Mr. Rearden , Miss Taggart is- - As president of the John Galt Line I would like to commission a Rearden Metal bridge for Wyatt Junction . Excellent . I 'll start rolling the metal . Aren 't you curious as to how I 'm able to finance this ? Okay , I 'll bite . Ellis Wyatt , Ted Nielsen , Lawrence Hammond , Kenneth Danagger . I 'm not at 100 percent bonds sold yet , but I am close . Hmm . There. I just made up the difference . I would never ask anyone to take a risk I wasn 't willing to take . You 're a good man , Hank Rearden . Can I show you something ? GWEN : Mr. Rearden 's office . No , he 's in a meeting . May I give you his voicemail ? Thank you . DAGNY : Looks like an engine . HENRY : Not like any engine I 've ever seen . Where did you find this ? Remember that motor company I was telling you about in Wisconsin ? I did a little digging around and I found these . DAGNY : Twentieth Century Motor Corporation . It 's a prototype for a new engine . It never went into production . I 'm not even sure the thing works . Well , it 's worth a look . Once the John Galt line is complete , I 'd like to look into this further . Care to help ? GWEN : Let me see what I can do . Absolutely . I 'm sorry to interrupt , Mr. Rearden . There 's an urgent call on line two . HENRY : Hank Rearden . What ? Find Mouch . What is it ? The legislature passed the Equalization of Opportunity Bill . So quickly ? How is that even possible ? I don 't know . You know what this means ? Nobody can own more than one company . We 'll fix this . I 'll sign away my other companies , but they are not getting my metal . What about Wyatt 's bridge ? I gave my word . It will be done on time and on budget . This is just a technicality , Hank . Okay . I 'll always consider the ore mine as yours . No . I either own the property or I don 't . You can trust me . You know you 'll always have as much ore as you need . I don 't know . I 've never given you any reason to mistrust me . The mine is yours . If you intend to keep your word , then keep it . If you wanna give me first call on the ore produced , fine . If you intend to double-cross me so be it . It 's not fair , Hank . It wasn 't me who passed the law . DAGNY : That is correct . The first train on the John Galt Line will run July 22nd . MAN : Great news . Thank you , Dagny . My pleasure , thank you . Dagny , this is , uh , Mr. Brady , a delegate from the Union of Locomotive Engineers . You 're busy. I 'll be brief . We 're not gonna allow you to run that train . Get out of here . You do not come and tell me what you will or will not allow me to do . What I meant to say was a committee decided that allowing men to run your train on that untested metal would violate their human rights . Are you serious , Mr. Brady ? You can 't force men to go out and get killed for profit . Put that in writing . That you want to stop your men from working and earning a wage . Miss Taggart , you don 't understand- - DAGNY : Oh , no , no , no. I understand perfectly . You want me to provide the jobs and you wanna make it impossible for me to have any jobs to provide . You can do whatever you want with your men . But that train will run if I have to drive myself . Because , Mr. Brady , if that bridge collapses there won 't be any railroad left in existence . But if it does not collapse no member of your union will ever get a job on the John Galt Line . Now are you going to forbid your men to run that train ? I never used the word forbid . I 'm only stating that you cannot force anyone to take that run . I would never force a man to do anything . I 'll ask for volunteers . Then it will be my problem , not yours . I 'll advise them to refuse . Do what you want , Mr. Brady . But leave them the choice . MAN [ ON TV ] : We have breaking news from Cheyenne , Wyoming where the maiden run of the John Galt Line is about to commence despite numerous warnings from the State Science Institute . Two hundred fifty miles per hour all the way . The John Galt Line 's the future of rail travel . We 're gonna prove it today . REPORTER : Miss Taggart , who is John Galt ? We are . One hundred . One fifty . One seventy-five . Two fifty . That 's faster than any train has ever gone in this country . There she is . We did it . [ TRAIN BELL ringing ] MAN [ ON TV ] : Today in Colorado , the John Galt Line made a successful run over its new Rearden Metal bridge . The controversial metal bridge held up perfectly despite strong warnings from the State Science Institute . WYATT : Three hundred miles in less than 90 minutes . Was there ever any doubt ? No , because there was no doubt I prepared a meal for the two of you . SECRETARY [ OVER INTERCOM ] : Orren Boyle is on the line . BOYLE [ OVER PHONE ] : Did you see ? I 'm watching it now . If the John Galt Line succeeds , it 's gonna make Wyatt unstoppable . Now , what can be done ? MOUCH : Don 't you see ? It 's his own success that provides us the tools to bring him down . He 's not only given us the rope , he 's tied the knot . All we have to do is slip it over his head . This might work to our advantage . [ SHOUTING ] I love it . Here we go . [ INAUDIBLE dialogue ] [ CHUCKLES ] [ laughing ] Oh , yeah , you want that . So ? And he said , " It smells like museo de las poopias . " [ ALL LAUGHING ] I want to tell both of you something . Do you know the Buena Esperanza Pass ? Well , yeah , the Buena Esperanza Pass . That area has been dry for years . WYATT : Ah . To conventional drilling , yes . There is an untapped reservoir of oil in those rocks which is larger than any known reserve in the Saudi Peninsula . And underneath is an ocean of natural gas . Soon everyone will be wanting to get on the bandwagon . And , my friends , we are the band . I will drink to that . Hear , hear . To Colorado and the New Renaissance . And forget about the Stone Age and the iron Age . Let 's have a toast to the Age of Rearden Metal . And the John Galt Line . Ahem . Well , I can see that the market has opened in Hong Kong . I have some phone calls to make . You have been charming company , but I must excuse myself . There are guest rooms upstairs . Help yourself . Thank you for everything . My pleasure , partner . Sir . Sir . My , uh , casa es su casa , and so on . Good night . Good night . HENRY : Good night . It 's good to know there are men like Wyatt left in the world . I wish I could hold myself in the same esteem . I have a wife . And somewhere I have a company that 's being pulled apart . Yet here we are . And all I wanna do right now is kiss you . What 's stopping you ? [ knocking ON DOOR ] Ellis Wyatt ? Yes ? Could I have a moment of your time ? WYATT : At this hour ? Who the hell are you ? MAN : My name is familiar to you . HENRY : Good morning . Where 's Wyatt ? DAGNY : Morning . You 're up early . I didn 't want to wake you . Look at this . He thanked us and he 's looking forward to the Second Renaissance . That 's it . Odd . Mm-hm . So I was thinking . I thought we might take a trip , a little getaway . How scandalous . You 're a married man . MAN : There you go , sir . Where are we going ? You remember that folder with the strange engine ? Yeah . I thought we might visit the Twentieth Century Motor Company in Wisconsin . When do we leave ? DAGNY : It 's a real mystery why the Twentieth Century Motor Company failed . HENRY : It 's no mystery . Bad ideas brought it down . DAGNY : Ideas ? HENRY : As I understand it , the company flattened the wage scale and still paid everyone according to their needs not according to their contributions . DAGNY : Why all these stupid altruistic urges ? It 's not being charitable or fair . What is it with people today ? HENRY : So after a short while , no surprise the smartest managers and the better workers left the company . But hundreds of remaining staff couldn 't handle it alone . Service dropped quality in their once-great products was gone , and that was that . The Twentieth Century Motor Company went under . That 's depressing . Looks like they just walked away . Not much here . It 's too bad . I 'd really like to figure out what happened here . Dagny . This is it . This is where they made the engine . Do you think it 's here ? Why would they leave all this stuff here ? Some of this is incredibly sophisticated . It 's unbelievable . Hank ? Atmospheric vacuum . What ? This motor uses the Casimir effect . It 's this small particle accelerator . It throws small helium particles into heavier particles . And this must be a secondary cooling system . Probably designed to eliminate excess heat generated during the process . Exactly , and this creates a magnetic field in place long enough for the collapsing vacuum pressure to be captured . An engine that uses atmospheric vacuum to create static electricity . Now , does it say anywhere on this document who designed this thing ? I don 't see any names . We could get a list of the building employees . We 'd go to the town hall of records . Find the last owner of the factory . We 'd track it back from there . Dagny , this could change the world . That factory has had a long line of owners and the records are not complete . I 'm sorry . Thank you . Okay . So I guess this is our starting point . I bought it in a bankruptcy sale . From a guy named Eugene Lawson . Do you got any idea how we might contact Mr. Lawson ? He 's in Washington now . At the Bureau of Economic Planning and National Resources , I think . My goal is social progress , universal prosperity . Welfare of the nation is my primary consideration to which I wouldn 't hesitate to sacrifice anyone 's profit . Well , Mr. Rearden , you must be awfully proud of your man Mouch . He 's doing big things in Colorado to help the nation . I no longer have interest in Mr. Mouch . Oh . I see . Well , that 's , uh- - That 's too bad . Jed Starnes . Excuse me ? Jed Starnes . He was an engineer at the Twentieth Century Motor Company . I hope that helps . My father was an evil man . But surely , he must have mentioned something about work ? A motor perhaps ? The chief engineer was William Hastings . He quit the day after we introduced the plan . You 'll find him in Brandon , Wyoming . MRS. HASTINGS : My husband died five years ago , Miss Taggart . DAGNY : Did he ever mention a motor he created ? It was his young assistant . William always said he was , oh , ahead of his time . Called him a genius . Do you know where we might be able to find that man today ? Oh , I have no idea . He did keep in touch with a professor that he had at the Patrick Henry University . Hugh Akston was his name . I know that name . Do you know where he is ? Well , Mr. Akston was rumored to have opened a roadside diner near Cheyenne . HENRY : I gotta get back to my mills . Now ? I have a business to run . We can 't quit now , Hank . You 're so close . Imagine what will happen if we find the inventor and get it up and running . HENRY : Okay , give me a few days . I 'll meet you in Colorado . Hi , Dagny . Hank . I 'm back . I just want to see how you 're doing . DAGNY : I 'm great . I 'm heading up to Akston 's diner now . Eddie on the other line , I 'll call you back . Hey , Eddie , what 's up ? The Union of Locomotive Engineers is demanding that all trains on the John Galt Line be reduced from 100 to 60 miles an hour . If we don 't comply , as of right now Wyoming , New Mexico , Arizona and Utah are not allowing any trains into Colorado . This is madness . EDDIE : That 's not all , Dagny . Orren Boyle is campaigning for a bill that would limit the production of Rearden Metal . Is that my sister on the phone ? Let me talk to her . Where the hell are you ? Do you have any idea what 's happening here ? Jim , this is your battle. I 've fought mine . They 're your friends . You stop them . Dr. Akston , I was wondering if you remember a young engineer who worked at the Twentieth Century Motor Corporation about 10 years ago . He worked with a man named William Hastings . Could you tell me where to find him ? Does this car get good mileage ? Is he still alive ? Is there anything that you can tell me ? I 've traveled a very long way to be here . Yeah . You got a long way to go too . Excuse me . I have to be heading home . Dr. Akston ? One more question . I need the name of your student who worked at Twentieth Century Motor- - I know why you 're here , Miss Taggart . Do you ? The secret you 're trying to solve , it 's greater and I mean much greater than an engine that runs on atmospheric electricity . Good luck . DAGNY : I 'm not gonna give up trying to find the inventor of that motor . AKSTON : Oh , don 't worry , Miss Taggart . He 'll find you . WOMAN : You all set ? MAN 1 : Yeah . WOMAN : Okay . MAN 2 [ ON TV ] : The Equalization of Opportunity Laws . Coffee ? Yes . Anything else ? We got rhubarb pie . Made it myself . No , I 'm good . Thanks . Again , I think it 's significant in helping the broad spectrum ... . Could you turn that up , please ? MAN 2 : Government is overstepping its bounds ? MOUCH : Colorado is a rich state . It 's quite unique . It 's in a position where it can help its neighborhood needier states . So I think it 's a good thing , yes . MAN 2 : And it 's fair to penalize one state ? MOUCH : Please . You 're not penalizing another state . You 're helping another state . MAN 2 : Like a Robin Hood of taking from the rich , feeding the poor . I mean , rich people are getting richer , poor people are getting poorer . I heard about what Orren Boyle is up to . Call me . BRANSON : Breaking news out of Wyatt Junction , Colorado . A major fire has erupted at the Wyatt Oil Field . Reports are coming in that several explosions have rocked the hillside . Our news team has captured this unedited footage on the scene . MAN 3 : As you can see , the hillside behind me is completely engulfed in flames . Fire crews have been brought in from as far away as Denver County to help battle the blaze , as many as 40 acres ... . And zero containment at the moment . ANNOUNCER [ ON radio ] : My fellow Americans , Mr. Wesley Mouch . [ CROWD applauding ] Thank you . Thank you . As the new coordinator of the Bureau of Economic Planning and National Resources I have issued a set of directives . I am placing a moratorium on all railroad lines . Additionally , under my direction all steel mills must produce steel at the same level and output and distribute it according to the needs of the people . Furthermore , big companies will no longer be permitted to abandon their present states and move to wealthier states like Colorado . [ CROWD applauding ] Finally , a federal tax will be applied to the state of Colorado in order to equalize the national economy . [ CROWD applauding ] Thank you . He gave a good speech . Thank you very much . Thank you . Welcome to my town , James . [ TRUCK HORN honking ] [ SIRENS wailing ] [ explosion BOOMS AND CROWD SCREAMS ] MAN : Move it . Lady , stop . You can 't go in there . Ellis . MAN : Ellis Wyatt ? WYATT : Who the hell are you ? GALT : My name is John Galt . I live in a place we call Atlantis . And I think you 'd fit in there . It 's a place where heroes live . And where those who want to be heroes live . The government we have there respects each of us as individuals and as producers . Actually , beyond a few courthouses , there 's not much of a government at all . Bottom line , Mr. Wyatt if you 're weary of a government that refuses to limit power over you and if you 're ready to claim the moral right to your own life then we should leave . And I 'll take you there . I 'll take you to Atlantis . [ YELLING ] No ! WYATT : This is Ellis Wyatt . I 'm gone . Don 't try to find me . You won 't . I am on strike . [ English - US - PSDH ]
