 Previously on Fringe ... Captain Lee . He didn 't make it . Thought I 'd stick around for a while . Figured you 'd need some help . That 'd be nice . What would David Robert Jones have to gain by destroying a town that people didn 't even know was here to begin with ? I don 't know , but the amount of Amphilicite recovered from those devices is only a fraction of Jones ' stockpile . It 's your world you ought to be concerned about . Because as bad as you think things are now , things are going to get much worse . There 's been some rumblings lately about a group out there . They 're obsessed with the guided evolution of man . They want to create a new species . You said that Jones was a megalomaniac . That is a God complex . Maybe Jones is trying to take control of the situation . You coming , Walter ? Don 't know that you really needed a tie . I thought it was appropriate . Well , you look great . Thank you all for coming . I have asked you here because I believe that I have discovered David Robert Jones' true intentions . I believe that Jones is trying to collapse our universes in order to create a gravitational singularity . As our worlds contract ... The force becomes greater and greater , and as matter and energy are compressed to a point , the density is so great that it has no recourse but to rapidly expand outwards again ... creating a Big Bang . Mutual destruction . Our side , and yours . And he would do all this why ? To create another universe . His universe . A world in which the laws of physics and nature are designed and controlled by him . But how did you come to this conclusion ? I had a dream . A dream ? My subconscious mind was working while my conscious mind was at rest . Walter ... With all respect , maybe it was just a dream . If I have learned one thing , it 's that anything is possible . And given what we know about Jones ' actions so far , what Dr. Bishop suggests should not be overlooked . Okay . So let 's assume Walter 's right . How would Jones do this ? Keep the change . Get out of the street ! Move ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! ♪ Fringe 4x20 ♪ Worlds Apart Original Air Date on April 27 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ You 've lost me , Walter . How can someone destroy two universes and survive to see it ? Westfield . Jones used Amphilicite to destroy the town of Westfield in our universe and in yours , but when he was finished , there was one area still standing . Meaning ? Meaning that perhaps it was a test . A way to ensure his survival . So Jones is planning on what ? Riding out the apocalypse ? We already know that Jones has created a new species . Now , it 's possible that he has built a safe zone where he and his creations can be protected . After all , he will have to populate this new world . Like Noah 's Ark ? Is that what you 're saying ? Something like that , yes . Mr. Secretary , I have a message from command . In this scenario , would there be any way to stop Jones ? Short of killing him , I don 't know . - Dunham . - Broyles . - Dunham . You did great , Walter . He can 't even stay in the same room with me . No , he listened to you . They all did . Emergency Services is receiving multiple reports of earthquakes happening all over the world . Uh , " worlds . " It 's happening on our side too . It 's Jones . 27 earthquakes . Most of them occurred nowhere near major fault lines , registering between a 5.7 and a 7.1 on the Richter Scale , and they all started at exactly the same time , 11 : 23 a.m. , Greenwich Mean Time . The locations of the quakes are the same in both universes . Yes . Nepal , Buenos Aires , Beijing ... to synchronize earthquakes all over the world , he must 've had a trigger ; Presumably Amphilicite . I 'll coordinate with the other side and begin a search . I wonder how you say " Amphilicite " in Mandarin . What is he doing ? Uh , we don 't know . He said that he 's not ready to tell us yet . So why these 27 locations ? Assuming that it is Jones , it can 't just be random . There must be a pattern . So what ? I don 't know , another test ? No , this is not a test . I think I 'm starting to understand . The items in this box were recovered from the epicenter of the earthquake in Manhattan . Now , as we have seen , everything from our universe vibrates at a frequency of 261.6 hertz . The key of C. And things from the other universe at 392 hertz . G. But these things vibrate at 329.6 hertz . The key of E. Precisely . I think I know what he 's doing now . Jones is trying to tune the two universes to vibrate at a common frequency . And it 's these vibrations that are creating the earthquakes . And I suspect we 'll see many more , because the vibrations are weakening the barrier between our two universes . If he does it enough times , in the right locations ... Collapse is inevitable . Agent Lee , you have a visitor . Lincoln . Hi . I 'm Nick Lane . I don 't know if you remember me , but we grew up in the same neighborhood in Philly . I was a couple years behind you in school . You went out with my sister Kendra . Nick . Right . Uh , good to see you again . So what can I do for ya ? I 'm--I 'm really sorry to ambush you like this , but I didn 't really want to call the hotline , and you 're the only person I know who 's an actual Fringe Division Agent . I had a vision . I saw the earthquakes . I was standing right in the middle of it . But the thing is when this happened , I wasn 't even aware there was an earthquake . I hadn 't turned on the news yet . How is that possible ? Hey , you guys , check this out . This is footage of the epicenter in Sydney , Australia , taken with a cell phone camera . See her ? She 's just standing there . While everybody else runs for cover . You think she caused this ? Well , she 's standing at the epicenter . Maybe whatever device we 're looking for- - Jones 's trigger- - maybe it 's on her . Hmm . She 's pretty . Is this the best angle that we have ? Yeah , I 'm afraid so . Could you try and get a clearer image ? Dunham . Hey , it 's me . Hey . What 's up ? I got a guy on this side who had a vision of standing in the middle of the earthquake in Manhattan . But the way he described it , I think he saw the earthquake on your side , in our Manhattan . Like he was somehow remotely viewing it from this side . He said that in his vision , there were no Twin Towers . Do we know who he is ? A citizen . His name is Nick Lane . You still there ? I 'll call you back . It 's not much better , but I am gonna run it through facial recognition and see if we get a hit . Uh , no need . Her name is Sally Clark . Oh , you 're right . We were in the Cortexiphan trials together along with another boy called Nick Lane . Nick Lane ? What does he have to do with this ? I don 't think Jones is using Amphilicite devices to trigger these events . I think they are the devices . He 's using Cortexiphan subjects . It 's horrible and deranged , but you have to agree , it 's really quite ingenious . Jones is using Nick Lane and the other Cortexiphan subjects ' abilities to psychically link with versions of themselves in the alternate universe . Meaning Nick Lane and the others are drawing on their alternate 's frequency to change the vibratory nature of the area that they 're standing in , effectively , merging the two universes together . Which is what 's causing the earthquakes . And the eventual collapse of our world . This man ... I 'm afraid I underestimated him . Jones must have a remarkable mind to have devised a plan like this . Walter ... Could the connection between our two universes be what 's facilitating this psychic link ? I suppose . So what if we severed it ? - You 're not suggesting that- - - Yes , I am . Suggesting what ? That we close the bridge . We turn off the machine . It cuts the link between our Cortexiphan subjects and their doppelgangers . Walter , would that work ? In theory , yes . But if we were able to shut down the machine , we may never be able to start it again . Our two sides would be separated forever . The bridge being opened is what 's enabled the other universe to heal . So what would happen if we closed it ? Most likely , the healing would stop . Their world wouldn 't get any worse , but it wouldn 't get any better either . There 's no other alternative , Walter . Well , that 's easy for us to say , Peter . Well , there is one other option . We find Jones , and we stop the next attack . How ? I think I have an idea . Crossing over takes some getting used to . You know , it was weird for me too , the first time . So how 's this gonna work ? This is gonna pinch just a little . Will any of this stuff hurt me ? Shouldn 't . In fact , it may not do anything at all . But if we 're lucky , it may help Agent Dunham find the man we 're after . I knew Nick when we were kids . We shared an emotional bond . And I 'm hoping that through you , we may be able to reconnect and find him . And this makes perfect sense to all of you . I find it 's best if you just go with it . Think of it this way . If it works out , you 're the hero that saved two universes . Look , I appreciate what you guys have been doing to prevent closing the bridge , even if it 's a long shot . The truth is I like coming over here . Especially after it rains . Wh--when my world started to break down , the conditions in the atmosphere changed . And the light doesn 't reflect through moisture the way it used to . We haven 't seen a rainbow in over 20 years . Oh , I didn 't know that . As our world started to repair itself , I began to imagine that the people from my side would start to see them again . You know , something so beautiful . So perfect . I still find myself looking up after it rains . We 're ready for you . You shouldn 't have to do too much . Olivia 's gonna do most of the work . One more thing . Have you ever tried LSD ? It 's ... It 's hard to make out . Everything is blurry . But ... I see brick buildings . It 's older , like it 's outside the city . Okay , he 's ... He 's passing a- - a train station . Newburyport , Rockport . Peter , he 's in Salem . All right . Let him know we 're on our way . Salem . Let 's move ! He has a map . He 's looking for something . I can make out people . Young , in their early 20s . Salem Bay University . He 's on campus . Peter , he 's on campus . Go to the university . We need more , Walter . It 's a big campus . What else can you see , dear ? More brick buildings . Nothing specific . Fan out . Nonlethal force only . Agent Bates , with me . He 's looking at his watch . No , it 's a--it 's a timer , and it 's counting down . It 's gonna happen again . He 's gonna trigger another earthquake . He 's in the quad . We got him . Nick Lane ! They got him . But we didn 't stop anything . It 's starting . Seismic activity in Tulsa , Vancouver , Florence , Bogota ... On the news they 're saying that increased solar activity has caused fluctuations in the earth 's magnetic field . Though they 're still baffled by so many quakes happening at exactly the same time . How does David Robert Jones convince 27 Cortexiphan kids to help him destroy the world ? Well , I doubt that was the sales pitch . The tech in that watch isn 't from here . Meaning our side . So it 's safe to assume that Jones is the one that gave it to him . Perhaps we can trace the parts . It 's a long shot , but maybe something will lead us ts . Sure . So I 'll ask what we 're all thinking . If this is indeed how Jones intends to collapse our universes , how many more quakes will it take to make that happen ? Frankly , I 'm surprised it hasn 't already . I 've been called to Washington . They want to discuss shutting off the machine . I 've been inclined to argue that we still have better options , but suddenly I 'm not so sure . Well , I should be the one to interrogate Nick Lane . Maybe I can get him to tell us where David Robert Jones is . What makes you think he 'll do that ? We knew each other . As children . Hello , Nick . Uh , I 'm Olivia Dunham . And we actually knew each other a long time ago . Olive . I remember you . You 're FBI . Of course you are . Nick , for reasons that you may or may not understand , we don 't have a lot of time . I need you to tell me where David Robert Jones is . I can 't do that . - Nick , I- - - I won 't . Olive , I 'm sorry . You don 't have to worry about him . Why don 't I have to worry ? Look , I know they 're watching . But we 're on the same side . Who ? You and me . Remember back when we were kids ? What they prepared us for ? It 's happening . What is happening , Nick ? What they warned us about . The war . And Jones is on our side . That 's why you don 't have to worry about him . He 's protecting us . Oh , no . What ? I think I understand . So you 're- - you 're defending our world , you and the others . I don 't have any contact with the others . We each only speak with Jones . It 's funny . I 'd thought of you . Think I assumed you were working with us . I guess you have been , in a way . I don 't understand . Creating earthquakes ? How is that protecting us ? Well , every war ... has a cost , Olive . Earthquakes are just collateral damage . And you 've seen . They 're not that bad . But the damage on the other side is far worse . It 's almost over . Jones has one more offensive , and the other side will surrender . Okay , listen to me , Nick . Jones has lied to you . Everything that he said . There 's no war . Our two universes are allies now . Our world is helping to heal theirs . But Jones wants to destroy us both . And he 's using you to help him . Where is Jones ? - Hmm . - What ? This resistor is labeled . Might be the only piece of the watch that 's not off market . You 're thinking it could be traceable ? It 's a shot . What 's their take on it ? Closing the bridge . They want to survive . The recovery process will stop . What can you do ? It 's weird to think of never seeing them again . Knowing that they 're right there , so close . It 's not the kind of thing you forget . If the bridge does have to be closed , at least everything goes back to the way it 's supposed to be . Well , almost everything . You mean you . Because you 're from the other universe , but you 're gonna stay here . I 've come to the opinion that home is where the heart is . Did you do that ? No . They 're about to happen again . The quakes . The timer started counting down . Nick , I know what I 'm saying is upsetting you , but just consider for a moment that I 'm right . That means that in less than six hours , everything you know , and everyone you may love will cease to exist . Right now , you 're the only one that can stop that from happening . Everyone I love ? You look good , Olive . You were always the strong one . Me ... I wasn 't ever strong . When my family moved away from Jacksonville , I started having bad thoughts . And when I went to college , it got worse . I thought I was going crazy . And I had to make it stop . But even then , I was a coward . I was afraid that it would hurt . But I had heard that cutting your wrist was ... almost pleasant . Kinda like drifting off to sleep . I had a sister . Kendra . The night I was gonna do it , I had the knife in my hand , and my parents called . Kendra was dead . Slit her wrists in the tub . A reverse empath . That 's what Jones told me I had become . That my emotions were contagious . That is what Walter Bishop and William Bell did to me . A couple years ago , Jones found me . He knew all the old words . He said the truce was broken , that the other side was coming over now , that he needed warriors . He taught me how to control my feelings so I wouldn 't hurt any more people . - Nick- - - No , he taught me how to channel the untapped energy in my brain so I could help protect our world . I know that what Jones told you helped you to make sense of your life , and of what you 've gone through , what we have gone through ... But , Nick , what he told you was a lie . I 've been over there , I 've worked with the other side , and they are not our enemy . Nick . Even if you don 't help us , we still have a way to stop Jones . But that would mean we would have to sever ties with the other side . We would stop healing their world . Now , think of the fate of all those people . All those innocent people . You 're the only person that can help them . This is all the intel we 've managed to collect from Jones 's operation , but none of this tells us where he is . We believe he has a plan to survive when the universes collapse . We believe he 's going to create some sort of safe zone . The eye , the- - the center of the hurricane . And I imagine he would need an incredibly powerful force field . Jones usually came to me . He had me meet him in public places . Never the same place twice . Although ... one time I did meet him at a warehouse . It was filled with a bunch of equipment . Machines I didn 't recognize . Well , do you remember where it was ? Yes . I can take you back there . So what do you think , Nick ? This is it . I remember the frosted windows . All teams move . You hear that ? You think it 's Jones 's safe zone ? Walter did say he 'd need to generate a powerful force field . Hey . It 's okay . No . They 've been in there for too long . Something went wrong . You don 't know that . He lied to me . And I didn 't even question it . Do you know how that feels ? I 'm pathetic . I should have just done it . I should have killed myself . I 'm miserable . Worthless . You feel that , don 't you ? Team Bravo , east wing is clear . We 've got nothing . Team Tango , clear . Team Delta , all clear as well . There 's nothing here . This is just an air conditioning unit . Agent Dunham , we have a problem . I 'm sorry . Suddenly I just got so sad , so mad at myself , I just wanted it to end . I need a medic ! Now ! It 's Nick . He made Tim do it . It was all a lie . Washington has made their decision . They 'll support whatever we decide in this room . According to Nick Lane 's watch , the next wave of earthquakes are due to begin in less than an hour . Okay . In that case ... unless someone can think of an alternative , something we haven 't considered yet ... No . I 'm afraid we have to close the bridge . Ready for me ? Yes , we are . System overload initiated . So what happens now ? We wait for the power to surge . Then we shut it down . Overload at 5 % . How long do you think that 's gonna take ? Not long . I 'll tell the others . This biomechanical interface of yours ... Peter and I figured it out . Back when we thought the machine was the key to his returning home . Back to his timeline . Overload at 10 % . He 's really quite a remarkable boy , Peter . Man , actually . Yes , he is . Smart ... Noble ... Kind ... All the things I would 've wished for him . Would you excuse me for a moment ? Overload at 15 % . I know what you 're afraid of . It occurs to me , so I 'm sure it occurs to you too , that if the machine stops working , Peter may disappear . I believe it may have brought him here . There 's no reason it can 't take him away . 25 years ago , you couldn 't have made this decision . You didn 't . I 've come to accept that he 's not ours . " The universe is change ; our life is what our thoughts make it . " Marcus Aurelius . Philosopher king who survived a war , and spent the rest of his life working for the betterment of his people . Perhaps we will too . We 'll see . Overload at 90 % . Broyles . It 's time . Overload at 91 % . Strange days , huh ? Remember how you said , " Home is where the heart is " ? This might be crazy , but ... Overload at 92 % . I think I found mine . It 's been a pleasure working with you , Lincoln . And getting to be your friend . Overload at 93 % . You know , there 's a lot of things about you that I wish I had . There 's a lot of things about you that I admire . Overload at 94 % . That 's funny . I was about to say the same thing about you . Keep looking up . After it rains . Keep looking up . I will . Overload at 95 % . Thought you could use a little help . I 'm gonna need you to help me find an apartment . Overload at 96 % . Overload at 97 % . Overload at 98 % . Overload at 99 % . Overload at 100 % . That 's it . It 's time . I think I shall miss them ... More than I imagined . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
