 I miss him so , Father . Sometimes times I feel like he 's with me still . It is we who are left behind who have it the hardest . We who feel the pain of loss . It 's those you have past , who have left these woes behind . And gone unto the grace of the Lord . Sometimes he seems to be angry and I 'm afraid . The Deacon will be back soon . He will help guide you in prayer . He 's better at this than I am . Oh , Father . I 'm acting like a silly girl . And here I make you feel inadequate . No need to bother the Deacon . I 'm fine , thanks to you . The people of the neighbourhood to have you , father , as another shepherd to our flock . After what happened to father Christopher , I thought the mission was doomed . Who ? God bless you and keep you , Father . Yes , Mary , and the peace of the Lord be with you . with your guidance , amen . In the name of the father , and of the son , and of the holy spirit , it has been one week , five days , twelve hours and twenty seven minutes since my last confession . What is the nature of your sins ? Mortal . Murder ? I have committed seven acts of murder since my last confession . Three were of the dark three were those who had turned from the path and therefore no longer men . One , one was a simple sinner whom I allowed to meet the final judgement when my actions could have saved his life . I don 't understand , you think what you do is murder ? They were evil . Does he love them any less ? They were bad . Was I any less in killing them ? But , you 're special . As are you . As were they ; before I murdered them . I don 't understand . There 's nothing written for you . no scripture for this . . I um ... what can I possibly do for one such as you ? Hear my confession . I am just a man . Galatians 3 : 28 . I shouldn 't be here . I should get the Deacon . Ah ... I 'm sorry , I 'm ... I 'm not worthy . Nor am I. Will you hear my confession ? I have committed seven acts of murder . I 'm sorry . Lord , with your bright and open heart , forgive me for showing darkness the light . Putting my back to what was right , was wrong , and I have sinned against you . I pray that you accept my penance for I am truly penitent for the acts that I have done . Amen . Why would God bless you so if it were to be sinful ? It is not a blessing . The Deacon told me what you do every night , of every day . These acts , protecting the weak from the evil , they are just . Surely God sees it so . He wouldn 't make you something that is evil by design . I take not the word of God , from the lips of men . I need forgiveness , Father . How long has it been since your last confession ? Four days . . I 'm afraid , father . I don 't think I can do this anymore . It 's getting hard to know ... maybe I ... What is the nature of your sins ? You understand , it 's different . I 'm not even sure I could have stopped it . What is the nature of your sins , Deacon ? I ... I don 't know . - Yes you do , you know what you did . - No Your sins , Deacon , confess , your sins . - Father , forgive me . - There is no forgiveness for what you 've done ! Damn you to eternal hell ! Damn you !
