 The first attacks were three days ago . All we know is their hearts stopped . Previously on Fringe ... Does this remind you of anything ? Biological-mechanical hybrid- - These are different . They 're human . And for whatever reason , they don 't work . Walter ? It 's all right . The area is completely numb . What are you seeing ? A person , a young man . Does he look like this ? Father and son just pulled a man from the middle of Reiden lake . Whoever he is knows a lot of classified information- - Things no one outside this division could possibly know . Olivia . Thank God you 're here . Who are you ? Walter ? Astrid ? Walter ? Walter ? Walter . - What the hell are you doing ? - Sleeping . One syringe has sodium thiopental- - - Well , that sounds- - - It 's a barbiturate , yes . I was going to say " dangerous . " Nonsense . And I have the adrenaline to wake me up . Who sleeps like this ? Well , what choice do I have ? Ah , I 've been haunted for weeks with visions of a strange man . And now the stranger is here in the flesh , in our midst , and no one will let me examine him or even see him . I 'm kept in the dark , knowing nothing . How 's a man supposed to get some rest with all these uncertainties ? Is he talking ? No . He was , but he stopped cooperating with us at the hospital . Broyles moved him to a holding facility in the federal building . Walter , he says that you 're the only one he 'll speak to . Me ? He 's saying that his name is Peter Bishop . He says he 's your son . Hello ? Hi . I thought you said you hated that sweater . I thought I 'd give it a second chance . What 's all this ? Looks like a cyclone went through here . I-I can 't find the electric bill . You okay ? Yeah . You 're probably hungry . I should start dinner . I 'll be right down . Karen ? What are you doing ? Y-your face . Are you sick ? W-what 's wrong with your skin ? K-Karen , what 's- - Your research files- - Are they in the safe ? - What ? - Your files- - Where are they ? Karen ! Dear God . Oh , no . What the hell are you ? I 'm only going to ask this once . Tell me where the files are . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Aah ! What makes you think there 's any basis to his claims ? We were able to obtain a DNA sample from his I.V. at the hospital . There 's a 99.7 % probability that this man is , in fact , related to you . We discovered another universe . There 's no reason that there shouldn 't be more out there we- - We 're yet to find . Logic would dictate that this man could be another version of my- - Another version of Peter from a third universe where he didn 't die as a boy . Walter , people from other universes don 't just show up in your dreams . He asked for my theory . I never claimed it was flawless . In any case , how did he get here ? The only way to find out is to ask him . My thoughts precisely . We prepared a list of questions . This man possesses a lot of classified information about our division and all of us . I want to know how he got it . Look , I 'm- - I 'm fairly sure I 'm not the one best suited to this . You will be fine , Walter . We 'll be listening on the room 's intercom . So , if at any point you want to leave , you just have to say so . Hello , Walter . You don 't know who I am , do you ? I know this must be confusing for you . But something 's happened . And you 're the only person who can help me . What do you want from me ? I need you to help me figure out why no one remembers me , why you don 't remember me . I 'll try . There are two universes- - Ours over here a-and another one that 's just like it , just slightly different . The other universe is dying . And because they 're interconnected , ours is dying as well . How does he know all this ? So you built a machine to save us , to form a bridge between the two worlds so that we could work together to heal them both . And you created it so that I was the power source . Only I could activate it , but you told me that when I did , there would be consequences . There is a machine , but I didn 't build it . I don 't know who you are , what your agenda is , or why you you claim to be my son . Do you have a son , Walter ? You and Elizabeth- - Did you have a son ? Yes . He died ... A long time ago , when he was just a boy . And then you found another version of him in the other universe . And he was dying , too . So you crossed over to save him . Yes . But I couldn 't . What do you mean you couldn 't ? That lake where we crossed over was frozen . The ice broke . We fell through . I tried to hold on to him ... But he drowned . The observer didn 't pull us out of the lake that night ? Well , that must be it , Walter . What 's an observer ? It all makes sense now . That has to be what happened . I was supposed to die that night in both universes , but when I didn 't , I became a paradox , and now , for the two worlds to heal , I had to be deleted . But if I 'm already dead in both universes , then why am I here ? How am I back ? Something 's gone wrong , Walter . Something 's happened . We 're finished here . Take me back to my lab . Please , I 'd like to go now ! - No , please , I need your help . Walter- - - I want to leave ! Walter , I need your help . You have to help me figure out what went wrong . If I 'm not supposed to be here , then how am I back ? Dunham . Where are you ? You want to tell me why you dragged me to a robbery-homicide ? Victim 's skin is translucent . Since Robert 's murder , I 've been keeping up with local police bulletins , looking for anything that came across the wire with a similar MO . See , I thought we killed the last of these things - at the train yards . - Apparently not . Her heart was stopped , same as the others . I think the shapeshifter took on the wife 's form to get access to the home . I ran background on the victims . You are standing in the home of Dr. Malcolm Truss ... A research scientist who worked at Massive Dynamic in their biotech department . Left the company 10 years ago . Huh . Interesting . He was tortured , so he must have known something the shapeshifter wanted . There 's grease under his fing- - Fingernails . Yeah , I know . Not too many bio-scientists work at garages . So this is ... Mrs. Truss ' unlucky boyfriend , Donald Kellen . Dr. Truss doesn 't live here anymore . They separated a few years ago , but the house is still in his name . So the shapeshifter came here looking for Truss , didn 't find him , which means it 's still looking . Problem is , we can 't find him either . After they separated , uh , Dr. Truss went off the grid . We 're still trying to pull an address for him . Well , we should hurry on that . ♪ Oh , baby ♪ ♪ what you gonna do ♪ ♪ when the water 's all gone ? ♪ ♪ tell me , baby ♪ Hey , Sebastian . Malcolm Truss ? You 're Dr. Malcolm Truss ? You worked at Massive Dynamic , correct ? Okay , look , I-I-I don 't know who you are , young lady , but I suggest you leave . You are trespassing on priv- - I 'm gonna need your help . Hey , Olivia . This photo , the girl with the riding ribbon- - - Is that you ? - Yeah . Okay . You- - You 're gonna have to do better than that . Why does Nina Sharp have your photo in her office ? After our mother died , my sister and I were due to go into the foster system . Instead , Nina pulled some strings , and ... We went to live with her . So the acting c.E.O. Of one of the richest companies in ... The world was your nanny ? Something like that . Sorry to keep you waiting . Nina Sharp . You must be Agent Lee . Phillip tells me that you 're a very welcome addition to our team . Lincoln . It 's nice to meet you . Phillip also told me about the man claiming to be Peter Bishop . How 's Walter handling it ? Not very well . Oh , well , that 's unfortunate . Is there anything I can do to help ? I don 't think so . Uh , we 're here on a different matter , though . Dr. Malcolm Truss ? He used to work for Massive Dynamic , but he left the company maybe ten years ago . The name doesn 't ring a bell . Let 's see what we can find . Ah , I remember Dr. Truss- - Graduated MIT in ' 82 , came to work for us in 1993 , left in 2001 . What kind of projects was he working on ? Well , several . Perhaps if you told me why you 're interested in him , I might be a better help . He was abducted from his house in Vermont this morning , and we think a shapeshifter was responsible . A shapeshifter ? But what would a shapeshifter want with Malcolm Truss ? We were hoping you could tell us . There was one project Malcolm was working on- - Cellular replication . It was designed to help patients with extensive tissue damage- - Burn victims , cancer patients , amputees . It copied the genetic data of the healthy cells of the patient and used it to replace the damaged ones . Malcolm was in charge of it . And did it work ? No , he never had a chance to find out . William shut the project down , citing ethical concerns . Ethical concerns ? Yes . But I only bring it up because the project was based on copying human tissue . Kind of like shapeshifting . Hmm . There are people who think very highly of your work and you . What people ? You don 't know them , but they know you . They share your vision . They will pay you to continue your research . You always bring a gun to a business proposal ? I couldn 't take the chance you 'd say no . - We need your help . - Help with what ? I don 't know what you 're hoping to find in those files . That work never went anywhere . It 's useless . I was terminally ill . Stage four melanoma when they came to me . Cellular replication ? They did it ? The cancer went into complete remission . It was a miracle ... At least for a while . But the procedure didn 't fully take . The cells- - They aren 't stable . My cancer is gone , but ... I 'm still dying . There are no files . - What ? - It 's all up here . I 'll do it , Nadine . I 'll help you . But just so you know , I-I don 't do my best work at gunpoint . Walter said the shapeshifters that we encountered at the train yards weren 't able to complete their shifts , that they were flawed . And this has to do with Dr. Truss how ? Uh , well ... The , uh , cellular replication project he was working on ... They might require his expertise . So you 're suggesting Malcolm Truss was kidnapped so the shapeshifter could perfect itself . If the shapeshifter needs Malcolm to fix itself , then they need equipment- - Medical supplies- - Which means they 're on the move . Malcolm 's car was missing from his home . We put the , uh , plates and car 's make out to local PD . Well , if the shapeshifter 's flawed , then it might have something to do with the tech Dr. Bishop pulled from inside the two we killed at the train yard . Maybe that 's what 's malfunctioning . I checked with tech services . They don 't even know what the device is , the purpose it serves- - They 're memory disks . I 've seen them before . Those devices you 're talking about , they 're memory disks . What do you know about shapeshifters ? Quite a lot , actually . Enlighten me . Well , I know if you shoot them in the head , - they bleed Mercury . - Those are the old ones . What about the new ones- - The human shapeshifters ? The what ? They 're prototypes , human hybrids . Tell us about the memory disks . Look , they 're a lot more than that , actually . The disks are divided up into three different partitions- - Cognitive functions , biochemical functions , and mission objective . And you know all this how ? Because I 've decrypted a couple of them myself . If you 've decrypted their tech before , you think you could do it again ? I 'll ask the questions , Agent Lee . We 've been sitting on this tech for weeks . Our people aren 't able to crack it . What 's the harm in letting him try ? You about done ? Lincoln has a point . What is the harm in letting me try ? What is it that you 're after ? You 're obviously not doing this out of the goodness of your heart , so what is it that you want ? I just want to talk to Walter again . Well , we tried that already . In case you didn 't notice , it didn 't go so well . I don 't see the point in letting you upset him again . I 'm sorry about that . I was talking to him like he was the man that I knew , which clearly he is not . He 's different , just like you are . But I need his help . And you need mine . Anyone have a better idea ? I 'll see what I can do . I hope you have money . You 're bleeding . You should wash up . I 'll take care of this . I told you I would help you , Nadine . I meant it . She 's adorable . Is that your little girl ? Yes ... My daughter , Hayley . That 's a pretty name . Karen , my wife ... She always wanted kids . I was too busy with work . And when that ended , I guess I was just too angry to think about what she wanted . Still ... I guess I 'm hoping that one day she 'll let me be a part of her life again . Dispatch , this is Sierra 2-4 . I think I 've got a visual on that stolen plate they put the bolo out on , over . Go ahead , Sierra 2-4 . Plate reads Five , Lima , Tango , three , one , six . - Over . - Yeah , that 's the plate . Be advised , Sierra 2-4 , the suspect is armed and dangerous . Stand down and wait for backup , over . Roger that- - Waiting for backup . Sierra 2-4 out . And , uh , $ 20 on pump 2 . Ready ? Yep . Okay , our mystery man is all set up with the device we got off the shapeshifter . And I requisitioned all of the equipment he asked for . And do you think that he 's confident he can do something with it ? He seems pretty confident , in general . Olivia ... I may have only met you a few weeks ago , but I think I know you well enough to know that this guy 's gotten to you . You didn 't ask me to take him that tech because you had a dentist appointment . He was in my dreams , and now he 's here . I-I-I can ... Maybe understand why he would be in Walter 's head , if he 's some iteration of his son , but ... Why mine ? Okay , we got a hit on Malcolm Truss' plates- - Two hours from here , Rutland , Vermont . Truss comes in at 11 : 53 A.M. , pays for his gas in cash , alone . Not exactly the behavior of someone being held against their will . Seems more like an accomplice . Unless he doesn 't know he 's with a shapeshifter . The people I work for built this lab according to the specifications in your file . Automated tissue microarrayer , blood gas analyzer , centrifuges . I think you 'll find we 've got everything you 'll need . This is amazing . The artificial tissue has adapted ... Remarkably well . Considering the extent of the grafting , it 's lucky your body didn 't reject it . The fact that you 're even alive is nothing short of a miracle . Then I suppose that would make you a miracle-worker . After all , the grafts were based on your research . I never thought I 'd say this , but ... I wish William Bell were alive ... Just so he could see you . I truly believed that the work that we were doing was going to change the world . And just like that ... Bell shut down the project . And all he could say was , " some things are not ours to tamper with . " Some things ... Are God 's . " One man shouldn 't stand in the way of progress , not even William Bell . Well , the good news is I found the source of the cellular degeneration . Uh , your genome isn 't fully propagating - through the artificial tissues . - Can you fix it ? I had hoped this day would come . Yes , I can . Hello , Walter . Nina . I 'm probably the last person in the world you want to see right now . But Olivia said you weren 't doing so well . This man claiming to be your son , Walter ... If there was ever a time to try to get past our differences , it seemed like now . I 'm fine . The man is a scientific anomaly , nothing more . Walter , you 're making Peter 's favorite dessert . I find that baking custard calms me . Seeing this man has brought up many things I 've tried to forget . That night at the lake , you begged me to stop , but I couldn 't . I couldn 't watch Peter die , not again . I couldn 't stand by and do nothing . - Walter- - - I 've hated you . For 25 years , I hated you . Had you not been there , the vial wouldn 't have been broken , and I would 've healed Peter on the other side . He wouldn 't have fallen through the ice . I blamed you for the death of my son . I blamed you . I couldn 't live with myself ... Because you were right . I 'd crossed the line . For the sake of one life , I destroyed two worlds . And over the years , I 've come to terms with the fact that I deserve to be punished ... - To suffer . - No . Walter , you 're not that man anymore . I 've watched you . Working with the Fringe Division , you 've done everything in your power to heal the damage . I saw him , Nina ... The man . I saw my boy in that man 's eyes . The way he looked that night in the ice ... Floating away from me . God help me , I ... Saw the eyes of my boy in a man 's face . That filled me with ... Indescribable joy . But I don 't deserve joy . For anyone else , this would be received as a miracle- - To get a glimpse of their dead son . Why should I be rewarded for what I 've done ? Because maybe you 've suffered enough . No , I can 't explain it , Walter . I don 't know why he 's here . I don 't know where he came from . But maybe you 've just been given a second chance . I was told you found something . It 's a DNA sequence . Meaning what exactly ? Meaning I found six distinct genetic profiles on that memory from the shapeshifter tech . Apparently these things are able to switch between every single identity they 've ever taken , not just one . That 's gonna make it a lot more difficult to find them . No , it 's gonna make them impossible to find . The new , improved models do a lot more than just take on the appearance of another person . They replicate their victims down to the molecular level , including every last strand of DNA . You 're saying these shapeshifters will be completely indistinguishable from whoever they 're impersonating ? They 're the perfect infiltrators . By transforming their DNA , they can become anyone . They perfect this technology , and they can get close to us . They could replace any one of us . And short of performing surgery to find those memory disks , you would have absolutely no way of knowing . Okay . You should lie back . You may feel a little nauseous . Nadine ? What the hell ? What is it ? Why do you look like my wife ? You said you were going to help me , Malcolm , and you will . Get me Broyles , now . Progress ? This thing 's broadcasting some kind of signal . To who ? That 's just the problem . I can 't break the high-grade encryption without a significant increase in CPU cycles . Meaning ? I need a bigger computer . Just like old times ... Sort of . How long is this gonna take ? Not long at all . Those are coordinates . To what ? Could you pull me up a map of the city ? So what do luxury cars and shapeshifters have in common ? They both have LoJack systems apparently . You 're saying these things have- - Have tracking devices ? Yeah , I think whoever 's in charge wants to keep an eye on his agents . That 's t one that you guys have here . The one we just hooked up . But there are actually two different sets of coordinates - being broadcast . - That 's by the port . I think you just found our shapeshifter . For the time being . But whoever 's monitoring that network , they 're going to know that I breached it . They can shut down our access at any time . We should move . How did you do that ? Why did you look like my wife ? My offer was sincere ... To continue your research with people who 'd provide the resources to complete your work . What people ? Why did you look like my wife ? Malcolm , it 's not important right now . Why did you look like my wife ? Malcolm ... Great progress requires great sacrifice . Your work created me . Malcolm , you need to step back and see things objectively as a scientist . You let go of Karen long ago for a greater purpose . Don 't let that all be for nothing . I 'm offering you something precious ... An opportunity to take back what William Bell took from you- - Your legacy . It may be possible ... To alter the compound ... To accommodate ... Multiple genomes . How ? We need to induce a state of permanent hyper-replication . Ah ! What are you doing ? I am adding a bonding agent . I 'm familiar enough with biochemistry to know that restriction enzymes would fragment my DNA and trigger a massive internal hemorrhage . Ah ! Finish what you started . I won 't ask again . Okay , we 'll take front . You go on my signal . How much longer ? Five minutes for the centrifugation process . And then we 'll know if the serum 's complete . Team one in position . Team two in position . On your go . I got her . Oh , my God . She 's headed to the roof . Okay . This is Agent Dunham . Agent Warrick is down . We need paramedics on the roof now . She jumped . Mr. Truss ? Agent Olivia Dunham . Uh , I understand that it 's been a long day . We 're just going to need to get a statement from you . And then an agent will take you home . What that ... Thing said about Karen ... It 's true , isn 't it ? She 's dead ? H.P.D. found your wife in her home this morning . I 'm so sorry . It 's my fault . " Some things are not ours to tamper with . " Excuse me ? It 's something someone said to me once . I didn 't understand it at the time . But I do now . Dunham ! Excuse me . The dive team- - They just found a body . That 's not our shapeshifter . That 's Agent Warrick . Get dispatch on the line . We need all available units on that ambulance now . Agent Dunham , I have those hourlies you asked for . Thank you , Jill . I sent the reports to Broyles , so all the paperwork is done . Thanks . We 're gonna find her , Lincoln . I mean , look at how much more we know now than we did this morning . Yeah . Do you want to go get a bite to eat or something ? No . Uh , thank you . I , um- - I 'm going to head back to the hotel . Good night . Night . Agent Dunham , I have those hourlies that you asked for . Uh ... Didn 't we already do this ? I 'm sorry ? You already gave me the fi- - Agent Dunham , are you all right ? Yeah . Just a little tired , I think . Thank you . Are they feeding you ? Yeah . Walter , I know how strange this all is , how hard it must be for you , but I don 't know what to do . Nobody remembers me here . Olivia looks at me like I 'm a stranger , like she 's afraid of me . I know what you 're capable of . I need your help , Walter , to fix this . Every day ... For the past 25 years ... I 've tried to imagine what you would look like as a man ... My son . But I don 't deserve this . I don 't deserve you . I realize now this was my punishment . You were sent to tempt me , to see if I would repeat the mistakes of the past . You shouldn 't be here . Walter , no . Wherever you came from , however you got here , it doesn 't matter . I can 't help you . Walter , you don 't understand . I tried to help a boy , a version of my son , 25 years ago . But that boy was never my son ... And neither are you .
