 Previously on Touch ... Her name is Abigail Kelsey . She says she 's Jake 's aunt . I brought something for Jake . It 's my company 's latest computer tablet . The numbers your son gives you ... He found the Amelia Sequence . Clea worked with her for years . You know her . I saw her on security footage the day Teller died . You lied to me , Clea . - What 's wrong ? - I 'm off Jake 's case . Symmetry is the language of the universe . It is written in mathematical language , and the letters are triangles , circles , and other geometrical figures , without which it is humanly impossible to comprehend a single word . But some of us can speak it . We see the precise patterns , the tessellations . Those geometric shapes ... rotated and reflected infinitely repeated . And when you speak the language , follow the logic . You can predict the next step . You just have to trust in where the path leads . Hey , buddy , slow down , okay ? Excuse me . Hey , buddy , let me help you with that . There . Hey , look , there 's the Brooklyn Bridge . Your mom and I used to walk across it on the weekends . Go to this little place , get Italian ices . We should do that sometime . I bet they 've got an orange flavor . Here , let me show you . Look , there . Tilt up . Jake , come on . Here ... Just look . Guess not . 25-45 ... - There 's my little man . - Hey . Hey , Jake , it 's Auntie Abigail . Thank you for coming . Sure . Actually , I was surprised to get your call . Well , with everything that 's happened , I think it 's high time we put our personal feelings behind us , if for nothing else , for Jake 's sake . I couldn 't agree more . I got this for you to give to him . He liked it a minute ago . Please . Hey , Jake . This is for you . - Sarah 's hair ... - Yeah . I know she wants you to know him . We can 't keep fighting like this . It 's not fair to Jake . You 're the only other family he has . It 's about time I started treating you like that . I know it . I 'm sorry . - If something happened to me ... - I 'd be there . - You know that I would . - I know . The thing is , it might not matter anymore . The state seems pretty intent on carting Jake off to some facility that they think better suits his needs . Yeah , well , I 'm not going to let that happen . Then help me stop them . Please . I have to go before the review board soon . I 'm going to need all the help I can get . What do you propose ? Well , for starters , your company . Aster Corps ? They 're funding a program for Jake 's board and care center , right ? They took Jake 's social worker off his case , a girl name Clea Hopkins . Jake really bonded with her . Her testimony 's going to be vital to maintain the custody . I need it reinstated . I was hoping that maybe you could pull some strings . Of course . I 'll make the call . Thank you . _ _ _ Hey . Hey . How 'd it go with Abigail ? She took the olive branch . Why wouldn 't she ? She knows I 'm desperate . - So , she 'll do it then ? - Already did . Called someone on the board . They 're calling her supervisor now . Can 't imagine Sheri will be too pleased . Buddy , be careful with that , okay ? Is Abigail still petitioning for guardianship ? I 've managed to convince her to focus on stopping the state from taking custody of Jake . When that 's done , I 'm sure she 'll want to duke it out with me . She may surprise you . I doubt it . In the meantime , she 's proving to be a useful ally . How is it exactly Aster - has such sway with them ? - Money talks . Wait a second ... 25-45 . That 's the same number that Jake was trying to get me focus on down at the pier . Damn it . Why would a shipping company give Teller $ 10,000 ? For services rendered . Mobius . They were the ones funding his research . Shipping ? But I thought you said he was doing developmental studies with children ? That 's what I thought . It seems your son there wants to get your attention . If I were you , I 'd follow his lead . We are . What do you think we 're doing here ? It 's what I 've been telling you . Your son is trying to right an imbalance in the world to actualize the divine potential . What do you mean " divine " ? It 's just a theory . It 's a pretty big theory . Why don 't we just let Jake be an 11-year-old kid for now , okay ? Clearly he 's not . Either way , your son is trying to tell you something . Oh , my God . This was the logo that was on the shipping containers that we saw this morning . This address- - this is where Jake wants me to go . Wait . You need to take him back to board and care first . You signed him out . You 're right . Okay , I 'll call you as soon as I find out anything . You ready to go , buddy ? I 'll run home , grab my files ; then head over there . Okay . Hello ? ! Hello ? ! H ... Empty . Damn it . 25-45 . Come on ... You Glen 's cousin , Mike ? Almost thought you weren 't going to show . Is that your truck ? Of course it 's his truck , Joey . I 'm Ed . Hey . Mike . This here 's Larry . I 'm sure your cuz told you about Joey . It 's all there- - everything you told us to bring . All right , here 's your walkie . Channel 5 . The security 's about to change shifts . Once we get to the high-line , we got 15 minutes to pop the can and load up the truck . Testing . Never can be too careful , right ? Our boss , Nelson , the terminal supervisor , has been moving hot merch through these docks for months . But word is he 's got some valuable cargo coming through today . Usually , it 's electronics ... flatscreens , computers . One pallet could be worth 400-500 thou easily . Idea is we liberate a few from behind his back . It 's already stolen so , victimless crime , right ? As long as it gets back at Nelson for screwing over Joey . The plan good with you , boss ? A job 's a job . Cans should be under the hook by now . Step on it . We 're looking for a ship with the IMO number ending in 2545 . 2545 , I got it . _ _ _ Tomer , what if your father sees ? Ah , he 's too busy reading the paper and worrying . What is that look ? Tomer , I really like you , but ... What are we doing ? How far can this go ? _ You 're a dreamer . _ 'Cause your people kill my people and my people kill your people . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Okay , Jake , now you finish the pattern . Have him do it again . Are you sure ? Just have him do it again . Sheri ? Clea , you 're back early . We just can 't seem to keep you away , can we ? No rest for the weary . Really weren 't expecting you back till tomorrow . Thought I 'd take advantage , get a head start . Never know what I might have missed while I was gone . What 's this ? Just some toys from one of our behavioral kits . Jake seemed to like them . Hey , Jake , how are you ? Can I speak to you in private , please ? If it were my decision , you 'd be serving out your suspension . I appreciate your honesty . I can only hope that the time away gave you a chance to reevaluate the dangers in letting personal feelings cloud your judgment . I want what you want , Sheri , and that 's what 's best for Jake . We 're doing group play at the park after lunch . I 'll be there . Cousin Avram . Did my friend Moshe sell you the ring ? Um , no , it did not work out . But I told him you were family , that he should make you a good deal . It 's not that . He did not approve of the girl I am in love with . The Palestinian . You say it like she has horns . You already know how I feel , but the Torah says judgment belongs only to God , so we 'll leave it at that . I call my friend Moshe , huh ? I get you that ring . Toda , my cousin . How long before the fence can get us our money ? You do have a fence , right ? 'Cause the whole reason Glenn set us up with you was ' cause you knew the right people . Ed , cool it . Depends on what we get . What the hell ? The ship was supposed to be here by now . Where is it ? Customs . What are they doing here ? Maybe someone snitched on Nelson . What do we do now ? _ Are you doing something right now ? I mean , of course you are doing something , but what I meant was , if you 're not too busy ... Tomer , I just found out , it 's my brother Fadi . He got swept up in a raid last night . Are you surprised ? Tomer , I swear to you , he is innocent of what they say . A man came to the store . He said that my brother has a message for me and only for me . The guards- - I 'm Palestinian- - they won 't let me in . You want me to smuggle out a message from a prisoner ? Tomer , it 's my brother . If they catch me , I 'll go to prison for years . And what if he 's a ... ? What if what ? What if he really is a terrorist ? That 's what you were going to say , isn 't it ? _ _ I 'm sorry about your brother , but what you are asking of me is very dangerous . Just this morning I asked you , how far can this go ? A Palestinian and a Jew . Well , now I have my answer . I radioed receiving . They said Customs ordered additional inspections on the vessel . The superintendent 's holding up the process by rerouting the ship to another dock . Nelson knows Customs is on to him . Maybe he thinks he can hide the shipment till Customs loses interest . You 've got to go talk to Nelson . Find out where he 's sending that ship so we don 't lose our window . Why me ? He knows you guys . Look , you 're the truck driver . We just move the cargo , and if it 's late , Nelson 'd just tell us to be happy with the OT . If he sees Joey back here , he 's gonna lose it . - Why ? - ' Cause I was fired . What ? Look , you 're the trucker . You just go in there and talk to him . Find out where 2545 is headed . Fine . What 's with this guy ? I don 't know . You Nelson ? I 'm looking for my cargo . What do you want , a gold star or something ? Look , I 'm supposed to be in Atlanta tonight . I should have been on the road over an hour ago . What 's the ship 's IMO ? 2545 . There a problem ? No , no problem . Just the usual drama . Customs wants to go over the ship with a fine-tooth comb . Ship 's on its way to Pier C. Thank you . Martin , what 's going on ? Is Jake there with you ? Yeah , I just saw him . I walked in on Sheri giving him a behavioral test with numbered blocks . I 'd never seen it used before , but I recognize it from Teller 's office . When Jake was taking the test , did any numbers stand out ? Did he try and show you any numbers ? Yeah , the same ones as this morning , 25 and 45 . 25 and 45 , damn it . Why , what is it ? Every time I 've followed the numbers for Jake , they 've led me in the right direction . This time it 's something illegal . It 's gonna be pretty hard to explain at the hearing , don 't you think ? Then don 't do it . Just come back . I can 't . If running down these numbers for Jake stops him from feeling pain , then I have to follow them . I don 't have a choice . I got to go . Martin ? Hey . Had to make a phone call . Glenn called . Big Mike . He got arrested last night . So who the hell are you ? - Ed , Ed , Ed , Ed . - What ? Enough , enough . Are you a cop ? No , I told you . I 'm just trying to help my son . Joey . What are you doing ? We 're just messing around with the new guy . Isn 't that right ? First day initiation . Have we met before ? You look familiar . No , I don 't think so . What are you doing here ? The doctor said you weren 't supposed to drive . Would you please ... ? You forgot your lunch when you left for work this morning . I 'm supposed to let my husband starve to death ? I 'm $ 40 short on my prescriptions . I didn 't know what else to do . Remember , the doctor said I shouldn 't skip a day . Baby , I 'm sorry . I-I thought I left it on the table this morning . I just wish you would get some rest . Let me walk you to your car . Hey , I 'm a big girl . Enjoy your lunch . I made your favorite . Pastrami on rye ? You better believe it . What 'd you bring me ? Screw you , Larry . You had a chance . Why didn 't you run ? Why didn 't you say something ? I know this is gonna sound crazy . I think I 'm supposed to help you . You and your wife . _ _ Your sister asked me to come . She say you have a urgent message . My sister ? I 'm in love with her . Why else would I be here ? A friend needed to escape the country . He was in fear for his family 's life . I helped to arrange safe passage out of Israel . But I was arrested before I could complete my task . If this message is not communicated tonight they will all die . Why did he need to escape Israel ? The army was hunting him ? Does it really matter what side he 's on ? We 're all victims of these circumstances . Are we not ? What is the message ? 9808 has changed . It is now 2545 . I don 't understand . You don 't need to . - You just need to remember the numbers . - How do I not know you 're having me deliver a terrorist message , huh ? 9808 has become 2545 . _ _ Tell my sister ... Tell her to wish Mikhail happy birthday . Tonight . She must call tonight ! She must call Mikhail tonight ! So , did you get the ring ? I-I told Moshe to give you a good deal , huh ? It was a fair price , Avram . It just did not go as planned . Kabbalah teaches that numbers have certain meanings , yes ? Yes . There are writings on numerology in Kabbalah . Whether there is any truth there , you have to decide that for yourself . Uh , I have been given a message to relay . I do not know if it will be used for good or for evil . What of the numbers 9808 becoming 2545 ? Nine is strife and anger ; eight represents death and decay . Eights you don 't want , huh ? Two , on the other hand , stands for attraction , emotional strength . Four is connected to Venus , which is , of course , the planet of love . Five is strength and wisdom . So , 9808 becoming 2545 ... Yeah , I would say that 's very good news , Tomer . Thank you , my cousin . Mm . I need to ask you something , and I 'd appreciate a straight answer . Ask , ask , ask . Do you know what these are ? Teller 's playthings . The five Platonic solids . Plato theorized that these were the very building blocks of life itself . Each shape corresponds to a classical element . Fire , earth , air , water , ether . Yes . The dodecahedron . 12 sides for the 12 Zodiac signs our sun passes through in a year . It 's said to represent the universe itself , which is why Teller selected it . Where did you get this ? My supervisor . She had Jake playing with it . They were part of a method that Teller developed to measure the individual 's sensitivity to the noospherical connections . Meaning what ? I believe Teller was searching for the Lamed-Vav . The 36 righteous ones you were telling Martin about . So , this was some kind of litmus test to identify the 36 ? A test that ultimately failed . Failed to work , or failed because of who was tested ? Amelia , the girl that was his patient- - is that who Teller used this test on ? Poor girl- - they ... They pushed her beyond her limits . Teller blamed himself , and you know how that story ends . Do you think my supervisor is trying to test if Jake is one of these 36 ? I can 't answer that . But the question you should be asking yourself is , why does she want to know ? Because she 's taking orders . There was a camera . Someone else was watching . I 've got to find out who was on the other side of that computer . My wife is sick . That 's why I couldn 't tell her that I got fired . Last year she was diagnosed with MS. She 's got to take meds , give herself shots , go to physical therapy . My insurance was supposed to take care of it all . Instead , Nelson fired him . Insurance company complained it was costing too much money . He 's the superintendent , the guy we 're supposed to be taking our grievances to . He 's got friends all the way up the food chain , so , he 's got us all over the barrel . I tried to keep it a secret for a while till I got a job , but there 's no work . I got two kids and a mortgage . I can only stretch that unemployment check so far . Look , none of this explains who the hell you are and why you 're here . If I tried to explain it to you , you wouldn 't believe me . But I am supposed to help you . How do I know I can trust you ? You don 't . Sometimes in life , you 're just supposed to take a leap of faith and hope you land on your feet . Besides , I 'm the only one who knows where that ship 's going . You need me . Let 's take a look . Patrol was at lunch before . Nelson told you the right pier , but we missed our window . How are we gonna get past security now ? I 'll get the container 's location from the checker . We just got to do something to keep security occupied while we bring the truck in . I 'm on it . - Come on . - What ? Did Sheri and the kids already leave ? Yes , they did . I forgot my tablet . What are you doing here ? Just looking for a DSS directory . Someone must have snagged mine off my desk when I was gone . Well , you can have it . Next time , just ask . We 're on our way out . Wouldn 't miss it for the world . Checker says the containers just got offloaded . New location . Row F , container number 9808 . Copy that . 9808 , Row F. - Are you kidding me ? - No , no . I 'm sorry . I 'm ... Let 's go . We 'll meet you at the container . Copy that . All right , we 'll just keep going straight . What do you want me to do ? I don 't know . What the hell is going on ? Pull over here . 9808 's right around the corner . We 're too late . You copy ? We 're too late . It 's over . Hold on . Hold on . It 's not 9808 . We got the wrong container . All right , we 're coming back to you . Let 's go . So , half the Coast Guard don 't wear the look . Mike was arrested . Maybe he rolled over on us . They don 't use a tactical team to open a container of contraband electronics . Something else is going on here . Either way . The container we 're looking for is buried - somewhere in the stacks . - Hey . Where 's Joey ? The bag is gone . Joey 's got the gun . We 'll check the stacks . You check the high-line . What 's the high-line ? Just along the water . Okay , fine . Who wants to play a fun game ? Okay , now this game records your location in the real world . Everybody get up and spread out . Now , the object of the game is to go the longest without crossing anyone else 's lines . If you do , you 're out . The other rule is you must stay inside the red boundary . Let 's do it . Everyone go slow at first , please . Come on , Jake . Don 't you want to try ? That test you were taking , someone else was watching . Slow down . I said slow down , please . Help me get them back inside . Thank you , Jake . Hey , wait up . - This ain 't your problem . - If you stop right now , it won 't be anybody else 's problem , either . Come on , Joey , what are you gonna do with the gun ? There 's a safe in the office . - We 'll see how Nelson feels taking orders for once . - This is crazy . You 're a good man in a bad situation . Please , let me just try and help you . How you gonna do that , huh ? I 'm all ears . I don 't know yet , but if you do this , it 's just gonna make things worse . What about your wife , your kids ? Who the hell do you think I 'm doing this for ? Now , get out of my way . _ _ Kamilah , wait . I need to know something ; who 's Mikhail ? We have to call him and deliver a message . Lives are at stake . _ I saw your brother . You saw Fadi ? You did that for me ? I don 't know where the message goes . All Fadi said was to wish Mikhail a happy birthday . Do you have any idea what this means ? We have an uncle named Mikhail . He lives in America . That must be what he was talking about . Only one way to find out . What am I supposed to do ? Hello ? What ? Uncle Mikhail , is that you ? This is Mike 's phone . 9808 has changed . It is now 2545 ; 9808 is now 2545 . Hello ? Hello ? What was that ? It was a call meant for Mike . Larry , Ed , I 've got Joey . We 've been looking for the wrong container . We should be looking for 2545 . Do you copy ? That 's the same number as the ship . Hold on . I 'll check . Yes , it 's all the way down at the end of row L. Copy that . We 're on our way . That 's over here . There . Damn it . Please , you must help us . Oh , my God . - Can I get you anything ? Water , coffee ? - Answers . I 'll try my best . I believe you 're familiar with the work of Professor Arthur Teller , the late Arthur Teller . The name rings a bell . His focus was child development and mathematics , specifically , number sequences . He developed one test in particular that expressed highly complex hidden patterns using geometric forms . That test was used on one of his research subjects . A young girl named Amelia . I believe it caused her irreparable brain damage . I 'm sorry . I have an appointment . What does this have to do with me ? Today I walked in on my supervisor , Sheri Strepling , giving that same test to your nephew . And she wasn 't alone . Sheri had a computer set up so that someone could observe Jake . A man from Aster Corps . You keep saying you have Jake 's best interests at heart , but this whole time , the company you work for has had a target on his head . The dodging , the double-speak- - it stops now . I 'm live at the Red Hook Container Terminal ... Actually , I don 't really work here . I was just helping out for the day . The real hero is that guy over there , Joey . ... Palestinian stowaways seeking political asylum . Left in a container for days with little food or water , they owe their lives to longshoreman and Brooklyn native , Joseph Deluca . Joseph , in your own words , tell us what happened . Uh , uh , I heard banging coming from inside the container , so , uh , we busted the lock , and , uh , - we saw them ... - Please , ma 'am , stand back , stand back . I 'm sorry . Excuse me just for one second . It 's all right . It 's all right . She 's his wife . Okay , you can go . Joey ? Oh , i-it 's my wife . I 'm sorry . Thank you . It 's all over the news . Um , honey , I got to tell you something . I lost my job . I got fired . Yeah , about two weeks ago . It 's all right , baby . It 's okay . Look , I swear to you by all that 's holy , I didn 't know what the merchandise was . I don 't ask questions . Well , maybe you should 've . I used to be a reporter ; I know exactly how this is gonna play out . Those charges you were facing- - racketeering and smuggling ? They just got bumped up to human trafficking . You honestly want to take the fall for the people that are really responsible for this ? Look , if you 're asking me to roll over , that ain 't gonna happen . They know where I live , all right ? I got kids . You go public with this , they can 't touch you . Look , I 'll give you the name of a reporter I know from The Herald . Rush Middleton . There 's his number . You tell him I told you to give him a call . The only way he gets an exclusive with you is if he helps you out with one of their lawyers . You cut a deal with the D.A. , you tell them everything you know that 's going on down here , you 'll most likely walk . You don 't owe me anything . Why are you doing this ? I need a favor . I want you to give Joey his job back . Joey 's wife is sick ; she needs medical care . Trying to give you a chance to do the right thing here . We 're all part of this infinite tessellation , each a single cellin the honeycomb . And though individual pieces of this puzzle may never physically touch they all form part of that same grand mosaic . Like bricks in a wall , the whole is made stronger by each brick . Remove one , and it all comes crumbling down . Though we may not realize it , the integrity of this wall is tested daily . But the wall holds because of everyone 's collective support . Martin . What is it ? What 's wrong ? Aster Corps . They 're continuing Teller 's research . First it was Amelia . Now they 're after Jake .
