 The escalator is infested with nanites , and the longer they 're in the bloodstream , the more sensitive they become . Causing them to spontaneously combust . Previously on Fringe ... Am I gonna die ? Jessica , I just want you to focus on me , okay ? Okay . Walter , what just happened to me ? Cortexiphan has given you certain kinetic powers . Jones ! I knew that Jones ' plan was too ingenious , that it had to have come from Bell . He--he 's alive , Nina . I 'll prove it to you . Walter ? What are you folk doing here , really ? Walter , come on ! Oh , love ! I 'm not sure I ever thought I would see you again . Hello , old friend . The Bible tells us God created his universe in seven days . It 's taken me considerably longer . Beautiful . Isn 't it ? Well , I can 't wait for you to see the real thing . It 's going to be magnificent . As soon as I finish making it . William , you can 't do this . You can 't . It 's done , Walter . The final piece has been set into motion . I couldn 't stop it now if I wanted to . And I don 't . As scientists , we 're taught that fate is nothing more than the convergence of a set of probabilities into one potential outcome , that there 's no such thing as divine intervention . And yet I 'd be lying if I said that the circumstances that brought you here to witness this with me , my trusted colleague , my dearest friend , didn 't feel like the hand of God . There was nothing divine about it . I found you . Yes , you did . After all these years . That 's what I said . Providence . Hey , Walter . Walter ? You 've reached Astrid Farnsworth . Please leave a message . Astrid , it 's Olivia . Can you call me when you get this ? Whatever Walter was baking , it didn 't turn out too hot . You think maybe they went out for breakfast ? I don 't know . Speaking of breakfast , I put on a pot of coffee . You want a cup ? Sure . Here . Please , let me . Yes , ma 'am . Do you want to talk about it ? Talk about what ? The Jedi mind trick you pulled on me back on the roof . I can only attribute it to Cortexiphan . But , Liv , suddenly you 're able to do things that you were never able to do before . First , you saved Jessica , and now my shoulder . Look , I don 't know how I did it . I just did . Here you go . Liv , when Walter gets back , I 'd like you to let him run some more tests . You got it . Dunham . Olivia , it 's Jessica Holt . Jessica ? Thank God you picked up . I 'm so sorry . I didn 't know who else to call . It 's okay . Just calm down . Tell me what 's wrong . I think someone 's following me . Following you ? Ever since I left Harvard . Ever since I met all of you . Okay , where are you now , Jessica ? Um , I 'm at home . I sent Sarah to stay at her dad 's flat . All right , I want you to do me a favor . I want you to lock all the doors and stay inside . We 're gonna be right there . Okay . Thank you , Olivia . ♪ Fringe 4x22 ♪ Brave New World , Part 2 of 2 Original Air Date on May 11 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ Jessica ? Jessica ? Jessica ? Her purse . Her phone and her wallet are still here . Come here and take a look at this . She mention anything else to you on the phone ? No , just that since she left us , she felt like she 'd been followed . Liv ? You didn 't put this woman 's life in danger . You 're the one that saved her . Sir ? I need you to meet me at Boston General . Agent Farnsworth was just brought in with a gunshot wound . Wait , what--when ? The only information I have is that an anonymous call was placed to 911 . When the ambulance arrived , they found Agent Farnsworth . Well , how is she ? She 's out of surgery and reported in stable condition . Okay , and what about Walter ? You should bring him with you . We aren 't with him . We thought that he was with Astrid . Where is Walter ? Right now , we don 't know . Do you remember the last time you saw him ? At the warehouse . We were looking for Bell . Walter thinks he 's still alive . What warehouse ? By the waterfront . Where I got shot . You weren 't found at the waterfront . Well , somebody must have moved her . And called 911 . Which means they didn 't want you dead . Do you know who shot you ? There was a crew of armed men . And they probably took Walter . Peter , I tried to protect him , but I couldn 't get him out of there . I know you did . You said you were by the waterfront ? The corner of 1st and Effie . Right down by the docks . And there was something going on there . We heard strange noises , animals that I didn 't recognize . Well , they 're probably gone by now . I mean , they must have realized that , as soon as she regained consciousness , she 'd tell us where she was . Still . Maybe we can find something . You know , BPD 's got all the information on Jessica Holt . I 'll let you know if we find anything . Okay . Hey . Be careful . But even if Bell is responsible , what does infecting people with nanites and using the sun 's light to ignite an oil reserve have to do with collapsing two universes to create a new one ? I mean , how are they connected ? I have absolutely no idea . Maybe Walter did . What are you doing here ? I am not here of my own volition . Step back from him . Set down your weapon . Slowly . What are you doing ? I 'm sure many things are racing through your mind right now . But none of are as important as what I 'm about to say . If you ever want to see Walter again , put down your gun . You work for Bell . You 're here because this is important , right ? So why don 't you do something ? He can 't . The stasis runes at his feet keep him stuck right where he is . Unfortunately for you , this was a future you didn 't foresee . It seems he 's very concerned about the events in your life . And Dr. Bell said that , if we put you in harm 's way , he 'd appear . That day you were infected , that was intentional . You never had a daughter . I hate kids . Now let 's see how concerned you are about him . They can operate at hyper-attenuated time . To us , it almost looks like magic . It 's not , though . It 's just tech that essentially lets them move very , very fast . Now this gun is an invention of Dr. Bell 's . Shoots faster . Okay , what are you doing ? I mean , what do you want ? Please , could you just put the gun down and talk to me ? He feels no emotion . Perhaps no pain . This won 't upset him . But it appears to upset you . Damn it , stop . Just- - just tell me what it is that you want . Here , can I stop the bleeding ? Can you sit down ? I cannot . Huh ? It is impossible right now . We 're in the warehouse . Hurry . EMTs are on the way . September , what is this thing ? I am surprised they knew of this methodology . It is beyond them . Oh . - Will you let me check the wound ? - Walter- - Dr. Bishop , do you know where he is ? No . I do not . At least now we know how you got shot . I 've seen you shot before just like this . You came to me at the opera house . You said , in every version of the future , I would have to die . I did not . Or I have not yet . I suspect I understand now . The conversation you are referring to has not yet happened for me . I must investigate the future and find out what I meant . I hope ... I get back to you in time . Well , what are we gonna do about finding Walter ? Our only lead is dead . That doesn 't mean we can 't still question her . No , no , no . Not there . Right here . Right in her thinker . That wasn 't so bad , was it ? How long has she been dead ? About 25 minutes . Quickly . Use the negative prongs first or she 'll short out . Start with a trickle of DC and let it calibrate . No more . Pretty . There 'll come a time when I 'll ask you how you knew about this technology . Maintain her body temperature at roughly 85 degrees . I 'll get the ice packs . If she knows anything about what happened to Walter , I assure you we will too . Well , she took a chance on dying at that office building for whatever her mission is . She was counting on me to save her . They used Jessica to play on my sympathies , and then they used my feelings for Peter , my fear that Jones would kill him . William always talked a lot about the powers Cortexiphan children might have . But why is he activating me now ? Why is he doing this ? My dear ... you may have a different set of memories now , but , at heart , you 're still the same girl I knew . You 've always had incredible compassion . It was your capacity for feeling that made William and Walter so sure that you were the perfect candidate for the trials . And I don 't know what it is , but William must want- - no , he needs something from you . Something only you can provide . Why , William ? Why would you do this ? What could you possibly hope to gain by destroying both universes ? Walter , this was all your idea . Peter died twice . You hated God . " What kind of God would cause so much suffering ? " That 's what you said . So much pain . You decided to create a universe that would operate by your rules . And then , when you realized that you were smart enough to do it , you got scared . You asked me to cut out a portion of your brain . - No . - Yes , Walter . We cut those ideas out of your head to literally put the genie back into the bottle . Then I grew older . I grew cynical . I grew cancer . I realized that dosing myself with Cortexiphan would slow it down . But slowing is not stopping . For me , it 's just a matter of time . The clock is ticking . Tick , tick , tick , tick , tick . And that 's when it occurred to me . You were right , Walter . Walter , you were right , right , right . Every rant you ever went on made perfect sense . Suddenly , I understood not just you , but everything . God made us in his image . If that is so , if we are capable of being Gods , then it is our destiny to do so . No . No . No , William . My dear friend , even if you deny it now , you have always been playing God . I am . Guys , we 're ready . Jessica , can you hear my voice ? I can 't- - I can 't feel my arms . I can 't feel my legs . Oh , my God . Why can 't I feel anything ? Where is Walter ? What did you do to me ? What just happened there ? Did she faint ? No , no , that 's not possible . She 's not alive . She can 't faint . Mum ? Mummy ? Mummy , where are you , mummy ? Mummy , where are you ? Jessica , we need you to tell us where William Bell is . Ding , ding , ding . My bicycle . My bicycle is blue and has a little chimey bell on it . Ding , ding , ding . My bicycle is blue and has a little chimey bell . I left it in the rain , and it rusted . Jessica . Jessica , look at me . William Bell , where is he ? Mm-hmm . He 's all wet I expect . And a bore . A man must be blind or be out of his mind to go out to sea once more . He 's on a boat . It 's probably close to where he shot Astrid . This is taking too long . Jessica ! Is William Bell on a boat ? William Bell is a great man . A brilliant man . But not just a man . Birth to a new world born of the collapse . Jessica , how is he going to give birth to a new world if we closed the bridge between the two universes ? I 'm afraid we don 't have much longer . How is he going to collapse the two universes ? He needed an energy source . What energy source ? We 're all expendable in the wake of creation . Jessica , how is he going too it ? Noah was a righteous man , and he brought onto the Ark every creature to populate the new world , two by two . Damn it , Jessica , what energy source ? What ... What just happened ? Did I just do that ? Does Walter have a gauss meter ? Yeah . I think I know what 's happening here . The new energy source , it 's me . Bell 's going to try and use me to collapse the two universes . That 's why he 's been activating me . The electromagnetic energy you 're giving off is extraordinary . But if William is using the energy you 're generating , I believe I may know how to find him . A general cargo freighter left Boston Harbor at 10 : 22 this morning , the Talos . It fell off radar 15 minutes later . That 's six hours ago . It could be 200 miles off the coast by now . Talk to me . It 's not good . Olivia is giving off an exceedingly strong and specific electromagnetic field . Now I know how it sounds , but I believe she was activated to power the universe collapse . Lucky me . And I assume you can 't turn her off . No . But we can use her to find Walter and William Bell . The frequency at which Olivia is resonating will also be the frequency at the epicenter of the dimensional intersection , meaning we should be able to identify the exact location where the two universes are overlapping . Now , assuming Bell wants to survive the collapse , that 's where he 'll be . The calm at the center of the storm as it were . And how long will it take ? The satellites are almost online . We 'll find Bell . We 've got NAVSTAR . Task the satellites at 392.6 hertz . National Weather Service is reporting a squall approximately 80 miles off shore due east of Boston . Three microquakes--Albany , New York , Waterville , Vermont , and Worcester , Massachusetts , all within seconds of each other . It 's started . The universes are colliding . Narrow your search to the area of the storm . - Did you find Bell ? - Not yet . Wonder what he has in store for me now . It 's gonna be okay . You know , for the first time , I don 't think that it is . I remember being in that lab in Jacksonville when Walter and William were doing the Cortexiphan trials . I remember how it smelled , how I felt , how scared I was , how all alone I was . And now , you know , years later , nothing 's changed . I 'm still that little girl , and William Bell is still doing experiments on me . I 'm just still being used . No . Something has changed . This time , you 're not alone . You have to see this . Oh , don 't look like that . If nothing else , for pure scientific curiosity . Trust me . You 've never seen anything like this . It 's marvelous . How ? Olivia . You were right , Walter . She truly is a remarkable girl . Got it . 84 miles due east of Nantucket . Call upstairs . Tell them we need choppers . Get suited up . William , William ... Please . Don 't do this . You may be sad now , Walter , you may be frightened , but you 'll see . We deserve this . No . These are the coordinates , ma 'am , but I 've got no visual . Okay , well , it 's not here . Can you check the uplink ? Maybe they 're jamming us . Are you kidding me ? It 's right there . I don 't see anything . Nina . No , nothing . Am I losing my mind here ? Still no visual contact , sir . No , I think I know what 's happening . If William is trying to collapse the universes , it stands to reason that the fabric between the universes is growing thin here where his ship is . But there 's nothing here . No , not in this here . The ship has already phased entirely out of sync with our universe . No one here can see it , but Peter- - I 'm from the other side , so I resonate at a different frequency . Yes , from the other side , the ship is visible . For how much longer , we can 't be sure . But if it 's already crossed over into the other universe , there 's no way for us to get to it . Even if we had the time , the bridge is closed . There is a way . Me . Yes , Olivia now has as much activated Cortexiphan in her system as the Olivia from the original timeline . Now , if what you both have told me is accurate , Olivia can jump between worlds . You , Peter , you can see it . Olivia , you can reach it . But it will have to be done together . What if I can 't do it ? You have the most extraordinary gifts , but the only one you were denied was knowing it . You 've had the power all along . Are you ready ? All right . If you 've lost your mind , now would be the time to tell me . Take it to port about three yards . Now ! - It worked . - Yeah , are you surprised ? Yeah . It was the pilot 's . You can 't be the only one who always gets to carry a gun . What is this place ? I think this is his Ark . " I will arise " and go , now , " and go to Innisfree , " and a small cabin build there , " of clay and wattles made . " Nine bean-rows " will I have there , " a hive for the honeybee , and live alone in the bee loud glade . " Do you know it , Walter ? Yeats . Walter , are you all right ? Well , this is unexpected . You know I was not planning on having any humans . What a troublesome species we can be after all . I had assumed that Walter and I would die off and my new universe would thrive unencumbered by the savage whims of mankind . But I see I was wrong . Look at the two of you . Humans abide . They persevere . They survive . You have earned your right in the new order , a final breeding pair . Amongst all others , you will be the new Adam and Eve . Stop this . Turn it off now . Shoot me if you like , young Peter . I cannot turn it off . There 's no escaping the inevitable . The chain reaction has begun . Olivia is a living uncertainty engine . Every breath she takes brings us closer to Nirvana . Every beat of her heart tears the world from its hinges . She is the redeemer . Go ahead . I will not be the first God to be martyred for creation . Forgive me . No ! No ! No . No . You killed her . Yes , indeed , he did . Very clever , old friend . If that 's what you consider learning a lesson from the past ... You paid a steep price . We could have all been so happy together . You killed her . Don 't touch her . Peter , this is no time for emotions . Time is of the essence . We have to move rapidly if we 're going to save her . Save her ? She 's dead . You know very well that hasn 't always stopped me . Peter ! Listen to me ! Now , go over there to the table , get the letter opener , and clear everything else off the desk . Do it now , Peter . Her brain is currently saturated with Cortexiphan . The brain tissue is regenerative , so , if I can get the bullet out before the Cortexiphan wears off and the non-regenerative tissue calcifies , I 'll be able to save her . It 's like my lemon cake . Whoa . Whoa . Stop . What are you doing ? I need an exit wound . There isn 't one . How much time do we have , Walter ? Not long . Any damage I do should repair itself ... If I can get the bullet out . I 'm so sorry , Olive . Walter . It worked . Despite full international cooperation , there remains no sign of William Bell . The biological materials from Dr. Bell 's Ark have been cryogenically quarantined for future study . Your team will of course have full access if you so desire . Thank you . The committee would like to acknowledge the work you and your team have done in protecting the welfare of the people of this nation and the world . As such , we would like to grant your request for significant funding to upgrade your operational and scientific divisions . And thank you , Phillip , for keeping us all safe at night . You 're welcome , sir . Well , that will be all , General Broyles . It 's Colonel , sir . Not anymore . Congratulations , General . You 've earned it . How 'd it go ? Better than expected . Fringe Division now finds itself with a fully-funded science division and no one to run it . Well ... Nina ... You want a job ? You know , Peter , I 've been thinking . Due to the intense energy utilization , Cortexiphan levels in the body should be almost negligible . Meaning what , Walter ? Well , meaning that she won 't be able to run around setting things on fire or doing superhuman things . Excuse me , miss . Is that lemon Jell-O ? These are urine samples . Oh , well , in that case , no , thank you . I 'm more peckish than thirsty . So you 're saying Olivia 's normal now ? Well , the treatments did leave a biological signature , so I suppose some abilities could one day emerge , but , for all intents and purposes , yes , I believe she may be . Is she out yet ? How you holding up ? She 's all done . She 's ready to go home . Thank you , Astrid . What ? You just called me by my real name . Did I ? I found one . It 's perfect . Brookline . Center Hall . Two stories . Peter ... I just figured , after everything that we 've been through in the last couple of days- - well , hell , the last couple of years- - I thought we deserved a little bit of normal . It 's--it 's perfect . I suppose that he was right . The Observer . That in every version of the future , you had to die . But I never want to lose you again . What ? You 're okay , right ? I mean , the doctor didn 't tell you anything else . Actually , he did . What ? Peter , I 'm pregnant . ♪ ♪ I don 't suppose you 're here for a sandwich . We have to warn the others . They are coming . Who 's coming ? = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
