 Okay , we need some new ideas , Gang . And fast . I 've got an awesome idea . You . Me . Brainstorming ideas . This weekend . Okay yeah ... Except instead of you and me , let 's make it the four of us . And instead of this weekend , let 's make it right now . That 's a weird date . It 's not a date . That 's the point . Man ... what do I have to make Jenny horny for me ? Take drastic measures .. Like brainwash her ? I was thinking an ultimatum . Come on , guys , think . If we 're gonna have these gang meetings , it 's be nice if the whole gang spoke up , Charlotte ? Just happy to be here . ♪ ( screaming ) ♪ Now to find out ♪ ♪ What the hell 's going on ! ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh my God Charlotte is me ♪ ♪ And I 'm the Phantom of Crowley ♪ ♪ No time to be meek and mild Hannah ♪ ♪ Can 't let that bitch peel my man 's banana ♪ ♪ ♪ I may not have her in real life ♪ ♪ But in my fantasies she 's my heavy metal wife ♪ ♪ I 'm gonna pretend These hands are feminine ♪ ♪ And they belong to J-J-J-Jenny ! ♪ ♪ ♪ No time to theorize or postulate ♪ ♪ I need your help before you masturbate ♪ ♪ Curtis is about to fornicate ♪ ♪ With a girl who 's evil incarnate ♪ ♪ ♪ Stay away don 't touch my schlong ! ♪ ♪ I need your help now come along ♪ ♪ And by the way I have to say ♪ ♪ I have no interest in your schlong ♪ ♪ Phantom be gone ! ♪ ♪ ♪ Welcome to the horror of my mind ♪ ♪ There 's so much darkness I wish I was blind ♪ ♪ When I close my tired peepers ♪ ♪ I get them old jeepers creepers ♪ ♪ And I go back in time ... ♪ ♪ Time ... ♪ ♪ Tiiiiiiiime ... ♪ ♪ I 'm back in the forest again ♪ ♪ Lost and scared without a friend ♪ ♪ In the place where I was abused ♪ ♪ And became sexually confused ♪ ♪ ♪ Wolf rape , wolf rape , wolf rape ♪ ♪ Far from being an ideal date ♪ ♪ Wolf rape , wolf rape , wolf rape ♪ ♪ Not at all a perfect mate ♪ ♪ ♪ See the creature in the moonlight ♪ ♪ My sexy lean body wets its appetite ♪ ♪ I can feel its breath breathing on my back ♪ ♪ I 'm so scared I just shit my pants ! ♪ ♪ ♪ I hate you Dad ! ♪ Dudes , I 'm still so totally bummed . Little dude still isn 't the Pure Evil One . Maybe we should pack it in ? You think the loser 's still a virgin ? If he is ... you know what that means . ( Snapping fingers ) ♪ Metal dude , metal dude , metal dude wop ♪ ♪ Metal dude , metal dude , metal dude wop ♪ ♪ I think we found the key ♪ ♪ It 's his virginity ♪ ♪ If he loses it , then holy shit ♪ ♪ Dude wop ♪ ♪ And we will have a lot of fun ♪ ♪ For Todd will be , will be , will be , The Pure Evil One ♪ ♪ Dude wop , d-dude wop ♪ ♪ A plan , what an awesome fuckin ' plan ! ♪ ♪ Dude wop , dude ♪ ♪ No more beating his meat ♪ ♪ No more whacking his snake ♪ ♪ Gotta get him some muff ♪ ♪ Get him totally laid ♪ ♪ Dude wop , d-dude wop ♪ Loser . Look I didn 't imagine it . Hannah The Phantom attacked me last night in bed , while I was ... reading . If the Phantom is back , she may have the Book , so let 's split up and find her . Kill her with no mercy ! Whoa , that 's a bit extreme . You still don 't have feelings for that psycho , do you ? No , of course not . We 're so done . Good boy . ♪ ♪ I 'm so torn I 'm almost numb ♪ ♪ Caught between two girls and a tongue ♪ ♪ This is some freaky shit but I must admit ♪ ♪ I never stopped loving you ♪ ♪ ♪ Please don 't be afraid of me ♪ ♪ I 'm the girl you love Hannah B ♪ ♪ Don 't let Charlotte off the hook ♪ ♪ She used that evil Book ♪ ♪ And stole my identity ♪ ♪ Identity ♪ ♪ Is this the truth or is this a lie ? ♪ ♪ Oh , Curtis , just look into my eyes . ♪ ♪ Love is heaven , love is hell ♪ ♪ Will these feelings last ? ♪ ♪ Only time will tell ♪ ♪ ♪ Gotta give you this ultimatum ♪ ♪ I 'm so bored with masturbation ♪ ♪ I want to hold you tenderly Pleasure you orally ♪ ♪ What will your answer be ? ♪ ♪ You 're gonna have to accept it Todd ♪ ♪ You 're my friend and that is all ♪ ♪ We 're not two birds of a feather ♪ ♪ We 'll never flock together ♪ ♪ Why can 't you let me go ? ♪ ♪ Love is heaven , love is hell ♪ ♪ Will these feelings last ? ♪ ♪ Only time will tell ♪ ♪ ♪ I used the Book to get what I want ♪ ♪ There 's one major glitch That 's driving me nuts ♪ ♪ Everyone is singing with so much passion ♪ ♪ I fucking hate musicals ♪ ♪ So proletarian ! ♪ ♪ ♪ Got to take it up a notch ♪ ♪ Before my plan is botched ♪ ♪ I 'll frame Hannah for it She 'll be in such deep shit ♪ ♪ Here comes that old evil feeling ♪ ♪ Once again ! ♪ ♪ ♪ Sad and unloved is what I am ♪ ♪ Jenny banished me to loser land ♪ ♪ ♪ Gonna die a lonely dude ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoa I think my dick just moved ♪ ♪ Who the hell is that ? ♪ ♪ Love is heaven , love is hell ♪ ♪ Will these feelings last ? ♪ ♪ Only time will tell ♪ ♪ ♪ It takes the good and bad right out of me ♪ ♪ To make you see ♪ ♪ That you 're ( not ) my destiny ♪ I , Hannah The Phantom , did this . P.S. : I also have the Book . Looks like all signs point to her . The blow dart , the severed tongue , the note . Dude , your ex-girlfriend is sick . Maybe someone 's framing her . Kill her with no mercy ! Whoa , that 's a bit extreme . Okay guys , let 's move out . Todd , you can come with me , as long as you don 't talk about us . Thanks , but I 'm okay on my own . Since when ? Look on the bright side sweetie . Now you know what kind of girl she is . A total insane psycho . ♪ ♪ Hey . ♪ ♪ Todd is my name . ♪ ♪ Hi , I 'm Nikki . ♪ ♪ Nikki Kane . ♪ ♪ Don 't think I 've seen you around before . ♪ ♪ Oh , I 've seen you , many times for sure . ♪ ♪ Do you feel like hanging out ? ♪ ♪ Got a better idea let 's make out ! ♪ ♪ ♪ Never thought I 'd feel this way ♪ ♪ About a girl that wasn 't Jenny ♪ ♪ Big old boner 's pointing up to my navel ♪ ♪ My navel ♪ ♪ Guess it means I 'm horny ♪ ♪ I 'm horny like the devil ♪ ♪ ♪ I can 't fight it Don 't wanna hide it ♪ ♪ Being horny makes me horny ♪ ♪ ♪ Here 's a story ♪ ♪ About a kid who 's horny ♪ ♪ for you ! ♪ ♪ ♪ Why do I care if he 's forgotten me ? ♪ ♪ Are these pangs of jealousy ? ♪ ♪ Something doesn 't seem on the level ♪ ♪ Am I feeling ♪ ♪ horny like the devil ? ♪ ♪ ♪ Wish I could fight it ♪ ♪ Wish I could hide it ♪ ♪ Being horny makes me horny ♪ ♪ ♪ Here 's a story ♪ ♪ About a girl who 's horny ♪ ♪ for Todd ? ♪ ♪ Is that who I think it is ? ♪ Nah it couldn 't be . ♪ ♪ Young love I remember so well ♪ ♪ She was hot ♪ ♪ She made my nut sack swell ♪ ♪ I 'm a tits and ass kinda fellow ♪ ♪ 24-7 ♪ ♪ I 'm horny like the devil ♪ ♪ Yeah ... ♪ I can 't fight it ♪ ♪ Don 't wanna hide it ♪ ♪ Being horny makes me horny ♪ ♪ Here 's a story ♪ What ... ♪ about a dude who 's horny ♪ ♪ all the time ! ♪ ♪ ♪ We can 't fight it ♪ ♪ Don 't wanna hide it ♪ ♪ Being horny makes us horny ♪ ♪ ♪ Here 's a story ♪ ♪ About being horny ♪ ♪ that 's us ! ♪ ♪ ♪ Here I sit at this piano ♪ ♪ Introspective and kind of mellow ♪ ♪ ♪ Sadness in my veins and in my balls ♪ ♪ and ball veins ♪ ♪ Tell me father can you take away my pain ♪ ♪ You 're an idiot and a bottom feeder ♪ ♪ You call yourself the Hooded Leader ♪ ♪ But you are not and you never will be ♪ ♪ So cry your tears you little pansy ♪ ♪ It 's a lie. it 's a lie I won 't cry ♪ ♪ No more tears from me ♪ ♪ No more tears to you ♪ ♪ No more tears in my eyes ♪ ♪ Tired of feeling blue ♪ ♪ No more tears ♪ ♪ no more tears ♪ ♪ No more whore sucking , cock-porking , shit-fucking ♪ ♪ teeeeeaaaaaaaarsssss ! ♪ ( slamming on piano ) ♪ Maybe one more . ♪ ♪ One more tear , ♪ ♪ I 'm crying one more tear ♪ ♪ From me to ♪ ♪ you ... ♪ ♪ When are we gonna kill this crazy asshole ? The time is right . ♪ ♪ A flame from the darkness has set fire to my soul ♪ I have Charlotte , meet me in the theater , Hannah . ♪ A journey into madness Down a twisted road ♪ Curtis save me ! ♪ Who 's the real Phantom , who is not ? ♪ I got your note ! ♪ Who 's Hannah B and who 's Charlotte ? ♪ Why don 't you just tell us ? ♪ Phantom me Phantom you ♪ ♪ Who is lying who got screwed ? ♪ ♪ Let 's put an end to this sordid mess ♪ ♪ Let 's have ourselves a Curtis test ♪ ♪ Curtis question number one : His favorite heavy metal song ? ♪ Witches and Bitches is the answer Name of the band 's Satan Has Cancer . What is Curtis' middle name ? Richard , Roger , John or James ? James ! John ! Oh , too bad , what a shame Curtis doesn 't have a middle name . My parents couldn 't be bothered but I am fond of the name Roger . Final question number three : Curtis is failing science , math or history ? Math ! Science ! ♪ Answer is he 's failing all three . ♪ Guess it 's community college for me ♪ ♪ How are we ever gonna find out ♪ ♪ who 's the Phantom and who 's not ? ♪ Ahhhhhhhh ! ♪ I admit it ! ♪ ♪ I 'm the real Phantom ♪ ♪ I can 't take any more singing ♪ I fucking hate musicals ! ♪ Damn it I 'm out of darts ! ( Beeping ) Whoa , I have a cutlery compartment ? ! I know how much you love to eat . Wow , you really do know me . Let 's end this now bitch ! ♪ Bitch ! You better back off now ♪ ♪ Bitch ! I 'll gut you like a cow ♪ ♪ You think you can steal my man ? ♪ ♪ Got news for you , bitch , you can 't ! ♪ ♪ Now die ! ♪ ♪ Die ! Die ! Die ! ♪ ♪ Diiiiiiieeeee ! ♪ ( screaming ) My tongue 's back ! Yay . Charlotte ? Are you okay ? Somebody say something . ♪ ♪ Phantom gone dead by light ♪ ♪ Bye bye Phantom ♪ ♪ Phantom good night ! ♪ It 's good to have you back , Hannah . I 'm just glad everything 's returned to normal . Yeah , and the best part is , now Charlotte is gone , we don 't have to sing anymore . Oh , just one more ? ♪ ♪ I 'm so sorry I fell for her tricks ♪ ♪ She gave me a hand-job ♪ ♪ I swear that 's it ♪ ♪ I didn 't know you as well as I thought ♪ ♪ For that I 'm so sorry ♪ Wait did you say hand-job ? ♪ ♪ I 'm so sorry Gonna leave you alone ♪ ♪ Got a new girl that wants to chew on my bone ♪ ♪ ♪ I 'm so sorry I missed my chance ♪ ♪ Guess it 's too late you 're in love with a skank ♪ ♪ ♪ So so sorry so sincerely sorry ♪ ♪ Let 's make a brand new start ♪ ♪ ♪ I 'm so sorry for being crazy and mad ♪ ♪ I promise you I 'll be a better leader and man ♪ ♪ ♪ We 're so sorry but it 's come to this ♪ ♪ We must kill him ♪ ♪ After we drink ♪ ♪ ♪ Fuck yoooooou ! ♪ ♪ I 'm not soooooorry ! ♪ ♪ Fuck yoooooou ! ♪ ♪ Fuck you ! ♪ ♪ Fuck , Fuck , Fuck ♪ ♪ Fuuuuuuuuuuck ♪
