 ♪ Happy happy birthday ! ♪ ♪ Happy happy birthday ! ♪ ♪ Today is your birthday , yay yay yay ! ♪ This is the best birthday ever . Who am I kidding , every birthday is the best birthday ever . Look at those heathens . Reveling in their sin . They look happy , it must be nice to celebrate a birthday . You know that 's against our religion Martha Ruth Miriam Margret . Give it a rest Kimberly Ann Mary Jane . Even to suggest celebrating is blasphemy . Yeah I get it Stephanie Faith Susan Marie . I just wanna know what it feels like to have a birthday . It feels like a sin a big smelly sin . Birthdays are nothing but a celebration of greed and pride . Come along Stephanie Faith Marie a glass of unpasteurized badger 's milk will settle your nerves . Birthday shoes ? I love them ! This is awesome . But it just looks like so much fun . Volo ... totus ... natalis ! Happy 63 hours til your birthday ! Please don 't remind me . Why so scared ? Well , my birthday 's on Thursday , and Todd throws me a surprise party every year . Aw . That 's sweet . It 's not . When Todd threw me my first surprise party , he thought it would be funny if we lit our farts on fire . But my burning fart went back inside me and burned my in-bum . I was 8 . One bad party isn 't such a big deal . The year after that was the petting zoo stampede . The next year , heat stroke . Snake bite , coma , locked in a dumpster the list goes on . I just want something simple like birthday shoes . Okay gang , it 's time to talk Curtis ! It 's his birthday on Thursday and I have a history of throwing him wicked surprise parties . Like one time his parents wouldn 't get him a dog , so I captured a wild coyote , and hid it in his closet to surprise him . We named him Growly . If it 's okay with you , Todd , I was thinking that maybe this year we could plan something a little less ... Dangerous ? No wait I 'm sorry , stupid ? What 's dangerous and stupid about this ? Am I reading that correctly ? Okay ... Curtis loves turkey . So we load him up and take him on a scenic hike along the jagged cliffs of Crowley Gorge . Seems dangerous . And stupid . I was thinking I could help plan the party . You know , as Curtis ' girlfriend . No offense Hannah , but I think I know Curtis a little bit better than you do . For example : This year I 'm getting him a taco bong for his birthday . What ? You 're probably getting him a science textbook . It was signed by the author . I don 't care , I 'm co-planning this party . You can co-plan as much as you want but we 'll just have to see who 's ideas he likes more . We 're working together . No , we 're not . Good luck , Hannah . I think this is gonna be a lot of fun for you . Hey guys , what 's up ? Nothing ! Nothing . Gus is turning 100 on Thursday , and we made him a birthday card ! Of all the Satanic activities you geezers could be doing , you choose this ? Gus has contributed tremendously to this society ... Back in the Dark Ages . Look what this society has become ! It is stuck in the past , we need to think of the future . If Satanism is to prosper and persevere we need new blood . You want us to get blood transfusions ? No , I want to recruit young people into the society ! You don 't mean teenagers ? Oooh scary , isn 't it ? ( Chatter ) Silence ! If I 'm to become the Pure Evil One which is who I will be I will need an army that is strong and obedient . And you old geezer farts are neither . But what will become of us ? Oh just keep doing what you always do . Jack shit ! He 's still gonna sign Gus ' card right ? Sweet birthday shoes . Aren 't they gorgeous ? I can 't decide whether to wear them or suck them off ! Hey , Lacey ! See you tonight at your birthday party ! You know it , Troy ! I 'm gonna get totally drunk ! Oww ! Oww ! I 'm counting on it . ♪ Happy happy birthday . ♪ ♪ Happy happy birthday . ♪ ♪ Today it is your birthday . ♪ ♪ Yay yay yay yay yay ! ♪ What the hell is that ? It 's your birthday cake , silly . Aren 't you one of those creepy religious chicks ? Don 't you want your birthday cake ? I don 't think so , boner poison ... ( growling ) ( screaming ) I said I 'm getting an ice sculpture for the party , Todd said he 's getting a fire sculpture ! It sounds like Todd 's taking this party planning rivalry pretty seriously . What rivalry ? We 're working together . Listen , if you wanna upstage Todd , just offer Curtis something Todd can 't . I already made him a robot arm . I mean a party for two if you know what I mean . Party for two , you and Todd aren 't coming ? Okay , so you don 't know what I mean . I 'm talking about an intimate kind of party . Yeah , just the four of us it 's not like I 'm gonna invite the whole school . I 'm talking about sex , Hannah . I 'm not ready to have sex . I don 't want Curtis to think I 'm easy . No offense . Somebody left their shoes in the hall . And their feet in their shoes . So , Troy just to confirm your great grandfather and father were Satanists and it says you 're also one . What can I say , Satan rocks . He sure does . Here 's what I 'm proposing . I have a vision a grand vision of a new , youthful Satanic Society and I think you 'd make a perfect recruit . Thanks , Mr. M. May I add , you have fabulous muscles what do you bench ? Two fifty . I bet that 's a lot . Plus the chicks love me ' cause I 'm hung like a donkey with a big dick . ( laughing ) So , Troy ... I 'd be thrilled if you 'd help me find a certain magical Book that grants me absolute power . And uh ... Destroy all my enemies . Sounds pretty cool . And you 'll recruit all your friends ? You have friends , right ? You look like you have friends . Everyone loves their boy Troy . How could they not ? Welcome aboard . Don 't you worry . Your boy Troy who is who I am won 't let you down . You and I will do great things together , Troy . Oh , happy birthday by the way . Thanks . Check out my birthday shoes . Styling ! Hey , Troy if you 're not doing anything for your birthday I can take you out for dinner so we can discuss Satanism ? Yeah sure . Do you like pizza ? I like pizza so much I can 't decide whether to eat it or suck it off ! ( laughing ) Later , Mr. M. Later Troy , 8 o 'clock at the Slice King . Suck off a pizza . I wonder whose body these feet belong to . They 're Lacey 's . I 'd know those fresh kicks anywhere . Huh ? Girls check out each other 's shoes , okay ? Allow me to investigate . Dude , that 's kinda gross . Not to mention completely unsanitary . That 's blood . That 's icing . That 's wax . What has blood , icing and wax ? A delicious surfboard ! Come on guys , we know a delicious surfboard didn 't do this , it must be the work of the Book ! Well this is gonna have to wait until after Curtis' surprise party . It 's not a surprise if you say it out loud . Me-ow ! Yay . Happy birthday , Troy . Are you my birthday present ? Nice ! I 've had a thing for older broads since things got weird between me and my step mom . Let me just wash my dick , it 's pretty sweaty . Coach pushed us hard today . And your boy Troy is very hygienic . I have a better idea . ( Growling ) Aaaaaaaaaah ! ( Screaming ) Happy birthday to me ! That 's some good birthday . ( Screaming ) More severed feet ! What are you doing here , Atticus ? Yeah and why are you crying ? I know it 's hard to believe but I do have a heart and it 's broken . You knew this guy ? His name was Troy ... Okay ... and he was a very special boy . Now all that 's left of him is his birthday shoes . I waited all night at the pizza parlour the waiter kept asking me if I wanted to order . Just more bread-sticks please he 's on his way , he 's on his way . Nobody understands ... We don 't have time for this , we 've a birthday bash to plan . I think you mean I have a birthday bash to plan . Have you ever thought that maybe Curtis doesn 't actually like your birthday parties and he 's too scared to tell you ? Me-ow ! I think my best friend would tell me if my ideas suck balls Hannah , I tell him all the time . Hmm ... Huh ... Hmmm ... Haaaa ... Ha okay ... As much as I enjoy watching you two fight , we 've got bigger fish to fry . Like how bout that pair of severed feet ? Jenny 's right . Let 's call a truce ? For now . We 're on the same team , Todd ! For now . Troy is dead , father ! Troy ! The future of Satanism ! Troy was nothing , do not forget your mission Atticus you are meant to find the book . The book , the book must 've had something to do with Troy 's murder . Don 't you see father , that 's why I 'm obsessing about the boy 's death it 's all about the book . Oh I humbly apologize Atticus I guess I just assumed . That 's right father you did assume , and all too quickly . And I suppose you 've checked your spy cameras for footage of Troy 's murder and there 's no need for me to bring that up ? Spy cameras , why didn 't I think of that ? Of course I checked the spy cameras , I 'm not stupid ! You know just what I need . And I need it bad , baby . Another birthday . Another birthday . Martha-Ruth - Miriam-Margaret ? What happened to your face ? You look like a gran . Did you bring me a present ? Is it a birthday ? I love birthdays ! We don 't celebrate them , remember ? You don 't , but I do ! I celebrate lots of em ! Every day oh , yes ! Happy birthday to me ! Martha-Ruth-Miriam-Margaret , you 've gone birthday crazy ! Fudge you ! It 's not what I look like on the outside , it 's what I feel like on the inside that matters ! Loved ! Admired ! Celebrated ! You need help ! I do not , what I need is another birthday and fast ! You don 't have one ? I 'll pay , anything ! Jimmy , I 'm in the market for confiscated fireworks could you help a dude out ? Help yourself bro . Thanks ! What are they for ? For Curtis ' birthday , I 'm gonna make him a pair of exploding underwear . I just haven 't figured out how I 'm gonna make it a surprise ? I know , I 'll chloroform him then when he 's unconscious slip them on , do you have any chloroform ? Oh yeah top drawer . Thanks ! Your birthdays fucking rock when you 're young . You know my best birthday was right around your age . Look though , cherish the moments dude before you know it your best years will slip right from you fast then you know it . Geez Jimmy that 's like really dark . Sorry dude , it 's just one of those days . My fucking floor buffer 's fucked up . Yeah man that sucks , gotta go . I was rocking out and I didn 't even notice all the shoes and I buffed right over them . Wait . Did you say shoes ? People should be more careful where they leave their shit . Lacey , Troy and now the Argento triplets . What ties them all together ? I can 't believe how much this bakery 's charging me for Curtis ' cake . I told you to CC me on those emails Hannah ! The baker didn 't do reply all . Stop blaming all your problems on the baker , this is no time to screw around you know what ? You 're off the party planning committee ! You have no authority ! Don 't make me pull rank , Hannah ! You have no rank ! And why are you gluing fireworks to Curtis ' boxers ? It 's called a gift , Hannah . Guys I love listening to you fight but can we focus here ? Are those Lacey 's shoes ? Um . Did you steal shoes from a dead girl ? It 's not like she can use them . And my boots get really worn-out from all the running and kicking I do . And they 're really expensive I could never afford these I 'd probably have to get them as ... Birthday shoes ! We know Troy died on his birthday . And look at the Argento triplets ' shoes ! They must be birthday shoes too ! And you know what the crazy thing about triplets is ? They have the same birthday ! Someone is using the Book to kill students on their birthday ! Oh no ... Curtis ... I can 't believe I 'm gonna die today . I 'm so not prepared for this . Dude you 're not dying today . Not when you 've got an awesome birthday bash to attend . Yeah too bad I 'll miss that . No you 're not gonna miss your surprise party . Here 's the plan Hannah and I will go look for the Book , Todd , don 't let Curtis out of your sight . Right I 'm on death watch ! Let 's call it Curtis watch . If I 'm gonna die I wanna die with a full stomach . Let 's go to the cafeteria . Okay . One last time . My boy ... My beautiful boy ! I 've got you now ... murderer of Troy ! She 's getting older ... Somehow the girl with the cake ages every time someone is eaten . This could be useful . The party 's not canceled , I 'm not gonna let the Book ruin my plans of upstaging Todd ! And you don 't want Curtis to die . Yeah that too . I knew birthdays would be the ruin of her . Poor Martha-Ruth - Miriam-Margaret ? She 's fallen from grace . Tell us what you know , make it quick ! A birthday boy 's life depends on it ! Where is the birthday boy ? Martha-Ruth - Miriam-Margaret ? Is that you ? Now you look like a gran-gran ! Martha-Ruth stay away from my boyfriend ! But why on earth would I do that ? After all , I have to give the boy his ... deathday cake ! ( laughing ) That old hag 's trying to get Curtis ! With all this running I 'm really glad I swiped these shoes ! We have to go ! Martha-Ruth is using the Book to steal birthdays ! And all those birthdays are adding up , each of the victims was 17 , 17 times 5 is 85 . And Martha-Ruth was 17 to begin with , which means she 's ... 102 ! Which explains her sudden transformation into a very old woman ! Also , the Book has transformed into some sort of evil birthday cake . Talk about your worst birthday ever . Third worst birthday . We have to run until it 's not your birthday . Happy birthday , Curtis . ( screaming ) Birthdays are the best ! You feel like you 're on top of the world ! Listen to me , Martha-Ruth your body can 't take another birthday . Yeah , you 've stolen enough birthdays , you birthday slut ! I want it . I NEED it . Give him to me ! No ! Get out of here ! Back ! Back ! Ha ! ( Screaming ) ( laughing ) Happy birthday Gus ! You call this a birthday bash ? It 's just a couple of dumb ass kids ... And this hot piece of keister ! Wheel me over ! It would be my pleasure . I 've never seen a cake like this before . Ahhhh ! ( laughing ) It 's okay Jenny . Stop it ! ( laughing ) ( burp ) So many birthdays ! So many birthdays ! It 's overwhelming ! The Book ! We really need to buy a butterfly net . Thanks for saving my life Atticus . If that 's what I did , it wasn 't for you . It was for Troy . ( Sobbing ) Troy ! Atticus is acting weirder than normal . Hannah 's right we better start keeping a closer watch on him . ( Throat clear ) We have that thing tomorrow . Oh right . What are you guys talking about ? Nothing ! You guys did this for me ? It was all Hannah . But my birthday was yesterday . We were a little busy with the birthday cake trying to eat you ... And I don 't see anything that could maim or injure me . Hannah , I 'm the luckiest guy in the ... Holy titty nipples ! Corn chips ! Happy birthday , Curtis . Birthday shoes ! Those are Troy 's birthday shoes . Cool , everyone loved the Troy Boy . Hey I got something that 'll top that . Get ready for one of my famous Todd birthday surprises . I knew this was too good to be true . Ha ! Yeah ! A one night only Barbarian Apocalypse world fucking reunion baby ! Awesome ! But we haven 't practiced . That 's why ... I got this . A taco bong ? ! How did you know ? Alright dude , let 's rock ! Wait , I have one more gift for Curtis . Okay , now let 's rock ! One two three four ! ♪ They 're not that bad !
