 Previously on Continuum : Edward Kagame , he is the leader of the cell . and the most dangerous . He didn 't make it through . We 'll be okay without him . With our knowledge of the future we can operate here virtually unchallenged . I like it here . My suit was damaged . You led them right back to us . Run ! - I 'm home ! - Keira ... We 're in the kitchen . We ? Are ' we ' celebrating something ? You 're looking at the new project leader on SadTech 's latest and greatest . Promotion . Congratulations . Thanks for the beer . I 'll walk you out . Bye Oscar . Keira . Bye Sam . I missed you all day long , yes , I did . Project leader ? Now we can afford this new place ... You still like it ? I love it . Seriously ? It 's not just us . The whole city is dark . The terrorists again ? I 'm so sick of this . Don 't stress . The last time they took out the reactor it took them four hours to get it back up . Baby , relax , Ok ? The power will be back right away . It 's just street punks taking advantage of the black out . If they get into the building ... They won 't have time . Power will be back in ten seconds . Ten seconds ? Trust me . 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... Just watching you hurts me . Then don 't watch me . Don 't they have makeup in 2077 ? Let 's just say the future has changed some things for the better . How ? A mascara stick that uses an electrostatic charge preset to release the perfect amount every time . Describe it to me ? Shit ! Power 's out . Yup . Garbage truck backed into a pole around the corner from you . Of course it did . Cameron . Good morning , Keira . You busy ? No . Not really . Why ? Well , I 'm not sure , but I got something here that I think is right up your alley . Could be the work of your gang . I 'll text you the address . Thank you . In all my years as a broker , I 've never seen anything like this . Just lucky I guess . Your timing has been ... spectacular . Well , maybe I 'm from the future and know what 's about to happen . [ CHUCKLES ] Yeah , future or not , You my friend , are now a very rich man . Here are the new companies I want to invest in . Synthetic food production , disaster insurance bonds ... What are you expecting ? The end of the world ? Something like that . Lab Assistant found Professor Ames here at 0810 . Nobody moved the body , or touched anything . Single entry to the front , left of the mid-line . Clean hole . 75 millimeters in diameter . Through and through ? Help me turn him over . Entry wound 's the same size as the exit , 75 millimeters . Give or take . Whatever went through him , went through the damn floor ... Let 's go . What the hell penetrates a body then five stories of a building ? 2077 , my time , my city , my family . When terrorists killed thousands of innocents , they were condemned to die . They had other plans . A time travel device sent us all back 65 years . I want to get home . But I can 't be sure what I 'll return to if history is changed . Their plan : to corrupt and control the present in order to win the future . What they didn 't plan on was me ! [ GUNFIRE ] CONTINUUM S01 Ep04 - Matter of Time So you think the gang is involved ? Maybe . There 's an unusual energy signature from the device that killed the professor . If I had my suit I could have captured a clearer optical pattern . Well , you know I can fix whatever 's wonky on your suit . I do know a little bit about electronics . They don 't rewire these things like machines , they regenerate them like living tissue . Mitotic circuitry ... it 's like electronic stem cells ... carbon nanotubes for structure millions of micro reefs . All right . Come on ! At least that 's the theory . Whose theory ? My father 's ... But so far it 's just a theory . Have you seen my partner ? There you are . I invited Ames ' grad student down to the precinct to answer a few questions . - I 'm going to head there now . - Good idea . [ KNOCKS ] Shane ... Thanks for coming in . So , you 're one of how many assistants were working for Professor Ames ? Well , there were drones , undergrads ... But at my level ? I was it . So , then you 'd know pretty much everything there is to know about this contraption that the Professor was working on . Everything except why it backfired . Backfired ? Something must have gone wrong with Calisto . The machine . Ames named her . Why don 't you tell us what this thing does ? We were working on anti-matter containment ... You have to break that down for me because I don 't really speak science . Our world is made up of matter . There 's also anti-matter . And when you contain and harness anti-matter , if ... if that 's even possible . You would have access to unlimited clean energy . Provided if you could figure out how to sustain it beyond milliseconds . Yeah . We 've had ours in , seven to eight hours . [ KNOCKS ] What ? ! Ladies ... Can I help you ? Yeah , there 's a really creepy guy in the neighborhood who is giving us trouble . Where is this creepy guy ? What 's the address here ? [ FIGHTING GRUNTS ] ♪ [ FIGHTING GRUNTS ] ♪ [ FIGHTING GRUNTS ] ♪ [ FIGHTING GRUNTS ] ♪ It 's clear . I think we 'll be right at home here . Spearheading a competitive new technology like this you 're about to make a few enemies . Yeah , we have threats all the time . Threats ? I mean , probably the machine just backfired . These threats were they credible threats ? Did you report them ? We logged them with police . Especially this one group " Stop Mad Scientist " ... They threatened they 'd burn down the lab . The leaders ' name is Vincent . Can you can think of anybody else ? Well , I know the military was always offering to finance the project . But the Professor wouldn 't accepted . Although , I think towards the end , he may have been buckling . Shane ... How easy would it be to rig Calisto to backfire ? That person would have to be pretty advanced in the technology but yeah , I suppose one could do it . Is there a way for us to access the Professor 's files on Calisto ? You can 't , but I can . His files are on a backup system that I designed ... What the ... No ... No ! Problem ? The files ... the files are gone . There must be another backup . No , no . You don 't understand . This was the backup . This is the safest form of storage . Pretty good design you got there . It 's just whoever could do that ... Shane , are you okay ? Focus , Shane . Somebody must have hacked in . Look , I know this may sound crazy , but , whoever killed Ames , could they be after me next ? He 's hiding something . You think ? What 's your guess ? Motive ? Too early to tell . Play along . You clearly have a theory and you clearly want to tell me . You first . Fine , you think he murdered Ames and covered up his crime . But , based on what evidence ? Based on listening to my gut . You should try it some time . I listen . No ... You watch . And you calculate . Which is a good tactic . But I think you should trust your instincts once in a while . So , what made you ask him if the research was stolen ? Seemed like a good possibility so I went with it . Why ? Put yourself in my position . You get this new partner who 's got her nose buried in classified intelligence , I don 't know what you know or how you know it . Wow , secretive and smart . Doesn 't get any worse than that . Well look at you . Wondered when you were gonna come around . Don 't try to get up . Let me call the doctor . Yes . That 's $ 10,000 on the Leafs to win . Yeah , I know it 's a long shot . Wow ! You like it ? It 's friggin ' beautiful ... Let 's go try it on . Wait ! You know , my mom and I are really grateful for you helping to fix up the house and paying off the mortgage but ... You 're like old enough to be my dad . It 's not like that . Nothing like that at all . I told you . Your father looked out for me . He was kind of like an older brother . I know how hard you and your mom have had it since he died . I 'm just paying it forward . Okay . Good . Let 's go try on some dresses . - Hey , just do me one favor , Ok ? - What 's that ? When you have a grandson one day , and you will , promise me you 'll let him jump on the bed and eat lots of candy , Ok ? Okay , I promise . Great . It 's not like I wanted to hire a skywriter to write " I told you so " over Yaletown , but yeah I felt a little vindicated by Ames ' accident . Now maybe people will finally wake up and see one more technological miracle on its way to being weaponized . Is that what you think Ames was doing Mr. Vincent , making weapons ? You don 't ? I used to be in that field before I realized the lie they were trying to sell us . Clean energy , bullshit . Clean genocide is more like it . The first green war . Thank you . [ APPLAUSE ] The only people scarier than the scientists who invent this stuff are the people ready to cash in ... And who would they be ? Military , weapons manufacturers , Contractors , freelancers , you name it . It 's all about the violence . But not for you . I mean , you did threaten Ames ' life ... No , I said we 'd burn down his lab . Sounds like someone saved me the trouble . You just told us you were in the field . You could have programmed the machine to backfire . Look , you don 't get it . We 're a peaceful organization . We 're trying to stop the people who are using technology as a weapon . It 's not the science . It 's the user who 's motivations are suspect . Look , if you two want someone to pin it on , check out Melissa Dobek . Ames ' partner in crime . We weren 't told of any partner . Well , former partner . She grew unhappy with the ' Division of Intellectual Property and had a falling out . If anyone wanted him dead , it was her . Did you get that ? Yeah , I got it . Searching connections . Melissa Dobek and Martin Ames . His vitals are stable but his memory is gone . He doesn 't seem to know where he is . Melissa Dobek and Martin Ames association goes back to 2007 . Both were professors in the same University department Before they left to form their own company . So what are you thinking ? I 'm thinking there is more to their relationship than six proprietary patents including one covering the production of thermal anti-neutrons ... Anti-matter ... Did anybody ever tell you , you watched too much Star Trek as a kid ? Martin and I pioneered nano materials for anti-matter containment ... Nuclear residue won 't go away , but antimatter ... it wants to disappear . So containment 's everything . Ok , so you ... well , you and Professor Ames ... figured out a way to contain it ? The scale was very small . I wanted to take it slow . But Martin had a much more ambitious agenda . I thought it was reckless . So when you left the university and your company split up , it looks like Ames held onto all the patents . So even in death he got the better of you . You want me to dance on his grave ? I won 't do that . Our differences were very public . I thought Martin 's work would eventually kill someone . I just didn 't know it would be him . A suspicious person might say that only a handful of people are knowledgeable enough to program this device to backfire on him ... And that you 'd be one of them . If you 're suggesting that I was involved , that 's completely false . I don 't think anyone was accusing you . Actually , I was . Somebody took critical research files from the professor 's laboratory . I didn 't take them . And the worst I ever did to Martin was wish him dead . That 's not a crime , is it ? Not yet . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] Fonnegra . Okay . We have to get back to the precinct . Dillon wants to see me . We 'll be in touch Ms. Dobek . Inspector , you wanted to see me ? Yes , thank you . Detective Fonnegra , this is Lieutenant General Rogers from the Judge Advocate General 's Office . Is there something I can do for the Department of Defense ? You can cease the investigation into the Martin Ames matter . And turn whatever you have over to my office . We 'll take it from here . With respect sir ... I 've got leads that could go cold if I just walk away . We 're not being given any choice . I admire your sense of duty . But we consider the death of Professor Ames and the theft of his work to be a matter of national security . You are to hand over all of your case files to General Rogers team . Is that clear ? Yeah , it 's clear . Well , what do you think ? At this price it 's a steal . Very , very nice . It 's very , very nice . I 'll take it . Why aren 't you talking to me ? You think I had something to do with this case being taken away from you . Your business is secrecy , right ? Cover-ups ... plausible deniability . You probably even know that General in there . Am I right ? I 'm not your enemy , Carlos . And if the government wants to take charge of this investigation then I 'm sure they have a good reason That wouldn 't bother you ? ! Why would it ? Because they took my case , Keira . You take that personally ? And you don 't . Look , maybe we can find another angle on this . Find another way to fight our way back in somehow . Ames ' grad student . Shane Mathers . We need to talk to him again . The general tight-ass closed that door . We need to find a new lead . Mathers told us the military was interested to funding Ames ' project but Ames said no . Maybe there was other interest . Like your gang ? You think you can buy me time to get Section six working on this ? I 'm sure I can probably work that out for you . I mean , it 's going to take me at least tomorow morning before I can turn all this over to the military . Thank you . ♪ Mr. Mathers ... I told you everything I know . Did anyone else other than the military express interest in Professor Ames ' research ? Not that I know of . Can I go now ? Please ? [ CELL PHONE BUZZING ] Sorry , I gotta go . Boy , Mr. Paranoid or what ? Think he 's hiding something ? Alec ... I was kidding - nevermind . I need to know who sent that text . Approximate time received , 10 : 23 . Checking ... Melissa Dobek texted Shane Mathers while we were interrogating him . I 'm guessing you didn 't get a court order for a phone records search ? I didn 't have to . While I was speaking with him today , she texted him a second time . And I saw her name come up on his phone . You did ? No , but if you knew how I really found out you 'd be upset . Why would the victim 's assistant be getting a text from a bitter rival on the morning after the murder ? Guys ! I had an RSS out for anyone in red jumpsuits like our gang . This just started airing on TV . Hospital officials are asking for your help in locating this man , who wandered away from St. Paul 's Hospital this afternoon . The unidentified patient was found disoriented this morning That 's ... Edouard Kagame . The leader of the gang ? Its heart and soul . He 's the one behind all of their activity . We need to stop this broadcast . It 's already been in rotation ... Forty minutes . Then it 's only a matter time before the killing begins in earnest . Unless we find him first . ♪ You know it 's not look so bad , lots of space , a nice TV . Hydroponics in the basement ... [ LAUGHS ] ( TV REPORTER ) : Hospital officials are asking your help in locating this man who wandered away from St. Paul 's hospital this afternoon . My god . Kagame ... he made it . How will we find him ? The rally point . Kagame set one in case we became separated . If I 'm right , that 's where he 'll head . He can 't just have disappeared . I 'm monitoring RSS . Patrol cars are running a street sweep spiraling outward from St Paul 's . Alec ! I 've got feeds from all the CTV cameras , ATM and security cameras . There is no sign of Kagame so far . Keep looking . They will . I 've got another piece of news you may or may not want to hear . Problem ? Help yourself . Kiera actually taking a note . I 'm impressed . No . Melissa Dobek . How close are we to Melissa Dobek 's office ? Not far , why ? This is bordering on harassment , Detectives . I told the military investigators that I have no idea what happened to Martin 's work . Anything else you want to know , you can ask my lawyer . Like , for example , why you failed to disclose your legal challenge to your ex-partner 's patents ? Or should we ask you about that ? He might not know since you withdrew them and had the record sealed as a condition of your settlement . Not that it 's any of your business , but I didn 't see the point . I withdrew that challenge on advice of my then attorneys . So you just shrugged and let it go ? I find that hard to believe . Believe what you want . Why did you text Shane Mathers , yesterday , just hours after the body was found ? I expressed my sympathies ... my shock ... I don 't remember the exact words . And then again this morning . Were you synchronizing your stories ? We 're done . Failing to mention your involvement with Professor Ames closest assistant is a pretty serious omission of fact . Is that what he told you ? No , actualy , that 's what you just told us . How long have you been sleeping with him ? Shane and I had a ... fling . I 'm not proud of it , but it 's over . I 'm engaged . Ouch . Awkward . And Shane ... does he know that he 's the odd man out ? Did you ask him that ? I thought not . Goodbye Detectives . Don 't come back without a warrant . You say you 're free . You point to your Constitution , your bill of rights . What rights ? You were born into crushing debt , to parents without hope , and your only right is to work for the corporation until you pay it off ... Except that can never happen because everything you need , they provide ... Your shelter , your food , your water , and it all sends you deeper into the abyss of slavery ... But all that can change my friends ... we have the power to free ourselves . To take back what we 've lost : our independence , our dignity , our very souls ... to take back our liberty . Liberate yourselves my brothers and sisters , Liberate ... Liberate ... ( ALL ) : Liberate , Liberate , Liberate , Liberate ... ( POLICE ) : You are in violation of the penal code . Remain calm . This is a place of refuge . No ! We have the right to be here , this is a peaceful assembly ! I won 't go ! Ahh ! Any word on Kagame ? Still monitoring . Everyone 's on alert . Dillon wants to see you . Patent infringement ? It has only recently come to my attention that there may have been a prior theft of intellectual propeyy that is unrelated to the murder of professor Ames . Unrelated . I see . Well then , if in fact your 're totaly unrelated investigation happens to lead you to Professor Ames murderer , I want to be the first to know . Because I 'm going to enjoy calling that dumb-ass from National Defense to tell him that we just solved his case . I took the liberty of having the unit pick up matters . They 're en-route . How long were you involved with Melissa Dobek ? Is that why I 'm here ? Are you accusing me of dating my former boss ? We know she texted you within hours of Ames ' death . Uh-huh ... Al right then , look , I just , I didn 't want to implicate her for no reason . What about that text would have implicated her ? Did you kill Professor Ames ? What ? No ! The device killed him . Ok , he brought this on himself . He was pushing a new technology too aggressively . I understand . It wasn 't just himself he was putting at risk . No . I came very close to quitting several times . It got to the point where I couldn 't sleep ... thinking about what we might be unleashing . You were creating something very powerful , something you didn 't fully understand . But Melissa did . Melissa had nothing to do with this ! To do with what , Shane ? The plot to kill Ames ? She 's a good person , and Martin couldn 't hold a candle to her as a scientist . But he took all the patents . He took all the credit . If you really cared about her you would 've done something . You would 've help her get justice . No . It would 've been very easy for you to sabotage Calisto ... You knew the experiment , you helped design it . Did you know that Melissa was engaged ? You didn 't , did you ? She played you the whole time . Did you hand the files over to her ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . I 'm talking about charging you with conspiring to kill Martin Ames . I didn 't conspire with anyone ! But you admit to killing him . We have all your communications . The truth will come out . You are both going down . No ... I acted alone . Shane , come on ... You don 't have to fall on your light saber for her . She 's behind this . We both know that . No . You 're wrong about her . You want a confession , you 've got one , but I acted alone . What did you do with the research ? I deleted it so no one could ever use it again . Why is he protecting her ? I don 't know , I 've seen guys do a lot of crazy things for love . There has to be a way to get to her without his testimony . Keira , we 've already bent the rules to breaking . We have to let the military take it from here . Kiera , I found him . Phone call , sorry . - Repeat ? - Kagame . On a cloud based photo backup from a tourist . He 's at the Sun Yat Sen Gardens . We 've got a confirmed sighting of your Edouard Kagame . The Buddhist Temple at the Sun Yat Sen Gardens . That 's five minutes from here . Call us backup . Take the west entrance . I 'll take the east and we 'll meet up in the temple in the middle . Carlos . We 've got company , moving towards your position . Back-up 's on the way . Let 's get to Kagame first . You 're under arrest ! For what ? For what you 're going to do . How do you know what I 'm going to do ? Given your past history indiscretions , play God , change history , I 've spent my entire life making decisions that could affect millions ... That 's what I do . [ BABY CRYING ] Release him and I 'll spare the child 's life . We both get what we want before blood shed . I 'm glad to see you , Travis . [ BABY CRYING ] I guess we 're shooting our way out after all . Another time . Count on it . Let 's move . [ BABY CRYING ] It 's okay . Keira ! What the hell happened ? Where is Kagame ? He was here ... We were too late . We had them . So what do we do ? We let them add to their numbers . By all accounts you avoided a public bloodbath . That 's something . Keira ? Excuse me . What is it , Alec ? I checked the surveillance footage at the Temple , like you asked . There 's no images of you and Kagame having your little tete a tete . Thank you . I also thought you should know . Melissa Dobek just booked herself on a flight to Costa Rica . That case is over , Alec . Professor Ames' murder was solved with the arrest of Shane Mathers . We don 't have the evidence to charge her . Yeah , until now . Would it interest you to know that there was a second backup of Ames ' research after all ? Mathers just thought he had the only one . Guess who has the other ? ( PA ) : Final boarding call to Costa Rica . Dr. Dobek . Off on a get-away so to speak . Long-standing travel plans . Well , I 'm afraid they 're going to have to change . I don 't understand . Your sometime-boyfriend Shane Mathers ? He 's been arrested in the conspiracy to kill Martin Ames . He admitted rigging Calista to backfire . Whatever Shane may have done , I had nothing to do with it . That 's exactly what he said . Until he found out that you were ... how shall I put this ? Otherwise engaged ? If he misconstrued my rants about how dangerous Ames ' experiments were , I can 't help that . So you deny any involvement in the conspiracy ? Absolutely . You just slept with your rival 's assistant because he was devastatingly attractive . Here is that warrant you requested . Just tell me , did you want Ames dead because he was selling it to the military , or because you wanted the research for yourself ? It 's all there . Please ... do not turn that data over to the military . You know what they 'll do with it . It won 't be about renewable energy . Melissa ! I 'm so sorry that I 'm late . There was a stall on the bridge and my phone is dead . Who 's this ? Drew , my fiancee . ( PA ) : Melissa Dobek and Drew Laroche report to Gate 34 for immediate boarding . Doors are closing ... So you 'll be Melissa Laroche ? Sweetheart , this isn 't going to be easy to explain ... Can we have a moment ? Wait ... You 're going to be needing this . Thank you . 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... That 's crazy . Security Grid 's up . How did you do that ? Promotion , remember ? Sadtech 's latest rollout in partnership with Laroche Energy . Thousands of redundant mini fusion reactors linked in a network . No more centralized reactors means no more easy targets for the terrorists . They will just find other things to target . Other parts of the infrastructure . No , they 're scrambling . A bunch of revolutionary malcontents who think an insurgency will change everything . They 're on the run ... If you really want to do something about them , you should join the CPS . They 're recruiting . With your military service you 'd be a lock for Protector . You know I 've always wanted to . I 'm ready , whenever you are . I know . But let 's be honest , it 's gonna take more than a few blackouts to tear me away from my most important job . The fact that you were slightly further from the device when it went off may have accounted for your different arrival time . Makes you wonder who else might be coming through ? Or who already has . It doesn 't matter . What matters is that we 've all been given the most precious gift life offers . A second chance . Who has been in charge in my absence ? I have . You 've lost soldiers . We 've become more vigilant . We have to be . There 's a war coming . How can you be so sure ? Because we 're going to start it . No , no , no , no ! It 's okay ... - It 's me ... Alec . - Alec ? The guy in your head . Did you really think breaking into my apartment was the best way to introduce yourself ? I 'm sorry . Just I 've got tired of waiting . I found your suit . So , you were going through my things ? It 's way ahead of anything I 've imagined . It 's even better when it works . I was going through to my dad 's notes ... maybe a way to trigger the self-repair mechanism . I told you I didn 't want you to get involved . I guess I 'm like you . A little stubborn . How long will you need it for ? It 's not like dry cleaning ... You have dry cleaning in the future ? Water 's at a premium . So , all cleaning is dry cleaning . Pulse vibration . Eight seconds . Thirty credits . At least it won 't take longer . I noticed today , you turned off your HUD a couple of times . I don 't get it . I was curious . Doesn 't make it your job harder ? Your tech can tell you so much more . Alec , I have to confront the possibility that if my suit can 't be repaired , I have to do my job without it . I thought maybe you were trusting your gut instead of your tech . Like Carlos . I was . Felt good . Why did you let that woman go ? I had no choice . But you knew Ames ' assistant wasn 't acting alone . That 's not the point . Then what is the point ? Every student in the union learns about Melissa Laroche in school . She solved the global energy crisis with her development of clean fusion . She is going to do great things with Ames research . Important things . So important she gets away with murder ? I 'm not happy with it , but if I make the wrong decision , millions could be affected . So , if these scientists are playing God , in a way , so are you ... It 's messed up . [ Phone rings ] What ? They 're gonna use me to get to you . Get to me how ? So you gonna tell me why I 've been chased and shot at ? That 's complicated . What 's going on ? They 're targeting my family .
