 " Free beer " ? ! Free beer . Free beer . Free beer . Free beer . Free beer-beer-beer-beer-beer - beer-beer-beer-beer-beer ! Free ... ! Hello . I 'm here for the free beer . You got it . Right after these 800 people get it . Beer , beer-beer , beer-beer . Beer ? Ah ... yeah ! Thank you , headless clone of Agnew . My fellow Earthicans , I 'm proud to announce I 'm running for reelection as Ppresident of Earth , the greatest planet in the world . Is everyone enjoying their free beer ? Well , there 's plenty more where that came from . We 're all out of beer . All right , listen up , nitwits . Who here is tired of illegal space aliens taking our good earth jobs ? Me , too . So , if I 'm reelected , I promise to build a really big Dyson fence across the Southern border of our solar system . And furthermore , by golly , I promise to cut taxes for the rich and use the poor as a cheap source of teeth for aquarium gravel . Yeah ! That 'll show those poor ! Why are you cheering , Fry ? You 're not rich . True , but someday I might be rich . And then people like me better watch their step . Let 's just find Bender . Ah , that hit the spot . I found Bender ! Good news , everyone . Wha ... ? I 've repaired myself with these convenient " Reelect Nixon " ass stickers . Go Nixon ! Bender , you can 't even vote . You 're a convicted felon . Convicted , sentenced and executed . But Nixon passed a law that says ex-cons can vote again ... As long as they vote for Nixon . But Nixon 's the worst president in history and alternate history . The rest of you aren 't voting for him , are you ? Sure , we are ! Why not ? Of course ! Spluh ! He may not be perfect , but do we really want some unknown new guy ? I 'll stick with the evil maniac I know , thank you . Well , I think we can do better . This year , I 'm going to get involved in the political process and make my voice heard . What ? Welcome to debate 3012 , the 3,012th debate of the 3012 election year . We have a crowded field of candidates , so I will dispense with the informal terrorizing and begin the questions . Is this the political process ? 'cause I 'm here to get involved in it . Silence ! Question one : Will you pledge today to somehow reduce taxes while simultaneously lowering the deficit ? Hey , that 's a good idea . Sure . If it 'll win me the election , then yes . We have a saying up in Alaska . That 's all . Senator Travers ? Look , let 's be honest here . No one likes taxes , but they pay for our basic needs : Roads , schools , defense . If we hope to realize our aspirations as a great planet , we must each pay our fair share to achieve those noble goals . Thank you , Senator . A thoughtful and lucid answer . You will be destroyed ! Question two : The environment , yes or no ? No . It 's junk science . Two words : Condor attack . Don 't want that . Got to say no . Now , just a minute . These are important issues . We can 't just reduce them to sound bites . According to reputable scientists ... Enviromite ! Hello ? I 'd like to volunteer . Is anyone lurking ? Hey , stop that . Senator Travers ? That 's no way to win an election . I give up . No one cares about my message . I never should have used the same pr guy as one hour hot dog . People will wait for something good . No , don 't quit . You have great ideas . You just need to get them out there with social media . Look , I posted your debate video on Facebag . 10,000 views ? That 's more than most water-skiing squirrels get . You really think I have a chance ? Absolutely . We just need to conceal your intelligence and honesty in a hipper , dumber package . Well , what have I got to lose ? I 'm making you my new campaign manager . You , out ! You haven 't heard the last of m ... As the Iowa caucus approaches , the state 's hippest citizens turned out for an old-fashioned flash mob . Chris Travers got a bump in the new Hampshire polls today , where he simuldined in 250 diners at once via hologram . This pie at this diner is the best pie . Chris Travers wins the South California primary handily , thanks to a series of well-placed cameo appearances . Super Tuesday is in the books , with Eurasia , Australia and Kentucky turning out in big numbers . With the race a dead heat , it 's all come down to a final tally at the convention . And the first runner-up , who will take over if the nominee is caught with a dead girl , a live boy or any kind of sexy ghost ... Mr. Greenland ! Which means our nominee is the Senator from the nation-state of Hawaii , Chris Travers ! He won the nomination ! We the people did it ! It wasn 't " we the people " . It was you the mutant . Your insightful nagging really won us over . Yeah . You explained his positions in a way even an idiot could understand . And that appealed to me , for whatever reason . Thanks , guys , but we have a lot of work ahead of us . If we 're going to win the election , we 've all got to get involved . You said it ! That 's right . If you want my opinion , Nixon 's only chance to defeat Travers is with filthy lies , dirty tricks and good old Quaker thuggery . And I 'm just the guy for the job . I 'm not sure if it 's safe to talk . Are you wearing a wire ? I 'm 40 % wire . Excellent . Now , listen . We got to get some dirt on this Travers guy . Really McGovern him up . You know who McGovern was , right ? I don 't even know who you are . Hello , dirt . I 'll start at " n " for nude pictures . Aw , Nobel prize ? That 's no good . How about " a " for adultery ? What ? Straight-a transcript ? Hey , what 's that rifling sound ? Uh-oh . All right . I 'm going to catch Travers on video at this sleazy strip club . In and out of the club 13 times in one night . That 's a record . Where 's Travers ? All I see is you going in and out . Yeah , me . I set the record . This is as useless as those pictures you photoshopped . Look , just give me one more chance . I got a source . Well , you did manage to get a tremendous urine sample . Let 's not talk about that . Is that you , big throat ? In the flesh . Listen , I need some dirt on Senator Chris Travers . How quaint . But I suppose I should do my part for political intercourse . Come closer , and I 'll expose what I know . There 's nothing . He 's as clean as a freshly waxed buttock . Hey ! Did you put your tongue in my ear ? Certainly not . I don 't have a tongue . Oh , good . 'cause I don 't have an ear . Come on , come on , fall . Fall , damn it , fall ! Well ? What did you get on Travers ? Is he a draft dodger ? Sex offender ? Sex dodger ? Nada . He 's clean . I 'm sorry , but there 's not one unusual thing about Senator Chris Zaxxar Travers . Wait , wait . His middle name is Zaxxar ? Sounds kind of alien . The voters hate aliens . They sure do , but this guy 's as human as you or me . I don 't care what he is . We 'll start a rumor that he 's an alien . Hey , yeah . That 'll cost him votes . Then , when he says he was born on this planet , we make him cough up his earth certificate . Keep it on the news , put him on the defensive . Oh , this is sneaky . I feel a jowl movement coming on . And that 's how you end hunger . Does anyone have any questions ? I do , I do ! Me , Bender ! Yes , the robot with the megaphone jumping up and down . I have a question for Senator c . Zaxxar Travers . Tell me , Zaxxar ... Were you even born on earth ? Because the earth constitution clearly states that only people born on earth can be president . Isn 't that right , Justice Ruth Dader Ginsburg ? You Ruth Bader believe it ! But-but ... I ... Of course I was born on earth . Oh , really ? Then we voters demand you release your earth certificate so I can then claim it 's a fake . I 'm not going to dignify this preposterous charge . Are there any real questions ? Scoop Chang , fox quote-unquote news . Senator , in the last ten seconds , I 've heard reports you weren 't actually born on earth . Care to evade these compelling charges ? No . I mean , yes . I mean ... Okay , let 's nip this earther movement in the bud by releasing your earth certificate . Where were you born ? Our lady of patriotism hospital . Patriotism , good . Where is it ? Kenya . Cradle of humanity . Leel this is just a stupid distraction from the issues . Please don 't look for my earth certificate . Hey ! That was my favorite window . I better see what they want . We want an earthling , not a dirty space thing ! Why are you rednecks doing this ? Leela , don 't stereotype . Why are you yokels doing this ? I may be just a backwoods septic tank , but I 've had it up to here with you foreigners . But I come from earth . Then show us yer earth whatchacallit . Long-form certificate of live birth . What would it take to convince you people ? Would I have to have been born right before your eyes ? It wouldn 't hurts . Hit it , rubes ! We don 't want a foreigner ! We want someone born here ! Ah , I 'm still working on that one . What 's wrong with you ? Why are you sabotaging a decent , honest candidate ? 'cause they won 't let me near the hoover dam anymore . Ooh . What a bunch of xenophobes . It 's time to find Senator Travers ' earth certificate and put an end to this nonsense . Who wants to help me break into the hospital in Kenya ? I 'll come . As long as there 's no xenophobes there . I want to come , too . You ? Why ? To prove that I can put divisive partisan politics aside to participate in a break-in . Hospital ho ! Shh . It 's a herd of night watchmen . I found it ! I don 't understand . There 's no earth certificate in here . No , there isn 't . I told you not to look . So , you 're not from earth after all . Of course I 'm from earth . Wait a second . There 's no earth certificate , but it does say your mother was admitted to the maternity ward ... this morning ! I should have known the truth would come out sooner or later . The fact is , I really was born on earth ... tomorrow . You see , I 'm not from another planet . I 'm from the future . This is crazy . You 're from the future ? Yes . I was sent back from the year 3028 to prevent Nixon from getting elected . I was sent forward from the year 2000 , but you don 't hear me gassing on about it . But why would it be so important to stop Nixon ? Because of the horrific events he 's going to set in motion . Oh , God . I can 't bring myself to describe it . Oh , well . Want to hear about how I got frozen ? Not really . It all started with Nixon 's promise to build an alien-proof fence around the solar system . Without cheap alien labo for menial jobs like harvesting crops , teaching math and curing disease , the economy collapsed . Starvation . Desperation . Despair . So far , so good . Then what ? Unable to feed the world 's starving masses , Nixon took bold action . In this time of crisis , I call upon the soylent major ... I mean silent majority . Still good . With the working class gone , robots were forced to do all the menial labor . Before long , they rose up in revolt Led by a bending unit named b.B. Rodriguez . Wait ... I know a robot named b.B. Rodriguez ! Wait ... I am a robot named b.B. Rodriguez . So , I become ruler of earth ? Indeed . Yes ! In your face , high school guidance counselor . The robots crushed our most treasured monuments and celebrities , but they couldn 't crush the human spirit . We went into hiding , and after careful research , located a xeroxed copy of an ancient time travel code . Though I was only 15 , mankind entrusted me with its last remaining suit and tie and sent me back in time . I would be raised by my grandparents , somehow get into Harvard law school , become a community organizer , a Senator and finally ... Defeat Richard Nixon . I escaped just as the robots arrived . All right , I 'm low on bullets . Everybody scooch together . It 's not too late . You can still win the election . No , I can 't . The Earthers are right . I have no earth certificate . But you will have one in just a few hours . And everyone will know it 's real , cause we 'll broadcast your birth on live TV . If it 's on TV , it has to be real . Morbo interrupts " Bowling For Quatloos " to present breaking coverage of the birth of Senator Chris Traver we now go live to the delivery room , where we 're already at there . Ow ! Ck , please . She needs room . Thanks . Not you . The camerawoman needs room . This is it , ladies and gentlemen . The candidate is ... I believe he 's crowning ! Push , mom , push . You can do it . I bet nothing comes out . Just you watch . Here comes the head . And now the neck . Linda , I 'm down here at the pelvis , and folks round these parts can 't remember the last time a time-traveling Senator attended his own birth . Back to you . Thanks , Morbo . You be careful down there . And the candidate is born ! We have a birth ... Repeat , we have a birth . Aw ... he 's got his own eyes . Well , who 'd have thunk it . He was born all right , just like he said . And with the polls now closed in every time zone worldwide , from Tomorrowland to the Republic of yesterday , we are able to declare a winner . Chris Travers , who leapt backwards in time and ahead in the polls , has defeated Richard Nixon . He did it ! He did it ! Yes ! Congratulations , Mr. president . It 's all thanks to you , Leela . You stood by me and exposed my private medical records , even after I begged you not to . Aw , thanks . Now , get up to that podium and change the world . Too bad your pal Xon lost , Bender . You must be pretty glorked off . Nope . I don 't give a bag of butts who won the election . Nothing 's going to change . What ? How can you say that ? Watch and learn . My fellow Earthicans , I am honored and humbled to stand before you tonight as your next president . Together , we will ... Hey , what 's-what 's going on ? What 's happening ? You see , since Nixon wasn 't elected , the robot uprising didn 't happen and Travers never got sent back from the future . It 's politics 101 . And the votes are in . Richard Nixon , running unopposed , has been reelected by a narrow landslide . Say what ? My fellow Earthicans , I am honored and humbled to gloat before you tonight as your next president . Wow , it really doesn 't matter who you vote for . At least we tried to make a difference by supporting Senator ... Senator ... What was his name again ? Uh , I don 't remember . We never even left this building . What ? Nixon always wins !
