 Previously on Continuum ... My suit is damaged . You told my dad about me being at the riot . You sold me out . I mean I don 't know what you know or how you know it ... Smart and secretive , it doesn 't get any worse than that . I don 't know why you trust that guy . I don 't trust him . Okay ... To SadTec 's new Cascadia resident evil genius . It 's not every day my best friend gets access to billions of credits . Just a slip of the decimal point could erase our life debt completely . All right , come on now . Another bottle ! We 've had enough . You 're no fun . She is no fun . Excuse me , I 'll be right back . Cheers . Cheers . Hey tiger , the men 's room ... back that way . I 'm exactly where I wanna be . What are you doing ? Don 't tell me you haven 't felt the same way . I 've seen you ... You call yourself Greg 's best friend ? Get out ! So , big plans tonight ? I 'm gonna go home , I 'm gonna take off my shoes , I 'm gonna order dinner and then I 'm gonna go to bed . You ? Oh , order pizza , probably crack a beer . Probably watch a sports channel and fall asleep on the couch . Need a ride home ? Oh ... hold on . Fonnegra ... Hold on a second . Sure . You should ask him out to dinner ! What ? No ! I 'm married . I 'm not talking about a date . I 'm talking about socializing with a coworker . You know , breaking bread , letting your guard down . It 's something we humans did in 2012 , it 's called friendship . I have friends . In 2012 ? Ask him out . So if you 're not doing anything tonight ... Sorry , that was a friend . You 'll be okay to find your way home ? Oh , yeah no problem . See you tomorrow . That sucks , I 'm sorry . Great . Okay , so you got me home . Give me my keys . I can make it in myself . A gentleman always walks a lady to the door . Okay , you can go now . Don 't even wanna tell me your side of the story ? I just had a few quick questions . Jim 's the one who 's all " get out of here or I 'll call the police " . Wait , you went over there as a reporter , not as a friend ? I can 't talk about it . Come on , what ? Is this an election story ? Something about Jim 's campaign ? You wouldn 't understand . Of course I wouldn 't . Better ? No . Alicia ... just don 't go there , okay ? I 'm going there . Tall mocha macchiato , right ? Is it poisoned ? Can 't a guy just buy a girl a coffee ? That 's the thing ... it 's never just a coffee . What do you need ? I have procured the access codes to several government and private telecom feeds that cover the west coast . Satellite , cellular , imagery data ... the works . I 'm thrilled . Why do I care ? You know , once we figure out how to use the codes , you can track down Kagame and the gang before they come after you . Don 't you mean come after you ? What ? Well , since we happen to be in the same boat ... You need me to make the codes work . No ! But I uh , I did write down the name of a , of a ... you mind ? Of a guy who knows a woman that might know a programmer ... Really ? Well what do you know ... he 's early . You making some friends ? He was lost . Those for me ? How was it last night with your friend ? Oh , fine . I didn 't stay long . Went home , watched the game . You ? It was good . There 's a place near my house and it has the best pizza so I just ... Wait , wait . What address did they just say ? Uh , dead body , 126 Venables street . 2077 . My time , my city , my family . When terrorists killed thousands of innocents , they were condemned to die . They had other plans . A time travel device sent us all back 65 years . I want to get home but I can 't be sure what I will return to if history is changed . Their plan , to corrupt and control the present in order to win the future . What they didn 't plan on was me . 1x07 - The Politics of Time - Cleaning person found the body about 8 AM . Can 't say how long she 's been dead . Five to seven hours . I 'd like to take primary on her , sir . We were first on the scene . Okay , you got primary . Just remember , a reporter is dead . This could be a very high profile case . I want everything done by the book , okay ? Yes sir . I 'll keep you informed . She 's been dead about five to seven hours , but you probably already knew that . Hey ! You uh , wanna put one of these on ? Thanks . Ligature marks on her neck , petechial hemorrhaging ... death is probably due to strangulation . Maybe it was after sex . There are some pretty kinky sex toys in the bedroom and the bed 's a mess . Witnesses ? Neighbours said no one saw or heard anything . Hey , your dad wants us to fix the fence in the back acre . Yeah , well why don 't you do it yourself traitor . I 'm not the one who ran off and joined the demonstrators . Yeah , and you just couldn 't wait to tell him about it . Now he took the keys to my truck and my cell phone . You blame me ? You 're the one who screwed up . So much for brotherly love . Jim , we 've been friends for 20 years . I need you to explain exactly what happened last night , okay ? I get a call from you to come over to your house and pick up Alicia . I get there , I find you two screaming at each other . And then Alicia 's dead . Alicia said she had some dirt on me that she was going to publish . I asked her to leave , she refused . She threatened to make a scene , you know how she gets . She 's like her mother . What kind of dirt ? Election financing irregularities . So this wasn 't true what she had on you ? No , of course it wasn 't Carlos . I can see the headline now , union president Jim Martin fights with reporter the night she was killed . I 'm gonna lose this election tomorrow . Look , I can keep you out of this okay , for a couple of days . Carlos , I don 't want ... Jim ... I 'll handle it . Alicia Fuentes , she was an investigative reporter for The Post . Cause of death was strangulation and there were no signs of forced entry , but there was a struggle . As of now there is no DNA from the perp . I heard she was sexually assaulted . Perp was wearing a condom . Did she have enemies ? She was an investigative reporter , if she was doing her job , she had enemies . She was always dissing Nelson Barnes , saying he was in the pocket of management , ignoring the welfare if his constituents . Nelson Barnes ... Incumbent union president , runs the ATSU . Amalgamated Transport and Shipping Union ? The biggest union in the country ? It 's got almost 300,000 workers and controls a pension worth billions of dollars . You know , if she did in fact have some proof that Barnes was cozying up to management , that could cost him the upcoming election . There 's your motive . Okay . Jansen , Everheart ... I need you to canvas the neighbourhood . Betty , I need you to get all the surveillance footage from the building and surrounding CCTV cameras . Concentrate on all the footage from 2 AM on . On it . Let 's go talk to Barnes . Okay . Kiera , you have a second ? This case really isn 't in your wheelhouse and I 'd rather not take you away from your investigation of gang activity . Actually sir , the gang has been known to organize union sympathizers . If Miss Fuentes was investigating a union election , well there may be a tie in . Okay . If there 's no tie in I want you back at your desk . Yes , sir . Kiera ? I 've got a suit update . I 'll be right there Carlos . I managed to reanimate most of the circuitry at the basic level . Is it usable ? Uh , not quite . There 's a lot of interface files I 'm trying to access but I 'm running some tests . This baby should be working pretty soon . Keep me posted . Don 't break it ! Don 't break it ... You knew Alicia . You two were friends . You 're the one who told me to start trusting my instincts . Am I wrong ? My family left Columbia with a group of other families and their kids . Alicia was one of them . I 've known her since ... since before I can remember . Alicia was beyond family . Look , thanks for staying on the case . I know you , I know you lied about the involvement of the gang . I just stretched the truth . It 's what friends do , right ? Yeah . Alicia Fuentes was trying to fabricate dirt on my campaign finances . But she found nothing that was illegal . So you weren 't taking money from management and selling your constituents down the river ? Contributions come into my campaign fund from all over but I answer only to my members when it comes to voting . I wasn 't the only one Miss Fuentes was investigating , you should check out my opponent . I heard Jim Martin runs a clean campaign . Nobody slides up the political ranks without a little grease . Are you speaking from experience Mr. Barnes ? Miss Fuentes found out Jim had a big campaign contributor with the kind of funds that grass roots can 't provide . Jim is selling himself as the candidate who can 't be bought , so there 's a story there somewhere . At least there was . Oh , and I 'm sure she got that from a reputable source . Mr. Barnes , where were you last night ? Campaign rally , lots of witnesses . But a man in your position , you must know people that can get things done . Make people go away . My assistant will get you that list of witnesses . Thank you , sir . So , I 've been trying to figure out how to repair the injured circuits ... I 'm just gonna cut out the damaged parts . Don 't cut it ! It 'll only make it worse . Shoot . What ? Holy moly . Oh God Alec , what did you do ? So I know Carlos said he wanted to see footage after 2 AM , but I was thinking , what if someone was waiting for her or followed her home ? Can this wait for just one minute ? Just watch . Okay ... I couldn 't find anything on the CCTV feeds , but then I realized Alicia 's apartment was on a bus route . Busses have cameras on them and voila ! We 've got something . There 's Alicia and her car . Someone drove her home . Maybe it 's her murderer . Are you getting this ? Yeah . What ? Are you getting a better resolution ? Yeah , I 'm waiting on a hi-res download from the bus company which they promised to have to me by 10 tonight . So I should have it in the morning . Thanks . Alec ? Normally I 'd be in the same boat as Betty . But ? But since I hooked your suit up to the system it 's become super charged . Houston , we have an upgrade . I can give you a clear-res image in 3 ... 2 ... 1 . Crap . How can you be so sure Carlos isn 't guilty ? I mean you 've only known him for a few months . It 's the same amount of time I 've known you . Yes , but I 'm different . For all we know , Carlos dropped her off at the door , he may not even have come in here last night . It ain 't just a river in Egypt ! Denial , get it ? No . Oh , that 's trippy . What did you do ? I used a bio-enhancement mist , it interacts with DNA . It helps my HUD ID fingerprints . Each colour represents an individual 's prints and the intensity tells me how recently those prints were made . First thing we do is cancel out prints older than a week and then we cancel out the victim 's prints . Well he 's definitely been in there . We were both in here this morning . Let me just ... I 'm guessing that leads to the bedroom ? Oh man , it doesn 't take too much to imagine how those prints got there . Alec , I 've got prints with no ID . Well you 're now connected to the national database , whoever it was doesn 't have a record . You think there was a three-way ? I think that 's enough for today . What ? It 's just getting good ! Goodbye Alec ! Come on baby , show me what you can do . You saw the union candidate last night . Can I talk to you ? Why didn 't you tell me you were at Jim Martin 's place or that you went to see Alicia after that ? Who told you that ? You just did . How 'd you find out ? That is not the point . You lied about sleeping with a woman on the night she was murdered . I had nothing to do with Alicia 's murder . You were the last person to see her alive and that makes you a suspect . Plus , it is definitely a conflict of interest since you are the primary on this case ! Listen to me , if I admit to being with Alicia then the focus of the investigation immediately turns on me . They stop looking for the real killer and you know that . That 's your excuse ? What about Jim Martin ? You didn 't tell me you knew him . What is it that you are covering up ? Jim is an old friend , okay ? He , he grew up with Alicia and I ... That is not enough of a reason . Okay , he called me up , he said he was arguing with Alicia . He wanted me to come over and help and I did . What were they arguing about ? It doesn 't matter , okay ? Whatever happened between Alicia and Jim had nothing to do with her murder . He 's a good guy , okay ? He 's just in the middle of an important union election . So important that you are willing to put your own career on the line ? You don 't understand . Jim is a reformer in one of the most corrupt locals in the country . He will fight that corruption and make it better for the members . There 's a lot of people in management who won 't like that . Besides , he 's a friend . And you trust him ? Yes , with my life . Okay . So someone could 've framed Jim to sabotage his chances at this election ? He has made a lot of enemies in the old boy 's club , including Barnes . I just need a little bit more time . I don 't know how much I can give you . Betty found footage of you and Alicia . It 's too grainy to make out your face but she 's working on resolving the image , and when she does she 'll ... Okay , I 'll handle it . Okay ? I need to know I can rely on you to keep me and Jim out of this . Okay , just for now . Fine . Jim is off limits . Thank you . Can I help you ? Agent Kiera Cameron . I have some questions for Jim Martin . Sarah Davidson , his campaign manager . Let me see if Jim has a minute . Sarah , get in here and tell Heather she has to ... Jim , this is agent Cameron . She has some questions . How can I help you ? I 'd like to talk about Alicia Fuentes . Yes ... I heard about the murder . I don 't know , I don 't trust him . Uh , this is my wife Heather . Agent Cameron . I don 't trust her either . I heard about Alicia . It 's ... horrible . What can we do to help ? When was the last time you saw her Mr. Martin ? I don 't remember how long it was . Um ... Sarah ? One , two months ago . Are you sure ? I know she was writing an article about you . Well we 've um , talked on the phone a few times . Really ? I also happen to know that she was here last night and that you spoke with her . It was only for a brief moment . She came here about an article that she was writing with accusations of financial fraud . What she had was all fiction but she wouldn 't leave . Mrs. Martin , did you witness this ? Actually no , I was at a fundraiser helping legitimate donors give funds to Jim 's campaign . Sarah was there with me , she can confirm that . Greg sent me to see if you were okay . What happened to the painting ? Vicky , I don 't know how to do this . We 've been friends with you and Trevor for so long . I know he was drunk but ... Trevor came in here and made a pass at me . What an ass ! I feel terrible . Oh , you shouldn 't . It was just a pass . Besides , you never let what happened with Greg and I affect our friendship and I 'm not gonna let a little pass affect it either . What are you talking about ? When Greg and I had a little fling ... before your wedding ? Kiera ! I thought ... Greg never told me . He never said a word . Because it meant nothing ! He was just sowing his oats before the marriage . He loves you , you know that . I 'm surprised you never found out . I mean , you 're a CPS officer , you have access to all the records . Why would I spy on Greg ? I never had a reason not to trust him . If I had your tech , I 'd be scanning to see what Trevor was up to every minute of the day . Do you need me here for this ? I need to get back to uh , getting ready for the rally tonight . Yes , actually I have some questions for you as well . Agent Cameron , I 'm gonna have to ask you to leave . If you have any further questions , you 're gonna have to contact Mr. Martin 's attorney . I 'll show myself out . You think this Jim guy knows something about the murder ? I think he had an affair with Alicia , I think his wife knows . How 'd you figure that out ? I just know . I need you to get me everything you have on Heather Martin , including her whereabouts for the last 36 hours . I may have a suspect to exonerate Carlos . Kiera , do you know what your suit can do ? It 's online , it 's accessing every single audio and visual feed within a hundred kilometer radius on its own . It 's like it 's taking its own bearings , its own sensory proprioception . Thanks Alec , good work . But uh , did you find anything on Heather Martin ? Her maiden name is Heather Axelrod , a real jock in high school . Gymnastics , women 's lacrosse , went to University of Alberta on a sports scholarship . Uh , married to Jim Martin for 13 years , no children . Oh ! And did I mention she also made several calls to your victim in the past two weeks ? Most of them hang-ups . Where was she last night ? At a fundraiser until 10 : 30 PM , just like she said . Election money . If Alicia was writing an article about campaign contributions , we need to look into both candidates ' finances . I 'll follow the cash . Damnit ! What ? The piece of the time travel device is missing . What , someone took it ? There 's only one person that could 've done this . Kellogg . What 's he gonna do , sell it to the gang ? No , he 's gonna use it as leverage against me . Now what ? Now ? I 'll just have to get it back . That 's not what it looks like , okay ? I didn 't kill her . I know that . I can say there was an internal glitch in my computer , that the information was lost ... No . I have to take care of this . Yeah you do . Yeah ? Got anything on that murder case ? Ok , what am I looking at ? It 's uh , surveillance camera footage . I knew the victim , Alicia Fuentes . Excuse me ? I was with her that night . I met her for dinner , I took her back to her place ... I had sex with her and then I left about 1 : 30 AM . Sir , I didn 't kill her . You have any idea what you 've done ? Taking primary on a murder case where you just had sex with the victim ? Sir , I ... Shut up ! You don 't talk ! This violates half the laws in the book , you know that pal ? I want your badge and your gun and from this moment on you are suspended indefinitely . Okay , what have you got ? Except for the bus footage IT girl found ... Betty . Yeah , that 's it . There 's no security footage , no nothing . So no way to see what went on inside the building . What , do they do that in 2077 ? Sort of . Alec , if I could get you a complete spectrum analysis of the cellular array from the night of the murder , would you be able to analyze it for wavelength and strength ? That 's a fixed point near the scene ? There 's a cellular array on the top of Alicia 's building . It 's perfect . Those towers pump out a steady signal like a waterfall . Any people in the building might register as a disruption in the field , like putting your hand under a running tap . I could theoretically map out the areas where the signal 's interfered with by humans and then separate that from the architecture of the building . Then you could feed the information through my CMR and we could simulate the LIDAR function on my suit . Yeah , it might paint a perfect picture for you but it 's a ton of data to sift through . But you 've had my suit to process the data . Sure . That should work . Great , so then all you have to do is hack the cell phone company 's servers . No , I need raw data streams from the night in question . Access to private and government satellites and top secret measuring equipment that 's listening to us or watching us 24 / 7 . The eye in the sky , big brother stuff . That 's a realm I can 't get into , nobody can . What if you could ? This is very high tech surveillance for this era . I need those satellite codes . In exchange , I will set up a surveillance net that will alert you if anyone comes within 50 feet of your yacht . You can do it ? I know a guy who knows a guy ... Look at you ! Inspector Cameron making a joke . I 'm not just a pretty face . Just ... you know what ? Send me the codes , I 'll see what I can do . It 's true I knew Alicia Fuentes . Out of respect for her I didn 't wanna go public or comment on their relationship until now . Mr. Martin ! Detective Fonnegra was suspended and is considered a suspect in the murder . You were also friends , correct ? All I can say is that I refuse to believe that a highly decorated officer like Detective Fonnegra could do anything so heinous . Totally beyond cool . So I assume this means that you tapped in . Can you access the radio spectrum data from the time of the murder ? Uh , yeah , let me just figure this out . And make sure that you feed it through my suit . It looks like your suit 's already doing it , it 's just it 's way too much data . Okay , I think I 've got it . Now , patch it into my CMR . Whoa . It 's working . I can see the shapes of people moving through the cell signals . Carlos said he left at 1 : 30 , let 's fast forward to there . Miss the Bow chicka wow wow ? I have no idea what you 're doing . What , don 't they have porn in your time ? Alec , just fast forward to 1 : 30 . Okay . She was alive when he left . Did you see that off to the left ? Yeah , the thing that looks like spaghetti outside the apartment ? That 's how he got in . Look again . That 's not a he , it 's a she . Oh man . Carlos definitely didn 't do it . Carlos ! Why haven 't you answered my calls ? Are you okay ? Yeah , there 's somebody who would like you to think I wasn 't . Let 's say , hypothetically , if it was Heather , that still doesn 't explain why she would go after me . She set it up to appear that you killed yourself in guilt over strangling Alicia . That way all the loose ends are tied up nice and neat . What motive would she have for killing Alicia ? I think I 'll let Jim tell you that . Oh man . Kiera ? I found something . I continued to looking through a satellite footage and I followed the murderer after she left the scene ... She gets into her car , the kind where the driver 's wheel is on the right side , I think it 's a Figaro or something . Alec , the car you mentioned is sitting in the drive way . You can 't come in here . I 'm calling our lawyer . You should probably do that . Jim , I gotta talk to you . Sarah , I 'll talk with Carlos . We 're just heading to the campaign office to see the election results . I 've got a few minutes , what 's going on ? Mrs. Martin , would you mind rolling up your sleeve please ? Excuse me ? What is this about ? We have proof that someone was on the roof of Alicia 's building and repelled down to her window . Someone small , lithe , athletic ... Are you saying I killed her ? Are you crazy ? Your prints are all over Alicia 's apartment and you made several phone calls to her . You were at her apartment ? What is going on here ? She asked me to stop you from pestering her . Alicia wanted it to end but Jim wouldn 't let her . She kept asking him to leave her alone but he kept calling , texting , showing up at her doorstep ... That 's not true ! She knew I didn 't love her anymore , she was the one who kept showing up here . Whoa ... you had an affair with Alicia ? That 's what this is about ? That 's why you wanted her dead ? Don 't be ridiculous , Jim 's indiscretions are his own . Whoever killed Alicia tried to kill me today and I managed to cut her right arm . Roll up your sleeve . Fine . There . Are you happy ? That 's your car out front , isn 't it ? Ask her about the secret $ 10 million contribution that was made to Jim 's campaign . Tell him about the money , Sarah . You 've got the integrity , the intelligence and the balls to go as high as you want . All you needed was the extra financing to get there but you stubbornly refused to deal with any large contributor so I did it for you . Alicia found out . She assumed you knew . She was gonna ruin your reputation and destroy your future . But murder ? I didn 't know they were gonna kill her , I thought they were gonna scare her . They said they had as much to lose as you did if anybody ever found out . Who had as much to lose ? Sarah , who gave you the money ? Tell them . Tell them ! I 'm scared that if I say anything else they 're gonna kill me too . I wanna speak to my attorney . I 'm gonna need you to come down to the station , I 'm gonna need a statement from the two of you . I 'm already late . They 're waiting for me at the campaign office . Well that 's too bad , they 're gonna have to wait a little longer . Carlos please , I 'll return the money . I didn 't know . You know , I protected you and you lied to me , about Alicia , about everything . It was politics , okay ? It was nothing personal . We 're done . So did Sarah give up the source of the illegal contributions yet ? No , and my guess is she won 't . She knows we don 't have any physical evidence tying her directly to the murder . She 'll admit to the financial fraud , she 'll make a plea deal ... Her political career will be over but I doubt she 'll see any jail time . At least you got Carlos off the hook . Yeah . I gotta go . They dropped the obstruction of justice charges . That 's great . Are you okay ? Yeah . Jim won the election . This whole thing has been one big lie . Man , how could I be so stupid ? Ricky told me about the affair . Look , it was a long time ago , it was before we were married and as soon as it happened I realized it was a mistake . What other secrets are you keeping from me ? Do I need to pull all of your digital files ? Kiera ... We have this technology scanning our every move , keeping us honest so we don 't have any secrets . But I always thought that if you really loved someone , your husband , your best friend ... that you wouldn 't have to rely on tech . How naive is that ? No , that 's not naive . That 's how it should be . Look ... I was afraid that if I told you , you 'd never agree to marry me . I don 't think I could risk losing you . You can always come up with an excuse to justify lying . Kiera , I love you . What can I do to make this right ? I swear I will never keep a secret from you again . You really think you know somebody and you think they 'll never betray you ... You were just being a good friend . Speaks highly of you and poorly of them . Yeah , I guess . Look , I 'm sorry that I kept information from you on the case . I 'm sorry that I went to Jim behind your back . Let 's uh , let 's make a pact , huh ? No more secrets from each other , 100 percent honesty . What do you think ? I think that 's where we get into trouble . Sometimes you have to do the wrong thing for the right reason and I would rather keep a secret from you than break a promise to you . I get it . We do have a loose end . Our killer . We know she was a woman ... strong , agile . She was quite a fighter . And your friend Jim , now that he 's won he election ... He controls everything that goes in and out of the ports . And from there it 's just a quick jump to mayor . This is the gentleman I told you about . Congratulations on your win . Now let 's talk about the future . This just got a lot more complicated .
