 Noble : This is your one and only warning . Your screen will soon be filled with dramatized stories of scientific research that some people may find controversial and disturbing . Viewer discretion is advised . Ask yourself - - does progress always come at a price ? Are some experiments too risky or just wrong ? A little curiosity can 't hurt anyone . Can it ? Dark Matters : Twisted but True 2x03 Dr. Lobotomy , Voodoo Rx Killed by Kindness Original Air Date on July 28 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = Scientific knowledge cannot be unlearned . It has a power of its own . No matter how or why it is obtained , good or evil intentions do not always result in good and evil outcomes , as you 'll see in these three stories of experimentation and ... unforeseen consequences . You 'll meet a man who finds out firsthand just how deadly religious faith can be . [ Grunts ] And I 'll introduce you to a mathematician who has reduced all that is kind and good in humanity to a mere formula . But first , here 's a tale of a medical operation that will protect society from the criminally insane . But who 's the criminal - - the madman or the doctor ? Professor Egas Moniz - - Portugal 's most brilliant scientist , Director of Neurology at the University of Lisbon . He 's about to revolutionize the world of medicine . [ Laughing ] Oh , this is beautiful . Dr. Swaminath : In the 1920s , medics had access to X-rays , which can really give you beautiful outlines of the bones , for example . However , getting a good look at the brain was nearly impossible because it would simply show up as a spongy blob . It 's the interior of the human brain . Look , look , look , look . This is the anterior spinal artery , and - - and - - and look , the ... Noble : Moniz has photographed a living brain for the first time . It 's called a cerebral angiograph . Moniz is going to change the world . [ Laughs ] Dr. Swaminath : Moniz had the idea of creating a dye that would be opaque to x-rays , injecting that into the blood , and then taking an X-ray of the brain . This had never been done before . Noble : One of Portugal 's leading intellects , Dr. Moniz has founded a political party and served as foreign minister . Now he 's going to solve the problem of mental illness and make life in asylums more bearable . [ Groans ] [ Shakily ] Please . Don 't hurt me . I promise I will be a good girl . I promise you . Come on . Please , please , don 't hurt me . I promise . I promise I 'm gonna be a good girl . I promise you . [ Crying ] Please , please , please . [ Spits ] [ Laughs ] Lederer : Asylums were essentially for warehousing patients - - patients who represented either a danger to themselves or to society . They 're chronically underfunded , they 're understaffed , and they 're not really about therapy . They 're really to get unsafe people off the streets . [ Cup slams ] Noble : For the mentally ill , outside of asylums , there is no help . Lederer : This is a period of time when there are no effective treatments , and physicians are desperate to provide help to individuals and to their families . [ Sighs ] Noble : Moniz has a radical plan to cut into the brains of mental patients to alter their behavior - - a technique inspired by American research he 's seen on monkeys . It really is a very simple procedure . He wants to sever the frontal lobes from the rest of the brain - - an operation now known as a prefrontal lobotomy . There is some resistance to the blade , but with a firm hand , it goes in smoothly into the flesh of the brain , and then ... Moniz 's young colleague , Dr. Diogo Furtado , is fascinated . That 's incredible . These are the frontal lobes of the brain . And they 're responsible for important tasks like decision-making , short-term memory , and aspects of your personality . Now , you can survive without them , but without them , you 're not really you . So , what Moniz was trying to do is separate them from the rest of the brain . And what were the results like ? W-what I saw was extraordinary . The monkeys lost all symptoms of frustration and anxiety . He wasn 't exactly sure why it happened , but it affected behavior . It changed how they acted . The only problem is that once cut , they can 't be uncut . The only thing that remains is for us to find a human test case . Noble : Moniz finds a woman suffering from agitated depression - - a type of bipolar disorder . Today , her symptoms would be controlled with drugs . Nurse : She 's always hurting herself . I think we have found just what we were looking for . It 's your lucky day . Come on . Let 's do this . Noble : Moniz and his team are about to perform the first ever prefrontal lobotomy on a human . [ Cranking ] He 's invented a new surgical instrument for the procedure . It 's rather ingenious . All you have to do is push and pull the blade . The blade goes in and , we- - imagine you are - - you are coring an apple . Noble : Because of arthritis in his hands , Moniz is unable to perform the delicate operation himself . Another surgeon does it for him . This is a copy of Moniz 's original leucotome - - a device that can be inserted through a hole drilled in a person 's head , and then , once inside the brain , a plunger depressed and a cutting wire extended . So , Moniz would take this instrument , insert it into the brain , and wouldn 't exactly know how far to go . But once he felt like he 'd gone far enough , he would extend the cutting wire and rotate the tool . But , of course , he was doing this all blind . He couldn 't see where he was , so he was quite literally taking a stab in the dark . Noble : If lobotomy makes the insane less violent , there is no shortage of candidates for Moniz 's knife . Some are time bombs waiting to injure themselves or others . One man in particular has a date with Dr. Moniz and with destiny . Noble : Dr. Egas Moniz is slicing into the brains of mental patients . Now the other side . [ Panting ] Moniz is going to revolutionize mental health . His surgery should end the violent outbursts of the insane . Dr. Ross : Lobotomies we never actually a treatment or a cure for anything . What Moniz intended was to reduce the person 's agitation , make them more manageable , and , therefore , easier to control in the asylum . Well ... good morning . Are you well ? I can 't help noticing she ... doesn 't seem very aware . It 's wonderful . It 's wonderful . Noble : The results are everything Moniz hoped for . The patient is calm , docile , and controllable . But there are unexpected consequences . I do have concerns . There is some ... change , some significant loss to her mental capacity . [ Scoffs ] Mental capacity . She 's less dangerous to the staff . This is exactly as I expected . And the patients themselves ? [ Slurps ] Clearly , the patients will be put out of their misery . Noble : Moniz orders lobotomies on 20 more test cases . Moniz : Wait , wait , wait , wait . I have made one or two improvements . He applies lobotomies to all manner of mental illness from psychosis to depression . Psychosurgery . [ Chuckles ] Psychosurgery . My procedure will become known as " Psychosurgery . " [ Laughs ] [ Bell dings ] Next patient , please . Noble : Moniz rushes to publish his discovery without fully investigating the consequences . Sit . Each of his 20 patients are observed for just a few days after the operation . Good morning . Reading this article , you would be forgiven for thinking that Moniz had discovered an amazing procedure that was gonna solve the problem of the chronically mentally ill . And based upon this article , the procedure goes worldwide - - practiced most frequently in the U.S. by American surgeon Walter Freeman , who 's known to have performed 10 of these in a day . The most famous patient would be Rosemary Kennedy , J.F.K. ' s sister . Noble : Moniz promotes his new procedure as a miracle cure for society 's problems with mental illness . What 's up with your hand ? [ Whimpers ] From reading this paper , you 'd have no sense that there were any serious problems associated with this . It seemed like a complete miracle . Um , uh ... Señor Forrester has arrived . Noble : Records show that seven of the 20 cases are considered completely cured . A further eight show reduced violence . Moniz has been treating William Forrester for some time . Sit . Sit . So , William ... how are you dealing with your aggressive urges ? [ Gun cocks ] What do you think you 're doing ? William ? William ! [ Gurgling ] The 28-year-old engineer empties eight bullets into Moniz . [ Moniz groaning ] [ Screams ] Moniz never prescribed a lobotomy for Forrester . If he had , it 's entirely possible he wouldn 't have been attacked . Dr. Lerner : In later years , Forrester was diagnosed as clinically paranoid - - the exact sort of patient for whom Moniz might have recommended a lobotomy . But at the time , the severity of his illness was not known . [ Grunts ] Noble : The shooting leaves Moniz confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life . Thank you for seeing me , Egas . [ Sighs ] I have been continuing your patients ' aftercare . Is that so ? Those who were merely agitated have had their personalities changed forever . How awful . Would I be correct in assuming , however , that none of them actually ... shot anyone ? Goodbye , Professor . Am I wrong ? In 1949 , Moniz won the Nobel Prize for developing the lobotomy . But doctors now see his discovery as barbaric and ineffective . Evolution - - tiny changes over billions of years explain the physical makeup of our bodies . But is it also responsible for how we behave ? [ Coughs ] Can it explain compassion ? Kindness ? You 're about to meet a mathematician who argued that true human kindness doesn 't exist . It 's nothing more than an evolutionary survival trick . And he 's got an equation that can prove it . Have you ever done something truly kind ? Perhaps you won a medal for your selfless act of bravery or had your philanthropy praised in the papers . Well , suppose I could prove mathematically that your so-called " kindness " is an illusion - - nothing more than an accident of our evolution . What does that say about the very nature of good and evil ? [ Rock music plays ] For mathematician and atheist George Price , there are two worlds - - the world of numbers and the world of people . In the world of numbers , he is a genius . In the world of people , mm , not so much . Harman : So , George Price is a real-life cross between between Forrest Gump and Rain Man . On the Forrest Gump side , he is always at the periphery of a great scientific or technological revolution , whether it 's at the Manhattan Project working as a chemist on uranium enrichment , or at Bell Labs working on transistor research at the telecommunications revolution , or inventing computer-aided design for IBM . On the Rain Man side , alongside his great brilliance , he 's also a very strange human being - - not very good with people . Ma 'am . Sorry , ma 'am . Nobel : The rational world of numbers led him to become an atheist , which didn 't go down so well with his religious wife . Their marriage fails , and Price travels to London , searching for a new direction . Keep up the good fight . Bless you . [ Sighs ] Price buries himself in London 's many libraries , reading any scientific paper that attracts him . He stumbles across a subject he 's never considered before - - evolution . Charles Darwin 's theory of Natural Selection says that tiny differences between offspring can make one more likely to survive and reproduce than another . So , for example , if you live in a region where resources become sparse and you have to climb trees to get food , those people who have good tree-climbing skills would be able to survive in those conditions , whereas others who hadn 't received those genes to allow them to climb the trees wouldn 't . Noble : Evolution is nothing new . But Price finds a revolutionary paper by biologist William Hamilton . It applies evolution not to the way our bodies work , but to the way we behave . Reeve : Many evolutionary biologists consider this to be the most important paper in evolution in the last 100 years . The genius of his idea was to apply natural-selection thinking , not just to physical characteristics such as body size , but also to social behavior among humans , as well . Noble : Price analyzes Hamilton 's argument that social behavior is carried in our genes , just like hair or eye color . The paper attempts to solve a problem which has confounded every biologist since Darwin . How can generous self-sacrifice , known as " altruism , " be a survival trait ? Reeve : Here 's the problem . Imagine a gene that caused the ultimate self-sacrifice - - to give your life on behalf of somebody else . Well , that gene is gonna disappear from the population , because the individual who possesses that gene , well , will obviously have no offspring . Noble : Hamilton realizes that if you die saving a close relative , they might also be carrying the altruism gene and pass it on to the next generation as long as your death saves them . For example , a mother who throws herself in front of a bus to save three offspring has her genes survive into the next generation , and has a bigger genetic advantage than if she had not thrown herself in front of the bus . Noble : Price approaches the problem as a mathematician and develops a profoundly new set of equations to explain this idea . He sends his work to Hamilton . [ Telephone ringing ] Mr. Price ? Yes . This is Bill Hamilton . Price points out shortcomings in Hamilton 's paper . I simply think that , uh , you 've stumbled on the more basic axioms . I mean , we all make mistakes , Professor Hamilton . Please , call me Bill . Um , okay . Um ... Bill . I think you 'll find that if you calculate covariance that ... Price 's math takes Hamilton 's original ideas to a whole new level of sophistication . Mr. Price , forgive me , but could you run that past me again ? ... problem of putting it ... Harman : What Price comes up with is not a theory . Rather , it is a theorem . It is a mathematical truth , and it is always true under every and all circumstances , which is amazing . Noble : Price 's theorem mathematically proves Hamilton 's idea that altruism is an evolutionary survival trick . No matter how selfless a person seems , the math says genes are always in control . You may think you 're being generous , but in reality , your behavior is really to benefit your own genes . When do you mean to publish ? Um , nobody knows who I am , so ... George - - may I call you " George " ? You have to publish . Ma 'am . Noble : And with Hamilton 's help , Price does get his work published ... [ Car horn honks ] ... in the prestigious science journal " Nature . " George Price . [ Door opens ] [ Door hinges creak ] So , this is the actual Price paper . The most amazing thing about this paper is that at its end , you can see there are absolutely no references . Now , I cannot tell you how rare that is . In fact , it 's not even rare . It absolutely never happens in science . And this , in a paper that purported to provide the answer to one of the greatest mysteries that science was looking at . I guess . Noble : George Price has found status , prestige , and , much to his own surprise , a lifelong friend . But despite what his brilliant paper says , Price sees pure altruism all around him . Can these inspiring examples of human kindness really be explained away with math ? He becomes troubled by the bleak notion that heroism results from the self-serving biology of our brains . He wonders - - hopes , even - - that he 's made an error . Reeve : If the scientific theory is correct , it should always work where it 's applied . A single counter-example to the theory is enough to falsify it . Price knew all this , so he reasoned that , " All I have to do is find one counter-example to my own theory , " for example , by showing that there is a true case of unconditional altruism in humans , to blow his own theory out of the water . Noble : To escape the implications of his own theory , he sets out to kill it ... with kindness . Noble : George Price 's mathematical equation proves human kindness is just self-interest in disguise . We have evolved to help others only because it helps our genes survive . His scientific breakthrough reveals the world to be cold , predictable , out of our conscious control . Then one day , the atheist mathematician has a revelation . There is a God . Harman : When he came up with his equation , he began contemplating what an enormous coincidence it was , because all the great minds , going back to Darwin , had been trying to crack this problem , and yet it was him - - a complete outsider - - who came up with this quite miraculous equation . And so , thinking of other coincidences that had occurred to him during his lifetime - - very strange things , like four girlfriends by the name of " Anne , " and the last four digits of his phone number being 2399 , which he interpreted to be just a moment before midnight . It 's the last chance to find God , and so forth . And he multiplied all of these coincidences , and came up with an astronomical figure - - one divided by 10 to the 27th - - which meant that the chance that all of these things should have happened to him was infinitesimal , and yet they had all happened to him . Noble : Price believes only God could beat such long odds , so he must exist . Price : Dear babies ... Noble : He shares the good news with his estranged daughters . ... I have given in and admitted that God does exist . [ Congregational singing ] Noble : He believes God 's omnipotence is powerful enough to create true kindness , despite what the math says . Just as he was an uncompromising atheist , he is now an uncompromising Christian , treating Jesus ' teachings of compassion and charity as exact instructions . Thanks , then . He starts by ridding himself of almost everything he owns . He applies his scientific rigor to a new goal - - to do the illogical - - to behave in a truly self-sacrificing manner . He 's one of my great-great-great - great - great-great-grandfathers ... He will prove that his theorem is wrong . ... peoples ' will . I-it 's - - it 's wrong . [ Sighs ] It 's not wrong because you don 't like it , George . Now , we - - you and I - - asked a difficult question about human nature , and we got a difficult answer . [ Chuckles ] Whether you like it or not , this is how we are . You 're wrong . Noble : Whatever Price may now believe , the scientific world accepts that he has reduced the concept of kindness to a mathematical formula . ... proves it doesn 't , in fact . You - - you 're wrong , Bill . You 're wrong , and I can prove it . [ Scoffs ] You 're throwing away your career . [ Silverware clanks ] Noble : To prove his equations wrong , he invites vagrants and alcoholics to live in his apartment . George lets his new house-guests do and take what they want . And by August 1972 , they leave Price with nothing . Price : I am now down to exactly 15 pence . I look forward eagerly to when that 15 pence will be gone . Merry Christmas . George ? Noble : His diet consists of just one pint of milk a day . Hamilton : What are you doing here , man ? [ Shivering ] You can 't be here . It 's freezing cold , for goodness ' sake . Here , take my coat . Come on . [ Coughing ] You come with me . You can 't stay out . Come on . [ Weakly ] Bill ? Bill , yes . That 's right . Come on , George . Good man . Good man . Yeah , come this way . [ Shivering ] I 'm so cold , Bill . I know . Let 's go . Come on . Let 's find you somewhere warm . Noble : Hamilton persuades his friend to ease back on his selfless life before it kills him . They meet on December 19th , and Price agrees to work with Hamilton on a new genetics project . To 1975 . A better year for both of us . A better year . [ Carolers singing " O Come All Ye Faithful " ] Noble : Price has realized trying to disprove his theorem is a hopeless cause . ♪ Joyful and triumphant No matter how selfless his acts appear , there is always the possibility that there is some evolutionary advantage he hasn 't considered . Harman : George Price had set out to be selfless - - completely selfless . To act against his own mathematics . And in the end , he didn 't know whether , in his acts of true kindness , there was , in fact , a hidden motive of egoism which would be a reflection of his own mathematics . So he did not know , and could not prove , that the math was actually correct or incorrect . Noble : It 's too much for Price . He is found dead on January 6 , 1975 . [ Siren wailing ] He 's cut his throat with nail scissors - - killed by his own theory . Faith in religion - - or science , for that matter - - is powerful . Belief can overcome fear and pain . It can make you see things , feel things that aren 't even there . [ Grunting , screaming ] Whatever that priest said to you is not true . But at the boundary where science and religion collide ... This is gonna hurt . Children say , " Sticks and stones break your bones . " Easily proven . But is it also true that " Words never hurt you " ? A medical case from the 1930s suggests that words can indeed make you suffer or even kill you . Dr. Drayton Doherty has a problem - - his patient his dying , and the doctor has no idea why . How 's he doing , Maisie ? He 's not good , Doctor . [ Sighs ] Don 't be frightened . We 'll get to the bottom of it . Noble : All medical tests have proven negative . Vance Vanders is free from any known disease . It 's impossible . How can a man be ... declining like this if there 's nothing wrong with him ? Maisie , is there a history of anything like this - - in his family ? No . I already done some thinking about - - ain 't nothing dark there , neither . Could someone have done something to him ? Poisoned him , maybe ? You got something you want to talk about , Maisie ? You done something to Vance ? God 's truth ain 't nothing I done , Doctor . I knew I should 've just gone and told you . Told me what ? What did you do ? Noble : Maisie tells Doherty that three months earlier , her husband had a rendezvous in a graveyard with a Voodoo priest . To a believer , a practitioner , Voodoo guides everything he does . Jean-Marie : In the 1930s , a practitioner of Voodoo relies on Voodoo to navigate the social , the political , and the natural environment . So , from the perspective of a practitioner , the world is Voodoo . Voodoo is the world . Noble : Whatever the priest tells him , Vance is going to believe it . Maisie : Vance never said what they was arguing about , but it got ugly . [ Echoing ] Vance . [ Exhales sharply ] Voodoo man put a curse on him . [ Coughs ] Tell him he gonna die . And if Vance told anyone , he 'd curse all the family . Noble : Immediately , Vance begins to sicken . [ Groaning ] Vance , honey , what 's the matter with you ? Maisie : He wouldn 't eat . Look at me . Hardly moved . Just ... lay there like he dead already . And that 's the way it was . Now , you listen to me , Maisie Vanders . Hocus pocus can 't kill a man . It 's not real . I know the human body . And I know what happened to my husband . It 's real , and we all know it . You may not believe it , Doctor . But he sure as hell do . Britt : Religious belief can be very powerful . And it can have very real physical effects . Here 's an example . In one study involving 24 individuals - - two groups . 12 of them very religious - - Roman Catholic . The other 12 - - not very religious . All of them underwent a procedure in which they received minor electric shocks , and they were placed inside of an MRI . They were also allowed to look at images during this time . One image was the Virgin Mary , the other - - an image by Leonardo Da Vinci . Both of these were very similar . The results were very interesting . For the religious group , when they were able to look at the Virgin Mary , they reported less pain than they were looking at the Leonardo Da Vinci image . Non-religious group - - the images had no effect . Noble : Tests show no evidence that Vance was poisoned . What he does have , though , is a potent belief in the power of Voodoo . Dr. Doherty : Vance , look at me . Whatever that priest said to you is not true . Whatever he threatened you with , it can 't harm you . Vance . Vance , listen to me . Noble : Unlike the Voodoo priest , Doherty 's words have no effect . Vance has accepted his own death , and where his mind leads , his body is following . Can you hear me , Vance ? This effect is not confined to Voodoo . It affects all of us . Doctors call it " psychosomatic death . " Dr. Ross : The case example of this was published in the Southern Medical Journal in 1992 . A man was given a diagnosis of cancer by a physician , and told that he had a few months to live . When he did , in fact , die , the autopsy showed that the cancer had not progressed and that there was no known cause of death . So the actual cause of death was his belief that he was going to die . Noble : If Vance Vanders' Voodoo belief is killing him , could it save him , too ? Noble : Alabama Doctor Drayton Doherty is used to patients having faith in his medicine . Now he 's confronted by a patient who trusts a witch doctor more than modern science . His patient , Vance Vanders , believes he is dying from a Voodoo spell . [ Grunting , screaming ] But can that conviction be turned from a curse into a cure ? Vitkun : If we can get your brain to believe that we have something that 's going to affect your bodily function , it may affect it in that way . This is known as the placebo effect . The important point when a placebo effect is used is that you must create the proper atmosphere so that the person really believes they 're getting a medication , even if that medication does not have any effect . Noble : Vance can 't be talked out of his death by a mere doctor because Voodoo is more real to him than medicine . Maisie : You may not believe it , Doctor , but he sure as hell do . Noble : If pills and drugs can 't save his patient , maybe what Doherty needs ... is magic . [ Ominous laughing ] [ Panting ] Mr. Vanders , I owe you an apology for doubting your story . I went down to that graveyard and I tracked down your Voodoo man . [ Chanting ] And I had to know what he done to you . [ Chanting continues ] I want to talk to you . What have you done to Vance ? [ Laughs ] Aah ! [ Ominous laughing ] That black powder he waved in your face - - he told me exactly what it was . Lizard eggs . You breathed them in . You swallowed them . Vance , you 've got a lizard growing inside you . He 's been drinking your drink , eating your food . Won 't be long till he starts eating your stomach from the inside out . Nurse , get my coat . We 've got to get him out . It 's gonna be all right , Maisie . It 's gonna be all right . [ Wind howling ] Vance , I 'm not gonna lie to you . This is gonna hurt . [ Vomiting ] Noble : As dawn breaks , the treatment begins to take effect . Nurse , give me the bucket . Oh , my God . Maisie , light the lamp . Bring it here , quick . Oh , Lord Jesus ! Oh , Lord God . What is that ? What is it ? [ Breathing heavily ] Vance . The curse is broken . Noble : Vance drops into a coma-like sleep . The following day , Vance is awake . His appetite is back . Maisie : Better ? Much better . Noble : Doherty 's stroke of genius was to stop fighting Vance 's beliefs and , by using the power of the placebo effect , turn those beliefs into a cure . You best be fixing to live . Vitkun : For a placebo effect to work , there must be an authority figure . The physician must create the stage upon which he is going to present the placebo to the patient . So , for Vance , Dr. Doherty created a Voodoo stage and used Voodoo placebo effect to treat and cure his initial curse . Maisie , light the lamp . Noble : The drug Doherty administers does nothing more than induce vomiting . His witch doctor story is a fabrication . Bring it here . Bring it here , quick . Oh , Lord ! Thank you , nurse . Noble : Curing someone with belief is not confined to the world of Voodoo . For doctors , using placebos or placebo effects is somewhat of an ethical challenge . Because when you use a placebo , you are , in essence , lying to the patient . However , this lie and the placebo may make them feel better , while the truth may actually make them feel worse . [ Chanting ] Noble : The power to heal or to kill with words alone is not just the preserve of witch doctors . Physicians , too , must think very carefully about what they say . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
