 I was at my sorority with my dog Rambo . It was about midnight . My dog suddenly started shaking . I noticed a change in the air . It 's like I could feel eyes on me . I see a man at the end of the hall . Who is this person ? Why are they in the house ? Should I scream ? Should I run away ? And whatever it was , it didn 't feel human . Our sorority found this house and really liked it . I was so excited to live there . Whatever this was , it was there to hurt me . Living in that house , it 's almost like being under attack . It 's almost as though the house was physically pulling us apart . Even though I 've always wanted to go to university of Michigan , I didn 't really think that I was gonna get in . And I was actually very shocked when I got my acceptance letter . Because the campus is so large , I wanted something where I had close friends . And that 's when I found out about the sorority . The morning that we initiated Caroline , we have noisemakers , and we bang on the door , and we have balloons . I was really excited to be a part of the sorority . After I met the girls , I felt safe . I felt cared for . I knew that no matter what happened , this group of girls would have my back . Kristen ? I 'm Nicole . Did you find it okay ? Yes , absolutely . It 's amazing . I was so excited . Here 's this big , beautiful house . The house originally was a fraternity house on campus . Our sorority was looking for a house at the time . We wanted to find something where we could grow into a house , and we found this house and really liked it . I walk into the door , and it was very , very dirty . - Hey . - Hey . I was so excited to live there . The first few weeks were really just midnight pajama parties , talking about boys , talking about school , and getting my bearings of the place . There 's a room in the basement that people don 't often go into . It was supposed to be off-limits , but being the explorer that I am , I found my way in there . It 's a room that the fraternity that had previously resided in the house left things in . They had some of the old cups , some of the things used in the rituals for the fraternity . The whole room was like a time capsule . Kristen ! Yeah ? I need your help with something . Coming . Awesome . All of us were pitching in to help clean up the house . I can unclog a toilet , so I was assigned to the house manager position . But no matter what I did , I always felt like I was cleaning and cleaning and I never got anything clean . Ew . There were maggots all over the bottom of this garbage can and on the floor . There were hundreds of them . It seemed like the maggots came really quick . I 've left food out before and never got maggots . Are you okay ? Kristen ! Kristen ! You have to come upstairs ! One of the girls came up to me and goes , " kristen , kristen , you have to come see this . You have to come see this . " What is it ? It was down that hallway in front of Caroline 's room . And I see this little black spot in the top of the hallway towards the ceiling . It 's a bat . It didn 't make sense that the bat was there . There were too many doors it had to get through . There were too many spaces to get through . A lot of the things that happened in this house did not make sense . One night , I 'm doing my laundry in the basement . It was very dark . It was very cool . It was very quiet . No one else was there . So I 'm walking up the stairs in my slippers . I hear a thump . It couldn 't be real . But I could hear them hit certain steps . Like , the third step I know has this little creak . All of a sudden , we just hear this blood-curdling scream . There 's kristen looking terrified . I could just see it in her face that something had happened . What 's wrong ? I didn 't want to talk about it . I didn 't believe it , so I tried to pretend it didn 't happen . I didn 't know what had happened , but I immediately knew that something was wrong . One night , I was walking home from class , and I knew that all the other girls were still on campus . I went upstairs to go to my room , and when I got to the second floor ... I could feel the change in the atmosphere . It was electrical . It was a sensation I had never felt before . And suddenly , I just felt like there was someone there . All of a sudden , this person appeared standing in front of my friend 's door . I thought , " why would a guy be here ? " We don 't have any males living with us . Almost as quick as it came , it disappeared . I walked slowly towards my room , went inside , and locked the door . I started to question myself . I started to question my sanity . So I just ... I didn 't say anything . Good morning . I started noticing throughout the rest of the house and with other girls that everybody started becoming more agitated , not coming to events . Things just slowly started to change . That 's it ? That 's it ? That year , I had been through a break-up and became incredibly depressed during that time . When I 'm really upset , my room is a place where I can really find refuge . But when I was at the sorority house , I never felt comfort . I never felt refuge . It was not a place to feel safe , but rather it took everything that was bad in my life and made it worse because I could never feel like I was at home in the room that I was living in . I felt like if I stayed in the room for too long , it was just gonna get worse and worse and worse , and I couldn 't explain why . My mom came over to visit one day . I was really , really excited . When I first walked into the home , I felt uncomfortable , and I felt confined . She was a little bit more quiet than usual . And when we walked down into the basement ... We opened the door to go down the stairs , and they were a little creepy . Come on . Come on . I had a growing uneasiness . And ... I couldn 't place what would be causing that . The second I walked into the room , the energy completely shifted . There was a thickness in the air . I had this really oppressive feeling that something did not want me down there . I stopped dead in my tracks . Come on . And I said , " Mom , come this way . " And she just couldn 't move . Mom , come on . My mom came over to visit one day . I was really , really excited . She was a little bit more quiet than usual . When I first walked into the home , I felt uncomfortable , and I felt confined . The second I walked into the room , the energy completely shifted . I had this really oppressive feeling that something did not want me down there . All of a sudden , I stopped dead in my tracks . Come on . And she just couldn 't move . There was a face right in front of me . There were these horrible dark circles under the eyes . And the face , it was so pale . It was almost like looking at a corpse . And I turned to my mom , and I knew that she saw it too . I could see such anger in his eyes . I felt as though I had been knocked backwards in the chest . Go , go , go , go ! When we got to the top of the steps ... We both let out a sigh of relief . I still needed to justify to myself what I saw and what I was feeling . Are you guys okay ? Caroline shared with me that she had been having experiences of a similar nature in the home . Aren 't you coming ? She was worried for me , but I had to live there . It was required for sisters to live in for a year , and I didn 't want to let go of that . A parent 's always concerned about their child , but Caroline is an independent young woman , and she loved and cared about the ladies of the sorority house . - Have you seen my wallet ? - Your wallet ? Things were really bad in the house . Everybody started becoming more isolated . We started having more incidences of fighting between girls . We had a lot of arguments that ... Had never been a problem before . And it just felt like the house was contributing to us having these problems . Kristen ? I remember one of the girls knocked on my door , and she goes , " how long have you had this dog here ? " And I can 't ... all I hear is his barking . Can you , like ... I 've been here all day . He hasn 't barked at all . And she goes , " well , he has to go . " I 'm not the only person that feels this way . Clearly there 's other girls ... What do you mean , he has to go ? He 's been here for a really long time . Are you kidding me ? Get rid of him ! - Shut up ! - No , I 'm not gonna ... And it was just this really mean ... like , it was a jab at me . Like , " hey , I 'm gonna take something you care about and get rid of it just so you don 't have it there anymore . " So I had to send my dog to my parents ' house . Are you sure ? Yeah . We had a feeling that we needed to find a way to cement the bonds that we had formed as a sisterhood . So we decided to do a haunted house for the neighborhood kids . It was an opportunity for us to come together . Don 't do that . Everybody was excited about it , and we finally felt like sisters again . People were back to their old fun-loving selves . It was very ironic , the fact that we were having a haunted house in a haunted house . Excuse me . I was forced to go back down into the basement , obviously , for the haunted house . And I was a little apprehensive about it . I didn 't want to say anything to the other girls still about what had happened . But at the same time , I was really worried that something awful was about to happen . I was just super nervous . There were so many things running through my head . Working in that haunted house , it felt good . We 're gonna give them a good scare . Look how creepy this is . In the first room , they would experience spiders . Then as they moved through , they went to the execution room . Electric chair was in there , and the lights were flashing . And then they got to the room where I was actually working ... Which was the exorcism room . Someone jumped out of a coffin . There were some special effects we had going , so someone would be behind a certain wall , and they 'd be pounding on it when they walked by . It was the best haunted house I 've ever been in . After the haunted house , I was really , really happy that nothing had happened . I went up the back staircase . All of a sudden ... I saw flames everywhere . In the ... in the middle of the room , there was a girl trapped , screaming . I came up the back staircase , and I noticed that Nicole 's bedroom was open . I saw flames everywhere . And there was this girl trapped in the middle of the room . There were just flames all around her . And she was just screaming . There was no heat from the flames . There was no smell of smoke in the air . But I still saw it . I saw the fire . She was about to be burned alive . It felt so real . But then ... It was gone . It was so real , what I saw , that I was behaving as if there was actually a fire in this room . Okay , if there was a fire in this bedroom , where would it be ? There 's no candles . Is there anybody on the fire escape ? I wasn 't sure what was going on in the house . I wasn 't sure what I was seeing . I wasn 't sure if I was seeing anything or if I was just crazy . After the haunted house fund-raiser was over , I had really hoped that we could come together , put on the event , and really regain the bonds that had been slowly torn apart . It didn 't happen . It was like a sickness that got into a person ... If they stayed there too long . There was a lot of anger . People got into fights . People just started going crazy . Girls became people that I didn 't recognize . It 's almost as though the house was physically pulling us apart . There had been a girl living in the house . Over time , she completely lost it . She had gotten in a fight with another girl , and the police got called out , and they had to physically restrain her . It was ... It was scary . I felt at times , living in that house , it 's almost like being under attack . This cross calms me down . If I 'm in a nervous situation or if I feel anxious , it 's safety knowing that it 's right here . But when my grandma gave me this crucifix , I never thought that I would actually need it . When everything started happening in the house , Caroline in particular took a really hard hit . She stopped caring about the things I think she cared about before . And she just became very reclusive . One night , I was lying in bed , just watching TV . Suddenly I felt like something was there . I looked over and ... Through the wall walks in the same man that I had seen in the basement . This time , I could see him much clearer . There was definition . I could see his face . I could see what he looked like . He had this white shirt on that went up to his neck and this really old jacket . And the last time that I had been around the spirit of this man , it was very angry , very forceful . So I was worried . I was scared . Is he here to attack me ? Is he here to hurt me ? Then I saw the look on his face . He had a very serene look , and he was just very calm . So I just introduced myself . I 'm Caroline . Somehow I got the feeling that he reciprocated that greeting . Like he went so long having people not even acknowledge him or know he was there . By this point , I was just so confused . Maybe the house wasn 't as bad as I thought it was . But then something absolutely terrifying happened . One night , I went to bed just like any normal night . It must have been 2 : 00 or 3 : 00 in the morning . I was shoved out of my bed as hard as I had ever been shoved before and flew across the room onto the floor . I looked back at my bed and saw a man hovering above the bed where I had just been laying . One night , I went to bed just like any normal night . It must have been 2 : 00 or 3 : 00 in the morning . I was shoved out of my bed as hard as I had ever been shoved before and flew across the room onto the floor . I looked over back at my bed and saw ... A man hovering above the top of my bed where I had just been laying . He was someone that I had never seen before . He had an old formal-looking jacket on , buttons all the way up to the top , a really rounded collar . I looked right at him , and I felt that he was really trying to tell me something . Something terribly wrong was about to happen , and I knew I needed to go do something . I walked into a dark hallway . I couldn 't figure out what was wrong . I walked around to the kitchen . I could smell the overwhelming aroma of gas in the air . The stove , which is an industrial stove and has large flames , had a burner left on . And one of the other burners was on but didn 't have a flame , so the gas was coming out of the top of the stove . I was shaking . I went into a cold sweat . If that gas had met with that flame , our house , which was built many , many years ago and is made of all wood , would have erupted into flames . And my room , which was right above it , would have been the first one to go . I was really reluctant to mention anything , to not only my sisters but to my friends or family . Having grown up in a household where I wasn 't encouraged to believe in things like ghosts , I felt like if I started to talk about an experience with a ghost that they would think that there was something wrong with me , that I needed to go talk to someone . But when I had my experience , I knew that there was something in the house , obviously , that something was Truly wrong . It was strange how the house itself was just so negative and there was all these negative emotions and negative energy attached to the house . But yet this spirit of this man , all I could feel from him was peace and calm . It was the complete opposite . It really made me question , well , where did all of these negative emotions come from ? Where did all this stress come from ? Where did all of this tension and anxiety come from that I felt whenever I was in the house ? Was it ... was it just me ? One evening , I was getting ready for bed , and I went into the bedroom . Something was in the hallway . It was a sphere of this staticky energy . Whatever this was had a lot of power . And somehow I knew it was there to hurt me . I didn 't know what it was capable of doing . I didn 't know what it wanted to do with me . I just wanted it gone . I grabbed a Bible . I just tried to read out loud . I tried to read anything , something . But the words on the pages were blurry and they were getting jumbled . It was scary that whatever this was had the power to manipulate my mind , and I felt powerless . Help ! One evening , I was getting ready for bed . There was a sphere of this staticky energy . And somehow I knew it was there to hurt me . I couldn 't believe what I was seeing . I was ... I was almost in disbelief . But then I thought about the man that I had seen in the house . He was a calm , peaceful spirit , but yet whatever this thing was was extremely negative . And I realized that he is different from the house . The house and this spirit were two separate entities . I really was questioning my sanity . What was going on in my head ? I didn 't know what else to do . Help ! Help ! And that 's when in through the wall walks the man I had seen before . And it walked in between me and whatever this thing was , almost like a shield . I don 't know how he did it , but whatever he did ... Made it leave . They were both gone . The next morning , when I woke up , things were different about the house . There wasn 't that oppressiveness . It didn 't feel like the same house . It felt so much better . When I asked him for his help , I don 't know if that led to empowerment on his part , but whatever he did worked , and it was clear the next morning that it was gone . At that point , it was a very different feeling in the house . The air in the room had changed . I felt calm . What 's up ? Finally , I was really , really ready to just talk about it . I saw this light . Well , more than anything , I felt it , you know . It was so angry , and it was like it was coming right at me . Caroline brought up that her experience included that she saw a man . And she started describing him . I asked him for help , and he came to save me . I , um ... And Nicole goes , " oh . Well , that 's ... that 's the same guy that I saw . " For the last month , two months . And then kristen jumped in and said that the person that I was describing sounded like someone that she had seen also . I thought I was going insane . It was ... it was uncanny . And from there , it just spiraled into all of the incidents that we individually had and how much they correlated with each other . It was just crazy . Knowing that I was not alone in my experience was an overwhelming sense of relief . Come ... come with me . Come on . What ? After that moment , I think that we really needed to find out what it was that was happening , who the person was that we had seen , and why were they in the house ? And so we decided to do a little research into the history of our house . Was he , you know , somebody that had just lived in the house before us or during ... when it used to be a fraternity or ... I had absolutely no idea who this person was . I discovered that what had happened in the house wasn 't the result of a fraternity . The house , which stands on the eastern side of Ann arbor only a few blocks from the university campus , was the former residence of Joseph Jacob walser and his family . Hi , dad . Joseph Jacob walser was an industrialist who was a graduate of the university of Michigan in Ann arbor in 1899 . - Oh , my God . - Oh , my God . When I saw the picture , I caught my breath in my throat , and I started shaking . It was complete shock . I was speechless . It ... it was insane . It was the exact ... Same face . What 's up ? Caroline brought up that her experience included that she saw a man . And she started describing him . I asked him for help , and he came to save me . Come ... come with me . Come on . What ? After that moment , I think that we really needed to find out what it was that was happening , who the person was that we had seen . Joseph Jacob walser was an industrialist who was a graduate of the university of Michigan in Ann arbor in 1899 . Hi , dad . I was speechless . It ... it was insane . It was the exact ... Same face . How do you spell it ? It 's w-a-l-s-e-r . Mr. walser built his dream home over on the fashionable east side of town . Look , look , there he is . And there he lived in this house with his wife and four daughters . Crazy . A year after building his house , Mr. walser contracted a disease that was later identified as tuberculosis . His form of TB was not susceptible to treatment . They only gave him about a year to live . He was gaunt , emaciated , dark circles under his eyes , what you might call a walking skeleton . Mr. walser thought perhaps he should try to seek a more pleasant climate ... And moved with his wife down to lake worth , Florida . He left his four daughters behind at the big home in Ann arbor . Unfortunately , he would never see them again . Mr. walser died at the young age of 42 in lake worth , Florida , on new year 's day of 1921 . Wait . It gets better . Did you see this ? This is what we found downstairs . At the time of his death , walser 's four daughters were practically the age of the sorority girls who live in the house today . It was as though every question I had had about my experience started to come together . Knowing that you have an illness that people don 't recover from and knowing that you 're never going to see your daughters or your wife again would be a feeling of loss that is unsurmountable . All the puzzle pieces started to fall into place . He wasn 't the thing that I was afraid of . Looking back at all the different girls that got sick in the house ... Oh , God . His energy was there to protect us ... And to save us from whatever it was that had made him sick . It was very uplifting ... To know that , you know ... Here 's this person who was a dad , and ... Looked at us like his daughters and still wanted to protect us , like a father . I will always remember him for the positive , loving protector that he was . Was there something in the house when he built it that made him sick ? Did his sickness manifest its own energy ? Whatever the negative force was , it was tied to the house and not the spirit that was in the house . With the darkness that was surrounding the house , it gave him a sense of peace , the fact that by living in that house , he wanted to restore a good feeling . He was there to make me feel like I would always be protected and I would always be safe . I believe that I have a guardian angel . If I have a guardian angel , there must be demons . There must be things out there actively working to cause people pain and anger . That 's the scariest thing .
