 I was confronted with something that could not be explained . Chris . The ghost appeared to me repeatedly . Wherever I went , it followed . I 'd never seen anybody scared before like that . I can see something forming . That ghost came right at me . This was something evil that was happening to him . It was going after his friends . Do not attack this creature of God . It felt as though someone had stabbed me with a knife . It got so bad ... That I wondered if I would live . I was a very serious runner in college . I 'd wake up in the morning . I 'd run between six and ten miles before the sun came up . I 'd go to my classes , then , after school , go to the official cross-country or track practice . Attaboy , attaboy , attaboy , attaboy ! Beautiful . Good job , Chris . My goal was to make the olympic marathon team for the United States of America . I wanted to be on the wheaties box . I wanted to be the next person to wave the flag on the stadium and run around with the " U.S.A. " across my chest . I devoted every aspect of my life to trying to run as best as I could . He was strong , had intestinal fortitude for the distances . My father instilled that in me as a youth . He said , you know , " I gave you my name . " That 's what I can give to you . And what you do with it , that 's up to you . " Chris always enjoyed the challenge of the competition . I absolutely believed in Chris . One , two , three , whoo ! But the training program that Chris was undergoing was very vigorous . It was something that one had to be dedicated to . To your marks ! I learned early on in running how to control your body . And I needed a way to try to tone the outside world out so it was just me running forward to my goal . And so I learned at an early age , from my grandmother , actually , to count to ten . Before every race , I would close my eyes , and I 'd count . When I was to ten , I felt as though I was in control of myself . That allowed me to think more clearly during the race . My sophomore year started out with great promise . And I figured , " this is my year . " This is the year I 'm gonna break through that ceiling and Truly make a name for myself . " Yes ! Yeah ! Yeah ! Yeah ! Whoo ! I remember , one night , there was a toga party in the dormitory . Jeff ! Jeff was an observer at parties . He always had a notebook with him or a camera , as though he were going to record life . I guess I was the eyes and ears of the campus . I always had my camera with me . - Hey ! - Hey ! No , Jeff . Beth was a very decent person . It was an important friendship for me with Chris and Jeff because they were really accepting of me as a freshman . I had a great little group of friends . It was nice . It was like our own little family in college . I remember , one night , I was in my room by myself , working on a paper . And that was tough , and I had to focus on what I was doing . - Chris . - What ? I heard someone call my name . And I figured maybe someone just popped their head in , and there was no reply . Chris . And this time , I looked around , and my door was closed . The windows were closed , and there was no way I could understand that this was possible . And so I got out of my chair , and I walked to the door and looked in the hallway . No one there . My best guess was , it was some kind of joke , some kind of prank . And so I put headphones on . I blast the music loud so I couldn 't hear anything that they were saying to bother me . Chris . In my headphones , over the music , clear as day , I heard ... " Chris . " Whoever 's doing this to me , this prank , they are good . I didn 't know why they 'd play a joke on me or what the reason was , but I knew I wouldn 't be a part of it . Chris . I knew , eventually , whoever pulled the prank would come over to me and say , " hey , you should 've seen your face . " I waited an hour . I waited two hours , plus , and not one person came up and said , " gotcha . " That made no sense . And I thought , " well , if it 's not a prank , what could it be ? " And , you know , so I thought , " well , what do I do ? " I was a runner , and so when I could , I went for a run , and I wanted to clear my head . I was trying to put together what could 've happened , and I couldn 't . I got back from my run , and as I stood there in the shower ... Whoa , whoa , whoa ! What 's going on ? My roommate , he was out of breath . And I said to him , " what happened ? " You won 't believe me if I tell you . " And I heard someone call your name . It was right behind me , and no one was there . " I felt terrified . I so wished he had just turned to me and said , " ha-ha , you should 've seen your face . That was the best thing ever , " you know ? That wasn 't the case . He didn 't say that . Hey , man , um ... He didn 't want to stay in that room that night . And so I was there alone . I 'm sorry , man . Maybe I should 've opened up to my roommate about what was going on , but I just ... I couldn 't . I felt nervous . I felt a sense of uneasiness about what was happening . And I began looking for a way in which I could calm my mind down . And my parents had sent me a care package . At the very bottom of this care package with a nice sweater and letters and money was a box of cinnamon candy . I loved these cinnamon candies . And I begin to eat them . And as I chew on this candy ... And I hear this hissing sound . And I decided to go down to investigate . And I realized ... It was my tape recorder . And so I climb back up into the loft . So I went back down . And sure enough , my tape recorder was on again . So I reached over , and I pulled the cord out of the wall . And I tossed it . As I went to make my way back up the ladder , I get this strong pronounced chill , this feeling of cold behind me , as though somebody is watching me . And so I fell back upon my tried and true . " I 'm gonna count to ten . " And when I get to ten , I 'm gonna turn around , and nothing will be there . " I never made it to ten . Six , seven ... Maybe I should 've opened up to my roommate about what was going on , but I just ... I couldn 't . He didn 't want to stay in that room that night . And so I was there alone . And I hear this hissing sound . And I realized it was my tape recorder . And I get this feeling of cold behind me , as though somebody is watching me . And so I fell back upon my tried and true . " I 'm gonna count to ten . I 'm gonna turn around , and nothing will be there . " I never made it to ten . Six ... - I got to seven . - Seven ... I had to look . I saw a shape . It looked human . And I noticed that his legs ... I couldn 't see his legs below his thighs . The legs of this person were disappearing into the stereo . And then I start to see this image , this mist , form into a pale face . Help me . I couldn 't handle that . I just ran . I ran for my life . I ran for my life as fast as I could run . And all of a sudden , there 's this God-awful commotion . What ? He was in terror . Something had scared him , and it was clearly evident to me that he was in some serious need of help . I can 't ... I can 't believe I panicked . " I can 't believe I panicked . " He just kept repeating that over and over again . I kept asking him to clarify , to slow down , to take a breath . I saw a ghost . And he looked at me . I don 't know if he thought , perhaps , I was joking with him . I 'd never seen anybody scared before like that . It wasn 't about whether I believed him in that moment . He believed it . He got his notebook . Tell me everything that happened . That was a way for me to deal with the situation . I was sitting at my desk ... Legs were floating into the stereo . And his neck , it just didn 't look right . Chris ' dorm room 's two steps away from my room , and yet it feels like it 's miles away . But when we walked into that room , it seemed so ordinary . And there 's nothing there . I didn 't want to stay in that room that night . I was fascinated by what was going on . And I thought that maybe we could communicate with it . Have you ever thought about recording , maybe getting the ghost on tape ? Far from being terrified from it in that moment , I wanted to see what else I could witness . And Chris agreed . It was very , very important for him to establish that this was something that was outside of his own psyche rather than inside , that he was not hallucinating , that he was not having a mental breakdown . With the audiotape , it was very important that we control the environment so that any strange , unexplained noises that we did record would be just that , strange and unexplained . The drawers , the chair , all of these areas , I was careful to note their positioning . The windows were secured so that we knew they were not open . The closet door was latched . And Jeff said to me , " I want you to talk into the tape recorder . " I was nervous . I was shaking . I 'm trying to help you . If you 'd like to say anything , I 'm leaving this box on . All you have to do is speak . It will pick up your voice . In order to help , I must know why you 're here . I hope you understand . I posted myself outside the doorway . Basically , I stood guard that whole time the tape was running . Oh , my God . Right away , we saw things were different . The window had opened . The chair had moved . The closet door was unlatched . Chris . We rewound the tape . I was very eager to listen to it ; Chris , not so much . He was afraid that we would actually catch something , and I was hoping that we did . We heard static for quite some time , and I was relieved . And then we heard other sounds . I heard the chair being pulled out . His eyes got huge . And he was like ... he could not believe it that we were actually capturing these sounds . Almost a gurgling , low-pitched voice . Jeff nodded his head in approval , like he also heard this sound . Despite my reasoning or my rational mind , I was confronted with something that just could not be explained . This confirmed Chris ' worst nightmare . Let 's take a picture of it . Come on . I 'll get my camera . And I thought , " we should see if we could capture a photograph . " We should get it on camera . But I said to him , " I don 't know what to do . " Just call the ghost . He 's like , " Jeff , how do I do that ? How do I call the ghost ? " Uh , okay , uh ... Hello , if you 're ... As I said a few words , I could see the closet door begin to shake back and forth . I thought to myself , " oh , my God . What is going on ? " And he 's like , " Jeff , take the picture . Jeff , take the picture . " Jeff , take the picture ! And I heard a gurgling , low-pitched voice . Like , he could not believe it that we were actually capturing these sounds . Come on . I 'll get my camera . And I thought , " we should see if we could capture a photograph . " And then I start to see this image . I can see something forming . And I see the face , the neck , the eyes . And I know the ghost is here . Take the picture ! I could see the terror . And he was shaky . I snapped the picture , and the flash went off . That ghost came right at me . He went right through me . It felt like every cell of my body froze for a moment and then unfroze . Where is it ? Chris ! I 'm like , " where is it ? Where is it ? Chris , I don 't see anything . " I snapped that shot , and I ran out of that room . I remember going through , flipping each 4x6 . I get to the last one ... Here it is . I clearly saw a skeleton and the vertebrae and the ribcage . I saw a spinal column and the hint of a skull . No . No way . This cannot be real . It 's like the ghost was forming at that moment . And if we had waited long enough , we may have actually captured it for real . I was concerned about Chris ' state of mind . I was worried for his health , emotional health . And I didn 't know what advice to offer Chris . I 'm coming to some kind of point , eventually , where I 'm gonna have to make a choice . You know , do I stay , or do I go ? And I couldn 't tell the building manager why I wanted to change rooms because I felt that they would judge me or perhaps spread the story across the campus . The last thing I wanted to do was destroy my name . The ghost appeared to me repeatedly over the next few weeks . It seemed as though wherever I went , it followed . The last time that I ran or tried to run , I 'd gotten maybe 200 yards , and my legs just wouldn 't respond . They were just weak . My body was telling me , " shut it down . Shut it down . " I was no longer a runner . I was somebody else I didn 't recognize and didn 't want to be . Chris was in a rough spot . He ... He was not eating . He was not sleeping . He was very withdrawn . His eyes were not bright anymore . He just wasn 't Chris . You all right , man ? Chris . Where are you going ? Chris , come on . This was something evil or something really bad that was happening to him . I was raised catholic , and I decided to call upon my faith . All through my life , my father was a guiding figure . I couldn 't reach out to him . I couldn 't pick up the phone and even call him . How would I explain to him mists in the air ? There was no way I could speak to him in that way . He initially delayed seeing the priest because he was embarrassed . But he wanted this ghost gone . And I sat there very patiently as he turned page after page . I believe you . And he said , " I 'm gonna help . " Around 8 : 00 P.M. , the priest knocked on my door . - Chris . - Father Brian . And he said , " is this the room ? " And I said , " yes , it is . " He placed a candle in the four corners of the room . And then he began to pray . Our father who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name . And as a catholic going to church , the first two prayers I knew , the our father and the hail Mary . The third prayer , I had never heard before . And that was intriguing to me . I command you , unclean spirit , to obey me to the letter , I , a servant of God , as undeserving as I am . Do not attack this creature of God or any of his possessions . And then it got quiet . And I said to him , " am I gonna be okay ? " And he said , " yeah , we 're good . " He said , " a blessing basically commands a spirit to find a different place to rest . " And I asked the priest , " can the ghost get back in the room ? " Not if you don 't invite him back . And I assured him , " no , sir , that is not gonna happen . " That night , I didn 't see the ghost ; I didn 't hear the ghost . The following morning , the energy in the room was somehow lifted . It felt safe . And then I felt almost like I had a new lease on life , like chance number two . I felt like it was ... well , like , I might be able to , someday , do these things again . I began to think it was all finally over . I came back from a run . Once again , I had some sense of peace , some sense of comfort that things would be okay . Then I was distracted by this shadow washing across the ceiling above me . I knew I was alone . There was nobody . As soon as I turned that water off ... I began to think , and I hoped , it was all finally over . I came back from a run . Once again , I had some sense of peace , some sense of comfort that things would be okay . As soon as I turned that water off ... It felt as though someone had stabbed me with a knife . I ran out into the center of the bathroom to fight . I 'm , like , looking to fight somebody , and there 's nobody there . And I turn to look to the mirror , and then I see . I see my back is bleeding . Three long scratches . I fall on my knees , and I said , " who are you ? What are you ? You coward ! Show yourself ! Come out ! Come out here and show yourself ! And there 's nothing . There seemed to be no end , no answer . And here I thought things had been resolved , and ... Things were worse than before . Next thing I knew , the door opened up , and there was Jeff . Chris . Chris was right down on the tile floor in front of the sinks , curled up in pain . Something had happened . Chris . He had been attacked by something in the shower . He had a line of three scratches running down the length of his back from , like , his left shoulder to kind of his torso . It was his mid-torso area . I didn 't understand what exactly had occurred . Come on . Let 's go . Come on . Come on . Come on . I thought I heard some ... oh , my God ! There were just three scratches . Chris was completely panicked , completely petrified . That really made me think that it was evil . And he clearly was right back where we left off . I don 't know if I 'm being punished for something . Now it 's come at me with these physical attacks . I 'm in big trouble . And I did wonder , " well , could something happen to somebody else or any of us ? What does this mean ? " It got so bad that I wondered if I would live . I wondered if I should even try . It came down to two choices , to kill myself or call my father . My father was a man of science , very educated , very logical . As I grew up , almost everything my father said was correct . Hey . Hey , dad . I told him , " look , I 'm having a hard time , dad . " His voice was faltering . There was no strength in it . He said , " dad , I 'm in trouble . I don 't know what 's going on . " I 'm really afraid . I told him what I 'd been seeing , what had been happening to me . And I don 't know what he was thinking . Dad ... Dad , this is real . So he said , " I 'll be right there . " He had lost maybe 15 , 20 pounds . His face was drawn . The Chris that I was looking at was not the same Chris that I had seen maybe a month or so before . I told him that I would stay the night , that whatever was there we would deal with together , and that , for at least that night , he would get a good night 's sleep . I 'd be there . Chris went to bed . I sat in a chair at the foot of the bed for the remainder of the night . He stayed that night . And he had a baseball bat and a handgun with him . I felt this overwhelming presence . It seemed to emanate from a closet . I was not sure if I wanted to know what it was . All I knew was that if something was present , it had to go through me . I told him that I would stay the night , that whatever was there we would deal with together . He stayed that night . And he had a baseball bat and a handgun with him . Looking into that closet , I was not sure if I wanted to know what it was . When I woke up in the morning , I woke up with a start . I ... it was the first time I had allowed myself to sleep for more than an hour at a time . And I knew my father hadn 't slept the whole night . I did not know what I could do to help Chris . I knew that the solution had to come from within himself . I decided that , for all practical purposes , I would not say anything to him about it ... Until this day . I said , " you know you can turn to me . " You can turn to your mother . If you need help , call . And I told him ... Chris ... " Move out of that room . " Until he sees this program , I don 't think he has any clue of what happened that night . I knew he saw something . I knew my father . And I knew he wouldn 't talk about things that bothered him . That wasn 't his way . When he told me to change my room , that meant something happened . I was in my room by myself , trying to study . Chris . And then I heard ... " Chris . " You know , it was one of those things where I thought , " what ? " And I continued to try and read . But then I heard it again . Chris . I was very , very scared , very worried for myself , thinking that , " well , this thing had hurt Chris . It could hurt me too . " Chris . Beth hadn 't shown up to my room as she had said she would , and I wanted to make sure she was okay . Beth ? When I got to her door , it was partially open . Beth , are you okay ? There was no answer . - Oh , my God . - Oh , God . All I could see of Beth were her feet . - Beth ! - Beth ! Beth ? Beth ? Come on . And I said , " Beth , are you okay ? " Beth , come on . Wake up . Wake up . I remember just kind of , all of a sudden , coming to and seeing Chris and not really knowing why he was there . I just didn 't know what to do . I just couldn 't take it anymore . I didn 't want to hear it anymore . I wanted it to leave . So I just started throwing things , thinking , " maybe I can hit it . Maybe it will just go away . " I just needed it to stop . And at some point , I lost consciousness . I knew , at that moment , there was no doubt what was going on . The ghost was in her room . Like the scratches , this was a whole new level . It was going after his friends . It was branching out . And it was becoming much more serious . This was my ultimate fear . Not only now was I being impacted negatively by this thing ; Now my friends were . Because I had in some way failed to seek help properly or deal with things properly or understand , now the terror , the horror , was spreading to people that I cared about . I realized , " you know what ? " This is gonna get worse and worse . " Maybe I have to just throw caution to the wind , " be brave , and face that thing , no matter what happens . " I walked into that room by myself . I was determined to try to do what the priest did ... Try to re-create some kind of holy environment . And I was going to invite him in . And I didn 't know what the repercussions could 've been if things went wrong . And I didn 't know if I 'd leave that room . I knew exactly what I had to do . I then said , " this is it . " I 'm here now . If you want my help , now is the time . " And I waited . I walked into that room by myself , try to re-create some kind of holy environment . I knew exactly what I had to do . If you want my help , you 're gonna have to speak to me now . Then I got the chills , that feeling , the cold run up my back and my neck and my arms , and I knew the ghost was in that room . I didn 't dare look . I felt that familiar shadow . I tried to find the courage to stay in that room and not run . I knew this was the moment . And right in front of me , I saw the ghost , clear as day . I had never seen the ghost this clear . There was no fading . There was no ethereal quality . It looked like a human being . I tried my best to maintain my focus , looking at those eyes , and I saw sadness . And I said ... You have to let go . " You need to find rest . And if you want my help , you 're gonna talk right now . " His mouth moved , and ... So much pain . I heard " wrong . " A rope . I couldn 't help but feel compassion for this thing , this person . Something of what I felt inside of me was , I think , reflected in that ghost . You know , all that time I ran and I screamed and I yelled , and there I was , feeling sorry for it , this thing that terrorized me and attacked me . And I felt bad . I felt bad for it . I 'm sorry . " You need to find rest . You just can 't stay here anymore . " I closed my eyes . One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten . And he was gone . The next day , I opened my eyes . " This is a brand-new day . It 's a brand-new start for me . " It was all right , you know . - That 's nice . - Yes , it 's ... Jeff ! Beth ! Hey . How 's it going ? - How are you ? - Good to see you , man . How are you doing ? After that point , Chris started to feel more comfortable again . He wasn 't walking with his head down . He was walking , looking out at people , looking up . I think things are gonna be better . - Yeah , you look good . - Thanks . - A lot better . - You look really good . Chris was not troubled from that moment on . Yep . Stretch it out . There 's something liberating about being given a second chance . Look who 's back . Welcome back , son . And I was gonna make the most of the opportunity . After the experience that Chris and I had at Geneseo back in 1985 ... Hey . - I would say ... - Oh , my God , Chris . Yes , I do believe in ghosts . I 'm still a skeptic , but I 'm four notches down on the level . There definitely could be something . To deny what exists because we just can 't measure it or find it does not mean it doesn 't exist . That was the year I began to grow up . I will never know what the ghost wanted from me , but I will never forget him .
