 Previously on Continuum : - There is a war coming . - How can you be so sure ? Because we are going to start it . We will do this by inspiring a new generation to take up our cause . If you want to change the world you have to leave the living room first . I don 't know how to tell you this , I 'm missing a piece . If I 'm ever going to get home the last thing I need is a trail that leads here . A girl 's gotta have secrets . We 've got intel . Liber8 is among the leading edge . Fall in . What a waste ! Liber8 calls themselves revolutionaries but all I see are vandals with no respect for private property . If there 's a message I 'm not getting it . Food ? They 're stealing provisions ? These were supposed to be distributed . That 's Piron 's concern . Let 's keep moving . If these people are starving because of withheld provisions . Sometime 's it 's best not to ask hard questions , someone else will figure it out . But if not us , then who ? { CELL PHONE } Hey Carlos ! Yeah , yeah , coffee is great , thanks . I will meet you there . Hey ! Julian ! Where 're you going ? Ah , those horse stalls aren 't going to clean themselves . Well , then they won 't get done . Whoa . You 're skipping out on chores ? That 's not like you . What 's your dad going to say ? My dad 's not going to say anything . Cool . Secret 's safe with me . You going into town ? Mind your own business . How is it these protesters can be here for weeks on end . They 're camped on city land . Turfing them would require getting the Mayor involved , and he 's probably in there somewhere . So the authorities do nothing ? Show force before you have to , you risk inflaming the crowd , escalates a situation that might not escalate . It always escalates one way or another . Nah . These occupiers are going to make some noise then sing Kumbayah and smoke a little weed and eat soy burgers . They 're harmless . Transparency ? I didn 't know they had the technology for that now . What are you talking about ? Transparency . To see through something . Have you been living in a vacuum ? In this context they 're asking for transparent business practices from the government and the corporations . Openness , communication and accountability .. I 've never a horse before they 're so beautiful . You saying there are no horses in the future ? It 's a long story . My name 's Julian . That 's the kid we 've been waiting for . Check him . Yeah . Apparently you 're some kind of big deal . Ready to make a change , Julian ? { CELL PHONE } Go time , people . Come on ! Whoo ! Can you depend on them ? Every game needs its pawns . We should be leading them . The beauty of a move lies not in its appearance but in the thought behind it . They share our belief , our anger . It just needs to be cultivated . Now that we 're in this time , what 's past is prologue . Shakespeare . And we re-write the prologue . Check . { ROWDY CROWD } The situation downstairs is escalating , ma 'am . We have a car waiting in the garage . I 'll do whatever you say ! I know . 2077 , my time , my city , my family . When terrorists killed thousands of innocents , they were condemned to die . They had other plans . A time travel device sent us all back 65 years . I want to get home . But I can 't be sure what I 'll return to if history is changed . Their plan ... to corrupt and control the present in order to win the future . What they didn 't plan on was me ! Anybody in the building actually witness the abduction ? The only ones that saw anything are dead . They obviously used the riot to cover for the kidnapping . Question is , who was pulling the strings ? You think our friends are involved ? Hey ! There 's something you need to see . My name is Henrietta Sherman . I 'm the Chief Executive Officer of Exotrol World Corporation . I am a criminal . I have stolen money from investors . And manipulated profits . Hello . Liber8 has shown me the error of my ways . And I accept this punishment . Instructions will follow . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Where did the page go ? Each trace I run I get a new location . The original server 's a ghost . The person who made this is good . Get over to Exotrol , see what you can find . Security procedure is to evacuate all executive staff should their safety be threatened . Were you evacuated , Mr. Chou ? I was at a breakfast for an environmental charity we sponsor . Have you received any threats recently ? A multi-national corporation receives dozens every day . You don 't seem bothered . It 's a cost of doing business I 'm afraid . Detectives , I 'd like you to meet Frank Bolo . Frank is our Head of Security here at Exotrol . All security issues for Exotrol go through Frank and his team . Not now that this is a police matter . We 'll take it from here . I served with military intelligence for two decades , Detective . I have access to more resources than the police department . Yet your Queen was kidnapped from her own castle . Why didn 't you file a report with police about these various threats ? They were looked upon as a private matter , you understand . We need to see all your security footage from the time of the abduction . Right this way . I 'll bring it up on the main monitor . We think they used a field damper to scramble the signal . Same with cameras to and from the loading dock . All these cameras , not one captured a glimpse of the attackers ? Whoever did this was a professional . They must have compromised the building 's security layout ... Every system 's bound to have its blind spots . You 're suggesting whoever pulled this off had intimate knowledge of the inter-workings of your company 's security system . It would seem so . Do you trust your team , Mr. Bolo ? Every last one , and frankly I 'm offended by the question . We lost two good men today , Detective . We have to explore every option . Well I assure you Mr. Bolo and I are at your disposal . We more than anyone , want to see the secure return of Ms. Sherman . It looks like liber8 is going live with another video . Can you copy that link ? I , Henrietta Sherman its CEO and President , am ordering Exotrol Corporation to prepare $ 20 million cash , today . This ransom will be paid without negotiation . Where and when will be provided shortly . Trace that video now ! This is insane . Can you get the ransom together in enough time ? I need board approval ... So get them . You do nothing and she will die . We 'll be in touch gentlemen . Let 's go ! Draw them out by giving them what they want . It 's ballsy . Given what you know about Liber8 , would you do otherwise ? $ 20 million is a huge risk . You sure this will work ? They 're hungry for it so we 'll give them a taste . But that 's the thing about hunger . They 've got to stick their necks out to get fed ... and that 's when they 're vulnerable . Get a life . Gotcha . Julian ? You 're gonna owe me big time when you see what I 've got for you . Is that so ? I hacked into social media servers , cloud photo storage , and found some footage that will take the police a while to get through legal channels . And ? I got a face and an I.D of the guy who I think may be leading the anarchists among the legitimate protestors . - I 'm sending them to you now ! - Right . Francis Hall . And he has an ugly mother too . With priors . This everything ? Yep . Thank you , Alec . You 've got that look on your face , again . Francis Hall . We can tie link to the violence and protests . Can we link him to Sherman ? He works at a tattoo parlour on Broadway . How 'd you get this ? Why even ask ? Hello ? Anybody home ? { CRASH SOUNDS } I don 't know what you 're talking about . Get the hell off me ! Bolo ! Drop the gun . Slowly ... Take it away from you ... Pure stupidity ... They 're going about it the wrong way . No one 's going to hear them over the smashing glass and vandalism . Such a waste . You sound like you understand them . I understand their frustration . The corporations keep squeezing . How can an honest working man defend himself these days when the corporations hide their dirty practices behind a justice system that supports them . Hey , sweetheart you hungry ? Starving . Where 's Julian ? I haven 't seen him today . The news reports said the violent faction coordinated using social media . This is precisely what I 've been trying to tell you , Alec . This techno-garbage you keep wasting your life on will never be used responsibly . Great things can be done with technology . Great things can be done with hard work and sweat . You should take a page out of Julian 's book , son . There is a thing or two you could learn from that boy . There 's something you should know about Julian . I should book you too . Assault , carrying a concealed weapon ... I have an ATC-3 license . Totally legit . Doesn 't entitle you to pistol whip a suspect and interfere with a police investigation . How did you find him ? You got your sources ... I got mine . While you were beating him did he mention anything useful ? Whoever did this used him and his disciples as cover for the kidnapping . If I 'd had five more minutes I would 've found out who hired him . You get any other information pertaining to this case you bring it to us , understand ? Other than that you stay the hell out of the way . So I 'm free to go ? Let 's go see what Francis Hall has to say . Let 's see here ... We 've got you on inciting a riot , destruction of property , aiding and abetting a kidnapping , obstruction of justice and pretty sure I saw you jaywalking . With your priors I 'd say that gets you five to ... I don 't know ... life . So how about it Francis ? Who hired you ? Like I told you , we 're anarchists . We do this shit just to provoke tools like you . Carlos , can you go get me this master manipulator 's rap sheet I left it on your desk . I 'll keep Francis company . Please tell me you 're about to play bad cop . I would really , really like that . Careful what you wish for . Ahh ! Now you are going to answer some questions , whether you like it or not . Do you want me to repeat everything I told you ? No , that won 't be necessary . There are other crimes you should know about . When I was 15 ... Shh ! That 's a cool trick . Sometimes you gotta know which buttons to push . I 'll just wait here . Hall received his orders via text like the others . Doesn 't know the source . Run a trace on his cell he 's been using a burner phone . Maybe I can also get the original source for the encrypted website feed off his cell . Great . Hey ! That was Terrence Chou . He 's got approval from the board for the ransom . He 's waiting for a location for the drop . Something 's up . This is big ! This is going viral in a big way ! You know what the hell is going on ? It 's like a mass text . Exotrol ... Exotrol steals from the people . It 's the same text message over and over again . What the hell are they up to ? If you wanted to collect a $ 20 million dollar ransom why draw this much attention ? Maybe attention is what they wanted . - A diversion ? - No , not like this . Something else ... { CELL PHONE } Hold on . Fonnegra ! Kiera , what 's going on ? ... Theater . That was Terrence . He just heard from Liber8 . Do we have a drop location ? Would you believe Exotrol Plaza ? { ROWDY CROWD } What happens now ? We 're supposed to get delivery instructions . Please tell me you have some leads ? We 're working on it . Let 's focus on the task at hand shall we ? I don 't like being on the back foot . We 've got to get a step ahead of these people . The money 's rigged , thermal tracking . We have top cover and ten units are providing a cordon . Wherever they want us to drop the money we 'll nail them the second they try to pick it up . This money was supposed to buy Ms. Sherman 's freedom , where is she ? { CELL PHONE } Carlos ... { CHANTING PROTESTERS } We want the money ... { CHANTING PROTESTERS } We want the money ... Liber8 wants us to give them the money ? You think this is their play ? We have to go forward . If we go back there 's no telling what Kagame might do to Ms. Sherman . I 'm more worried about what this mob will do to us if we don 't . { CHANTING PROTESTERS } We want the money ... Alec , whoever 's sending these texts may have line of sight . I am one step ahead of you . { CHANTING PROTESTERS } We want the money ... Okay , guys , start handing out the money . Want another round like we had this morning ? Let 's go ! { CHANTING PROTESTERS } We want the money ... West side of the plaza . The texts are coming from Ms. Sherman 's own phone . Liber8 ... Signal is still there , holding position . Liber8 .. Right in front of you . Liber8 ... Ms. Sherman ... Where have you been ? In town seeing some friends . Anyone who got me involved in a riot , destruction of property , violence ... that wouldn 't be someone I 'd call a friend . I don 't know what you 're talking about . Are you telling me you didn 't just go into town and raise hell ? Who told you that ? Just answer the question ... were you involved in that riot ? It was for the cause . For Liber8 . - You 're always saying ... - No . I never advocated violence . That is not how we go about change . You think anybody watched your chaos and had any sympathy for you , for the movement we believe in ? A movement has to move , has to move , needs to do something . You 're so busy talking that you don 't realize how empty your words really are . I 'm disappointed in you . Disappointed in me ? Before we had to live here we had our own farm . Your father 's farm , that was going to be mine . Then the bank took it . And you let it happen . Watch your mouth ! Hit me , hit me , hit me ! Show a little bit of respect ! It would prove you had some balls . Roland ! That 's what I thought . A new ransom video just went live . Money is power . At least , that 's what executives like Ms. Sherman would like you to believe . That 's Kagame 's voice . But even giving away $ 20 million of her company 's ill gotten profits hasn 't humbled Ms. Sherman much . Betty ? Trying to lock down the location but they 're using a variant DNS server . Almost seems that nobody can ever bring the guilty to account . But what if you could ? Dammit . What if Ms. Sherman 's fate was in your hands ? From now until sundown , you the people may vote on this woman 's fate . In two hours time she lives or dies as you dictate . The guilty will be held accountable . That countdown expires in two hours . And clearly the people want their pound of flesh . Excuse me . { CELL PHONE } You only call when you want something . Shame that it 's never the something I want you to want . What exactly is Kagame up to ? Optics . You want to paint them as criminals . They are criminals . One man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . But how do you switch from one to the other ? You give the public what they want . Become Robin Hood . Hearts and minds , far more effective than bombs and guns . How do I find them ? We 're running out of time . What do I get in return ? I don 't feel like trading . Interesting choice of words . Have you been following the markets and Exotrol 's stock ? What about them ? Who stands to gain from Sherman 's predicament and in what circumstance ? Start there . Alec , I need you to look into all the trading on Exotrol stock . I don 't know why you trust that guy he would turn on you in a heartbeat . I don 't trust him . Nice possibility . More than 100,000 votes in less than an hour . 63 percent want her dead . I thought the spectacle of public execution was a thing of the past . They think it 's some kind of a game . They can 't imagine that it 's real . What 've you got ? Nothing yet . Still working on it . But I did trace the source of Francis Hall 's text message . It came from a work station inside Exotrol 's corporate offices . Go ! Where the hell is she ? Remember when we caught Frank questioning Francis about the kidnapping ? Did you notice his gun ? The one that was pointed at the guy 's skull . Safety was off . I don 't think Frank was questioning him , he was going to kill him . Clean up loose ends . So you 're saying , Frank used Francis to orchestrate the riot to cover the kidnapping . But why ? What 's his angle ? Now we know what to ask him . If you 're headed to Exotrol to find Frank Bolo then you 're headed in the wrong way . He already swiped out for the day . I tracked him back to his house . I will send you the address . Hey Frank ! We need a word . { SIREN WAILING } { FIGHTING GRUNTS } Thanks . How well do you know the history of this period ? They purged the history files from my school 's data net in 2058 . In 2010 the world 's banking industry nearly collapses , due to some questionable business practices . What happened next ? Governments bailed them out . Not a single corporate CEO went to trial and they walked away with billions in bonuses . The only ones who suffered were the people they were supposed to be accountable to . No wonder the Corporations changed the history books . We forgot our history , and they repeated it . As much fun as this is , I don 't have the time to sit here to stare at each other all day . I 've got all day . What about Ms. Sherman ? She 's only got hours . As long as she 's alive , you 're only facing conspiracy charges . Don 't forget , assaulting a police officer . Maybe the two of you should be out there looking for her . You know , I don 't think he 's scared of us . I don 't think so either . He 's a tough guy . I don 't know if I 'd go that far . Maybe he only respects other tough guys . What are you thinking ? Just curious . How Travis will react if he finds out that Frank here rolled on the gang . You know , I don 't think Liber8 would hesitate even for a second to send a message to other wanna be tough guys That might want to rat them out . If only we had a bigger fish to pressure . Someone that might take attention away from Frank . Like whoever hired Frank . That 's a good idea . What 's more important than money ? Lucas , how many people have voted ? 235,000 , give or take . And how many have clicked on the link to our manifesto ? 68 percent of them . The only thing more powerful than money is knowledge . Through this spectacle we 'll wake the public from its complacency and teach them to think for themselves . The revolution starts here . Implement phase 3 . That 's a hell of a lot of our money . No gain ever came without risk . And no profit ever came without costing another man everything . Kiera . Someone just shorted $ 3.5 million of shares in Exotrol stock . Shorted ? What does that mean ? It 's complicated . But basically , they bet against the company being profitable , successful ... Is that legal ? Strangely , yes . Oh . Can you track the origin of the trade ? Triangulating now . It 's a floating hotspot but based on data towers I should be able to ... Got it ! Feed me the coordinates . Wait a minute ... You just going to stand up and announce to the room that you know where the bad guys are ? It 's one thing to have instincts , it 's another to have a crystal ball . Betty 's trying to crack the source of the gang 's web-site feed . I can jack her source route and link it so she comes up with the answer . Great . Alec ? That was the sound of me crying inside for letting someone else take credit for my work . Never mind . Continue . No , No ! Son of a ... Edouard , you better get in here ! Gotcha ! I got a hit ! East Side , warehouse district . I 've got an address . Well done ! Feed everything to tactical , call in E.R.T. , send everything we 've got to that address . { SIREN WAILING } Use extreme caution . The hostage 's safety is priority one . Move in . Everybody stay back , she 's rigged . Get me the hell off this chair . Ms. Sherman , stay calm . We have three minutes . We got a bomb . How long for the disposal team ? En route , 15 minutes away . They won 't get here in time . We 've got to do this . Help me , please help me . I admire your dedication but are you friggin ' nuts ? Keira , I would listen to him . I don 't know anything about bomb making . Trust me , I 've seen something like this before . I can do it . Cordon off a one block perimeter . I can do this , I can do this . Okay . There 's incredible amount of information on the web about bomb making - Most of it poorly written . - That does not help . Right . Okay , here we go . Any bomb on a timer likely has a battery or a power source to trigger it . Do you see any ? Do you see what I 'm looking at ? Yes . Yeah . I wouldn 't mess with it . { SIREN WAILING } Oh God ! No ! The truth will set her free . I think my heart just skipped a beat . What truth Ms. Sherman ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . I think you do . I think your kidnappers did too . Kiera ? The bomb ? Hearts and minds , far more effective than bombs and guns . What ? Help me ! I can 't defuse the bomb . There 's not enough time . You have one minute . So if there 's something you would like to get off your chest I suggest you do it now . What are you doing ? Tell them . Tell them all . Or you die and they win . Kiera , we have to go ! We have less than a minute . The pension funds . What about them ? We made it look like the stock market collapse gutted them . Truth is the board and I had been tapping in to them for years . Yes , I was stealing from my own employees . We have to go now ! The bomb won 't blow up now . I do trust your instincts but there 's a line . It won 't blow . This is all about optics . They won 't kill her now . They lose all the traction they just gained with the public . Isn 't that right ? I 'll have to call you back . You 're a busy guy . Someone has to run things during this crisis . Crisis . Opportunity . Tomato . Tomahto . Frank gave you up , Terence . Told us the whole plan . How you got him to arrange the kidnapping in exchange for stock options . If Sherman confessed to all the dirty dealings , the insider trading then , live or die , she 'd be out of the way and you could take over Exotrol . Your own little corporate coup d 'etat . I want to talk to my lawyer . That is a good idea because maybe he can explain why a certain holding company in the Cayman Islands sold off 300,000 shares of Exotrol stock the day before the riot and Sherman 's abduction . See , right now you 're only facing kidnapping , extortion and conspiracy charges but if any thing should happen to Ms. Sherman ... What went wrong with your plan ? I am not a murderer . Frank 's anarchist friends said he had associates , who , for a price , could take care of the kidnap and ransom . Once they killed the security team , then I knew . They had their own agenda all along . You told my dad about me being at the riot . You sold me out . You 're getting involved with the wrong kinds of people ... Screw you . You sit in your own little world thinking you 're so smart . I 'm the one who 's waking up . I 'm the one seeing the truth . About him . About you . Julian , listen . No , I 'm done listening . You hear me ? I 'm done with you , from this moment on . Just stay the hell away from me . You know that $ 3 million in short option futures you asked me to track ? Turned into $ 20 million after Sherman torpedoed her company with her admission . Where 'd the money go ? That 's the part you won 't like . Got transferred offshore faster than you can say untraceable third world money laundering . Your gang profited ... Big time . That exactly what they wanted . Tank a corporation , line their pockets , turn the public to their cause . Seems like they 're changing strategies . When they first showed up , they did all the heavy lifting , now they 're using other people , like Francis Hall ... What 'll you do now ? Wait for them to slip up . There 's something else I didn 't tell you . My step brother Julian . He was at that riot . I didn 't want to tell you . Because I wanted to protect him until I knew what was going on . I 'm sorry . Do I need to be looking at him more closely ? No . I 've got it . Family 's important , Alec , but I need to know anything that 's relevant to my job . You understand ? I understand . It won 't happen again . Good . I gotta go . The things people will do for money . Didn 't hear you come in last night . I wanted to let you sleep . Thanks . You okay ? Elena and I pulled riot detail last night . How bad ? Bad . Not in the way that you are thinking . Rioters were stealing food provisions . And you knew about it ? I heard rumors that Piron was stockpiling to drive up prices . How can the congress let them do that ? They have their reasons I suppose . We are just supposed to trust those reasons . CPS Police is the citizens . Who polices the corporations ? Supposed to police themselves . Apparently they are not doing it . You are starting to sound like one of those Liber8 terrorists . Hey don 't worry , we 'll get them . Kagame played us this time ... It won 't happen again . See ya tomorrow .
