 Some days I wake up , before sleeping second . It all feels like just a bad dream . But it doesn 't take long before reality just as quickly . Hope fades . I wanna wake ... It all started 13 years ago , Day 15 of the plague and Aurodeca was in a total collapse . I still remember it as if it was yesterday . all the terms of continent failed For the first time I was on the street the borders of all ten territories they open . The ten royal leaders were pronounced dead without ten point leader to gover the ten lands who violates panic to continue the world . There wasn 't any hope left The end was near . We were all doomed . Citizens of Aurodeca , the time has come to put an end to this plagueness . Now , destiny itself has arrived on the wind , hating is pain but searching for one who prepared to answer its call I have found syrus to keep this virus in check Even now my team is producing as much Noxe as possible . Cross all ten territories , come to be here tomorrows . This is a begin for you . We 're now one people , united by the horrors of death , ready to be much stronger than ever before . Citizens of Aurodeca . My name is Syrus Primoris . And Il figure you all . A savior , a saint . A blessing from the God above . that 's all we thought 17 yeas later Imagine , free from disease , Noxe , engineered by the new scientists Noxe , the key to the freedom , live with no sickness Imagine , free from disease ... Hold a line to recieve Noxe . Make sure you have your ID cards out . Bleeders , at the front . None of credits . No credits , no Noxe . No ... Its a mistake . Please , please just help me . I have a family . Please ! Just went me down , help me . Check it hard ! Check it hard ! Let go ! I like your jacket . Stop screwing around ! Shut up ! I like it even more before you stole it Bran , go get it ! you keep the jacket i just need what 's in the front right pocket - the memery chip just reaches your hip pocket and give me the chip give me the chip i am willing give you to the court what ? it 's not here . Arm Hideout welcome back ! what 's the latest ? no sighs here be troops weeks we should be safe here in a couple of days And NOXE trials ? back square one when are Cian and Bran back ? All any time now Let 's pray the chip has info welcome for what ? even fit chips both have formula how can we produce enough NOXE make it difference ? Lana Hey Lana look , I didn 't mean to like that Lana i am tired ok , I 'm tired of waking every morning blindly hoping that today is going to be the day the world changs We spent everyday looking for a cure year after year not the season I 'm living look , sometimes I just wish things could be normal There is no such thing as normal hasn 't been for 17 years as long as Syrus is the only one can produce the NOXE , nothing would ever be normal You alright ? I 'm Fine Lana , Lana Stay with me You are ok ! Lana Stay with me Lana Lana , look at me , you are fine you are fine you are ok I 'm sorry I thought it could last But you can 't keep taking chances like that men make the tasks first , that 's the rule want what a meaning if you 're dead ? it 's Cian and Bran Lana , we have a problem Primoris a selective EMP , it 's how they hacked into our videoboards dosen 't look like much , but the secretary are quite advanced and expensive that sort of thing you found just anywhere Horace seems likely should I pay him a visit ? that won 't be necessary Downtown Primoris Eww , Horace this is sweet stuff vary translty 15 % more less supplier How much you making it up ? 16 % 16 % Hey , try leave some of the pink athrough , ah ? oh yeah real sweet stuff We are all ready , does Syrus get you come ? I need to finish counting first why don 't you go ahead and have a seat , relax I 've got room for you right here. mommy To breath , Dysten To be continued
