 - Don 't - What ? I can just feel you about to say it just don 't say it I think we should bail Benny , it 's too late for that - C 'mon Claire , we .. we don 't know what we 're dealing here - I do - No , you don 't ! - Yes , I do ! I really do okay , that thing fell out of the sky into our laps i mean , to me that 's a sign , okay ? What makes you so sure that the sign is pointing in the right direction You make me sure Cause you got it to work Always said that we deserve better , right ? So , i don 't wanna wait for somebody to give us a chance it 's time that we took a chance for ourselves I hope you 're right I am , i 'm always right I 'm always right about you - Okay - Okay Okay Sub by : maXeer Movie Corner ITEM 47 What you 're looking at is Allentown , Pennsylvania five days after the Battle of New York This is a worst case scenario Please tell me why is the one piece of Alien techie failed to capture is now functioning There are four confirmed reports of similar incidence Richmond , Virginia Seven days after the Battle of New York Queensbury , North Carolina Two days after that Charleston , South Carolina the following afternoon Pasadena , Georgia Yesterday morning I had been there it do a great pool park right down the street I don 't think you 're taking this assignment very seriously That 's funny , i was just thinking the same thing about you While you 've been in here gathering video clips I 've been out investigating It turns out a used 28 foot Pearson was taken off the marker in Key West Spoke to the former owner , a couple matching our description paid in cash Boat gets out of Dry Dock in 24 hours so , i 'd like to get a move on I understand , Agent Coulson I 'm sorry , force of habit We all miss him Your orders , Agent Sitwell Retrieve the weapons tech and neutralise ... the two outlaws Thing 's a killer on the wrist feels i 'm getting advanced carpal tunnel or something What ? We did it How much ? Enough Enough enough ? Enough to do whatever we want Now and forever What the hell is that ? Oh , i like that song Can you please ... Yup , okay .. okay , i 'll say something Just stay right there , don 't move , i 'll be right back Hello ? Please stop squirming Claire , it 's the cops Hit the deck , baby Ay , my wrist ... - Benny , Benny are you okay ? - Claire She go a lot cooler Benny ? Benny ? .. do you even khow why we were in the room ? ... yes , i do know what i was doing We 're gonna get arrested Hi , hi .. i 'm so sorry about before i hope i didn 't hurt u .. ? 47 known alien objects hit the ground after the portal closed above Manhattan All dormant , all dead execpt this one This one works just fine Any idea why that is ? Benny got it to work What ? you did - Well i can show you how to do it - show him , show him up - He can show you really really - Totally - He would love to show you - Just anything , but we can 't .. we can 't go to jail - Look at him , he can 't go to jail - Who said anything about jail ? I was sent here to retrieve the weapon and to neutralise you Where the hell have you been ? Report was due 10 hours ago 42,000 $ worth a damage at the motel , you know i 've .. ... gotten fury breathing down my neck .. Hi Agent Blake , i 'd like you to meet Claire Wise and Benjamin Pollack Benjamin here is the latest addition to the SHIELD RD think tech He 's gonna help us reverse engineer some of the alien tech - You ready to get that badge ? - Yess Aaah , hold on a second Sitwell .. Oh , i forgot to mention Claire is your new assistant What I mean , prodigy Ya , that 's ridiculous Impart upon her all the knowledge and skills that have made you the man you are today Well , we don 't even have another chair here Now , that 's ridiculous - Sitwell , Sitwell ... Sitwell ! Hey .. Do you know how to make coffee ? No ! Sub by : maXeer Movie Corner
