 Subs created by : David Coleman . She 's really pissed off . Panic and confusion . I turned around and whoomp . Definitely an impact . Had a heart attack and that was it . I see pools of blood . People were quitting on me left and right . You don 't want to walk through the door . He came behind me , trying to grab my back . They came to watch a boy die . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people .. This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me . The house is angry . But there 's only way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house , has secrets . Aren 't you terrified , being here ? It 's my job to reveal ' em . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist " . But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end .. It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I remain completely separate during our investigations . I gather the facts through research and interviews with key witnesses . After we 're done .. We 'll meet with our clients to disclose our findings to them .. And to each other for the first time . I 'm just about an hour North of New York City in a small town called Carmel . I 'm on my way to meet with a guy named Anthony who works Security at a restaurant called Smalley 's Inn . Anthony 's a tough guy . I can tell just by the way he talks . But he 's so scared about the things that are happening in the restaurant , he 's thinking about quitting . This restaurant contains a lot of photographs and personal items . So I have to be careful to remove or cover anything that could influence Amy 's findings . Once the location is cleared . Amy can begin her walk . I saw .. This female . And I 've seen her before at home . It was her and two men .. Surrounding my bed . And they were trying to kill me . Whether I 'm at home or traveling to a location , the dead know I 'm coming long before I do . So sometimes they 'll appear to me days before my walk . And if they feel threatened , they 'll try and stop me any way they can . She was , like , white and transparent . And she really hates me . She 's here . She seems to cause .. Death . - Anthony . - Hey , Steve . How you doing ? Good to meet you . When we spoke on the phone , you sounded a little concerned . - Yes . - Um , what .. What 's going on here ? A lot of things are happening here . I 've seen apparitions . I 've seen things getting pushed off a table . I have been shoved from behind . - You 're kidding . - Swear to God . I hate to say that I 'm scared , but , yeah . I grew up in the streets of the Bronx , and I had a gun pointed at my head .. But it 's when you can 't see the stuff - that it will drive you crazy . - Yeah . You don 't want to walk through the door to come to work . I know exactly how Anthony feels . I 've been in a few shootouts myself . But I think if I ever actually saw a ghost , it 'd scare the hell outta me . All right , so this is actually hurting your income . Yes . I 've cut my hours down , yes . I need to support my wife and three kids . I can 't afford to lose this job . She cries . Really nasty . She is .. What .. People would call a Banshee . Most people have heard of Banshees from Irish folklore . They 're actually a kind of omen . If you hear one , someone you love will die . If you see one , you are going to die . You all right ? No . She 's happy causing chaos . She really hates .. Living people . It 's really strange . I think she 's here . Where ? Downstairs . This is why I cut .. I cut my hours . - Because of the basement ? - Yeah . All right , can you show me ? All right . Let 's go . Watch your head . Wow . All right . All right . So happened to you down here ? One of the barmaids asked me to get , uh , some ice . Okay . And I came down here . I reached about where the ice machine is .. And a woman that was , very like , proper .. Uh , whispered something in my ear . I turned around , and whoomp .. I got tossed . I mean , God , I 'm a big guy . Yeah . I mean , I got 210 . You gotta be at least 275 , 280 , right ? Easy , easy . It threw me Back here . And , um .. She walked right by me . She doesn 't make eye contact or nothing like that .. Nothing . Like I 'm not even there . Like .. Like she does it every day . Like every .. This .. This is where she belongs to go . Mm . I just felt like that kind of bash-in-the-head thing . Ow . Someone here has caused a great deal of physical pain . And now I can feel it running all across my body . And I have this , like , pain , like , whoa . Ow . ( Bleep ) Definitely an impact . Describe the way the woman looked . She was dressed , like , in the 1800s look .. The big puffy dress .. - Okay . - Nice hat . What color was her hair ? Blondish , and I could see through her . What 'd you do ? I took off like a bat outta hell . Wow . She 's .. Up in everybody 's ( Bleep ) . She 's really pissed off . And she .. Sees an opening and takes advantage of it . It 's like revenge , seek revenge . So what else have you seen down here ? I 've seen , um , a male apparition . And the same ( Bleep ) . I came down here to get some liquor , and I almost struck .. Like , bumped into him . Like , I thought it was a customer . Can you describe the guy to me ? Yes , the hat was half on . Curly white hair , jacket . The ruffles in the shirt . And I 'm .. And I 'm ready to pop him , I 'm ready , you know , to smash this guy , and .. He went that way . I went after him . Nothing . Gone . And now I know this is theirs . I don 't belong down here . - If that happened to me .. - Mm-hmm . I don 't know if I could even come back down in the basement like this . Well , I don 't . And there goes my pay . And there goes putting food on the table . There 's a man in uniform down here . What kind of uniform ? He 's wearing , like , a poufy outfit . With , like , it comes out . The arms come out . Then a rifle with a , uh .. Could cut .. Kill you . Like a knife on the end ? Mm-hmm . But I don 't feel good about it . Because he made me feel uncomfortable when I was walking down the stairs . - Mm-hmm . He feels like maybe the basement 's his area or something . He follows people . He likes to intimidate . It 's all , like , sneak attacks , though , for him . Sneaky in the dark , sneaky behind your back . He gives off panic and confusion . Makes me feel .. Scared . Mm . I just got , like , this really angry male . He makes me feel .. Scared . The vibe he gives off is this panic and confusion . He 's not confused , but he kind of puts that out there . You know what I mean ? Like .. That feeling . Very intimidating . I don 't know what his problem is . And I don 't know why he 's still here .. Or even how he got here . Now I understand there 's a lot of strange things going on in this place . Have you experienced anything ? I 've seen , uh , an apparition at the bar .. A man wearing a suit and a tie . I couldn 't see his face . There used to be some video games next to the bar . When you played the video game , you 'd see another face .. Looking out at you . And you 're just thinking , all right , someone 's looking over my shoulder and seeing what I 'm doing with this video game . And then you 'd take a break , and that person 's not there . And a lot of times when I tell these stories , the hair on my arm .. I just get goosebumps . I can see ' em . Tony , are you concerned that business is hurt by any of these stories ? - It did scare off a lot of customers . - Okay . People have got tugged on their sleeves , pulled on their aprons .. Tapped on the shoulder , stuff like that . Oh , what happened ? I don 't know . He came behind me and was , like .. Trying to grab my back . It feels like this soldier guy .. Or Captain , whatever he is . I don 't know , he 's hiding . - Hmm . - Do you know where he went ? No . This angry soldier doesn 't like me wandering around . He 's already attacked me once , and I 'm concerned he 'll do it again . Hmm . Weird . He 's just .. Hiding . People were quitting on me left and right . A girl was getting ice from the ice machine . She glanced off into the back where the liquor cabinet is .. And noticed a soldier standing there , looking at her . So did she describe what she saw ? A blue uniform with a yellow stripe going down the , uh , side of the pants . So civil war or an .. An .. An older army uniform . Yes . - The girl quit that night . - She did ? - Yeah . - Okay . Did anything like that happen to anybody else that worked for you ? Yeah , I had one waitress , and she got tormented a lot . In what way ? Anything in particular ? Things getting thrown at her . The ice scoop from the ice machine was actually thrown at her . Is she around so I could talk to her ? No , no . She 's no longer with us . She died ? Yeah . She passed , uh , prematurely .. And by accident . So , Tony , Mr. Smalley , I assume , who the restaurant 's named after , is that .. Yeah . He actually purchased the place in 1852 . And how long have you owned this place ? Well , it 's been in the family since , uh , 1965 . It 's clear Anthony and Tony have had their share of experiences here . But I need to talk to someone who wouldn 't be influenced by workplace rumors . So I found a contractor who did some work in the basement . But was too scared to finish the job . - So you were contracted to do work here ? - Yeah . Now what happened while you were on the job ? The first couple of weeks were fine . We got a lot of stuff done . After a few more weeks went on , I noticed that , within two or three hours , I would get sort of a negative feeling .. A sadness feeling , sort of like a depression . I didn 't want to see people and I would get very tired .. Extremely tired , like , as if , I worked a whole day . And .. And this , strangely enough , is , you know , when I would get in the car and leave here , then , you know , within 45 minutes , I 'd begin to feel better . - Had you ever felt like that before ? - No . Are .. Are you starting to feel any of those feelings now while we 're down here ? I do feel a little sensation . I feel tired already . - You do ? - I do . I feel like that soldier guy .. I think he feels like maybe the basement 's his .. His thing . Do you think that he makes himself known to people in the basement ? I think that they might feel him before they see him . I don 't think he really likes to be seen . They got a problem with the lights down here . They would just fizzle out and burn up . - You know that that doesn 't happen . - Yeah , that doesn 't really happen . Now if a regular bulb explodes , when they .. When they normally burn out , they make , like , a flash , - like a camera flash . - Right . These ones would just , like you .. If you had it on a dimmer . We 're talking , like , two or three bulbs a night . - A night ? - A night . Anything else strange ? I did have a pile of lumber on the other side of the room . There was about seventy-five 2x4s on the floor over there . And the first night I started , they were on that side . The next night I came back , all the 2x4s , just as neatly stacked as I had ' em .. Were on the other side here . Like I was disturbing something . Jeff , I gotta ask you , what .. What made you stop working here ? I couldn 't get anything done . I can 't continue to do work at a place where we can 't get anything done . And then , uh , depression . I just wanted to leave and go home . Now would you normally walk off a job ? That 's absolutely not my personality . I 've never walked off a job before . His favorite place is the basement . And he is very protective of it . He doesn 't like anybody down there . And he moves stuff . This soldier believes it 's his job to guard the basement against any intruders . And he 'll do anything to protect that space . His technique is to .. Is to freak people out in the dark . It feels very claustrophobic . Like you can 't see your way out to escape . I don 't really like being in the dark here for some reason . Being in the dark here is uncomfortable . And that 's odd , because I don 't really care about that . It feels like this .. Soldier guy his , uh .. Technique is to .. Is to freak people out in the dark . Tony told me that the original owner of the Inn was a guy named James Smalley . So I 'm headed over to meet with a local historian who knows everything about this guy 's past . As you know , I 'm doing the investigation - on the Smalley 's Inn . - Mm-hmm . I was talking to the owner , and , uh , he said the place was originally owned by James Smalley . James Smalley bought the building in 1852 . And he turned it into an Inn , a Tavern , and a Restaurant . - Okay . - And here 's a picture of James . By all accounts , he was magnanimous . He was , uh , outgoing . People said he would do anything for anyone . He was quite active in the community .. Uh , town supervisor , Sheriff , treasurer , assemblyman . He even recruited soldiers for the civil war . Do we know when he died ? He died in 1867 . Of what was called a sudden morning heart attack . In .. In the building itself . Do we know how old he was when he died ? He was about 54 . One morning , he woke up . Had a heart attack , and that was it . I also get this guy . Um , I don 't know if he worked here or owned the place .. Uh , but he was very much in charge and was here all the time . And he also is more , like .. Residual . The vibe around him was really happy , good , you know , care .. Like , just really awesome . But he died here . He died here . And how did he die ? Oh , I think he had a heart attack . So did James Smalley have a family ? Yes . His first wife was named Harriet , and they had nine children together . Two of them died in infancy . Now do we know what Harriet passed away from ? We don 't know , but she died in 1850 . And then he married Harriet 's sister , Emily . And had an additional six children . So things must have been very crowded in the Inn . Yeah . That 's , what , 15 kids ? Right . Unfortunately , two of James and Emily 's children .. Died very young of diphtheria . Linda , what exactly is diphtheria ? It 's a disease that 's contracted through contaminated food . It affects the respiratory system . Similar to what we would think of with pneumonia .. Very difficult to breathe , affects the nose , the throat . A very painful , slow death for the two children . It 's weird , because I see , like , people living down here . What do you mean ? Like , they all lived down here . Maybe like ten people .. Are sleeping down here . Do you know if they have any relationship to each other ? Yeah . It feels like , uh , maybe one family . Okay . I do see some people who are sick . What kind of sick ? Like flu . Just like a passing .. I think a couple of kids died from it . Again , just getting this , like , loud .. People yelling . This is a long time ago . It is weird , though , because I do see , like , pools of blood . Where ? On the floor . The blood on the floor is , like , an indicator of how many people died here . Linda mentioned James Smalley was very active in The Civil War . That caught my attention because Tony said several people reported seeing an apparition of a soldier in an old-fashioned military uniform . I need to find out exactly what his involvement was . So I 'm off to meet with an elected official who happens to be a war buff . He promised he could fill me in . I 'm doing an investigation at the Smalley 's Inn , and I learned that James Smalley was pretty active during The Civil War . Oh , he was extremely active in The Civil War . He handled the draft rolls , get the young people from the County to enlist . Okay , so his role was to actually get men to go off and fight ? Yes . Did Smalley actually serve in the war ? He was too old to serve in the war . So , Richie , did he serve any other way ? Oh , yes , he did . He , uh , he actually had a mortuary underneath the Inn . Now that was in the basement ? Yes . Soldiers that died of their wounds in hospitals , who were shipped home for burial . Were put up temporarily in his morgue beneath the Inn . Okay . Mm . Someone 's talking about something medical . What do you mean ? Mm .. I 'm seeing tables here .. Like , a long table . There 's a lot of people here , and there 's .. Oh , my God . They 're bringing in these men . People are freaking out , and they 're .. Been injured . And , like , someone 's digging a bullet out of somebody . It 's gross and dirty and disgusting . After meeting with Richie , I wanted to see what other information I could find out about Smalley 's Inn . So I went to the local library to see what I could uncover in their records . Digging through the archives , I came across several articles about a convicted murderer by the name of George Denny . Who was executed at the Courthouse right down the street from Smalley 's Inn . It turns out , there 's a local author who 's actually writing a book about this case . I 've reached out to him , and he tells me , there 's a lot of weird twists and turns to the story . So , Vin , I came across an article , uh , from the 1800s , where this kid , George Denny , got executed . It looks like it was the only one in Carmel 's history . So what were the circumstances of the homicide ? What happened ? In October of 1843 , an 80-year-old man named Abraham Wanzer . Is in his cabin , middle of the woods , and someone calls him out . When he walks outside , he 's shot point-blank in the chest with a shotgun . So they arrest 17-year-old George Denny . Who was virtually a homeless boy . Bring him here , put him in the jail behind the Courthouse . They have a trial in November . Hung jury , let him go . I had read they had a second trial . Yeah , then they do a second trial .. And in the second trial , the jury said .. Hang him . On the day of the execution . 4,000 people .. Came here , here , in front of this Courthouse . All night long , wagons came in and out . And it was like a .. A circus . They came from everywhere to watch a boy die . So they have him on the steps of the Courthouse . Then they put the rope around his neck . They take the boy with the noose around his neck .. Led him down the steps .. In front of Smalley 's Inn . Then they parade him to the back where the gallows are . And they execute him . So , Vin , after his execution , what happens to the body ? There is no grave for this boy . There is no monument of any kind . We 're not even sure what cemetery he might be in . Amy , who would you like to draw ? Well , I would like to draw a woman . She looks like a Banshee . Okay . She 's very , very thin .. Very thin mouth . Her nose is long and pointy . And the hair ? She has long , long white hair . Does she have , um , an expression on her face ? If anything , kind of sad . Is this who you saw ? Yes , it is . Now that our investigation is finished , it 's time for Amy and me to present what we 've discovered to the clients and each other . Now these two tough-looking guys that are sitting in front of you . Have , uh , called us in . Anthony here works Security for the restaurant . - Mm-hmm . - He 's a tough kid , but .. He 's pretty frightened by some of the things that have happened to him here . And he 's actually considering quitting because it 's that frightening for him . Okay . Tony owns the place . He 's been here for a lot of years . But he 's concerned about maybe losing customers because of what 's going on here . With that , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy and , uh , hear about her walk . Well , um , there was something I encountered before the walk . I was at home , and these three dead people showed up . And one of ' em was a female . And she was standing beside my bed . And .. They don 't want me to continue doing what I 'm doing because I 'm , like .. Telling people how to make them go away . I get here , and I do my opening , and she 's there . And she 's , like , you know , hates me and wants me dead and .. So you 're saying she 's here ? Yeah . - Oh , jeez . - And I 'm like , " oh , okay " . She hates all living people . She 's pissed off and really depressed . So she does cry a lot and , like , moans or walls . And she had long hair .. That looked white . And I could see through her .. Which was really weird . Most people think that the dead usually show themselves as transparent . But that 's actually very rare . To me , they usually appear as solid as living people . She was showing herself to me in a very interesting way . You said it was transparent ? Yeah . Have you ever heard of a Banshee ? I 've heard the term . A Banshee is , like .. A Grim Reaper . Usually in , like , Ireland or Scotland . They wander about .. - Yeah . - And they scream and they cry . If somebody sees them .. That person 's gonna die . If somebody hears them , someone close to that person is going to die .. Very soon . Banshee 's don 't intervene and cause a person to die . They just , like , are notifying them . This one is also potentially causing .. Them to die . And she 'll go around the area . It 's not just here . She 's affecting other locations around here . So that 's great . I could take this woman to my house with my kids , right ? Yes , you can . Um , well , actually , I sketched her . Yeah , when Amy does a sketch , I don 't see it . Oh , my God . This is freaking me out . It 's not really like a sketch I 've seen you do before . Well , she was transparent . The woman I saw downstairs .. Was transparent . I could see through her . Her eyes were just all white . You 're almost , like , describing a witch . That 's a scary looking picture . What else did you , uh , see on your walk ? I encountered a .. Big guy who had dark hair , and he was really happy . Um , big smile on his face all the time , really good vibes . And I got that he was an owner of this place . And he had a heart attack . - You saw that ? - Yeah . It sounds like .. One of the original owners , who this place is named after , James Smalley . That 's how people described the guy . Everybody liked him . Here 's a picture of Smalley . He died of what they called .. A sudden morning heart attack . His first wife died . He had nine kids with her . He wound up marrying her sister .. A couple of years later and had another six kids with her . This is his second wife .. Emily . I heard and seen this lady . You saw her ? I saw her downstairs . This is his second wife .. Emily . Oh . I 've heard and seen this lady . You saw her ? I saw her downstairs . She had a hat on . You know , very well-dressed . Beautiful gown like they wore back then . And one of the .. One of the reasons we 're here , he was in the basement .. And he got shoved . As I 'm .. Filling up the ice .. I hear a whisper in my ear . I got flung like I was .. Like I was nothing . Now why 'd you say " oh " when you saw the photo ? Well , I felt , when I saw this photo , that it was her . It looks like her , though . Looking at her , the mouth , the nose , the eyes .. Even the hair parted down the middle , for that matter . I was relieved to see that photo because that was the woman I saw . And living people can never become Banshees . This makes me believe she was just projecting herself as one . In order to scare people away . Now moving forward on the walk , uh , anything else after that ? I saw long tables . Uh , and then I saw three pools of blood . And these men were brought in . They were bloody , messed up . The room was disgusting . I mean , it was dirty , really , really dirty . We were talking about Smalley . The guy was the Sheriff , you know , he was on the City Council . He .. He was also the Coroner . During The Civil War , the basement acted as the morgue . For the soldiers that were getting ready for burial . Oh . What else did you see ? In the , uh , basement .. I see this guy , and he 's , like , a soldier . I 'm walking back up the stairs .. And he pushes me . And what I felt was his hands go inside my back , and then he 's pushing me , pushing me , pushing me , pushing me out . He follows people . He likes to intimidate . It 's all , like , sneak attacks , though , for him . He gives off panic and confusion . Makes me feel .. Scared . He .. He 's really good at that kind of stuff . There was a .. A .. A waitress .. Who saw .. A soldier standing in the back room by that liquor cabinet . She was messed with a lot . The basement area , it 's his territory . You can definitely .. Feel him . Before you have an experience with him . It 's funny , because I interviewed a contractor that was working for Tony . And , uh , who won 't come back here . He 's working in the basement , and the lights would just dim . And just go out four or five times a night . And he 's never seen that before . He had 78 pieces of 2x4 lumber . That were literally moved overnight . From one side .. Of the basement to the other side . He knows how to physically manipulate his surroundings . Moving plates or .. Or chairs or glasses . This person kind of reminds me of him . And I don 't know how I can 't explain that . He was really big , uh , during The Civil War , he recruited guys to fight in the war , but he was too old to serve . Could he be the guy wearing the uniform ? Possibly . I believe the happy man I encountered was residual energy from when he was alive . But in death , he showed himself to me as an angry soldier to protect his property . So , Amy , you didn 't happen to pick up anything on a hanging ? No hanging , no , no . Not at all . Well , there was this guy , Abraham Wanzer . And he was killed by a kid named George Denny . George Denny was convicted and tried of the murder . Right before they hung him , they paraded him right in front of here . There was 4,000 people here to watch this execution . And they dragged him around with the noose around his neck , then they hung him . Why do you think you didn 't know .. You didn 't get the kid that got hung ? So when I walk in , it 's like everybody 's talking , there 's a lot of images .. And so I just try to hone in on .. What I feel is important . You just never know what you 're gonna get . No one sensitive , is ever a hundred percent accurate . And if they are , you better wonder why . Well , Anthony , Tony , the good news is , you 're not crazy . There 's obviously stuff going on here . The question is , is it safe for you to be here ? For that , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy and see what she thinks about how to resolve this . She is your first priority to deal with . Honestly , when I saw the photo , I kinda got a little excited .. Because then I 'm like , well , maybe she 's not a real Banshee . Yeah , well , that 's good , because I 'm actually getting nauseous . But it doesn 't matter if she 's not a real Banshee . Because she .. Is still doing what she 's doing . So the biggest thing .. To take care of in .. Is this person . And it 's not gonna be easy . Be very , very careful . You know , my suggestion is to find a priest . And you need a medium at the same time . The medium is basically going to make contact with .. Her . You know , find out what her issues are , let .. Basically , let her vent . And they 're both gonna ask her to please .. Leave . You also have to get rid of the soldier . The priest is gonna do a blessing . And that 's going to help , with him to leave . He needs to go . This is your time . It 's not theirs . It 's time for them to go . You don 't tolerate this . Well , are you guys gonna listen to Amy 's advice ? Absolutely . What about you ? Are you gonna do the right thing and participate ? Oh , yeah . Okay , good . The transparent woman who attacked me is still extremely dangerous . Anthony and Tony need to follow my advice . Or she could do a lot of damage . Not only to the restaurant , but also to its employees and customers . Subs created by : David Coleman .
