 They say , when you hear the sounds of devils , all else is quiet . My general question to that is : How do you know if what you are hearing is the work of such devious beings ? I would venture to say that most devilish noises occur , when large numbers of men decide to force the hand of mortality upon one another . And I 'd say futher , that on such occasions , there is not just one sound , but many . It is a quiet orchestra of death . It is also possible that the man who wrote that saying might 've just had some broken ears . I have been moved from one wipe out regimen to the next . Witnessing countless moral felonies . I met General McClain in the last summer of the war , peculiar man . Captain Lee Briggs . Sir ? Man of nine lives . Have you any idea of how many divisions have us pinned here ? No sir . Let 's just say , enough to make fate unfavorable . I 've got a job for you Briggs . It 's recently come to my attention that an object of grandest design has been discovered east of the Colorado basin . Given the undeniable truth that we here are on a collision course with destiny . Neither I nor my men will be able to get witness to this object . Someone ought to see it . I reckon it should be you . The sole survivor of the 22nd Connecticut . Even one man alive is homage to the rest . Make regular notes of your journey Briggs . To be given a pass to watch all others go , is perhaps the most troubling thing to one 's being . Sometimes when I wake up , I feel like I 'm still sleeping . I feel like all the colours and shapes of the world have collided , and all I can do is just sit there and watch . I think a person heart as a way of turning off when it can 't find reason . I guess that 's why nature has always had an inspiring presence . Everything follows a purpose . I guess we 're missing something . Why do we struggle to breathe a more righteous breath , when we all end up in the same place ? I 'd like to hope that our history is worth remembering . An imprint of careful design , a feeling of heartfelt purpose . And a sense of hope for something bigger than ourself . And , maybe I 'll wake up . ISS module , 32 Delta , this is Cambridge , do you have a fix on us , over . Copy that , this is 32 Delta , I 've got you . Alpha Bravo , we are linking a satcom . Now , wait for transmissions to follow . Copy that . That is 89 43.23 followed by 32.35.12.67 follow it 21.01 ISS your satcom link is now active . Houston you have line operation . Roger that , thank you Cambridge . How are you up there ? I 'm doing fine , how are you ? We all doing well . We 've been monitoring your vital signs . Very pleased with the results . How are you feeling now that you have been able to settle in ? Good ! Station is in pretty decent shape . The only device that seems really out of whack is the RS7 pomp . It seems to be operating in half pressure . Don 't worry we will add it to the repair sheet . Well for the sake of futur ISS inhabitants I strongly recommand it . Do you receiving the data package ? Yeah , I just started . Houston this thing ain 't opening , do you want to resend it ? No why don 't you give the audio a try ? Alright one moment . [ Audio ] Captaine Lee Miller ! We 've recorded this the other night . My God . [ Audio ] We haven 't been in space in almost 20 years now , right ? [ Audio ] I gotta say I feel so honored and thankful ... I sound terrible . [ Audio ] to be one of the first to be going back after so long . I 'll make sure the guys get the visual for you . [ Audio ] I a little nervous , but ... We have a com link test down here at 23h00 so back to you in the morning . Alright you guys have a good night . Likewise . Houston to Cambridge , out . [ RADIO ] Troops with armored vehicles , machine guns , didn 't feel comfortable going to that area , in the aftermath of the bombing . ISS module this is 23 alpha into Cambridge , how do you read , over ? ISS module this is 23 alpha into Cambridge , how do you read , over ? Copy that , this is ISS . ISS , this is 23 alpha . Can you transmit your orbital bearing numbers ? We are doing a quick line up test . OK Give us 8 packets , we will figure the constant . 8 packets , is a hell of a projection . Yeah , well they want to see if the ISS will stay in orbit without remote positioning . Copy that , did you receive them ? Looks like it , thanks . How are you holding up ? Good ! Good . Well , I don 't want to keep you . 23 Apha out . Godspeed Lee . Godspeed to you too . ISS 32 this is mission controle , Cambridge . Did you receive our data package . Copy that . It 's downloading right now . You guys rezip for the clip of the Late Show . Negatif . I believe the chef will get that to you later . This is a recorded message from your brother . Copy that . Cheers . Hey buddy , I hope everything is going well up there . Thinking about you . But , the important news is you are officially an uncle . You 've got a nephew , and he is beautiful , it 's just incredible . He can 't wait to meet you . I 'm gonna try to send some photos if I can figure out . It 's so complicated to do that with these guys . Anyway , take care of yourself please . I will talk to you soon , bye . Hey Houston , did you picked that up ? Cambridge , have I been crossed over yet ? Cambridge , this is ISS 37 did you guys pick up that radio interference ? That 's a tough one . People need other people . That 's why I really think I 'm a storyteller , I will get into situations where my priority is I shouldn 't stick my nose in , but I do . Because I feel that ... I 've seen a lot , I 've been through a lot . That 's really my opinion , that 's the only way to really communicate in modern races and the people of the world . If I can drop a word here or there or a little tale here or there , that I think might help somebody . I 'd drop it like a bomb . If something like that ever did happen , where everybody stop talking everybody stop telling stories , everybody stop relating . Nobody learns anything . No one does anything ? I probably not even want to think what it would be like . Maybe peaceful as hell . I think it would be a horrible world . MC this is ISS , do you guys have a read on me ? MC this is ISS , do you copy ? This is genius . Make a big radio with English buttons , and then ... write a manual for it in Russian ! Houston this is ISS , do you copy ? Houston ? Cambridge ? Do you copy ? Cambridge this is ISS , do you copy ? Cambridge this is ISS , do you copy ? Hello Lee . Sorry I 'm sending this message as recording , but to be honest , it 's the best I can do right now . So , I kind of dare that I don 't ever tell you this directly , but we had so shit going on down here that I ... I don 't even know where to begin . Even if I wanted to bring you out of orbit , I don 't have the people to do it . Look , we 're gonna need you to sit tight for a while . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . I don 't know what kind of transmission that was , and unless I 'm mistaken we 're nowhere near April . So I 'm gonna need a confirmation of any sort of mission extension from you assholes ! Look , I don 't think it 's funny , and if you guys are doing some type of stress experiments , or isolation test , well then you can stop now because ... because I 'm very isolated and very stressed ! If the line is open enough for me to get a pre recorded message then I know you can hear me and I would appreciate knowing ... What the hell is going on ? Houston ? Cambridge ? This is ISS , do you copy ? When ... that interactivity is suddenly just cut , you 're just left , standing by yourself , in the darkness . I didn 't see that coming , what was that all about ? Where do I go from here ? I think we control our own surrounding ... For the most part , we control our own surrounding , we can decide to go here or there . But once we have established ourself , I think that 's when our environment starts to take a toll on our personality , our habits , the way we think every day . We are social creatures and we need to interact with people . that 's why relationships are so ... important so crucial for existence . Because if you don 't talk to anybody , you don 't interact with anybody , your all sense of reality is pretty warped . Physical diagnostic check ... lots of glass , plastic or metal . I should make a proper introduction since I am the captain . My name is Lee . And you are ? You 're an astronaut . You 're a polaroid I 'm talking to . This place sucks . These guys have definitely won a space trip in orbit . You on the other hand ... well , if I was on your mission we would definitely had some problems . God , I love you smile . How about this , I get you to buy off this joint , get back home , take a shower , put on a suit , we head downtown , East Village great little Italian restaurant . But hell , what I 'm making it up , how about a nice Malibu sunset ? It 's the best ... Malibu sunset . God ... I gotta say I feel so honored and thankful to be ... Who 's idea was it to try to make a shower ? I want a shower . Three seconds on the shot clock ... ball passed into play ... goes to Miller ... he shoots . Roll it . Hey buddy , I hope everything is going well up there OK , where the hell is my fucking video . Fuck ! Why am I funny ? Where are you going ? I 've got to reroute some power . Why ? Because ... The station is broken . Do you think you are broken ? I 'm choosing to entertain you because A my logic slipped a long time ago , and B ... I forgot what B was , but make a pretty good reason in your head it 's probably in mine too . Journal of Captain Lee Briggs . 22nd Connecticut , seventh infantry division . My personal thoughts and findings leading to our discovery . June 4th , 1864 You know , you can plan life , but yet it doesn 't mean it 's gonna happen . You can , plan and plan and ... plan and put something over here , and design something over here and put borders on this and that in life but it doesn 't mean anything . Because you 're not in control . Because nothing is guaranteed , nothing is secured in this world . So , what is the most important thing ? I mean , everybody wants to be loved , and when you actually , feel it , I mean kind of like with your parents it 's kind of one of those things where it 's just is what it is because you grow up into it , but when you actually experience it with someone else outside of that shell . It 's ... very interesting . Very fulfilling . Are you waiting for someone ? Why are you sitting by yourself ? What is your favorite season ? I forgot . There are no seasons ... just time . We found defeat again in Chancellorsville . It 's quite an unsettling feeling , to face one 's nerves this often . To accept death before each call to advance is frightening . Yet it is the only way to move boots made solid by the sound of shelling . I can 't explain all this , what uncertainty does to a man 's soul , but I do know it can drive the mind mad . 17.000 dead in one engagement . The mind is like a closed grave . Some say it was the grace of God that gives us the strength to bear the shaking timbers and falling Earth . Most would agree there was just no where to go . I hate sevens , I hate sevens ! It so a loser . Ok , this is the space station . We are approximately 220 miles from Earth , ok ? You see , the original space station , was what they call L.E.O stands for Low Earth Orbiting . Later , with this new technology , we were able to go a lot further than that . Why do you think we 're here ? Doesn 't that bother you that we are not real ? I don 't know . They assured me that it 's not the shape , but what lies over the ridge 's crest . What ? I 'm looking at it from a different angle . I don 't like the ending either , but I 'm not reading it with my eyes . I 'm reading it through this monitor , so we can make sure that we have missed no details , of your odd tale . How can eyes that have seen so much be brought to life by a simple thing ? It is as if we have some sort of predestined temper of destruction . I have decided I am not looking for one discovery . I am simply hoping that we have a history worth remembering . An imprint of careful design , a feeling of heartfelt purpose . A sense of hope and wellbeing . How can you write a journal this long and not tell us what you found ? Did you die before you had a chance to finish the journal ? I mean , all you had to do was look over the ridge , and write down what you found ? Just , write what you found . You know , leave , but if you leave no one 's gonna be here when they come . They 're not gonna leave us here forever . What would we do with ... all this time ? I know , I know ! Hey , is your mouth dry ? Yeah mine too , mine too . Am I scared ? You gotta be living to be scared . My mane is Lee James Miller son of Courtney and Michael Miller . I lost contact with mission control on July 7th 2039 . I have remained in a perennial orbit for six years . My mission has long since been terminated and my daily routine has been based on stretching my life support systems . I 've observed neither contact nor indication of any awareness of my current condition . It is with great sadness but determined resolution , that I must finally abandoned this post . Systems here , can no longer be depended on and I would rather faced the journey home than a slow , breathless , environment of failing O2 . Well I have no idea what the circumstances are surrounding my abandonment . I would rather rest on Earth , than up here alone . I have come to terms with the fact that some things will forever remain a mystery . To whomever this message reaches , I leave it goodwill toward all . Respectfully ... Captaine Lee James Miller . July 7th 2045 . When you get into a situation where absolutly nothing is in your control , it makes you wonder sometimes . And very often I 've been in those circumstances where all of a sudden , you 're not calling the shots , you 're basically around for the ride . I mean even on a simplistic note , I lost a wheel of a vehicle , of the van . Couple of years ago , taking my son to school . In really pretty heavy traffic . It could have been an absolute disaster , but all of a sudden I 'm driving down the road and the passenger wheel overtakes us . I was along for the ride , there was nothing I could do because I had no brakes , no steering and it was just really fortunate that the van veered off to the right . It could have gone into the incoming traffic , it could have been an all disaster . It 's really rather surprising what flashes through your mind in those few split seconds while this stuff is going on . I mean you think about all sort of strange things . But for people to remember me , or , any , one particular thing , I think it would be for the fact that never give up . Just keep trying , don 't just accept it and say " Yes this is what it is . " Strive for something better . Euh , the space station has been empty for a long time , right ? So when you get there , I mean , is there any housework to do ? I mean is there gonna be like dishes in the sink , you gotta clean up ? No , there is no house chores or dishes in space , thank God . We haven 't been in space in almost 20 years now , right ? How do you feel about that ? I feel so honored to be one of the first to be going back after so long . A little nervous but ... but excited . Now I assumed that the testing and the preparation has been quite extensive . Sorry about this projection , but it the only way we could reach you . I can 't tell you how relieve we are to have you here . Now ... before we got ahead of ourself , we have to tell you something . You are the last one . It 's all gone . We understand how you might feel . Connection is perhaps the most cherished thing any being can have . That 's the thing . That 's why we have been listening . The place you see here is a scrap of sources . A collection of memories and mementos of mankind brief existence . You got to remember the good things , and cherish the memories . And go on on life and don 't stop . You only have to remember that what you have done in your life may change what someone else is doing their life and so therefore , your life continues in their eyes . It 's a good thing we found you . We look forward to meeting you Lee . Detecting live . Verified location . Good evening . Tonight has been a wonderful experiment ... of human contact . A symbiotic relationship between man and machine , and you . The human brain is capable of millions of connections . Each one is a memory , an event . Tonight should not be remembering by one , but by thousands of these relationships . As you leave here tonight , close you eyes and travel back to here , to now . And always remember that this was one moment , you were not alone , and you felt something that thousands of others have felt . And it was ... Love .
