 Subs created by : David Coleman . Someone died , like , right here . She was , like , a teenager . I started seeing the vision of a girl . She has suffered a lot . And she continues to suffer . Do you think this was an accident ? No . How severe were those injuries ? She could 've had significant injuries to her head . ( Bleep ) . I 'm concerned that he might actually hurt somebody . See , he 's getting mad again , and he 's pissed off now . Did you see anything ? No . I just felt it . He threw her down . He killed her . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal ' em . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist " . But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end . It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I work independently of one another . I gather evidence , interview witnesses , and investigate the history of each location . When we 're done , we reveal our findings to the clients and each other . I 'm in Huntington , West Virginia , on my way to meet with a local dentist . He tells me that the activity in his office is so bad , even his employees don 't want to come to work . Worse , now that his patients are starting to see things , he 's afraid he 's gonna lose his business . Before Amy enters a location , I have to clear the area of anything that could influence her findings . I can 't hide the fact that this is a dentist 's office , but by removing the diplomas , personal photos , and artwork .. I can ensure that Amy 's walk is free of any kind of leading information . As I approach this location , dark images begin flashing through my mind . The dead seem restless and are already trying to communicate with me . I .. Have this elderly gentleman with me . He 's , uh , really tall , like , 6 ' 2 " to 6 ' 4 " . He has , like , steely gray hair , and something happened , but I 'm not sure what . Okay . Uh .. Something happened in his office . I did hear , " murder . Murder , murder , murder " . So , Dr. Grimes , when we spoke on the phone , you sounded a little concerned . Uh , what .. What 's going on ? We have a problem here . I 've been in this building for nearly 40 years . Starting out , things were just noises that could be dismissed , but they have been increasing in intensity . I no longer have just sounds . I have visual things going on . In the last year this stuff has really ramped up . It , uh , became more and more apparent that something was going on , something frightening . As far as your employees go , I mean , how are they dealing with it ? Uh , they 're afraid of it . Uh , well , for example , they won 't go upstairs at night . In fact , let me just show you something . I keep a logbook of incidents . It 's not the little ones , uh , they 're too numerous , but .. In this log , you will find , uh .. Entries made by the people who work here and others . I mean , I 've never seen anything like this before . I mean , I know people keep journals , but I never saw a ghost log before . Are you concerned that what 's ever going on here is , uh , is dangerous ? It 's my concern that I could actually frighten my patients away . If this increases , I may be in trouble , uh , as far as my practice is concerned . Quite a few people died here .. At this location . Quite a few people . I don 't feel good about the deaths that happened here . Like , I feel neglect , like , just .. And I hear it . " Neglect " . So , Doc , this doesn 't look like a dentist 's office up here . It used to be a bedroom , uh , in the original residence , and , uh , now it 's just a place for me to come and relax a little . Okay , so what 's going on in here ? This was , uh , originally , uh , a place where I started seeing the .. A vision of a little girl . You mean .. Can you describe her for me ? Yes , I can . As a matter of fact , I 've painted a painting of her several years ago , - and I have it right here , which .. - Oh , this is her ? This is as near as I could come to the way she actually looked . As you can see , she 's very sad . She makes you feel that you .. You 've got to do something for her . One way I 've tried to communicate with her is through this painting . There 's another way , and I can show you that . I have left toys here for her . And I know that she 's in here , because some of these objects have moved . Do you feel like you 're .. Uh , consumed by this whole thing going on in this house ? Well , if you could see her , uh , you would feel as I do . She makes you feel that you .. You 've got to do something for her . And you 're a Father , and , you know , it 's .. It .. It does get to you . I have tried very hard to reach out to her .. Because of the empathy I feel for her . Now have you seen her on this floor ? Uh , yes . In fact , she was standing right there at that door . So what happened here on the stairs ? I was down here , and , uh .. She would just stand there looking at me , and I would get this strange feeling that someone was looking at me , and I would turn around , and there she would be . Mm . I hate the stairwell . I hate it . I don 't know why . Something in that space .. Is not good at all . It 's .. Making me sick to my stomach . I 'm feeling a great deal of pain and negativity coming from the stairwell . I know something horrible happened there .. And I 'm nervous to find out what . Mm . Someone like , died like , right here . It 's a lady . She 's , like , a teenager , and .. And her heart 's pounding . Her heart 's pounding . She 's crying , and she peed herself . So much pain , and , uh , she broke her legs or something . So have you experienced anything else here ? Yes , I have . I was walking through this hallway late one evening , turning things off . Uh , we were ready to leave the office . And from about this height .. A voice came to me , a man 's voice , very deep . And he said , " get out of here " . He , uh , is a huge man . He 's big , and I 've heard him more than seen him . Now you 've actually seen him ? I haven 't seen him so much . I saw a shadow here and a shadow there , but he goes up and down these stairs constantly , it seems . You can hear him stomping , literally . He 's the one that I 'm really concerned about because of his aggression and because of his size , and I 'm concerned that he might actually hurt somebody . So she died , like , right here . This guy is laughing . He 's just laughing . This large , angry man is the same one I saw when I first arrived . I believe he 's this poor girl 's Father . He 's very intimidating , extremely cruel , and sadistic . He 's just laughing and laughing . " She was a useless bitch " . " She ( Bleep ) Wanted all this stuff , the little bitch " . " I didn 't have a use for her any more " . Because he didn 't like her any more . He killed her . Mm . You know , he killed her . He didn 't like her any more , and he didn 't want her around , and she annoyed him , and .. ( Bleep ) ! What the ( Bleep ) ? ! What happened ? Mm . He poked me . He doesn 't want me to really talk about it .. Because he got mad and ran away . So , Carey , I spoke with your Dad , and , uh , he told me what was going on here . Now what about yourself ? Have you experienced anything here ? I have , when I was a child in the waiting room . Uh , there was a young girl , and she was kind of peeking around the corner at me . Okay . What 'd she look like ? Uh , she was young , so I 'd say probably 12 or 13 . I just remember her face and her hair , because she had long hair like I did , and that stood out to me . Long , dark hair . She had her head hung low , and she would swing it back and forth while she looked at me . Did it look like the girl your Dad painted ? Yes . Your Father seems pretty , uh , consumed almost . Are you concerned for him ? I just worry about his reputation . I mean , this is his livelihood . This is everything for him .. - Right . - 40 years ' worth of work . He 's got so much to lose . Absolutely everything . Even though the Doc and his daughter have seen the same apparition . I need to speak with someone who 's outside the family . So I 'm going to meet with a woman who used to work here to see if she 's had similar encounters . Karen , I understand you 're a former employee of the Doctor . That 's correct . Okay , and how long did you work here ? Probably a couple years . Okay . Now he 's explained some bizarre things that he 's experienced here . Now how about yourself ? There 's been some bizarre things happen to me also . Can you tell me about anything ? I was assisting Dr. Grimes in doing a root canal .. And I glanced up . And there was a girl standing right behind where you 're standing . What did she look like to you ? She had long .. Very well-groomed .. Dark hair . She seemed to me to be pretty . I can see her today as well as then . - It 's that vivid in your mind ? - It 's that vivid . - Okay . - I will never forget it . I can see it 's upsetting for you to even be in the building . This room doesn 't bother me as bad .. As the room upstairs . I went up to get a file . And I could feel someone in that room with me . Did you see anything ? No . I just felt it . What happens when you walk into that room ? That room .. I felt like something came over me , like .. Like someone was watching me . What the ( Bleep ) ? The more I 'm here , like , uh .. The more I don 't like this place . Why ? Well .. This guy was not good , and he was a liar . He 's hiding h .. What h .. He looks like . Ever since the big man poked me on the stairs , he 's been hiding . I know he 's watching me , but he doesn 't want to be seen . See , he 's getting mad again . Yeah . - Is he back , hon ? - He 's , like , coming . Coming . Charlotte , I understand that you actually worked for the Doctor ? Yes , I did . Okay . What did you do ? I owned a commercial cleaning business , and I cleaned his offices . Now I was wondering if you , while you were working here , ever experienced anything paranormal . Yes . Yes , I did . I was working in the kitchen , and I heard this crying , and so I come back into this room . And this little girl is not crying .. She 's sobbing .. As if her heart 's broken . What did you do next ? I came in and sit down . Although I didn 't see her .. I heard her , and I wanted to sit down and comfort her . And try to help her in any way I could . And you just sat down and started trying .. - Yes . - To calm her down ? - Right . - But you never saw her ? No . No . Whenever I come up these stairs , I can feel her . I .. I can feel her presence , and I can feel the sadness .. And the heaviness . She has suffered a lot . And she continues to suffer . It 's ( Bleep ) Up . He did , like , not want to .. Really take care of his family . Like , he felt like they were leeches .. And .. And , like , he would , like , starve people . Like I feel like he 's starving people , he 's lying .. He , like , um , is , um .. Just bad . Just a bad person . And , um .. And then the .. There 's .. There 's blood everywhere . So far , all I 've got is a lot of witness testimony , as to what 's going on inside Dr. Grimes office . But I need facts . Going through the library 's archives . I find an article about a 21-year-old girl who died in 1929 . From a fall in the same building the Doc runs his practice at . The Doc told me he keeps seeing a young girl who looks like she 's sad and in pain . Now it turns out , a young girl actually died in his duplex . So I 'm headed off to meet with a local historian , who promises to tell me the rest of the story . I came across this article about a girl named Lavina . That died from a fall in the location I 'm investigating , but it 's very vague . Uh , so I was wondering if you could help me out . She 's sort of a woman of mystery . Uh , what we do know about her , though , says .. Suggests that her story was a very tragic one . Her Mother , uh , Bernice .. Was , uh , married to , uh , this gentleman named , uh , Cyrus . - Okay . - Apparently , uh , he liked to drink . And when he , uh , was drunk , he liked to , uh , beat on his wife . And then , of course , the next day , he sobered up and was very contrite . In 1913 , Lavina , her elder sister , and her Mother left . And moved into the duplex on 20th street . - In Huntington . - Okay . Where Dr. Grimes ' office is now ? Exactly . We don 't know if the Father ever came back and .. Or tried to find them or .. We don 't .. We don 't know . Okay , but he was a miserable bastard , this guy , apparently . And they , they had to get away from him . That 's what the record , uh , suggests . I feel like there 's .. People . They 're arguing . There 's a male , and he 's a liar .. And there 's the two ladies , and .. And , uh , he .. Wha .. He 's chasing .. Like , he 's following them . And .. Uh .. He 's doing things . As I walk through this house , I keep seeing the dead girl 's Father by the stairwell . He 's very upset , and he 's taking his aggression out on his family . His wife .. Ran away because he 's coming in , and he 's pissed off now . This is happening right now ? Yeah . Uh , it says she died from a fall . Um , but the articles are vague , and they just .. The articles are , uh , not just vague . They 're contradictory . Right . I have here , uh , her death certificate . Which actually says that she died .. From acute alcohol poisoning . But the paper says she 's .. She fell , so .. Well , who .. Who do you thinks right ? I have no idea . This is during prohibition . West Virginia went dry in 1914 . But nobody stopped drinking . One word .. " Moonshine " . Ah . And what prohibition did was create an entirely new market for the moonshiners . Okay . - But moon shining is an art . - Right . If you don 't do it right , you can kill your customers . So it .. All possibility is she could 've gotten a hold of some bad liquor . Exactly . So the death certificate says one thing , and the newspaper articles say another . One article , uh , says that she died after an illness of ten days . As the result of a fall . Okay . Her legs are messed up , like , so there 's nerves .. There was a pain here . A really bad pain here , like a crunch . And this guy is laughing . He 's just laughing . Do you think this was an accident ? No . He 's happy about it . I think .. He threw her down . This is so ( Bleep ) . I think he tossed her over . Something about this case does not sit right with me . The newspaper article states that Lavina died from a fall . But the death certificate lists another cause of death . So what I did was send all the paperwork over to one of the top paramedics in the County to see if he can make any sense of it for me . So , Steve , I 'm sure with your experience , uh , you 've responded to thousands of people falling . Now the pain she must 've been in - if it was a fall .. - Right . Uh , how severe were those injuries , uh , that she died from ? If she was climbing the stairs and she fell 10 or 12 stairs , which would 've been her height or two times her height , you know she could 've had significant injuries , significant injuries to her head , bruises on the brain , bleeding that starts to spread . As that bleeding starts to spread , they 're gonna have severe headache . After severe headache , they 're gonna have blurry vision , and after blurry vision , you know , ultimately , altered mental status , and then unconsciousness . He , like , threw her down . He was like , " it 's like .. She 's all broken . ( Bleep ) " . And then .. There was a pain here . A really bad pain here , like a crunch . Yeah . Oh , that .. ( Bleep ) . I don 't know . Maybe she broke her back . It 's not good at all . It 's really bad . The death certificate lists alcohol poisoning as the cause of death . Now it 's 1929 , so this is prohibition . Right . The federal government was still producing .. Uh , alcohol for medicinal purposes . Now would a civilian be able to get that ? What they tried to do was they tried to take that medicinal alcohol .. And they would put small traces of poison in that alcohol . To prevent people from using it as a recreational , uh , drink . And just for the purposes that it was produced . Okay , so that .. That was their way of trying to curb them from using it . Exactly . So , Steve , if she started to ingest this poison liquor , uh , would it taste like alcohol ? Would it .. What would happen ? As she ingested this , it 's gonna cause severe burning in her upper airway . As she swallows it , it 's gonna cause burning going down her esophagus down into her stomach . And it 's gonna aggravate her stomach lining . Would moonshine cause that same type of symptom ? Yes . When they filtered these homemade spirits , they were filtered through radiators , and eventually lead poisoning , uh , could 've been a possibility . The daughter that died on the stairs .. There was a sickness with the throat . Uh , like , um .. Really bad illness that affected .. Uh , the throat . Like a .. Really bad . It 's , uh , really this intense pain . Going all the way down . Can you describe the pain in their throat ? It 's like if you 've eaten a lot of lemons . And then you get the pain in your ears . And it 's all raw and burning .. Like that . The death certificate says one thing . The newspaper articles say another . I 'm up in the air on what I think might have happened . So I wanted to get your opinion and what you thought about both the reports . By looking at the newspaper accounts , reviewing her death certificate .. It looks like Miss Wall either was drinking .. Went to climb the steps , fell down the steps , suffered some type of head injury or internal bleeding . Or she had fallen . And after she had fallen , she may have been trying to , uh , lessen that pain .. Numb those nerve receptors herself . By using , whether it be illegal or legal spirits . Okay , but the cure could 've been worse than the illness . - Yes . - Okay . During my walk , I encountered an older man and the daughter I think he brutally murdered . I 'm meeting with a sketch artist to reveal what I saw . He 's approximately 60 to 65 . If you could describe him in , like , a couple words .. " Cowboy " . He has a very rugged .. Uh , thick skin . Because he used to do a lot of work outside . Does he carry a lot of .. Any weight in his face ? - No . - Okay . Mm-mm . He 's broad-shouldered . His hair is very thick . It 's wavy . - It 's a nice silver gray . - Okay . Amy , is this who you saw ? Yes . Now that our investigations are complete . We 're hoping our findings will help Dr. Grimes save his practice . I 've invited Karen to join us because I feel she needs answers to her own terrifying experiences . Dr. Grimes is .. The owner of the duplex . It 's his dentist office . Karen actually used to work for Dr. Grimes . The reason we are here and why he called us in is , uh .. He 's had activity there for the entire time . But recently it 's really increased . He thinks he may be losing patients because of some of the things that are going on there . And he needs to know what 's happening . With that , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy . And she can start telling us about her walk . This is really bad . Really bad . So I started going up one the staircases .. And I saw this .. Girl laying there . And she was dead . She was , like , twisted . Her legs are not right . One was bent awkwardly at the knee . Mm . She was in absolute agony . All of her nerves in her legs were , like , on fire . And I got this intense throat pain . There was a sickness with the throat . Uh , really this intense pain 's going all the way down . And it 's all raw and burning . There was a young girl that did die .. Back in 1929 . Her name was Lavina Wall . But the cause of her death is unclear . Newspapers articles say she died from a fall . - Oh , my gosh . Really ? - A fall ? The death certificate , which I have here , says she died from acute liquor poisoning . What ? It was the prohibition , so it was medicinal liquor . Um , but some of the liquors had poison in it . He said if that happened , if she drank it , she would 've .. Choking and burning sensation in the throat . Windpipe would close . Well , she died an agonizing death . She lasted a few days . Ohh . You know , you 've had an instance where you 've seen a young girl . I would get a strange feeling that someone was watching me . Mm-hmm . And I would turn and look at the .. The doorway at the top of the stairwell . And just for a split instant .. I would see a flash of a little girl . I could see pain in her eyes . And a longing for someone to understand that pain . Mm-hmm . It .. It 's hard to describe that , but it .. It was a .. A , um , a moment of change . From absolute terror .. Mm-hmm . To feeling that you wanna help someone . I did do a sketch of the scene . That I saw on the staircase . Oh , my God . Now you 're very protective of this .. - Little entity that you see . - I am . Now how do you feel about that , seeing her like that ? Well , it 's like seeing one of your children hurt . Really hurt . Did you get to see her face or anything ? I did not . I only got a quick glimpse of her face . So I didn 't feel confident enough to sketch it . But I got a very strong sense of everything else about her . The unfortunate part about this girl is .. I couldn 't find a photo of her anywhere . But the good Doctor here is quite a painter . He actually painted a picture of her . Which I have . Everybody else has seen it but you . Oh , wow . - So you think it 's her ? - Without a doubt . Dr. Grimes , can you do me a favor and explain to Amy .. How you 're trying to communicate with this little girl ? There 's a closet in the room at the top of the stairs .. And I , over the years , have put toys in there . To let her know that there are people who care . I don 't know if I 'm doing the they 're thing or not . Is that a good thing or a bad thing he 's doing ? Really bad . What can happen is that .. A lot of times , um , we become a little too attached . That attachment can actually be something else that kind of holds them here . Oh . What else did you see ? Um , I also encountered .. A really negative male . At the top of the stairs .. Who I believe is her Father . And he really hated his family . This guy is laughing . He 's just laughing and laughing . " She was a useless bitch " . " She ( Bleep ) Wanted all this stuff " . " And I didn 't have any use for her any more " . Why don 't you explain to Amy what you told me , about .. What 's going on upstairs ? In the stairwell .. I have heard a man really putting his feet down hard . Like he 's stomping . And I get the impression he 's a rather large man . He came up behind me one evening as I was turning off the lights and everything in the house . He simply said , " get out of here " . I would get so afraid that I would just have to leave . He 's aggressive . He seems to be angry about something . He 's very violent . - Violent ? - Yes . He is a very violent personality . When I was talking about what happened to her .. He became extremely upset . And then he came up behind me and he .. Poked me really hard right here . And then he ran away . ( Bleep ) ! What the ( Bleep ) ? ! What happened ? He poked me . Because he got mad and ran away . Now , Karen , you .. You .. You 're .. You got emotional again . I was upstairs .. And I was hit with something .. That I was so cold it affected my whole body . My knees were shaking . It was bad . Very bad . Very frightening . There 's a back story to Lavina . The girl that died in the duplex . Her , her Mother , and her older sister .. Fled Ohio from their abusive , drunk Father . His name was Cyrus . And just by looking at the photo of him , you can see he 's a real miserable guy . Wow . He was abusive . He was a drunk . He beat his wife . But then the next day , he would be apologetic about it . Whoa . Okay . Um , so I did a sketch . That I think might be him . You think ? You guys can tell me . Wow . Look at this photo . Now look at this sketch . You tell me . So I did a sketch . That I think might be him . Wow . Look at this photo . Now look at this sketch . You tell me . The same .. Cruel mouth . The same boxer-like nose . And ears . Yeah , the long ears . - She has him . - Mm-hmm . I would say that 's him . I can feel it . It 's weird . I 'm just , like , freaked out a little bit . What would bring him to the house ? I think .. He , uh , killed her . He was at the top of the stairs , picked her up , and threw her . Oh , my God . One of the things that I did get , um , was that he did attempt to make it look like an accident . My gut and my investigative background .. I wouldn 't doubt that this guy was capable of doing what he did . I don 't know might possess a man to come looking for his daughter and kill her in cold blood . But as a former Detective , I 've seen this plenty of times before . You said that you heard him laughing , uh , about this .. The .. The fact that he knew what he had done ? Oh , yeah . He was very proud of himself . Well , I 'll be . I never even .. Dreamt of that . This evil man continues to haunt this location .. Because he wants to keep the events surrounding his daughter 's death unknown . Well , Doctor , now we 're gonna answer your most pressing question .. Is it safe for you here ? And is there a way to stop some of these spirits scaring away your patients ? For that , I 'm gonna turn it over to Amy . The first thing that I would recommend is getting rid of her Father . He needs to be removed from the location . I have some things that I brought that I felt would be good for getting him out . This is a blend of natural herbs . Something that you burn and you can walk through the house with it . It 's for home blessing and protection . And then we have some holy water . He 's not gonna like this at all . This is going to make him very uncomfortable . And then the last thing we have is black salt . That 's going to keep him out . And you wanna do this once every day for a week . So he knows that he 's not allowed back in that house . After you deal with him . The next step is going to be connecting with her . Having a talk with her , and letting her know .. That it 's okay for her to go . It may take several months . Because you guys are so attached to each other , to work through it . And you may see a lot of changes with her . And they 'll be positive changes as she 's getting ready to .. To leave . So does he just tell her , " you should go , move on " ? Or what does he .. What does he tell her ? Well , it 's kind of like sitting down and being like .. " You know , we .. We know the truth . We know what happened to you " . Because it really validates them . To be acknowledged and have their stories heard . That 's one of the most important things for the dead . Karen , h .. How does all this information make you feel ? I mean , do you feel validated ? Yes . I think .. I think we 've got some closure now . Okay . Doc , are you gonna be able to let her go ? Because you 're .. You 're really , like , almost a fatherly figure right now with her . I have to . It 's .. It 's for her . It 's for her . It 's not me . It 's her . I 'll miss her , but I certainly wouldn 't miss him for one split second . No not at all . Even though it may look bizarre to you .. It looks bizarre to me .. Just promise me you 'll take her advice . I will . I really hope that Dr. Grimes follows through .. And cleanses the house of the angry Father . Even if it means letting go of the little girl he 's grown so attached to . Subs created by : David Coleman .
