 Subs created by : David Coleman . - Tonight .. - Stop it . On " Dead Files Revisited " .. A second look at some of Amy and Steve 's most terrifying cases .. Ooh , look . - New information .. - It was horrifying to hear . Startling revelations . I was afraid of what she was gonna find . - First .. - Stop it . A return to Wichita , Kansas , where a woman 's violent encounters .. The veins all started popping out . Left her family fearing for their lives . It 's weird . And Amy sensed the house wasn 't the problem . If this thing gets in , you 'll lose your mind . Then .. We travel back to Santaquin , Utah .. Apparitions here follow us home . Where a family Restaurant held an awful secret .. They 're all dead together . And horror lurked in the shadows . - I couldn 't hardly even look at it . - Oh , my God . It 's like a little pit of hell . Did they follow Amy 's advice ? If Amy told you you better not stay here , you gotta get out , what would you do ? There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal ' em . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist " . But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end . It 's bad . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Our investigation in Wichita was one I 'll never forget . Our client Kristen sent me a video that was really intense . Look . Ewe ! I 've never seen this before . I can 't stop it . It 's gone crazy . That video ? Bizarre stuff . But I was about to find out that was probably the most normal part of the whole investigation . Kristen , you called me and Amy in . What 's going on , and how can we help ? I 'm really scared . I feel things . And I feel it 's connected to me for some reason . There 's something here that messes with my emotions . I called for Steve and Amy 's help because this is a very sensitive subject . Unless you 've experienced it yourself , it 's very hard to understand . I .. I hear things . I 'll hear bumps against the wall , and there 's nobody here . People see ghosts all the time . But when Kristen said she was physically grabbed , I got concerned . I was sitting here in the dining room . I had my back to the wall . And all of a sudden , it felt like something grabbed my arm and jerked it backwards . Okay , the window 's there . Did somebody .. Could 've put their hand through the window from the outside ? A shut window with the glass and a screen ? No . Have you thought about just selling the house and leaving ? That wouldn 't work . Why do you say that ? Because it would go with me wherever I go . That moment right there was when I knew there was a lot more to the story than what Kristen was telling me . Before I even opened the front door , I could already sense that something was attracting the dead . And all of a sudden , I knew why . There is a major sensitive who lives here . Like , really , really strong abilities . I run across this a lot . People with abilities can bring in outside elements . Some can be very dangerous . I see , like , random dead people walking up the stairs outside , walking in and walking through the kitchen .. Walking up to here .. With so many dead walking through this house , what I didn 't realize then was just how dangerous a couple of those entities really were . Kristen , you sent me a pretty intense video . Oh , here it goes . Here it goes . It 's getting me . What was going on ? My hands and my feet , the veins all started popping out . It 's going down my thumb . This is new . - Were you in pain ? - Yes . It 's getting me . I didn 't know what was happening in this video .. But I was pretty sure she hadn 't faked it . About three minutes into my walk I got approached by an old man . At first he seemed like a gentle old guy , like someone 's grandpa . I 'm getting , like , a Herb . Herbie ? But then he started showing me his darker side . This is his house . He is asking if we could remove the people from the home . He wants us to leave . And then he attacked me in a way I 've never experienced before . Stop it . He knows how to physically manipulate the human body . It 's like .. You know ? Like .. And then .. But you feel it up your spinal cord like electricity , like .. I woke up the next day incredibly sore . It 's weird . Jeez , what the ( Bleep ) , man ? This is weird . As dangerous as Herb was . He was harmless compared to what else was trying to get into that house . One of the first things I do in any case is look for corroborating witnesses . Kristen 's boyfriend Jason was the one who shot the video . It 's getting me . What is that ? I .. I felt like something was trying to take over . Look . Ewe ! There was a sense of helplessness there , because this was something that we didn 't understand . And so we felt that Steve could help answer questions for us by finding the facts . I took Jason outside to get him to relax and open up . That 's when he told me what Kristen did . What .. What 's going on with the grand kids ? Kris 's granddaughter really talks about one dream over and over again and comes to tears . What was the dream ? The way she described it to us was , that her little brother was cornered . And these monstrous little characters were hurting him . Did she say what they looked like ? Yeah . She actually drew what she saw in her dreams . A sketch ? That 's usually Amy 's thing . So there 's this thing on the roof . It 's , uh , long .. Long , skinny , like , uh .. Some kind of bug-looking thing . I vividly remember this thing having a wide mouth with jagged teeth . It just , like , scuttles .. On the roof .. Like that . All I knew was it was some kind of parasite that could make people do bad things . There 's someone in here that it wants to be attached to . Coming up next , Steve 's investigation takes a violent turn .. He shoots him . Exposing a key piece of evidence . And in our second investigation .. I was afraid of what she was gonna find . A return to a paranormal deathtrap . He doesn 't care if he kills . He doesn 't care . Who took Amy 's advice , and who 's paying the price ? Oh , my God . Amy and I investigated a home in Wichita , Kansas . Our client Kristen felt something was attacking her and her family .. I feel it 's connected to me for some reason . And she had video to prove it . Look . Ewe . I 've never seen this before . I can 't stop it . I had already checked out the property records and didn 't find much . Just a former owner who died of natural causes . But I did learn that the house sits on the edge of the historic Delano district . Back in the 1800s , it was a lawless area . As an investigator , I thought that 's worth looking into . Well , Delano was pretty much what you would consider the red light district . What I wanted to find out was were there any deaths in or around Kristen 's house . There was a .. A horrendous gun battle there in Delano . Uh , there were two gentlemen .. One by the name of " Rowdy " Joe Lowe . And his competitor " Red " Beard . They had dance halls that were right beside each other . The season hadn 't been going very well for Red Beard . The money wasn 't as good . I think he just was out-and-out jealous . And Red Beard sees Joe in the other building .. And he pulls out his gun and he shoots him . So in the middle of the gun battle , a couple of folks were shot , one of which was a prostitute .. Annie Franklin , shot in the midsection . So she 's an innocent bystander , and she takes one to the stomach . Pretty much . Pretty much . There 's a woman . I saw her . She 's laying . And all this is open , like .. You know , blood and tissue and .. Ow ! I was feeling intense pain . I could tell she was in her death state , replaying her murder over and over . There 's blood , and I see a black gun . This girl , she died in the neighborhood .. And it was a big deal . At this point , I was feeling pretty frustrated with my investigation . All I 'd come up with was a homeowner who died of natural causes and the murder of a prostitute . I went back to the library to make sure I hadn 't missed anything . Turns out there was a lot more . A massive fire broke out just down the street from Kristen 's house . What can you tell me about the victims ? There was two elderly couples . And then a young lady , 20 years old , that worked there . She was taking care of the children . She was gonna get married in the spring . She had been working on her wedding dress . And , uh , when the fire came , she got all the children in her care out of the building . And then thinking that the fire would be extinguished , she pushed past the firefighter , went back in to get her wedding dress , and she perished . Oh , jeez . I suddenly felt like I couldn 't breathe . Something sucked all the oxygen out of the room . A wave of heat washed over me . What are you feeling right now ? Fire . The hallway was burned , and the lady was burned . I encountered a lot of dead in Kristen 's house . But I had to sketch the man who attacked me . He has a long .. Oval face . It wasn 't difficult to remember what he looked like . In fact , it was hard to get him out of my mind . Is this the man that you remember seeing ? Yes . That 's him . Next .. What or who is summoning the dead to this home ? Who is he and what the hell is he doing here ? And for the first time .. The final outcome of the Wichita investigation . I banish from this room evil in my life . I 've gotta tell ya , I 've done a lot of reveals , but this one was one of the most intense I 've ever sat through . Kristen , Jason , this is my partner Amy . This was the first time that I met Amy . And I was feeling like I was about to explode . Not knowing how it might affect my life was devastating . Amy , maybe you could tell us about your walk a little . I encountered a dead girl . Up until that moment , I didn 't think my research was very useful . None of the deaths I found were directly tied to Kristen 's house . But then Amy started making sense out of all of it . There was a fire . I saw the hallway burned . And there was a woman who was burned . A couple blocks from here , there was a Masonic home , that was a home for retired Masons and orphans . Late December , back in 1916 , about 2 : 00 in the morning , a fire breaks out . I get a lot of satisfaction when I see the expressions on the clients ' faces when Amy gets it . She hit on the fire , the one that burned the Masonic home nearby . And then I encountered Herb . Who got very physical with me . What do you mean he got physical with you ? What .. W .. How ? He 's learned how to manipulate the human body . I felt really angry .. That he was doing that to her . But it was also validating to finally hear it from someone who experiences the same things . Kristen , tell her what happened . I was feeding my grandson in the high chair , and all of a sudden , my arm was grabbed and jerked backwards . Amy , is the guy Herb , who you say is causing Kristen all these problems here , is that the guy you sketched ? I 've got to admit , I was looking forward to identifying the dead man who attacked me . Especially now that I knew he was attacking other people in the house . He doesn 't look so nice to me . When I saw that sketch , it was very emotional . I wanted to do whatever it took to get rid of him . He was attracted to this house .. Because there is someone , residing in this house who is .. Very open . From the moment we sat down for the reveal , I had a pretty good idea Kristen was a sensitive . Now I was sure she was the one attracting the dead to her house . I mean , you 're open . You 're a sensitive . When Amy said I was a sensitive , it was very frightening . I was unknowingly playing with fire , and didn 't even realize what I was doing . As sensitives , the dead will form relationships with us . Because we 're still alive .. And we can hear and see and feel them . And they don 't want to leave . Mm-hmm . I had just told Kristen some really shocking news , and I was about to tell her something a lot worse . That creature on the roof was still trying to get in the house . To me , it looked like a huge bug . And this thing attached itself to you . Let me ask you about this thing on the roof . If they decide to do nothing , what can go wrong here ? If this thing gets in , you 'll probably lose your mind . Amy 's made it very clear how dangerous it is . The big question is , can you do something to make you and your family safe ? You have a lot of dead people that are just roaming around . You need to tell them to leave and then seal your property . And then when you 're good .. You can open up for business , so to speak . In the meantime , are the kids safe ? As soon as you lock down the house , yeah . Hopefully , now Amy at least gave you some answers . Uh , what you do with it is up to you . But my suggestion is listen to what she says . Amy told us that we needed to seal the house by doing a house cleansing . That involved Sage and salt . We started at one end of the house and ended up at the other , sealed it completely inside and out . Okay , evil in this room , time to go . I decided to involve everyone in the family . Including the grandchildren . I wanted them to get a sense of empowerment and safety when they 're here . I really want to protect the kids . And that 's why we 're taking these further steps . We 're gonna do what it takes to win this . Since the investigation , I no longer feel vulnerable . Mommy , I want to tell you something . But until I 'm completely in control of the house , my grand kids have moved out with my daughter . So they can go be healthy and happy and not have to deal with anything here . I want them to be kids again . I 'm happy to hear Kristen is following my advice . The temptation to connect with the dead will always be there . As long as she stays closed , her family will be safe . I banish from this room , in the name of the Holy Spirit , all negative forces that have caused evil in my life . I 've been an investigator for over 20 years . But our case in Santaquin , Utah , had some of the most bizarre twists and turns I 'd ever seen . I had been contacted by a woman named Leslie , who owned a little diner called Leslie 's Family Tree Restaurant . The place had been passed down to her from her Mother . But Leslie told me lately some really weird things were happening . More than usual . Leslie , you sounded very worried when we spoke . I have been . Lately , we 've been doing quite a bit of remodeling and different things up here , and the activity has just gotten more and more . I called Steve and Amy because we 've had this problem for 30 years with different things happening up here . I needed validation , to let me know that .. Everything that I have seen is happening here . We have a lot of really weird electrical problems going on . We have appliances that will turn on and off . We have clocks that run backwards . And sometimes the power in the whole building will go out for no reason . According to Leslie , this stuff had been going on for years , but she never did anything about it . That was odd to me . What 's so urgent now that you need our help ? Well , I possibly could be getting ready to retire , and I 'm worried about my daughter working here , and even maybe her children , in the long run . I 'm very concerned about their safety . From the moment I walked in , there was something about this place that felt so wrong . Walking into that Restaurant , I felt a flood of raw energy just hit me . Then I met a really angry dead man . Who just hated that Restaurant . I 'm seeing this guy . This person is really .. Unhappy about this structure . He 's pretty good with things that are .. Electrical . Entities who can interfere with electricity are always dangerous , because they can start fires and make it look like an accident . He 's saying , like .. " How many times does something " " have to happen before people frickin ' , like , get it ? " He 's , uh , got issues . Next , terror lurks in the basement . They 're all dead together . And what happened after Steve and Amy left ? I was afraid of what she was gonna find . You want this thing to stop ? You gotta listen to Amy . On " Dead Files Revisited " .. That was kinda creepy . Leslie walked me into a room in the back of the Restaurant , and it felt like going back in time . It looked like no one had stepped foot in this place for over 100 years . Back in here was the dance floor . About six years ago , we started renovating this , and it 's gotten very , very active . We hear kids back here playing , laughing all the time . In fact , I 've even seen a young man back here . - Really ? - Yep . Only lasted for a couple of seconds , but I did see the profile . There 's some kids even . Communicating with the dead is always a physically draining experience , but interacting with dead children is especially hard for me personally . Because if I allow myself to get emotional , it can influence how I perceive what 's going on . Are you interacting with them , or just observing them ? They 're staring at me , and I 'm staring at them . I think they 're getting orders . These kids were so young that they never got a chance to speak for themselves . And now in death , someone was making sure it stayed that way . I don 't know who this guy Henry .. - What ? - To .. That they 're not allowed to talk , like , they 're not allowed to hang out . Because he 's pissed off . He is very pissed off . I knew it was important to interview someone outside Leslie 's family . But I never expected that I 'd talk to someone who would actually ID a dead guy .. A guy who might be connected to all this craziness . I saw an old man sitting at a .. That table right over there . But I thought it was an honest to goodness person sitting there , so I went through the doors , and as soon as I could see again , he was gone . One of our tasks is to dust the pictures . I 'm sure it 's that picture right there .. I saw that guy . I know it 's him . Little did I know , that guy would end up being more than just an old man sitting at a table . He used to come here when he was alive , a lot . There were so many angry entities in that Restaurant , but they all refused to speak with me . I could tell I wasn 't welcome . I think he thinks , like , we 're gonna kick him out . Like , he 's saying .. " This is mine , get out " . " Or I 'm gonna screw your world and life up " . Like , he doesn 't care if he hurts somebody , he doesn 't care if he kills ' em , he doesn 't care . I gotta get away from this guy . He is full of anger . One of my abilities is something called psychometry . So I can touch objects and read their energy and learn about their history . I know this sounds strange , but the land 's energy was calling out to me like it had a story to tell . The ground is cursed . This holy land . So something 's gonna happen to this place .. Which probably isn 't good . Land curses can cover huge areas , and can affect the living and the dead . In this case , it was doing terrible things to both . I think there 's a lot of spirit souls that are trapped in there . They 've been contaminated . You know , somebody did a ritual , and , like , cursed it . A Native American did it . I 've encountered a lot of curses over the years , and this one was extremely powerful . There was only one way I could think of to deal with it . You know what , they just need to ( Bleep ) Knock it down , to be perfectly honest , okay ? They just need to knock it down . Coming up next .. They 're all dead together . The death toll rises .. You 're not supposed to bury your children . And Amy identifies the creature controlling the dead .. He can go in their bodies and make them do ( Bleep ) . But is he still there ? What 's wrong ? Amy and I traveled to Santaquin , Utah , to investigate Leslie 's Family Tree Restaurant . The activity had gotten so bad , the family was ready to walk away from the business after nearly 30 years . I 'm worried about my daughter working here , and even maybe her children , in the long run . My next step was to start digging into the Restaurant 's history . That 's when I hit on something big . Four little kids at four different times , all drowned in the flood control channels that run behind the Restaurant . It 's deceptive , the look of this ditch , as it 's dried . The local Police Chief told me that the brother of one of the drowning victims , lived in the house right across the street from the ditch , where his brother drowned over 60 years ago . Lives in the house right across the street ? Correct . Holy ( Bleep ) . There are some kids even . There 's , like , four kids , and they did not know each other in life . For some reason , these dead kids wouldn 't talk to me , but there were still some bits of information I could use to piece together their story . They died at different times ? Yes . I think that they died of all .. Of the same kind of stuff . I see water . Is there water under here ? Your brother was one of the drowning victims over here . - Do you know what happened ? - I know what happened . My Mother was in the house doing things , and Robert had gone outside , and my Mother got worried and wanted to run outside to find out where he was at , and he was gone . And so she knew immediately that something was wrong . Was he missing for a while , - and there was a search for him .. - No . Or did .. Was it .. That must have been unimaginable for your Mom . Oh .. She was completely devastated . She felt responsible . She felt it was her fault . I .. I can 't imagine it . No , you 're not supposed to bury your children . That 's the first time I 've actually cried over him . Hearing a woman crying . Crying . The woman I was seeing was a residual energy , so I couldn 't ask her questions . But I could observe her , like watching a movie replaying over and over . This woman was very depressed , and whatever was happening to her was very traumatic . What is she doing ? It 's a lot of anger .. And rage , you know , so , like , she 's crying , but she 's angry , to the point where she wanted to , like , kill or harm . Fortunately , she wasn 't trapped in this place . She was only a residual imprint . But there were a lot of conscious entities trapped in that Restaurant , and I wanted to figure out how to erase them . I finally got a chance to meet with Leslie 's daughter Bobby . She told me a story that not only confirmed what Crissa the waitress told me , it made a strange case even stranger . There 's an old man that 's been lurking around here , and he followed me home one night . Explain that to me . What happened ? Well , I went home and was getting ready for bed .. And laid down , and every time I closed my eyes , I could feel his hands around my neck , pulling me off my bed . And so I shook really hard and opened my eyes , and I seen him up by my closet , and just disappeared into the ceiling . I know it was him . Without a doubt , it was him . By the end of my walk , I was completely drained . At about 3 : 00 A.M. , I was ready to call it a night . But then I saw something that scared me half to death . ( Bleep ) What ? That was kinda creepy . Can you describe what you saw ? It was this thing .. That had super long arms .. Weird hips . That kind of like , came up . How big is it ? Pretty ( Bleep ) Big . At the time , I was so shocked by the sight of that thing . I didn 't know what it was or why it was here . I only knew that it was somehow connected to all the dead entities and why they weren 't willing to talk to me . This guy knows how to get inside of people . He can , like , influence them . What do you mean ? He can go in their bodies and make them do ( Bleep ) . I knew this thing was a major threat to the living and the dead . That 's why I decided to sketch it for the reveal . Normal here , but just kind of bigger here . I guess I hoped giving this thing a face might help me understand it better , and it did . You wouldn 't want to meet this guy anywhere . Next , Amy reveals her terrifying sketch . - This is what you saw ? - Oh , my God . But did this tormented family follow her advice ? You gotta listen to Amy . At the start of every investigation , I warn our clients to be prepared for the worst . But at the reveal , Leslie and Bobby definitely weren 't ready for what Amy and I had to say . Leslie , you actually called us in because .. You 're concerned about turning the Restaurant over to your daughter . Yes . I was nervous about what they found . And I was overwhelmed at the idea of having a paranormal medium sitting next to me . Because I was just afraid of what she was gonna find . Amy , if you could just tell us what you encountered . Initially what I got was , there were children , and there were about four of them . They all did die from the same thing . Yeah , there 's one that I actually almost ran into turning a corner . Oh , wow . It made me sad when Amy picked up on the kids . They have no reason to be here . They should be moving on . I did uncover during the investigation that four kids drowned in an irrigation ditch right around the corner from here . Oh , wow . That 's such a horrific tragedy . I just can 't even imagine . Bobby had an interaction with an elderly man . Yes . There 's a photo here of a man , that she says she 's pretty sure is him , and that 's this older guy here . After work , late at night , went home , as soon as I got in bed and closed my eyes . I could feel hands around my neck trying to pull me off the bed . Oh , boy . This is .. Not good . Bobby 's story really scared me . Typically , curses create a walled-in environment , like being locked in a cell . If this guy could freely come and go , there was something else happening in this Restaurant . Amy , is that the guy you sketched ? No . Uh , what I sketched was a very strange thing . Are you kidding me ? When I pull out one of Amy 's sketches , I expect to see a drawing of some dead guy . This one almost made me fall out of my chair . This is what you saw ? I know , it 's really strange . Oh , my gosh , are you kidding me ? - Are you serious ? - Wow . What he likes to do .. Is tag people . And then he can .. Pull them back when they die . I would do anything to get rid of him . I don 't want him following anybody else home . Not my grandchildren , not my daughters , not anybody . If you want this thing to stop . You 've gotta listen to Amy . To be honest , part of me still thinks this Restaurant should be knocked down . But I knew there was no way Leslie and Bobby were going to take that advice . I would like to tell you to leave . But I can 't .. Because you 've kind of inherited a situation . And something needs to be done pretty quickly . What I think happened here is that .. There was an upset Native American . Who actually did a curse . And the people who have been trapped need to be released . This is going to be a really , really difficult process . You want a blessing , you want a cleansing , you want this curse to be broken . And bring in possibly different religious leaders , to help move on all the different people . How .. How many are we talking ? As many as possible . I realize this was a lot to ask of Leslie and Bobby , but it 's what needed to be done . That was the only way they were going to save their Restaurant , and more importantly , release the innocent dead that were trapped there . - What are you gonna do ? - We 'll move on to getting it blessed . Sounds like a lot of steps , but we 'll take ' em . Well , you guys are pretty passionate about this Restaurant . It sounds like you want the fight . - Yeah . - Oh , yeah , yeah . You are . You 're fighting for your life here . Thank you again , ladies . Appreciate you . Amy told us that we needed to get the curse lifted . And have the place blessed . But it 's just really scary just to trust anybody with my Restaurant . The activity has definitely increased . I don 't feel safe here any more . At this point , leaving the Restaurant to my daughter Bobby is not an option . I 'm really worried about her safety here . It 's a shame that Leslie and Bobby didn 't keep their promise to cleanse the property . And I 'm not surprised to find out the activity has increased . Until they take action , I 'm worried about what could happen to them , their employees , and their patrons . Subs created by : David Coleman .
