 ♪ Two ... two , three ... ♪ ♪ Crew on deck . How was the delivery to Tokyo ? Not bad ... Mothzilla got into the ship 's closet , though . Can we please get new uniforms now , Professor ? You said you would replace them a year ago . You can 't expect me to honor what year-ago Professor said . That guy was young and foolish . There 's nothing wrong with these uniforms that a few denim patches won 't fix . ( Professor and hermes screaming ) Oh , all right . To the garment district . ( Door opens , bell jingles ) Come in , come in . Can I offer you maybe a nice macaroon cut in seven pieces ? Oy , such a stereotype . Yes , I 'm looking for something in a space uniform that 's respectfully humiliating but can come out of an employee 's salary without his noticing . You got it . Tomorrow 's clothes at yesterday 's prices . Ah , you can 't go wrong with a stillsuit . It recycles your solid waste into a nice piece gefilte fish . Ugh , is there a way to just keep it as solid waste ? Now here 's something we can all agree on . ( Shudders ) Ah , the Stardoz 2293 . Not for everybody , but you pull it off . Please don 't pull it off . Yo , squidward scissorhands , you got this in an adult robot medium ? The foxhunting uniform ? You , sir , must be a robot of noble bearings . Well , I am descended from prince Albert 's can . I think we 've seen enough . Too much , actually . Come on , let 's try somewhere else . Wait , wait , perhaps discerning customers like yourselves would be interested in an item from our discount rack . Quality is the most important thing . How much is it ? 90 % off . An unpleasant fellow ordered them last year but never paid . Most unpleasant , that one . That sounds like something year-ago Professor would do . We 'll take them . Finally , a uniform I 'd be happy to be caught dead in . And , boy , does it wick away moisture ... gallons and gallons of it . Plus , they 're stitched in such a way that , no matter what angle it 's viewed from , it looks like you 're standing in hero wind . I just wish my fists weren 't sewn to my belt . ( Grunts ) Hey , what 's Bender wearing instead of that crap ? Oh , lord . Did you actually buy that getup ? We foxhunters do not stoop to buy getups . I made free with it . Since when do you care ... or even know ... about foxhunting ? Foxhunting is an ancient and noble pursuit that 's fascinated me ever since I first heard of it ten minutes ago . Noble pursuit ? What 's noble about killing a defenseless animal ? Don 't be naive , Leela . We kill defenseless animals all the time . Look at Hermes 's tortoise-shell glasses . The Professor 's walrus-ivory teeth , and don 't forget the zebra-fur ship cozy . ( Overlapping chatter ) Yeah , I guess you 're right . He 's got a point . See , Leela , there are two sides to every shameful act . What you call the atrocity of crazed dogs tearing a helpless fox to shreds , others call a pleasant jaunt in the park . The first thing . Come see for yourself . Join me on the morrow as I embark on my maiden hunt . I said join me ! This is my best protest sign ever , and it was easy because I started with a " save the ox " sign I already had . ( Horse neighs ) Wow , where 'd you get the horse ? None of your business . Young man , one does not drink from a champagne fountain in that manner . But he 's doing it . ( Chuckles ) Check out this dork . I , sir , am the master of the hunt and I 'll thank you to behave like a gentleman . You 're quite welcome , sir . ( Belches ) Ah , yes , foxhunting . If there 's one thing I know , it 's everything about it . What 's that weird cat ? ( Groans ) This is the fox we 'll be hunting today . Wow , this is easier than I thought . The sport is in the chase , sir . The fox gets a 30-minute head start . Man , it would have been so much easier to kill it in the cage . ( Buzzes ) Let the hunt begin . ( Barking ) ( Whooping raucously ) Stop , this is cruel and inhumane . Well , now , in all my years as a huntmaster I 've never seen anything like this . I mean , look at that sign . It 's magnificent . ( Chuckling ) : Oh , thank you . I used a ruler and I erased all the pencil lines when I was finished . Charming . Now , into the ditch with you . ( Screams ) ( Barking ) So the dogs do all the work while we sportsmen enjoy a nice horsey ride ? Precisely . I see you 've caught the fever . Keep your wits about you . I 've blanketed these woods with devious traps to ward off poachers and protesters . Stop the bloodshed , stop the violence . ( Screams ) ( Laughs ) I saw that coming from a mile away ... ! ( Horse neighing ) ( Chuckles ) Be more careful , friend . My antigravity snares are virtually undetectable . I saw it coming from a mile a ... ( Bender grunts , horse neighs ) View halloo , view halloo . View halloo ? All right . What does that mean ? The fox has been sighted . ( Barking ) Oh , yeah , get that fox . Go , dogs , go . ( Barking ) ( Horses neigh ) Eh , either way . ( Fox whimpering , dogs barking ) Oh , God , this is horrible . I can 't watch . ( Scoffs ) You humans always say you don 't want to see violence , but you know you do . I defy you not to watch . A robot fox ? Huh , I guess I 'm okay with this after all . Well , I 'm not . Robot foxhunting is a crime against robo-nature . Stop the bloodshed , stop the viol ... ( Screams ) ( Growling ) How can you do this to a poor , defenseless robot animal ? You people are sick , and you foxhounds are no better . They 're not foxhounds . They 're springer spaniels , you twit . Or rather spring-powered spaniels . ( Gasps ) Bot-on-bot violence ? Where will it end ? Not with the dogs . Come here , sea gasket . ( Neighs ) Hyah ! ( Neighs ) No ! You , sir , are a heartless monster , and you will rue the day you met me . Also , can I get my parking validated ? The time has come to end injustice against robot animals . ( Cheering ) No dog track rabbit should be used to test cosmetics , no robot cow should have to be milked by a milking machine , and no milking machine should have to milk a robot cow . Those injustices don 't even exist . Then , let 's find some that do . Robot chickens weren 't made to be jammed in cubicles and forced to lay eggs . Actually , they was . ( Clucking ) I 'll save you . Run free , sweet robo-hen . ( Clucks ) Enough with the tenderizing . It 's time for a Benderizing . Hey , you people can 't just burst in like that and cut off my hand . You got to take a number . Shooting innocent robot ducks is wrong . Fly away . Fly away , my pretties . ( Squawks ) ( Cheering ) Congratulations , Bender , you 've ended robot animal cruelty within a 20-yard radius of this building . You ready to call it a day , or do you have one more score to settle ? The second thing . ( Whimpers ) Huntmaster : The weekly hunt is hereby called to order . ( Enthusiastic chatter ) I 'll drink some more to that . As always , once I release the fox , it will have a 30-minute head start before ... ( Clattering ) ( Angry chatter ) Stop the hunt . Oh ! You again . I 'm back , snooty . We 're here to liberate that robot fox , and that 's what we 're gonna do . ( Grunting ) Uh , you mind showing me how to open the cage ? Now , listen here , the hunt is a hallowed tradition , and you Bambi-loving beatniks will never stop it . Oh , no ? Well , for your information , the robot fox has been declared an endangered robo-species . This injunction suspends all robot foxhunting for 24 hours while our motion is under consideration . We 'll see you in court . ( Banging ) Motion destroyed . The hunt shall resume at sunup . ( Neighing ) He 's crooked , but fair . I 'm not giving up yet . I am . I already did . You can count on me . Now here 's the plan . We 're going to sneak onto the grounds and free that fox . Can we stop for ice cream on the way back ? All right , fine . And on the way there ? ( Whispering ) : Okay , I 'll hold the ice cream while you two go over . ( Grunting ) Where 's the ice cream ? ( Whispers ) : There was a bear . ( Grunting ) ( Beep ) Okay . You guys take him back to planet express . I 've got one more shenanigan up my sleeve . But you promised us way-back ice cream . Oh , here . But no chocolate ... it 's bedtime . With that odious robot barred from the grounds , the weekly hunt is hereby called once more to order . Let the hunt begin . ( Other gasping ) ( Shocked murmuring ) You , sir , have been outfoxed . I spent all night on that . It 's clever . Nevertheless , I demand you return my fox . Sorry , mutton-chump . No fox , no hunt . Oh , really ? ( Beep ) ( Gun cocks ) Let the hunt begin ! ( Other agreeing ) Sir , I leave you with this one final thought . ( Panicked screaming ) ( Screaming continues ) Oh , God , they 're gonna kill me El roboto mas importante . And I only have a 30 minute head start . Uh-oh , a fork in the path . Hmm . There 's more places to hide in that dark forest . On the other hand , I could run faster through that open meadow . But of course , the forest might protect my fair robot skin from sunburn . Hmm ... ( Buzzer sounds ) ( Bugle plays , dogs barking ) Today , we hunt the most dangerous game ... aside from lawn darts ... a cunning robotic adversary so deviously clever that ... Oh , for God 's sake . Then again , a nice run through a meadow , who could say no to that ? What ... ? ! ( Barking ) ( Snarling , Bender whimpering ) Look here . Hunting is a team effort , and you 're not pulling your weight . Now I 'm going to be sporting and give you one more chance to run . Thanks . Nothing 's more important than sportsmanship . Ow ! ( Laughs deviously ) ( Slurping ) It 's so cute . Horseshoe crab cute . ( Fry laughs , others murmuring ) Fox news , everyone . I 've decided to make the fox our new corporate mascot . Hear , hear . Let 's put on our new uniforms and take a staff photo for the newsletter . Right on ! Here they are , freshly laundered and ... ( Hermes gasps , fox snarling ) ( Other gasping ) ( Panting ) Our magnificent uniforms ... they 're ruined . ( Sobbing ) And he peed on the locker room floor . That 's my territory . Also got in the henhouse and killed Amy 's prize-winning Rhode Island red . Not Penelope . Cute or not , I 'll kill that robo-rat . ( Amy yells , fox whimpers ) ( Fry screams ) Fry : Let me at it . I 'm gonna pound it with this chewed-up old stick . Leela : No ! It 's just a poor , scared wild robot . What did you expect ? ( Gasps ) My sign . It 's ruined . Kill the fox . ( Leela grunting ) ( Angry shouting ) ( Panting ) ( Whimpers ) ( Explosion ) Missed it by that much . ( Dogs barking ) ( Panting ) Oh , no , they caught my scent . I better throw them off by rubbing myself with something . ( Scratching ) Ow ! That 's no good . Wait , I know what 'll confuse those dogs . Catnip . ( Cats snarling , Bender yelling ) ( Bender yelling ) You have made yourself an enemy , my friend ! Dang it . He jumped on the path train to New Jersey . Of course . He 's commuting back to his native habitat . ( Panting wearily ) ( Sighs heavily ) On top of everything , I 'm starving . I 'll have to carve a sandwich out of this tree branch . Ow ! My finger . I wish I remembered more survival skills from boy scouts . Too bad my only merit badge was in interpretive dance . ( Gasps ) Wait . I can use the universal language of dance to signal for help . ( Humming ) Ow ! That was my second favorite ankle . ( Grunting , dogs barking in distance ) ( Bugle plays ) Was that a horn ? Are those the dogs ? ( Rustling ) Is that two caterpillars making sweet love ? ( Fox barks , Bender screams ) ( Fox panting ) Aw , you know what it 's like to feel hunted , too , eh , buddy ? Would it be too much to ask you to stay with me in my final moments and die at my side ? And you die first ? ( Snarling ) You lousy son of a ... ! ( Metallic clanking ) Oh , I get it . You freed me . ( Electrical crackling ) You lousy son of a ... ! ( Fox panting , Bender grunting ) ( Galloping hoof beats ) ( Horses neighing , dogs barking ) We 're hot on his heels . Aha ! One of his heels . ( Ship approaching , horses neighing oh , these guys . Can I help you ? Out of our way , this fox is ours . Fox ? Ah , yes . Have at it . We 're not hunting fox today . Wait a second , what are you hunting ? ( Dogs whimpering ) Oh , my God . It 's Bender 's middle finger . I 'd recognize this anywhere . ( Gasps sharply ) ( Snarling , barking ) What is it , little buddy ? Is it a layer cake ? Or maybe world series tickets ? A trip wire , hmm ? But who 's tripping who ? ( Grunting ) ( Laughing maniacally ) Wait ... whom . Who 's tripping whom ? ( Laughing maniacally ) I guess what I 've been trying to say is , we should all be ashamed . Me for my hatred of a mechanical fox that tore up my sign ... and who I 'd like to throttle ... and you , for hunting an innocent robot . Well , a robot who didn 't harm you personally . Today . Probably . But most of all , I blame you , huntmaster . Where 's the huntmaster ? Remember when you said " nobody leave " and then you turned your head briefly ? He left an hour before that . ( Chuckles deviously ) ( Grunting ) ( Yells ) ( Grunts ) Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Whoa , whoa , whoa-whoa-whoa ! ( Chuckles ) You disappoint me , Bender . I 'd've thought you 'd have learned to avoid my antigravity snares by now . I did . Too bad you didn 't . Bender : Boo-oop . Ye gods ! ( Screaming , grunts ) How does it feel to be the hunted ? To be forever looking over your shoulder , like an owl with that type of neck ? To die in agony at the hands of the world 's greatest lover ? ( Cocks gun ) No ! Please ! I can 't shoot you . Bender , I found your trigger finger . Ah , now I can . ( Cocks gun ) But I won 't . Not with so many witnesses . You 're a true gentleman . Unlike me . ( Gasping ) ( Snarling ) ( Fox snarling , huntmaster yelling ) ( Gasps ) : I can 't watch ... Enough . ( Snarling ) Oh , no ! ( Screams ) Hey , wait a minute . ( Electrical crackling ) He was also a robot ? Dude ! So a robot fox killed a robot human ? Eh , I guess that makes it okay . No . Killing of any kind is ... I don 't know , well ... Let me think about this . ( slurping ) Ah . I guess it 's okay .
