 British rule was getting over in India And British Map maker was busy to make India map I have printed all the villages on map only this small village is left Sir ! The biggest mental hospital is in that village Don 't you get scared ? Mental would be in mental hospital They won 't be stood on the streets for our welcome What happen ? What happen ? They escaped They escaped from the mental hospital Who escaped ? Who will escape from the mental hospital ? mental people escaped from there They have occupied the entire village Save your lives Now what we do ? We will must have to go there That 's the only village left And I have to submit this report till tomorrow morning It 's just a small village Who cares if you will put in the map ? If we will go to that village then ... . And that 's how that small village lost it 's place from Indian map What happen ? Either my faith is wrong that people lives outside from this world Either I am not good for that so I could make a machine what could communicate with those people You are making the world 's first machine who could contact aliens and that hard job will take time But those people who gave me money to make this machine they want results I have told them that I will give them results in two years and you know today two years are completed And tomorrow I have a meeting with them So what will you Tell them ? Where you have been ? I am trying you phone since morning Nothing ! My phone was switched off please don 't ask me anything I have only bad news I also have some bad news for you There was a phone call for you from India Caller said that he is your brother Your dad is in serious condition and he is on last stage He wants to meet you I will have to go India We will have to go India ... . We ? Yes we ... . And we are going tonight I have confirmed the tickets You can 't go to India , What will you do there ? I am not asking you I am Telling you I am coming India with you We are living together from last 4 years And you never told me that you have a family in India You always told me that you have nobody ... . I am sorry ! Why did you hide this thing from me ? Why you didn 't Tell me about your dad and brother ? You are coming to India ... . so watch it by yourself ! What 's your village name ? Pagla Pur ... . After how many stations Pagla Pur comes ... . This train doesn 't go to Pagla Pur ! It 's just go to Ratna Pur then we will have to take bus Two tickets for Pagla Pur Two tickets for PaaIan Pur Two tickets for PaIan Pur ... But Ma 'am wants to go Pagla Pur We have to go Pagla Pur . This bus doesn 't go to Pagla Pur ... . We will go to PaIan pur then we will take auto ... .. First you Tell me that where you wanna go ? Pagla Pur ! Take some extra money Take us there ! If you will say Afghanistan then I will take you there ... . but I will never go to that strange village You are frieghtened like villagers will attack on your auto mentals are coming ! Where are you going ? I will never come to Pagla Pur ... . You didn 't get hurt Now we are addicted of that ... . We are unfortunate people ... . Come here ! He is Babban My brother . Babban ! She is Deewa my friend ... . Hi ! Don 't be scared , You have to see the entire village Who will study well ... . that will become viceroy Hide your self ! He came here everyday Gone ! What ? We are saved But teacher why Germans attacked on us this time I don 't know When this world war 2 will over You have become scientist to study in this school Yes ! I was in this school till third standard You have come ! I just came , I have to go to meet my dad Your dad 's condition is serious And he will live only few more days What 's that ? It 's Raja 's house ... . Raja will be happy to see him His Grandpa was in mental hospital He would be the king of some state He still think himself King . My last weapon you have come She is my friend She is my friend I was going to meet dad . So I thought I should meet you I feel to sing a song but ... . Your dad 's condition is very serious and he is very sick and he will live few more days Today is some celebrations , No ! today is independence day Independence Day ! But today is not 15 August Today is the Independence day for Pagla Pur This village got freedom this day Who is that ? But he doesn 't looks like Gandhi He attacked first on warden of mental hospital He was also in the mental hospital And he is his Grand son Look ! who is here ? I have to meet my dad , What that kid is doing over there ? He is Goti ! He thinks himself lamp that 's why he hung up So why don 't you take him down and we should leave Mukhya in dark You have come ? Yes ! How are you ? I am fine How are you ? My condition is serious I am very sick and I will live few more days What happen to you ? I am telling you that I am not feeling well I mean what happen to you Do you have headache , You are puking ... . How do I know ? I am not a doctor Can you walk ? He can 't even walk In fact he can 't get up ... . But now you have come So my Iife got some time Now I will hand over this village in your hands and I could rest in peace ... . No ! don 't talk like that , I won 't say it now I have come Everything will be fine Sattu Bro said ... . Everything will be fine I will take you the biggest hospital of the city No ! No ! What do you mean no ? How he will be fine Which doctor will come to this village ? No ! He means to say not right now It 's sunset ! We all will go tomorrow morning I was also saying that ... . How did you came out from this place and reach to America I knew from childhood that there must be a place outside from this village Some other world ... . I worked really hard to came out from this place I walked 12 km everyday to that village for my studies then I reached to Dehli I worked hard over there I have got scholarship I have paid my fees and then straight to America ... . and now after America Your eyes are on aliens ... . They really love you How could you live away from them But I can 't do that thing here what I want to do ... . And I will sit here and do my job Let 's go ! Where ? villagers are celebrating for you come back ... . Dad is not feeling well so how could we celebrate Mukhya ! you are gone fine ... . Shut up ! You couldn 't get up ... . You made a plan to call me here Not drama ! I sung a song Fine ! You guys sing the song all night long Which song we should sing ? I have saved this madness from you We can go tomorrow morning Why do we need to go late night ? I just wanted that you come back and you should save this village Do you have any idea how much I worked hard to save this village I had only one month to save my 2 years hard work ... and now less than a month because of you But how do we know ? Don 't leave us ... . Nobody will follow me Nobody will speak after me What happen to you ? Let 's go ! You have said that nobody will follow you You are gone mad to live with these people You are not insane Why we are going from this jungle ? It 's very safe I used to go from this way ... . There was shortcut here ... . By using our brains , Think ! What so special in this village who could take people 's attention Think ! What 's that thing ? I know it ... What 's here ? When I was young My dad said that there is oil under this land oil ! Isn 't it the big thing ? What 's the big deal ? oil is in my head as well ... So fry some snacks in that oil Do you know if we have oil here then how many multi nationals will come here We will be rich ! My Grandpa dig holes to find that oil Did he found oil ? No ! So what you are going to see there ? We are going to see holes there Get back ! We didn 't came here for picnic Holes ! Then lay down in those holes ... We will make your grave Anything else is here ! except holes , leaves and trees ... . There is a magical place here Which magical place ? Where is the magic here ? That idiot told us that look over here and he is gone from other place How did he came there ? I knew that ... . You have some hidden art It 's not an hidden art but it 's a hidden way Where this way ends ? Back side of the well But that won 't help us We will show the magical appearance to people people won 't left their work to come to see your magic show We will have to think something else Now you show your magic Yes ! It 's God for me Do you believe in God ? It 's God for me Now I can 't spend more time on it Keep it on some safe place Nobody should touch it ... . We need more rope How much ? Bring as much as you can He is not preparing for our suicide What are you doing ? Cut it in smaller pieces , And Raja you also help them Do one thing ! Put some wet sand in it but that will make rusty pieces ... That 's all we want . Is it fine ? More harder ! Sattu ! Yes ! What it will do ? So we could stay on equal distance It will take eight hours ... . When do we start ? Tonight at 9 We have made this wrestling ring We didn 't made this wrestling ring We are working from eight hours If we didn 't made it so who made it ? Listen to me ! After today ! If anybody comes to Pagla Pur and ask ... . We haven 't done it If they will ask that who did it ? then you will say ... . We don 't know ... . But we didn 't do it Every year we cut the harvest and nobody comes to see ... and you just ruined the harvest this year now who will come to see this You just have a look ... .. people will come to see this What we are waiting for ? Where is Sattu ? He told us to watch ahead and he didn 't escape from back side What 's all this ? You are making fun of our poverty ? Don 't make fun of us And listen to me We all will wear these clothes So we could looks like you And nobody should be doubt on us Any quesitons ? One car is heading this way and there is an umbrella on it 's roof It 's the curse of Lord Shiv It 's the third eye of Lord Shiv what has open ... . to destroy this world ... . So what do we do now ? What he is saying ? His name is Simon Why you are making this sound on everything I am saying that he knows Agastya It 's a good thing that he knows him He might be a friend and he will help us He is not a friend , You can call him enemy And he can ruin our plan to show his enmity How is that ? Let 's go ! Let 's kidnap him Everyone sit down ! Raja ! You also sit down ! Entire world is here If they will know that he is disappeared then it will be a mess We will kidnap him and we will replace him with Lord PokIand Who will know that ? Don 't talk rubbish ! And listen to me ! Tomorrow Simon will try to talk to you He will try to ask different questions but you won 't answer him Remember ! You will not answer for anything only you talk to him ! only you talk to him and nobody else will talk to him only he will talk We don 't have milk here , Where they gone ? Come inside ! We have more space here You are sitting hidden here I have told you to keep an eye on him I am watching him ! Now everybody will leave tomorrow What did you think next ? I will think if you will let me think Why are you screaming ? I am not screaming , Deewa is screaming What happen ? What was that ? He must be your dad and he would have gone there Water was not in mug ! Everybody surround this place You haven 't found another place Who is there ? He is that allen ! He is our Kachwa ! His name is Kachwa but he runs like rat Get lost from here She is appoIogizing to you She is saying that ... . What happen ? I am saying that nobody will go back from Pagla Pur How am I looks like ? Have you got any exclusive footage ? I haven 't found anything But I am trying my best I haven 't seen idiot like you all channels are getting some exclusive footages Bobby ! Get the camera ! Come fast ! Where he is gone ? What 's happening ? Are you ready ? Go ! Don 't be afraid ! Bobby ! It 's an allen , Shoot him ! What are you doing ? Don 't stand quite , Do something Entertain the people ! Greatjob ! If we will leave him ... . then he will ruin our plan Until we don 't finish our plan let him stay here To get Pagla Pur ... . Three states have started progress work FBI has come to Pagla Pur to find Simon Our mission is completed Now it 's time to finish the game Tonight aliens will release Simon And they will go back to their home But if Simon will tell our secret to everyone We will release him in such condition that he will tell anything to anyone Nobody will believe him Simon ! Go back ! To see Simon we feel that aliens have raped him and release him Now shall I come to drop you to America Why did he stopped ? Now what will be next move ? UFO ! I think they are gone in UFO Leave him ! aliens are going back to home Run ! It 's a balloon I can 't see anything Why you are jumping on me ? I am protecting you He didn 't go yet ! She looks like a girl Speak louder ! What he is saying ? If I would have understand so I wouldn 't talk to him Tell me what he is saying They have got our message two years earlier Since they were watching us ... . That means my machine has been working on and on ... . My machine is working What else he is saying ? Before contacting us these people ... . wanted to satisfy that we are good people And now they believe that ... . we are nice people Now they are satisfied that we are nice people They are satisfied who will make us believe that they were watching us from 2 years They are saying that they have brought a gift for us when they will leave this place we will get our gift Why they are in hurry ? Have some refreshments ! No gift is here ! Look ! Nothing is here What happen ? Look what happened ? What happen ? Look at this ! What 's happening ? It 's oil ! We have oil in our Pagla Pur ... . I have already told you that oil is here Joker wasn 't the part of any color and he won 't be anymore Pagla Pur don 't need anyone ... ..
