 Previously on Warehouse 13 ... There 's a bomb in Sykes ' wheelchair ! How did you know about that ? You came into my house and stole from me , and I will respond in kind . Someone from Artie 's past has been breaking into the Warehouse and sending out artifacts . Basically undoing his life 's work as a Warehouse agent . But nothing 's showing up on the security feeds . Which would explain why I 've been having the mega-vibes . But not why Artie 's been keeping us out of the loop . Or what black diamonds mean . He 's probably just trying to protect us . Yes , but from whom ? [ Sighs heavily ] None of you are reacting . [ Robotic voice ] " Unhand me , human . " Zzzt ! [ Groans in pain ] Here , look . I used to be 5 ' 7 " . Now I 'm 5 ' 10 1 / 2 " . I did not make this up . Yeah , trust me , we 've heard stranger . Please be careful . We 're always careful . [ Clank ] [ Robots whirring and beeping ] Says here , uh , Mr. Byck , that you updated your online dating profile on Tuesday . Yes , women consistently prefer taller men , which they should . Taller men on average are more successful , and they make more money . Yeah , well , Tom Cruise is 5 ' 7 " , but you stick with that . Also ... Chicks love robots . But that was before it got painful ? When this started , I didn 't care how or why . I was thrilled . But I have enough things wrong with me . I don 't need all my joints to ache too . Asthma , heartburn ... restless leg , wellness anxiety ... Hey , these are all alphabetical . I 've cracked the code . Would you please- - Jeez . Mr. Byck , what 's wellness anxiety ? Hypochondria . I might have that too . Both : Nooo . It 's hard to believe Commander Data over there hasn 't found his soul mate . You think Artie just sent us on a wild goose chase to get us out of the Warehouse ? Well , whatever he 's keeping secret from us , Steve and Claudia 'll find out , and they 'll let us know . Hmm . Pete ... Look , he--he 's taller than the stove hood now . It 's not a wild goose chase after all . Hey , Leena . Barry Byck has improved his dunk . So have two others . I 'm sending over the info now . A John Tufano , near you , and a Lisa Bernardo on the other side of town . And I suddenly realized I was taller . I was trying out a new recipe for the potluck- - moussaka . Yeah , maybe I should just- - And all of the sudden , I could reach the pots hanging above the range that I couldn 't reach before . [ Farnsworth buzzes ] Guys , we got another one . - Pete , this is spreading fast . - [ Screams ] [ Screaming ] What 's happening to me ? [ Mysterious music ] ♪ [ Groaning ] Artie , so far , there 's been four cases . There 's no telling how widespread this thing could get . Yeah , they start out with just getting taller , but pretty quickly , it escalates to really painful . Gotta figure eventually it 's gonna be , " Now I 'm dead . " There 's no obvious connection between the victims so far . Different parts of town , different jobs . There 's one more person we have to contact . - Anthony ... - A lawyer named Anthony ... - Seklir . - Seklir . So go talk to Mr. Seklir . Artie , what are you doing ? I 'm organizing my wire collection . It 's gotta be an artifact . Adults don 't have growth spurts . No short jokes , no fat jokes , no age jokes . Well , then , I got nothing . So what about , um , Paul Bunyan 's axe or David 's slingshot ? Or how ' bout a magical bag of beans ? We got the axe . We got the slingshot . The beans ? Please . That 's just a fairytale . Well , it 's good to know where we draw the line . Someone call a handyman ? [ Metal clangs ] What are you trying to do , kill me ? - What are you two doing here ? - You first . Might it have something to do with your new bling ? Wh-where did you- - where did you get that ? We found it in the dark vault , where Alice 's mirror used to be . That 's not unlike the box of them we found in that garage filled with artifacts , is it ? Now , you said you were gonna tell everyone about that , Artie . I did not . I said I would handle it . I said there was a protocol to these things . If I know my Warehouse backbone architecture , and I think we can all agree that I do , I 'd say you were trying to fix the artifact removal detection system , since obviously it 's been on the fritz . Someone 's been getting in and out and stealing artifacts . And the burning question on every agent 's mind is , why are you trying to hide it from us ? Did it ever occur to you that part of my job is deciding what is and what is not part of your job , and the reason I 'm not telling you something may just be because I am protecting you ? Yes , that did occur to us . We also considered crankiness , senility , and Artie 's just sugar-crashing . Did it mayhaps occur to you that we don 't need protecting ? I was ATF . I raided heavily armed compounds for a living , not to mention that I 've already died on this job . Yeah , and I was bodyjacked by Alice because of this . Really ? You 're gonna compare that to dying ? Focus . Excellent suggestion . Why don 't you both focus- - on something else ? Artie , if you don 't tell us what we 're up against , how are we supposed to defend ourselves ? You 're obviously dealing with something huge . Stop trying to do it alone , and let us help . [ Traffic noise ] I was already too tall . Now I gotta buy all these new suits . I mean , look at this . Juries don 't exactly trust a lawyer in Capri pants . Excuse me . I gotta eat . [ Sighs ] I have a hearing at lunchtime . Ooh . - What ? - Oh , sorry . It 's just , I haven 't eaten yet , so it 's kind of , ooh . In this line of work , grab it when you can . - Mykes , can we get Mexican ? - No . [ Clears throat ] - What are those ? - Heartburn . It 's too much stress . You know , Mr. Seklir , hot sauce is great for that . Byck , our--our- - our first victim , wasn 't he taking heartburn medication ? What wasn 't he taking ? Although Reduxid does sound familiar . Okay , we need to check on Barry Byck and confirm that 's what he 's taking , then find out if Tufano and Bernardo were taking it too . Gil , we 're getting some odd reports from docs prescribing Reduxid in South Bend , Indiana . They say their patients are getting taller . I want to go check it out . Just South Bend ? You know that sounds crazy . I know . I know . But sometimes you gotta follow up on crazy . If it turns out to be true and we get sued , the less we know , the better . True , but on the flip side , this could lead to possible treatments for osteoporosis and growth hormone deficiency , cancer . Plus there 's research that shows that men really want to be taller . It 's right up there with better in bed and more hair . Go . [ Man cries out ] Barry , can you get to the door ? Myka , stand back . [ Groaning ] [ Screaming ] Help me . Help . [ Groaning ] Oh , God . [ Siren wailing ] So all four came in in the last couple hours . Doc 's got ' em on morphine . Says their- - their body is literally pulling themselves apart . Gives ' em , oh , two days tops on the outside . Well , I talked to Artie . He 's gonna look for something to slow the effect . He 'll send it to the hotel if he finds it . Yeah , but what does a heartburn pill have to do - with an artifact ? - I don 't know . Maybe it 's some sort of chemical in the pill that interacts with the artifact when someone touches it . So we 're looking for something that all four of these people touched in common . Pete , look at this . Byck and Tufano , both of them were prescribed Reduxid by the same gastroenterologist , a-a Dr. Selden . Maybe the artifact is , I don 't know , at his office . Well , it 's a place to start . And maybe while we 're there , he can give me something for my gas . Well , Pete , he- - he 's a doctor , not a magician . Can I help you ? Yes , Agents Bering and Lattimer . We would like to speak to a Dr. Selden , please . Uh , excuse me . These people and I have been waiting . - Pete ? - Got it . Sorry . Federal Agents . Very important . Badge . Gun . Chin . Okay , let 's go . Reduxid is in early market trials , and only a handful of doctors are prescribing it in a select few cities . Did you treat all four of these patients ? No , only Byck and Tufano . I don 't know the others . - Can I help you ? - Um , uh- - so this isn 't the connection . Uh , maybe we need to check the pharmacy where they got the pills . No , Byck and Tufano went to different drugstores . Can I ask what you 're looking for ? And , uh , can I be a part of this ? Hi . Me again . Right . Uh , look , I know we had a little thing out there with the chin , but this is official business . Deb Stanley , Moorpark Pharmaceutical . We make Reduxid . [ Intercom beeps ] Dr. Selden , Mr. Lieber is getting very impatient . Mr. Lieber and his spastic colon . Excuse me . We would be very interested to know if our pill is making people taller . It 's not just making people taller . There are four people currently in critical condition - in the ICU . - I didn 't know that . Okay , if it is the pill , it can 't just be the pill . Right ? I keep tabs of all the doctors that are participating in the trial , and whatever 's going on , it 's only happening here in South Bend . So if the FDA wants to get involved- - Whoa , whoa , whoa . We 're not the FDA , okay ? We 're the Secret Service . Does the president have heartburn ? - Wouldn 't you ? - Ms. Stanley , we 're not going after your company , and we already know that this is only happening in South Bend , so- - We 're trying to help these people . - Good . Me too . - Well , uh , then you can get us a list of all the patients who are taking Reduxid currently that live in the city . Do you have a subpoena ? [ Snickers ] I know . Subpoena . It 's kind of a funny word , right ? - It just sounds like- - - Pete . It 's okay . I grew up with three brothers . - Ah . - Penis . It sounds like penis . Okay . So ... You guys are looking for some environmental factor . Right ? Some place that the affected patients have been or something that they 've done in common ? Something like that . Then we work together . - Oh- - - Kay . Okay . - But- - - Okay . Okay . So . Patient info is all by code for confidentiality . Now , I don 't have the name of the patients . I only have the doctors ' numbers . But I can call them . I can ask them to have the patients talk to us . We still have to look into those four victims that we already know about . Why don 't we split up ? You dig into the four we know , and I 'll go play doctor with Deb . " Brother " Adrian ? As in Brotherhood of the Black Diamond ? How--how did you- - Well , as soon as we found the diamonds , I did some surfing . They 're a secret society in France . Yeah , well , s-secret society doesn 't quite capture it . One of the last offshoots of the Knights Templar . So what 's their beef with us ? Not us . Me . Brother Adrian has a grudge against me personally . So that 's why he 's been stealing artifacts that are meaningful to you . A grudge ? More info , please . He 's trying to force me to do something that I ... I can 't do . What--what does he- - What that is I can 't tell you . Suffice it to say it would be bad , and that 's all you get . I 'm maxed out on my sharing quota for the day . Okay , we 'll wait outside . We 're just trying to help you here . [ Sighs ] I 'm sorry . Thank you . " I 'm sorry " and " Thank you " in the same sentence ? Keep your eye out for four horsemen . It turns out the Mayans were right . How is this guy even getting in ? I mean , there 've been no security breaches , no break-ins , no unauthorized open doors . Well , he 's using an artifact , isn 't he ? One would assume . So do you have any idea how to find him ? Uh , yeah , I 've got a number , but I 've tried tracing it . It 's routed through all these anonymous handoffs . - It 's impossible . - [ Laughs ] Oh , Artie . You are adorable . This is why you ask for help . The number , please . Anyone you tell will be in grave danger . [ Cell phone ringing ] Oh , Secret Service stuff . - Ah . - Hey , Mykes . Anything ? No , there 's no connection between any of the victims yet . What about you ? How goes it with the , uh , second ex-future-Mrs . Lattimer ? Not bad , not bad . She 's not half the hard-ass we made her out to be at first . Hey , Mykes , uh , we just hit the last of the docs on the list , and none of the other patients are getting any taller . So it is limited to a small group . Okay , you know what ? I 'm gonna go back to the hospital and see if any of the victims can talk . You stick with Deb . - Really ? - Yeah . I mean , there 's still some connection involving Reduxid that we haven 't figured out , so , you know , work your boyish charm . Investigate . All right , well , twist my arm . You tell the President I 'll call him back when I 'm good and ready . [ Phone beeps ] Sorry . Yeah . So , Deb , I gotta tell you , you were , uh , pretty good with the docs in there . Wow . Sound more surprised . It is what I do . [ Chuckles ] No , I know . It 's just , uh , you know , when we first met , I- - I don 't know . I thought you were gonna be a little more- - Hard-ass ? I meant it in the best possible way . As in , " wow , hard ass . " It 's not exactly the compliment a girl 's looking for . You can bounce a quarter off of mine . I do not want to know how you know that . - [ Laughs ] - Anyway , as it happens , I like doctors . My dad was one . He 's gone now . Oh , mine too . Uh , dead , not a doctor . Also , sorry . So why didn 't you follow in his footsteps ? Did you ever notice how most doctors already seem to know everything ? What , you don 't find that attractive ? Oh , no , no , no . You 're hiding that very well . Ah , see , there 's that hard-ass thing again . Point is , I prefer working in new drug development . And I like being in a field that 's still discovering . I mean , the world 's full of surprises , right ? [ Loud knock at door ] - [ Inhales sharply ] - What time is it ? A little after 4 : 00 . - Pete , it 's me . - [ Gasps ] - Hurry ! - Pete ! [ Huffing and puffing ] - Hi . - Hey . - Hi . - Hey . [ Loud knocking ] Ooh ! Dress ! Okay . Open the door . - Oh , hey , Myka . - Hey . Yeah , I 'm sleeping , and- - and--okay . Get dressed , okay ? Leena picked up a 9-1-1 call from a new victim , and Artie sent us this , the gold spike that completed the transcontinental railroad . It pulls things together . He thinks it might ... slow ... the symptoms ... You slept with her , didn 't you ? Well , you--you told me to investigate , okay ? So ... She 's unarmed . You know what ? Just get dressed , okay ? Just--oh ! What ? Okay , so this new victim is a Christian scientist , all right ? Which means he doesn 't have a doctor . So he never took the pills . The pill has nothing to do with this . Why are you such a slut ? Oh , Myka , would you please just go ? I 'll be out in a minute . I 'm leaving . Fine . Fine . Slut . [ Door slams ] - Hi . - Hi . Hi , Deb . This--this was great . Okay ? I mean , this was- - this was really great . And I 'm not- - I 'm not just saying it , okay ? And I-I 'm sorry that I have to run off and all , but I just don 't want you to think that I 'm , you know , that guy- - Pete , listen . I 'm a big girl , you know . Occasionally , I 'm that guy . - Oh , okay . Dude . - Yeah . That 's- - But you would 've called me , though , right ? I mean ... Anyway , good news . Uh , there 's--there 's no connection to your pill . So the last guy who got taller , he didn 't even take it , so- - Okay . Uh , wow . Well , so what do we do next ? Oh , we- - Wow . We--we--we don 't- - we don 't do anything . Your company 's in the clear . But listen , I gotta go , okay ? But--but , Pete . No , look . Hey , hey , hey . I didn 't just come here to cover my company 's butt , you know ? I want to help . Let me be part of this . [ Sighs ] I 'm sorry , okay ? I- - You can 't . I 'll call you though , okay ? I 'll call . [ Door slams ] I did ask nicely . [ Radio dispatch chatter ] [ Gasping ] [ Groaning ] Okay , you distract the EMTs . I 'll use the spike . Okay . [ Groaning ] Unit 321 , what 's your status ? We 're onsite now . All right , whoa , whoa , whoa . Guys , guys , guys , guys . Okay , Secret Service . Now , I need you to move this vehicle ASAP . Copy that . - Are you kidding me ? - Okay . All right , I 'm gonna help you . I need you to grab this . Okay . [ Metallic reverberation ] - [ Breathing slows ] - Okay . All right . You 're gonna be okay . All right . Certainly don 't wanna interfere with Secret Service . What 's that ? Go for Red Zebra 34 . What ? He changed his route ? Agh , that guy 's a pain in my- - All right , dudes . Well , as you were . But don 't worry . I 'll get you a signed picture . Meanwhile , you really should be taking care of that man . [ Dramatic music ] ♪ [ Muffled chatter ] [ Metallic reverberation ] Well , this should buy us a few hours , anyway . Unless we figure out what 's causing this , all of these people are gonna die . [ Line ringing ] Gil ? Hey . It 's , uh , it 's not the Reduxid . But I-I think I 'm onto something bigger . These Secret Service agents , they 're part of some group that collects- - I don 't know , uh , objects with unusual properties , things that make people grow taller and suspend out-of-control tissue growth . Who knows what other medical applications they 've been sitting on ? You sure about this ? Yeah , I 've seen it with my own eyes . - This could be huge for us . - I know , but listen . This growing thing , it 's really bad . We 've gotta figure out a way to help these people . Of course , of course . The company would only pursue any product if we could keep the adverse effects to a minimum . It 's just good business . All right . Keep digging . Let me know what you find . And , Deb , - good work . - Thanks . My fiance- - they brought him in in an ambulance . Are you looking for Mr. Irving ? Yeah . He 's upstairs . I 'll take you to him . Hi , I 'm Deb . I 'm with a drug company that 's trying to help . Do you mind if I ask you a few questions about Karl ? Sure . That 's the last one . Give it a try . [ Keyboard clicking ] [ Computer beeping ] Uh , it 's good . Yeah , it 's good . [ Alarm buzzing ] It 's bad . Bad . Whoa , whoa , hey . What 's wrong ? [ Tense music ] ♪ He got Harriet Tubman 's thimble . Another bad thing . [ Mumbling ] Yeah , yeah , it lets you change your appearance into anyone , and- - Artie , I don 't speak mumble . - [ Farnsworth buzzes ] - [ Mumbles ] What ? I got a 20 on Brother Adrian 's cell . Old mansion outside of Sturgis , supposed to be empty . [ Dramatic music ] [ Crow caws ] ♪ All right , listen . This place is condemned and dangerous , so be careful , and remember , we take away whatever artifact he 's using , take it into the Warehouse . We cut off his access . What 's this guy look like ? Well , look at the place . I mean , you see any other human being in there , it 's probably him . All right , ear buds on . [ Beeping ] You guys go around the back . I 'll take the front . [ Crow cawing ] [ Thud , clatter ] Whoa , whoa , whoa . Please be careful . Remember , you 're falling on your face for two now . Oh , thanks for your concern . [ Phone beeping ] Who you calling ? Hoping he didn 't leave it on vibrate . [ Muffled ringing ] [ Ringing continues ] At least we know he 's here . [ Wood creaks ] - Stop ! - Hold it ! Artie , second floor , just above the back hall . [ Suspenseful music ] ♪ Damn it , we lost him . All right , I 'll come toward you . - Maybe we can trap him . - He was carrying a wooden plank , maybe a yard long- - oh , and old , with Roman lettering . Gotta be at least artifact-adjacent . [ Monitor beeping ] Something 's giving me heartburn . Pete , if it 's not the pill , what if what they have in--in common is the symptom ? I mean , heartburn 's caused by lifestyle . Stress , weight , eating habits . Do you still have those patient reports from Deb ? - Yeah . These guys ? - Yeah . Okay . Um ... right . Look , each of these victims had a spike in their heartburn on the same night . A couple days later , they started to get taller . Oh , so what 'd they do on the 16th ? So Barry organized all his receipts by date . Color me shocked . Here , on the 16th , he took a-a cooking class at a cooking school called Le Cordon Bend . He probably did it to meet girls . Right , well , here 's their website . Ah , and lookee there . The class was taught by victim number five , Karl Irving . Tastes of the Mediterranean . Didn 't Lisa Bernardo say that she was trying a new recipe ? Moussaka . They all took the same cooking class . 5 listen to this . " Karl 's specialty is exotic , spicy foods . " That explains why some of them were taking the heartburn pill . " And his passion is collecting " authentic antique cooking tools " from around the world , which he uses in his classes . " Artifact jackpot . This place has been cleaned out . But that doesn 't make any sense . Oh , no . It--it does . I heard about it from the fiance . Yeah , I cleaned the place out . I sent everything over to RD for study . Who knows ? Radiation ? Chemical coating ? Maybe they can figure out a way to make this thing safe . Thanks , Gil . I have another stop to make . I 'll be in touch . [ Crow cawing ] That wooden plank might be the threshold of Limentinus . The Roman God of thresholds . Of course . Tell me about the plank . Well , when it 's placed at the base of anything , it creates an opening . That 's how he 's been breaking in . Do- - [ Wood creaks ] Yeah , you- - keep digging . I 'll get back to you . [ Farnsworth beeps ] [ Keyboard clicking ] [ Knock at door ] Hi . Before you deny it , I know that Pete Lattimer lives here , I know he 's not strictly Secret Service , and I 've got about a million questions about that . May I come in ? [ Ominous music ] Yes . Okay , thank you . Yep , Moorpark Pharmaceutical bought the whole school . Shipped it to research and development in Minneapolis . - She used me . - Yes . That 's kinda hot . [ Farnsworth buzzes ] Leena . Hi , guys . Uh , there 's a Deb Stanley here who says she knows you and is asking all sorts of questions . Isn 't that interesting ? Oh , my God . This is , like , the worst one-night stand ever . Okay , look , Mykes . I get a really good vibe off of her , and I-I-I think that--that Deb truly believes that what she 's doing is right . So I 'll just tell her that whatever she 's found she has to give back or else people are gonna die , and--and I think she 'll give it back . And how are you going to deny what we do and admit that a cooking utensil has the power to kill ? - You are so smart . - Look , we 'll just- - we 'll bag it faster if we go to Minneapolis . So we 'll split up , okay ? I 'll go get the artifact , and you go home and clean up your mess . Or--or maybe you could talk to Deb . Yeah , no , never mind . Please don 't still be there . Please don 't still be there . Please . Um , the Secret Service doesn 't house their agents in quaint little bbs . Who are you ? Wait , how did you even find me here ? I pulled some strings . I got your travel records . Okay , a little stalker-y . Look , I know I rocked your world , but you can 't just follow me home . Oh , yeah . That 's why I 'm here . You 're gonna have to put a ring on it . - Really ? - No . - What ? - Look , I found out that you guys were around a couple of years ago when a wrestling team got buff quick . Yeah , another time , there were rumors some old ladies got miraculously younger . Things like this , they pop up on the radar when you 're in the business of finding new drugs . But every time I dug further , the stories got buried , and I think- - I think that you guys are the ones who buried them . Look , Deb , for your own safety , get outta here now . I work for some people that don 't like strangers asking questions . Are they gonna put a bullet in my head ? Maybe . Pete , I 've seen this movie before . Other people know I 'm here . Look , my boss is already on his way . Oh , man . Why am I so irresistible ? I know , Senator . I thought it was a myth too . But I have it from a very trusted source . I 'm on my way to the airport now . If this collection of objects does exist , the government has no right to suppress it . I mean , just think of the lost opportunity to help people ... and the lost revenue . Thank you . You and your fundraising committee won 't regret it . All right . See you there . [ Electronic buzzing ] Artie ? Where have you been ? Yeah , uh , well , you know , I searched the whole cellar , and nothing . Steve , the thimble . It 's not Artie . It 's him . - No ! - No ! [ Gunshots ] [ Suspenseful music ] ♪ He didn 't have the plank with him . Well , maybe he stored it down here , and he used the thimble in case we saw him . - [ Phone beeps ] - Artie , can you read us ? [ Static ] We 're in the cellar . No , no , it 's choppy . What were those shots ? Are you all right ? We think that Brother Adrian may have stashed the plank down here , but now he might be heading your way . He made himself look like you . [ Electronic buzzing ] Do you have it in you to shoot yourself , Agent Nielsen ? Wouldn 't be the first time . [ Whooshing sounds ] Finally . A little truth . Pete , I have been trying to make sense of these stories for years . Don 't shut me out now . Okay , look , whatever you think you 're onto , or whatever you think you saw , you 're wrong . Okay ? Urban legends . Modern folklore . Just go away . Agent Lattimer . May I have a word ? Uh ... A senator who had no idea about the Warehouse yesterday is today calling the White House and asking about it . Oh , God , Mr. Kosan , I 'm so sorry . Ms. Stanley works for a company that has a great deal of influence . They 're pressuring the senator to grant them access to our facility . Well , can they do that ? Can 't Mrs. Frederic just make it go away ? Mrs. Frederic is on her way to Washington now , but there are no guarantees . [ Sighs ] The Warehouse has always had a delicate relationship with the government that hosts it . All right , well , don 't the regents have a plan for this sort of thing ? We do . It 's very messy . And borders on treason . Yeah . Maybe we don 't want to go there just yet . There is an alternative , but it relies on you . M-me ? Haven 't I done enough ? What do your vibes tell you ? That I 'm in a heap of trouble . Not about you . About her . Yeah . Yeah , she 's okay . She 's a good egg . Is she smart ? Yeah , she 's very smart . She 's almost Myka smart . Hmm . Then perhaps we need to consider another option . I can 't believe I 'm saying this , but welcome to Warehouse 13 . [ Majestic music ] ♪ Artie does that a lot better . [ Man screaming ] [ Screaming continues ] Try to breathe . I 'm calling 9-1-1 . [ Groaning ] Okay , I-I-I 'm getting help , so just hang on . Uh , everything 's gonna be fine . Trust me , okay ? I 'm the only one that can help him . Just tell me what he touched . - Uh ... - [ Groaning ] Everything but the chicken . [ Laughing ] How big is this place ? I have no idea . I 've worked here for three years , and I have yet to see a wall , so- - How long has it been here ? Uh , I don 't know . About a hundred years . But--but Warehouses like it have--have existed for way longer . I mean , like , since , like , Alexander The Great . It 's incredible . The things in here- - I mean , it can- - we could extend life . We could cure disease . You could end hunger and misery . Uh , yeah , the thing is , Deb , what you 're looking at , all this stuff , I mean , it 's thousands of years of people doing the smartest thing they could do , and that 's locking it all away , because it all has a downside , and it 's usually pretty nasty . Everything has a downside . Come on . Fire has a downside . We just have to learn how to control it . Yeah , but this can 't be controlled . I mean , it 's not science . Science isn 't science until it is . Isaac Newton believed in the occult . Albert Einstein refused to accept quantum mechanics . We still don 't even know what all of our DNA does . Why is everyone so convinced that the age of great discovery is over ? Okay . [ Chuckles ] This sounds like more than a drug exec talking . Why is this so important to you ? My dad had Parkinson 's . He was a brilliant man , and his body betrayed him . In the end , he couldn 't walk . He couldn 't speak . What if you 've got something in here that could help others like him before it 's too late for them ? Okay , come on . I want to show you something . This artifact ... could have cured your dad . But to use it , you have to give the disease to someone else . This raincoat , uh , it boosts your immunity to the point that nothing can hurt you , but it turns you into a serial killer . Okay , so we- - we don 't use those . It 's not that simple , Deb . Okay ? There are things here that- - that could wipe out a country or start a famine . I mean , how do we tell the world about some of it and keep the rest a secret ? I know your heart 's in the right place , but what about your boss ? I mean , will he always do the right thing ? I mean , isn 't his job to think about money first ? What if--what if he has friends that--that build weapons or want to control governments for " all the right reasons " ? Will those guys always do the right thing ? Can you promise me that ? Can you take that risk ? - He touched a lot of it . - [ Groaning ] We--we don 't have time for this , okay ? Just--just narrow it down for me . Where was he standing last ? Uh , he was standing at that batch . [ Screaming ] [ Suspenseful music ] ♪ Rodos . Rhodes . People- - people growing . The--the Colossus ! He scraped the inside of that bowl for a surface sample . Must have sped up the effect . Just--just cover your eyes . [ Zapping and crackling ] What the hell was that ? It was nothing . Nothing at all . Just , um , you know , tell- - tell your friend , uh , drink a lot of water . Tell me exactly what the evil is that will be released , and maybe I can stop it . [ Electronic buzzing ] We 're going to find the threshold , you know . You 've gotten into the Warehouse for the last time . I have other artifacts . And I 'll keep using them until you restore the day you erased with the astrolabe . You might want to rethink that . If I restored the other timeline ... you 'd be dead . Well , then , that 's the natural order of things . I 've dedicated myself to eradicating evil , and if sacrificing my life is what it takes , I 'm willing to do that . [ Eerie music ] There . Artie , we found the threshold . Gonna take us a minute to get to it . [ Clattering ] Oh ! Careful . Got it . [ Clattering ] [ Suspenseful music ] ♪ You 've spent your life containing evil . You know that I 'm right about this . I can see that you 're afraid of it . Don 't talk to me about my life . You know nothing about me . I know everything about you . And I 'm going to keep dismantling your life until you comply , erasing every good deed you ever did , isolating you from everyone you 've ever cared about . [ Softly ] Everyone I care about . Everyone I care ... [ Farnsworth beeps ] Claudia ! Steve , stop ! Do not- - Don 't move ! Can you hear me ? [ Static ] [ Suspenseful music ] ♪ Claudia ! Claudia , Steve ! [ Suspenseful music ] ♪ Breathe , Obi Wan . We heard you . We found a trip wire , so we tripped it . On purpose . Thanks for the heads-up , Artie . Yeah . I-I-I was afraid that you were buried alive again . What ? - Uh , what ? - Again ? Why do you only listen to me when I don 't want you to ? Oh , good . Thanks again for coming , Senator . This had better be worth it , Gil . I 'm missing two important votes on the floor . Oh , trust me , Don , you 'll be glad I showed you this . My associate assures me it 's a phenomenon . This way , gentlemen . Welcome ... to storage space six . This ? This is the secret government stash that 's gonna blow the lid off Washington ? [ Toy whizzes ] If I were you , Gil , I 'd fire my associate and find someone who 's not gonna waste my time and make you look like an idiot . So Myka says the artifact was a marble bowl . Looks like it was carved from the ruins of the Colossus of Rhodes . She also talked to the people at the hospital . I guess everybody there is okay . Good . Well , maybe one of them is hiring , 'cause I 'm pretty sure I just got myself fired . Yeah . Sorry about that . So what made you change your mind ? Did I--did I charm you again , or- - I saw the rod of Asclepius down there . That 's the original , huh ? Oh , yeah . [ Chuckles ] That baby almost took off my hand one time . It 's an interesting story . We were in Egypt , and- - Hippocratic oath . You know , that 's my dad 's oath . First , do no harm . So I think probably the best no harm I can do is to help keep this place secret . Ms. Stanley . Agent Lattimer , would you excuse us ? Oh , uh , well ... Yeah . Are--are you- - are you gonna erase her memory ? If you don 't remember me , when you hear , " hey , hey , hey " - - - Agent . - Yes . [ Clears throat ] Thank you for your assistance today . After I caused the whole problem . We 'll call it a learning curve . You don 't strike me as government issue . What is your part in all of this ? I 'm a member of what you might call a civilian oversight board . We 're known as the Regents . You 're the ones who decided to let me in on this today . We rely heavily on the input of our agents . Well , Pete 's a really good guy , you know . You should hang on to him . We intend to . When someone tries as hard as you did to find the Warehouse and then shows considerable wisdom in their actions , perhaps they 're meant to be part of what we do . Sometimes that 's how we find new regents . Might that interest you ? Yes . Yeah . Mm-hmm . Well , you know , uh ... It might , you know . Good . Then we 'll continue our discussions . And time will tell . Put that down . Oh . [ Glass shatters ] [ Laughs ] [ Majestic music ] ♪ You were great . All right , so the big bad brother is on the run . It 's time to apply pressure , right ? Right , now he can 't get into the Warehouse anymore- - Hold it , hold it . Hold it , hold it , hold it . You were right , I was handling too much for myself , and I did need your help , so thanks . - That 's why we 're here . - And here comes the- - But there is still a part of this I can 't tell you because even knowing about it would put people in danger . So this is where your involvement ends . You are done . Understood ? - But Artie- - - Okay . We 're not done , are we ? Not by a mile . [ Light knocking ] [ Ominous music ] ♪ I presumed you 'd rather we speak alone . You presumed right . Did you find the knife ? I have a few leads . There 's something we need to discuss first . Something that 's been on my mind . What would that be ? When you pled on my behalf to the Regents , I understand you spoke with great certainty that I would lay down my life for the Warehouse . Uh , yes , well , I 'm a good judge of character . Yes , you are . But are you also a good judge of wheelchairs ? You quite suddenly knew that Mr. Sykes had brought a bomb with him and precisely where it was hidden . Do you know how long I 've been doing this job ? I had an instinct . Artie , if there 's one subject I 'm rather a world-class expert on , it 's time travel . Bit of an unhealthy obsession once , really . And the more I 've thought about it , the more I 'm convinced it 's the only explanation for your behavior . - N-no , it 's not . - You knew things the rest of us couldn 't because you 've been ahead in time and come back again .
