 It 's been a long time since I 've been to this part of the country . You know they got a town around here that 's actually got a law against parading a goose down Main Street ? So don 't get any big ideas . JAKE : We can 't help but wonder how much difference one person makes in the world . We look inside ourselves , questioning if we have the capacity for heroism and greatness . But the truth is , every time we take an action , we make an impact . Every single thing we do has an effect on the people around us . Every choice we make sends ripples out into the world . Our smallest acts of kindness can cause a chain reaction of unforeseen benefits for people we 've never met . We might not witness those results , but they happen all the same . You 're listening to Golden Voice Oliver on 670 AM , wishing you and yours an exceptional morning . Reminding you that today is Community Service Day . Take a moment today to reach out to others , to help someone , to help make this world a better place . That goes for you , Margaret , out in Williamette , who called in today with a simple song request . Hold on , buddy . Nothing . Buddy , look , I know you 're hungry , but if we can just stay on the road a little longer . ( alarm chirps ) Tire pressure ? How is that possible ? ( tire thudding ) Damn it ! MAN : Nell , are you here ? Back from your meeting already ? Yeah , it was much shorter than I expected . And I thought I 'd better tell you this news in person . Simon , you 're not fired , are you ? Quite the opposite . I told them that after these three new accounts have opened in Iraq , I wanted to stay in one place for a while . They turned around and offered me a promotion . It 's in Paris . Paris ? Yeah . It 's a one-year contract , to open up a new branch of our company there . I 'll be supervising 67 people . So you mean moving . Yes , but I wouldn 't have to travel anymore . I 'd be based in one city . We 'd actually get to see each other every night , every weekend . When do you have to decide ? Well , it 's not my decision . It 's our decision . I want you to be happy . I know you do . Okay , let me make some calls , find out what kind of housing allowance we get . Okay . BOY : Quester 's Log . The time has come for me to become a man so that I can contribute to my family in its time of need . But reading about Fellowships does not a Ranger make . I must venture out and brave the wilderness alone . Here , I will survive on my own for a full seven days . And when I finish my Survivor Quest , my parents will see they no longer have to worry about me , and that I am capable of more than they know . Quester 's Log out . I wonder how the hell that happened . Can I help you ? Hey , you look a lot like this fellow that used to live around here , Martin Bohm , only a hell of a lot older and beat to crap . You got a lot of nerve coming back here , I 'll give you that . Nice to see you , too , Brayden . Look , we 're just passing through . If I could just get some air for my tire , we 'll be on our way . Air is for customers . Right . Well , while we 're here , ( alarm chirps ) we might as well get some gas . Jake ? Jake , give me the keys . Jake , no ! Wait ! Are you kidding me ? ! Welcome back ! I wish I could help you . Brayden , it 's not brain surgery . I lost my keys . I need to have another set made . This can 't be the first time this has ever happened . You lost your keys ? 'Cause it looked a lot like your kid threw ' em away . Are you telling me that there isn 't a single locksmith in this entire town ? That 's Lanford . But he 's out on a run in his tow truck . Well , can I have his number , please ? It 's right up there . Thank you . ( sighs ) My phone is locked in the car . Can I use yours ? Knock yourself out . OLIVER : Somebody actually just e-mailed me a list of 67 Good Deeds to Change the World , something inspired by Nelson Mandela . ( phone rings ) Now if you 're out there and you 're wondering , " What can I do to help ? " Well , I got a couple thoughts right here . One thing you can do , you can actually organize a litter cleanup in your area . Hi , my name is Martin Bohm . I 'm at Brayden 's Garage . I lost my keys . I need to have another set made . If you can get back to me as soon as possible , I 'd really appreciate it . Thank you . Be gentle , son . She 's a classic . Henry ? Martin ? ( chuckles ) Martin Bohm ? What are you doing in town ? We just pulled off the highway . Flat tire . Flat tire ? That 's it ? You 're not here for a visit ? No , just passing through . This is some coincidence , you and I in the same gas station . Yeah , some coincidence . Henry , I want you to meet my son . This is Jake . Jake , this is Henry . He was my first boss here at the local paper . He inspired me to become a reporter . By " inspired " he means " tortured him " with quotes from the A.P. Stylebook . ( Martin chuckles ) Jake ! He doesn 't talk . HENRY : Well , makes a big improvement over you , doesn 't it ? Well , it 's good to see you , Martin . Let 's get coffee the next time you 're in town . Well , what about now ? It 's gonna be a while before we can leave . Well , I don 't know what it was like for you at the New York Herald , but at my little paper , you gotta stay on the clock if you 're gonna make a living . Thanks for ringing me out , son . Good to see you . It was great to see you , Henry . You want to keep your kid away from the car ? MARTIN : Jake , what are you doing ? I don 't know much about cars , but this doesn 't look right . Whoa . Brake lines are cut clean through . You sure ? Pretty old car . They couldn 't have just worn out ? You 're right , you don 't know much about cars . Jake , I 'll be right back . Mr. Williams , this is Brayden at the repair shop . Call me as soon as you get this . You really think they were cut ? Jake and I can walk down to the newspaper office . You go find Mr. Williams , get him back here as soon as possible . This was no accident . I used to go to that place around 3 : 00 a.m. Half-price pizza slices . You 'll eat anything when you 're facing a deadline . Back in the day , you couldn 't even get a parking spot on this street . The college is still here . Okay , here we are , buddy . You know what ? There 's another entrance around the corner . Come on . Beth ? Martin ? What are you doing here ? We were on the interstate and got a flat . When we got into town , my keys went missing . I was looking for Henry . I didn 't think I 'd find you . Well , I work here now . As a writer ? No , I 'm a office manager . I have been ever since you left . I guess Henry got so used to me hanging around while you were here , he just decided to put me on the payroll . Hello there . I 'm sorry . This is my son Jake . Don 't expect too much conversation , he communicates in his own way . Jake , this is Beth Young . Oh , Cooper . Oh , of course . Beth and I were friends when I lived here . Hi , Jake . Is Henry around ? He wasn 't when I stepped out for coffee ... I haven 't seen him all day . You want to come in and see where your daddy used to work ? - Is that all right ? - Yeah . MARTIN : Thank you . BETH : Henry taught me how to keep the books , and gave me a job when half the town was out of work . How long after I left did the mill close ? A couple years maybe . The good news is we have Western Pacific Glass Company now , and they 're expanding . So we 've got construction sites all over town . So the place is coming back . That 's good to hear . Hey ... what do know about the story Henry 's working on now ? Why ? I ran into him over at the garage . Brayden was working on his car . After Henry left , Brayden found something . Said he thought that someone cut the brake lines . Oh , my God . Would someone really want to hurt Henry ? I can 't even imagine that . This is a small town . ( speed-dialing phone ) He 's not answering . Henry , it 's Beth . Give me a call , please . Does Henry still keep his notes in shorthand ? Uh , yeah , but ... I can 't read them . I can . Look ... if someone 's really trying to hurt Henry because of a story he 's writing , I need to read his notes . You 'd have the key to his office , right ? Would you care for some lunch ? I 'm not hungry , thanks . I called the company , they 're gonna pay for the move , and housing allowance for the first three months . Oh , that 's good news . - Yeah , it is . - Yeah ... Are you all right ? Yes . I was just feeling a little under the weather , but nothing serious . Listen ... we don 't have to talk about Paris now . No , no . We should . I 'm proud of you . It 's a big opportunity . Well , it is for both of us , Nell . We could start again . I love you ... and I want ... I love you , too . ( sighs ) ( low growling ) What do we say to our enemies ? Not today ! Hey , buddy . You found a couple more . Thank you . - Can you make sense of it ? - Yeah . Henry created his own shorthand , first thing he ever taught me . I used this on every story I ever broke at the Herald . Please tell me you told him that . He has a drawer full of clippings . Every article with your name on it . Yeah . You thought I was heartbroken when you left ? He took it just about as hard . I 'm sorry . - No . - I-I shouldn 't ... It 's okay . Henry wanted the same thing you did . He was proud of you . I must 've thought about calling Henry a thousand times . Then after a while , I just got embarrassed that I hadn 't . Always thought I 'd get around to it . Then my wife died , and ... I gave up everything to take care of Jake . The truth is , I haven 't written anything in years . What is that ? BETH : These ... look like chemical tests . " Maple . Bristol . Anita . " Uh , those are all streets on my side of town . These are all addresses . One of them has to lead to Henry 's source . Look , I 'm not the most popular person in this town . ( chuckles ) Maybe you could come with me . Maybe I could . ( birds chirping ) MAN : Is somebody there ? Please ! Help me ! Please , help me . Help me . Your leg is really messed up . It might be broken . Oh , man . What are you doing out here by yourself ? A deer ran in front of my truck . I clipped it . I saw it hobble off into the woods , so I went after it to see if I could help , but then ... My ... ah , my heart started pounding , and ... everything went dark . I must have fallen down the hill . I woke when I heard you scream . It was a battle cry . Sounded like a scream . ( groans ) Okay , we need to get you to a doctor . Can you walk ? - I can try . - Okay . Come on . ( groans ) ( groans ) Okay . ( grunts ) Do you know which way the road is ? Nope , I 'm a little turned around . Okay , the moss on that tree says this way is north . Come on . ( clattering ) Looks like someone 's home . Jake , you stay right with me . MARTIN : Nick Fowler ? - Who 's asking ? BETH : - I 'm Beth Cooper . We may have met . Um , you work at the glass company ? Yeah . Oh , so does my husband . Travis ? He 's heading up the new construction ? - This is my friend Martin Bohm . - Hi . That 's some burn you 've got there . What can I do for you ? We are looking for Henry Williams . - Why would I know where he is ? - Oh , we were going through his notes , your name and address came up . - We were just wondering why . - I don 't know what that son of a bitch is up to , but it 's got nothing to do with me . - Now get off my property , or I 'll call the cops . - Okay , it 's all right . Sorry . Come on , Jake , we gotta go . What was that ? I don 't know . But he was scared . Did you see the burn on his arm ? Henry 's source must have led him here . Hell , he might even be Henry 's source . He said he worked for the glass company , right ? Well , to manufacture glass , you need toxic chemicals , corrosives . So you think Nick was burned on the job ? I don 't know . The bigger question is what could Henry possibly be writing about that would make someone want to hurt him ? Even kill him ? Money ? The conditions at the plant ? I don 't believe that . It can 't be happening again . ( glass shatters , tires squealing ) Jake ! Jake ! Oh , my God ! " Stop asking questions . " Someone 's watching his house . OLIVER : And you 're listening to 670 AM . Next up , a tune that takes me way back . BETH : Okay , thank you so much . Uh , the police are sending a car to take a report . Okay , good , when they get here , I think it 's time we tell them about Henry . Yeah , I think you 're right . Thanks for having us in your house . Oh , of course . It looks like Jake has made a new friend . Wow . ( chuckles ) Don 't worry , Charlie is great with kids . Lemonade ? - That 'd be great . - ( chuckles ) How many kids do you have ? Two- - Sam and Mia- - but usually it 's more like a circus . You always wanted two . You remember . - There 's a lot of things I remember . - ( pouring ) So how is New York , Martin ? Is it everything you always thought it would be ? Yes and no . ( sets down glass ) Do you know how hard it was for me to leave here ? I know how hard it was to watch you go . I look around here at your house , you . It 's a nice life . Yeah , it is . Can 't help but wonder what it might have been like if I hadn 't left . I 'm , I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . Hey , buddy . Beth , Mrs. Huffman saw you driving with a blown out window and called me at work . What the hell happened ? - Are you okay ? - No , no , I 'm fine , everything is fine . The police are on their way . I was with Martin . Martin ? Martin Bohm ? Hi , Travis . What are you doing here ? Henry 's gone missing . Someone was tampering with his car . Beth was just trying to help me find him . I think you should leave . No , no , Martin 's only trying to help . Come on , Beth , can 't you see , he shows up and all this stuff starts happening ? He 's making a mess because that 's what he does . - No . - But you don 't stick around long enough to clean up after , do you ? - Travis . - No , he 's right . - We should leave . - No , Henry could be in real danger . Can I talk to you for a minute , please ? I 'm s ... ( whispering ) : I 'm sorry . ( sighs ) He wants to move to Paris . How do you feel about that ? I , um , I don 't think it 's very practical . No , we ... own a lot of stuff , and the storage costs would be prohibitive . You 've spoken in , in our sessions before about leaving London , getting a fresh start in another city . Yes . No more beautiful a city than Paris . Yes , but we live here . I mean , what are we gonna do with her things ? You know , her furniture , her dolls . We 'd have to move them . We 'd have to ... box them up and ship them and set them up in another room in another apartment in another country . And that doesn 't make much sense , does it ? Have you told Simon how you 're feeling ? ( quietly ) No . He 's ... He 's ready to move on . Simon loves you . He 'll wait . He shouldn 't ... because I realize ... I 'm never going to move past this . What are you saying ? I 'm gonna ask Simon for a separation so he can move on with his life without me holding him back . Now , perhaps you should take some time to think about it , hmm ? Well , nothing 's gonna change . We were a family , parents of a child that we created together , and we can 't go back to being two people . Simon said ... we can 't just be the sadness that 's between us . And he 's right . ( groaning ) I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . It 's okay . - No , I-I 'm useless . - No , son . I 'm supposed to be out here proving myself , and it 's just the opposite . My parents , they need help . My dad 's out of work , and they 're worried about money . That 's not for you to deal with . Y-You 're just a kid . That 's what they said . I guess they were right . - I 'm worthless . - Hey , you knew that moss thing ; I didn 't know that . Really ? Okay , I might have , but I 'd kind of forgotten it . The moss doesn 't help us unless we can find the road . Man , I should 've left the bow and arrow at home and brought a GPS and a cell phone . ( man talking in distance ) Some Doritos . Hang on . You hear that ? OLIVER : I was out of a girlfriend , out of a house ... I think that 's my radio . Things were not looking rosy for good ol ' Oliver . - I had this golden voice ... - Okay , okay , come on . ... but nobody was there to hear it , and that 's when a relative stranger reached out to me in public and changed my life forever . - ( phone ringing ) - TRAVIS : What is he doing here ? - BETH : He 's trying to help Henry . - TRAVIS : Did he know Henry was in trouble when he showed up at the house ? - Did he show up at the house ? - No , he came to the paper . Henry , where the hell are you ? Who 's this ? It 's Martin . I need Beth . Someone took two of my notebooks right off my desk . Yeah , someone just threw a brick through Beth 's windshield . Is she okay ? Yeah , she 's fine . Henry , I 've got your notes . I know about the story . The police are on their way over . You need to tell them what you have . No , no , no , no . Uh ... I go to the police , I 'll lose my source . Then knock down some other doors , Henry . Get another source . Someone cut the break lines to your car . This has gone too far . You need to go to the police . No . Look , um , come to the newspaper . Bring the journals . - I 'll tell you everything . - Henry ... ( beeps ) H-Hello ? Hello ? Who was that ? Henry . Look , I 'm sorry I used your phone . His name came up on the caller ID . He doesn 't want us to talk to the police . He wants me to go down and meet him at the paper . He said he 'd explain everything . Okay , well , go . I 'll take care of Jake . He can stay here with me ; I can reach you at the paper if I need to . Thanks , but I don 't think that 's a very good idea . I 'm so sorry about everything . Hey , buddy , come on , we got to go . Jake , we need to go now . You said yourself , he has his own way of communicating . Looks like he wants to stay . You really think it 'd be all right ? Yeah , it 'll be fine . Jake ? I have to take care of something . I want you to stay here and do what Beth tells you . I 'll be back soon . Thanks . Our finest hour . 35 years on this rag , it 's still the best piece of journalism we ever ran . What are you working on , Henry ? Bastards are getting desperate . Henry , this is serious . If someone 's trying to hurt you , you need to go to the police . What happened to that know-it-all kid who wouldn 't leave me alone until I gave him a seat at the typewriter ? As I remember , I told you if you wanted a job here , there was only one way to earn it , by putting ... The truth above everything else . I remember , Henry . Couple of weeks back , I got a phone call from an employee of the Western Pacific Glass Company . He said there 'd been a chemical spill at one of their new sites . The measurements in your journal , they 're soil samples . I found traces of hydrochloric acid and arsenic . You have any idea what that will do when it hits the groundwater ? Don 't you see , this is just like before . Greedy bastards putting people at risk just to make a few dollars . If I call the police , my source will be spooked . It 's over . Look at me , Martin . Look at this office . This is where I have spent half my life , and now I 'm writing about band concerts and bake-offs . I 'm not you ; I didn 't get the call from the New York Herald . This is a name-making story . And you and I both know it 's my last one . And I am so close . How close ? That 's my boy . ( chuckles ) My source at the company , he 's got documents , memos , all the proofs I need to make this story run . The problem is he can 't risk leaving the site with them , and I sure as hell can 't be walking in there . But you can . ( chuckles ) You 're serious ? Okay , Henry . I 'll do this for you . But then you publish the story or you go to the police . You got to promise me . I promise . The site is near Cherry Valley Road just off the 67 . Ask for the foreman . His name is Louis . Just like old times . Yeah . See you in a little while . ( sighs ) Hello ? Anybody here ? Louis , Henry sent me . It 's okay . TRAVIS : Martin . What the hell are you doing here ? Are you following me ? I was heading out , you set off the silent alarm . First I find you in my house with my wife , and now you 're breaking into one of my sites ? You don 't want to do this , Travis . What I want is pretty clear right now . Is this how you tried to intimidate Nick Fowler ? What are you talking about ? He reached out to Henry after he was burned from the chemical runoff that your company 's trying to put in the ground . Nick Fowler quit his job a week ago before I could fire him for being insubordinate and lazy . If he got burned on the job , he never reported it . You honestly expect me to believe you ? You want to see his productivity reports ? I got a cabinet full of them . OLIVER : Got a lost and found announcement . These car keys were found inside a recycling truck by members of Mr. Christy 's eight grade field trip class . They were there sorting cans today . If you 're missing a pair of keys , please stop by the 670 AM station at any time . - I 'll be spinning here live . - Almost there . My cell phone 's on the dash . Dial 911 . - The battery 's dead . - Oh , no . You 're gonna have to drive . I don 't know how to drive . My dad won 't even let me use the lawn mower . When I was your age , I was driving a combine over 50 acres of farmland . You want to prove yourself , get behind the wheel . You can do it , son . Come on . ( groans ) Nick Fowler was never injured on the job . That doesn 't make sense . You want to explain why someone threw a brick through my wife 's window ? Henry 's working on a story . Obviously , he 's threatened someone . Beth works for Henry . They were sending a message . How did you even find this site ? Who told you to come here ? Henry did . He gave me the address . 48 Redwood . That 's the same handwriting . Same paper . Oh , my God . How many construction sites do you have in the town ? Five , why ? - These are them ? - Yep . Where are we now ? Here . The farthest away , isolated . 67 . You need to get me here now . We 're talking with the lovely Colleen from Willamette . Colleen , how are you doing today ? Hi , DJ Oliver . I was at the airport today , and I found this phone with pink bears on it , um , with a bunch of videos from people all over the world . So , I decided to do one of your good deeds challenges . I 'm going to make a friend from another culture . Good deed number 67 , right on . Change the world one friend at a time . What 's your plan , Colleen ? Uh , well , I 'm e-mailing my picture to some Japanese girls who have their Web site video on this phone . I told them if they 're ever in Oregon , I will take them to our classic vinyl store and buy them an LP . ( laughs ) I 'll let you know if they hit me back . _ _ _ _ _ ELECTRONIC VOICE : Excuse me . Photo , please . I 'm sorry ? Oh . Of course . Whoop . - Oh . - It 's all right . I 've just not eaten anything all day . - Hey . - Okay , right . ( giggles ) Here we go . Three , two ... ( screaming ) _ - Excuse me ? - Help ! Help ! Help ! MARTIN : I 'll be right back . Now I know why you needed your notes back . Martin . What are you doing here ? You know , when we were breaking the story about the toxic levels of asbestos in the mill , they tried to pay me off , too , remember ? Right before we went to print , I got the call . They said if I was willing to bury the story , and hand over all my notes , they 'd give me a bag of cash . Thing is , I told you ... immediately . ( laughing ) : Oh , listen , you 've got this all wrong . Nick Fowler isn 't your source . He 's your partner . The two of you are extorting money from West Pacific Glass . I have proof that Fowler was about to be fired right before he injured himself staging that fake chemical spill . That 's when he came to you with the idea , the story , hoping you could do again what you did all those years back- - make the company pay . Except this time , the money was for you . Henry , how could you do this ? Wrong question . The real question is why I waited so long . 35 years . Acting like what I do makes a bit of difference in the world . Watching other people get their piece , not giving a damn about anyone but themselves . Henry , this is fraud and extortion . The company hasn 't done anything illegal . This town won 't survive it . You taught me everything I know . Hell , you 're the reason I became a reporter . What are you now , Martin ? When I first figured this out , I thought there had to be some kind of a mistake , that you couldn 't possibly do something like this . ( engine starting ) Now you know the truth . Kid , be careful ! Be careful ! - Okay . Okay . Okay . - Watch it ! Henry ! What the hell ? ! - Crap ! - Oh , God . - Hit the brakes ! The brakes ! - ( horn honking ) Watch out ! Watch out ! No , not the gas . The brakes ! ( panting ) Are you okay ? Don 't do this to me , Martin . I 'm not doing this to you . You did this to yourself . ( groans ) ( sighs ) 20 years ago , we did this for the right reasons , and now , you 're doing it for money , and you don 't even care about the people you hurt . Who are you ? I 'm the guy that made you a newspaperman , believed in you . I gave you money so you could move to New York . Taught you everything you needed to know about being a reporter . ( vehicles approaching ) You 're right . You did . Truth above everything , right , Harry ? Truth above everything . ( car door slams shut ) This is the money he was trying to extort from Pacific West Glass . ( scoffs ) Please just take me back to your house so I can get my son . I 'll be out of your way . Sure thing . Sir , you need to come with us . Is she all right ? Nobody would tell me anything on the phone . I went to the cafe , and you weren 't there . They said you left in an ambulance . - What happened ? MAN : - Not to worry . She 's right as rain . A bump on the head is all she 's got . The baby 's fine , as well . What did you say ? Were you not aware that you 're pregnant ? I heard a rather distinctive heartbeat while you were still unconscious . Here . Have a listen . ( heart beating ) Oh , my God , Nell . Are you sure ? Quite sure . 167 beats per minute . A good strong baby . Nell , why didn 't you tell me ? I didn 't know . ( laughing ) : I didn 't know . ( laughs ) Oh , Nell , I love you . I love you , too . You know you did a good thing for us , right ? Western Pacific Glass is gonna bring a lot of jobs to this town . No , that 's not what I 'm talking about . I 'm talking about that article you wrote 20 years ago , the one that got the steel mill cleaned up . Yeah , and shut down . Everybody lost their jobs . Yeah . Yeah , I was one of those guys . How is that a good thing ? Well , when I was out of work , I had to take a construction job on a home remodel . And it was a house owned by one of Beth 's friends . That 's how Beth and I met . If you hadn 't written that newspaper article , I never would have met her . Not to mention , you know , people died at that mill because of the conditions . As much as we wanted someone to blame , you were right . Thank you . They say everything happens for a reason . You believe that ? ( laughs quietly ) I 'm starting to . BETH : Jake ? Jake ? Jake ? Jake ? Oh , I am so sorry . He sat perfectly still the entire time you were gone , and then he just got up - and walked out . - He does that . Hey , buddy . Where 'd you find these ? We heard an announcement on the radio about your car keys . I called the station and got ' em back for you . Thank you . - Jake ? - Come on . I 'll give you and your dad a ride back to the garage . ( laughs ) Hey . Be happy . You , too . JAKE : The point where all things were possible . The moment when a choice was made , or an action taken . The breath inhaled before a first step forward . And the most lasting chain reactions that are started by those moments and actions and choices ... are always the ones that are started by love .
