 Narrator : Tonight on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... Whoa ! That 's crazy . We might have some actual evidence here of a real ufo . Talk to me , bill . Oh , whoa . That 's creepy . Whether it 's a hoax or whether it 's an e.T. Craft , The verdict is still out . [ chuckles ] Look at it go ! All : Oh ! I don 't have a visual . I have no idea what 's going on . The camera went out . All of our equipment is failing . What is going on out there ? Launch ! [ laughing ] oh ! Oh , my goodness ! There 's a flying saucer . I 'm getting a series of lights right there . Are you seeing what I am seeing ? What the heck is happening ? Right there , devin . Hey . Good morning . Ben , how 's it going ? What 's happening , ben ? You guys all remember Lanisha , Our newest member . Yes . Welcome to the fray . What I have for you is a really famous ufo case . Supposedly , it was smuggled out . Of the white sands missile range . Now , 1996 , this video surfaces , And it depicts what looks like a cylindrical glowing object . And it strikes the ground and glances off . Like it was trying to actually take off again . Whoa ! What the ... Glances back up , goes into the air . Watch the arc . It 's almost like it 's powered , Like it 's trying to take off again , but it can 't . Look at the oval shape . Lanisha : It 's moving pretty fast . Whoa ! That 's crazy . Devin : I mean , it even looks like a saucer-shaped thing , And it just explodes . Even though white sands is a rocket-testing facility , It doesn 't really look like a rocket . The shape doesn 't quite match . White sands is 200 miles away from roswell . The area is known to have a really strong ufo history . Do we have anybody to talk to about this video ? We could probably find some people . Who are expert in the history of white sands . If we can find an expert we can talk to , Then we should go for it . Okay . Who wants to go next ? Devin : What I have for you guys today is a video . And it was shot at the edge of a small garden pool in eugene , oregon . A man discovered this plant that looked like . It was something out of " little shop of horrors . " Check this out . [ laughs ] look at that . Oh , that is creepy . When I talked to the videographer , He said the plant he saw was 5 to 6 inches high . He found it and he videotaped it , But then , when he went back later , it was gone . I call c.G.I. I mean , couldn 't you just do this with computer graphics ? Come on . You can clearly see it . It could also be animatronic . Devin : If it is c.G. , that 's very good and professional c.G. Ben : I think it 's good c.G. However , when they 're trying to anchor the image here , Take a look at these roots . As you move here , look how they shift right here . Ohh . Ohh . Ohh . Ohh . You see that ? This is awesome . We 've never seen a case like this before . All right , guys , in June of 2010 , A local habitat for humanity store captured . Some really unusual footage on one of its security cameras . First the store 's alarm system was triggered . Then you see what appears to be a ghostly blur . Travel out the back door , down the stairs , And through the alley . Check it out . You see ? Right away . Right there . Yes , I see it . Austin : There it is , right by the stairs . Ben : It looks like some type of translucent being or entity . That comes out the door and then goes around , Down the corner , down the alley . Jael : This thing , whatever it is , had enough physicality . To set off the alarm system . It could be some sort of an insect , maybe on the lens . The lens wasn 't actually exposed . It 's locked off behind a glass casing . What if it was a spider inside the glass casing ? If it was a spider . And it 's really close to the motion detector , It could have tripped the alarm . I think it 'd be interesting to test some of those theories and actually prove it . Okay . Well , let 's put that aside for now , and let 's move on . So , bill , what video do you have today ? Bill : It was the middle of the night . When Keith Engel was in the abandoned Tonopah cemetery . Exploring the history of a local mining disaster . When he caught this eerie video on his full-spectrum camera . Oh ! Whoa ! It 's on the left side . Whoa ! [ laughing ] whoa ! Whoa . What the ... it looks like it just disappears all of a sudden . Bill , what are those boxes that keep showing up on the frame ? On these full-spectrum cameras , You can enable motion tracking , So if there 's movement , it 'll put that box around it . Can 't that just be a person that 's walking through the cemetery ? But look at it . You see the apparition clearly form ... And then disappear . Yeah , whole history of this location ... I mean , this is the 100th anniversary , to the day , Of the mining disaster . That took the lives of the local miners . And they 're buried there . Ben : Well , what do you guys think about it ? We have a witness . It 's great footage , extremely testable . I mean , this has everything we need for a solid investigation . Okay . Well , we 've seen all the videos today . Let 's review . I know there were some favorites . I really liked the habitat for humanity video . And also Tonopah . I have some really interesting ideas for the Tonopah case . Austin : I say we do Tonopah . You have a great witness . The footage is extremely testable . I mean , it has everything we 're looking for in a great case . I 'm gonna have to say that the history and the secrecy . Behind the white sands ufo is definitely really cool . Yeah . That definitely gets my vote . This is one of the best videos . Of what looks like a ghostly apparition that I 've ever seen . It sounds like I 'm hearing Tonopah and white sands . How about I take devin and jael with me , And we 'll go to white sands , new mexico . And , lanisha , austin , and bill ... Tonopah , nevada . Here we go . Lanisha : Ready . Sounds good ? Yes . Let 's do this . All right . Let 's go , guys . Ben : White sands , new mexico , guys . I 've never been here before . And the white sands missile range ... They 're continuously testing new weapons , new missiles . Look at this . We 're right on the outskirts . And we 're looking at one of the most controversial . And famous ufo-footage cases ever filmed . Many people believe that this is secret government footage . Of an actual ufo crash that was leaked to the public . Although it 's degraded , the footage is still spectacular . You got a large , bright , disk-shaped object . It 's hurtling through the air . And when it hits the ground , it actually bounces back up . Yeah , like , skips . Skips . When it comes back down , it completely disintegrates . Now , white sands has been rumored to be a place . Where the government has back-engineered alien technology . The white sands ufo connection predates this video . Roswell is only 200 miles away , after all . And one of the researchers who knows a lot about that connection ... Roswell and white sands ... is james fox . He 's a documentary filmmaker . He 's a ufo researcher . I want to know what he thinks about this particular video . [ laughing ] so do I. Hi ! Hey , james . Ben hansen . This is amazing . We 're standing just right outside . The white sands missile range . James : This is the largest military installation in the United States . Now , we know that white sands is implicated . A lot in ufology research , right ? With the dawn of the atomic age came the modern ufo age . And so , of course , roswell , new mexico , Is just a couple hundred miles away . They had the 509th bomb squadron , The people responsible for the deployment of atomic weapons . So there 's a lot of activity vis-à-vis the atomic age . Right here , and those were linked to ufo sightings . Now , what can you tell us about our ufo video . That we have today ? Well , first of all , I think one of the reasons why it 's so popular is , A lot of people always complain that ufo videos . Are just these ambiguous , blurry lights off in the distance . And , you know , here we have something in focus . And if you look at it carefully , You actually see the trajectory changing . So it looks like the object . Is trying to pull out of a dive , to me . So it 's under control , either remotely or there 's occupants in there . I don 't know . And it skips . And then when it re-hits , it explodes . It 's a jaw-dropper . It is . James , in your opinion , How difficult would a video like this be to hoax ? It 's obviously difficult for me to determine exactly . I 'd have to speculate . But it 's an amazing piece of footage . But as far as whether it 's a hoax . Or whether it 's an e.T. Craft , You know , we 're just gonna have to say , " the verdict is still out . " James , you 've provided us with a lot of good information here . We 're gonna get on and try to do some experiments . To see what we can come up with . Good luck . Let me know what happens . Really great to meet you . Jael : Thanks . Nice to meet you , too . Ben : Guys , the missile range is a huge area , But I don 't think that they would look favorably on us . Crossing over to do our experiour experiment . Well , I know a really great testing facility in California . So why don 't we go up there for experiments ? Okay . Lead the way , devin . All right . Guys , this place is perfect . Wow ! There 's plenty of room here . To test all the more popular theories of the footage . Well , you know , if this video . Was actually filmed at white sands , Which we know is a military rocket-testing facility , Then it 's logical to begin our experiments . With the theory that it was a test that went wrong . I mean , it 's not like they 'd just take rockets , Put them on a stand , and launch them into space . You know , they first have to test the rocket motor . To make sure that it has enough thrust . To get the proper altitude . So , in theory , this could have just been a motor test . In which the thrust was so great . That it broke free from its restraints ? Exactly . So , to test this , what we need first is a motor . To give us the same kind of trajectory and the speed . That we 're seeing in the video . And I think we brought such a thing with us . Did we ? Let 's go pull it out of the vehicle , see what we got . Yeah . Okay . Ben : See , one of the popular theories concerning the white sands ufo . Is that a rocket motor broke loose . And went on a wild flight before crashing into the ground . So , what we 're gonna do to test that ... Take our own rocket motor , send it on its own flight . To see if we can replicate the video . This is our rocket motor . There it is . This is an I-class solid rocket motor . [ chuckles ] Now , this is quite a bit smaller . Than something the military might have been testing , But it 's going to give us , hopefully , the same effect . Well , we 'll attach that to the guide rail . So , that way , we can control generally where it starts to fire from . I 'll attach these electric matches to the motor , And we 'll run it to a safety bunker . So we can remote-ignite from there . Perfect . This is gonna be one fun day . Let 's go play with rocket motors . All right . All right . Wow . Jael : This is it , huh ? Well , let 's set up here . You have the tripod and the camera . Make sure it 's behind the barricade , As we all have to be behind it . And then , very carefully , Take this rocket motor and get it set to go . You got it . I 'll be on walkie . All right . Thank you . Jael : What I have here is a camera from the early ' 90s , And I 'm setting it up a half a mile from our launch zone . That should give us enough distance for the proper framing . To replicate the original footage . Devin : So , now that a railing system is in place , The engine goes inside the mortar tube . So we can aim our initial launch . Devin : All right , ben . We 're good to go out here . I 'm gonna head to the bunker and join you guys . Ben : Come on back . Jael 's got the camera set up , and we 're ready to go . Copy that . Devin just set up our motor . It 's on the guide rails , ready to ignite . We 're gonna do it with this . Everyone 's gonna be behind this bunker for safety . Once this thing does get ignited , There 's nothing that can control it . It could be flying anywhere . We only get one shot at this , so we have to make it count . You guys ready for this ? I 'm ready . Jael , you 're on the camera ? I 'm ready . We 're ready , guys . In three ... Two ... One ... Launch ! Devin : We 've rigged our engine encased in aluminum . To a guide-rail system with no restraint . So , once it 's ignited , The thrust from the motor should let it fly on its own ... Theoretically . In three ... Two ... One ... Launch ! Whoa ! Oh ! Whoa ! [ laughing ] ohh ! Devin : Look at that ! Look at it . It 's still smoking and everything . It totally spun , though . Did you see that ? [ laughs ] Did you get it ? I got it . Let 's go take a look at it . [ laughs ] All right . Make sure it 's cooled down . It was so erratic . There 's no control . Yeah . It was swirling around . It was really hard for me to keep it in frame . Let 's see what you got . Let 's compare it to what you got on tape to our original video . Yeah . I say we take a look . All right . Let 's get a look at this . We 're set up , and it launches . [ chuckles ] Wow ! You know , the initial trajectory was right on . Yeah . It took off , though , so fast , And the whole time , it 's spinning . I mean , it certainly didn 't fly for as long . And it wasn 't quite as bright . You know what I 'm thinking here , too , Is , we 're seeing some type of ... It could be a contrail , or an exhaust trail , In the original video . And over here , of course , we 're seeing exhaust , Which matches . But you can tell it 's spinning . Right . Without the nose cone , the fins , anything to guide it , This thing just goes anywhere . I don 't think it 's a motor . You know , guys , Considering how the origins of this video are so mysterious , We really have to consider the idea . That this is just the product of a very elaborate hoax . Let 's go back out there and set up the next one . Sounds good . The direction of our motor was really erratic , So I think we 're gonna need to move on to an experiment . That gives us a little bit more control . Well , what we have here are two 36-inch disks . Now , inside , we 've got a motor system , okay ? And that 's gonna keep the disk spinning . As it heads down the zipline . This is what our ufo is gonna travel along . Take that end . We have one end that 's gonna be attached into the ground . We have another end that 's gonna be attached to a lift . And in the middle will be connected to a pneumatic clasp . That will have an automatic trigger . Cool . So , the ufo will travel down the zipline ... Uh-huh . And then automatically release , bounce up , And continue on towards its destination point , Ultimately exploding . We can bury some pyrotechnic charges . That 'll help us replicate that explosion . At the end of the video . All right , well , let 's prep it . Ben : Our hoax scenario setup is quite complicated . We have a craft made of two 36-inch aluminum disks . Now let 's go get our cable . That is attached and rigged to a cable system on a lift . The disk will travel down the lift . To a center point , where we have a clasp , Which is released automatically . Devin : Our zipline actually consists . Of two cables running through the ufo . These lockable pliers are gonna hold the zipline in place . On either side . So , when our ufo passes through . And the pneumatic device is set off ... [ laughs ] Our ufo releases equal and on the same plane , And it continues towards the explosion . Okay , jael , ready ? We just finished attaching our ufo . To the galvanized steel cable . It 's suspended . Everything 's looking good . I 'm excited to start this test . Ben : So , we 're all set to go . The craft is in position . It 's on the cables . And the charges have been set for the final impact . This could be one of the most elaborate setups . We 've ever done for the hoax scenario . Let 's do this . Hey , ben . We 're all framed up over here at the vantage point . Let 's get this done . We 're ready . Count us down . In three ... Two ... One ... Whoa ! Look at it go ! You got it ? Yeah , I got it . And here we go . Oh ! It goes up ! Oh ! There it goes ! Keep going . Okay . It 's bouncing a little bit . Whoa ! [ laughing ] oh ! Whoa ! Wow ! Did you see that ? How did you like that ? That was an explosion , for sure . All right . Let 's roll that footage back and take a look at it . That was great . Not too bad , huh ? Well done . Let 's do a side-by-side . All right , so , the first thing I noticed . Was that the trajectory was pretty good . Okay . You know , it 's actually kind of smooth coming down . Yeah , the trajectory looks good . I can 't see the cables . As much as I thought that I would from here . However , when it bounces , it has a spring to it . I 'm not sold on the bounce . Yeah . And then the explosion ... actually pretty nice . I think , if this was hoax , I 'm not sure this is the way that it was done . I 'm gonna say it 's definitely not . When this thing bounces , I 'm convinced that our experiment , Being on guided cables , is not what it was . It definitely bounces much higher in the original video . You know , you guys , what if we 're looking at this all wrong ? I mean , what if it 's not a disk at all ? If the object in the sky is actually . The exhaust plume from a rocket , Then maybe we should build an actual rocket . We 've already done the motor test , So why don 't we throw some fins on it , a body , A nose cone , and actually launch a rocket . In the sky and see what happens ? I love it . All right . Let 's do it . Jael : Our rocket test should give us . Just the right combination of speed . And control of the flight trajectory that we 're looking for . Plus , on top of that , Hopefully we 'll get the effect of an exhaust trail , Just like the original footage . Ben : How 's it looking , devin ? This thing is ready to go . Let 's head down to the lake bed and insert the motor down there . All right . Let 's do it , guys . Okay , jael , devin and I are gonna take the rocket . And go set it up on the rails and get it ready to go . All right , I 'll go set up the camera at the bunker , and I 'll talk to you soon . Cool . Good luck . Devin : So , we 've attached the rocket to the guide rail , And it 's at the angle that 's gonna help us . Best replicate the original footage . It 's gonna use a class " j " motor , Which , while it 's the same solid rocket engine , It 's considerably larger than what we 've been using . Right now ben is attaching the electric match to the receiver , Just like in the motor test . Then we 're gonna head to the bunker , and we 'll remote-ignite . Ben : Let 's do it . Narrator : Coming up on " fact or faked : Paranormal files " ... Okay , jael , the receiver is armed . Get on over here , and let 's ignite it . Launch ! Devin : So , we 've attached the rocket to the guide rail . It 's gonna use a class " j " motor , Which , while it 's the same solid rocket engine , It 's considerably larger than what we 've been using . Okay . Receiver is armed . Okay , jael , the receiver is armed . We 're heading back to the barricade . Yeah , get on over here , and let 's ignite it . I 'm really excited about this next test , Because the combination of the fins with the nose cone . And the size of the motor is hopefully gonna get us . That flight path that we 're looking for , The control that we need to replicate the original footage . All right . Hey . Hey . The wind is definitely picking up , so we should get this rocket launched . Ben : So , this motor is actually quite a bit bigger than our last one . Now we 've got it mounted to an actual rocket . So we have some control over it . I 'm thinking we might actually get a rebound off the ground . I hope so , man . I 'm a little skeptical , But I 'm really excited to see this thing go . All right , jael , you all framed up ? I 'm all framed up . Let 's do this . Okay . In three ... Two ... One ... Launch ! [ laughing ] whoa ! Devin : Did you have fun out there ? Bill : Yes . How about you ? It was a blast . It was literally a blast . You remember our case . White sands , new mexico ... this strange object looks like . It 's crashing , rebounding , and exploding . It is the white sands missile testing range , So we decided to take a look at the possibility . That this was a part of a rocket that had broken loose . Jael : This is what it looks like . Wow ! It clearly did launch , but it took a wild turn there . Its direction was just all over the place . Exactly . So , for our next test , we needed an experiment . That would have more control . In regards to flight time and trajectory . Now , because the source of the video is so murky , It wasn 't so farfetched to believe . That it was all an elaborate hoax . We designed a 3-foot , double-sided disk . That would go down a dual zipline . Here 's what it looks like . See it ? Lanisha : You know ... Austin : That 's pretty good . The main issue was the speed . Our disk didn 't really take off . This thing was kind of hobbling along . Jael : So we decided to move on to the popular theory . That this could just be a rocket . And we weren 't sure how a rocket was gonna give us that shape . That we saw in the original video , But we built one complete with nose cone , Fins , and rocket motor , and set it off . But rockets are notoriously unpredictable to work with , So just take a look at the video . [ laughs ] Launch ! Lookit . Skip , skip . Wow ! Lanisha : You actually got the rocket to bounce . That looked great . And , you guys , the glowing rocket exhaust was extremely revealing . I mean , it showed us that the ufo in the original video . May have been entirely exhaust , And you couldn 't see the rocket . Jael : An issue we had was that the bulkheads on our rocket . Were a little too sturdy , So it never expelled any fuel at the final impact point . That 's why there was no explosion . Right . Okay . Well , I think you ys did a fantastic job , And I think what we 're seeing in the white sands video . Is likely a misidentified rocket . I mean , playing with proof of concept , You guys had the exhaust trail , you had the glowing rocket . I mean , the trajectory was fairly similar , to be honest with you . Minus the fact there was no explosion at the end , I think it 's pretty good . I 'd say it 's a rocket . I agree . The white sands video is fact . That doesn 't mean that there isn 't any , You know , type of connection to alien technology . Or reverse engineering . I 'm just not seeing , in this case , Anything very compelling to say it wasn 't anything . Other than , you know , a rocket test gone bad . Devin : Whoa ! [ laughing ] oh ! Let me hear about the fun you guys had in Tonopah . Well , if you guys recall , we went to Tonopah , nevada , To investigate the full-spectrum video . Recorded at the historic Tonopah cemetery . Now , here 's what happened . Lanisha : I 'm really excited to be here in Tonopah , nevada , Investigating some eerie footage . That supposedly depicts a ghostly manifestation . In one of Tonopah 's abandoned cemeteries . The community of Tonopah really began in the early 1900s . When rich deposits of gold and silver . Were discovered in the hills overlooking the town here . On February 23rd in 1911 , They actually had a devastating mine fire , Known as the belmont mine fire . Reports say that 17 miners lost their lives that night . And there would have been plenty more . Had it not been for a gentleman known as " big " bill murphy . He actually dragged out a handful of miners . Before going back in to save more . And big bill murphy was absolutely a hero . After saving numerous lives , He died in his attempts to keep saving more people . And you know what 's interesting ? Keith Engel , the videographer of the footage . That we 're here investigating , He was actually here himself in Tonopah , investigating the mine . On its 100th anniversary of the fire . A lot of people believe that keith captured . One of the spirits of the miners that actually lost their life . We 're pulling into the cemetery now . To meet with the videographer and find out from him . What happened the night he shot that original video . Look at this place . There 's so much history here . Do you feel it ? Yeah , this place is desolate . It 's got the creep factor . It definitely does . Let 's get started . A pair of ghostly slippers moving on their own . But is it fact or faked ? Faked . Though the videographer claims it 's real , The simple illusion is easily replicated . Using invisible string . Bill : We 're pulling into the cemetery now . To meet with the videographer and find out from him . What happened the night he shot the original video . Keith , it 's good to see you . Keith : Hey , bill . How 's it going ? Great . Great . This is lanisha . Hi . Hello . And this is austin . Hi , austin . Can you take us to where you shot the video ? Sure . Let 's go . All right , let 's go . So , this is the location here , And you can see , from this vantage point , Pretty much the whole cemetery . Why were you here that particular night ? Actually , we were doing a paranormal investigation , Came down here , and set up a camera . Were you able to see the image clearly with the naked eye , Or was it just through your monitor ? No , I actually saw it first . I actually thought that it might be a real person . It was very dark . It looked like somebody in a big , puffy , you know , down coat . And it was cold , so that would have fit . But within a second , I realized that wasn 't what it was . So I reached into my pocket . And pulled the monitor for the camera out . And on the camera , it was extremely bright . And well-defined , from what I was seeing . Have there ever been any other reports . Of paranormal activity in this area ? Yeah , actually , there is . If you ask people around here , they 'll tell you . They 've seen things and heard things ... Especially here in the cemetery . So , do you believe what you captured on video . To be evidence of paranormal activity ? Absolutely . You do ? Can you tell me what kind of camera you used that night ? Yes . This was a full-spectrum camera . The camera picks up movement and boxes it . Would you mind if we borrowed it to run a few tests ? No . You 're welcome . Perfect . Thank you . Keith , thanks for your time . Thank you . We got our work cut out for us . So , what do you say we go grab our gear . And get this investigation started ? All right , let 's go . You know , austin , we really need to first explore the obvious , That it was just another person in a cemetery , Like maybe even a maintenance worker . Well , you know , that is the first thing keith thought he saw . When the sighting occurred . It could just be a case of mistaken identity . The apparition actually really does appear . And disappear in the original video , right ? What if it 's someone just sitting in the cemetery , Possibly behind a tombstone and when they stand up , It gives the illusion that they 're actually appearing ? They walk a couple feet , sit back down . They duck behind another gravestone . Looks like they disappeared . The camera does take a second to refresh , Which could make the picture appear to be jumpy . I mean , that , in conjunction with someone , You know , appearing from behind a gravestone , A bush , or even a fence could give the illusion . Of a ghost manifesting on camera . We can use the original video as a blueprint , And we can determine where this apparition seems to manifest , How far it travels , And where it seems to disappear on its own . We 're about to run our phantom-person experiment . We have Lani operating the camera , Bill 's directing , and I 'm gonna be playing the phantom . I 'm gonna use these flags to mark our start and end points . That way , we have the exact same route the apparition travels . In the original footage . Yeah , right there . Go ahead and mark that spot . Well , since it makes sense . That someone walking through the cemetery at night . Would have a source of light with them , Austin 's gonna be wearing an illuminated head lamp . Hopefully , this will help us replicate . The illuminated figure seen in the original video . Okay , austin , let 's begin this test . Copy that . Let 's run this . On your cue . On three ... Two ... One ... Begin walk . Timing it . Timing it . Go ahead and sit . How 's it look ? It looks pretty good . Austin , why don 't you come back to base . All right , guys , how 'd it look ? If you notice , the figure in the original video . Seems to appear and disappear . We simply don 't have that in our test footage . And plus , it 's obvious that it 's a person . Yeah , I agree . You can tell . As soon as I stand up and actually turn my headlight on , Around the whole ground , it 's completely lit , Like I 'm walking in a spotlight . You can see my limbs . I mean , this looks nothing like it . Obviously , we can put this theory to rest . Well , guys , if you look at the light emanating from the highway , You 'll notice that it actually appears . At the exact same time . That the apparition appears in the original footage . And on top of that , it actually stays lit . For the exact same amount of time . And then the apparition and the highway simultaneously fade . There definitely does seem to be a correlation between the two . You know , I am thinking that maybe the apparition . Could just be a lens flare . It can 't explain what keith saw with the naked eye , But it could explain what he was able . To record with his camera . Well , guys , there hasn 't been much traffic . Running parallel to the cemetery , But when something does pa by , It definitely changes up the lighting . This give me an idea . I think I know what may have been the culprit ... Something that really brightens up the highway . Bill : [ laughing ] yes . Austin : What do you guys think ? Is this bright enough ? Yeah . Nice work ! It looks great . Man , you brought in the 911 . So , the local fire department . Actually offered to help us during our investigation , And they 're gonna allow us to use these vehicles . For our next experiment . You know , the light from these vehicles . Should give us the luminosity that we 're looking for , And with highway 6 being the main road . That cuts through Tonopah , The lens-flare scenario is a real possibility . I mean , it 's not hard to create a lens flare . All you have to do is just shine a bright light source . At the lens , and there you go . And since our light source will be moving , In theory , our lens flare should , too , right ? And when you look at the original video , The light begins to glow and then fade . All within five seconds . That means you 're gonna have to enter frame with the test camera . And exit also within five seconds . All right . Well , let 's get this test going . I 'll head back to the vantage point . I 'll frame up the camera to match the original video . At the start point . And exited frame at the end point . I 'll cue you when to get the convoy going . Why don 't you take one of these ? Perfect . All right . I 'll radio you guys . Bill : We 've called on the local highway patrol . To block off the road while we conduct our experiment . So we 'll have more control over the results . Austin for team . Do you copy ? We do . Convoy is in position , And we are waiting on your cue to light this highway up . Okay , on my mark . Austin , on three ... Two ... One ... Begin convoy ! Now we 're going to test the theory . That the apparition seen in the original video . Is actually just the result of a lens flare . Produced by the bright , flashing emergency lights . Traveling down highway 6 . Okay , on my mark . Austin , on three ... Two ... One ... Begin convoy ! We 're on our way , bill . Austin , we have a visual on you . Okay , good . Let me know when it shows on camera . I 'll let you know . Okay . And then I 'll time it from there . Oh , there it is . Bill , I see him . I see him . You know , I see the lens flare . I definitely see it in the monitor right here . [ laughs ] Boom . That was five right there . All right , bill . They 've cleared frame . Guys , how 'd that look ? Excellent . Excellent speed . Why don 't you come back , and let 's do a comparison ? Copy that . I 'm on my way now . Oh , guys , that was exciting . How 'd it turn out ? You know what ? Let 's go ahead and look at this video . And this is really interesting . It does show that the light from the highway . Does result in a lens flare , And the luminosity is pretty good . It looks like something is moving through the graveyard . I completely agree . I mean , the shape is off a little bit , But , man , there 's just so many similarities there . And think about it . Our results could be different depending on the type of vehicle . Or the amount of light that 's being emitted . And watch . Looks like it almost sinks into the ground . Right there . I mean , that 's almost spot-on . This is the simplest answer . But you know what ? Let 's not rule out a possible paranormal explanation , Because it 's not just keith . There 's other paranormal researchers . That have been coming here for many , many years . And they 've collected evidence . They have eyewitness accounts . We owe it to ourselves . To stay and do a nighttime investigation . Well , let 's get to work , guys . With years of paranormal history . Accumulated here at Tonopah cemetery , We definitely had to stay and do a nighttime investigation . To see what we can find . What 's up , guys ? All set up ? Cameras are all set . We are good to go out there . All right . Well , guys , the coverage looks great . We literally have four I.R. Cameras set up . Corresponding to each one of these monitors . One 's covering the full cemetery from back in this left corner . And this is the full-spectrum . This frames up with actually the same exact frame as our original footage . This one actually covers the exact same path . That the apparition in the original video walks . On camera 3 , we have Bill Murphy 's gravestone . And then actually covering the reverse side of the cemetery . So we have both angles coming at it . And , of course , base camp here . I 'm gonna be monitoring the front , So if anybody comes in or out of this cemetery , I 'll know about it . We 're gonna be doing a complete sweep , But I want to record an EVP at Bill Murphy 's grave site . So we want to see if we can get . Some sort of communication going on there . And I 'm also gonna be having an e-pod . And with this , if there is some sort of energy formation . That 's coming from the surface up , I 'll be able to pick it up with this . Make sure you put that somewhere in the frame of my camera . So that if it goes off , I can radio and let you know . All right , perfect . I 'll have my dslr and a thermal camera . And I 'll sweep the entire cemetery , Looking for any fluctuations and heat signatures . Well , guys , I 'll be your eyes in the field . Make sure you stay in contact with me via walkie . You guys ready to go green ? Ready . All right . Go green . Tonopah cemetery , July 2011 . This is bill murphy ... Talking to big bill . You 're a local hero . You still are a hero here . A lot of people believe that you still walk this graveyard . If you could speak to me , This recording device may be able to record your voice . Talk to me , bill . Can you just say hi , just say hello ? Bill : Austin , I just ended my EVP session . I 'm gonna leave the e-pod on the grave . If you see it turn on and off like this , When I go to touch it , Let me know , and note the time on the recorder . That could indicate the presence . Of something that is paranormal . Let me know . Copy that . [ camera shutter clicking ] Bill , your pod just started flashing . Your pod just started flashing . We have activity on the pod . I 'm on the way ! Austin , as I approached it , it was still fluctuating . Weird , bill . I copied that . Come on , bill murphy . Can you do this on your own ? Lanisha , I 'm at the bill murphy grave site . I 'm getting some fluctuations on the e-pod . Can you meet me here with a thermal camera ? Copy that , bill . I 'm on my way . Are either of you by the camera at Bill Murphy 's grave site . It just went out . Guys , don 't keep me in the dark over here . I don 't have a visual . I have no idea what 's going on . What is that ? Austin , we 're trying to interpret . The thermal camera right now . What 's going on with the camera ? I don 't know . The camera went out . Austin for team . What is going on out there ? Austin , we 're having a lot of equipment failure . My walkie just died . My walkie just failed . All of our equipment is failing . Austin : Austin for team . What is going on out there ? Bill : Austin , we 're having a lot of equipment failure . My walkie just died . My walkie just failed . All of our equipment is failing . So , I stayed at base camp and actually manned the momonits . While bill and lanisha swept the entire cemetery , Looking for any signs of paranormal activity . At the beginning of the nighttime investigation , I placed an e-pod on Big bill Murphy 's grave . Now , the e-pod began to have these unusual fluctuations . And some people believe that this could be , you know , Anomalous energy forces beginning to manifest . Austin 's the one that first spotted it , 'cause we had a camera on it . He radioed me , and I saw it with the naked eye . Ben : Wow ! And that 's just one of the things that happened . At that exact moment , the I.R. Camera . That 's monitoring big Bill Murphy 's grave site . Goes down . Lanisha : Now , when the e-pod started to go off , I ran over to join bill , And it 's crazy , because when I got there , My thermal imager completely shut off . So , I go to walkie bill and lanisha , Let them know what 's going on . My walkie fails ... full battery . Everything literally just stopped working . As soon as the e-pod began to fluctuate . I mean , it was strange . So , the thermal camera , the walkie-talkie , The I.R. Cams all malfunctioned at the same time ? Done at the same time . How do you explain your electronics just going out ? Can 't . It 's really eerie . It was really odd . And earlier in the evening , I conducted an evp session . At big Bill Murphy 's grave site . And I asked if he 's the figure . That we see in Keith Engel 's original video . Here 's the recording I got . Let me know what you guys think you hear . Bill : Can you just say hi , just say hello ? [ tapping ] Oh , whoa ! I hear , like , a squeaking almost . Yeah . Like , it sounds like a metal bucket . And something 's being put in it or something . Like , a pulley that 's squeaking . [ tapping ] This might be crazy , but it sounds like a miner 's bucket . That they take down with them into the mine . And then they pull up . Bill : Now , big bill murphy ... He had to go down in a miner 's bucket . Into the shaft to save the other miners . And put them into the bucket and then raise it back up . He did this numerous times . He lost his life doing this . Ew ! That 's creepy . That was his last action . So , with everything you saw , everything you did , What 's your final conclusion ? I think there 's a natural explanation . For what keith captured on his footage , And I think we showed that with the lens flare . Devin : You know , you guys , I 'm convinced . That it was a lens flare that he had in his video , But your investigation that night . And your equipment failing ... From a tech standpoint , I can 't understand . Why full batteries would just go down . That is unexplained . That EVP is pretty compelling in its own right . And if that is communication from big bill murphy , Then he deserves to be heard . Well , I think you guys did a fantastic job with your experiments . And given all the evidence that you collected . During your EVP and the night investigation , I think it completely lends credibility . To the idea that this place has paranormal activity . Your experiment with the lens flare came so close , I think there was a natural explanation . However , with the EVP that had the mysterious sound , Your equipment going down , It seems like that cemetery could have something going on . So , good job .
