 ( Walter ) If you are watching this , then you know very well that the observers have invaded . ( Male announcer ) Previously on Fringe ... You can 't go back to Harvard . We can 't get it . It was taken over by Observers . ( Walter ) Well , that 's not a problem . Tunnels ! 2 1 / 4 miles of tunnels that house the steam pipes that heat Harvard . They must have ambered it . It 's my Betamax recorder . I don 't think I wrote anything down . I think I was making a video . This plan will restore us and rid the world of the Observers . You must recover each tape and follow the instructions to retrieve all the parts of the plan . You are humanity 's only hope . Slowly . Suddenly you have all the finesse of a butcher . [ Scoffs ] Walter , do you want me to do this or not ? This work requires a surgeon 's touch . I 'm more than happy to let you take over . Fine . Proceed . But it 's on your shoulders . Not even warped from the heat . Not bad for a butcher . Walter . Got some more fuel for the van . ( Walter ) I have tape number one . Have you watched it ? No . I 've only just liberated it . Shall we have a look ? [ Static whirring ] [ Beeping ] [ Lighter flicks , water bubbling ] [ Exhales deeply ] I had a prescription . It was medicinal . [ Distorted ] Welcome to tape three of my plan ... What happened to tape one and two ? Walter , you stored the tapes out of order . Shocker . These videotapes must be retrieved . This tape will explain one of the most crucial elements that you will need . You will need to find your way to Pennsylvania ... latitude and longitude coordinates 49 degrees , 20 minutes , 2 seconds North , 79 degrees , 12 minutes , and 32 seconds West . Now , when you arrive- - [ Audio distorts ] Really ? See if you can rewind the coordinates . Uh , 41 degrees , 20 minutes , 2 seconds North , 79 degrees , 12 minutes , 32 seconds West . - Are you sure ? - She 's sure . Walter . Do you recognize the location ? I 'm sorry . I-if I 've been there , it 's been wiped from my mind , along with the other pieces of my plan to beat the Observers . Hmm . ( Peter ) The entire area is undeveloped . There 's nothing around it for miles . How are the roads in and out of Pennsylvania these days ? Do you think we can get all the way out there safely ? ( Etta ) We 'd need to avoid checkpoints . I mean , it 's a long way to go , considering we don 't know what we 're looking for . Or if it 's still even there- - whatever it is . Hey , Walter , you think we might be able to jog your memory- - I-I don 't think I should travel . My feet are swollen from standing in front of the Amber all day . I 'll stay here for a bit and ... regroup . What ? ( Etta ) Walter , you all right ? I 'm fairly certain I have a blood clot , because somebody wouldn 't stop at Scranton to let me stretch my legs . Walter , we 're fugitives . We can 't stop every five minutes to keep you limber . This is it ? Uh , yes ... this is exactly where we 're supposed to be . So what were you doing out here 21 years ago ? [ Twigs snap ] Is that what we 're out here to find ? ( Walter ) I 'm telling you . It was a wicked tree dwarf . [ Chuckles ] And I 'm telling you , it was a kid . I saw him . He looked right at me . ( Etta ) You know , I used to imagine this- - going on a mission with you . You have no idea how many battles we won together . You know , it 's a lot to live up to . No , you 're ... even more than I imagined . [ Gun cocks ] Definitely not dwarves . ♪ Fringe 5x03 ♪ The Recordist Original Air Date on October 12 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ Don 't touch them . It could be communicable . Stop right there . [ Walter giggling ] ( Man ) Dr. Walter Bishop . The three of you ... you haven 't aged a day . You were supposed to be dead a long time ago . We were trapped in Amber for 21 years . My name is Edwin . You were exposed when you got here . I 'm supposed to retrieve something here , Edwin , something very important . You seem to know me . Have we met here before ? No ... at least not in the way that you think . It 's electromagnetic discharge . What is this place ? You 're looking at history . Whose ? Ours ... yours , mankind 's . These are data cubes . Stored on them ... are accounts of every major historical event from the day of the invasion onward . [ Beeping ] You have files on us . Of course . You 're relevant . We gather important information from around the world , and then we record it . [ Chuckles ] You have a healthy lore about you . My son , River , is something of an expert on the Fringe Division . We were--we were refugees from the cities . My father started this historical record . He believed our history , like that of all other conquered races before us , would be rewritten by our oppressors . Someone has to survive to tell mankind 's story . What happened to all of you--your skin ? You said we 've already been exposed . We noticed it after we settled . Small patches at first , and then over time , it spread . It has something to do with this area . We thought it was the drinking water or the soil . Why didn 't you evacuate ? What we do here is important . Even after we became afflicted , we couldn 't leave . It 's all here , everything . We can 't move it . We can 't travel . The way we look ... we don 't want to draw attention . We just want to be left alone to record history . No one wants to come here ... which is perfect for us . You 're the first in a very long time . But you and your team should leave , unless you want to look like us . We can 't . There was a plan to defeat the invaders . I mean , there is ... a plan to defeat the invaders . And I believe it will be successful . But I don 't remember it . But I know that I am supposed to get something from here . I 've been here before . I must have . Search ... Bishop , Walter . If you 've ever set foot in this camp before , it would be documented . Hi . Hi . What 's your name ? River . Wow . Where did these come from ? I made them . Can you sign them ? These are really good . You fought them when they came . You didn 't hide like we did . You 're heroes . I have a lot of different editions from stories I 've heard . A lot of them I even made up . I wish I was around during your time , when there were real heroes . ( Peter ) Well , kiddo , you 're my hero for giving me a nice , strong jawline . [ Machine clicks , tape rewinding ] [ Distorted ] And 32 seconds West . Now , when you arrive at the designated place , you will need to locate- - [ Audio distorts ] When you arrive at the designated place , you will need to locate- - [ Audio distorts ] [ Air hissing ] [ Tape rewinding ] ... Place , you will need to locate ... [ Distorted ] a mine . [ Machine clicks , tape rewinding ] ... to locate [ distorted ] a mine . [ Machine clicks , tape rewinding ] [ Normal voice ] Locate a mine . [ Cell phone ringing ] Hello ? Olivia , I need to speak to Walter . Sure . Walter . It 's Astrid . Yes , what is it ? ( Astrid ) Did you find anything in the archive ? Nothing . There 's absolutely no record of me being here whatsoever . Okay , well , I found something . Walter , is there a mine where you are ? Mime . The only mime that I know of is Marcel Marceau . What 's he got to do with any of this ? No . A mine . You said mine--m-i-n-e- - on the tape . Walter , whatever you 're supposed to find , it 's in a mine . Do you have a mine- - m-i-n-e--here ? Yes . It was a gold mine . [ Door opens , closes ] These men have something to report . Where ? Rural Pennsylvania . ( Walter ) In 1923 , a mine collapsed in Peru . The trapped survivors were forced to nourish themselves on the dead . Thanks for that , Walter . Oh , but I 'm sure that won 't be the case here . ( Peter ) Finding gold in an abandoned gold mine 's not gonna be easy . ( Walter ) We don 't know that it 's gold . Whatever it is , it 's in here . ( Peter ) I 'll climb down . Is that secure ? [ Grunts ] There 's something on the other end of this rope . Can you give me a hand ? Yep . People have been coming in and out of this mine for 21 years . I doubt it 's just gonna be waiting for us . Nothing is that easy . Whoa--oh , oh . It snagged on something . Looks like he was trying to climb back up . Same bark-like growth as on the people here . But worse . I 'd assumed what was afflicting these people was some sort of fungus , but I was wrong . These tissues show signs of calcification . Perhaps whatever was causing the condition of the people in the camp is emanating from this mine . And the closer one gets to the source , the more intense the reaction is . No one can survive down there . Until I 've conducted an analysis , we have to turn back . [ Cell phone ringing ] This is Anil . I have something for you . Something important . Etta and her team have been located . Thank you . Is anybody else starving ? Here . - What 's that ? - It 's an apple . [ Chuckles ] No , thank you . Yum , yum . Do you remember that amazing apple pie we had just after the invasion ? We were in Boston . Someone had told us about the shelter for lost children . We were looking for a place to eat when we found that dingy little restaurant with a cook who was a mad genius . What was that guy 's name ? I don 't know . You don 't remember ? Nope . Well , that 's a first . ( Peter ) I can 't believe I don 't remember the guy 's name . It was the name of the restaurant . It started with a " D. " It was like ... Dante 's or Dominic 's or something like that . You really don 't remember ? No . I really don 't remember . [ Machine clicks ] [ Machine beeps ] ( Peter ) Air sample is ready . I think I know what happened here . This man died of asphyxiation . Every pore on his body is completely sealed . His body was trying to protect itself against the airborne corrosive . Somehow , its pH has been radically altered . And apparently , it gets much worse the deeper one goes into the mine . ( Peter ) Could whatever we 're looking for have caused this ? Quite unlikely . If I had to theorize , it 's high levels of CO2 and other gases introduced into the atmosphere by the Observers . From those machines that they were building in Central Park . Well , how would that affect Edwin and his people ? Well , they 're far enough away from the source , receiving only incremental doses . However , prolonged exposure has created a drastic immune response . Well , imagine an extreme form of psoriasis . But not as extreme as our unfortunate mine friend here . Dr. Bishop , I found an entry I think you 'll want to see . Five weeks after the invasion , a man came here and went down into the mine and gathered several rocks , it says here , with a reddish hue . Was this man called September ? No . My father has it recorded as a man , late 30s , dark hair . His name was Donald . He says he was waiting for a scientist from Boston . I was thinking perhaps that was you . I don 't know any Donald . Well , maybe you just don 't remember . If he was part of the plan that you lost , then it stands to reason- - No , no , no . I-I don 't understand . Why would you record this ? A man collecting rocks- - why is it important ? It was recorded because of what happened to him . He was taken away against his will by two invaders . So they weren 't happy that he 'd taken those rocks . Why the hell would I want rocks ? Your hand , Walter . It 's on your skin . Show me your hand . My God . Yours too . We 're lucky . It hasn 't rooted into the dermis yet . But I 'm afraid that won 't last . Okay , well , how long until it isn 't removable ? Until it isn 't . Dr. Bishop . ( Walter ) Oh ! Good , good , good . Excellent , excellent . Over here . Thank you very much . I am going to build a suit that will allow us to go into the mine . According to the arm , we would need skin 300 layers thicker than a rhinoceros to enter the mine , so I 'm trying to ascertain a metal or an alloy that we can use for the suit 's lining . And in the meantime , I need you to go back to the van because I need the weather stripping . Sure . [ Cell phone ringing ] Hey , Anil . I got a call from one of our operatives . The Loyalists are tracking you . You 've got to move . Did I upset you ? Earlier when I was talking about the restaurant , it seemed like you were upset . I know you don 't forget names . Donovan 's . That was the name of the restaurant . It 's not that I can 't remember . It 's that I can 't forget . Do you remember when we couldn 't find her that day , you drew a plan on a napkin ? Yeah . Of course I do . You were talking about going up to Maine to this refugee camp that you 'd heard about . And I was looking at you and nodding , and in my head I was thinking , " I can 't go . " Behind you- - you couldn 't see it- - but there was a wall of missing-person flyers . You know , with every day , the odds of finding our little girl the way we wanted to find her were getting worse , and we didn 't talk about it . I mean , I ... I couldn 't put it into words then , but ... I felt responsible . Responsible how ? I wanted so much to be a mother , but ... I just ... didn 't think that I was programmed that way . That I was ... destined for something else . Ever since I was a kid , ever since the Cortexiphan trials , I just ... I was at odds . So how could I have this incredible little girl ? So , when we lost her , I felt like that was my punishment ... my punishment for being too conflicted to appreciate her when we had her . And that day at the restaurant ... I knew that I had to go back to New York because I didn 't want to ... find ... what I knew we were going to find . I just ... I just believed so strongly that she was dead , and I didn 't want to see it . And you thought I went back because of my strength , and she said that she admired me today . Olivia . I saw how you were with our little girl . I know how much you love her . And I 'm not telling you to forget it , but ... the past is the past . Don 't let it get in the way of this . I don 't know why it 's happening , but our family got a second chance . So I 'm gonna take it . ( Etta ) Hey , guys . We have a problem . The Observers are tracking us . Hand me the sealer . Walter , how long until the suit is finished ? I 'm going as fast as I can . Why ? The Observers know that we 're in the area . They saw us on the highway when we stopped . Near Route 11 . You need to leave . I need one more material- - copper . There 's only three roads you could have taken after- - Jonathan here says there 's an encampment down the mountain which trades metals . No . You 're not listening . We have until morning , at best , before they find us . They 'll destroy everything . All of our work will be lost . You need to go now . No , no , if we can just get down to the camp- - Forget that camp . Those men are dangerous , and they won 't trade with anyone they don 't know . You know them . You 've talked to them on your radio . You have contacts in that camp ? I 've communicated with them on my radio . But only when it suits them . They don 't even know who I am . And they certainly don 't want people going into their quadrant- - that much I do know . The way I see it , you 're our only chance . They don 't know us . Look , I 'm armed . I 'll go with you . We can barter together . Barter with what ? What do you have to offer them ? I 've got some antibiotics , medicine . Go back to Boston , make the suit there , and then come back when it 's safe . The baldies took away this Donald person when he went into that mine to get the rocks . If they read you and find out that we 're looking for the same thing , they 'll seal it permanently . You don 't even know what the rocks are for . You 're putting all of us at risk . I want to help you . I do , but ... What happens if I don 't come back ? You may be used to facing death all the time , but I 'm not . These are bad people . We may never make it back from their camp . I have a lot to lose , you know . I know you do . But the rocks in that mine are important . And it 's true- - we don 't know what they do . But Walter will figure it out . And when he does , we 're one step closer to defeating the invaders . I 'm not afraid to die . I just don 't know how to say good-bye to my son . All right . What do you need me to do ? Get on your radio . Tell them we 're coming . [ Clears throat ] Break , break , break . Kilo-Alpha 42 . Come in . Looking to barter . Over . Kilo-Alpha 42 . Is anyone out there ? Over . ( Man ) This is Kilo-Alpha . What 's your business ? I need copper . We don 't have copper . Let me speak to Ivan . Tire tread . Matches the make and model of the van they were in . Where does this road lead ? Higher into the mountains . River ? Look at me , son . What you saw back there in that tent ... there 's a lot more to the word coward and the word hero than you think . It 's complicated . You 're not a coward if you 're frightened . That 's not what it means . You 're a coward if you know what needs to be done and you don 't do it . I was telling that man out there that I have a lot to lose- - our work , the life we have here ... you . I told him I love you so much , I wouldn 't know how to say good-bye . When your mother got sick , I promised her I 'd protect you no matter what . But I 'm conflicted . There 's a time for recording history , and there 's a time for making it . We don 't get a lot of opportunities up here to make it . I 've decided to help them ... to do my part . I don 't want to lose you . I don 't want to lose you either . But protecting you ... means making sure there 's a world out there that you can thrive in . I love you so much . It 's okay , Dad . I understand . No . You don 't . But you will one day ... when you have children of your own . The mineral you are looking for is a crystallized form of quartz that contains in perfect proportion ... [ Static ] They will unlock its potential and create a powerful energy source . [ Distorted ] I will explicitly outline these refining methods in tape six ... or seven . Without this energy source , we will not be able to implement the final phase of our plan . To my best calculations , we will need at least 18 kilograms of the crystals . That is about 40 pounds in imperial measures . Did you get all that ? Yeah . Thanks , Astrid . Hopefully the suit will be strong enough to bring up 40 pounds ? Hey , you contact the camp ? Yes . They found copper , and they 're willing to trade . How much copper ? 2 kilos . That 's plenty ! Too much , even ! Okay . Let 's go . ( Edwin ) I can 't . You 're looking for Ivan . You can give him these for the copper . They 're schematics for our solar technology . I 'm not coming with you . I 'm sorry . They 'll trade for those . They 're valuable . This 'll get you to the camp . Good luck . Don 't worry about it . We 'll be back soon . Wait ! Be careful . I don 't understand . This is exactly where he told us to go . He said he knew where their camp was . Well , why would he send us here ? Maybe he never wanted us to find the camp . Edwin ? [ Thud , clanking ] What was that ? It 's the mine . There was no copper . When he called their camp , they didn 't have copper . It was the only way to get what you need . You got what you came for . Now leave ... before the invaders find you here . ( River ) A hero died today , sacrificing himself in order to get the Fringe team resources they need to save our world . Edwin Massey , the recorder of history , made history . [ Tires screech ] Where did you get this vehicle ? I found it on the side of the road . The keys were in the ignition . I didn 't steal it ! ( River ) He will be greatly missed . [ Engine grinding ] Like other great men before him , he gave his life selflessly in pursuit of freedom ... and a better future . [ Engine turning , revving ] Ahh ... Now , this is a ride . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
