 Previously on Fringe ... What did they do to the park ? They paved it to build machines that pump carbon monoxide into the atmosphere . Why ? The air here , it 's too oxygen-rich for them . A few more years , and the effects will be irreversible . I want you to meet Etta . Hi , Mom . What is your plan to defeat us ? Who 's the little blonde girl ? She 's helping you . You never know when to give up . No , no , no , no ! No ! No , no , no ! I can 't lose you , not again . That 's my girl . I fell asleep . I keep waking up and thinking that I 'm dreaming this terrible thing and then I realize that it 's not a dream . Yeah . I know . Why would we get her back just to lose her again ? What is that ? Hey , you feel that ? Yeah . Where 's it coming from ? Whoa ! Get off the street ! Storm coming in or something ? Integrity is stable . Prepare for transport . ♪ Fringe 5x05 ♪ The Bullet That Saved the World Original Air Date on November 2 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ Come on , Walter . It 's time to go . It 's this one . May I keep this ? Etta 's perfume . It 's the one she liked . It reminds me of her . Oh , my memory , it fails me . But my sense of smell helps me remember . It 's yours . Thank you . Hey , Astrid . Everything okay ? Hey . I 've ran into a bit of a fire hazard , so there 's no tape yet . What is that ? You see that white tuby thing ? That is a propane tank for Walter 's hibachi . And that see-through blob over there , that is a gallon of ethanol . Abner , why did you leave the propane tank there in the first place ? Someone wanted to cook bratwurst . Why is the ethanol there and not in the cupboard ? Because someone wanted to use the ethanol to clean the hibachi before they cooked the bratwurst . At this rate , we won 't get another tape until Wednesday . More like Thursday . Well , thank you , dear . Try and go as fast as you can . That 's Etta 's phone . Olivia . I didn 't know if you 'd answer . Anil . I didn 't know how else to reach you . I took a chance . I understand . Olivia , it 's important that we meet . I 'm so sorry for your loss . She was special . Not just to me , but to the movement . I hope someday you 'll understand how much . What on earth caused this ? Well , we believe it 's the result of the baldies opening a shipping lane ... from the future . A wormhole . The reports we heard say that it started with strange static electricity in the air . What are they shipping from the future ? They 're bringing back components for the air-degradation system that they 're building in Central Park . Similar burn radiuses were reported in France and Egypt , where the other air-degradation systems were built . If they finish this machine , their air quality manipulation will be complete on all continents . And our lifespan will be reduced to 45 years . We know that already . Etta told us . If the pattern of what happened overseas holds , this is just the beginning of many more shipments . The resistance wants to destroy the next one when it comes . I wanted to know if you knew anything about their language . If we 're gonna sabotage a shipment , we need to know when it comes , and we 're hoping the answer is in that book . Well , I 'll see what Astrid can make of it . Where did you get it ? It came as a package deal . Niemann . Okay , show them our visitor . You captured an Observer ? Good work . We caught him here yesterday . He was walking around taking measurements . Then this morning , this happened . Well , did you get any information from him ? No . What is it , Peter ? Whatever happened , it started here . Something incredibly powerful was sitting here . - A square . - A cube . Yeah , the Observer we caught yesterday ... He had tech on him . It was a cube about that size . It had parts , and it came in a case . I think that cube is the tech that opens the door . Can we get the one that you have ? What do you want with it ? I 'm thinking bigger than just one shipment . I wanna hit them harder . If the cube is what opens the door , maybe it 's powerful enough to destroy it . Why stop at one shipment if we can destroy the entire corridor ? Well , how would we do that ? I don 't know . But look at the destruction that it causes . You 're talking about a tremendous amount of energy . We don 't understand this . We don 't know how it works . Not yet . Walter . Anil is right . We don 't know exactly what we 're dealing with here . I 've made up my mind . Do you have anything I could use to take samples of the carbon ? Yeah . I have a collection kit in the van . I 'll get it . Before you go on a journey of revenge , dig two graves . I 'm not worried about being destroyed . It 's the Observers who should be worried . If we 're gonna take out this portal , we 're gonna need that cube . Bring the cube . Copy that . Son of a bitch ! If this really is a shipping manifest , then I 'm expecting dates , times . I can 't even differentiate which of these symbols are letters or numbers . This decryption program has been running for over an hour . I can do this , you know ? It is understandable if you are overwhelmed . I mean , you 're in shock . I think it 's best if I just focus . Oh , my God . What ? I 've been looking at this all wrong . What do you see ? A " B. " To us , it 's a " B. " But they don 't think like us . To them , maybe this is a " B " and a " C " and an 8 and a 6 and a 56 . This program is looking for a one-to-one correlation . Any of these symbols could have many different meanings , so ... for every page , 200 symbols- - it 's just too large . There 's too many possibilities . We have to run multiple decryption programs simultaneously . I need more computing power . A lot more . Okay , I 'm gonna call Anil . Peter . The amount of power coming off this thing is off the charts , and it 's not even turned on . It 's a strange alloy , but no magnetic properties . The only thing I know for certain ... is that it has the ability to blow us to kingdom come . We don 't even know if we 're putting it together right . If you are still intent on doing this , I believe it is possible to destroy the shipping corridor . But it is extremely dangerous . Think of everything on top of this sheet as the future , where they are . When the Observers transport a shipment from their future to our present , they drop them down a wormhole that they created . Because the wormhole is stable at both ends , matter and energy in their future is unaffected . Life goes on undisturbed . However ... if we were to collapse our end , sealing it off ... everything they put down the wormhole ... will just weight it down . The result is like a vacuum , sucking all matter and energy into itself , consuming it . You wanna turn the wormhole into a black hole . Yes . So we collapse the wormhole on our side , and all that 's left on their side is a black hole and a hell of a lot of destruction . Excellent , Walter . So how would we do that ? We 'd need to use- - anti-matter . The batons that we got in Etta 's apartment . All right . I 'd still need to get close enough to throw one into the corridor . That 's not going to be easy . When the shipment arrives , it 's gonna be crawling with Observers and armed loyalists waiting for it . That 's where the cube comes in . Do you remember the electric swirls of static electricity that were reported before the corridor opened ? Imagine they 're like a telephone ringing . Like a call from the future . The cube answers that call and the corridor is opened . So we just have to answer the call first . But we haven 't figured out how to turn the cube on . The Observer that Anil captured . He certainly knows how to make it work . Anil couldn 't get the Observer to make heads or tails of it either . Well , Anil has his way of doing things , and I have mine . Now Peter , you 're sure about this ? I 'm sure we can 't let ' em finish the air-degradation system . Well , I know that . But Anil said that it would take them some time . We have this opportunity now . Yeah , but what about Walter 's plan ? We have a mission . This could put that in jeopardy . I 'm not doubting Walter 's plan . But what do we have ? Pieces we don 't know how to put together . A scroll with physics we can 't decipher , a thought unifier that doesn 't work , and a box of rocks from a mine . That 's what our daughter died for so far . If we can do this , we have something tangible- - a real victory . It could take them years to recover . - Okay , I wanna hurt them too . - So then what is it ? What , Olivia ? Are you worried about me ? Yes . Yes , I am . I 'm afraid . Nothing 's gonna happen to me . I can do this . We can do this . Our daughter dedicated her life to freeing us . And now , we 're gonna dedicate ours to making sure that that means something . When we win , when we beat them , I want everyone to know that Etta is responsible for the world being saved . I want that too . Then we have to do this . And we can , Olivia . Together . Wish me luck . Hey . What 's the concoction ? A wee bit of this , a wee bit of that . Cryoprotectants , osmolytes . Small molecules within their blood preventing damage to their vital organs . Compounds that act as natural antifreeze . Antifreeze ? Yeah , it keeps them tethered to this location . They 're actually not as hearty as you 'd think . Their abilities are aided by tech . Yeah , I 've heard that . Well , hello there . Right . Let 's wake this bastard up . Good morning , sunshine . Come on ! Rise and shine ! That 's it . That 's the cold stare I know and love . You dead fish . This is my friend . He 's meaner than I am . So I guess you know where that leaves you . You good ? Good . Thank you . You recognize this , right ? You 're gonna help me put it together . You do not have use for it . Oh , but I do have a use for it . I just need to know how it fits together , and I need to know what powers it , and I need to know how it works . To do that ... I need to turn it on . You must understand your compatriots have gleaned no information from me . You will not either . You believe you are more capable of success where others have failed . You read me . See if you can read my thoughts right now . Anything ? It 's okay . I know you know . I can feel you banging around inside there . But it doesn 't matter what you find out . 'Cause you and I both know ... you 're never walking out of here . Whatever the closest thing it is to fear that you can feel , I know that you 're feeling it right now . You 're not the only one with a skill for reading people . You don 't even know what you don 't know . We 'll see . You and I both know the variation of a magnetic field produces an electric current if the pieces of the cube are assembled in the proper order . But what 's the proper order ? Oh , that 's right . You 're not going to tell me . You are pleased with yourself . I 'm feeling optimistic ... If that 's what you mean . Your skill is impressive , but it is of no consequence . You have no idea what we 're capable of . I think of you as I would an ant colony as I pass by it . I don 't care about the workings of the colony , why one ant is mad at another or why one ant would kill another or not . To me , it is insignificant . And like an ant colony , you are oblivious to your limitations . You think the black over your head is dark skies ... when it is really our shoe . You talk a good game . But the truth is you 're worried . Walter , I thought that you said it was gonna take some time before we were able to free another tape . This tape was never in amber . I found it in my desk . It 's a video of one of Etta 's birthdays . It would be incredibly difficult to watch , but I believe it 's important for you and Peter to see it . Walter , I am holding on by a thread . You do understand that ? I heard you ... when you were talking to Peter . You told him that you were afraid . He assumed that you meant you were afraid for his safety , and of course you are , but I think we both know it 's more than that . You 're afraid that you will lose each other again . I 'm trying to tell you that I see what you see . And that 's why this tape is so important . You must watch it and remember what you both had , what you still are , and you must hold on to that . You must face this pain together . The pain is her legacy to you both . It 's proof that she was here . I have experience with this- - this sort of pain , and you can 't escape it by building walls around your heart . Or by breaking the universe . Or by vengeance . You lost each other once ... But you have another chance . I can 't . I 'm sorry . It 's okay . Um , we did it . We decoded the book . It is a shipping manifest . The next shipment is this afternoon . Now , this next piece ... If I attach this incorrectly ... we will be obliterated . But how do I do it ? Which way is the right way ? Four possibilities . Three of them are wrong . And I 'm relying on you to tell me . Then you are relying on a faulty premise . I do not fear death . Whatever choice you make , it makes no difference . Consciously , yeah . That may be true . But your origins are human . No matter how advanced you become , you will endeavor to stay alive at all costs . In extreme situations , your body will react on a subconscious , organic level . There are tells your conscious mind can 't control . For instance ... good news ... and your pupils dilate . Bad news ... and they contract . Not just a theory . In fact , I 'm sure of it . Are you ? Hey . The corridor is opening near Lexington and 86th today . We have about 30 minutes . I see . Will you be ready ? Peter ? Peter , are you still there ? I 'm on my way . Let ' em know we 're clear . Holding positions . We have to shut the whole area down . Eastbound as well . Wait for primary reading . It 's activated . I have not activated the stabilizing mechanism . Something is wrong . Yeah , it is that type of gun . Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Go ! Go ! What 's wrong ? I mean , we destroyed it . We created a black hole . How could they recover so quickly ? I can 't explain it . If the corridor were sealed at this end , then a black hole must have manifested in the other . The Observers on that side would have been sucked into the vortex , their operation crippled for years . It should 've worked . It must 've worked . Hey , where are you going ? To get answers ! Peter ! Hey , Walter , can I call you back ? Peter ! Peter ? You can leave . I 'll take it from here . Why didn 't it work ? You don 't even know what you don 't know . Before going on a journey of revenge , dig two graves . Your friend was correct . Emotions get in the way of judgment . Emotions did not get the better of me . I read your tells to help me assemble the device . Your assertion regarding the involuntary response of the body to physical threat was interesting but highly antiquated . It does not apply to us . In truth , there was a fly on the window . As my cerebral cortex registered it , there was a small irregularity in my heartbeat , 'causing a slight deregulation of my oxygen to my brain which in turn affected my oculomotor nerve . This oculomotor nerve is what caused my pupil to dilate . That 's what you picked up on , my observation of a fly . But you ascribed meaning to something that was not there . You saw what you wanted to see . You believed what you wanted to believe , because that 's what your emotions do . They ascribe meaning to something that is not there . They fool your perception as to what is real . No . You 're wrong . A dog does not smile , no matter how many times your kind might think it does . You put together the device because of your intuition and your knowledge and your experience as an engineer . You simply needed confidence , so , you made sure you saw what you needed in my reactions . You blame us for her death , but it is irrelevant . She was here , now she is simply not here . Did you feel that ? She is not simply gone . She will be remembered ! Unlike you . If I kill you right now , no one will remember you . No one will miss you . Miss me ? You are nothing but tech . I would be ten times what you are if I had that tech in my head . You 're wrong about emotions not being real . My feelings for her are very real . Can you feel that ? The pain of a piece of you being torn out ? That 's the pain a father feels when he loses a child . Think you can do it in one again ? I 'm gonna do it again . Oh , my God ! You 're a pro ! You did it . No way . Take that out . Take that out and take that . Kiss mommy . Good , your highness ? Watch out , I 'm coming for your cake ! If you 're gonna open a present , which one would you like to open first ? Hi . Peter . Peter , I want you to come home . I don 't wanna lose you . It 's okay , Olivia . Etta would want us to be together , you know ? She would want us to survive this . I just--I love you . I love you too . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
