 [ Grunting ] ( Male announcer ) Previously on Fringe ... [ Gunshot ] No , no , no , no , no . ( Peter ) Our daughter dedicated her life to freeing us . And now we 're going to dedicate ours to making sure that that means something . ( Olivia ) I want that too . I wasn 't going to stay for that much longer . I just needed to see her . It 's fine that you come here . Just tell me . I want to understand what you 're going through . You 're right . Their abilities are aided by tech . ( Peter ) Well , hello , there . You are nothing . I would be ten times what you are if I had that tech in my head . [ Gasps ] I know what you have done . You do not realize what is happening to you . [ Suspenseful music ] [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Man ) Carried over to the other piece of business . ( Man ) Everything seemed to be- - [ indistinct chatter ] ( Man ) I was trying to figure out- - Excuse me . ( Man ) Do you want me to- - ( Woman ) Can you hear me ? ( Man ) There 's Mueller . Call to him . Ride with us . There is something that I wanted to show you . You have a meeting . You can 't be late . This will not take long . [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Woman ) Was that part of it , or no ? ( Man ) I 'm not absolutely sure . ( Woman ) You want to update these schedules . [ Tires screech ] [ Horns honk ] ( Man ) Come on ! Hey , get out of the way ! Move ! ( Man ) It 's your world ! ( Man ) Hey , sir , a little help ? ( Woman ) Oh , come on ! What are you thinking ? [ Horns honking ] [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Woman ) To the left ? ( Man ) Right around the corner . ( Woman ) The tall one , to the right . ( Woman ) Oh , I see him . [ Indistinct chatter ] Excuse me . [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Woman ) Yeah , that 'd be great . Let 's walk . ( Woman ) It wasn 't available . ( Woman ) Ugh . ( Man ) I 'm not absolutely sure . ( Woman ) You want to update these schedules . [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Woman ) Thanks so much for the tip . ( Woman ) Oh , good , that 's- - I have an extra one . ( Man ) Oh , you do ? ( Woman ) Yeah , wanna take a look at it ? ( Man ) Very well . I 'll be right there . ( Woman ) Nice to see you . [ Indistinct chatter ] [ Comm rings ] Peter , what 's up ? Anil , I 'm gonna need your help with something . [ Mysterious music ] ♪ Fringe 5x07 ♪ Five-Twenty-Ten Original Air Date on November 16 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ What took so long ? You were gone for over two hours . He wasn 't as interested in bartering as I anticipated . It took some convincing . Gasoline for neon helium seems like a fair trade to me . You only got four ? [ Sighs ] Well , it will have to do . Hey . You 're back . Oh , great , Peter . More laser fuel . I 'll hook this up after breakfast . Get started . The world 's not going to save itself . Chop-chop . You left without me . I wanted to go with you . It was so early . You were sleeping . I didn 't want to wake you . That 's one way to put it . The other is that you didn 't sleep again . That 's true . I couldn 't sleep . But I 'm fine . You need to sleep , Peter . [ Truck approaching ] [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Man ) Locked . ( Man ) What do we got ? On the move . Rolling . We 're okay . [ Laser humming ] This is tape five of my plan to defeat the Observers . This is what you must achieve next . These cylinders were designed by the invaders . They are beacons that allow them to locate different points in spacetime . You will need two of them . This is where you will find them . I know that building . That was one of our labs at Kelvin Genetics . Belly and I designed it . From the east entrance , follow the hallway , two yellow doors . They lead to a staircase . At the bottom of that staircase , you will find the private storage of William Bell . At the time of recording this , Bell was keeping two Observer cylinders in that storage facility . You must retrieve them . The doors are made of reinforced steel . They can be unlocked with Bell 's handprint . ( Astrid ) Walter , that 's why you took Bell 's hand when we were freed from the amber . You said that it was for a storage facility . It was for this . If you cannot find Bell or if you learn that he is dead , you will have to unlock the storage ... So that 's why he was with us in the amber . I needed him to get the cylinders . Your freedom depends on it . Walter , that 's not the only reason . Hmm ? Well , before the invasion , you had been talking with Bell . He said that he wanted to help you defeat the Observers , that he realized how important this was . And then he betrayed us to gain favor with them . I do remember something about this . He came , and I trusted him . There was another man . He had an accent . I was being tortured . He kept asking me something . He kept asking ... " Is it safe ? " Then I escaped , and Bell helped me . And then he drove me right back where I was being questioned . He worked for them . He worked for them ! Walter , that 's from the movie Marathon Man . ( Peter ) Huh . You called me in Boston . You told me that you were ready to implement the plan but that you needed my help to do so . ( Olivia ) Then you sent me to Grand Central Station to collect the thought unifier . ( Peter ) And by the time I got to you and Astrid , you were with William Bell , but then the Observers found us , and we realized that the only way they could have known where we were is if he told them . That 's when you Ambered us . So if Bell led the Observers to you , how can we be sure that the cylinders were even there to begin with ? ( Astrid ) Or if he even had them ? Let 's open his storage and find out . Fire up the laser , Agnes . Let 's get that hand out of Amber . [ Dramatic music ] ♪ ♪ ( Walter ) Oh , my . Is this it , Walter ? Yes . I used to drop acid right over there and watch the ships come in from the bay . This was the east entrance . The yellow doors to the underground storage are here somewhere . The doors are there . Peter ? From an engineering standpoint , they 'd have to be . No , Peter , your ear . When they closed where the Observer 's shipping lane , Peter fired anti-matter into it with an RPG . Do you think maybe the blast damaged his ear ? How 's your hearing , son ? My hearing 's fine . I 'm fine . Really . ( Walter ) I want to examine you as soon as we get back to the lab . What are you thinking , Astrid ? ( Astrid ) We have some anti-matter batons left . Maybe we could use them to clear a path to the door . ( Walter ) Anti-matter would consume not only the debris , but the storage facility underneath as well . What about Anil ? I mean , he has manpower . Maybe the resistance would help us . The heavy machinery we 'd have to use to clear away all the rubble would draw too much attention . We go through it . [ Comm rings ] It 's Anil . What do you mean , we go through it , Walter ? How did it go ? I couldn 't give him the briefcase . What happened ? ( Anil ) I followed the baldie into the park . I did everything just like you said . ( Peter ) You should have seen him sit at a bench . And you should have seen him stand up and forget his briefcase . You would have then approached him and given him the one that I gave you . He never forgot his briefcase , Peter . He was sitting on the bench . I saw him get up . But he took his briefcase with him . That 's impossible . Wait there . I 'm coming to you . Peter , we need to see Nina Sharp . ( Olivia ) Walter thinks that if we can change the molecular structure of the concrete , then maybe we can clear it . Nina works for the Ministry of Science . She 's got access to advanced technology . Okay , you go talk to Nina . I have to meet up with Anil . Why ? He didn 't want to say over the comm , just that it was important . You 've got that look on your face . What look ? The look that says , " I 'm worried about you . " Should I be ? Absolutely not . You go talk to Nina . I 'll liberate myself a ride . ( Woman ) Ms. Sharp ? Ms. Sharp ? Uh , push my afternoon meetings . I 'll be out of the office for a bit . I never thought I would see you again . So how are you holding up ? It 's been hard . But we 're continuing on with Walter 's plan ... for Etta . I 'm so sorry for your loss . Etta was very special to me . And when Phillip told me ... I wanted to reach out to you so much , but I was afraid that I would jeopardize your safety . I know . But now we have no choice . We need your help , Nina . Of course . Anything . ( Olivia ) Well , despite the damage to the building , we still think that the underground storage is intact . We just can 't get to it . I was hoping you would have access to technology that could ... Change the atomic structure of the rubble , and help us clear it . The Observers created a device that dramatically alters atmospheric pressure , speeding up molecules in all the matter in a controlled area . A process called sublimation . You mean converting solid matter directly into gas ? So all the rubble would just evaporate ? Well , essentially , yes . They used the technology to clear large areas of land for construction , like Central Park , when they were prepping it to build their air-degradation machine . I 'll meet you in the south side of the building in ten minutes . Are you angry with me , Walter ? Why should I be ? Because I told Etta and Simon how to reimplant the portion of your brain you had removed . You did what was necessary . Yes , I did . We needed your intellect restored . There was a lot at stake . There still is . Have you noticed any changes in your personality since the implant ? Some . The tissues are integrating faster than I thought . The man I was before ... Do you see him in me now ? No . But you would know better than I. Are you worried ? The man I was before , he was consumed by ambition , by hubris . He never cared about anyone . All he cared about was walking with the Gods . It 's different this time . I 'm different . I have Peter . He won 't let me become that man again . Hastings , give Dr. Bishop anything he wants . Yes , that Dr. Bishop . Well , it would be an honor . ( Peter ) There must be some variable you 're forgetting . Tell me exactly what you saw- - every single detail . The baldie was sitting on the bench , writing in his notebook . Did he interact with anyone in the park ? No , not that I saw . Did you see a little girl ? She would have been playing with a yellow ball in front of the bench Royce was sitting on . How could you know that ? Royce was supposed to be distracted by the kid playing as he stood to get up . He was going to forget his briefcase . No , Royce wasn 't paying attention to any kid . He was talking on his comm . He was on his comm ? Yeah . I was too far away to hear anything . He stood up , grabbed his briefcase , and walked away . That 's it . That 's what ? The variable . The one thing that I failed to see--Royce on his comm . Peter , what are you talking about ? He 's going to the restaurant next . [ Indistinct chatter ] Give me the briefcase . I 'll switch it there . I know that you have questions , Anil , but I 'm just gonna have to ask you to trust me . What 's this ? An address . Go there , and wait outside . This is a Baldie precinct . At exactly 6 : 17 , Royce and another Observer named Mueller will walk into that building . Call me when they do . I 'll comm you when they show . Thank you . ( Man ) Are you sure about that ? Who told you that ? I 'll talk to Harris about it , but- - ( Man ) Just farther down the street . ( Woman ) To the left ? Great . I 'll meet you over there . ( Woman ) Want to take a look at it ? [ Indistinct chatter ] [ Pained groan ] ( Man ) What else are you going to do ? ( Man ) Yeah , let 's hope that it 's not problematic . ( Man ) Right . [ Groans ] ( Woman ) Yeah , I 'll be seeing you . ( Woman ) You did a great job . [ Indistinct chatter ] I 'd like to check this . Sure . I haven 't seen you in here before . It 's not really my crowd . You better be careful . You don 't want to get read . You should get that . [ Phone rings ] Old trick . ( Woman ) Anything else ? ( Woman ) Would you like some more water ? [ Indistinct chatter ] How are you and Peter doing ? Peter doesn 't sleep . He leaves the lab at all these odd hours . And when he gets back , and I ask him where he 's been , he 's always got an explanation that- - that makes sense . But ... I just think there 's something he 's not telling me . I can feel it . Well , he 's been through a lot . I mean , you both have . Yeah . I 'm not defending Peter . I saw how isolated he made himself after Etta went missing in the invasion . I would say that , compared to that , he has come a long way . I keep telling myself that this time we 're stronger . But I 'm- - I 'm worried that ... I 'm losing him again . [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Man ) That is my understanding . Three . Thank you . ( Man ) I don 't believe there 's need to ask for more . [ Indistinct chatter ] I find it displeasing . [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Woman ) Um , just the special , sir . Would you like it ? [ Dramatic music ] ♪ ♪ [ Phone rings ] Hello . Cavatina . I 'm at work , Ronny . Can we talk about this later ? Because unlike you , I have a job . This baby has an event radius of up to 1,000 meters . These rods , they mark the boundaries of whatever area you want to sublimate . What 's this ? Don 't touch that ! I haven 't even showed you the power-up sequence yet . You see this light here ? It turns yellow , you 're good . But blue , that means the fission core is overheating . That 's a common design flaw in these Gen One models . Blue ... means run . Okay . ( Nina ) I 'm worried about you , Walter . What you said earlier- - that Peter would keep you from becoming the man you used to be . I 'm not sure that 's enough . I knew the man you were- - you and William . You both tested the limits of science , of the universe . You felt that boundless power that comes with omnipotence . You felt what it was like to be God . You don 't need to remind me , Nina . I was there . Then you should know how hard I tried to hold on to William . How much I loved him . But that wasn 't enough . I wasn 't enough . Because nothing can compare to that feeling- - to that kind of power . So he let me go . The reason you couldn 't hold onto him is because he never loved you . He never loved anyone except himself . I 've been fooled by him too many times to think anything else . I know better , and so should you . You asked me before if I saw him in you . I just did . The Walter I know would never say anything so cruel . But the Walter who lay on an operating table in William 's laboratory , begging to have pieces of his brain removed , for fear of what he would become , he would . I 've come a long way . I love my son , he loves me . That will save me . For your sake , I hope that 's true . Walter ... we 're ready . Oh , there 's one other thing that you should know . The Observers analyze any change in the atmosphere , so once you utilize the technology , they will respond within minutes . Okay . Then we 'll have to be quick . Thank you , Nina . Good luck . [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Woman ) Yeah . ( Man ) Let me know . ( Man ) The same time frame . ( Woman ) Yeah . ( Man ) Oh , good . ( Woman ) Yeah , we 'll get it organized . ( Woman ) Okay , you 're all set then . ( Woman ) Thanks so much . [ Indistinct chatter ] ( Man ) Go over it as needed . ( Man ) That 's my understanding . ( Woman ) Are you heading downtown ? ( Woman ) Yeah . ( Woman ) All right , why don 't we ride together ? ( Woman ) Sir , these came down for you . ( Man ) We might have to go into the server and see what kind of code they used . I 'll send a messenger over with it . ( Man ) All right , as long as they 're both marked urgent . ( Woman ) Hernandez rescheduled . [ Explosion ] [ Shouts ] Is that ready , dear ? Well , come on down and set this one for me . [ Comm rings ] Hello ? You managed to switch the briefcase . What happened ? It was a success . This place is crawling with Baldies . Go home , Anil . I 'll contact you . So what did Anil want ? I waited for him for over an hour--he didn 't show . That was him calling to let me know that he got stopped at a checkpoint . Did he tell you why he wanted to meet ? No . Olivia , Peter , we 're ready . So what do we have ? Matter sublimation device . It converts solid mass into gas . Perfect . Stand by . [ Power surge ] [ Electric zap ] ( Peter ) It 's charged , Walter . Go ahead . [ Beeps ] [ Door unlocks ] [ Dramatic music ] ♪ ♪ Belly , you monster ! What is it , Walter ? My Bowie ... He stole it . It 's not enough that he institutionalized me , betrayed our friendship , but he pilfered my record collection as well ! We don 't have time , Walter . Keep looking . Guys ... I know this safe . I remember when Belly had it built . An extra measure of security to guard the things he valued most . The cylinders must be in here . Walter , do you know the combination ? Of course . Belly used the same combination for everything . He had a terrible memory . Too much LSD , I suppose . Walter ? Yeah , just- - just give me a minute . It 's very simple , I just- - I think I have it . ( Astrid ) Come on , Walter . Nina said the Observers would detect the atmospheric change . We 've been down here too long already . I-I 'm sorry . It was so long ago . Walter , if you don 't think that you can do it , we should leave , now . Clear your head , Walter . Try to relax . Think about the cylinders . You have all the time in the world . Peter , the Observers could be up there right now . Take a deep breath , Walter . Focus . ( Walter ) 5 ... 20 ... 10 . [ Safe unlocks ] I should have known better than to trust that scoundrel . It was all a lie to lure me to the Observers . He never cared about saving the world . What is that ? I don 't know , but whatever it is , it must have been valuable enough to Bell for him to want to keep it in the safe . [ Rumbling ] What did you just do ? I have no idea . [ Rumbling ] Peter , careful . We don 't know what 's waiting for us . Peter , where are you going ? I 'll take my car . It 's logical that we split up . Olivia , before we go back to Boston , I 'd like to make a stop first . [ Car door shuts ] Nina . Walter . Did everything go okay ? Yes . The device you gave us worked . We have the cylinders . Good . Why did you want to see me ? I asked Olivia to bring me back because I wanted to give you this . [ Sighs ] It was in William 's safe . I was wrong . He did love you . And it wasn 't enough . No ... I 'm scared , Nina . Every day that goes by , I feel him more and more . I 'm losing myself . I 'm becoming the man I was . And just like before , everyone that I care about will be driven away and will suffer because of me . I need you to take them out . What ? It 's perfectly safe . My intellect may be diminished slightly , but it 's the only way to hold on to the man I 've become . Please , Nina ... You must remove these pieces of my brain . Peter ? ( Peter ) They 're timelines . ( Olivia ) Timelines for what ? For them . Windmark 's top lieutenants . For security reasons , they 're rarely in the same place at the same time . Every movement , every interaction , every second of their day is accounted for . Using this information , I can manipulate events . The tech that gave them their advantage over us ... I have it now . That thing in their heads- - you implanted one in yourself ? I 've been following them . ( Peter ) They don 't know where I am , but I know where they are . Today , yesterday , and the day before that . It gives me enough information to determine their probable futures . Mueller was going to get in a town car and be late to the meeting . Royce would have left . I needed them there at the same time . I made that happen . What have you done ? I used a toxin from Walter 's cold storage , the flesh-eating toxin that killed everyone aboard Flight 627 . Our first Fringe experience ... was their last . That 's why you knew that they wouldn 't be coming for us at the storage site . You knew that they would still be responding to your attack . ( Both ) You can 't do this . This is ... dangerous . We 're going to avenge Etta . Windmark is next . ♪ ♪ Walter , is there anything I can get you before I go to sleep ? ♪ ♪ No , thank you , dear . We did good today . ♪ ♪ [ Volume increases ] ♪ ♪ = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
