 There are events that become pivot points in history . We usually mark the past by the wars we fight , where you hear people talk about things before the war and the world after the war . The after-the-war world is born out of human struggle and cruelty . Sometimes there are events born out of human ingenuity and courage like discovering fire , or inventing the Internet , or walking on the Moon . Sometimes it 's a little of both . We had no idea what was going to happen or what we were going to do about it . And we had no idea the price we 'd pay . There was no plan ... There were no lofty thoughts about changing the world . We just did what we thought was right at the time . And I would do it all again , even knowing the consequences . So , what does she expect you to do ? I 'll tell you what she 's expecting me to do . She 's expecting me to get another job , that 's what . Doing what I don 't know . Thinks somehow it 's my fault that the economy 's in the toilet . What are you gonna do ? What can you do ? Ehi ! - What 's that over there ? - What ? Wow ! Meteor ? It must be . Look how it 's splitting up like that . Ladies and gentlemen , sorry to wake those of you who were sleeping ... but if you look out at the right side of the plane , you 're guaranteed a truly spectacular sight that ... you 'll probably never get to see again this close ... If I couldn 't jump the guy of course I would choose me . - Choose you to get saved ? - Choose me to get shot . - Really ? - Yes . I don 't even know what we 're talking about right now . Look at that ! - What is that ? - I don 't know ! It 's so pretty . Make a wish . Yeah . This is Taylor . - Do you ever sleep ? - No fatalities . Some debris came down in and around Station but it didn 't hit any with people . - An airliner ? - That 's what we think now Yeah , we 're checking . Nothing yet . Why would someone blow up an airliner over Montana ? Why does anyone ever blow up an airliner ? Yeah . Is Vernon and the new guy in the yet ? They 're waiting for you in your office . - What 's his name again ? I know you told me . - DiLeo . - DiLeo . - There 's something else though that might turn this into a whole other thing . I just got a call saying that hospitals in the area are reporting multiple patients coming in with symptoms consistent with radiation sickness . - A dirty bomb ? - We haven 't confirmed that yet . - But that 's what it looks like ? - Nobody really knows what that looks like . We might find out tonight . Get the Mayor of Station on the phone and tell him there 's a quarantine in effect for Station Township and everything within a 10 mile radius . - Coordinate with local authorities . - We shouldn 't wait for confirmation ? Do you really feel like taking chances with radiation ? But get some feet on the ground to confirm that . But I need you to confirm that . Sir , there are two positive cases of radiation sickness in two separate hospitals . - How do you spell that ? - I just ordered a quarantine for Station Township and everything within a 10 mile radius . One of the cases is from a hospital 30 miles north of Station . I 'm going to need a copy of that faxed to this office before I can do ... Thank you . Sir , a major piece of debris , a piece of a plane 's fuselage maybe crash landed in a wooded area outside of Edmonton in Canada . We 're getting a formal request for assistance from your counterpart in the RCMP faxed here right now . Good , we 're not passing this one off on the Mounties . I got the Governor and the Mayor of Station waiting to speak with you on lines 2 and 4 . Vernon , you 're going to stay in touch with those hospitals and the Station P.D. give them anything they need , send me updates every half an hour . You , I need you to send me a copy of that fax as soon as you get it in your hands to my phone . - Can you handle that ? - Yes , sir . Call down to the airfield for a car . Agent Larson and I are leaving for Edmonton in 15 minutes . Make it happen . I told you his name was DiLeo . Yeah , I know . I only had so much room at this particular moment , so ... You good ? - Yeah . You ? - Yeah . Why are we going to Edmonton ? 'Cause we 're not going to be the next news media punch line that screwed the pooch on a terrorism case . We stay out in front of this thing and show the country that we 're actually good for something . - How does that sound to you ? - No argument here . Good . Let 's do this right . - Yes , sir . Lines two and four . - Thank you Sophie . Mr. Mayor , this is Tom Taylor . We just don 't know that yet sir . And what we do know just isn 't adding up to my satisfaction . Just need a little more time to sort ... Yes , sir . That 's why we 're here . Well I appreciate that , sir , yes . Yes , sir . You 'll know as soon as I do . Thank you . Tom ? Jesus Christ ! - Sorry . We have ... - No , it 's okay . We 've got the Deputy Secretary pressuring me to announce that we 've captured a terrorist . He says it would be politically expedient to do it now before ... a whole debate over the definition of what constitutes an act of terror starts in the media and I 'm trying to tell him ... in so many words that ... I don 't want to start counting my chickens ... What ? He 's here . He started yelling at us . I think in Russian before we got the hatch open . Once we identified ourselves , he shut up ... and thats when we noticed he had a pistol in his right hand . He couldn 't raise it enough to point it at us though . I don 't know if he would have shot at us , or if he was just scared . Does that kid look like a terrorist to you ? I don 't know what he looks like . He 's stable now . He was extremely dehydrated , malnourished ... and I 'm running every test that I can think of . He 'll live ? He 's got a good shot . The fact that he survived all this time under the conditions that he 's been living gives me hope that he 's got a chance . But he 's gonna need , I don 't know , could be years of rehabilitation . Have you ever seen anything like this before ? Frankly , no , I haven 't . The only cases ... that come close that I know of ... is severe child abuse where a child is held hostage in a room or a basement and neglected . It 's like he 's been living in a cave his whole life . Can he talk ? He 's sleeping now . He 's in shock I can 't guarantee he 'll make any sense when he wakes up . Let me know as soon as he does . Will do . You said he was yelling something when you found him . Do you ... remember what he was saying ? Not really . It was something in Russian , I think She speaks about 47 languages . Whatever you remember . Something like ... identiforo ... something . Nikorosh vi stronia . Nikorosh vistronia Identifutsoro vitsebia . Could that have been the first part ? Yes . I think so , I think that was it . Identify yourself . What about the rest ? Which side are you ? You said he kept repeating that ? Yes , sir . Which side are you ? Which side of what ? That 's what I heard . What does that mean ? Are you sure you 're translating that right ? 47 languages . He was wearing this when we found him . Is that a spacesuit ? - May I ? - It 's clear . Hello ? Look . Maybe they just haven 't sprung for new patches . Does that kid look like he was even born when there was a Soviet Union ? Sirs ? That 's no airliner . No , it 's not . We found these in the capsule . - Those look like rocks . - They are , rocks . And we found this . I guess it 's also Russian . What is it ? I 'm not sure . It looks like a page from some kind of flight manual . There 's something handwritten on the back What ? That 's the most ridiculous story I 've ever heard . Yes sir . We 're investigating all the possibilities . It sounds more like someone got their hands on some old Soviet hardware and are using it to perpetrate an attack on the United States . An attack on Montana , sir ? Maybe it went wrong . I don 't know . All I know is , I have sick people in hospitals and a potential public relations nightmare . We have to show we have a handle on the situation . I don 't need to remind you that our record on these things hasn 't been exemplary of late . With all due respect , sir . I 'm not convinced we 're dealing with terrorism All we have is a sick kid , possibly a Russian national . I don 't think treating him like a criminal is the best ... He had no identification ... and piloted a craft spreading radiation over American cities . First thing he does is pull a gun on the people who are rescuing him . Have I got that much right ? Yes , sir . All those things are true Then he 's a criminal until we have firm evidence to the contrary . Whatever the case I want you to take the suspect to an American base immediately , and we 'll ... I don 't think that 's the best course of action at this time , sir . I 'd like more time to investigate before we jump to any conclusions . I 'm not making suggestions , Mr. Taylor . I want you to move him as soon as you can . Yes sir . Okay then . We 'll be in touch throughout the day . Yeah ? We 've recovered another piece of the capsule outside Calgary . There was a nuclear battery onboard ; it looks like that was the source of the radiation . It 's in an unpopulated area , so there 's that bit of good news . Yeah . What ? We 're leaving . They didn 't believe it either ? I don 't blame them . It 's crazy . It 's also the only thing that makes any kind of sense . Sophie . It makes no kind of sense . What do you think ? Some Al Qaeda nut job makes a play for an old Soviet space capsule instead of a nuclear bomb , somehow manages to launch it from a cave in Tora Bora on a mission to scare the bejesus out of Montana . - Where 's the sense in that ? - It spread radiation over hundreds of miles . It just seems like a round about way to spread terror , if terror 's your goal . I know . I know , I ... I don 't know what else to do . I don 't know what else there is to do . Well , nothing besides get some sleep . I don 't have time for that , and neither do you . We have a sick kid in a hospital bed . He 's not a terrorist . He 's not a Martian either . Well , maybe not . What 's that ? It 's a letter from the RCMP allowing us to operate in Canadian territory DiLeo sent it over . I asked for this like 12 hours ago . He said he had trouble converting it to a PDF , or something . I don 't know . He 's supposed to be America 's first line of defense . - The best and the brightest . - Which one are you ? I 've always been the best , but never the brightest . Well , I 've always been the brightest , but never quite the best . You know , if this whole serving and protecting thing doesn 't work out , I think we have a sitcom in our future . I 'll make the arrangements . Thank you . This is Taylor . Mr. Taylor , this is Dr. Bertram . I was the physician ... Yeah . I know who you are . How 's he doing ? I 've just gotten the preliminary blood work back and he has cancer . Say that again . I 'm no oncologist , but ... but his body 's riddled with it . I 've called in an expert . Slow down doctor . Get him ready to be moved . He 's coming back with us to the States . I don 't think that 's a good idea . I didn 't ask your opinion , and besides that , the decision 's already been made . We 've been granted authority to operate in this jurisdiction and whether you like it or not , you answer to me , do you understand that ? Yes . Anything else I should know ? He 's developed a respiratory infection , he 's not responding to treatment . If you put him on a plane , you could kill him . And this is your professional opinion ? What other opinion would it be ? I 'm sorry . He 's coming back with us . He 'll receive treatment in the States . - Get ready to move him . - Yes sir . Tom Taylor . - How 'd you know it was me ? - I 've got caller id , like the rest of the world . I 'm not interrupting anything , am I ? No , just about to play my round of golf ; like I did yesterday ... like I probably will tomorrow . Sounds like the life you always wanted . It 's not . Yeah . Sorry I didn 't make it to that dinner I read about in the paper . Congratulations . Thank you . That 's not why you called . Yeah . No Messy business up there . Please ... tell me you haven 't called for a pep talk . Yeah . Not exactly . Then what ? I got golf to play . Yeah . Well ... this may seem a little strange , but ... I need your insight on something . My insight ? Yeah . Just how crazy were the Soviets ? I mean ... just how crazy were they ? You know . You were there . I was a kid , I wasn 't on the front lines like you . Well . I never put anything past them , I 'll say that . Never . Naw ... some people thought we were a bunch of ... paranoid fearmongers in the agency , but all the stuff we learned when we left after the fall . Jesus ! It was a crazy time than . Hell , we were crazy too but ... they were crazier ... I really mean that . Did you ever hear of a guy named Stanislav Petrov ? No . Me neither , not until about 10 years ago . Stanislav Petrov was in the Soviet Air Defense Force and ... he was on duty in a bunker just outside Moscow one night in 1983 . His job was to monitor OKO , the Soviet early warning system . Kind of like our NORAD . They had a network of satellites up in orbit , just like we did ... to alert them if the U.S. launched their missiles . Anyway ... old Stanislav was on duty , eating his day old bread , drinking his Vodka , whatever they did . He saw something he 'd never seen before . A big board lit up all red , and alarms going off ... blaring . What it was telling him was that the U.S. had launched their ICBM 's , their ... their nuclear ICBM 's at his country . His job in that event ... was to fire his country 's missiles back . But he didn 't . He didn 't believe it . For some reason , in his gut it just didn 't feel right . So , he ignored all his orders and all his training ... and he turned the alarm off . To make a long story short ... the sun was bouncing off some clouds or something or other ... and confused the satellite into thinking ... missiles were on their way . If Stanislav Petrov ... had done what he was supposed to do ... we wouldn 't be having this conversation right now . And you know what happened to him ? Discharged ... dishonorably . Probably sent to Siberia ... or somewhere . Who knows . The man defied his country ... and saved the world . Quite literally saved the world . And he faced the consequences . Because ... I think he had something the rest of his country didn 't . Imagination . He ... could imagine the consequences of following his orders . And those consequences were unconscionable to him . And that 's how crazy they were . Does that about answer your question ? I guess so . Anyway ... It was sweet of you to ... to call an old man for his advice , Tom . It really is . Get out there and do a job , will ya ? Yes , sir . Next time you 're in the neighborhood ... Yeah . I 'm not really much of a golfer . Me neither . Take care , Frank . You should be more concerned with taking care of yourself right now . Goodbye . Get our people up here . As little as possible . We need to give them something . They 're sniffing blood in the water . Otherwise they 're just going to run with whatever they can find . - He 's right . We can say ... - Why don 't we just say that a Soviet satellite and old Soviet satellite ... - With a leak in the battery onboard . Yes . - Came down just like it did . - Can you work with that ? - Yes . Great . Put something together and give it to the press . All right , that takes care of the press . Now what about - - Don 't worry about that . - Don 't worry about that ? - DiLeo , do you still have that fax ? - Yes , sir . - Alright , you never got it . - Sir ? - The right answer is , what fax ? - Yes sir . What are you doing ? I believe the technical term is gumming up the works and buying some time to investigate before we end up shipping that kid to a federal prison . Jesus Christ ! Can we get a cup of coffee around her that tastes like coffee , please ? Send someone to Willie Horton 's , or whatever they have up here . - Get some for everyone , will you ? - We need an expert in here . Someone who knows what they 're talking about , and quietly . An expert ? On what ? It 's open . Yes ? Zachary Walzer ? Dr. Zachary Walzer . Can I help you ? Dr. Walzer . I 'm Tom Taylor . Sorry about all the ... - I know this is a little strange . - I think I know what this is all about . You do . That ... dirty bomb thing wasn 't a dirty bomb , was it ? - No , it was actually ... - Funny thing about that downed satellite story . What 's that ? Well , I heard about it on the news this morning and ... I couldn 't help but feeling like I 'd heard it somewhere before ... so I did a bit of Googling , and in about two minutes ... I found ... this . Apparently a Soviet Satellite carrying a nuclear battery made an unplanned reentry into the Earth 's atmosphere spreading radioactive waste all over Canada . That 's right . Look at the date . That article is from 1979 . Two Soviet satellites ... accidentally coming down spreading radiation all over the same part of the world ? That 's some bad luck . Don 't you think ? Maybe you should do a little more research before you put out a bogus cover story . Well , as I can see , you 've already gathered we 're in a bit of a situation here that ... quite frankly , it 's a little outside my area of expertise . I don 't doubt it . Good . I understand you 're some kind of space buff . I have a Masters ... in Aeronautics and Astronautics and a PhD in Nuclear Engineering . - There you go . - I 've written three books on celestial mechanics and manned space flight . Two Planets , One Future , and The Case for the Red Planet . What 's the third ? It 's due out next fall . It doesn 't have a title yet . What ... what exactly do you have going on here ? I 'll need you to sign the confidentially agreement before I can tell you anything . You 'll forgive me if I 'm a little hesitant to do anything you say or sign anything . You 're the ones who made it more of an ordeal to travel from Seattle to Cleveland than a flight on the Moon ... doesn 't exactly instill confidence . I 'm trying to protect the American people . And what a bang up job you 've done on that so far . The fact is , we 're in a bit of a spot here and we could use someone with your knowledge and expertise on this . If it 's not you , it 'll be someone else . What could you possible want with someone like me ? Imagination , doctor . Don 't tell me it 's extraterrestrial . Really , I will turn around and walk away back out that door . No , it 's actually a little weirder than that . Theoretically , is it possible for someone to survive on Mars ? Absolutely . For years on you own with limited resources ? Well sure . I 've written a lot about this . It 's called the living off the land approach . Like the pioneers who settled the Western United States . All the elements for survival are there on Mars if you know how to extract them . It 's surviving the trip there that 's the hard part . You 've got a million kinds of background radiation , cosmic rays , solar flare activity , and ... nine months without a gas station to stop at if you get a flat . What 's happened to this man ? That 's what I 'd like you tell us , doctor . This is your Martian pioneer . What ? The Soviet satellite wasn 't a satellite ; it was some sort of capsule . We found him inside . We also found a note . If it 's to be believed , it was written by a Soviet Cosmonaut who claims to have been living on Mars since the mid ' 80 's . According to the note , this is their child . Wait , wait , slow down . Hang on . You 're ... really saying , seriously ... that this man has been to Mars ? We 're saying he was born there . How is that possible ? That 's what we 'd like you to tell us . Dr. Walzer . Are you all right ? Do you know what this means ? - I know . It 's a little insane . - It 's ... incredible . If it 's true ... I 've spent my whole life ... making the case for the human exploration of Mars ... Mr. Taylor . And this whole time ... My god . I 'm sorry . You 'll have to forgive me , this is all ... I 'm sorry . Will you help us out doctor ? Absofuckinlutely ! Subtitles : zefram cochrane He 's dying . - Cancer ? - The cancer is the least of his problems . He 's having a reaction to something , they can 't figure out what . You 're the Mars guy , aren 't you ? They got the Mars story . - Where did they get it ? - Wouldn 't reveal their source . - Has anyone bothered to call the Russians ? - We 're not there yet . Your operation is a violation of Canadian sovereignty . You do not set policy for this goverment on your own . - Tell me what 's going on inside your head . - I think we 're out of time here .
