 Why would we get her back just to lose her again ? Previously on Fringe ... You must face this pain together . The pain is her legacy to you both . It 's proof that she was here . Our daughter dedicated her life to freeing us . And now we 're gonna dedicate ours to making sure that that means something . You got that look on your face . What look ? The look that says , " I 'm worried about you . " Should I be ? What have you done ? The tech that gave them their advantage over us- - I have it now . You implanted one in yourself ? It gives me enough information to determine their probable futures . We 're going to avenge Etta . Windmark 's next . Sorry I 'm late . That 's okay . Where 'd you get it ? Let 's just say it was a souvenir for one of my men . And this identical to the one that Peter used on himself ? Yeah , from the base of the cranium . So how is it activated ? I 'm not sure . If Dr. Bishop finds out , we 'd love to learn anything we can about it . Olivia , if I had any inclination of what Peter was doing ... I know . Astrid said you were getting low on ammunition . The resistance just raided a weapons depot in Midtown . Take these for now . We 'll arrange a meet for more later . I 've got to go . If there 's anything else I can do to help ... Thank you , Anil . There . He is foretelling your movements . He has gained the ability to run futures . ♪ Fringe 5x08 ♪ The Human Kind Original Air Date on December 7 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ This is tape eight . There is a scrapyard located in the town of Fitchburg , 46 miles northwest of Boston . You will got to Fitchburg and acquire an industrial-size electromagnet . You may have seen this kind of magnet used in automobile junking , construction , demolition . But as I say , it is an indus- - extremely large and extremely powerful . Olivia . Good . You 're here . We freed another tape , and we have to retrieve a magnet Walter left in Fitchburg . What 's wrong ? I don 't understand . When did Peter do this ? I don 't know . What 's happening to him ? What are the manifestations ? He 's reading time like they do , thinking ahead like they can . He knows what I 'm gonna say before I say it . It 's like it 's him , but ... It isn 't . Walter , he 's convinced that this is the only way to beat them . If you could find out what it 's doing to him or if there 's a way to neutralize it- - I 'll start running diagnostics right away . Of course , it 's meant to be integrated with organic material . I need to see how it interacts with an actual brain . And whose did you have in mind ? Perhaps my porcupine man 's . I preserved his brain in formaldehyde . Could you go down and bring it up , please ? It needs to be submerged in water immediately . It 's Peter . Let me talk to him . Peter , where are you ? I 'm in New York , Walter . Peter , listen to me . You must come back to the lab . What you 've done , son , is extremely dangerous . I can 't do that . I called to warn you not to go back to Etta 's apartment . It 's been compromised . Please come back to the lab , Peter . We don 't know what we 're dealing with here . I-I 'm very frightened . W-we don 't know what that device is actually doing to you . I understand why you would be concerned . But I also know there is nothing that I could say that would change your mind . You cannot possibly see what I see . Trust me when I tell you ... I am in complete control . I don 't believe you are in control . Son , you promised me . You said you would be there for me . Do you remember- - to keep me from slipping ? I need you . I 'm begging you . Please come back in and let me run some tests . I have to go , Walter . Do not go back to Etta 's apartment . What are we going to do ? Did he say where he was ? New York . That 's all . Etta 's apartment isn 't safe , and I don 't know where he 's going . I-I can 't stay here . I 'm crawling out of my skin . What are you doing ? Well , you and Astrid need to work on the tech , so I 'm gonna try and find this magnet . Alone ? We have no other option . What about Peter ? All I can do is just keep our promise to Etta and--and stick with the plan . Sorry . Please , let me . That 's enough . Morning . Good morning . I 'm Carlos . How can I help you ? I would like to barter for a magnet . What 'd you say ? Uh , an electromagnet , like the one you have on that crane . Wait here . I 'd like to sell you the piping , but I got people depending on me , and they need to eat . I 'm willing to barter . Let me know . What is it , Carlos ? Got a woman outside . She 's asking for a magnet . It 's her . Send them . Send them now . My name is Simone . Carlos said you were interested in a magnet . That 's right . I know this is a little out of the ordinary , but- - Yes . We have it for you . We 've been expecting you . Expecting me ? I 've been waiting many years for someone to come for that magnet . Come . I 'll show you . This is your truck . It 's been your truck for 21 years ... To transport it . A man came here soon after the invaders arrived . The man spoke with my mother . They talked for a long time . He said he had a way to save the world ... But he needed a giant magnet to do it . Was his name Walter ? Walter Bishop ? I don 't remember his name . He was older ... grayish hair . My mother assured him that she would keep a magnet packed up and ready for when he came back for it . Before she died , she made me promise to keep the candle burning . And I did . It wasn 't always easy . At times , we were destitute . There were people who wanted to sell the magnet and the truck . They lost hope . But my mother never did . And neither did I. And here ... Here you are . I sent for diesel fuel . It 's on its way . I know you don 't mind waiting , and you 'd rather drive after nightfall . How do you know that ? I know a lot of things . I see flashes sometimes when I 'm around people . Like before , when I met you , I saw that you have a bullet in your pocket- - a slug . I 've always had a gift . Even with electricity coursing through the neural tissue , the brain is dead ... not quite human ... Most likely damaged by the preservation process . But in order to understand what 's happening to Peter , we have to give this a shot . The chances of this working ... Are remote at best . Okay , I 've got a clear image . The question is ... how do I attach ... Oh . Oh , my . It worked . Whoa . This is a lot of neural activity . I 've never seen anything like this . It 's all moving along the cerebral cortex , which controls higher-level thinking . It stopped . The device must 've detected that the brain isn 't suitable . Did we gather enough data to extrapolate ? Let 's see . Okay , if we take the process that we just saw and then we run it continuously , what happens to the brain over time is ... Walter , are those new ridges forming ? Hmm . The more convolutions , the higher the brain function in mammals . Do you see that ? Hmm . The cerebral cortex is becoming so thick that it 's overriding the area used to control emotions . Remarkable . Controlled evolution . It 's worse than I feared . Where are they ? They should be here by now . I wouldn 't worry . They 'll be here soon . Hi . What 's your name ? Darby . I 'm Olivia . I know . Everybody 's talking about you . Yeah ? What are they saying ? They said you 're on reward wire . There 's a bounty on you . Really ? What else did they say ? Darby ? I have to go . I thought you might be thirsty . What 's in it ? Water . What 's in the water ... A sedative ? You gonna knock me out ? What are you talking about ? Nobody 's gone to get diesel fuel , have they ? You 're wrong . Ahh . You have no faith . I could feel that when you came- - I 'm done with the parlor tricks . I want my truck and my magnet now . When the fuel gets here , you can have it ... Unless , of course , you 'd like to leave now . Your car 's over there . You can come back with more people if you want . But we 're still gonna be here . You lost someone . That 's an assumption that you could make about anybody . But you lost your daughter ... Twice . Fuel 's here . Did you think you are the only one who can manipulate futures ? I know that you have been making adjustments to mine . I have been making adjustments of my own . We know you switched the briefcase . We traced it back to the restaurant . And that gave us an origin point for you . I knew you were at the intersection when you caused me to miss the light . The two events were in close enough succession that I could determine a probable future . I have led you here to this place . Everything has taken place as I intended . This was what she saw . This was her last thought before she expired . Your emotions make you weak . I can understand why your faith has been shaken . But there are mysteries to the universe . My gift is evidence of that . The fact that you are here is evidence of that . Your rational mind can 't make sense of your loss . But your heart , if you allow it to , will find its own intuitive way . I 'm getting a strong feeling . Your daughter 's still with you ... even now . Simone , you have a gift . You can see things that other people can 't . I don 't doubt that . But ... wherever you think this gift came from or whoever you think bestowed it upon you , it 's simply an anomaly . I know that because I 'm an anomaly . I have moved things with my mind . I 've lit things on fire . I 've caught bullets midair . I 've seen things that people only dream about . I 've seen ... the seams between universes ripped apart , things that humans shouldn 't see . People make up explanations ... assign meaning to things without knowing , because it 's reassuring . It 's comforting . But I can 't do that ... Because I know too much . It 's all just numbers . And the invaders , as you call them , they 're just better at math than we are . Thank you for the magnet . Why are you smiling ? Because I believe . You can 't know everything . More heat , Asner . I said " more heat , " not shut it . Peter . I need you to suture my shoulder , Walter . I need my medical kit , disinfectant , and pain medication . Got it . How badly does it hurt ? There is no pain . I 've discovered things , Peter ... things you need to know . I 've run a diagnostic simulation . The technology you 've put inside yourself is in the process of ... completely reshaping your brain . The areas that relate to emotion ... are being commandeered to make room for more logical thought . Shrinking the nucleus accumbens in my limbic system , suppressing emotional memory in favor of higher rational thought , also expanding my cerebral cortex . I know . If you could see what I see , Walter ... If you could experience what it feels like to fully harness the untapped potential of the human brain , you , of all people , should know that there is no reason to be afraid . Are you also aware that the changes will soon be permanent ? And if that happens , there 's nothing I can do to get you back . I 'm going to do this . I 'm going to shift Windmark 's future so that he passes through the square at exactly 7 : 19 p.m. When he does , I will know that he has been reset onto the correct path . I can 't allow you to make that mistake . Don 't you see , Walter ? When he passes through the square , she will be avenged . We all want Windmark dead ... But the plan outlined on the tapes is the way to do it . We need you , son . I need you . I have to go . Olivia . I got a truck and a magnet . I need someplace big enough to store them . We 've got a warehouse outside the city . When you 're close , I 'll have someone meet you and guide you there . Hey , listen , I 'm gonna call you back . Hey ! Don 't move ! Hands up ! What do you got in the truck ? Nothing that you 'd be interested in . Got any money ? Nope . You don 't need money . You are money . I 'm just saying ... with the money we 'll make from the truck and the scraps from the magnet , it 's a pretty good score . Are you sure you want to get involved in this ? We could pull 100 more jobs and not see this kind of money . Now give me your comm . Trust me , all right ? I 've got it covered . Reward wire . Do you have something to report ? I have a fugitive in custody . What is your location ? I don 't want to tell you where I am . I want to meet at a Truth church . This is unorthodox . Yeah , well , I 've done things I don 't want to be read for . So the only way this goes down is at a Truth church , where you can 't scan me . Once I get the money , I 'll tell you where she is . What is the fugitive 's name ? Olivia Dunham . Hold , please . Reward wire call- - a man claims to have Olivia Dunham in custody . He wants the reward for her capture up front . Acceptable . What is the closest Truth church to your location ? There 's one in Sector Seven . I can be there in an hour . See that you are . And that 's how we roll . Huh ? Come on . You used to be fun . What the hell is this ? Don 't . Put your hands on your head . Where 's Briggs ? Olivia , where are you ? I 'm on my way back to Boston . I 've got the magnet . Anil 's got a place where we can store it . What happened to your face ? I 'm a little banged up , but I 'm okay , Walter . Um , Olivia , Peter was here . When ? A couple of hours ago . I tried to convince him . I said that his brain is being altered , and that soon it will be irreversible . But he won 't hear me . I don 't know what else to do . Walter , do you know where he is ? Peter . Olivia . Walter , told me about Windmark ... That he almost killed you . I have already turned that to my advantage . See those steps down there ? In a few minutes , if everything goes according to plan , Windmark will walk up those steps and pass that fountain . Then I will know that he has been reset onto the correct path . He does not realize it now , but he will be back on the trajectory that I want him on . What trajectory is that ? The trajectory that leads to his death . He killed our daughter . At exactly 5 : 12 tomorrow afternoon , I will meet him face-to-face . He will not expect it . He will not have a chance to fight back . At 5 : 13 , I will snap his neck . At 5 : 14 , he will draw his last breath . Peter , I 've lost you before over this , and I 'm not gonna let that happen again . Now , your thinking is way ahead of mine--I understand that . But the fact that I am here has got nothing to do with anything except feeling . And soon , you 're not gonna be able to feel anything , not for me , not for Etta . When I was fighting Windmark , he showed me Etta 's last thoughts before he shot her . She thought of us ... that day in the park before they invaded , before everything went wrong . Her last thoughts ... They were of us . I will kill him tomorrow . If I remove the tech , I will not be able to do that . Don 't you see ? And what if tomorrow is too late ? What if that tech becomes permanent ? Etta 's not gone , Peter . Windmark didn 't take her . Yes , he did . No , he didn 't . She 's still here with us . She is dead . She saved my life today with the bullet she brought to us . She 's alive inside us . And there 's nothing that Windmark can do about it , because the love that we can share with her now is invulnerable to space and time , even to them . And I know that our hearts are broken and that it hurts , but that 's what makes us human . Emotion is our weakness . No , Peter , it 's our strength , because it 's the one thing that they don 't have . Now , we need to hold on to our connection with Etta , feeling what we felt for her , or she dies all over again . And we cannot let her be erased . Peter- - Peter , I 'm not asking you to abandon her . I 'm asking you to hold on to her . You 're not one of them . You 're one of us . I want you to listen to me . I 'm not gonna lose you again . Peter ... look at me . I love you . I love you . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
