 ♪ Two ... two , three ... ♪ It 's over eight million bucks . That 's a lot of deniros . Oh , this ' a Berry Berry bad ! Earth 's boring . I 'll save us . Let 's go visit my parents at their fabulous casino in Mars Vegas . Take that , earth ! Look out , penny slots . I 've got a system . It 's to put all my money in you . Um , Zoidberg , maybe Vegas isn 't the best place for people like you . What ? It 's full of fat guys in sandals . I just mean , your money management skills could use some work . Like , the only reason my family even owns a casino is 'cause we 've kept such a close eye on our money for generations . Bender : You sure have ! No offense , Zoidberg , but maybe you 'd be better off if you stayed behind . Oh , yes , better . A lonely weekend in my dumpster with a jar of pennies and tears . Sounds good . See you Monday ! The cops are closing in . Better ditch the loot somewhere . Hey-yo , how about that dumpster down there ? You mean the one in that alley off 72nd street ? Yeah . What do you think I 'm pointing at ? Bender : Vegas , here we come ! God , it 's Zoidberg . I hate to bother you , but ... Okay , okay , I 'll shut up ! This very lucky casino own . Someone wins one million dollar every hour ! Usually it us . 33 black . Everyone lose . Oh , man . Oh ! I can 't help noticing a lot of your employees are native Martis . Yeah , they a proud , grouchy people . Well , they do work for minimum wage in a land that was once theirs . Yeah , but they never made wise use of the land . When my ancestor Reginald wong found them here , they had no bingo parlors and only one prostitute . Pfft . Pathetic . This here the buffet . Ooh , perfect timing ! It 's the weekly changing of the shrimp ! Way up here 's the money . It 's Mars ' happiest place on earth ! This much money could feed a small , starving planet . But it doesn 't ! Ah . Oh ! Oh ! I 'll just reach down and get that . Something don 't smell right . Don 't mess with blind Joe . Nothing get past his sense of smell . Yeah , that 's why he in here . Guarding galaxy 's most secure safe . Every day at 3 : 45 , we load in the daily take . This whole place is finely tuned machine for separating suckers from their money . Woman : Category-five sucker now arriving . Woman : ♪ the minute you walked in the joint ♪ ♪ I could smell you were a man who was stinkin ' ♪ ♪ a real big lobster ♪ fresh shellfish ♪ you give me a rash ♪ ladies love a decapod with clothes made of cash ♪ Woman : ♪ then let me get right to the point ♪ ♪ I don 't boil my pot for every crab I see ♪ ♪ hey , rich lobster ♪ blow ♪ your wad of cash on me . Zoidberg , what are you doing here ? And what 's with all the money ? It 's my eight million dollars . God gave it to me . Oh , come now ! God didn 't get to be God by giving away money . Ah , loosen up . You can 't take it with you . Now I 'm heading down to the casino , and I 'm taking my money with me . This is why you never see a poor person with millions of dollars eight one-million-dollar chips , please . I think that 's about eight . Everything on 34 . Amy : Zoidberg , what are you doing ? ! I don 't know . I think it 's called roulette . Martian roulette dealer : 34 red . You win $ 288 million Let it ride ! Martian roulette dealer : 34 red . Ten billion , 368 million dollars . Vodka with a sardine in it , please . In fact , vodka with a sardine all around ! And let it ride ! Stop ! At least set aside a billion for a decent apartment . No ! I 'm having fun and a sardini ! Martian roulette dealer : 15 black . Now that 's the God I know . Zoidberg , what is wrong with you ? You just threw away a fortune ! Ah , easy come , easy go . But for one brief moment , I made everybody on Mars happy . And if you ask me , that makes me a winner . Woman : Category-five loser now departing . ♪ hey , big lobster ... I 'll make th simple . Our money or your life . Sardini ? I 'm telling you the truth , I swear . Clamps , break something over his head . Everything in here 's already broken . Find the least broken object and use that . This Judith Krantz novel 's only missing its frontispiece . Ow ! I told you , I spent it in Mars Vegas ! All eight million dollars ! He can 't be lying ' , boss not after a krantzing like that . All right . Then I 'm afraid we must kill you and dispose of your body in the nearest dumpster . This one we 're in seems pretty close . Aah ! Aah ! Oh ! Joey : He 's full of ink ! Whoo , whoo , whoo , whoo , whoo , whoo , whoo , whoo , whoo . Whoo , whoo , whoo , whoo . We should have brought a gun . That was one hell of a weekend in Vegas . Dude , where 's my ship ? I parked it over there . Well , I don 't remember much , but I feel fine . Oh , my God ! Amy 's mirror got a tattoo ! Oh , luckily , we 're prepared for this eventuality . Hermes : What 's that ? A tattoo-removal laser ? Oh , , Hermes , you and your preposterous Sci-Fi nonsense . No , this is simply a translucidating ink polarizer . It aligns the pigment molecules , channeling photons through and rendering the ink invisible ah , so it 's less painful than regular tattoo removal . Nobody said that . The robot mafia 's after me ! You got to hide me , or it 's curtains for Johnny Z. Hide a Gia lobster covered in ink ? And how do you propose we do that ? My God ! He was so saturated with ink that his entire body structure was polarized ! Zoidberg : You mean I 'm invisible ? No , no , no . Not in any sense of the word . But essentially , yes , entirely . Man : It 's no use , Zoidberg . We 're , like , 85 % sure you 're in there ! Where is that rat ? Zoidberg 's : Zoidberg 's not here . All right , but if you see him , give him one of these and one of these ... Give and not one of these . Come on , clamps , let 's go , and watch out ... there 's some sort of smelly air pocket over here . Well , that 's that . We ain 't getting our money ba from this Zoidberg . Hey , boss , this here casino looks like it makes lot of money . Maybe the mafia should get involved in the casino business . What are you , an idiot ? Pretty much , yeah . Then you won 't notice when I claim your idea as my own . Come on , let 's go take over this casino . Leo : Fore ! Mr. wong , we have a mafia proposal for you . Your casino ... give it to us . Okay , fine , I just retire to my fabulous mansion . Hey , boss , ain 't that the type of mansion you like ? : Oh , Amy , the mafia took everything we had ... our casino , our home , and our collection of rare servants . Don 't worry , mom , you can always come live with me . No , we can 't . Who do you think been paying your rent ? What 's rent ? Okay , we 're at the dump . Where should we heave this stuff ? It 's not a dump . It 's the company housing we built for our employees . Only place we can afford now . Just drop it here on this bloody mattress ? Thanks , tissue ghost . Zoidberg : You can 't afford tissue any more . This is Walgreens brand nose paper . Zoidberg ? You snuck in here while I was taking a bath ? No , you snuck in here while I was grabbing a bubble cake . Listen , Zoidberg , I owe you an apology . No , no , no . Go ahead . I was condescending to you 'cause you were poor , but now I realize it can happen to anyone . I 'm sorry . I appreciate that , Amy . Is there any way I can help , maybe ? No , I don 't see how ... Wait , don 't see . That 's how you can help . There 's one sure way to set everything right . We 'll use your invisibility to pull off a daring and complex casino heist . Of course , because no one can possibly know what I 'm up to . I 've summoned you to the chart room to explain how we 're going to break into the casino vault , steal millions of dollars from under the mafia 's nose , and return the casino to its rightful owners . Questions ? Um , how come we 've never been in this room before ? I think this chart will answer that . Now , the heist . As you know , the main vault is here in the counting room on the top floor . But your dad said it 's the galaxy 's most secure safe . Yes , but they open it every day at 3 : 45 to load the take . Then Zoidberg walks right in because he 's invisible . Well , that , that just might work . Zoidberg : Over here with the donut . But the money 's not invisible . If the mafia sees stacks of cash floating out , won 't they shoot first and ask questions later ? Not if Zoidberg eats the money . Everything he swallows turns invisible . Zoidberg : Like so . Then later we just retrieve it at our convenience . Hold on , that much cash would weigh over 300 pounds . How can Zoidberg walk out with that much weight ? And he may be invisible , but he 's not insmellable . He stinks like the inside of a tauntaun . Won 't someone notice the stench ? No , and to keep you on your toes , I 'll explain why only after the heist has begun . The key to the whole operation is the casino 's shrimp buffet . Today is Friday , the day the week-old shrimp get hauled off , so the stench should be just strong enough to mask Zoidberg 's presence . Ew , what 's bringing the stank ? It ain 't my gambling diaper . I just changed it . Must be the shrimp . It 's working . Zoidberg , what are you doing ? Sorry , I 'm just so hungry . Don 't spoil your appetite . You need to eat 300 pounds of cash salad . Amy : At precisely 3 : 40 , the Hazmat team arrives to swap out the shrimp . Meanwhile , ten floors above , the vault is being opened . Something don 't smell right . Eh , shut your nose . It 's just the shrimp cart . Zoidberg : Oh ... I think there was something wrong with that rotten shrimp . Stop griping . Now get in there , and remember , eat everything in the safe , especially the little metal box . That 's the most valuable thing of all . Three , two , one . Oh , no , our cart ! We count on that for our job that we do . Pew . Joey , you got fingers , right ? Help me fix the lady 's wheel . Amy : Once our man 's inside , we 'll need to distract the Donbot so he doesn 't close the safe prematurely . You know , I think I 'll close the safe a little prematurely today . Whoa-ho ! Don 't shut that door , partner . I 'm a cr-razy Texas robot millionaire , and I plan on losing billions in your " casiny . " Eh , can you assure me my losings will be safe in this here money closet ? Yes . Please step aside . : Four-alarm chili . Four-alarm chili . Hello ! I 'm prime minister Nelson Okeke of Nigeria . I trust you received my spam e-mail ? Nelson , thank God you 're here , Hermes ! Oy , so full . And I still have to eat the metal box . As you can see by my jeans and hoodie , I 'm a young Internet billionaire . Help ! I 'm sick ! I can 't move at all ! What was that ? Uh , I said " aseeka kanamoo atall . " It means , uh , " we must leave now in an unusual manner . " It means , uh , I 'm enjoying the casino business . You meet a lot of colorful characters . Okay , you 're good to go . Get this bubba dump out of here . Okay , push " roof " and we 're home free ! Fry : Zoidberg 's too heavy ! The elevator 's dropping ! Change of plan ! We 'll have to leave through the main exit ! Everybody say " fresh shrimp ! " Zoidberg : Oh ... that was a rough ride . Uh-oh . Look ! The shrimp cart 's paying out ! Keep going . We 're almost outside ! Zoidberg , try to just burp up singles . Fry : Blind Joe ! Smell with your eyes what I see with my nose . Well , well , well , what have we here ? Seriously , what is that ? It 's whoever or whatever just emptied out your safe . Allight , shoot him , blind Joe . And let this be a lesson to any other albino lobsters thinking of robbing our casino There ya go . Don 't shoot ! I have a deal to offer you . Sorry . We native martians aren 't so crazy about deals with the wong family . That 's because you don 't know the original deal , the one my family kept secret for centuries . That 's because you don 't know the origin This is the original contract signed by Reginald wong . It stated that my ancestors would hold the land for a hundred years , after which it was supposed to revert to the martians . This casino belongs to your people ! But Amy , you planned this whole thing to get the casino back ! Yes , back to its rightful owners . Now just a hold-on minute . This casino is wrongfully ours . Security ! Escort the trespassers to one of the desert 's finest holes . With ironic pleasure . Let 's go , trespassers . Hey ! What ? Hey ! Hey , what are you doing ? Take it eas ' ! Well , we lost the casino , but thanks to Amy 's kindness , the martians gave us ba our house ... And our other casino . Zoidberg : So what happens to the hero of our story , Zoidberg ? Will I be invisible forever ? No , only until you take a bath and wash off this invisible ink . So , forever . Aw , come on . U can use the spa tub in the high-roller suite . Zoidberg : ♪ Hey , big lobster ! ♪ ♪ Take a little bath with me !
