 So I 'm going to show you the next piece of the plan to defeat the Observers . ( Male announcer ) Previously on Fringe ... Donald ... Donald ? That was the name of the man that was waiting for Walter 21 years ago . ( Walter ) He 's gone . He was a part of the plan , and without all of the parts , the plan is useless ! ( Peter ) And you have no idea who Donald is . No . We have to find him . ( Olivia ) This radio was left for us in the pocket universe but the tuning dial 's been jammed . It 's , like , stuck on the frequency . ( Astrid ) Why ? Nothing 's being transmitted . The man I was before- - he was consumed by ambition , by hubris , and all he cared about was walking with the Gods . Everyone that I care about will be driven away . It 's the only way to hold on to the man I 've become . You must remove these pieces of my brain . [ Beeping ] Walter ? [ Beeping continues ] [ Floor creaks ] Walter . Hello , Astrid . Walter , what are you doing out here ? Your hair ... It 's beautiful . Thanks . [ Beeping ] Did you fix this radio ? Because it 's picking up a signal . It 's beautiful . You okay ? Yeah . Yeah , I just can 't sleep . How are you feeling ? I had another one of those headaches . Can I get you something ? No . I got everything I need right here . [ Knock on door ] There 's something you both need to see . The radio 's working . The pattern 's repeating on a loop . It 's like it 's some kind of morse code , but it 's not morse code , or at least it 's not any morse code that I 've ever heard . So do you think maybe it 's Donald ? Why now ? How would he even know that we 're still alive ? Well , he left the radio for Walter for a reason , and he left it on that frequency for a reason . Maybe he 's trying to contact us . Well , yeah , him or anybody else with a shortwave radio . The only way to know for sure is to find out what that message is . Walter . Walter ? Do you recognize this ? It 's gonna be difficult to get any information from him right now because he dropped acid . Walter . [ Echoing ] Walter ? [ Operatic music ] ♪ Walter ? Are you tripping ? Most definitely . [ Mysterious music ] ♪ Fringe 5x09 ♪ Black Blotter Original Air Date on December 14 , 2012 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ♪ ( Peter ) Walter ... I need to talk to you . Can you concentrate for a moment ? Carla Warren is here . My old dead lab assistant is here to haunt me . The one that was burned in the fire . The radio is picking up a transmission . We think it 's from Donald . Do you recognize it ? Okay , I ran prelims on the transmission through my encryption program , just trying to figure out if there 's some sort of pattern hidden in the beeps and tones , but I can 't make heads or tails of it . Okay , Walter , if they 're right and Donald did send you a message , it makes sense that he 'd expect you to know it . Right . Makes sense . Why send me a message I can 't understand ? So can you ? Hmm ? Understand it ? [ Beeping ] It 's in " A " minor . Peter , I 'm sorry . I didn 't know we were going to get a message . How could I know that ? I wouldn 't have taken the acid if I had known that . What kind of acid did you take ? Black Blotter . I found some hidden in the storeroom . Why ? Because it was an excellent batch . No , why did you drop acid ? I 'm desperate to remember the plan before he completely takes over . Who are you talking about , Walter ? Nina and I made an arrangement . What kind of arrangement ? She promised that when I finished the plan to defeat the Observers , she would help me remove the pieces of brain that they put back in . I don 't think that 's a good idea , Walter . I don 't want to lose you , Peter . I don 't want to lose any of you . And you won 't , Walter . I 'm right here . We 're all right here together . It 's not enough . I 'm afraid we 're running out of time . What do you mean , Walter ? Two nights ago , you were all asleep . I found myself at the tunnel entrance door , dressed and ready to go , to go outside . Out there . Where was I going at 3 : 00 in the morning , Peter ? Where ? I don 't know , Walter . And neither do I ! But he does . But he does . He knows where I was going . Who knows , Walter ? The Walter that was . [ Timer dings ] I don 't even remember what I was doing . It 's like the first time I went out , but I stopped myself . But what if next time I didn 't stop myself , couldn 't stop myself , what then ? I promised you , Peter , but he made me . He almost made me . For reasons I do not know . I need to figure out this blasted plan to defeat the Observers , and I have to do it quickly to rid myself of this devil . There must be something they left intact , something I can use . Peter . Peter . Peter , I don 't think I should be discussing this in my condition . You need to allow me to do my work . I need to think , to figure out the tones . Okay , come on . What if we don 't have to crack the code ? What do you mean ? The signal 's coming from somewhere . If we track it , maybe we can figure out what it means . Peter , can we locate where this signal is being broadcast from ? Well , I 'll get in contact with Anil , see if the resistance has a receiver that can help us triangulate the signal . ♪ Hurdy Gurdy Man by Donovan plays ♪ ♪ Thank you , my dear . ♪ Hurdy gurdy , hurdy gurdy , hurdy gurdy , gurdy " , he says ♪ Hurdy gurdy , hurdy gurdy , hurdy gurdy , gurdy " , he says The tech works by isolating the frequency of the radio signal you 're looking for . It locates the signal by using three different vectors to triangulate the signal . ( Peter ) And we have to be at a certain elevation to track it ? No , the machine does it for you , utilizing a satellite . ( Peter ) Hey , Walter . We 're about to find the signal 's origin . I know that . ( Carla ) Do you know that there 's something hidden in this lab ? ( Peter ) Walter ? Walter ? What 's wrong with him ? When did he get here ? Half an hour ago . He brought the tech that 's gonna help us track the signal 's location . Let me set the parameters . Set those red geolocate buttons to " accept . " [ Beeping ] [ Beeping ] Go back . I think that was it . [ Beeping ] [ Beeping ] Have to go on foot from here , but the transmission 's definitely coming from that direction . Well , how far out ? Uh , it 's hard to say , but the signal 's still strong . I 'm guessing not more than a couple hundred yards . What ? You amaze me . After everything I 've put you through , I did the very thing I promised you I wouldn 't do , I left you again . I 'm more than a little embarrassed , you know ? Peter , you don 't have to say anything . No , I do . I don 't deserve you . I 'm just so lucky , so incredibly lucky to have you . Peter . [ Beeping ] It was an Observer . [ Beeping ] Peter ? There are two more over here . Another Observer and a Loyalist . Looks like they were killed during a firefight . Based on the decomp of their bodies , I 'd say 10 , 15 years ago at least . I think we just found Donald . Liv , take a look at this . It 's an early prototype Observer gun . Looks like he killed the two Observers and the Loyalist but then died of his wounds before he could drive away . Well , if Donald 's been dead all these years , then where 's the signal coming from ? Right over there . [ Beeping ] Olivia ! This isn 't the source of the transmission . It 's just a relay being used to boost the signal that 's being bounced in from somewhere else . Whats it ? The body behind the wheel , it isn 't Donald . It 's Sam Weiss . Walter . What is it ? Was there a man that was part of the plan named Sam Weiss ? Sam Weiss . I 've never heard of him . He doesn 't know him . Who is he ? Uh , he was someone that Peter and I knew in a different time line . Was ? Yeah , we just found his body . Looks like he was trying to protect the signal relay from the radio transmission . What did he have to do with Donald and the signal ? ( Olivia ) We don 't know , but apparently , he was helping to keep the transmission going . Well , is there a possibility that Sam Weiss was Donald ? I don 't think so . I mean , we 've seen glimpses of Donald on the video tapes , and his hair color and body type just doesn 't match up . Peter 's recalibrating the tracking device so that we can find the signal 's origin point . We 'll call you back as soon as we have something new . Yeah . ( Carla ) Okay , she won 't see you now . You 're still cold , Walter . Colder . This is absurd . I haven 't got time for infantile games . Just tell me what it is you have me looking for . Your secrets . I have no idea what you 're talking about . And I can 't begin to guess . ( Carla ) Can 't ? That word was never in the vocabulary of the Walter Bishop I knew . He once told me , " There is no God in this lab but me . " He is not me . Tell her , Nina . He 's right . That Walter would think nothing of going off on his own to New York right now . He 'd share all his secrets with the Observers , demonstrate his unequaled brilliance . A man of your staggering intellect and vision would be recognized by the Observers , valued , revered even . Grab your coat and hat . Stop . I won 't let you talk me into leaving the lab by myself again . I promised Peter ! I will not jeopardize the plan . I won 't risk the safety of everyone I care about . ( Astrid ) Walter ? Warmer . You 're burning up . And I know how that feels . I don 't understand . What is this ? No , put it back , Walter . ( Carla ) It 's your life 's work , the work I came to burn the night that I died . Perhaps just a peek . [ Indistinct chatter ] Oh . This is my matter displacement invention for removing food from cans . I was going to render the can opener obsolete . Mister . I don 't know if I can make change for this . Try . Oh . And my design for the combustible engine powered by potatoes . What 's black umbrella ? Is that in here ? What is black umbrella ? Why is it in my head ? [ Knock on window ] Oh . Would you care for a top off , sir ? I have purple microdot , or would you like to stick with the Black Blotter ? I don 't mind if I do . Excellent choice , sir . ♪ The Pusher by Steppenwolf plays ♪ Ah , when I crossed universes to save Peter , this is when I first realized how I could do it . And do you remember anything else ? When you were going to create your own universe and start from scratch ? I 'm not who you say I am . I am not that man anymore . Where am I ? You 're in Manhattan . Manhattan ? At the Observer precinct . What am I doing here ? You snuck out of the lab , you tricked Astrid . Why would I do that ? I--I promised Peter . I promised that I wouldn 't leave the lab alone again . I wouldn 't make a unilateral decision like that . I wouldn 't do something that could hurt the people I love . You 're in denial . You 've been him longer than you 've been you . Why else do you think I 'm here ? I 'm just like this journal . I represent all of the things that you 're trying to keep buried . ♪ I wanted to cry for you . I 'm different now . It was a surgical procedure that made you the Walter you 're clinging to , but you can 't hide from who you are . I 've made a terrible mistake . I 've risked everything . I 've put everybody in jeopardy . I must find my way home . ♪ Come on , Walter . We 're waiting for you . What are we doing here ? We 're meeting Peter and Olivia . We have to rent a boat , remember ? Boat ? Ooh . [ Laughs ] What 's wrong with him ? He 's fine . [ Laughs ] Here you go . It 's at the end of the dock . But easy on the choke 'cause it 'll flood the engine if you give it too much gas . All right , let 's go , Walter . [ Chuckling ] Why do we need a boat , Peter ? Because we used the tech that Anil gave us to locate the origin point of Donald 's signal . Where 's it coming from ? There . That island . That 's where we 're going , Walter . That 's where Donald is ? We 're gonna find out . Oh , my . Watch your step , Walter . What 's wrong ? What 's happening ? Walter , it 's okay . Just relax . No , we have to- - no . No , Walter . Just slow down . Slow down . Hey , you there . Afternoon . Hold up . Yeah , we 're just going down to visit my Uncle . Your Uncle ? He lives out on Thimble Island . I 'm gonna have to do a scan . Sure thing , no problem . You have papers ? Yeah , right here . Go . Come on , Walter . Why are these mice shooting at us ? Let 's go . [ Beep ] Based on the strength of the signal , we gotta be getting close . Look , there 's a path just over there . How you doing , Walter ? He 's fine . [ Beeping ] This is where the signal originates . [ Door creaks open ] [ Gun cocks ] Who are you ? What do you want ? We 're here to meet Donald . Are you Donald ? There 's no Donald here . Have you ever seen this man before ? You recognize him ? I don 't know who you are , but I suggest you turn around and go back where you came from . Astrid . Do you see him ? The child Observer . Oh , my God . It 's him . ( Woman ) Richard ? Who are these people ? I have it under control , Carolyn . Go back inside . We 're here because of a man named Donald . You know him ? He left a radio for us , and this morning it started transmitting a signal that led us here . Put the gun down . Richard , we knew this day could happen , that one day someone would come for him . You said you picked up a radio transmission . Then you know it contained a message with a password . The message was in code . We couldn 't crack it . Donald said the person he left the radio for would know the code . If you are who you say you are , tell me the password . Tell me the password . ♪ Aah ! [ Humming ] Hmm . Ah ! [ Laughs ] Huh ? Ah . Mm . Mm-hmm . [ Chuckles ] Hmm . [ Dog barks ] [ Humming ] [ Grunts ] [ Gulps ] [ Grunting ] Huh ? Aah ! Black umbrella . It 's black umbrella . That 's the password . Black umbrella . I think you better come inside . You know Donald . So what can you tell us about him ? When the invaders came and people started to fight back , my wife and I helped the cause in any way we could . We gave food , supplies , medical attention , and shelter to those courageous enough to stand up against them . You were part of the resistance . We didn 't call ourselves that back then , but yes . After a while , we acquired a reputation as people who could be trusted . That 's how we met Donald . About eight months after the invasion , he showed up at our doorstep . He said the invaders were looking for him and he had to go away . But he needed us to watch over the boy . He said he was part of an important plan to defeat the invaders . Donald said he 'd worked with a scientist from Boston , but the scientist had been captured , he wasn 't sure he 'd ever see him again but that he hoped that he would . ( Walter ) That 's me . Did Donald say where he was going ? No . And you never saw him again after that ? That was part of the arrangement . He couldn 't come back . He didn 't want to put us in danger . We heard that he was dead . Before he left , he gave us this . We had to turn it on every five days at the same time , so it could broadcast a coded message . If you were still alive , you would get the message and come for the boy . That was over 20 years ago . ( Carolyn ) He doesn 't speak . He hasn 't aged a day since he came to live with us . We call him Michael . There were times when I thought about not turning that signal on anymore . Selfishly , I wanted to keep him here with us . This is the hardest day for me . I never doubted that Michael was important , that he was meant for something great . [ Somber music ] ♪ Here . Something to warm you up . It 's just hot cocoa . I had a daughter , and when she was little , she loved hot cocoa . She used to say , that of all the hot cocoa in the world , mine was her favorite . Do you know me ? Do you remember me ? But he met us in a different time line . How could he possibly remember you ? Observers experience time differently . Maybe he does too . ( Carla ) [ Echoing ] You can 't hide from who you are . Some things are not ours to tamper with . Some things are God 's . ( Walter ) There 's only room for one God in this lab , and it 's not yours . ( Elizabeth ) God , I just can 't bear it when you 're not here . You know what I 'm doing , you know where I am , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . I won 't give up , Elizabeth . I can do this . I need you not to doubt me . Nothing 's going to happen to you . I promise . Walter , you 're trying to create a wormhole into another universe ? Yes . I think I just said that . I 'm sorry , but you can 't . Yes , I think I can . No , Walter , I won 't let you do it . [ Grunting ] Walter ! [ Grunting ] No ! Walter , there has to be a line somewhere . There has to be a line we can 't cross . My son is dying , Dr. Warren . I will not allow that to happen again . I am become death , destroyer of worlds . Don 't you quote Oppenheimer . Knowledge cannot be pursued without morality . You sound like a sanctimonious southern preacher ! I may go to church every Sunday , Walter , but I also have three degrees in theoretical physics , and I am telling you you cannot do this . We both know the amount of energy required to create a portal will forever ruin both universes . For the sake of one life , you will destroy the world . Some things are not ours to tamper with . Some things are God 's . ( Walter ) There 's only room for one God in this lab , and it 's not yours . The journal doesn 't matter . Even if you burn it , it 's too late now that you remember all the things you 're capable of . ( Nina ) Walter , you got the boy back . You 've got to continue . You 've got to keep fighting . ( Carla ) I think we both know you 're too tired to do that . There 's nothing to burn . You 've been him longer than you 've been you . = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
