 America is an irradiated wasteland . Within it lies a city . Outside the boundary walls , a desert . Accursed earth . Inside the walls , accursed city , stretching from Boston to Washington DC . An unbroken , concrete landscape . 800 million people living in the ruin of the old world , and the mega structures of the new one . Mega-Blocks , Mega-Highways . Mega-City One . Convulsing , choking . Breaking under its own weight . Citizens in fear of the street . The gun , the gang . Only one thing fighting for order in the chaos . The men and women of the Hall of Justice . Juries . Executioners . Judges . - Shots fired . - Request areal surveillance . I have a control drone flagging three perps . Responders needed in sub sector 20 , fly over five . We have a positive ID on three suspects , wanted on multiple counts . Any judges , please respond . Dredd to Control , in pursuit of vehicle , sector 13 . Driving erratic , suspects are under the influence of narcotics . - What ? - I said we got a judge on our tail ! Take him out or we 're dead fucking meat ! Fuck ! - Do you require backup ? - No . Fucker ! Die ! Judges , motherfuckers ! Be advised , we have lost visual . Control , perps just wiped out an innocent , I 'm taking them down . - Bike , activate crowd control . - Activated . Citizens be calm , step back from the crime scene . Interference with a crime scene carries an automatic five year sentence in the iso-cubes . Fucking get out of here ! Control , paramedics to my GPS , multiple wounded , - and bodies for recyc . - Copy Dredd . Shut the fuck up . - Let 's talk . - About what , judge ? Release the hostage , unharmed , and I guarantee you a sentence , life in an iso-cube , without parole . Life without parole ? That 's a deal you 're offering ? Only if you comply . Your crimes include multiple homicide and the attempt of murder of a judge . If you do not comply , the sentence is death . You aren 't a very good negotiator judge . You know why ? You got no fucking leverage ! Here 's the deal , you let me walk or I 'll blow her fucking brains out . Negotiation 's over . What are you doing ? Didn 't you hear what I said ? I 'll kill the bitch ! - Yeah , I heard you hot shot . - What ? I said , hot shot . Control to Dredd , come in . Is your pursuit resolved ? - Affirmative . - Report back to the Hall of Justice , the Chief Judge wants to see you . Thank you Judge . The level one will reopen in 30 minutes . Thank you for your patience . Cassandra Anderson , 21 . Born in a Block 100 meters from the radiation boundary wall . At age 7 she lost both parents to residual fallout cancer . As is usual with orphans she was given a Judge Aptitude test at age 9 . It classified her as unsuitable , but she was added under the Academy on special instruction . In the Academy , her record was never better than border line . The final Academy score put her 3 % points below pass . So what 's she doing in the uniform ? - Rookie Anderson ? - Sir ? - How many people are observing you ? Two . What can you tell me about the person I 'm with ? Male ... Another judge . I can feel anger , and control . But ... There 's something else , something behind the control , something ... - Almost ... - Okay , Anderson . She 's a mutant . The Judges Council chosen to overlook her status . So you will too . She 's the most powerful psychic we 've ever come across by a huge margin . The judges are loosing the war for this city . We believe she could be a major asset . As I said , her final score was only 3 points below a pass , it 's marginal . - It 's not marginal , she failed . - The girl 's getting one more chance . I want you to take her out , give her one day in the field , supervised . See if she makes the grade . Sink or swim , chuck her in the deep end . It 's all a deep end . Rookie judge on assessment is likely to be involved in armed combat , one five don 't survive the first day . You may be required to carry out on the spot executions of convicted felons . Yes sir . Incorrect sentencing is an automatic fail . Disobeying a direct order from your assessment officer is an automatic fail . Losing your primary weapon or having it taken from you is an automatic fail . - Yes sir . - You ready rookie ? I am . Your assessment starts now . We got trouble . They were selling external product on my level . I warned them off with a beating a couple of weeks ago . - Guess it didn 't work . - You can 't deal with it yourself ? I can deal with it . The question is whether you want to make an example of them . Skin them , toss them over the balcony . - Hit them with a little Slo-Mo first ? - Sure . Responders in the vicinity of Peach Trees we have a report of a triple homicide . The paramedic is on site , and is cordoning off the area . 12 serious crimes reported every minute , 17.000 per day . - We can respond to around 6 % . - Which 6 % ? Your show rookie , you tell me . Peach Trees , multiple homicide . Dredd to Control , we 'll take Peach Trees . OK rookie , what do you know about Peach Trees ? Sir , Peach Trees has 75.000 registered citizens . It has the highest crime rate in Sector 13 , unemployment rate of 96 % . More than half residential levels here are classed as slums . Rookie , judgement ? Vagrancy , three weeks iso-cubes . But priority are murders ? Correct , don 't be here when we get back . So why do you want to be a judge ? Sir , I want to protect and serve the city , - to make a difference . - Make a difference ? To a Block like this ? I was born and raised in a Block like this , before the Justice Department took me . I know there are good people inside , good families , just trying to get by . Yes , I believe I can make a difference . Admirable . What do you got ? Three stiffs in somewhat fucked up condition . - You 're based in Peach Trees ? - Med centre , level 25 . You ID them ? Mostly , these 2 are registered to this Block . And him ? I have to run his blood through DNA profiler , if I could figure out which blood is his . What do you make of this , rookie ? I don 't know sir . - It 's a burn from Slo-Mo inhaler . - Slo-Mo ? Only just hit the grid , but it 's making big waves . Makes the brain feel as if time is passing at 1 % its normal speed . Guess it felt like a long way down . Positive on your ID 's . All shown convictions for possession of narcotics . Transmitting data now . Small time perps , junkies , no know gang affiliation . What 's your analysis ? Drugged , skinned , displayed in public . I think it 's a punishment killing , someone 's trying to send a message . Yeah , don 't fuck with the Ma-Ma clan . Ma-Ma clan ? We have her on record from her whoring days . Picture 's pretty old , but that 's her . Madeline Madrigal , aka Ma-Ma . Ex hooker from the S-9 pleasure district . Quit working when she got sliced up by her pimp . She got her own back . Block legend says she feminizied the guy with her teeth . Took over his business interests and never looked back . Anyone else , you 'd say I was bullshitting , right ? Not with Ma-Ma , her trademark is violence . Not so long ago , there were 3 main gangs hustling for control of Peach Trees . Kings , the Wet Dragons , the Judged . Then Ma-Ma arrived . She took over the top floor of the Block and started working her way down . Nine months later , she had control of everything . Levels 1 to 200 , all hers . - How did she get away with it ? - You know how often we get a judge up in Peach Trees ? Well you got one now . The victims are registered to apartments on level 39 , likely killed over turf issue . So , perps will be in the vicinity . Rookie ? Find out where the clan operate on this level and hit it hard . That would be here . I take it this is your first time in non-simmed combat ? Yes sir . I 've been wondering when you 'd remember you left your helmet behind . Sir a helmet can interfere with my psychic abilities . I think a bullet might interfere with them more . - You ready ? - Yes sir . - You don 't look ready . - Just adrenaline , sir . Rookie ? Anderson , judgement ? Crime : possession and use of controlled substances . Sentence : 2 years , iso-cubes . Don 't tell me , tell Control . Anderson to Control . Requesting meat wagon to Peach Tree , level 39 , we have 4 bodies for recyc , and 8 live waiting iso-cubes . Copy that , meat wagon in bound . Alright , let 's get them cuffed . Move , up ! Sir , this one 's a gang member , he ... - Sir , it 's him . - Him who ? The man who murdered the people in the atrium . You sure ? 99 % . Can 't execute a perp on 99 % . Saved me a lot of paperwork if you 'd just confess right now . We 'll take him in . See how he holds up after a few hours of interrogation . Oh shit ! Judges ! No , no , no ... Caleb , there 's a problem on level 39 . The judges hit the distribution point , shot the place up , took out the few of the boys . So what , we 're over due a bust , it 's the judges showing their faces , reminding the citizens they exist . - They picked up Kay . - Executed ? Interrogation , they 're taking him in right now . - Fuck . - If Kay talks ... - If they 're taking him in , he 'll talk . - Ma ... What are you gonna do ? That one 's still breathing . Control room is secure . Order is in . You 're good to go . Sector control . Sector control , this is Peach Tree 's control , I just want to check you were notified about the defcon system 's test today ? Copy that , Peach Tree I do not have you down for defcon test . - We must be , if you check the ... - I 've got nothing . God fucking dammit Sector ! I put in the notification myself , three fucking times ! We are good to go right now ! I got my supervisor breathing down my neck . Hold fire Peach Tree , let me get on this . OK , I put you on the system , call the emergency services and notify to ignore your status , and run the test any time you like . Appreciate that Sector , you just saved my ass over here . You 're welcome Peach Tree . Sir , he 's thinking about making a move for your gun . Yeah . - He just changed his mind . - Yup . Then , enter the passkey , you should be inside . Security protocols accessed . War protocol accessed . Blast shield initiated . Warned you , get up , you 're headed for the cubes . Stand clear of doors ! All residents remain calm ! All residents remain calm ! What 's going on ? Lock down complete ! You 're patched in . Peach Trees , this is Ma-Ma . Somewhere in this Block are two judges . I want them dead . Until I get what I want , the Block is locked down . All clan in every level , hunt the judges down . Everyone else , clear the corridors and stay the fuck out of our way until the shooting stops . If I hear of anyone helping the judges I will kill them and the next generation of their family . - As for the judges ... - We better move . Sit tight , or run . Makes no difference , you 're mine . Control we have a situation developing at Peach Trees , do you copy ? - Control do you copy ? - My comms are down too . Shielding must be blocking our transmissions . We 'll head for the med centre . - Call it ! - Sorry ? - You 're on assessment rookie , call it . Multiple armed targets , obstructed line of sight , gas grenades ? Respirators . I advise you to hold your breath . I want the north and the east corridor totally covered . Sal 's got the west and the south . And spread out your hardware . Wanna have these judges back to Ma-Ma on a plate . We 're gonna have to go through them . Stun grenade . Let 's give them the good news . Citizens of Peach Trees , this is the law . Disperse immediately , or we will use lethal force to clear the area . - Where 's that coming from ? - Over there , access corridor . You have been warned . You now have 20 seconds to comply . It 's you doin ' the complying ' judge . There 's 10 of us , only 2 of you ! Why don 't you step out from behind that doorway or we 're gonna blow the fuck out of you . - 10 seconds to comply . - Fuck you judge . - You got five . - Thanks for the heads up . Please . What are you waiting for rookie ? His crime is attempted murder of a judge , his sentence is death . Yes sir . Open up . Open up ! - Negative , judge . - You know what 's going on out here . - We need a place we can defend . - And you better find some place else . This is a medical facility , neutral ground . Neutral ? You 're not neutral , you 're choosing sides . Peach Trees has been sealed by blast doors designed to withstand attack . No one is getting out , no one is coming in . And you have a clan affiliating the Block after your blood . There are no sides , you 're already dead . Looks like the Med Centre 's closed early today . Switch weapon to silenced mode . Our best bet now is to go covert . Conserve you ammunition , and don 't shoot unless you 're gonna hit . - Sir , what about the prisoner ? - Explain . Just , under the circumstances he could be a liability . Also a prime suspect in 3 homicides . What do you say rookie ? - Want to cut him loose ? - No sir . Get up . Hold on . Move . - Cathy ? - Who 's there ? - Cathy open the door . Clear . Secure the woman somewhere she can 't raise any alarms . We can 't . She has a baby , asleep in the next room . We can 't secure her if we don 't know when she 'll be freed . Is there a father ? He 's out there , looking for us . - Say that , what you were just thinking . - No , how did you ... It 's ok , go ahead . I 'm not raising any alarms . If the men out there don 't know where you are , you won 't be killing them . Go on . There 's a service elevator near here . The sign says it 's broken , but ... It works as long as you 're hitting the button above level 75 . I just want you off my level , away from my family . - Kathy ... - Don 't thank me . It 's not for you . I just don 't want to see you again . You won 't . This drug shifts like nothing I 've ever seen . If we play this right , we could take the whole fucking city . The only danger is if we expand too fast . Last few days we 've added distribution to three new blocks , pretty soon we 're looking at making inroads into Sectors 9 and 15 . - 15 is still red territory . - Ma ! You better come quick . We got one here , maybe 11 outside the Med centre , there 's 8 in the stairway and another 5 on level 18 . They 've downed 30 + and haven 't even taken a scratch . - Where are they now ? - I don 't know , but they seem to be moving their way up the Block . No wait , I just picked them up , they 're on level 76 west quadrant . Do you want me to patch you back in the PA ? We can get level 60-80 converging on them . No . Can you seal them in there ? Sure , war override gives me total control of the building . That 's not good . Full lock down , they 're going nowhere . I tried to do this clean but they wouldn 't let me , so now we do it messy . Too late , judge . - Caleb , come in . - Ma ? We got them cornered , we 're taking them down right now . We 'd need oxyacetylene to cut through . They know where we are , why aren 't they coming after us ? That 's what worries me . Take him back to the main lobby . Hold position behind the elevator shaft . It will be a good place to defend . Where are you going ? If I don 't come back and you get cornered ... You might not want to get taken alive . - Your call . - Sir . He 's right , you know . About not want to be taken alive . Stuff the Clan would do to a girl like you ... Nasty . We had a girl one time , girl about your age and a ... Well , anyway . I 'm just saying , save the last bullet for yourself . - And I 'll save second to last for you . - Sure . So you 're a mutant . Most of you poor fuckers got three stumpy arms or no arms . But , I guess you lucked out . You fit together pretty well . Pshychic ... It 's all fucked up . I heard about your kind . Kinda hard to believe it 's real . Like what am I thinking about right now ? Picturing a violent sexual liaison between the two of us in a pointless attempt to shock me . You 're good , but I wasn 't trying to shock you . If I was trying to shock you I 'd be thinking about this . What are you thinking about now ? - Oh shit . - Fire ! Get back ! Concentrate fire . High Ex ! Move ! There 's no way they survived . They 're not dead until we find them dead . Or part of them anyway . Coms are back on . - Control , do you copy ? - Copy that . 10-24 on my GPS , request immediate assistance . Copy , 10-24 , judges under fire . Showing your location at Peach Trees , Sector 13 , please confirm . Confirmed , be advised , blast door defences have been triggered . Can you hold your current GPS ? Negative . If they come for us we got nowhere to go . Copy that . Backup is on its way . Just stay alive . We got to go back in . Your gang locks down the whole Block . Massacres an entire quadrant , men , women and children , just to take out two judges . Sound like overkill to you ? I 'll tell you what I think . I think if we executed you in a bust , Ma-Ma would have let us walk out of here . What she doesn 't want , you taken back to the Sector house . She doesn 't want you interrogated . She 's afraid of you might say . That 's got me curious . - Spill it ! - Fuck you ! Sir . Sir ? If you leave it to me , he doesn 't have to speak . What are you up to , bitch ? Welcome to the inside of your head . It 's kind of empty in here . I don 't know what kind of mutant shit this is . But if my hands weren 't cuffed ... You aren 't cuffed , if you don 't want to be . - My head , do what I like ? - Sure . Thinking about hurting me doesn 't actually hurt me . Yeah , points to you , except ... - There is that thing . - What thing is that ? That I know how to freak you the fuck out . If you 're talking about my fucked up head ... Your fucked up head is gonna lose . Figure that will shut you up . I can play mind games too . You fucking bitch ! You sick fucking bitch ! We haven 't even started . Got it . Peach Trees is the manufacturing base for all the Slo-Mo in Mega City 1 . Ma-Ma is controlling the production and distribution across the whole city . Interesting . Peach Trees , can I help you ? We responded to report of judges under fire from within this Block . Judges under fire ? I am unaware of any such activity . We are actually undergoing a scheduled war defense test . Not anymore you 're not . Open the blast door , right now . Yes sir , the problem is we 've had a software malfunction and I 've lost control of the system . We 've had a fire on level 76 . You better get control fast , or I 'm slapping you with an obstruction of justice charge . Five years in the cubes , mandatory . Will do sir , I 'm on it right now . Thank you . We have new intel about Ma-Ma , and we 've managed to get a 10-24 to Control . Parameters are shifting . What are the options Anderson ? Keep moving in attempt to avoid further detection , or find a place to defend . Same as before , except now we know backup is inbound . You 're giving us two options , defend or hide ? Yes sir . What about we attack ? Head straight for Ma-Ma . - Is that an option ? - Well , she 's guilty , we 're judges . Sir , with backup inbound I think we should wait until the odds have shifted in our favor . - Wrong answer ? - You 're the psychic . Clear . - Why don 't you shoot them ? - What do you mean why don 't I shoot them ? Why don 't you ? - Okay , we can do it now . - Do it . - You do it . Shit ! Why did it have to be us who found them ? Alright , come on . Info terminal , let 's check the schematics . Freeze ! Why ? Why what ? Why should I freeze ? Because otherwise , I 'll shoot you . With safety on ? It is ? How do you want it kids ? Body bags or juve cubes ? Makes no difference to me . Stun ! You 're so fucked . - Now then , what am I gonna do with you ? - You 're going to do nothing . All this trouble is your doing . When you got busted you should 've killed the judges , or have been killed yourself . Instead you let yourself get taken like the dumb fuck you are . But I ... Shut the fuck up . I 'd kill you myself , but I already lost plenty today , I can 't afford to loose more . Sooner or later the Justice Department is gonna come through the blast doors looking for their judges . They 'll find their bodies all shot up . One on level 25 , one in the slum , just a bust that went wrong . That means no torture , no raping , no skinning , just a bunch of bullets to the head and chest . Do you understand me ? - Yes . Do you fucking understand me ? - Yes . Ma ? He 's back . It 's the other judge , he 's patched himself to one of the terminals . I think he 's trying to access the PA . - Can 't you stop him ? - I can shut down the whole system , but ... If you let him talk I can trace which terminal he 's using . We 'll know exactly where he is . Inhabitants of Peach Trees . This is Judge Dredd . Let him talk . In case you people have forgotten , this Block operates under the same rules as the rest of the city . Ma-Ma is not the law . I am the law . Ma-Ma is a common criminal . Guilty of murder . Guilty of manufacturing and distribution of a narcotic Slo-Mo . And as of now , under sentence of death . If anyone obstruct me in carrying out my duty will be treated as an accessory to her crimes . You have been warned . And as for you Ma-Ma . Judgement time . I got him . He 's only 10 levels below us , south quad balcony , terminal 5 . Motherfucker . Fucker still hasn 't gone down . That 's not him ! Incendiary . How the fuck are we gonna stop this guy ? Call 911 . We got a 10-24 from this Block , 2 judges under fire , requesting urgent assistance . - You 're standing outside . - Block 's under lock down . Malfunction with their defense system . Open up , now . You 're relieved . So what do we got ? Two judges trigger a turf war . Judges die in pursuit of duty . - And perps who killed the judges ? - Laid out here . - Sounds right . Excuse me . That 's not what 's happening . I 've been here right from the start . This killing is all about one gang , the Ma-Ma clan . And from the sound of gunfire , I 'd say at least one of your two judges is still alive . - You prepared to testify to that ? - Sure . One million credits . - One million ? - You have a problem with a judge , - you know who he is ? - No . I do , one million . - Fine . - Kaplan , protection detail on client . - Chan , Alvarez , you 're flushing him out . - You got it . - Where 's the other one ? The rookie ? - We got her here . - Dead or alive ? - Alive . Make her dead . You there , identify yourself . - Chan , Sector 9 . - Dredd , Sector 13 . Responding to a 10-24 . Good to see you Dredd . - Likewise , you alone ? - Negative . Three man squad closing on my vector right now . So relax , cavalry is here . - Two . - Two ? Two of us called in the 10-24 . Wondering why you didn 't ask about the other one . Lex , move it ! Choke on it , Dredd . Choke on that . Oh shit . I bet you thought you 'd make your family proud . Not much chance of that now . Now this , I always wanted one of these , this is ... You were shit out of luck when you ran into the Ma-Ma clan . But don 't feel too bad . I 've seen a lot of judges in my time , and you 're just not cut out for this . I mean , if you didn 't get killed today , it was gonna be tomorrow , or it was gonna be the day after that . Anyway , today it is . You got any last words , bitch ? That 's funny . I was gonna ask you that . Bitch . Kay is dead . - Find somewhere to hide . - Where are you going ? I 've got the girl cold . I see her first , I shoot her . She sees me first , she hesitates , then I shoot her . What 's the price for judge these days ? Million . Split 4 ways . 3 ways now . Suits me . Doesn 't sound like much . To betray the law . Betray the city . Save that shit for the rookies . 20 years I 've been on the streets . You know what Mega City 1 is Dredd ? It 's a fucking meat grinder . People go in one end . Meat comes out the other . All we do , is turning the handle . Rapid fire . Incendiary , armor piercing . High ex . Motherfucker . - Two way split . - Yeah , I 'd be breaking a sweat . If you hadn 't just run out of bullets . Lower your gun rookie , I 'm your backup . Armor piercing . Wait . Wait ? Are you kidding me ? Did you say wait ? Judge Dredd . The Judge Dredd . Finally gets on the wrong end of a gun , and what he says is wait . You know what , I expected more of you . I mean , wait for what ? Wait for me to change my mind ? Wait for another 2 or 3 seconds of life cos you 're so fucking weak , you just can 't stand to see it end ? No . Wait for her to shoot you . Ok , basic field dressing . Reload . - Ready ? - Yeah . You look ready . Please don 't shoot ! Don 't shoot me ! I 'm not armed ! - I can help you . - How ? ! Ma-Ma is in her private quarters , but it 's behind 10 inches of steel . You can 't get in there without the keypad combination . I can give that to you . We don 't need your cooperation to get the combination from you . Go . Get out of here . Mind explaining yourself rookie ? Abetting a felon is not just a fail offence , it 's a crime . I already picked up the fail when I lost my primary weapon . I 'm not going to be a judge , and I don 't have to be a mind reader to know it . He 's a victim , not a perp , and until my assessment is formally over , I 'm still entitled to dispense justice , and that 's what I just did by letting him go . Maybe that 'll be one difference I do make . The code to Ma-Ma 's chambers is 49436 . Let 's finish this . You 're a piece of work , Dredd . But then , so am I. You think I didn 't know I 'd get busted some day ? It goes with the territory . This entire level is rigged with enough high explosives to take out the top 50 stories . If they go , the rest go too . Like the jewelry ? It 's a transmitter synced to my heartbeat . If my heart stops beating , the building blows . Everyone in it , ash . You got no way out , judge . Put your gun down . Do you know how many people live in this Block ? This isn 't a negotiation . Sentence is death . You can 't afford to take the risk . We 're a kilometer above ground . What do you figure the range is on that thing ? Can it get through 100 levels of concrete ? How about 200 ? Let 's find out . Citizen Ma-Ma , your crimes are multiple homicide , and the manufacture and distribution of narcotics . How do you plead ? Defense noted . Yeah . Anderson . Your assessment is now over . When I heard you called in a 10-24 , I thought I better check it out . Seems I forced a rookie on you . - So what happened in there ? - Drug bust . - Look like you 've been through it . - Perps were uncooperative . So how did she do ? Is she a pass or a fail ? She 's a pass . I knew she would be . Mega City One . 800 million people living in the ruin of the old world , and the mega structures of the new one . Only one thing fighting for order in the chaos . Judges .
