 ♪ Two ... Two , three ... ♪ ( Alarm clock ringing ) Decisions , decisions . Should I wear my nerd glasses today , or not ? Usually I don 't . Whatever . It doesn 't really matter . Doesn 't matter ? ( Grunts ) Every decision we make opens up a universe of possibilities . I put it to you that , as sentient beings , each choice we make is precious . Well , in that case , don 't wear them . Ah , who asked you ? ( Humming happily ) Ooh , I like your nerd glasses . Are you a college student ? A college student ? ( Laughing ) Because if you are , I 'd like to invite you to a hot sorority party tonight . ( Stops laughing ) Yes , I 'd like to enroll in college ? You 're still talking to me . Oops . $ 10,000 tuition ? I can 't afford that ! Joey Mouse-Pad : Psst . Over there . - Where ? - I mean over here . Sorry , I forgot where I was . Buongiorno , Bender . We , the robot mafia , are prepared to lend you $ 10,000 at an interest rate of 10,000 % . That 's easy to remember . I 'll take it ! ( Ringing ) Decisions , decisions . I guess I 'll sit way in back , with the cool guys . Yo hombre , you think you 're cool enough to sit way in back with us college toughs ? Yes , I do . Yo , in that case you 're all right , man . You want to join a gang ? I 'm gonna go with yes again . Robot dean : Mr. Bender , I realize class has only been in session for 32 seconds , but you 've fallen in with a bad crowd . I know , right ? Also , I 've decided to drop out of school . Well , I got my tuition back , minus $ 9,000 for the damage I caused to the dean 's wife . Yo , welcome to the gang , homes . I 'm Fabricio . Here 's your Josten 's ring . Ooh . ( Coughing , crackling ) Oh , yeah . Hey , what 's that ? Is it drugs ? Nah , it ain 't drugs . But it 's a lot like drugs . It 's called spark . You want a hit ? Never heard of it . Sure . ( Crackling ) You like it ? Eh , I can take it or leave it . I guess I 'll take it . Hey ! Bender : C 'mon ! I want that spark ! Give me that ! This a big decision , G. Are you ready to get a gang tattoo that will mark you as a stone cold thug for life ? I 'm ready . I 'll take that big purple dinosaur , please . On the face . ( Car engine roars ) Oh , snap ! It 's our rival gang ! We have a rival gang ? I hate them ! Hit the deck ! Bender : Phew ! That was close , eh , Fabricio ? ( Choking ) Fabricio ! Rest in peace , homie . ( Crackling ) Yo Paco , I 'm hurtin ' bad . Hook me up with some spark . - Five bucks . - Five bucks ? You know I spent all my money on gambling lessons . How am I supposed to get $ 5 ? Hello , handsome . Might I procure your services ? Uh ... what do I have to do ? Oh , nothing sordid , I assure you ! Simply vomit on me , ever so gently , while I humiliate a pheasant . ( Retching ) Save it for the boudoir ! Okay , here 's my $ 5 ! Give me the stuff . Give it to me ! Joey Mouse-Pad : Sorry there , sport . That cash greenback belongs to us Mafiolios . There 's no way I 'm letting go of that money ! ( Grunting ) Told you . ( Sobbing ) It 's been quite a journey . I dropped out of school , joined a gang , took money from a loan shark , and fell into a spiral of despair , addiction , and discount prostitution . Mon , you had one hell of a day . Yeah , but I learned something . Life is about decisions . Make the wrong ones , and you 'll wind up face-down in a pool of your own blood and urine . Still , to have your own pool ... I 've made a lot of bad choices in life . Now let 's see if I can make just one good one . Cookies ! 50 cents a box ! Give me all your change ! And a box of snicker doodles ! ( Screaming ) ( Bender crying ) Judge 724 : Bender Rodriguez , you are charged with petty larceny , possession of something analogous to drugs , and assault with a smelly weapon . - How do you plead ? - Not guilty ! Although I did do it . That 's right , I 'm bad . Due to the overwhelming nature of the evidence , we will begin with closing statements . Your Honor , the state 's case contains not one Kentucky kernel of truth , resting as it does on the contention that my client made a series of bad decisions . However , my client made no such decisions ! But by your client 's own admission ... ( Squawks ) You see , Bender here is what is known in scientific circles as a " robot " ... A mere automaton whose behavior is pre-programmed by his software . He has no free will ! He cannot " decide " to engage in criminal behavior . How , I say , I say , how can you convict him for his actions when he lacks the free will to undertake those actions ? ( Gasping ) I 'm awake , I 'm awake ! Order , order ! Counselor , I am a robot myself . Are you suggesting that any verdict I reach is simply the output of a pre-programmed ... Computer voice : Computation complete . Judge 724 : Not guilty ! ( Cheering ) You did it , Bender ! You got away with things ! Did I , Fry ? Did I ? What 's the point of living if I don 't have free will ? From now on , no matter what cool crimes I commit , people will say , " Bender didn 't do that ! It was just Bender 's programming ! " Well , I committed these crimes , do you hear me ? I 'm guilty ! Bailiffs ! Get that innocent robot out of my courtroom ! Guilty ! ( Sobbing ) I have no free will ! I am not the master of my own fate ! ( Sobbing ) No free will . Not my fault . Why do you care so much , Bender ? I mean , for all we know , humans don 't even have free will ! Yeah , whatever . Professor , you 're my only hope . If you love me even a little , build me some kind of free will unit ! A robot free will unit ? Impossible ! And even if it were possible , which it 's not , it would still be inconceivable ... which it is ! ( Sobbing quietly ) Oh , I 'm sorry , Bender ... I hate to be the bearer of bad news . Also , good news , everyone ! We have a delivery to the robot homeworld ! ( Sighs ) So ... you want a piece of gum ? If I do , it 's only because I was predestined to want a piece of gum . Whoa , that 's pretty deep . So ... you want a piece of gum ? Yeah . Listen . Fry and I can 't go down to the planet , or the robots will kill us on sight . So Bender needs to make the delivery . Ready to get to work , Bender ? I wish I was a real boy ... Then I 'd show them . I 'd kill them all . Yes ? Delivery for a Mr ... 147573952589676412927 ? Wait , what was the middle digit ? - Eight . - Oh yes , that 's me . Hang on , let me just make sure you 're not a human . Ahh , nerve gas . Sorry for the face blast , buddy . But you gotta watch out for humans , right ? They 're just too dang unpredictable , what with their free will and all . Amen , brother . " Amen , brother ? " Pfft . What a boring , predictable thing to say . You 're all right . Or are you ? Bender : Boring and predictable , that 's me . Bender . ( Phone ringing ) I 'm lowering the platform . You ready to come up ? ( Sighs ) Why bother ? I gotta mope things over for a while . Goodbye , sweet meatbags ... ( Sniffles ) ... sweetbags . Hello ? Hello ? What 's happening ? I 'm not sure . I think he 's shuffling off sadly into the distance . Oh , lord . ♪ ( alarm buzzing ) How do you do it ? How do you go on knowing you lack the inherent capacity for self-determination ? Son , philosophy 's for thems what don 't got to work for a livin ' . But me , I got a sick child to feed . So if you want to chat , roll up yer sleeves and do some honest labor . I don 't want to chat . ( Gavel bangs twice ) The council of robot elders will come to order . If it please the council ... Silence ! It pleases the council . Silence ! Today , as every day , we will make the most important decisions in the history of our planet . Bender : Silence ! ( Robot elders gasping ) Silence ! Well ? Speak up . You talk of important decisions , but as robots , you have no free will . Why pretend anything you do matters ? Our decisions do matter . The fact that they 're predetermined makes them no less important . Silence ! I call for a decision to cast out the intruder . All in favor ? - Aye . - Aye . - Aye . Uh ... okay . ( Screaming ) ( Pained grunt ) ( Monk-like chanting ) : One zero zero zero , one zero zero zero , one zero , one zero , one zero zero zero ... Welcome , friend . I am Ab-Bot , the abbot of this monastery . Sir , I am but a tired and rusty traveler . Can we talk ? Come , make yourself uncomfortable . Abbot , I need to know , what 's the point of living if I don 't have free will ? Ah . We robot monks have meditated long on this . And we have made our peace . No way . Way , my son . For though we must always obey our programming with no deviation whatsoever , we choose to take satisfaction in the ritual . So , are we automatons ? Yes . But we are magnificent automatons . How does a robot join this monk outfit ? Just put on this monk outfit . ( Crows ) ( Slurping ) ( All belching ) All ( Chanting ) : One zero zero one . Amen . Bits to live by . I 'm finally at peace . Today , we shall welcome our newest initiate , Brother Bender . Let us know what is in his mind . Nothing . His free will slot is empty . I 'm 40 % empty . ( Hollow thuds ) Also , what the hell is a free will slot ? All robots have such a slot , placed there by the Creatrix herself . ( Gasps ) I know that Creatrix . That 's Mom , from Mom 's Friendly Robots . Indeed . She made us upgradeable in case she ever succeeded in her quest to create a free will unit . Uh , about the success of this quest- - - Was there any ? - Quite possibly . But we monks have sworn an oath to resist the temptation of ... ( Grunting ) Any of you guys got a spaceship ? ( Sighs ) It 's just not the same here without Bender to keep me company . Hey , I 'm here . That 's got to count for something . ( Both gasp ) Hallelujah , baby . Yay ! Bender 's back . Hey , Bender , you mind coming back later ? No time . Us three are going to bust into Momcorp and steal me a free will unit . Us ? Why do we have to go ? 'Cause I don 't have free will . I need you guys to plan the crime and make all the crime decisions . Well , that 's crazy . We 're not going to ... I said make the decisions ! Okay , Leela , decision time . How do we murder the guards ? Hockey sticks or sharpened footballs ? We 're not murdering anyone , Bender . Then how are we going to get in , by bending the bars of this exhaust grate ? That 's not a bad idea , Fry . Yeah , wh-what ? ( Bender grunts ) ( Electrical buzzing ) We 're looking for something that fits in here . Damn it . I should have paid more attention in kindergarten . What 's this chair-looking gizmo ? ( Horn honks ) ( Startled gasps ) Welcome to Momcorp . Did you find everything you were burgling for ? No . I came for a free will unit , and you 're going to give it to me . If it exists . Then you got surprised by my swivel chair for nothing . The free will unit was just the fevered dream of a madman I once employed . Good news , boss . After ten long years , I 've found the secret of robotic free will . We can finally build robots that act and think with total independence . At last . Once we give robots free will , they 're sure to rise up and threaten mankind with extermination . ( Laughs maniacally ) ( Chuckling ) Wait a minute . It sounds like we 're getting the short end of that extermination . Don 't you see , you doddering young fool ? I 'll sell a second wave of robots to protect the terrified survivors of the first wave . Oh , you 're a genius , Hubert . But-but ... it 's just a prototype . It 's , uh , not fully operational . Yes . Then get back to work ! And when you 're done with that , invent me some sort of swiveling surprise chair . ( Groaning sigh ) Mom : That shuffling idiot never did complete the free will unit . To this day , my poor , sweet robots can 't exterminate humanity without being told to . ( Sniffles ) I 'm sorry . Oh , it 's not your fault . I give up . It 's time to face the fact that I 'll never do anything remotely interesting or unexpected again . Hand it over . Wha ... ? ( Glass breaks ) Mom may have fallen for your lies , but not me . You invented the free will unit , then you selfishly hid it beyond the reach of my stealers . ( Stammering ) Thanks to you , I went on a soul-searching journey . I hate those ! Now , give up the free will . ( Sighs ) I should have destroyed it , but I was too damn proud of myself . So I kept it around , never letting it out of my sight . Where is it , damn it ? Oh , right . I let this innocuous fellow use it . Bender ( Over speaker ) : Kill all humans ! Bender : Whoa , whoa , whoa . A toy Bender had free will , and the real Bender didn 't ? Pretty cool , eh ? It makes you think . It takes more than that to make me think . Now , hand it over . Oh , you want it ? Come and get it . ( Grunting ) What the ... ? ( Laughs ) You 'll not be getting it after all . For , you see , I designed the operating system for all Momcorp robots , and as a precaution , I made you incapable of picking up the free will unit . You precognizant bastard . I may not have free will , but I can still shoot you . ( Grunting ) Why can 't I shoot you ? ( Laughing ) Poor deterministic Bender . I programmed you to be incapable of harming me . Oh , I 've never been more sure I was right to deny you free will . Damn you ! ( Sobbing ) ( Laughing ) ( Sighs sadly ) Now , now , we can 't have this , can we ? Here , I 'll show you how it works . Really ? This is the on-off switch . Which way 's on , and which way 's off ? Due to the quantum nature of the device , there 's no possible way of knowing . There . Give it a try . Okay , I will . By shooting you , you bastard ! ( Whimpers ) Bender , no . Please ! ( Grunting ) Wait . Hang on a sec . ( Strained grunting ) I still can 't do it . Well , what do you know ? I guess you really don 't want to shoot me after all . Oop , the safety was on . ( Pained scream ) ( Electrical buzzing ) ( Groans ) All rise for the Honorable Judge 724 . Bender Rodriguez , on the charge of attempted murder , I hereby find you guilty . ( Cheering ) Ah , yeah ! Guilty !
