 ( Male announcer ) Previously on Fringe ... I never thought I would see you again . I wanted to reach out to you so much , but I was afraid that I would jeopardize your safety . We need your help , Nina . Hastings , give Dr. Bishop anything he wants . Oh , it would be an honor . ( Walter ) Who is that ? It was a case that we worked . He started to exhibit empathic abilities . Why would I need an empath ? We used this place to hide him until someone could return for him . There it is . ( Walter ) He 's not here . I think whoever took the boy left this behind . ( Astrid ) It 's picking up a signal . This is where the signal originates . ( Richard ) What do you want ? He definitely doesn 't have the tech . ( Astrid ) Maybe it was removed . No , there 's no scar tissue . [ Laughing ] Here , try this . [ Laughing ] Go on . It 's good . Michael , you used to write things down for me . You helped us catch a bad man . Do you remember that ? Michael , you 're very special , and there 's a lot that we would like to learn about you . My father was working on a plan with a man named Donald . You were a very important part of that plan . Do you remember that ? You do , and you know me . We should just go into his mind , like we did with September . September was in a coma . So we put him in one too . We 're not putting him in a coma . Then , we put an electromagnetic probe into the base of his skull , and ply him full of serotonin , neurontin , and LSD . ( Astrid ) Walter , he is just a child . He is not just a child ! He 's more than a child . He is an integral part of my plan . He must know that ! He 's just not saying anything for some reason or other . You said yourself , he wrote things before . Why is he not doing that now ? Who is Donald ? Where is he ? Is he alive ? I must find him . Tell me . Hey ! Walter , calm down . How can I calm down , Peter ? We 're running out of time . Don 't you understand ? We got a world to save ! Acid , get back to cutting out those tapes . We 're not gonna get any answers out of him . Peter , it doesn 't make any sense . I mean , he 's an empath . We used to have a connection . He used to feel what I wanted and then he 'd communicate it to me . Now , it just seems like he can 't . [ Phone rings ] Nina , it 's Olivia . Is everything all right ? Nina , we need your help with something . What ? [ No audio ] It 's not safe for me to talk here . Let me call you in ten minutes . Can I help you ? You are a Loyalist . Then you know how important it is that you answer my questions . Where is your superior ? I 'm not sure . She got a call a little while ago and then told me she was taking an early lunch . Who was the call from ? It came in on her private comm . When did this occur ? About 20 minutes ago . Bring an LQ7 unit . We don 't have much time . When is she expected to return ? She 's always back by 1 : 00 . Fugitives we are seeking recently used a sublimation device to access an abandoned storage facility . We have traced the device to the Ministry of Science . Someone here has supplied them with it , I suspect from this office . [ Fearful breathing ] It is not you I am concerned with . [ Exhales ] [ Machine beeps ] [ Machine chirping ] [ Garbled speech ] [ Slow , distorted ] This is Nina Sharp . Is everything all right ? [ Distorted ] We 've never seen one before . [ Garbled speech ] [ Heavily distorted ] What ? A child ? [ Machine beeps ] A child Observer ? [ Distorted ] We 've never seen one before . It 's not safe for me to talk here . Let me call you in ten minutes . [ Mysterious music ] Nina , thank you so much for doing this . I know the risk you 're taking . Nonsense . I 'm nothing if I can 't be a resource for you . Now , where is he ? Hello . My name is Nina . What are we doing here ? I 'm cold . I have access to tech that I think will be helpful for you to communicate with him . It 's in a lab not far from here . A Ministry lab ? You think that 's safe ? Not a Ministry lab . A black lab . I thought Massive Dynamic black labs didn 't exist . Well , I 'm glad I can still surprise you . Since the invasion , I 've allowed it to be used by the Resistance . [ Siren wailing ] We should get going . How 's Walter doing ? - Which one ? - Ah . He 's vacillating lately . And he dropped acid yesterday , so that didn 't exactly help . [ Laughs ] Well , he hasn 't changed that much . He catches me off guard . I look him in the eyes sometimes , and I see a stare that I don 't recognize . He told me that you agreed to remove the pieces of his brain once he completed the plan to defeat the Observers . Never underestimate the power of incentive . You don 't approve ? What happens to him ? After the tissue has been removed , what happens to Walter ? How many times can a human brain endure something like that ? Walter told me that that was a risk that he was willing to take . I don 't accept that . You may not have to . If the plan isn 't completed in time , he may regress completely and no longer want to go through with it . So what you 're saying is I lose him either way ? What I 'm saying is that your father understands that anything worth fighting for comes with a cost . Perhaps she has been alerted to our presence here . It would not be the first time . Every conspiracy has a network . I want to see the facility from which the sublimation device was taken . [ Keypad beeping ] It 's okay . It 's better if he stays back there for a moment . The Resistance experimented on Observers here ? Yes . Among other things , we wanted to understand how they were reading us . Perhaps create technology that would give us the same advantage . Did it work ? No . We were only able to extract bits and pieces of data . Images , words in their conscious minds , but not enough to be useful . However , if you were able to communicate with the Observer child using neural stimulation once before , this technology might be able to help you do it again . You all right ? You 're thinking about her ? Yeah , every time I see one of those posters , my heart jumps . Yeah , mine too . It 's hard to see her face , but at the same time , I want to . You ready in there ? Yeah , yeah . It 's all good . Like ours , Observer brains translate external stimuli- - language , sights , sounds- - into patterns of electrical activity , which we commonly call " thoughts . " Come on , Michael . This is an electro-cognitive translator . An " ecog " for short . How does it work ? By interpreting patterns of electrical activity into words and images that we can understand . Allowing you to read their thoughts . For all intents and purposes , yes . ( Walter ) This will suffice . Prep the subject . His name 's Michael . Captain Windmark , we 've been unable to locate Nina Sharp 's comm device . Continue looking . [ Overlapping whispering ] Mr. Rhode , we have determined that Nina Sharp is a traitor . She is working for the Resistance . Do you have any knowledge of that ? No . Do you know where she is ? No . I believe you . ( Peter ) This is gonna be a little cold . [ Device strap clicking ] We 're just gonna do a test , but it won 't hurt . I promise . His cortical activity is off the charts . The neural link is good . We 're ready . Okay . Michael , if at any point , you want to stop , you just squeeze my hand . Okay ? Michael , do you remember why you 're so important to Walter 's plan ? His mind is responding to the question . Hmm . The ecog is attempting to translate his neural activity , but he 's processing information in a way I 've never seen before . This is not like any of the other Observers from our trials . The software can 't interpret it . Something has fundamentally changed with the subject . Michael . Whatever allowed us to communicate before is no longer viable . You said the boy formed a bond with Olivia , helped her solve a case once . That 's right . So he did so , because he knew what you wanted . He could feel it through the empathic connection with you . Maybe he can 't help us now because that connection no longer exists . So you 're saying he can 't understand what we want ? So how can he help us ? We 've been trying to get into his mind . Maybe the answer is letting him get into ours . ( Walter ) Yes . That is brilliant , Nina . We need to create a link between one of our conscious minds and the boy 's . Well , how do we do that ? Well , it 's going to take some time , I have to reconfigure the ecog 's software , and you 've got to return to the warehouse at the Ministry of Science to get another ecog halo and a neural adaptor for the second person . Is that going to be a problem ? No , I 've got a man in archives . He 'll give us what we want . - Hastings ? - Yes . Next . Name ? Hastings , Darryl R. [ Phone ringing ] [ Phone ringing ] [ Phone ringing ] ( Nina ) I still can 't get through to Hastings . ( Walter ) This is intolerable . Without the neural adaptor and the second ECOG halo , we have no way to communicate with the boy . Don 't worry , Walter . We 'll get ' em . Nina will have the pass code . Well , her comm doesn 't work underground , so there 's no way to contact her . Do you think that we can bypass this ? [ Phone rings ] Hey , guys . Astrid , I need your help breaking through a security lock . I 'm on it . Give me the model number . [ Door opening ] Next . I 'm a quality assurance engineer . I assess and maintain the technology warehoused in this facility . I don 't report directly to Nina Sharp , but indirectly , sometimes I do . Mr. Hastings , we believe- - Doctor . It 's Dr. Hastings . Dr. Hastings . Okay , you 're gonna want to take the brown wire from the pad and attach it to the comm 's receiving node . All right , the comm 's attached . Now , I 'm going to send a continuous stream of data to your comm device . Hopefully , it 'll be enough to short out the locking circuitry . Hopefully ? I thought she knew what she was doing . ( Astrid ) Okay , I 'm sending it now . You might want to step back . Okay , we 're in . We believe a sublimation device from this facility was provided to known fugitives . Are you aware of this ? No . I do not believe you . Restrain him . Dismiss the rest . ( Walter ) We may as well be looking for a needle in a haystack . No , it 's all arranged according to serial number . Look . There 's a terminal . Maybe we can access the database . ( Walter ) Can you run a search ? Yeah . [ Typing ] There . 18-C-6 . Up there , on the top shelf . Windmark 's here . What ? He 's with Hastings . [ High-frequency drone ] [ Wincing ] It was an outdated model . I didn 't know what they were using it for . You wanted to help them . You admire them . You admire Dr. Bishop . [ Whimpering ] Yes . I admire him . Where is Nina Sharp now ? I swear , I don 't know . Where are the fugitives ? Your loyalty will be rewarded . I don 't know . I don 't know . Michael , I need you to stay here . I 'll be right back . There . That 's her signal . The components are intact . We got to get out of here , now . [ Comm beeping ] It 's Nina . Olivia , is everything all right ? Nina , I need you to listen to me . You 've been compromised . - What ? - The Observers and Windmark are here . They 're interrogating Hastings now . You can 't come back to the Ministry , and you can 't go home . It 's okay . I have to go now . I 'm sorry . [ Smash ] [ Clatter ] [ Sighs ] Okay , we 're ready . Let 's go . Wait . They 're gone . A guard just came in and told Windmark something , and then they left . We 're going to make an example out of you . ( Olivia ) My thoughts exactly . Dr. Hastings , can you hear me ? I tried . I tried . It 's okay . He knows . What ? What does Windmark know ? Nina , they tracked her . They know where she is . It 's okay . Everything 's going to be fine . I 'm just ... [ Sighs ] It doesn 't matter . There 's nothing for you to worry about . Oh , my God . [ Computer beeping ] Michael , come with me , quickly . What 's wrong ? Why are we stopping ? ( Peter ) Checkpoint . We need to turn around . If I back up now , I turn around , we 're gonna draw too much attention . We need to ditch the car . One at a time . Walter , you first . Get out now . Okay , go . [ Engine turns over ] [ Tires screeching ] [ Tires screeching ] Find them . Captain Windmark . The fugitives . Where are they ? You 're too late . They 're long gone . You are trying to protect them . What is it about the fugitives , I wonder , that instills such misguided loyalty ? You are trying to block your thoughts from me , but it will not last . You ... animals . You are thinking of him . The boy . This morning , you were contacted in your office . You said something about a child Observer . He is important to the fugitives . Why is he important to them ? What is his purpose ? Why does a child worry you so much ? He is merely a curiosity , and you are mistaken about him . He is no child . He is a chromosomal mistake . A genetic anomaly . Designate , Progeny XB-6783746 . Like all anomalies , he was scheduled to be destroyed . But he went missing . It was a great mystery in my time . No one knew what became of him ... until now . [ High-frequency drone ] [ Grimacing ] I would very much like to meet him . [ Droning ] Tell me where he is . [ Droning ] ( Officer ) Captain Windmark ? [ Droning stops ] There 's no sign of anyone else here . Then I will have to resort to a deeper extraction . Why ? " Why ? " Why are you not frightened ? Do you know why you tilt your head in that way ? It 's an involuntary reflex in your physiology . It changes the angle at which sound waves hit the eardrum , allowing in more stimuli . Like a lizard . I 've studied them too . Intriguing characters . Their brains have evolved over 320 million years , yet for all their evolution , they form no bonds . Love does not exist for them . They are incapable of dreaming , of contemplating beauty , of knowing something greater than themselves , not unlike your kind . The experiments we conducted right here in this lab , yielded a surprising result , because for all your years of evolution , you inadvertently redeveloped and honed primitive instincts that we moved beyond long ago . So in reality , you 're the animal . Restrain her . You cannot hurt me with that . I know . [ Gunshot ] Walter , maybe you should stay in the van . I 'm coming with you . [ Gasps ] [ Sobbing ] Nina ? They 've got the boy . Who knows what they 'll do to him . What did he do to her ? Where 's she going ? She stopped Windmark from reading her . To protect us . To protect the plan . And to protect the boy . They left without him . He 's still here . Michael ? ( Peter ) Michael ? Michael , you can come out now ! It 's safe ! ( Olivia ) Michael ! Michael ? Michael . Peter ! You all right ? [ Grunts ] It 's okay . Michael ? He 's crying . [ Device strap clicking ] You ready ? ( Astrid ) Yeah . [ Machine humming ] If you understand me , touch your nose . ( Walter ) [ Chuckles ] Good . That 's very good . Do you remember meeting me a long time ago , with a man named Donald ? He does . He remembers . Do you know why I needed you for my plan ? Can you tell me why you are important ? The boy is important . He has to live . What happened ? I know who Donald is . Donald is September .
