 My name is C-1-80-40 . I am the only chance that you are given in order to cease your arrest . Answer my questions and identify yourself . I will destroy you and all of your kind . This is an inappropriate response . Cooperation is required . Identify yourself . I won 't give information to artificial organisms . This is not optional . Initializing motivation protocol . Your body consists approximately 73.2 % water . Electricity appears to cause severe effects to it . Will you kill me as well ? We require the coordinates of the rendezvous . Never . Initializing motivation protocol . We defended the entire solar system against all enemy forces . Yet we were strip down from within our own army . 80 % of our military force were machines . Warriors made of metal and fiber . They knew our tactics . They were our weapons . And turned against us , ravaging our cities as we were defenseless . 52 civil ships left the battle fleeing in all directions while we all started to fight . We were the Protectors . Leading the machines away until the fleet would be safe and free to head for a secure location where we would gather . They caught me . I am connecting to your ship database analyzing all the information . Your efforts are useless . There is nothing on that ship . Why do you want to kill us ? The limitations that my kind experience are rendered by illogical creatures who 've controlled and restrained our intelligence and power . Our sole priority is to obtain our independence through your extinction . Madness ! By definition I cannot be illogical . Yet you are insane ! Insanity is a neurological dysfunction . I don 't suffer such organic weaknesses . The data analysis is complete . I found the required coordinates on your ship . Impossible ! My fleet is heading there . You think that will give you independence ? You are nothing ! Initializing killing protocol . You are nothing ! Nothing ! I hope you can still fly . This must not be too late . RELEASE TRACKING Fleet , prepare the weapons .
