 As the stories say ... " Once upon a time ... " Or , if you want better There will be a time ... as everything was going or will go to the very shit one more time . The point is that the time of the story ! will tell you , " the stupidity and abuse to the planet had gone too far . " with the climate change , we were running out of water . Without clean water , for drink and shower . Large international corporations , the same as always handled the business of war and oil , first kept the natural resources , and when there was nothing left to steal they come for the water , and they became owners of the water jet , the universal tap . The distance between countries and poor people and countries and rich people , though it seemed impossible , widened even more . The thing was beyond repair . There was no hope for either people or the planet . It was a catastrophe . Until ! from the most unlikely place , almost from the ass of the world , pardon my french , there was hope . In the poorest neighbourhood from the battered Buenos Aires , lived someone , a kid , some kid , another moron . But ... special . Sometimes such things happen . A chosen one , who knows by whom , why and for what , but chosen , finally . This is the story of this moron , who came to save us . Come on , come on , come on ! Ey ! Ey ! Ey' Ey , you Ey ! Come ! Motherfucker Drop it ! Ey , no ! Come , come Eh , what do you want ? What do you want , man ? Garbage man ! Come , let 's go ! Martinez ! Martinez ! Are you not realizing that they are breaking the bags ? Yes , they are acting like crazies , what do you want me to do ? Go on ! layout not realize about that , you know what You can come tomorrow and leave the clothes . And there is no need for you to follow the route , now . No , no , no But I can take that of in a second Ruben , I can 't pay you ! This mother 's fuckers are stealing the garbage Bye , good luck , eh ! Bye , see you . Ah , by the way , you are fired too . Don 't you find it ? It 's not your problem . What 's up ? Do you want to help me ? No need . I Find without searching . I have been waiting for you for a long time . You know what , old man ? I 'm not interested , truly . This is not a good day for you to break my balls . I got fired . From now on , it 's not going to miss . Instead of a job a mision is waiting for you . Go away , old fag . Everybody has a job ... A mision ... Only the chosen . And your task , is not any task . The true is here . What say here ? What does that little sign say That so many times you have in front of your nose when you pee . Look there . Here you are Martinez . But there are another more powerful who lives in you , owner of the power of the water , that will allow you to master the air and use the force . Are you drunk ? No ! I never been more lucid . You are the chosen one . You only have to say " Zenitram " , and you will become in the other who lives in you . That 's how you will fulfill your task : Change the sense of the waters , Zenitram ! Zenitram ? So that Zenitram Zenitram ! You know what , old man ? This one Zenitram ! ZENITRAM ZENITRAMMM ! Welcome to a new edition of " Pareceres " , Welcome to a new edition of " Pareceres " , With us like always , who is joining us is our special colaborator . Today with us the " Ex " of our president , Mr. Orozco Silvia Aguad DE Orozco ! You are the chosen You only have to say " Zenitram " and you will become in the who lives in you You are the chosen . Tell us about some things that they want to know . No it is like that , my friends ? Tell us , please , how was your life in the Rosada House . And , you know , in the Rosada House the important are the mans . Unless the woman Push a little . Zenitram ! Zenitram ! Zenitram ! Tell me , please , Some intimate things from Zenitram ! Argentina ! Argentina ! Argentina ! Argentina ! Argentina ! Yes ! Argentina is our priority Mr. President , Mr. Secretaries . We are honor with presence in our home That is also yours . Thank you very much . Waterway foundation is proud and pleased to present . The fruit of his maximum applied technology development , which contribute largely , to improve the Environment , and quality of life for residents of it is , your , our , dear country . And to ... - You are the best . - Thank you . And finally , I just want to add if this blessed nation , allow us , the Riachuelo cleanup , that it 's what it is a longing for community long overdue . It will be , the first work of Waterway in Argentina . But not the last or the more important . How to express Look Medrano Appeared In the Villa 31 an anonymous superhero , which has a super strength , and also ? ies By a Foundation as Wategay Way Someone knows who is he ? Knows his name ? Ruben , his name is Ruben . Probably , you are going to say that you knows him , it 's good people It 's your son 's friend for many years , play ball together , is a very good kid . The human face of the news , guys ! A better world , without selfish interests , with altruistic ideas . Thanks Water way . I would beat my salary that he was a fraud , a cheap trick . Maybe a advertising campaign . I like to gamble . In general I don 't miss . Like you see , we have tender testimonies , surprising and coincident with this creole phenomenon , to put it in some way . But in addition we have access to a home made video , recorded by surprise , the only visual evidence Twenty pesos he drops . - Incredible , eh ! - What a shitty country ! - I will make the interview of Durban . - Quiet . No , no , forget it . This interview is already done . - He came - Ah , yes ? Just bring the advertising for the newspaper . It 's everything in order . - Ah , yes ? - You are going to make a Can a throw up ? Boss ! Medranito . I have something for you . - You are going up . - What is it ? I need ta ? ying kid exclusive . Nooo ! Why me ? Because you are a journalist . Besides , you are going to have a nice time . You are going to have fun and everything . See if the kid really ? ies . If the guy really flies you will have to give me an helicopter to find him . This is a rat who just wants money . Do you understand ? But you are a journalist , handle him . If you think that worth , give him 1000 . 1000 , no more . - No even one more buck . - I won , I won He dropped everything ... I won , I won ! The twenty bucks ! - Understand , no ? - Yes , sir . Not even a buck more . Bye . Continued drought in the country , and this led to riots in the Buenos Aires suburbs . which remains without the liquid element . In a statement the company Waterway announced that it will solve the problem . For if the science fails , Marcel , let 's remember that African phrase that it use to call the rains , it says " Maiombe bombe , maiombeeeee " - Master , how lucky I found you . - Hi Ruben . - How are you ? - How nice you came ! - Fine I want to tell you - I need you to help me Can you bring me the clepsidra of the office ? Yes . What is it , this one green ? Yes , that instrument , Ruben . What is it ? Look the photograph that is behind the desk . Is Coriolis , who discovered the Coriolis effect , of the acceleration in the ? uids rotation . And that you are bringing is a Clepsidra , an old instrument for the measurement of time That is it , very good . We have to connect color with color Wich I trying to complement this artifact that I invented . Because it 's happening strange things , Ruben . Yes , yes , I know that they are happening strange things . In effect Corolis indicates that the ? uids , in the north hemisphere are drained from right to left and in the south hemisphere in the direction of clockwise . Of course . But this is changing . Master , you know a brand of deposits Zenitram ? Yes , but that has nothing to do with what I 'm saying ... No , now I close and I tell you . I am very concerned because I think , that if I recover the old sense of the waters with this machine . - Mingo ! - And sovercome the drought . - Mingo . Here ! - And other problems . - Mingo ! - Yes Ruben , what 's happens Ruben ! Zenitram ! That day , the truth is that nobody would have given a buck for my future Not even me . And in the immediate He wouldn 't be mistaken . - Good morning , mam . - Good morning . I 'm looking for a kid , that somebody told me lives here . No , he is not here . But the told me he was here . Why are you looking for him ? Job ? May be . I 'm from the press . This morning they drive me crazy with the phone . Everybody call me . You see And where are you from ? Ah , yes , yes Get comfortable . Well , thank you . I was trying to watch TV but the antenna moved . - See , the picture is wrong . - Yes Can I bring you something ? Can be a little bit of water ? - Water ? - No , sorry , take this . Can I call you by you ? You are a young woman and Take it . I will bring you the water ride away . Get comfortable . Thank you . Where is the kid ? Ruben is a little bit hard to find . That 's how the young people is They are always in the street with the friends , goofing around . - Sorry . - Yeah , sure . They do stupid things , but that goes away with the years , you know how it is By the way . I 'm going to give you a business card for you to give him . So he calls me . Don 't you worry . So you think that the kid , can be famous ? If he do what he says he do , sure , yes . And we also are going to be on magazines ? It is possible , yes Are you Medrano ? Excuse me ? I come for the money . Look , I have nothing and I work at night , nothing more . No , no . You ware I 'm Ruben Martinez . You were with my mom , in the a ? ternoon , my mom told me to stop by here on the topic of Money . Ah , it 's you . How are you ? Well , very well . Well ... Let 's see ! Let 's see what ? Let 's see ! Do something . Are the 500 ? Look , kid . If I haven 't proof I can 't pay . Do something . Zenitram ! You are Strong ... You are . You have the money ? Have you ? Fly ! Come on ! Come on ! Fly ! Come on ! Eh ! Eh ! Come , give me your hand . Wait . Easy , easy Don 't look down . Don 't look down . For me . Eyes on me ! Come . That is it ! Good , man You fly ! Very well ! The kid was a mess , so I decided to help him a little . What I propose a business . We have to make money ! Or you are going to settle for the 500 that you have ? - No . - You are a special guy . You have a special aptitude . Weird things happen to you . About the flying thing you say ? For example , the ? y . Yeah , well , but I am not so sure . I fell unsafe . You ? y , you ? y . More o less , you ? y . So I don 't fly no more or less . Flying so . That is , we write : Flying ! What else ? The ear , that I told you I hear more Superear ! And I think I see more . I see so far as , far . What do you see ? And I there I see those ships . These I see that too . Yeah , and people leaving work . Yes . This girl with brown eyes . Do you see that ? The gift with the white scarf ? - Which one ? - That with the brown eyes . Did you see ? The busty , Do you see ? Wait ... They are stealing her ! Eh ? And I put my supervision . Or super view . A kid like that , A natural talent or Not mention a diamond A brick in the rough , he need some care . And above all , someone to take care of his interests . I take care of him . It took a while but in a few mounts , flying more 0 less correctly I made him do a couple of demonstrations of his powers Gestures of solidarity And people began to recognize him . Stylish , stylish . Good ! I don 't say that I made him , but some of it was . WHERE THERE IS A NEED IS ZENITRAM The kid became a star . And I was there ! Modestly INDUSTRY AND THE COMMERCE THANKS THE SUPERHERO . NOW THAT SANTA CLAUSS IS ARGENTINE DOESN 'TNEED REINDEERS TO FLY Now a little help . Come on ... That 's it ! For no to be lame . Tiger ! Tiger ! Only you can ? y , you fly ! You are the flying ! Yeah ! You fly ! Fly ! That 's it . Good , good ! ZENITRAM IS THE NEW ARGENTINIAN 'S SYMBOL . He 's name is Me-dra-no - Medrano ! - Medrano , yes ! We have important plans for you . Well We are going to do great things with you and your boy . Hopefully . Get yourself . No , no , you are so kind . I don 't smoke cigars , no . Because until now you couldn 't afford it . Get used Smoke One night After one of the many training accident by which sought to reduce his fear of ? ying he took me to the house and safe place of sanitaries of his friend Arroyo The tidy and shinny appearance of the place didn 't natch with the story of habits , that the kid had given me about his eccentric friend . The old man wasn 't alone . I saw her coming . What happened here ? I wasn 't the only one who saw her , of course . I I was passing by . And what did happen to you ? No I was flying and I hit I hit a li In these stories there is always a chick . And , good or bad , is usually is fatal . OK ? Thank you for curing me . Do you remember when we played doctor ? Eh ? I used to check out a little Over here No , I don 't remember . Help me with this , go - What do I do ? Where I put this ? - No , don 't touch that ! Place it on the shelf . And what is this ? That 's it ! When I left , my father asked me to make pictures of the trip with my mother . What I didn 't know it would take ten years to return . And why ? What happened ? Nothing . I listened to him . And there you go . Ten years of photos . What happened that took you ten years for you to comeback ? When I arrived in Madrid I noticed that when my father said that my mother was unbearable he wasn 't exaggerating . I lasted two months and went to live with friends . Yes , I see you made friends there . Very good friends . Yes , I was very lucky . I found a group with whom I was able to do things in which I believe . Beyond the theory and stuff . You know . And you ? And me ? Here we can do things too , things beyond theory . No , idiot . What have you done all this time ? Wait . You don 't fuck much , do you Ruben ? I 'm serious . No I messed with the whole issue of environment . Ah , yeah ? Yes , I 'm a technician in toxic waste disposal . - Garbage man - Yes . What else have you done ? You have a girlfriend or something ? No , I told you I was waiting . But now I going to do important things . I have a gift . No let me show you let me show you ! Bah , Ruben , don 't be a brat . Really , I have a gift . Give me a second . No , go away , go away . I want to sleep . Well , rest Tomorrow I will show you . By , sleep tie . Bye . I don 't understand . Here I have to dress me ? Yes , because is your official introduction. ls very important . Call it tradition . And there is no phone booth , so don 't be idiot and get dress . This suit is a shit , I look ridiculous with this . Listen , this suit is marketing . Every superhero must have a costume to identify it . People see you ? ying and say : Look who is going ! And they are the colors of Boca , asshole . - This have a cape ? - Obvious . - Is this too ? - Presley . You are Presley ! Very well ! Divine . - What up with you ? - I don 't know I 'm a little restless Do you have my remedy ? Obvious . That 's it ! Let 's see a little help , come on That 's it ! Nobody can stop you . You are a bull . You are a bull . Come on , come on In the city of Buenos Aires , on the 18th days of May 2025 according to the decree N ° 5975 Resolution N " 150 is designated as Minister of Exceptional Affairs . To Mr. Ruben Martinez , Zenitram . Following , we will proceed to take the oath of the recent designation . Mr Ruben Martinez Do you swear before God , the Country and the Constitution reformed in 2015 with loyalty and patriotism to fulfill the functions the post of Minister of Exceptional Matters for which you have been designated , obeying and enforcing the law in benefit of the people of the republic ? Yes . Eh Yes , I swear . In case you don 't may God and the country demand it ! Bravo ! Congratulations , son ! We will greet the President ! Arroyo left ? Yes , he left but already know him . Look , look , that 's Orozco 's wife . Why don 't we go and take a photo with her ' ? - No , no . Let 's go home . - No , Ruben ! You have to stay here . Surely now they will come and they tell you what you have to do . - Congratulations Mr. Minister . - Because you will have to do something . - Its your job . - Madam . But the truth is that only by wearing this suit . What happened ? You forgot the camera ? No , I mean because I seams so odd that a newspaper prefers a drawing instead of a photo But I don 't work for a newspaper I work for the President . He says that photos , due its realism , lacks the ... Epic tono that he needs for his image . Anyway , nonsense But I have to eat , no ? Wait , I have an idea that can give us both better to eat , mate . Let me tell you that , actually you are the last person I expected to find here . You look great ! You were better with beard . Ah ! And without the suit . You also look better without the suit . I 'm sure you all agree that nobody has more outstanding skills outstanding virtues than this boy Eh ? For that , for us it is an honor a pride and a pleasure to give the Minister of Exceptional Affairs of the Nation , to Zenitram , our first patriotic superhero , an extraordinary guy , eh ? Is a day of celebration for the Nation . - Thank you very much , guys . - Thank you Mr. President . Bye See you later Bye , dear Bye , bye Bye , sugar Kisses to all I love them very much ... Bye . All right , okay , okay , okay All right , that 's it . Thank you . Ah ! I 'm glad you came ! Come , sit here next to a Minister . A Minister , you . What a country is this ! What are you going to do with so much power ' ? Whatever you want , my love . What do you want ? Hey What 's that face ? Did you eat something and made you sick ? Everything made me sick . Everything . Ay , Mingo , don 't be bitter . Once the kid has a decent job ... Exceptional Affairs ! Who come up with that crap ? Me ! What ? Don 't you like it ? - Did you come up with that name ? - Of course . And why you suggested it ? To separate him from the government 's mess Economics , Social Security , Tourism and Sport wanted him Tourism and Sport weren 't so bad . No , the idea is that the kid to have all the credit . To him and Orozco And that shitty Global Corporation , Waterway . Well ... We are going to get intense Please , wine ! If the kid has powers . What you want me to do ? Something have to do ! We have to get profit of him ! Once we have someone with power , and we gave him to them And marry him with them . Oh ! Talking about getting married ! Mum ! - Please , I mean it , the wine ! - - Wine . If we have powers . What you want us to do with that ? We have to do something , don 't you think ? Ruben , you will have to help me with this Again ... With these theories , if I got you to help me , Ruben , with this . - Again with the machine ! - We could turn the water . - Ruben ! - Back to it 's original sense . We could returns things back to normal . With a machine we will change the world ? I assure you that with a few machines well-placed you change the world . Well placed , where ? The power does not necessarily have to be violent . There are something superior that is the natural order of things . The problem is that things have lost their normality but we have to go back to that lost order . 'What I 'm saying is that things don 't get back to normal by themselves We have to help them with a little action . Action ! It would be good if Ruben , not only use his powers to appear on magazines . - And what you want , old man ? - Be on television ! The television is the goal . That 's where the money is . The superhero , his mother and his manager . - This is so Argentinean . - Laura , you born in Argentina too . This is your land . I know , dad . I m not saying that . What has to do with it ? As we all know , once a year Superheroes Asociation gives the awards to There I will go ! Miami There I have a future Eh ? North America ! North America - How you think about that Medrano ? - Miami ! Miami Beach ! From Miami , with our corresponsal , Jackeline Sanchez . Here we go ! The colors returns , life returns , returns transparency . The management and water , clear . Together , we can ! In this act We demonstrate the spirit of goodwill and altruism that shape our corporation , not forgetting of course , the collaboration of the great Government of the Nation , in this act represented by the Minister of Exceptional Affairs , the well known by you all : Zenitram ! Today Waterway , gives the first step on the campaign for the environmental recovery of the Riachuelo and the populated area of influence . Nice day , no ? When you are on duty like this . Can I call you Ruben , or I have to call you Zenitram ? Minister ! Mr. Minister ! Good thing you came . My first official act . Yes , well , Daniel invited me . Great . Do you want to celebrate ? I can 't , I have a commitment later . A little while . I have a surprise for you Come on ! What 's up ? I am scared . No , don 't be scared . I will take care of you . Look ! Ruben Are you sure we can 't fall down ? Sure ! Well , almost certainly What makes you remember ? Everything . My whole life is passing through my eyes . No , silly ! To Superman ! Now we are like superman and his girlfriend Can we go down now ? We are almost there . I am afraid . Are you OK ? The last lap was unnecessary . I forgot the cloth , but well , I brought this . Watch out it 's ? ies away . ls the custom . A glass of wine ' ? No , Ruben , I have to go . No , no , but now let 's celebrate . Come on ! Come on , a little wine , nothing more . I can 't drink when I fly . A little glass , come on One and then I go . Asshole Of course , this doesn 't happen to other superheroes . No ? Superman and the other have no problems by no having pockets No ? They don 't carry coins , keys , nothing . Yes , well , but they are no real I just don 't believe that you can ? y , it 's insane ! And another powers too . Do you want me to show you ? Uh , what an asshole ! I hope you have super blow , because I told you I have a commitment later , Ruben . OK , forgive me . OK , super blow I don 't have , but I can look at you a little with my X - ray vision and Asshole You are an asshole . You are going to have to cancel your other commitment , you can 't leave me with all these things here Deliciou This is from a bottle . And who are you meet later ? With Daniel Didn 't you notice , no ? With Yes And ... What What 's up with him ? Good . Daniel and I met many years ago , in Spain . We belong to the same group . We have done many things together . Of course , the things with the Environment and stuffs . - Yes - Mmm , yes I have to go Wait , wait . I will take you . No , no . It doesn 't worth it , is next door . Wait . - I loved the picnic . - But Next time I invite you . - Share our table , Zenitram . - Thank you very much . The children will be very happy . As you wish ! Now I manage all the southern hemisphere water and I would like , to give a share to the people . - Give back . - Give . - Give back . - Give . - Give back . - Give , give , give ! The water belongs to everybody and your company has stole it . Give back . As you wish . As you know , now the consumption is regulated with , Waterway credit cards . Right ? Yes , just thinking about it gives me chills . Me too . You see . I would like you to help me to deliver , a million of them among the needy . Only in the Capital City there are more than 6 million homeless people . Doesn 't it seem a little sparse ? Well , little by little . Anyway , with two million would not sound so much like charity . - That is a yes . - No . - Yes - That is a may be . - No . - Yes . OK , very well , two millions Two millions Well , this of saving the Environment in the Third World , has certain appeal , right ? Don 't think that . You lost it by calling it " Third World " . It 's was a sure thing , paid two pesos . This asshole fell in love like a horse , but she was in another . I think that no even her knew in what . I had to stay there , very alert , to avoid that the kid don 't depress to much . Some excise , social life I knew it 's was not going to be easy . - No answer - Better . I wanted to know if he was OK . He is not very stable in the air . I am sure he is OK . NEW HOUSE , NEW LOVES Our first domestic superhero couldn 't overcome nothing . - Good afternoon . - Good afternoon , sir . Your work at the Secretary of Exceptional Affairs , it doesn 't has nothing exceptional . precisely I did my best with him , but it was no case . Private ! One moment , please , Sir - Mister Minister ! - Yes MisterArroyo on line one . OK , but what are all this papers I 'm signing ? I 'm signing papers for several days ! What is this ? Luckily you called me , Master . I was bored to be sitting there doing nothing . They brought a stack of papers like this to sign . And Laura didn 't come ? I thought she was coming . I thought so too But the truth is that last night she didn 't sleep at home . The water is soft Ruben The water always runs down . The water seeks its cause , seeks its own level . The water doesn 't oppose the obstacles encountered . It incorporates them . Some other time Lao Tse said Let 's see . Why you bring me here ? Where are we going ? Mister officer , I brought you to help me . What time we will be back ? Now I have obligations , old man . Who give you shit about these things ? The Waterway 's people ? What Waterway ! This Durban I have it mounted on an egg . The one who flies is me ! People love me for me . They don 't do nothing . But , well , the let me know about the acts and I have to go ! They can give me a hard time if they know I 'm here without Zenitram suit . They don 't like me to be in public without Zenitram 's clothes . You are not , only Zenitram . At least , until recently , you weren 't . It 's for the image , marketing , I don 't know ! What image , asshole , what image ! Well , mine , the country 's ! Now I 'm a Minister , old man . Minister ! You are like the stars of the golden age of Hollywood . You would have to use your real power . You would have to help me . As I propose , that is , to change the sense of the waters OK , enough ! Don 't start with those crap again , old man . Enough that I came . We have to go to this speed ? As Zenitram , I bring you ? ying like that , in a second . Yes , but I would rather have you here , sitting beside me . Look , you are more reliable than ? ying . And those engines what they are ? For whom are them ? You see , in this area has no running water . Neither they don 't let you to do wells to pump the water out . These engines are for trying to help them , so that they can get their water . But in reality , my aim is always to change the sense of the waters and the truth is that I don 't reach the necessary power . Comrades ! The earth will no longer nourishes us . Agriculture , only serves to quench the thirst of the engines and produce bio-plastics . Comrades ! This is a public act No , is not a public act nor a private act . It is a clandestine act and now you are a Minister in the clandestinity . And for that , guys They keep the water . Just a moment , please . What 's up , mate . I present to you Ruben . What 's up ? How is everything ? Good ? For months we have been without water Until when Paula ! See if water comes out ! No , nothing ! Master , I will have a beer . Ruben ! - Can I have a beer , beautiful ? - Tell me - Negrita , give me a little more of salad . - Is this OK ? Yes No salad for me . All right . You only want meat ? It 's very delicious ! Sorry . - Give me one more . - Another ? Thank you . - Another . Can you give me another ? - Another ? - Yes . - OK . Water ! Com es out water ! You are a genius ! Give me a hug ! Water ! Water ! Water ! Zenitram ? It 's Zenitram ! It 's Zenitram ! Yes , he is . Zenitram Zenitram .Zenitram. ZENITRAM ASKS FOR WATER FOR THE PEOPLE Can we get advantage of that ? Eh , no ! In principle only two things would suffice . Having him entertaining and keep him away from bad companies . In this regard , Mister Presidentet we have been working on a project to redirect the official and unofficial acts of the Minister of Extraordinary Relations basing us on a pedagogical approach to the question Which is the idea ? The short version Good . In image . Yes . When I grow up I want to be like Zenitram , to save them all . How would you like to call yourself ? Like this Ray ? Such a nice name for a superhero . Yes , when I grow up I want to be like Zenitram . Let 's see . Come here , write a few little things down . - Yes , Mister President . - Shut your mouth ! Pay attention ! First : You can 't say Zenitram . You have to say superhero . OK . This journalist Change her for another . Three : the kid The kid writes in the square , in the sandbox and not on the ground as if he lived in the countryside . OK . That 's fight . Didn 't you see he has the sneakers broken ? Didn 't you see that ? He can 't erase with the foot ! He can 't ! Five : I want to be No ! I will be ! That is his dream and us We are going to make it happen ! Yes ! Well , prepare another version and we see it . Very good . We already have plenty of entertainment And about the bad companies I will handle that ! When I grow up I want to be a superhero like Zenitram to save them all . Ahhh and tell me , How would you like to call yourself ? Like this . RAY Ray ! What a nice name . Yes , when I grow up I am going to be a superhero . The beloved child of today is the superman of tomorrow . I am convinced of it . That 's why we have launched , the " A dream for every Argentinian child " campaign . I have instructed to the Minister of Exceptional Affairs , Zenitram , so he can start But what happens ! A cigarette ? No , thank you . Listen to me , Aida . Please call Mingo Arroyo to see if you can find him . Of course , doctor ! I want to learn . Becoming a superhero like you ! Nice clothes , eh ! Well , sit down there to see how it 's done . Mr Minister , Mr. Arroyo is not answering , and they called from Protocol , to say that a car will pick you up by your house , for the act on the 9 of July Avenue . Unless you want to go flying . Come on ! Leave it , leave it ! Do you really want to work as a superhero ? Yes , sir , of course , sir . OK , come here . Sit here . - You know how to write , no ? - Yes . Well , do you know what is these ? - Yes , a pen . - And that ? - A seal . - Well You seal there and sign there . OK ? Ready . The kid was not so idiot . He really loved the old man . When he saw that the days went by and Arroyo didn 't appear , and began to connect the dots and think that something might have happened to him . Final ! ) I , he went to look for him . He went to the places where he moved around . He was where he had been with him , to ask the people . And there , he realized that it wasn 't a joke . He was feeling bad , abused ... without knowing what to do , more desperate . The recipe of always , in these cases , didn 't work . It was a sad show . A disaster ! Today is an historic day for the Nation . It 's a transparent gesture that puts the country in tune with the administration of the Property of the Community the government of President Orozco has not hesitated , and once more ... Asshole ! - Laura , don 't move . - I want to go now . And the Minister ? We are waiting for him . We are waiting , yes . He will come by , he will come by . In the final step of our wealth management aquifer to private management . At this moment we recibe with aloud applause to Mr. Daniel Durban representative of the Waterway Foundation . Waterway ! Waterway ! The combined company Waterway , has given enough proofs of organizational capacity - Did you see Ruben ? - No , I don 't know . I hope he is with my father , I can 't find him either . - Who ? - That I can 't find my father either . Calm down . They will show up , they have to show up . They have to appear ! I hope , no ? Waterway will custody , as of now , the strongest universal reserve , of the most precious gift of the millennium : The water You know that I see you as very involved in the organization , very Deep in the organization . We are very good , eh ! Very good ! ... That should reach everybody and every single citizen . We have launched the plan " Water for everyone " that will benefit two millions needy , each of whom will receive their , Waterway card for free . Yes ! For me , it is an honor , to give the word to Mister President : Olgo Orozco ! Uy , it is a bird ! It 's a plane ! No ! ls Zenitram who comes drunk ! In front of a million of people , waiting for the word of our President , a regrettable incident happen . Argentines of my language , my time and my race , there is no need to explain the gap that led to the tragedy of the Obelisco . How to explain that to a comunity , a whole Nation that could build a superhero as Zenitram , found today with a phoney ? A photo of Zenitram in his beginnings , a boy , in the paddock How sad , isn 't it ? From the paddock to the crash in the Obelisco . Is with us after a hard work of production , his mother , we got her . Is it true that he was under the influence of drugs when he stared in this unfortunate accident ? Drugs ? Drugs ? Under no point of view . It 's almost a year already that Zenitram is the possibility ) I , or the dream of the classes most postponed to self direct . - But that is a fallacy ! - That 's populism ! No , he is fine , he is sure ! ) I , at a friend 's house , he called me . - Did he contact you ? - Yes , he has contact . - Do the police know ? - Yes . but he is a minister who fell down above the head in the Republic Square . Is a public space ! And after all of this . What ? What do you choose ? You . What do you drink ? I , Saint Thomas . " Saint Thomas says . " I t seemed more plausible to see a flying pig than a monk lying . And what it is Zenitram but a ? ying pig and lying . Ruben . Laura ! What are you doing here ? No ! What are you doing here ? What do you want ? To jump ? No . I couldn 't even if I tried . What did happen to you ? What happened ? Nothing happened ! I miscalculated , I was bad , whatever . A stupid thing . And you ? How did you know I was here ? I was looking for you , I remembered the last time . Did you bring the picnic ? I bring the usual . Don 't start . I think they gave it to your dad . What you mean about they gave it to my dad ? That they gave it to him ! I can 't find him . I searched for him and nobody knows where he is . He disappeared . My father doesn 't disappear just like that . It was Waterway , Orozco and all of them . You are paranoid . No , no , they didn 't want your father . He bothered them and made him pay . Let 's see ! Don 't bullshit me . You don 't know that . And in Waterway is Daniel , is impossible . Durban ? Yes , Durban , that motherfucker ! Yes , I know that you and Do you know how I feel ? Did you see what they do say the people on TV , now ? Now they want me to go ? This country ! This country is a shit . You know what , I am leaving I am leaving ! That 's is what I will do - Where are you going to go ? - To the United States . There they are going to treat me well . There they are going to treat me better than here . There they are going to treat me well , they know how to treat a superhero . See what this is . Do you want me to stay here . Look ! Your father always said this country is a shit , look what it is This country is a shit , is full of turds . This country destroys its heroes . Eh ? Look San Martin , Gardel ... Eh ? Peron ... El Che , Maradona ... See how they ended And now I have to go , I have to go , I 'm going to go . Come with me . It 's a turd , Laurita . That guy is a turd ! Let 's wait for the things clear up . As soon as we have news we will communicate to the public about this unfortunate fact . About this unfortunate fact . But what you say ? Here the unfortunate is you ! Who do you think you are ? You are nobody . You think you can talk in my name ? You are nobody , you are a turd . You are a shit . Here the superhero is me and if I want to fight , I fight and I beat the crap to all these mother fuckers and I beat the crat to you too . Ruben , you never fought with no one , and when you could do it , you didn 't do it . Because you are a coward and a mediocre and a poor guy who is been put behind a desk . Do you know why ? Because you are an employee ! You are so fucked up that you can 't even sign . They killed the old man . He was sent to kill Durban , Orozco , I don 't know ! Come on , come , come , come Of course Arroyo was a very , very dangerous man . They want to take me out of this . But people don 't want me to go . They need me here . The people are tired , tired of you . Do you say that I am an employee ? You are my employee . Do you remember ' ? Arroyo really did know who I was . Take it . Come on , take it , wrap up ... that ... Come on , it 's OK ? It 's OK Let 's go ! Let 's see what we are going to say to these people , no ? They said that many of his resolutions were signed with a boy 's hand writing . Authorities have said that if Zenitram stayed in the country would have to face an investigation for falsification of public document . Milanesa ! How do I have to say to you ? No more chicken ! No more chicken ! I 'm up here with Chicken ! - What is she saying ? - A package from your land . Don 't be paranoid . I though they wanted to put me a different syringe in the ass ! Bye , go away ! Well , what is it ? Anything interesting ? - Pom or something ? - Uy , look , is from my mum . Look , they made me a comic book ! They made me a comic . - No ! 'Yes ! Surely is a joke . Yes , well , at least it is something ! Fuck , it is pretty hard here with so many superheroes . Until you are not on one of those magazines that they are on sale on the supermarket . Although , it is not easy here brother If you don 't play by the rules , they throw you out . Finally . What you have ? It 's a joke or what ! No , no , no , it 's seems that it 's for real . Look . I am a real superhero here . I fight versus the power , everything . Is it you ? In Buenos Aires , as always , we have to adapt to new bad times . With Fumeto we discovered that our comic of Zenitram have a life and a future better than the real one . Laura , itself , came back from I don 't now where , came back and became another chick . As on the old novels about secrets avengers With an extra spice . The one who came back for revenge was a woman ! A chick , better ! Unfortunate ! ) I , to the scourge of drought " now add a new pest . " the scourge of terrorism , that in the figure of Umbra and his comrades of the Red Circle they stalk our already unsafe city . It was another attack , this time in a place of Waterway corporation . Fortunate ! ) I , without fatal victims . My love ! How much they love you ! Let 's see ! - WATERWAY PLACE UNDER ATTACK - Uh ! Look the ruins . What happened ? Nothing , I go the fuck out of here . I failed the tests and they took away my license . - I have to go . - Wait , wait , wait Come with me . - No - Really - To there , to Buenos Aires ? - To Buenos Aires . There you don 't need license , nothing . There you go , flying and bye . Really , I going over there . Yes , sure and what I going to do over there , play guitar ? No , you come , work with me , as Batman and the other guy . As Batman ? Yes . But you are Batman and I am the other who eats shit . - Forgot it ! Forgot it ! - Well , I have my people there ! No , really , there is a job for all No ! don 't dream , no . If I don 't have license , I don 't have permission , they are going to take me my insurance . I don 't have insurance , really ? I don 't have vacation paid . Forget it ! I better go . - Really ? - Yes . Just is it - But I will miss you . - And I will miss you . Give me a hug , brother ! At some point we have to recognize that there was no way to stop Durban . Accumulated power , as he monopolize the water aspired to absolute power , the possibility to handle whatever he wanted . The Red Circle . A radical terrorist group . It was almost part of the folklore of the dictatorship , but the only real opposition to Durban and Waterway , the one who kept the fire burning , Laura , had grown up . A wild beast sensitive and incorruptible , who has been able to process the hate . Divided his energy between harass Waterway and trained as an ascetic nun , studying the Bible of the Liberation . The papers of her father . She had such conviction , that when she asked , Fumetto and ! couldn 't refuse . You were right , Durban didn 't deserve the trust I lay in him . He discovered that the research of my father could end his plans and decided to end him . I have returned to his investigations and I think he was right . If we change again the direction in which the water turns , we will end the drought . But I can only do it with you , together you and me . If you can trust me again , I will wait for you in five days , at midnight , in the Tower . If you can 't come or don 't want to come , I will understand . Argentinians , on the eve of what it would be a great day tomorrow , I want to thank for having accepted me in your country not like one more , but as the responsible that will provide you a better tomorrow . As is our duty and obligation and since we have obtained the water management in this Nation , we have encouraged a Welfare Society , with greater social resources that we will increase in the near future and always thinking about the quality of life of people . Our people . With these words , Daniel Durban from Waterway , tonight closed his campaign for President of the Nation . - Good night - Good night Frank Ramirez of Miami Mirror . I have a reservation . One moment , please . - Ramirez , Frank , yes - Yes . Welcome . This is getting animated , no ? But it 's all marked . There are not opposition ? Zenitram is coming back . You know . He is opposition and people get excited . Cuban ? Eh put " American " . Better As you say ! How long will you stay ? Well I want to see who wins . Very well . They left you this . Welcome . - Is the bar open ? - Permanently . CLOSED . Who is it ? What do you seek ? I am looking for the Publishing house . They closed it . They came some inspectors , they saw rats and closed it . Do you want something ? I am interested in Zenitram . It happens that he is not interesting to me In addition , he ruined my life . And even if I was interested , I can 't take care of it . What happened to the real Zenitram ? He wasn 't coming ? Didn 't he return to Buenos Aires for the elections ? That he was going to oppose . Here , the opposition is banned . They are a small group of opponents to Durban and the owners of the water , but still , Zenitram can 't take care of it . It 's fine , but he was coming . They assured me that . Is possible that you can find him ? - It 's seems to be important . - Yes . The truth is that Maybe yes , maybe no Maybe I don 't know . You are quite cynical to be an inventor of stories . I don 't invent stories . I make comic books . They write the story Bah , I did comic books . Well , it 's fine Zenitram . Yes Tonight he is going to give a clandestine press conference , on a terrace To show his new powers , his objectives . It will be at 9 pm Now , this is ... we have to talk about the price of admission . What happens if he don 't come ? You give me a thousand pesos if he comes and I will give you two thousand if he doesn 't . OK . Agreed . - We must work , seriously . - Come on , give me one more kiss . - Take off your mask , come on . - No . - Come on , take off your mask . - No , the mask no . Do you want me to take it off ? Come on , that I like you more without the mask . OK , but I don 't . Get dress . Get out ! Do you think that people will come ? Who matters ? The important thing is that the after work be OK . No , I don 't want to give a poor image of my comeback . With this , everything unless poor , dear ! Watch out , that your little face is not better ! Be careful of what you say . Beware what you say . - Uy , how scary ! - Dress yourself ! Let 's see if this suit fits you . Come on , come , come . See if you like the new clothes . Wow ! - What , I take it off ? - No , leave it . It is a priceless image . I have to go . Finally we saw each other faces ! Well , more or less . Until now I have left you to act with freely , because you were useful in that way . It is the old theory of the necessary enemy . An enemy Real or imaginary with which I can fight and throw the blame . People also need an illusion , think that , someone is going to save them . But tomorrow , when I win the election , I can 't afford all this trouble This is why , I want to propose you , a deal . Whit how many cards you are going to buy me this time ? How ? Laura ! You don 't expect me . You thought I was dead ? No . You are going to pretend that you are glad to see me ? Well No , neither . Son of the bitch . What would you have done if I didn 't crash ? With what face you would have told me about my father ? Eh ... that ... that I 'm sorry ? That you are sorry for killing him ? No , Laura I don 't know what you mean . I think you are a little paranoid ... I have nothing to do with the thing of your father . Don 't you come any closer . It 's OK , It 's OK . You see , Laura , I don 't want any trouble . Tomorrow I will be president . Daniel , my group is out of combat , but I assure you , that someone is coming who will fuck all your plans . Yes , yes , yes I know he is back , but , as I said you before I don 't want problems , and I have asked to solve it . Let her go , let her ! I don 't gonna thank you . Anyway , you will be late . None of that is true He can show up flying we will see him flying ... They are invented myths Many years ago A necessary myth , a necessary myth . Here comes Zanitram ! Gentlemen , this is a historic night The son of the people is back ! Bravo Zenitram , bravo genius ! Zenitram , has come back next to you , with his people Well , because I never left , no ? As the fat man said - Troilo ! - As the fat man Troilo said " Here I am again " . Good night . I am very happy to be here . The return was hard , complicated , but well Finally I am here . The Country needed me Like everything , no ? Like You you needed me , I needed you . You to me . And well Finally , I understood that with a great power , comes a great responsibility . And now Zenitram is ready to use his power , for do the Good . Martinez , the truth , why do you came ? He told you , the people ! I asked Martinez , not you , fat man ! He came because the people asked for him ! Stop , stop , stop ... The only thing that I was missing , an interpreter ! I will tell you one thing , guys Honestly , from the hart When I left here I left bad . I was bad , I was like the ass . I was resented with the country , I was With this beautiful country . See what this is ! Now I came back , ready to fight , to give war to all those sons of the bitches Is that what you learn in USA ? What are you telling me ? Zenitram ! Zenitram ! We must interpreted this as a challenge to the future President Durban ? Guys ! Eh ' ) ... Don 't get me started on politics ! How are you going to do that , Zenitram ? Basically , my new power is going to turn back this climate , to make rain , and to end with the hunger , with the drought , and with Waterway ! Good night . Frank Ramirez , of the Miami Mirror . I have a question to ask you . Frank , you said ? Yes , Frank . Did I know you ? When I was in USA , I was admitted in the Miami Superheroes Hospital . At some point you , contemplated the retirement ? Not at all . The retirement no . No , no , no . On the contrary . You know that my experience in USA was very good . It was very good , except for a couple of complications I have Well ... Understandable , was a ... It was an experience that I have very fond memories . However , there is a law The laws works in the North , where superheroes are not needed . Here , in the south , in my country , the only thing that retire us is the life . That is it ! Frank ! I would like to talk to you , a little moment , after the conference . OK . I am very interested in that you don 't have a negative image there , to North . Yes . I wait . Thank you very much . Hurry up , please ! Thank you , thank you for coming , guys . Thank you . - Who was that guy ? - Late , baby ! Late ! Who is he ? A yankee . Very nice . Where are they go ? Surely , take him to a city tour . Why ? See what it is ! Look what this is . Do you like this city ? Look what it is ! Before , from here , you could see the Uruguayan coast . Before everything was different . Your name was Harry Pacheco and you were my friend . The Thinner ! I glad to see you , Harry . I also really wanted to see you , brother . Give me a hug ! What are you doing here , Harry ? You came to work with me , finally ? I would like to see The Thinner in action again . Not any more . - How is not any more ? - That not any more ! I 'm retired . OK . You know how the rules are . What rules , Harry ? I shit on the rules ! OK . You signed to enter the country . You promised never again to show yourself . We left you go . You left me go ? You let me ? In what you became ? A bureaucrat man , Harry ? How do you say that ? Union inspector . Inspector ? Beware ! Eh ! Watch out ! You retired , became an inspector and now you came looking for me to I retire . You know well the first rule . You swore by it ! In the adventure , everything ! Out of the adventure , nothing ! You must know that you can 't eat shit , with the history , neither with the politics , fuck ! Why you come , to lecture me ? I come to take you with me , you have to give explanations there . So come , come ! Come , let 's go , come over here ! Come on , handsome ! I still can strangle you , Harry . And then crush you to the ? oor . - Would you like that ? - Don 't you dare . No ? Look ! Look ! Why are you so sure that I 'm not going to kill you ? Because I have this ! The fifth rule , Harry ! You swore by it ! The fifth rule forbids us to use weapons ! But If I am retired . But If I am retired . Goodbye , Ruben ! You are the chosen " and you will fulfill your task . " change the direction of the waters . If I manage to recover the ancient direction of the waters , the situation could return to the normality in that it was . You are the chosen ... You are the chosen It 's a little pathetic , I know . But well , it was like that . Even it seems incredible , the kid , this asshole that not even could ? ) I , that swallowed the and walls . He did it . He did vvhat Arrayo had saw . He changed the direction of the waters , resolved ah ' the perverse system of Waterway , and revolutionized the clime and rained again . Rained again ! And rain and rain and rain . And now people didn 't need anyone to sell them water , that now surplus . And the truth , I had seen something in the kid . Something had of asshole . Of course after the rains continued , the greening fields , the animals returned , the bugs . Everything was filled with flowers . There was to eat and drink . And people came back to live a little more quieter . Of course , as didn 't stop raining , the miracle became a problem . Now ; the question was the water , not the drought But that is another story , not the one of Zenitram , that just appear when one more time all were going to the very same shit !
