 The first attacks were three days ago . All we know is their heart stopped . Does this remind you of anything ? Biological and chemical hybrid . These are different . They 're human . And for whatever reason , they don 't work . Walter ? It 's all right . The area is completely numb . - What are you seeing ? - A person . A young man . Does he look like this ? A father and son pulled a man from the middle of Reiden Lake . Whoever he is knows a lot of classified information . Things no one outside this division could possibly know . Olivia . Thank God you 're here . Who are you ? Walter ? Astrid ? Walter ? Walter . Walter . - What the hell are you doing ? - Sleeping . One syringe has sodium thiopental . - Well , that sounds ... - It 's a barbiturate , yes . I was going to say dangerous . Nonsense . And I have the adrenalin to wake me up . Who sleeps like this ? Well , what choice do I have ? I 've been haunted for weeks by visions of a strange man . And now the stranger is here , in the flesh in our midst , and no one will let me examine him or see him . I 'm kept in the dark , knowing nothing . How is a man supposed to get some rest with all these uncertainties ? - Is he talking ? - No . He stopped cooperating with us at the hospital . Broyles moved him to a holding facility in the Federal Building . He says that you 're the only one he 'll speak to . Me ? He 's saying that his name is Peter Bishop . He says he 's your son . Hello . Hi . Thought you said you hated that sweater . I thought I 'd give it a second chance . What 's all this ? Looks like a cyclone went through here . I can 't find the electric bill . You okay ? Yeah . You 're probably hungry . I should start dinner . I 'll be right down . Karen ? What are you doing ? Your face . Are you sick ? What 's wrong with your skin ? Karen , what 's ... ? - Your files , are they in the safe ? - What ? Your files , where are they ? Karen ! Dear God . What the hell are you ? I 'm only going to ask this once . Tell me where the files are . I don 't know what you 're talking about . What makes you think there 's any basis to his claims ? We were able to obtain a DNA sample from his IV at the hospital . There 's a 99.7 percent probability that this man is , in fact , related to you . We 've discovered another universe there 's no reason that there shouldn 't be more out there we 're yet to find . Logic would dictate that this man could be another version of my s ... Another version of Peter from a third universe where he didn 't die as a boy . People from other universes don 't show up in your dreams . He asked for my theory . I never claimed it was flawless . In any case , how did he get here ? The only way to find out is to ask him . My thoughts precisely . We 've prepared a list of questions . This man possesses classified information about our division and all of us . I wanna know how he got it . Look , I 'm fairly sure I 'm not the one best suited for this . You will be fine , Walter . We 'll be listening on the intercom . If at any point you wanna leave , you just have to say so . Hello , Walter . You don 't know who I am , do you ? I know this must be confusing for you . But something 's happened . And you 're the only person who can help me . - What do you want ? - Help me figure out why no one remembers me . Why you don 't remember me . I 'll try . There are two universes ours over here and another one that 's just like it , just slightly different . The other universe is dying . Because they 're interconnected , ours is dying as well . - How does he know all this ? - You built a machine to save us . To form a bridge between the worlds so we could work together to heal them . And you created it so that I was the power source . Only I could activate it . You told me when I did there 'd be consequences . - There is a machine . But I didn 't build it . I don 't know who you are , what your agenda is or why you claim to be my son . Do you have a son , Walter ? You and Elizabeth , did you have a son ? Yes . He died . A long time ago , when he was just a boy . And then you found another version of him in the other universe . And he was dying too . So you crossed over to save him . Yes . But I couldn 't . What do you mean you couldn 't ? The lake where we crossed over was frozen . The ice broke , we fell through . I tried to hold onto him but he drowned . The Observer didn 't pull us out of the lake that night ? That must be it , Walter . - What 's an Observer ? - It all makes sense now . That has to be what happened . I was supposed to die that night , in both universes . But when I didn 't , I became a paradox . Now for the two worlds to heal I had to be deleted . But if I 'm already dead in both universes , then why am I here ? How am I back ? Something 's gone wrong . Something 's happened . We 're finished here . Take me back to my lab . Please . I 'd like to go now . - No . Please . I need your help . - I want to leave . Help me figure out what went wrong . If I 'm not supposed to be here , then how am I back ? Dunham . Where are you ? Wanna tell me why you dragged me to a robbery / homicide ? Victim 's skin is translucent . Since Robert 's murder , I 've been keeping up with police bulletins looking for anything with a similar MO . I thought we killed the last of these things at the train yards . Apparently not . Her heart was stopped . Same as the others . I think the shapeshifter took on the wife 's form to get access to the home . I ran background on the victims . You are standing in the home of Dr. Malcolm Truss , a research scientist . He worked at Massive Dynamic , in their biotech department . - Left the company 10 years ago . - Huh . Interesting . He was tortured . So he must have known something the shapeshifter wanted . - There 's grease under his finger ... - Fingernails . Yeah , I know . Not too many bioscientists work at garages . So this is ... ? Mrs. Truss ' unlucky boyfriend , Donald Kellen . Dr. Truss doesn 't live here . They separated a few years ago , but the house is still in his name . The shapeshifter came here for Truss , didn 't find him which means it 's still looking . - Problem is , we can 't find him either . After they separated , uh , Dr. Truss went off the grid . We 're still trying to pull an address . Well , we should hurry on that . Sebastian . Malcolm Truss ? You 're Dr. Malcolm Truss ? You worked at Massive Dynamic , correct ? Okay , look , I don 't know who you are , young lady . But I suggest you leave . You 're trespassing on priv ... I 'm gonna need your help . Hey , Olivia , this photo , the girl with the riding ribbon , is that you ? - Yeah . - Okay . You 're gonna have to do better than that . Why does Nina Sharp have your photo in her office ? After our mother died , my sister and I were due to go into the foster system . Instead , Nina pulled some strings and we went to live with her . So the acting CEO of one of the richest companies in the world was your nanny ? Something like that . Sorry to keep you waiting . Nina Sharp . You must be Agent Lee . Phillip tells me you 're a welcome addition to our team . Lincoln . It 's nice to meet you . Phillip also told me about the man claiming to be Peter Bishop . - How 's Walter handling it ? - Not very well . Well , that 's unfortunate . Is there anything I can do to help ? I don 't think so . Uh , we 're here on a different matter , though . Dr. Malcolm Truss . He used to work for Massive Dynamic , but he left the company 10 years ago . Name doesn 't ring a bell . Let 's see what we can find . Ah , I remember Dr. Truss . Graduated MIT in ' 82 came to work for us in 1993 , left in 2001 . - What projects was he working on ? - Well , several . If you told me why you 're interested in him , I might be a better help . Uh , he was abducted from his house in Vermont this morning . We think a shapeshifter was responsible . A shapeshifter . But what would a shapeshifter want with Malcolm Truss ? We were hoping you could tell us . There was one project Malcolm was working on . Cellular replication . It was designed to help patients with extensive tissue damage . Burn victims , cancer patients , amputees . It copied the genetic data of the healthy cells of the patient and used it to replace the damaged ones . Malcolm was in charge of it . Did it work ? No , he never had a chance to find out . William shut the project down , citing ethical concerns . Ethical concerns . Yes . I only bring it up because the project was based on copying human tissue . Kind of like shapeshifting . Mm . There are people who think very highly of your work , and you . - What people ? - You don 't know them but they know you . They share your vision . They will pay you to continue your research . You always bring a gun to a business proposal ? I couldn 't take the chance you 'd say no . - We need your help . - Help with what ? I don 't know what you 're hoping to find in those files . That work never went anywhere . It 's useless . I was terminally ill stage IV melanoma , when they came to me . Cellular replication ? They did it ? The cancer went into complete remission . It was a miracle . At least for a while . But the procedure didn 't fully take . The cells , they aren 't stable . My cancer 's gone , but I 'm still dying . There are no files . - What ? - It 's all up here . I 'll do it , Nadine . I 'll help you . But just so you know , I don 't do my best work at gunpoint . Walter said the shapeshifters that we encountered at the train yards weren 't able to complete their shifts . That they were flawed . And this has to do with Dr. Truss , how ? Uh , well , the , uh , cellular replication project he was working on . They might require his expertise . Truss was kidnapped so the shapeshifter could perfect itself . If the shapeshifter needs Malcolm to fix itself they need equipment , medical supplies . They 're on the move . Malcolm 's car was missing from his home . We put the , uh , plates and car 's make out to local P.D. Well , if the shapeshifter 's flawed , it might have something to do with the tech Dr. Bishop pulled from inside the two we killed . - Maybe that 's what 's malfunctioning . - I checked with Tech Services . They don 't know what the device is , the purpose it serves ... They 're memory discs . I 've seen them before . Those devices you 're talking about , they 're memory discs . - What do you know about shapeshifters ? - Quite a lot , actually . Enlighten me . - Well , I know they bleed mercury . - Those were the old ones . What about the new ones ? The human shapeshifters ? - The what ? - The prototypes . Human hybrids . Tell us about the memory discs . Well , they 're a lot more than that , actually . The discs are divided into three partitions . Cognitive functions , biochemical functions and mission objective . And you know all this , how ? Because I 've decrypted a couple of them myself . - You think you could do it again ? - I 'll ask the questions , Agent Lee . We 've been sitting on this tech for weeks . What 's the harm in letting him try ? You about done ? Lincoln has a point . What is the harm in letting me try ? What is it that you 're after ? You 're not doing this out of the goodness of your heart . - So , what is it that you want ? - I wanna talk to Walter again . We tried that already . In case you didn 't notice , it didn 't go so well . I don 't see the point in letting you upset him . I 'm sorry about that . I was talking to him like he was the man I knew . He 's not . He 's different . Just like you are . But I need his help and you need mine . Anyone have a better idea ? I 'll see what I can do . I hope you have money . You 're bleeding . You should wash up . I 'll take care of this . I told you I would help you , Nadine . I meant it . She 's adorable . Is that your little girl ? Yes . My daughter , Hayley . That 's a pretty name . Karen , my wife , she always wanted kids . I was too busy with work . When that ended , I guess I was just too angry to think about what she wanted . Still , I guess I 'm hoping that one day she 'll let me be a part of her life again . Dispatch , this is Sierra-Two-Four . I think I 've got a visual on that stolen plate they put the BOLO out on . Go ahead , Sierra - Two-Four . Plate reads Five-Lima-Tango-Three-One-Six . Over . Yeah , that 's the plate . Be advised , the suspect is armed and dangerous . Stand down and wait for backup , over . Roger that , waiting for backup . Sierra-Two-Four out . And , uh , 20 on Pump 2 . - Ready ? - Yep . Okay , our mystery man is all set up with the device we got off the shapeshifter and I requisitioned all of the equipment he asked for . Think he 's confident he can do something with it ? He seems pretty confident in general . Olivia . I may have only met you a few weeks ago but I know you well enough to know that this guy 's gotten to you . You didn 't ask me to take him that tech because you had a dentist appointment . He was in my dreams and now he 's here . I can maybe understand why he would be in Walter 's head if he 's some iteration of his son , but why mine ? We got a hit on Truss ' plates . Two hours from here . Rutland , Vermont . Truss comes in at 11 : 53 a.m. - Pays for his gas in cash , alone . - Not the behavior of someone being held against their will . Seems more like an accomplice . Unless he doesn 't know he 's with a shapeshifter . People I work for built this lab according to the specifications in your file . Automated tissue microarrayer , blood gas analyzer , centrifuges . I think you 'll find we 've everything you 'll need . This is amazing . The artificial tissue has adapted remarkably well . Considering the extent of the grafting , it 's lucky your body didn 't reject it . The fact that you 're even alive is nothing short of a miracle . Then I suppose that would make you a miracle worker . After all , the grafts were based on your research . I never thought I 'd say this but I wish William Bell were alive . Just so he could see you . I truly believed that the work that we were doing was going to change the world . And just like that , Bell shut down the project . And all he could say was : " Some things are not ours to tamper with . Some things are God 's . " One man shouldn 't stand in the way of progress . Not even William Bell . Well , the good news is I 've found the source of the cellular degeneration . Your genome isn 't fully propagating through the artificial tissues . Can you fix it ? I had hoped this day would come . Yes , I can . Hello , Walter . Nina . I 'm probably the last person in the world you want to see right now . But Olivia said you weren 't doing so well . This man claiming to be your son , Walter ... If there was ever a time to get past our differences it seemed like now . I 'm fine . The man is a scientific anomaly . Nothing more . Walter , you 're making Peter 's favorite dessert . I find that baking custard calms me . Seeing this man has brought up many things I 've tried to forget . That night at the lake , you begged me to stop but I couldn 't . I couldn 't watch Peter die . Not again . I couldn 't stand by and do nothing . - Walter ... - I 've hated you . For 25 years , I hated you . Had you not been there the vial wouldn 't have broken , I would have healed Peter on the other side he wouldn 't have fallen through the ice . I blamed you for the death of my son . I blamed you . I couldn 't live with myself . Because you were right . I 'd crossed the line . For the sake of one life I destroyed two worlds . Over the years , I 've come to terms with the fact that I deserve to be punished . - To suffer . - No . Walter , you 're not that man anymore . I 've watched you . Working with Fringe Division you 've done everything in your power to heal the damage . I saw him , Nina . The man . I saw my boy in that man 's eyes . The way he looked that night in the ice floating away from me . God help me , I saw the eyes of my boy in a man 's face . And it filled me with indescribable joy . But I don 't deserve joy . For anyone else , this would be received as a miracle to get a glimpse of their dead son but why should I be rewarded for what I 've done ? Because maybe you 've suffered enough . No , I can 't explain it , Walter . I don 't know why he 's here , I don 't know where he came from but maybe you 've just been given a second chance . I was told you found something . - It 's a DNA sequence . - Meaning what , exactly ? Meaning I found six distinct genetic profiles on that memory from the shapeshifter tech . These things are able to switch between every single identity they 've ever taken . That 's going to make it more difficult . It 's gonna make them impossible to find . New models do a lot more than take on the appearance of another person . They replicate their victims to the molecular level . Including every last strand of DNA . You 're saying these shapeshifters will be completely indistinguishable from whoever they 're impersonating ? - They 're the perfect infiltrators . By transforming their DNA , they can become anyone . If they perfect this technology and they can get close to us they can replace any one of us . And short of performing surgery to find those memory discs you would have absolutely no way of knowing . Okay . You should lie back . You may feel a little nauseous . Nadine ? Okay . What the hell ? What is it ? Why do you look like my wife ? You said you were going to help me , Malcolm . And you will . Get me Broyles . Now . - Progress ? - This thing is broadcasting some kind of signal . - To whom ? That 's the problem . Can 't break the encryption without a significant increase in CPU cycles . - Meaning ? I need a bigger computer . Just like old times . Sort of . How long is this gonna take ? Not long at all . - Those are coordinates . - To what ? Could you pull me up a map of the city ? What do luxury cars and shapeshifters have in common ? They both have LoJack systems , apparently . You saying these things have tracking devices ? Whoever 's in charge wants to keep an eye on his agents . That 's the one that you guys have , the one that we hooked up . There are two different sets of coordinates being broadcast . - That 's by the port . - Think you found our shapeshifter . For the time being . Whoever 's monitoring they 're gonna know I breached . They could shut down . We should move . How did you do that ? Why did you look like my wife ? My offer was sincere to continue your research with people who 'd provide the resources to complete you work . - What people ? - Why did you look like my wife ? - Malcolm . - It 's not important now . - Why did you look like my wife ? Malcolm . Great progress requires great sacrifice . Your work created me . Malcolm , you need to step back and see things objectively as a scientist . You let go of Karen long ago for a greater purpose . Don 't let that all be for nothing . I 'm offering you something precious . An opportunity to take back what William Bell took from you . Your legacy . It may be possible to alter the compound to accommodate multiple genomes . How ? We need to induce a state of permanent hyper-replication . - What are you doing ? - I 'm adding a bonding agent . I 'm familiar enough with biochemistry to know that restriction enzymes would fragment my DNA and trigger a massive internal hemorrhage . Aah ! Finish what you started . I won 't ask again . Okay , we 'll take front . You go on my signal . How much longer ? Five minutes for the centrifugation process and then we 'll know if the serum 's complete . - Team one in position . - Team two in position . On your go . I got her . Oh , my God . She 's headed for the roof . Uh , this is Agent Dunham . Agent Warrick is down , we need paramedic on the roof now . She jumped . Mr. Truss ? Agent Olivia Dunham . Uh , I understand that it 's been a long day . We 're just gonna need a statement from you and then an agent will take you home . What that thing said about Karen it 's true , isn 't it ? She 's dead . H.P.D. Found your wife in her home this morning . I 'm so sorry . It 's my fault . " Some things are not ours to tamper with . " Excuse me ? It 's something someone said to me once . I didn 't understand it at the time but I do now . Dunham . Excuse me . The dive team , they just found a body . That 's not our shapeshifter . That 's Agent Warrick . Get dispatch on the line . We need all available units on that ambulance now . Agent Dunham . I have those hourlies you asked for . Thank you , Jill . I sent the reports to Broyles , so all the paperwork is done . Thanks . We 're gonna find her , Lincoln . I mean , look at how much more we know now than we did this morning . Yeah . Do you wanna go get a bite to eat or something ? No . Uh , thank you . I , um ... I 'm gonna head back to the hotel . - Good night . - Night . Agent Dunham . I have those hourlies that you asked for . Uh , didn 't we already do this ? - I 'm sorry ? - You already gave me the ... - Agent Dunham , are you all right ? - Yeah . Ha , ha . Just a little tired , I think . Thank you . - Are they feeding you ? - Yeah . Walter , I know how strange this all is . How hard it must be for you . But I don 't know what to do . Nobody remembers me here . Olivia looks at me like I 'm a stranger . Like she 's afraid of me . I know what you 're capable of . I need your help , Walter . To fix this . Every day for the past 25 years I 've tried to imagined what you would look like as a man . My son . But I don 't deserve this . I don 't deserve you . I realize now . This was my punishment . You were sent to tempt me . To see if I would repeat the mistakes of the past . - You shouldn 't be here . - Walter , no . Wherever you came from , however you got here , it doesn 't matter . - I can 't help you . - Walter , you don 't understand . I tried to help a boy , a version of my son , 25 years ago . But that boy was never my son . And neither are you .
