 His name is David Robert Jones . He 's a scientist . - I 've never met you in my life . - But I 've met you . You created a portal . I 'm the man who closed it on you . Interesting story . Yet , I 'm still in one piece . I need you to take me to the bridge . I need to see Nina Sharp . Olivia has Cortexiphan in her system . I did a chemical analysis . The results are irrefutable . - Twenty vials accounted for . - This is not Cortexiphan . The Cortexiphan has been replaced . I know what you 're doing . What it 's like to want something back that you love . What 's happening to Olivia , I 'm not doing it . I think you are . Without meaning to . It 's wrong , Peter . The , uh , girl who came in here a couple minutes ago about yay tall , blonde . - I 'm sorry , I didn 't see her . Broyles has agents and BPD combing the area , checking all the traffic cams . Nina has to be behind Olivia 's disappearance . Once she 's processed in at the FBI , we 'll get her talking . You said she 's denying any involvement in this . For now . Her alibi 's not gonna hold . If she knows where Olivia is ... Good luck getting Nina Sharp to break down and tell us . Point taken . - You haven 't said what you hope to find . - Lf Olivia 's dosed with Cortexiphan it stands to reason she was gotten to when she was alone . - Vulnerable . - You think she was being watched ? This Cortexiphan is the reason she 's acting strangely . - That 's Walter 's theory . - Right . He thinks you 're projecting your Olivia onto her . She 's assuming the memories and personality of the Olivia from your timeline . - Is any of this relevant right now ? - It is to me . She 's my partner . And if that 's true ... Think about what you 're doing to her . Unintentionally or not , you 're robbing her of her identity . Her life . She is not your Olivia , Peter . And what if she is ? You know that 's impossible . Yet you still let her continue working a case . Knowing she was under your influence , that she wasn 't herself . I don 't know you well . I 'd like to think you weren 't ignoring her safety for personal reasons . And that you 're not ignoring me right now . I 'm not ignoring you . Wireless closed-circuit . Could have transmitted anywhere . What 's that ? A back-up memory disk . I 've seen surveillance cameras like that . They continually capture and store images on a disk in a 60-minute loop . Olivia hasn 't been here all day . I doubt it 's recorded anything useful in the last hour . I can have our techs take a look . They 're not going to find anything . But maybe Walter and I will . Let Broyles know we 're working on this . Keep working on Nina . If this doesn 't pan out , you have to do the impossible . - What 's that ? - Get her talking . They came for me in the middle of the night when I was asleep . They grabbed me . Before they put the bag over my head I saw her stepping out of the shadows behind them . It was me , Olive . I mean , she looked exactly like me . So it wasn 't you that I saw in your office a few weeks ago ? You didn 't come to my apartment to help me when I was sick ? No , I 'm sorry , sweetheart . I wish I could say that it was . I 've been so worried about you . All the time they 've held me here , he still hasn 't told me what he 's after . Olivia Dunham . I waited so very long to meet you . Actually , we 've already met . You have me at a bit of a disadvantage . I watched you die . And I 'm looking forward to seeing you do that again . Maybe confusion 's an unforeseen side effect . I 'm a bit confused myself . She 's not the first to say that to me . A side-effect from what ? What does he mean ? Well , of course , you don 't know . Though , I imagine you 've been feeling the effects for some time . Your migraines , for example . What the hell did you do to me ? Nothing that wasn 't already done to you a long time ago . But then you were just a child . Dr. Bishop 's notes from the Cortexiphan trial were quite clear . The subjects ' abilities were triggered by sparks of intense emotions , hmm ? Let 's prime that . Every journey begins with a first step . Jones , you leave her alone . Always the protective mother hen . What are you doing ? Don 't . Nina . Damn it , Jones , stop . Yes , I believe this will work nicely . Have you located him ? No . Do we know why he failed to carry out his instructions ? Why he did not erase the traces of Peter Bishop from this timeline ? That is a question only September can answer . As well as if he is responsible for Peter Bishop 's return . September has continually intervened on behalf of this boy , despite all warnings . He has been given every chance . How should we proceed ? We wait . He will surface again . And when he does , he will have to face the consequences . Have they found her yet ? Sit down , Nina . Phillip , tell me . Do you have any idea if she 's all right ? Do you ? How can you ask me that ? I raised Olivia as if she was my own daughter . Sit down . Phillip , you know me . Do you honestly believe that I 've been dosing Olivia with Cortexiphan ? That I could have had anything to do with her disappearance ? I want to believe you , Nina . If you care about Olivia , as you say , then cooperate . The more you tell , the sooner I can find her , the better it will be for you . For God 's sake , Phillip , I have already told you everything that I know . I should be coordinating with Massive Dynamic resources to assist in the search , not sitting here in some damned cell . When were you last in the Massive Dynamic deep containment facility ? - Yesterday afternoon with Agent Lee . - And before that ? I 've told you already , I haven 't been there for years . Biometric logs show you accessed the storage facility twice within the last three months . That 's not true . The logs have been tampered with . There are eyewitnesses who say they saw you enter the facility . We have signed affidavits from your own security people . Uh , a shapeshifter , it had to have been . That 's the only explanation . If a shapeshifter was responsible , then you 'd be dead . What are you doing with Olivia ? I see where this is headed . You 've convicted me already . I 'm not saying another word without my attorney present . Have it your way . What exactly are you hoping to find on this chip that you haven 't viewed already ? The camera records over itself every 60 minutes burying old images under new , so I hope this gives us a chance to reproduce the old images . A very slim chance . Thanks for the encouragement , Walter . Should 've never let her out of the lab . - You shouldn 't have . - What ? I warned you not to succumb to temptation , Peter . Whatever consciousness Olivia appears to be manifesting now , she 's not who you think she is . - You don 't know that . - What I do know is that if I had kept her here as I should have she wouldn 't have been taken . And we wouldn 't be fishing in the dark . Hinging all our hopes on pulling a palimpsest out of that chip . What matters is finding Olivia . Everything else will work itself out . Sorry , but what is a palimpsest ? Manuscript page from a scroll or book from which the text has been scraped off which means it can be used again . Like when you re-record over an old VHS or cassette . Precisely . And what was underneath bleeds through ... Hold on . I 'm getting something . - Need to increase the magnetic contrast . - Increase the magnetic contrast . Thank you . Olivia . Great . Now what ? Now we dig deeper . See if we can find out who did this to her . Let 's go . - Uh , where are you taking me ? - Please , Miss Sharp don 't make this harder than it has to be . If it 's me you want , you 've got me , you win , but you can leave Nina alone , please . Oh , I couldn 't possibly do that . Every horse needs a carrot . Every mouse , a piece of cheese . Incentive , Agent Dunham . All creatures need an incentive to perform tasks . Give you a little better view , shall we ? Oh , my God . I 'm going to take you through a series of tests . This first one may take some time . - I want you ... - I know what you want me to do . You want me to turn the lights on with my mind . We did something like this before . You were trying to activate my ability to cross universes . And since you seem capable of doing that yourself ... Whatever you know , whatever you think you know of your abilities I assure you , your potential is far greater . Olivia ! Listen to me ! Don 't do what he says . Please , whatever happens don 't let them ... Alrighty then , let 's begin , shall we ? Now if , as you seem to believe , you 've done this before then turning the lights on should not be any problem , should it ? Perhaps this will help you get started . Oh , you son of a bitch . Leave her alone . Don 't waste all that emotion on me , Miss Dunham . Turn on the light . L ... I can 't . Damn you . Can you just leave her alone ? Gladly . You know what you have to do . Just one light . Then we won 't have to hurt her anymore . I can 't . Please stop . I just can 't right now . I 'm tired and I just need rest . Very well . I 'll give you your rest . We 'll try this again in an hour . - Wait . Stop . - What ? - What do you see ? - I don 't see anything . I have to pee . I don 't wanna miss anything . I 've had the same issue for the past 10 minutes . Great . You won 't have to wait too much longer . We can 't dig any deeper , because ... Hold on a second . If I decrease the chrome and the saturation ... That looks like a person . Hello . Can facial rec can tell us who this guy is ? Send a capture of the image , I 'll forward it to FBI . They can cross reference with Interpol 's database . Clearly , he works for that harridan Nina . It 's who Nina 's working for that worries me . Been wracking my brain , trying to figure out why Nina would be dosing Olivia . It occurred to me . The only person who 's done anything like that , at least in my timeline was David Robert Jones . - He might be trying to do it again . - Do what ? - Activate Olivia . - For what purpose ? We could never figure it out , but maybe it 's for the same reasons now . Yes . His goal is the same . You , talk to me . What do you know about David Robert Jones ? What do you know about Olivia ? She needs you . - Oh , my God , he 's been shot . - Check his breathing , dear . There 's no exit wound . Bullet 's still in him . - Breathing 's shallow . - Pulse is weak . No breath sounds from his left side . Lung must have collapsed . If he has lungs . I have no idea if this man 's physiology is similar to ours . It is . That 's what you said in my timeline . Oh . - I suppose I 've no reason to doubt myself . - Walter , should I call the paramedics ? They 'll take him to a hospital . He 'll have a better chance with me . We need to get this bullet and reinflate the lung . My medical kit . Quickly dear . Peter , put pressure here . Walter , he 's an Observer . They only show up at significant events . It must be important . - Who could 've shot him and why ? - I don 't know . But he 's here . He must have something to tell us . He said , " She needs you . " He was talking about Olivia . - Here , here , here . - Bishop . It 's Lincoln . We got the image . Running it through facial recognition . How long till we get an ID ? Not sure . Never tried with an image this weak . Could take time . What do you think the chances are Nina starts talking ? I wouldn 't count on it . She 's got her lawyer in with her now . Short of the Sixth Amendment being repealed , I don 't see her cooperating soon . I am so sorry that you have to go through this . It 's not your fault , Olive . I mean , none of this is your fault . Listen to me . I know Jones . I know what he 's capable of . William fired him because he was unhinged . You cannot give in . If I don 't , he 's going to keep torturing you , and I can 't have that , I won 't . Okay . Nina ? Nina . - You have to help activate me . - Olive , I ... All right . Cortexiphan is based on emotions . For me , it was fear . Not for myself , but the people I loved . Now Jones is using that , hoping that it will access my abilities . - But something 's happened . - What do you mean ? Because of the Cortexiphan I can 't remember certain aspects of our relationship . I can 't remember things about us and without that connection , I can 't do what he wants . It just ... It won 't work . I don 't understand . You don 't remember our life together ? No , I mean , I remember , but ... I just ... I just need for you to help me feel it . Just ... Just help me remember the details what we meant to each other . Maybe if you could ... If you could just tell me a story ? Like maybe the first day that Rachel and I came to live with you ? Uh , oh , well , um ... Hmm , a social worker brought you and your sister up from Jacksonville on the train . Uh , I met you at Penn Station . You really don 't remember ? I remember the train , I think , but ... Just keep going . I brought you girls home , to our old house in the Catskills . And I couldn 't sleep that night . And so you came up to my room and you sat with me , but I can 't remember what we talked about . Okay , I ... You were scared . After what you 'd been through , coming to a new home with a woman you hardly knew . I kept calling you Miss Sharp . Yes , you did , that 's true . And I told you that you didn 't need to worry . That we were a family now . And that whatever happened , we had each other . And we 'd be okay . And I kissed you on the forehead , I kissed you good night and you called me Nina . That was the first time you 'd ever done that . I can only remember pieces fragments . It 's like looking at a photo album of somebody else 's life . This isn 't going to work . I don 't want them to keep hurting you , but the only person that this has ever worked with is Peter . Peter Bishop ? The Cortexiphan , my abilities , it 's only ever worked when I 've been around him . - Nina ? Nina , are you okay ? - Aah . Unh . L ... I ... I don 't know . Unh . Hey ! We need somebody in here now ! Stand back . What is it ? She , uh ... She needs medical attention now . You can tell your boss that if she dies , then his leverage dies . Bring the gurney . - Come on . - Olive ... Olive . - Well ? - I know why it 's not working . She needs Peter Bishop . Apparently , she can 't be activated unless he 's present . Somehow I knew he 'd be trouble . Agent Dunham had asked me not to share this but under the circumstances ... That man paid a visit to Olivia several weeks ago . - What ? - At that Brooklyn opera house while the two of you were on the Other Side . - What did he want ? - Apparently , to warn her . He said he 'd seen all possible futures and in every one Olivia was gonna die . - Peter . - Yeah . You said this man exists out of time . What if , at the opera house weeks ago he was referring to events that are happening now ? If he was trying to warn her about this abduction do you think he knows where she is ? I suppose . Dr. Bishop , do you have any expectation when this man will wake up ? I 've treated him as best I can . But he 's gone into septic shock . His vital organs are shutting down , one by one . I 'm afraid there 's nothing anyone can do for him now . That was HQ . Found a match on the man in Olivia 's apartment . His name is Leland Spivey . His last address was an apartment in Deerfield . I 'll deploy a SWAT unit to his place . Uh , you won 't find him . Leland Spivey died in a car accident three years ago . How was he in Agent Dunham 's apartment weeks ago ? I don 't know . Maybe , uh ... Maybe if Jones can cross to the Other Side , he 's bringing people back with him ? You think the guy on the tape is Spivey 's doppelganger ? It doesn 't matter . It 's a dead end . The only way to find Olivia is through him . - You heard Dr. Bishop . He 's dying . - But he 's not dead . He still has brain function . - Peter , you 're not suggesting ... ? - Why not ? - Suggesting what ? - He wants to go into the Observer 's mind . Is that possible ? You know the only way I 'm gonna find Olivia is if you put me into his consciousness . Peter , this man 's brain could operate in ways we can 't even imagine . And if he dies when you 're in his mind , you could well die too . Can you do it ? Yes . Good . Then let 's get started . We don 't have much time . Okay , Peter . Here we go . The beginning of all things . We have been privileged to witness it . As I am to witness my end . You know that you 're dying . Yes . - I was shot . - By who ? That is not the relevant question . Yes . Olivia . You said she needs my help . Does that mean you know where she is ? That too is not relevant . Not yet . I am sorry but I do not have long and there is much I need you to understand before I go . Who or what are you ? I am called September . But that is a code designation given to members of our scientific team . Scientists . From where ? A more apt question would be : " From when ? " We are you . Were . Human . Many generations after your lifetime . We are one of countless possible futures for humanity . Our technology has uniquely afforded us the ability to travel within and outside of time so that we may observe our beginnings . But you 've done a lot more than observe . Yes . It was my attempt to rectify the mistake I made . What mistake ? Is that ? Your real father . Developing the cure that would have saved your life . Excuse me , what are you doing in here ? Forgive me , Dr. Bishop . I did not mean to disturb you . I am ... - ... an admirer . - Your father found the cure . Visitors must be cleared through security . But in my desire to witness the moment I inadvertently distracted him from discovering it . I know all that . Walter told me . - But what were you doing there ? - I 'm sorry for disturbing you . It was important . You are important . It was why I could not allow you to drown at the bottom of Reiden Lake . Why it was necessary to allow the other Dr. Bishop to cure you instead . But despite my efforts to set things right these actions only culminated in further corruption of the timeline . The war between the two universes drastically altered destinies and brought about a child that was not meant to be . What child ? Your son . Henry . My what ? He was born to the wrong Olivia Dunham due to a series of circumstances that never should have happened . This event would have irrevocably altered everything that was to come . Henry . I have a son . Had . When you made the sacrifice to step into that machine you were not the only one who ceased to exist . So would he . I believed at the time that would be the end of it . I cannot explain but it is clear that I was wrong . You have managed to return in physical form . I suspect this will provide an opportunity for you to put things right . She is the one . The Olivia Dunham from whom your shared future was meant to spring . This must be . And everything will be as it was intended . You must find a way . - They are coming . - Who ? You need to go . What 's happening ? There is no time . I am going to need you to do something for me . I 'm not doing anything till you tell me where to find Olivia . Unh ! For that , you only have to go home . I know I have to go home , I know I have to get back to my timeline . I 'm talking about this Olivia , in this timeline . She 's in danger . Go home . - Walter , what 's happening ? - I don 't know . His heart rate is suddenly spiking . Peter , did you make contact ? Was he able to tell you where Olivia is ? - No . - Give me 30 milligrams of propiophenone ... Walter ! Somebody wanna tell me what the hell just happened ? I don 't understand how this table just knocked itself over . A dying man vanishes in front of our eyes , and you 're wondering about the table ? Among other things . He just stopped suddenly and he said , " They 're coming . " Then I got yanked out . Well , I didn 't do any yanking . It must have been them . The them who were coming . You 're certain he had nothing else to offer ? Mm-mm . He just kept on saying how I needed to get back to my timeline and my Olivia . Your Olivia and our Olivia ? I thought they were one and the same to you . Then we 're right back where we started . With Nina Sharp being our only real lead . I think she 's been on ice long enough . Let 's see if she 's ready to deal . You tried , Peter . It was a valiant effort , nonetheless . You 're very lucky to have made it out . I can 't imagine what would have happened if this Observer had disappeared with your consciousness still inside his brain . He existed outside of time . He could have helped me to find Olivia . He kept on saying that I needed to get home . What if he was being literal this time ? Not home to my timeline , just to my house . Do you think that she 's waiting for you at your house ? After she 's been kidnapped ? I suppose it makes as much sense as anything else that 's gone on here . - But it doesn 't make any sense . - My point exactly . I know that sounds crazy , but I gotta at least check it out . Maybe there 's a clue that could point me to Olivia . I 'll call you if I find anything . Olivia ? Olivia ? You here ? Where is she ? I said , where is she ? Hello ? Peter . Peter ! Olivia . Olivia . - Are you okay ? Did they hurt you ? - No , no , I 'm fine , I 'm fine . Nice of you to join us , Mr. Bishop . By now , you must have realized that your every word was being monitored . If I overheard you correctly you believe this man will be helpful in evoking an emotional response . So let 's give it a try , shall we ? Unless , of course , I was mistaken . I find your silence encouraging . - Don 't do it , Olivia . - I 'm afraid you must or Leland here will start slicing off pieces of your friend . Excellent , Agent Dunham . I knew you had it in you . Impressive . What are you doing , Olivia ? I 'm doing what you wanted . I 'm turning on the lights . You couldn 't . No , Olivia , don 't . - You 're not Nina . - What are you talking about ? My high school graduation . You told me now I was an adult , I was no longer to call you Miss Sharp . That was the first time I called you Nina . Get her out . - Peter ? - Olivia . How did you do that ? How did you know how to concentrate your power ? Well , I , uh ... I didn 't . I just knew that when I was a little girl I did something similar . And if they brought you to me , it might give me what I needed to do it again . Okay , come on . We best be on our way . Be a good fellow and keep them occupied , will you ? Olivia . I got you . You 're gonna be okay . I 'm here . On your feet , both of you . She 's having a seizure . I said get up . Hey . Let 's go . Please be so kind as to step aside . Ladies first . Jones . Don 't move . That was quite a display you put on in there , Miss Dunham . Your love for this man must be something quite profound . Jones , you can step away from the portal . Goodbye for now , Agent Dunham . It would seem there are some fringe benefits to having one 's body reassembled on an atomic level . Peter , I ... Did you see that ? I got you . I got you . - Let 's get you out of here , okay ? - Okay . Yeah , yeah . Plainfield Memorial . But , Lincoln , make sure you tell the EMTs that she 's gonna need diazepam . All right . Thanks . First responders are on their way . You 're gonna be fine . No , it 's okay . I 'm feeling better now . I guess all the energy that I expended did a number on my nervous system . Maybe . Or maybe it was me . It 's by being close to you , like Walter said . Walter isn 't always right . And neither am I. At the gas station , just before you got taken you were ready to come home with me . And I was ready to think that that was okay . But it wasn 't . It was a mistake . One that I promised myself I 'd never make again . - This isn 't the same as what happened . - I saw her . I saw my Olivia , the one that I am supposed to be with . The only one that I 'm supposed to be with . Peter , I don 't understand what 's happening to me anymore than you do . But that doesn 't change what I do know . What you know , that if you look at me , if you ... If you look ... If you look into my eyes you can see that I am her . No . No . You have her memories . You have my memories of her . You 're a projection or I don 't know what . When I looked into your eyes what I saw was what I wanted to see . I know she 's out there . My Olivia , in my timeline , waiting for me . And I let myself forget that , so I 'm sorry , Olivia . I 'll be sure that Walter can fix you up somehow and give you back your life . Right now I think it 's better if I stay away . Peter , I 'm in love with you and I can 't just turn that off now . I don 't wanna lose you . Where are you going ? Home . I have to go home .
