 Previously on Fringe ... Clearly I 'm on the wrong place . All the people that I know and love are ... somewhere else . You were showing up in my dreams . How is that even possible when I 've never even seen you before ? In the dreams , did you feel like you knew me ? Did you feel anything ? You are a stranger . So what would I feel ? His name is David Robert Jones . He was looking for a mineral named anphilicite . If you know how to process it , it could be used as a power source . With this stuff , you get a lot of bang for your buck . Well , how much bang are we talking ? Enough to blow a hole in the universe . I love you . Do you love me ? I do . Then tell me . I want to hear you say it . I love you . [ Cell phone rings ] Hey . It 's Peter . I 'm sorry . I know it 's early . Did I wake you ? Uh , no , that 's okay . What 's up ? Me and Walter for the last 24 hours . We 've been working on the machine . Did you make any progress ? Yes . I think we had a breakthrough . Could be the first step towards getting me back home , but ... But ... There 's something I need your help with . ( Walter ) Gently , gently ... The trick is to ensure optimal heat distribution ... While not allowing the mixture to separate . [ Chuckles ] Ah , Olivia , you 're just in time . What is that smell ? ( Peter ) Walter is creating a new breakfast cocktail- - Hot cinnamon roll . Did you know that the cocktail was historically conceived as a morning beverage ? The etymology of the word itself , " cocktail , " comes from the magnificent rooster , who announces the dawn of each day . What 's in it ? [ Men slurping ] Oh , boy . It 's mostly cinnamon schnapps and butter , but ... Right now it 's mostly butter . It needs more butter . [ Exhales deeply ] You okay ? Yeah , I 'm just a little bit tired- - That 's all . Uh , what did you need my help with ? [ Walter chuckles ] Peter and I have completed the biomechanical interface for the machine . The device is uniquely calibrated to work only with Peter 's genetic profile . It uses an organic interface to transcode Peter 's neural impulses into command directives . Just watch . So you 're able to control the machine with your thoughts through this ? That 's how I was able to do it back in my timeline . And what , you just click your heels and think of home ? Well , we haven 't quite worked out how that works yet , but that 's kind of how I ended up here in Oz in the first place , so in theory , yeah . We won 't know for sure until we 're able to test the prototype on the machine itself . Which would require Broyles ' authorization . Now I know why I 'm here . You don 't mind asking him , do you ? No , of course not . I 'll see what I can do . ♪ I ... ♪ ♪ I have crazy dreams ♪ Come on . Hey , check it out ! Do you see that ? What is that ? Over there . I 'll get Walter online . Welcome to Vermont . Thanks . So what brings us here ? Atlantic 591 was passing overhead when a disturbance occurred mid-flight . It appears their electrical and hydraulic systems failed . Walter ? I 'm sorry . I can 't seem to reach him . Any survivors ? None . NTSB is currently working the crash site about two miles south of here . Walter ... But we think whatever caused the crash originated in this location . On what basis ? Approximately three hours ago , every vehicle on this stretch of highway inexplicably lost power . Well , it could be some sort of interference . Are there any high-frequency radio towers around ? None . That wouldn 't explain some of the stranger events described by witnesses . Objects suspended in midair ... ( Astrid ) Walter , are you getting this ? Can you hear me ? Walter ... ( Walter ) For God 's sake , woman , lower your decibels . You 're here , in person . I thought it was a nice day for a drive . Well , let 's get started , shall we ? Well done convincing him to leave the lab . Don 't look at me . This was his idea . I guess he finally got tired of being caged up . Yeah , it 's not just that . I mean , he 's been much more open lately , somehow . ( Walter ) Peter ! Look at this . Walter , what are you doing ? This car belongs to someone . Just watch . Huh . It 's magnetized . ( Walter ) As I suspected- - I didn 't think that those levitating effects that the witnesses described were the result of a change in gravity . On the contrary , it seems that for a brief moment , the electromagnetic force in this area was increased dramatically . ( Peter ) Which is why all of the cars ' electrical systems failed ... And probably the plane 's as well . And it was strong enough ... [ Grunts ] To leave a residual magnetic force in all metal objects in the vicinity . Do you have any idea what caused it ? No . Not yet . I 'll- - I 'll need to take some samples before I can develop a proper theory . Um , but I-I-I will require some of the plane 's wreckage and the black box . Go ahead and collect whatever evidence you need here . Agent Farnsworth and I will coordinate with NTSB to take custody of the wreckage and the bodies . Peter ... While I 'm collecting the samples , just down the road , I saw a sign for a place that serves delicious homemade rhubarb pie . Who 's hungry ? There . " The best in Westfield . " Do you see ? Damn it . What 's up ? I can 't get a signal . I 'm gonna hit that pay phone on the corner , see if I can get an e.T.A. From Astrid . We may have to get the rhubarb to go . All right . We 'll meet you in there . Okay . [ Bell rings ] Come on in out of the cold , gentlemen . Have a seat . What can I get for you ? Your largest slice of rhubarb pie and coffee , please . All right . And for you ? Just the bathroom . Uh , it 's in the back there- - First door on your right . Thanks . So where you folks from ? Boston . Ah , it 's a lovely city . Got an Uncle out in Somerville . Your first time in Vermont ? Are we in Vermont ? I had no idea . What , you folks lost ? Not that I 'm aware of . Well , how does a man drive all the way from Boston to Vermont and not even know that he 's there ? Oh , I 'm not allowed to drive . I haven 't renewed my license since I got out of the mental institution . [ Laughs ] You know what ? I like you . Pie 's on the house . Oh . Thank you . [ Person groans ] Hey . Looks like June got you some coffee . How 's your evening going ? Excellent . And yours ? Just fine . So what can I get for you ? Pardon ? What do you want to order ? But ... But I ordered a moment ago . This is my busiest shift . Do you want to order or not ? But I did . I-I ordered rhubarb pie . And you even offered to give it to me free of charge . Are you trying to steal food ? No , of course not . Nobody steals from me . Not you , not cliff , nobody . You hear me , old man ? I hear you . I hear you perfectly well . Oh . [ Chuckles ] Still got to get you that pie . Must 've forgot . I 'm sorry about that . [ Plate clatters ] [ Soft groaning continues ] Please ... And there you go . Anything else I can get for you ? No . Thank you very much . You 're very welcome . Yaah ! Whaa ! Peter ! Peter ! Walter ! Rraah ! [ Gun fires ] Peter ... I 'm okay . [ Grunts ] What- - what happened ? I don 't know , but there 's a guy in the back room . I think the cook attacked him . He 's pretty beat up . Thank you . Come on . Pulse pressure 's weak ... Probably as a result of the puncture in the arm . An inch to the right , it would 've hit his brachial artery . I just found another body behind the counter . What are you thinking , serial killer ? I don 't know . I mean , I think there 's something off about this entire town . Meaning what ? The whole place is deserted . I can 't get a cell signal . All the phone lines are down . Do I take that to mean that we can 't call for an ambulance ? What , you can 't treat him here ? Well , he 's lost too much blood . Unless he is administered fluid , resuscitation , and a blood transfusion immediately , he may not make it . Well , the nearest hospital is 20 miles away . Then let 's get movin ' . Grab his feet . [ Grunts ] Where am I ? You 've sustained some injuries . We 're going to get you to a hospital . No . No , we can 't leave . We- - we can 't leave . ( Walter ) You 're going to be all right . Stay with us . What 's your name ? Cliff . Cliff Hayes . Did you see that ? Yeah , " Welcome to Westfield . " Y-you must 've gotten turned around someplace . Yeah , I guess so . You just got to stay on the main road . It takes you right back to the highway . Yeah , I-I thought I did . What the hell is going on here ? That 's not possible . We can 't leave . We can 't leave . We can 't leave . I think our friend 's right . We 're trapped here . [ Door closes ] Hello ? FBI . Anyone here ? Put him down here , Peter . [ Grunts ] His pulse is dropping . Start the blood transfusion immediately . With what , Walter ? Uh , see if you can find a first aid kit . There might be an I.V. I 'm " o " negative , so I can donate . Okay , the phones are out here too . Walter , why can 't we leave ? Do you think it 's got something to do with what happened on the highway ? ( Walter ) I 'm not sure . I 've seen this once before . Where ? Brigadoon . The musical . Magical town in the forest where no one can leave . Of course , that quaint Scottish village was more hospitable than our present locale . Come on , Walter . I haven 't formed a hypothesis at the moment . My concern is keeping this man alive . ( Peter ) Found an I.V. Kit . Good . Put pressure here . Prepare two needles . [ Gasps ] We 're not safe here . This town ... Everyone 's crazy . ( Cliff ) It started three nights ago . My sister woke us up . She was frantic . She was so scared . A man had broken into her house . I tried calling the sheriff , but the phones were down , so I went over . When I got there , I found ... Her husband in the bedroom ... Shot in the head ... Point-blank . The intruder killed him ? Not the intruder . Her . She said she 'd never seen him before in her life . They 'd been married for 18 years . So the effects are amnesic ? ( Cliff ) Not exactly . She was delusional , she was talking about people she 'd never met ... Things she 'd never done ... Children she didn 't have . It was as if she was ... Having memories , all of a sudden , from someone else 's life . The symptoms you 're describing- - It resembles schizophrenia . I know it well . ( Cliff ) Except it wasn 't just her . It was everyone . So how can an entire town turn schizophrenic overnight ? ( Peter ) Some sort of biological contagion ? Maybe a virus that affects the human brain ? A virus doesn 't explain why we drive out one side of town and right in the other . Oh , this is something else . What else can you tell us about the symptoms ? Most got sick right away . Others took longer , like , hours , a day . But it always started the same way . First , confusion , forgetting things ... Tremors . Some of them became paranoid . Others turned violent . Like our friend at the diner . A few of us who are immune are holed up at the high school . Including my wife and daughter . That 's why I went to the diner , to get them food . They need supplies . But what they need most of all is hope . Knowing that the FBI is here might give them that . All right , we need to find a way to contact Broyles and let him know what 's going on here . I did find some radios out back . I could try to send out a signal , but I 'm gonna need an elevated place with a clear line of sight and something to boost the power . There is a- - An emergency generator at the high school . What do you think ? I think we 're gonna need a few things first . You know , I think there 's a military base about 50 miles from here . You think the army 's involved in this ? I mean , something of this magnitude- - A whole town ? Perhaps it was a military experiment gone wrong , like that case we caught in Edina . Where 's Edina ? Uh , upstate New York . Remember , the whole town 's population was disfigured from the military experiment ? We never had such a case . [ Chuckles ] I investigated a case in Edina with my Walter and my Olivia . Oh , right . Right , well , I must 've- - I must 've read it in your debrief . Oh , uh , Peter , now , now , I don 't consider myself to be a violent man ... Per se , but given the danger of our , uh , present predicament , I think it would be best if I had one of those . [ Sighs ] Pepper spray ? Just remember it shoots that way . You ever use a gun ? I 'm a teacher . Okay , red button , safety . Come on . Okay , let 's go . [ Man humming ] What 's that ? W- - Shh , shh . You guys hear that ? [ Continues humming ] We got to get out of this town . [ Engine clicks ] Come on . ( Walter ) It won 't start . The increase in electromagnetism that caused the cars to lose power on the highway must be present in this town too . Well , it was working when we pulled in . Well , the effect must be intermittent . We can wait , but we have no idea how long it will last . I see the resemblance . Pardon ? Agent Dunham said his name is Bishop , like yours . He 's your son , isn 't he ? In a fashion , yes , you could say that . [ Grunts ] You all right ? Yeah . It 's just- - My arm won 't stop shaking . That 's all . Whoa , whoa . What 's the matter ? No , I 'm okay . [ Laughs ] It 's just- - I 'm just a little bit dizzy . You need some water ? [ Slurring incoherently ] Oh , Peter , I don 't know how to explain it , but that feels like there was somebody else in my , uh- - In my head . Here ... Take this . I-I-I 'm scared that- - That what 's happening to the other people in this town is happening to me . [ Cliff grunts , panting ] [ Pounding on door ] Open up . It 's cliff . [ Pounding continues ] [ Keys jingle ] [ Grunts ] Cliff . Who are they ? They 're FBI , Brian . I 'll explain inside . I thought you were dead . What happened ? Long story . How many people do you have here ? 12 of us made it . Eleven . Teresa . When ? This morning . Locked her up in one of the empty classrooms . Couldn 't take the chance she 'd hurt one of us . Daddy ! Lacey-girl . [ Laughs ] Oh , my God . I thought you were- - No , no . I 'm here . I 'm here . We got to tell Walter . If you think what 's happening to these people is happening to you- - So , FBI , huh ? Where 's the rest of you ? Uh , they 'll be here soon . We 've been trapped here for days . Our whole damn town 's destroyed . Our friends , our families- - Everyone 's going crazy , and the U.S. government sends three people ? Look , I understand that you have questions , but all I can tell you at the moment is that help will come . Now , in the meantime , we need to work together , find out what 's going on here , and also how to get out . If I could examine one of the victims , we might get answers to what 's happening in this town . I heard that one of your party went insane . May I see her ? [ Snaps fingers ] Teresa . You 're the man from the government . You 're here about our air quality . The air quality 's bad here , isn 't it ? Hmm . May I ? Hmm . Fascinating . What is it , Walter ? I 'll need to take a blood sample . The cook at the diner had two irises in each eye . Perhaps whatever is afflicting these people is creating some sort of rapid mitosis , causing the cells to replicate exponentially , duplicating body parts . Mm . I 'm going to ask you some questions , Teresa . I should start supper . Lee 's going to be home soon . H-her husband- - He passed six , seven years ago . So when was the last time you saw Lee , Teresa ? This morning . I packed his lunch before he went to work . And what did you and Lee talk about this morning ? Is this a joke ? Some sick joke ? Sorry ? My Lee 's dead ... Seven years this April . I should start supper . Lee 's gonna be home soon . How did it go ? Did you get the radio to work ? I couldn 't get a signal . Even if I had a generator twice that size , there 's just too much electromagnetic interference . I think we 're stuck here for a while . What 's wrong ? That woman , Teresa- - Her husband died seven years ago , and yet she thinks she talked to him this morning . Let Walter test your blood too . It 's the only way you 're gonna know for sure . They 're probably just psychosomatic- - These things you 're feeling . You were always very empathetic , even as a child . That 's why you 're such a great investigator- - You ability to empathize with the victims . That 's all this is . A-and if it 's something worse , then we 'll deal with it . Well , I-I need to go and examine this . Well , I 'm glad you 're here- - Not just for me but for him . I 've seen the way he 's been with you lately . Before you got here , he was kind of shut down and isolated . He 's a lot like my Walter , this one . What 's she like ? Pardon me ? The other Olivia . I 'm just curious . I don 't know , she 's , uh- - She 's driven . She 's very , very stubborn . She doesn 't like to lose . But she sees the best in people , even when they don 't see it themselves . When she first found me , I was in Baghdad trying to run a scam on these two iranian businessmen . I didn 't picture you as the scamming type . [ Chuckles ] That 's what made me so good at it . Anyway , it was all supposed to be temporary . She told me I just had to babysit Walter while he was working on a case for the FBI , and then after it was done , I could leave , go back to my own life- - Despite , of course , how gorgeous she is . Well , you 've got good taste . She gave me something that I hadn 't had since- - Really since my mom died . She gave me ... A place to call home ... A place I 'd want to call home . [ Chuckles ] Eventually , we even had our own thing . A thing ? Yeah , a thing . A routine , you know ? On Friday nights , we 'd get together . We 'd watch cheesy horror films and order in from Damiano 's . [ Chuckles ] You ever been ? No , but I 've driven past on my way home . It 's good . You should check it out . Well , she 's lucky to have you . [ Screaming ] Oh , my God ! No ! What happened ? I don 't know . I just found her like this . She got loose somehow . I don 't understand . She was fine when we got here . I mean , if it happened to her , what 's to say it 's not gonna happen to rest of us , and why hasn 't anybody come ? We 're all gonna be okay . We just need to figure out what 's happening here and find out how to get out . They shouldn 't even be here . I 'm sorry ? Last fall I was offered a teaching job in Philadelphia . Angela wanted me to take it . I convinced her to stay . I think deep down I was scared to leave here . This town is all I 've ever known . If I had just taken that job , my family would be safe now . Maybe . But you are here , and if it weren 't for you , they might not have made it this far . ( Walter over p.A. System ) Will Olivia Dunham and Peter Bishop please report to the biology lab at once ? Olivia and Peter to the biology lab . Thank you . Peter ? Olivia ? I think I 've worked out what 's happened in this town . When I examined Teresa 's blood , I found 92 chromosomes in her DNA . Well , that 's twice the genetic material that should appear in any human being . Okay , well , how is that possible ? Belly and I once combined a tiny portion of our universe with the alternate universe in a goldfish bowl in our lab . Besides ... What it did to the goldfish , the effect on the physics in the overlapping areas was catastrophic . Gravity , electromagnetic fields- - Walter , what you 're saying is the two universes merged together somehow ? Yeah , I 'm afraid I am . Um ... These two circles ... Represent the respective universes . And this overlap is the town . Now , for reasons that I am yet to deduce , our Westfield has merged with the Westfield from the alternate universe , trapping the three of us in the overlap . Okay , well , how can two universes merging drive an entire town insane ? Maybe the same thing that 's happening to the town is happening to the townspeople . They 're merging with their doppelgangers . Which would explain why Teresa , uh , thought her husband was alive and dead at the same time . I mean , can you imagine being flooded with years of experiences and memories that were not your own ? The mind- - Unable to distinguish between what 's real and what is not . Okay , well , can it be reversed ? Sadly , no . I am afraid the damage is done . So what are you saying , Walter , that Olivia 's- - What ? No , Olivia 's blood was fine . Did I fail to mention that ? Yes , you left that part out . Oh , you 're- - You 're perfectly fine , dear . Now , as with all of us , it stands to reason that cliff and the other people here do not have doppelgangers at present in the town in the alternate universe . But cliff said that he turned down a job offer in Philadelphia last fall . Right , but in the alternate universe , he must 've taken the job and moved his family . Hey , Walter , could any of this happen naturally ? I-I-I-I don 't see how . When belly and I merged just a tiny portion of the universes , the energy required was tremendous . I-I can 't imagine an energy source that would merge an entire town . What about amphilocite ? Yes , that would do it . You think that David Robert Jones is involved ? I don 't know , but maybe that 's why he was at the quarry . Mining amphilocite , to do this . But why ? I mean , to what end ? Of course , if my theory 's correct , it presents a more pressing problem . The effects I have just described- - They are just phase one . What 's phase two ? [ Thud ] Agent Dunham , you need to see this . That ... Is phase two . Lacey , come on . Come away from there , honey . Daddy , what 's happening ? It 's gonna be okay . Go with mommy . I just don 't know what to do . The two towns have merged together . They 're creating an excess of mass and energy in the overlapping regions . The fundamental forces of physics are colliding- - Out of balance , destroying everything . Well , isn 't there anywhere we 'll be safe ? No . Two things cannot occupy the same space without dire consequences . Both towns will be destroyed and all of us with them . There 's nothing we can do . There 's nothing we can do . M-maybe you should go and talk to him . Me ? Well , I 've seen how you two are together , and he seems to respond to you . Walter ... There must be something we can do . You said that the forces of nature are colliding . Do you think they could be offset by opposite forces ? Yes , yes , yes , yes , yes . [ Sighs ] The sum of equal and opposite vectors is- - Is zero . Very clever , Peter . We need to find the place where the opposite forces meet and cancel out . Like the eye of the storm . In a hurricane , the center is said to be the safest spot . And after this thing is said and done , it might be the only place that survives . Of course . We need to find the true center of the merger . Okay , well , you do that . I 'm gonna get us a ride . Come on . Okay , we need to get to a place where we 're gonna be safe from the destruction . Where ? We 're working on it . But we 're gonna need vehicles to transport us there . Now , we know that the phenomenon affects electronics , so any fuel-injected engines won 't work . We need older cars , uh , any running models from the 1970s- - Two , maybe three to transport everyone safely . I might have a better idea . We left town here . And we entered for the first time here . And cliff said the first building to fall was the bank here on river and highway . Right . So , in order to find the bull 's-eye ... Connect the points . Divide in half . Construct the perpendicular bisectors . And extend to their intersection- - In the center here . ( Both ) Cypress and Quimby . We think the center 's gonna be right there . " Cypress and Quimby . " That looks about four miles from here . If Peter 's theory is correct , it will be the only thing left standing when the town collapses upon itself . Need a ride ? It 's okay . It 's okay . Daddy won 't let anything happen to you . Go ahead . Mommy . Okay . Where am I going ? Okay , uh , cypress and Quimby . Do you know that ? Yeah , yeah , yeah . There 's a bike shop there . Don 't cry , dear . We 're going to a safe place . We 'll be fine . You 'll see . [ Screams ] [ All screaming ] Peter ! [ Screaming ] Nice shot . Okay , is everyone all right ? I think we better get moving . Okay . Well , that 's not moving ! Okay , everyone , we 're on foot from here ! Make sure you stay together . Come on , run ! Go , go , go ! That the last of them ? Yes . Come on ! Daddy ! ( Man ) Let 's go , let 's go ! Everybody inside ! Walter , what are you doing ? Come on , get inside . Peter . Peter , you were right . This is it . This is the eye of the storm . Great . We 'll be fine . We- - we 'll be safe here . Daddy , I 'm scared . So loud . ( Broyles ) Understood . Coordinate with COC and keep me apprised of any changes . Anything ? Search teams just checked in . They scanned the entire area . No other survivors . And it gets worse . How ? During the search , we found several unusual devices . We 're not sure how the technology works , but they were placed around the perimeter of the town . David Robert Jones . Hazmat detected trace amounts of amphilocite . What would David Robert Jones have to gain by destroying a town that people didn 't even know was here to begin with ? I don 't know . But the amount of amphilocite recovered from those devices is only a fraction of Jones ' stockpile . Sir , we 've got director Norris . Go home . I can take it from here . Hey . How is Lacey holding up ? It 's just a sprain . She 's fine . She 's strong . And how are you ? My home ... Everything I 've ever known- - How did they just disappear ? I wish I knew . Even if you did , you probably wouldn 't be able to tell me , right ? The bureau is gonna help you with temporary housing until you get back on your feet . Well , we have each other . No matter what happens , we 'll face it together . ( Walter ) Beautiful . See you tomorrow . You 're leaving ? But I-I 've made crepes- - Breakfast for dinner . Second most important meal of the day . [ Chuckles ] I 'm sorry , Walter . I didn 't know . Will you take a rain check ? Of course . First thing tomorrow morning , I promise . And maybe by that time Broyles will have allowed us access to the machine . Oh , yes . We can resume our efforts to get you home . Peter ... Good night . Good night , Walter . Hey , come in . Hey . I hope you don 't mind . I was just in the neighborhood . Thought I 'd stop by to see how you 're feeling . No , why would I ? I 'm gonna pour you a drink . What is that that smells so fantastic ? [ Chuckles ] What do you mean ? It 's Friday . I ordered Damiano 's . W-whoa . Olivia .
