 THE ARRIVAL OF WANG - Hello ? - Miss Aloisi ? - DE Renzi here , remember me ? - Of course , good morning . - Am I disturbing you ? - No , what 's up ? Herein Via Milano , we were satisfied with the results of your last job . Are you working at the moment ? I 'm finishing the translation of a movie I have to deliver tomorrow morning , so , yes , I 'm free . Why ? Well , the job wouldn 't be for us . It 's for ... colleagues . They asked if we knew someone . It 's for an interpreting job . But the problem is , it 's needed today . Ah , today ? I don 't know , it 's a bit difficult . It 'd only be for a couple of hours . They told me they 'd pay very well about two thousand Euros . Wow ! That 's serious money ! - I dunno ... - It really is very urgent They need an interpreter now . But if you can 't ... - All right , but what 's it about ? - I have no clear idea . They 'll explain it to you , I imagine . They only told me it was very urgent Ah , OK . Well , what can I say ? I hope I can postpone the delivery of the film Where do I have to go ? If I give them your address , they 'll send a car for you in half an hour . Half an hour ? Oh , my God , I dunno . OK ! Via dell 'Orso , 23 . Via dell 'Orso , 23 . - Thank you , really . - Not at all . I apologise for the " strangeness " of the situation . No , don 't worry , I 'm used to strangeness So much the better . Goodbye . Already here ? Giorgio , I had to rush away on an urgent job . I 'll explain later . Back in a couple of hours . Make dinner ! Kisses , Gaia . - Gaia Aloisi ? - Yes . Please . Good morning , I 'm Stefan Curti , Division Manager . Good morning . I 'm sorry about all this rush , but it is a matter of the utmost importance . No problem . But there was no need to come pick me up . Well , you see , it 's a very particular situation We couldn 't provide you with the address of our destination . As a matter of fact , I 'll have to ask you to put this over your eyes . - You can 't be serious ? - Please try to understand It 's a very delicate matter and the place we 're going needs to remain top secret . No , look , I don 't think I 'm ready for this . I understand your doubts and concerns perfectly well . But I guarantee it 's a simple precaution we 're taking . For your own security more than anything else . Who are you ? Secret service ? You spoke with DE Renzi , with whom you 've already worked , right ? Well then , it should already be clear that it 's a service for the State . But I 'd rather not tell you more . Let 's just say my job is to keep you company during the trip with some idle conversation . Anyhow , trust me : from a tourist point of view , you won 't miss a thing ! Now let me explain what we 're up against : we need to ask a few questions to someone who only speaks Chinese . And we found ourselves in such an emergency that we didn 't have the means to go through our normal channels . What 's it about ? Well , you see ... The whole business is very confidential . We 'd prefer to keep as tight a lid as possible . Please . Slowly , slowly ... A step . Come . Careful . We 're almost there . Careful , here on the right . Here on the left . Be careful down the stairs . Slowly . That 's it , yes . Careful , another one . And another , and another ... The last one . Now go right . - Careful . - Please . - I can 't stand it in here . - Ma 'am ! I told you we need to sort out some formalities . What formalities ? I warned you , I gave it to you straight ! Why did you take so long to believe me ? No , no , Mrs Amounike ! Come with me ! - Where are you taking me ? - Sit down . - Let me go ! - Here we are . - Then let me go ! - Sit down ! Don 't make things worse ! Worse than the thing in there ? Are you ready for some more odd behaviour from us . I don 't know . But let 's hear it . All right . You are presently seated at a table in front of a person we need to ask a list of questions . What 's so strange about that ? We 'd rather you didn 't see the face of the person we 'll be talking to . Why ? Is it someone I could know ? If I could answer you , I wouldn 't have to hide his face from you . You want to run the whole interview with this blindfold ? That would be a solution . At the moment , the lights in this room are switched off . I figured we could carry on our conversation in the dark - Wouldn 't that be better ? - Yes , better . Please , take off this blindfold . It 's beginning to bother me . I 'll take it off right away ! Here , better ? - Yes . Thank you . - Now we can get started . Very well , then , seated in front of you is Mr Wang whom we will ask to answer a series of questions . Good morning , Mr Wang . Good morning . If you 're ready , we can start with the first question . Mr Wang , your presence in Rome was first reported to us two weeks ago as being in the basement-apartment owned by Mrs Amounike . How long had you been staying there ? I had just arrived . Not more than a few hours . Why were you in that particular place ? I thought it was uninhabited . After you escaped Mrs Amounike 's house , where did you hide ? Mr Wang says that the terms " escape " and " hide " aren 't appropriate . Once you left the house , what was your destination ? A place suited to my needs . You obviously don 't wish to answer that question ! But I guarantee that , in a matter of time , you will . So the sooner the better for all of us , but especially for you ! That sounds like a threat . I 'm not sure ... Miss , for the time being , limit yourself to translating ! If we take a break , I 'll try to clarify the situation for you somewhat . But now let me finish the question and please simply translate it ! Go ahead . Can you explain to us why this morning , all of a sudden , you felt a strong need to return to Mrs Amounike 's house , despite the obvious risks and difficulties of such an initiative ? I was fond of the place . I wanted to explain my situation to Mrs Amounike . We have reason to believe that you returned to Mrs Amounike 's house to retrieve something which , in your rush , you 'd left behind . We want to know if that 's the case , and if so , what it was . I don 't understand why you draw all these conclusions . If you 're so convinced , why do you bother asking questions ? I already told you why I went back . Where I come from , courtesy still has value . For me , it was important to explain myself to Mrs Amounike , as it is with you , Mr Curti . Enough of this waltzing , Mr Wang Why did you come here to us ? Cultural exchange and reciprocal appreciation . Bullshit ! This is just bullshit ! Why this attitude ? Maybe he 's telling the truth . Please , Miss Aloisi . Don 't interfere ! You don 't know ! But you 're right . Let 's moderate our tone . Mr Wang , forgive me for ? ying off the handle . Explain to me . Why Chinese ? Excuse me , in what sense ? Translate ! Mr Wang will understand ! Sometimes it 's difficult to translate when you don 't understand the concept . Is it so difficult for you to translate something you don 't understand ? Why the Chinese language ? Is that better now ? It 's the most spoken language in the world . It seemed the best choice to communicate with as many people as possible . That 's a credible answer . Now let 's move ahead , Mr Wang . Wait a second please , Mr Curti . I 'm confused and a bit troubled by the drift of this conversation . I don 't know if I can ... Would you like to take a break ? Gladly . And if I could have a quick snack , maybe . All right . Sony , but it all came so suddenly . Drink this . You 'll feel better . Thank you . Thank you . I 'm sorry . The situation is pretty nerve-racking . Why ? Did something come out ? Did he say something ? Answer me ! Are we in danger ? Danger ? What do you mean ? - Mr Wang is some sort of terrorist ? - No . A terrorist ? Mr Wang ? - That thing 's a ... - Mrs Amounike , your position is already complicated . Don 't complicate it for Miss Aloisi as well . All right , let 's go . Bastards ! Believe me , if we 're keeping you in the dark about a few things , - it 's for your own protection . - I believe you . It 's just that this conversation in the dark is tying me in knots ! I 'm not sure I 'm doing my job well . - I know and I understand . - How about this ? We carry on with the lights on , and I promise not to ask any more questions Look , we 'll grant all your conditions . For us , carrying on this interrogation is vital . But you need to understand that just looking at Mr Wang 's face will put you in a very difficult situation Are you ready to pay the consequences ? Going on in the dark is impossible for me . I guess I 'm ready for just about anything . From discovering I 'm in front of Yao Ming , who , in truth , is a dangerous terrorist , to being face-to-face with a Mao Tse Tung back from the dead ! All right , then . Open ! Let 's go . Careful . Sit down , please . Are you ready ? Yes . Good morning , Miss Aloisi ! Let me out ! Let me out ! - Miss Aloisi ! Calm down ! - Let me go ! Let me go ! Why are you afraid ? I have no intentions of harming you . I understand my appearance is out of the ordinary . But I assure you , I 'm only interested in communicating with you . Let 's continue . His breathing seems regular . His heartbeat as well . At least , as far as we can understand . His respiratory system seems perfectly adaptable to our atmosphere . And his body temperature , too . Plus , we took all the tests , toxicological , bacteriological , and on and on , through the whole list . And it seems the subject is in no way contagious or radioactive . In short , for all we have ascertained , there are no health risks for those who get close to him . There is no need for special protection to be in his presence . I realize it 's fun to play the merry surgeon with such a unique subject but I need to communicate with him , understand who he is , what he wants ! - Can you wake him up ? - Absolutely ! He seems to be in excellent health ! Just a bit dehydrated . But don 't ask me how to communicate with him . I come from a distant planet . The voyage to planet Earth was long and difficult . For our scientists , discovering the existence of another inhabited planet , five years ago , was an extremely important event , marking a new epoch . We observed you from a distance until our government decided to organize my scouting mission to begin a programme of cultural , scientific and medical exchange . Thanks to the invention of the ... I would translate the word as " conceptual synthesizer " , but ... That 's fine , it renders the idea Carry on . Thanks to the invention of the conceptual synthesizer , through an immersion method , in a few weeks , I learned what we figured was the most widespread language on your planet : Mandarin Chinese . I 've been in Rome two weeks , and I understood it was the wrong language . Nevertheless , I hope to continue my mission of reciprocal understanding , hoping that it will usher an era of true and solid friendship between the populations of our two planets . So , Mr Wang . You don 't mind if I continue to call you that ? I would certainly be more pleased if you called me by my real name , but I 'm afraid it 's unpronounceable for you . Right . Of course , I understand . Mr Wang , if you really came among us to bring a message of peace and cultural exchange , how come you hid from everyone for two weeks and then ran away from Mrs Amounike , the only person who saw you by accident ? Please , don 't . I won 't hurt you . - Police . - There was a monster in my house ! - Calm down ! I don 't understand . - A monster , a strange animal . He went away , but you 've gotta find him ! Please , Ma 'am ! Try to explain yourself better Where would this ... monster be now ? How should I know ? He 's gone ! He 's a monster ! You 've gotta find him ! He could be dangerous ! What if he kills someone ? Calm down , we 'll send in the special forces now ! The acceptance of the terrestrials was more difficult than foreseen . So the idea of going back to her house to apologise was the first step in obtaining this acceptance from the terrestrials . Correct ? - Exactly . - Bullshit ! Why did you go back to Mrs Amounike 's house ? Aren 't you translating ? I 'm not sure what I should do You seem terribly nervous ... Translate , for fuck 's sake ! Why did you go back to Mrs Amounike 's house ? All right . - I already answered that question . - Oh , yeah ? So then , let 's do it like this , straight and simple . Why did you come to earth ? What do you want from us ? Out with it , you ugly fucking squid ! - Answer , goddamn it ! - He doesn 't feel well . Calm down ! Mr Wang says he doesn 't feel well ! All right . Then ask him this , translate . Why did he come ? What do you want from us ? Mr Wang , before proceeding with the translation , I 'd like to tell you that I don 't approve of the methods he 's using . You are only doing your job . Don 't worry . He doesn 't understand why you are so aggressive , that he came in peace and had hoped for a different welcome ! He says he doesn 't feel very well and that he needs water ! Tell him he 'll have all the water he wants and even Champagne , or Coca-Cola if he prefers . But now , he 's got to tell us the truth . I know I shouldn 't butt in , but I can 't understand why you won 't let him drink . Look at him , it 's clear he 's not well ! Even if you suspect he 's not telling the truth , I think ... All right , all right . Let 's do it this way . Now I 'll ask him a precise question . And if he answers , we 'll let him drink , OK ' ? Let 's try . But look at him he 's not well . For all we know , he could even die . What is this ? Well ? Translate ! Water . Please . You 're a real twisted bastard ! " OPE " UP , please ! Don 't trust them . - What do you mean ? - Don 't trust them ! I called them and now they won 't let me go ! They 'll lock you up here , too ! They 're a bunch of bastards ! - Hey ! - Or maybe ... Or maybe ? Or maybe they 're not even what they say they are . What do you know about them ? So , are you finished ? Yes , just a sec . Excuse me . Here 's your water . Drink . How can I ? I can 't reach it . - He 's tied . You tied him to the chair ! - And so he 'll remain ! You give him the drink ! That 's not right ! You have no proof ! Yes , of course , you take the responsibility ! Until we have proper information about him , he 'll stay put right here . Hey , you ! - Me ? - Yes , you with the camera , come ! He came back for this ! I 'm positive ! God only knows what the hell it is . When I woke up , I saw him bent under the bed . He was clearly trying to get something ! I looked and found this gizmo . He must 've left it the first time , run away and forgotten it . But this time , seeing how you didn 't believe me , I was ready for him ! Excuse me , give that to me , thank you . Yes , yes , take it . It 's a ... I 've translated it as " Cosmic Communicator " but ... I realise it sounds like it 's out of a Japanese cartoon . Anyway , it 's a Cosmic Communicator , which is the only means of communication I have left with my people . From this distance , I can only send a basic impulse , and it only really serves to let them know that I 'm still alive It 's the only means of communication with your people ? Yes . And if you wanted to return ahead of time , how would you arrange it ' ? My return is technically impossible . I came to stay . But I surely expected another reception . What a sad stow ! So , if I 've understood you correctly , you came to stay with us without any chance of going back or communicating with your people , except through an impulse that shows you 're still alive . Is that correct ? - Exactly . - Crap ! Bullshit ! Now I 'll spin you a yarn that more or less sums up what happened . Then you can cross the " t 's " and dot the " I 's " , OK ' ? - Go ahead . - Very well . Two weeks ago you landed on this planet , more precisely herein Rome , by some super-advanced means invented by your tentacled scientists . Slow down . And hold the sarcasm , as I 'm not sure if I have to translate it . Do what you think is right . So , once you reached Rome , you went to the basement where Mrs Amounike lives because , according to your octopus spies , it was supposed to be vacant ! Can I keep going ? Yes , but " tentacled scientists " and " octopus spies " won 't be translated . Like I said , do it your way . For roughly a couple of hours , before being discovered by Mrs Amounike , more than worrying about exploring this wonderful new planet or communicating with your new two-legged friends , you busied yourself doing something mysterious on the bedroom ? oor , where you started to dig . Then Mrs Amounike showed up ... .. and started to scream . And you had to run away . More or less correct . I was forced to escape . Why ? Were you afraid that her screams would attract too much attention ? - Yes . - So we have reason to believe that , in these two weeks , you had found another hiding place , probably a backup location previously indicated by your octopus spies , not too far from Mrs Amounike 's basement near St Peter 's . At this other place , you finished doing what you had started on the ? oor of Mrs Amounike 's house , before you were so rudely interrupted by her arrival . Once finished , you needed this gizmo , probably to inform your people that the job was done ! But you had left it at Mrs Amounike 's house , so you had to go and fetch it . But this time around , she was ready for you ! She gave your little , slimy head a good whack , Mr Wang , and knocked you out cold . - Then she gave us a call . - Police , good evening . I want to report an of fence . Someone came into my house while I was asleep ! And this time around , we went to check . Correct ... more or less ... up to here ? Not all of your conclusions are exact , but those were my movements . Good , now you will have to answer four precise questions , Mr Wang . Now I 'll ask all four of them one by one ! Then you will kindly respond . First : what were you trying to construct on Mrs Amounike 's basement ? oor ' ? Which you must 've surely built in the second place you hid in ! Second question : where is this other place ? Third question : before Mrs Amounike gave you a good beating , did you manage to push the big , fat alien button to inform your friends or do you still need to do it ' ? Fourth and last question , the most important : what exactly do you want from us , you and your people , Mr Wang ? I don 't know what he wants or what he 's planning , but I 'm scared ! Who is he ? Where 's he from ' ? Why did he come to my house ? Is he a dangerous animal ? Is he intelligent ? That 's what we 're trying to understand , Mrs Amounike . We 're trying to answer every one of those questions And your testimony will be very precious in the process So tell us , did he behave aggressively towards you ? Oh , God , why are you asking me this ? It 's not like he jumped on me ! But that doesn 't justify the fact that a disgusting monster snuck into my house like a thief ! You think he was up to any good ? What were you trying to build on the ? oor of Mrs Amounike 's house ? I wasn 't doing anything . When you say I was constructing something , perhaps you mean that , in the house of Mrs Amounike , I was preparing myself a place to sleep . Where is this place ? I 'm unable to identify the place where I went afterward , but as you yourself said , it can 't be very far from the house where I had initially arrived . Before Mrs Amounike gave you a good beating , did you manage to push the big , fat alien button to inform your friends or do you still need to do it ' ? I don 't see why you are so anxious to know if I 've contacted my people . Anyhow , no , I didn 't have the time to use the Cosmic Communicator . That woman struck me first ! What do you and your people want from us ? I was sent here to establish first contacts with the terrestrials in hope of a future reciprocal understanding . I realise now such hopes were probably misplaced . That 's all a bunch of crap and none of it holds water ! You 're lying ! - How can you say that ? - Translate this : Mr Wang , have you ever seen yourself in the mirror ? - How dare you ! - Do your fucking job ! Translate , and that 's all ! - What are you insinuating ? - If you had seen yourself in a mirror , you would have realised that you don 't exactly look like a typical Roman , and not even like any of the tourists who visit this city . Therefore , I 'd automatically exclude that you went roaming around the streets of the old center next to St Peter 's Basilica , where Mrs Amounike 's house is located , without a clue of where you were headed , maybe in search of a hotel worthy of your fine alien self . You undoubtedly went to a reserved backup location which had been organized ahead of time , a Plan B. Therefore , where did you hide for two weeks and what did you prepare in that place , you ugly , fucking squid ? And don 't ask me for water until you 've answered ! Mr Curti ! You have to stop being so aggressive . Like this , you 'll never get any answers from him . Now look , Miss Aloisi , you are a very stubborn person Normally , an interpreter who , instead of doing her job , suggests what questions to ask and even the attitudes to take , would have to be fired ! But I understand the peculiarity of the situation . - So I 'll try to explain . - You don 't need to explain ! There are international laws that protect ... I 'm sure your humanitarian laws are in force at an inter-planetary level . So , later , you can report me to the Supreme Galactic tribunal . I 'm afraid you haven 't understood the situation . - No , I understand perfectly ! - No ! No , no , you haven 't understood . Nor can you ! We don 't know what our friend here wants , but the risk that he 's pulling our leg is enormous . And if he is pulling our leg , what will you do ? Will you explain ? To the whole human race ? Do you understand the enormity of the responsibility ? This is a precise technique ! You need to frighten the subject ! Deny him the chance to think , make him fall into contradiction and keep the pressure on . If he shows his innocence and we discover that he truly did come here to make friends , well , then we 'll go with him to Piazza Navona for an espresso ! And then maybe to do some shopping in Via Condotti ! But now let me do my job , please . OK ? Let 's return to the question , Mr Wang . Where did you hide for two weeks ? - I can 't say with any precision . - Liar ! It 's true , I can 't locate the place precisely ! Bullshit ! Excuse me . Hello ? - Do you feel all right , Mr Wang ? - Everything 's fine , don 't worry . Sorry about this . We 're not all like this , we terrestrials . Honestly . I know . But I 'll clear my position , I 'm sure of it . Mr Wang , for the last time , I will ask you a question the old-fashioned way . Then I 'll be forced to change method . It 's in your interest to answer me precisely . Why did you come to planet Earth ? What do you want from us ? We wish for mutual understanding , to acquaint ourselves with you and vice versa . We are certain that both of our species would have much to gain . Is that truly your last word ? Yes . Call in Mr Falco . We have no other choice . Right away . Here we are ! There are many different methodologies . It depends on your time constraints and the sort of marks - you are willing or unwilling to leave . - Mr Falco , you decide . We don 't have time to waste on technical details or scruples . - Well , as you wish . - I don 't understand what you have . You don 't have to understand , you have to translate . Mr Wang , there are a couple of things that we presently need to know from you as quickly as possible . If you answer these questions without delay , I 'd be delighted to send Mr Falco back to where he came from . All right ' ? - You can 't be serious . - Do you wish to avoid the worst ? Then translate my questions ! I 'll be happy to answer your questions . Why did you come to our planet , Mr Wang ? What are the intentions of your people ? We are a very peaceful population We came in peace to become mutually acquainted . And there he goes with the Kumbayah ! Let 's skip straight to the second question which is probably more important . - All right . - I need a precise answer , not vague . Where were you hiding the last two weeks ? I 'd like to answer more precisely to settle this misunderstanding of ours , but sadly I can 't indicate the place with precision . I understand . - Mr Falco . - OK . Do you confirm your answers , Mr Wang ? What are you trying to do ? Are you crazy ? Translate ! I 'll translate , but you can 't ! Nothing 's happened yet ! Translate ! I confirm . I have no other choice . But what do you want to do to me ? We don 't want to do anything to you , Mr Wang . What 's he saying ? You 're insane , stop this torture ! The human rights convention prohibits it . It 's called human rights . Are you sure they include the likes of Mr Wang ? Stop ! There are laws ! How do you think you 'll keep me from talking ? - What 's your friend saying ? - He keeps repeating the same thing . I came in peace . Why are you doing this to me ? Then ask him this : why won 't he answer my questions if he came in peace ? No ! I 'm no longer translating ! I will no longer be an accomplice to this ! Wanna bet you will translate ? Stop ! Stop it ! I 'll translate , I 'll translate ! Sit down ! What do I have to translate ? Why won 't he answer my questions if he came in peace ? I 'm answering the only way I can , the truth . What else can I do ? You 're insane ! You 're murdering him . If he 's telling the truth , then what ? We could be losing a unique chance . - Can you increase the voltage ? - Certainly . - Then go ahead ! - Very well . Come in . Mr Curti , can you come outside a moment , please ? Excuse me . Situation 's out of control . The worst is happening . This is important . I can 't postpone it ! - No , I ... - Miss Aloisi . Please , please . As soon as I come back , we 'll talk it over , OK ' ? Max , please . Mr Wang , try to listen to me . There 's an organization called Amnesty International . It 's a group run by people who believe in a better world . And it exists to put an end to the things that are happening in here . What do you want to do ? - I just want to make a phone call . - And then ? I don 't know . I don 't even know where we are . But if these people ... they should be respecting the law . Don 't put yourself in danger . It could prove to be useless . We have to do what 's right . I need to use the bathroom . I need to use the bathroom . OK , leave the bag here . I hope there 's some toilet paper . - May I ' ? - Wait for me here . Shit ! Excuse me , I left my bag in there . You wouldn 't happen to have 50 cents ? It 's useless , I already tried . There 's no signal . There 's no signal anywhere in this shitty place ! Something happened , didn 't it ' ? Something 's changed here ! Even / bedy 'e uptight ! I imagine the monster must 've said something . What did he say ? No , he said he came in peace and doesn 't have bad intentions . Then how come everybody 's so excited ? Because they don 't believe him . Excuse me . 892424 . I 'm Enrico , how can I help you ? Good evening , I need the number of Amnesty International ! - Beg your pardon ? - Amnesty International . Hurry ! Would you like me to connect you directly ? Yes , yes , please ! Right away ! Amnesty International , good evening . What the fuck are you doing , you idiot ? I heard a noise . Going to check ! OK , let me know . Everything is OK . False alarm If you 're sure , go back to your duty . - OK . Let me check the toilets as well . - Roger . Thanks . My pleasure . I don 't know what happened . Even / bedy 'e gone ! They all went away . Let 's scram ! Yes ! - Can you make it ' ? - Yes . What is it ' ? Wait , I left my bag in there . Are you nuts ? Who cares about your bag ? There might never be another chance . Let 's get outta here ! You go ahead . I 'll get the bag and be right with you . You wanna set him free ' ? What do you care about that monster ? Go . I 'll catch you later . Do what you want . You 're crazy ! - Where is that man ? - I don 't know , he ran out . What 's happening ? Why these lights ? They set off the alarm . I think they 're looking for me . Maybe they figure I escaped . Look . Are you sure ? It might only worsen matters . If they catch us , they 'll be even less inclined to believe me . It looks like there 's nobody left . It might be our only chance ! We need to go away , trust me . I 'll take you to Amnesty International . You can explain your situation . What I don 't understand is why . Why what ? Why they seem so sure of themselves . Why don 't they want to believe you ? I think it 's hard for humans to accept my physical appearance . Even you have difficulty coming close to me . I don 't know . It can 't just be that . What , then ? I don 't know , maybe there are interests we can 't understand . Maybe these men aren 't exactly who they say they are . Here it is ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! I can 't make it up the steps . Go and call someone . I 'll wait for you here . Come on . I 'll pull you UP Let 's go ! Let 's go ! The fighter planes ! Have them send out the fighters at once ! - Riboldi ! Give the order ! - Yes , sir ! Riboldi . Send out the fighters ! At once ! The order just came in now . - At once ! - Send ' em up now ! There 's no time for protocol ! Now ! General . Yes ! It can 't be that easy . The remote control . Berardi ! Come here ! - Berardi ! Come on ! - I 'm coming ! Shit ! You 're such an idiot .
