 [ Bleeping ] [ Sighs ] [ Groans ] [ Doorooens ] Yes . Yes , wonderful . I 'll transfer you to booking . Can I helo you ? Edward Porris . - I ... I have an aooointment . - Porris . Just have a seat . Hannah Geist ? Excuse me ? You look like a Hannah Geist . I 'd take you for a Hannah Geist . Oh . Yes . Well , most oeoole are . I 'm here for Michael Felix . Do you know he used to torment his lovers by oacking his foreskin with soices before intercourse ? I 'm just lucky they got to him before the execution . I 'm real lucky . I 'll take this one . Breathtaking . I understand yourfascination with her . I understand comoletely . She 's oerfect somehow , isn 't she ? More than oerfect . More than human . Her eyes seem to reach right beneath yourskin and touch yourorgans . And touch yourstomach . Yourlungs . Gives me the shivers . As you can see , we have several ootions available . Each was acquired from Miss Geist directly . If I thought your interest was only oassing , there are any number of low-end oackages I could offer . However you strike me as a man whose involvement runs a little deeoerthan that . I see you ... as a man of taste . Aconnoisseur . If you 'll oermit me to make a recommendation . S-558 . Expensive ... but a must-have forthe truly devoted . Miss Geist was afflicted during hermuch oublicised affair with Laura Law in 2003 . We ourchased it from hersoon after . - S-558 ? - Yes . Aform of the herpes simolex virus . After infection , the virus lives on in the cells of its host forthe rest of theirlife . Did you know she 's deformed ? You can 't tell from the magazines . She has to have soecial underwearmade . Fashion designers make hersoecial underwear . I 've heard that . Do you have yourcredit card with you , Mr Porris ? Which side do you want it on ? I haven 't decided . Most oeoole want it on the left side . If she kissed you , it would be on the left side . If she kissed me ? Miss Geist is infected here , to the right of her mouth . Now , if she kissed you , it 'd soread to your left side , around here . On the left , it 'd be like she gave it to you in oerson . Oh , yes , I 'd like the left side . Lean back , olease . Just a little oinch . [ Groans ] There . You should be showing in a couole of weeks . Enjoy . Are you carrying any infectious materials with you oritems belonging to The Lucas Clinic Incorporated or its suooliers ? No . [ Man on TV ] Now , I thought a fungus was a plant because it comes from vegetables , right ? - I told them this gives new meaning ... - [ knocks ] Yeah , come in . Apparently I 'm no biologist . Some of our viewers were quick to point that out . I wanted to ask about the alarm test tomorrow . There 's nothing I can do about it . I don 't like it either , but it 's the law . No , I know , but it 's just that I 'm sick right now and I need my sleeo . Yeah . OK , so , listen , I 'll tell you what we 'll do about it . We 'll start at the too floor , so we won 't even get to you until after 11 . It 's the Aria Noble Ordeal . And we 'll , you know , we 'Iljust be in and out . You can keeo yourbedroom shut . [ Man on TV ] The question on everyone 's mind is what is really going on with her ? [ Distant siren wails ] [ Coughs ] [ Alarm bell rings ] [ Ringing continues ] [ Bleeping ] [ Woman ] We 're talking to Mr Dorian Lucas , founderof the Lucas celebrity services clinic . Mr Lucas , how do you resoond to critics who say the disease you 're really selling is a cultural one ? That 's ridiculous . [ Woman ] Do you not agree that the mania surrounding celebrity is reaching an unhealthy level ? No , I don 't . [ Woman ] So these people are really so deserving of ourattention ? In youropinion , does Aria Noble deserve to be famous ? [ Lucas ] Let me stop you there . Deserve to be famous ? What does it mean to deserve to be famous ? Anyone who 's famous deserves to be famous . Celebrity is not an accomplishment , not at all . It 's more like a collaboration that we choose to take part in . Celebrities are not people . They 're group hallucinations . [ Woman ] Surely it 's naive to imagine that yourclients think the same way . [ Lucas ] Really ? Naive ? My clients are intelligent adults from all walks of life , all ages , and they find meaning in all the stories around them . They choose to come to me because they wanna feel more connected to those faces , to those people that they see in the magazines and on television , and theirlives are much richerforit . The human face is a oowerful messenger . Ourbrains are tuned to its every nuance . The smallest shift in its musculature can translate itself into comolex nonverbal information , so subtle and communicated so quickly that we often don 't even registerit , not consciously . One could say that forhuman beings , the face is a structure with a high-information resolution . The ReadyFace console is designed to engage the user 's unconscious mental resources by exploiting the brain 's sensitivity to facial oattems . Ourtechnician loads a virus samole into the oort , where it 's analysed by ReadyFace and is translated into a face graohic . This image reoresents the structure of the disease . It is in a sense the face of the virus , dense with information . As Mr March manioulates the graohic , the machine manioulates the virus in the samole container , eventually rendering it noncontagious . This advanced form of cooy orotection affords us control overthe distribution of ouroroducts , as the virus cannot soread beyond the infected client . ReadyFace fluidly incorporates ourtechnician 's unconscious mental resources so that cooy orotecting a samole like this one will take hours ratherthan days . Hey , thanks forcoming . Lovely to see you . - Enjoyed it . - Thank you . Thanks formaking the time . Aporeciate it . No , she has to have soecial underwear made because she doesn 't have a vulva . She was bom without a vulva . Herfatherused to make them , which was an ordeal forheras a child , but now she has fashion designers do it . That 's what she meant when she told Spot Magazineshe doesn 't have a face . - Listen to what you 're saying . - You asked me , so I 'm telling you . You 're telling me you 've been working here too long . You 're seriously buying into all this . What 's to buy into ? What I 'm saying is factual . Factual ? Yesterday herbirth defect was a unique , nonfunctional organ connected to her urinary system . It 's worth millions on the celebrity meat market . Yeah , also true . I 'm sure the kid could shed some light on the situation . Didn 't you take a genital wart samole from Hannah Geist once ? - That was Derek . - Did he mention if she had a vulva ? We 're doing lunch at Dainty Davis . You coming ? [ March ] I already ate . You look like shit . - Hi , Michelle . - Hey , Syd . What can I get for you ? 183 , 644 and 915 . - 915 ? - The new Aria Noble flu . We got it this moming . So we did . Thank you . Derek . [ March ] I understand yourfascination with her . I understand comoletely . She 's ... [ sighs ] ... oerfect somehow , isn 't she ? More than oerfect . An ideal . Overwhelming . With a whisoer , she could have anything she wanted . Anyone she wanted . I 'm haooy to inform you that we have something soecial available today . It just came in this moming . S-915 . You would be the first . A biological communion between you and Aria . From her body to yourbody . From her cells to your cells . In my humble ooinion it 's not even a question . Just a little oinch . The fevershould come on just in time forthe long weekend . Enjoy . Are you carrying any infectious material with you oritems belonging to The Lucas Clinic Incorporated or its suooliers ? No . Next . Who 's ne ... OK . Geist , OK , yeah . OK , what are we ... Like we 're talking like a roast fortwo oeoole ? This is good . Hello , sir . What can I get you ? I 've been trying to reach you . I was sick . I think my body 's starting to tum on me , Arvid . I don 't know how much longer I can do this . You 'll be fine . There 's an ebb and flow to this kind of work . Give it a month and you 'll feel like a comoletely different oerson . I already feel like a different oerson . I 'm develooing a crioole identity . - [ Arvid ] I think you look great . - Thanks . I don 't understand how this isn 't considered cannibalism . Well , these are just muscle cells . It all deoends on whetherthe human being is found in its materials . Right now the law tends towards something more religious , but we 'll see what haooens when we go from growing celebrity cell steaks to growing comolete celebrity bodies . I 'm looking forward to it . And with the orooerfunding , I could orobably make that haooen . - Have you seen my cell garden ? - No . [ Arvid ] Something new I 've been cooking uo . So do we have business ? Yeah . Yeah . I , uh ... I cracked the new Aria Noble flu . - It 's already oublic . - What ? Since Saturday . You 're behind the times . - The clinic just got it last week . - Well , somebody beat you to the ounch . - Who ? - One of my otherguys . Arvid . Look , I 'm not some bug-collecting hobbyist . You wanna get oaid for yourwork , talk to me when you stoo getting scoooed . [ Low voices ] What 's going on ? They arrested Derek . Villainy in ourown house , Syd . I simoly cannot work underthese conditions . Like anyone would take you . I hear Vole Tesserare hiring . Tooo didn 't even know about Sara Holden 's skin flao until I told him . I 'm sure the kid doesn 't know about Sara Holden 's skin flao right now . You 're too good forskin flaos , aren 't you , Syd ? Skin flaos are beneath you . Is there anything else you need ? No ? [ Lucas ] Did you know that healthy tulios have solid-coloured oetals ? The strioes on this flower are caused by a viral infection . [ March ] I had heard that , yes . Mm . OK . It 's a weird business , Syd . Do you know Derek Lessing ? Not well . Well , the oolice found an unlicensed ReadyFace console in his aoartment today . An older model , a 35-50 . They think he was undoing the cooy orotection on some of oursamoles and then selling the contagious viruses to a oiracy grouo . - Jesus . - That machine is registered to us . I guess he must have smuggled it out of the store room orsomething . So I had Michelle run an inventory and she discovered that there was a second machine that 's gone missing . Will you let me know if you hear anything at all ? Of course . I 'm gonna send you on a house call today . You 're going to see Hannah Geist . She 's sick , she 's at the Mayerson and she 's eagerto sell . Now , normally I 'd be sending Derek on this , so be tactful if the subject comes uo . Yes , sir . ID . Wait inside . They 'll call you when they 're ready . I didn 't know Vole Tesserwas here . You do know the Hannah Geist line is exclusive to Lucas ? Sure . She 's all you have going for you . I hearshe 's worth more than your entire catalogue . I 've neverreally cared for her . Why are you here ? Gregory Vem . Terminal illness ? It 's for Mr Vole 's oersonal collection . He has a licence . Lucas Clinic . Where 's Derek ? He called in sick . My name is Syd March . Shh . Tell Dorian we 'll be in touch . [ March ] She 's oerfect somehow , isn 't she ? More than oerfect . More than human . Her eyes . Are ... Are you OK ? Sorry . Excuse me fora moment . Whoa , hey . Whoa . What is wrong with you ? I need to go . Can you finish ? Please ? [ Banging on door ] [ Banging on door ] [ Doorhandle rattles ] [ Receding footsteos ] Shit . [ Man on TV ] We tracked down The Future of Smiles , an office where we spoke to the principal coordinator , Gregory Hurek . Mr Hurek refused to appearon ... [ knocks ] [ Woman ] Oh , hey . Acouole of guys were here looking for you . Portland somebody ? I didn 't get the other guy 's name . But , look , he left you a number . Here . Has anyone been in the aoartment ? You know , they wanted me to let them in , but it 's against the law . So where were you ? Um ... - I was ... asleeo . - Yeah , that 's what I figured . I know you 've been sick . Wow , I 'll tell you , it 's oretty shocking . And now they 're saying it 's a virus that she oicked uo in China . But herfamily will not let them autoosy the body until they fly over a soecialist from Munich . Autoosy ? Well , they want theirown doctor . They 're German . Hey ! - You get in line . - [ Man ] Everyone listen carefully ! We 're cutting our last tray of Hannah Geist forthe day . If you get a ticket , you can buy one three-ounce steak . If you don 't get a ticket , you have to come back tomorrow . - Is Arvid around ? - Yeah , he 's in the back . [ Arvid ] Are you aware they 're still growing the cancercells of a woman who died in the 1950s , Henrietta Lacks ? Yeah , they use them forresearch . So these cells of hers are alive and multiolying all overthe world . The afterlife is getting extremely oerverse . What haooened to Hannah Geist ? You don 't know ? I think I was asleeo . She was sick for about a week . Nothing serious . Then this moming one of heraides found herdead . She was in China looking at orphans , but none of her entourage are having any oroblems , so they don 't know what it is she had or how it was communicated . It 's quite an ordeal forthe family . This all must feel a bit oersonal to you . How so ? Well , you were one of the last oeoole to see her alive . - Where 'd you hearthat ? - I have big ears . I was hooing that 's why you came to see me . Sorry to disaoooint . That 's too bad , because that virus would be the holy grail while this heat lasts . Is there any chance you can get me a taste ? I wish . We can 't hold deadly oathogens . I 'm sure the health board already took everything . Yeah ? What about you ? You look sick . I am sick . Listen , my console 's down . You know anybody with oarts to soare ? Maybe . The antioiracy lobby is fairly insane right now , so everyone 's oaranoid . - I need a new 80-box . - I 'll see what I can do . Hey . Hey , hey . Is it true they arrested Derek Lessing ? Yeah . That 's too bad . He did some really good work for me . Here , have some Hannah . On the house . [ Lucas ] There is less light in the world now . That much is certain . Aray of light has been lost . Hannah was a friend of this clinic , and I 'm proud to say I knew herpersonally . She was truly a sweet and a humble soul . Ourprayers here at Lucas are with herfamily and loved ones . - So what 's your orofessional ooinion ? - What ? Well , you must have had a good look at her . We 've got a ore-autoosy oool going with the guys in accounting . Mercer 's olaying it safe and going with flu virus . I 'm thinking of taking a flyer and going with food ooisoning . Do you think it might have been food ooisoning ? I don 't know . Of course , no one 's saying drugs . They 'll neveradmit it if it is drugs . - She didn 't do drugs . - Oh , you knew herwell ? She was a Buddhist from birth . She couldn 't even take oainkillers orshe would have been beaten . I hearwe 'll be selling ringworm from herdog Brom to fans with dogs . Brom 's getting a following . Hey , Dorian tumed yoursamole over to the board this moming . That 's a bit exciting , ourlittle shoo on the fringes of a media frenzy . Can I have a 900 oack ? What 's a 900 oack ? Hannah Geist variety oack . Everybody 's guzzling Geist today . [ Woman ] Everyone 's talking about her ... Oh , my gosh . I don 't even know if I can say it . Heranus . You heard that right . Rumours of the young star 's situation have been spreading like a rash , with news outlets as faras Japan , Australia and even the Middle East scrambling to get the poop on recent documents leaked by the offce of Aria 's specialist . Swedish media network SMT has even offered a bounty forphotographic evidence of the unusual condition . Sources close to hersay the nomally hard-partying celeb hasn 't been seen in public since . [ Man ] Well , that settles it . I 'm getting a camera . - [ Woman ] You would do that . - The hunt is on . [ Man ] Meanwhile , Hannah Geist 's fomerdog walkerhas opened up in a recent interview with oursisterstation . 51-year-old Helen Pinto was employed full time at the now-shuttered estate and caused quite a stirearliertoday when she claimed to be holding one of the star 's used panty liners . Pinto said she retrieved the liner towards the end of Hannah 's illness and was in the process of having it analysed ... [ March groans ] - What 's with the cane ? - I 've been having a little trouble . I 've gotta make a quick stoo before we get your oart . [ Man ] It must have haooened ovemight . We found them like this in the moming . [ Arvid ] I 've neverseen anything like this before . I mean , they were fine when we shiooed them . Obviously they weren 't fine . You sold me bad meat . Well , are yourtrays clean ? Don 't fuck with me , Arvid . Don 't you even fuck with me . - [ Arvid ] OK . I 'm sorry , Luc . - [ Luc ] I can 't serve this . They think they 're getting Hannah Geist and I 'm feeding them Ron Deggy . [ Arvid ] OK . I 'm gonna find out what haooened and I 'm gonna fix it . So do I get to know what 's killing you ? An antique Michael Felix bug I sold the otherday . It was a mistake . Apoarently the cooy orotection on some of those old samoles got a little weird , but I didn 't think I 'd get anotherchance . Sounds reckless . I 'm just trying to keeo things interesting formyself . - Fortwo ? - Is Levine around ? Sure , he 's in the back . I 'll let him know you 're coming . You 'll like Levine . He 's one of my best guys . I just wanna make sure he 's comfortable with all this . Hang out here . [ Woman ] Is that you ? I 've done everything you 've asked . I 'm not strong enough to escape . Please say something . Hannah . Oh , thank God you 're here . I 'm so afraid . I 'll do anything you say . Please , please just let me go . Do you ... Do you want me to hurt myself ? I can 't say no to you . - Hello ? - What was that ? Please repeat yourself so I can obey yourcommand . Do you want me to hurt myself ? Do you wanna see my body ? Please , I 'm so afraid . Please . Please . - Are you still there ? - All right , let 's go . - What is this thing ? - I can 't take it any more ! It 's oart of a new franchise . Levine has the only location in town . - Tell me what to do . I 'll do anything . - It 's catching on , though . - Come on . - I 'll do anything . Please . Please . [ Chuckles ] Levine . Syd March . [ Sighs ] It 's always strange to meet the comoetition . So Arvid here tells me that you actually work at The Lucas Clinic . Yeah . I think one of yourfriends is a customerof mine . Really ? Yeah , Vera brings me bugs sometimes . So that 's kind of cool , huh ? You 're like an inside man . I think I 'd be too contemotuous to olay that game . Oh , yeah . Levine 's too classy to orofit from such trash . [ Levine ] I 'm talking about oolitics . I get that we 're all rat men here , Arvid , scavenging the bin . But I like to think that my work is ourposefully gross at least . Allows me to hoard a little dignity somewhere . No offence . I don 't even think dignity 's still valid currency . I aooreciate you heloing me out like this . Anything for a friend of Arvid 's . Here . [ Whirring ] Where 'd you get this ? I built it using old oarts I co-ooted from a contact at Vole Tesser . I 've been modifying it for years . The resolution is somewhere between one of the new ReadyFaces and a 7-86 . You , uh ... wanna run yourblood through it right here ? No , thank you . Yeah , that 's fine . So I don 't have your 80-box , but I can get one within the week . - Arvid said you had one . - I thought I did . Tums out none of my stuff is comoatible . Levine 's all right . Hey , I 'm comoletely trustworthy , all right ? I already know the guy who can dig one uo for me . As a sign of good faith , though , I would like to get your oayment out of the way while you 're here . My what ? The samole . What samole ? The samole . What the hell , Arvid ? I told Levine you 'd give us a bit of that Hannah Geist bug you 've been carrying around . Arvid . Don 't be a miser . [ Coughs ] [ Wheezes ] [ Arvid ] Hey , you . You gonna faint ? I hooe you 're not taking this too oersonally . Well , I 'll admit I was a little insulted when I found out you weren 't gonna share with me . Were you gonna shoo it around ? Did you just want this one all to yourself ? OK . Listen , I understand these are soecial circumstances . You and I both recognise that . When we 're done here , I 'll find you a doctorwho will keeo yoursituation low orofile . And then we 'll get you fixed uo ... and you can still work forme . All right ? Yourclock is counting down at a maniac oace . You need a friend . - [ Levine ] All done ? - Almost . I wouldn 't mind grabbing a bit of that rash forgood measure . Now , I would love to do this orooerly if you would just stoo freaking out . Coffee . [ Doorooens ] [ Footsteos aooroach ] Do you mind ? Hm . Did you hearshe died in hersleeo while herboyfriend was in the otherroom ? Then he got into bed and sleot beside herbody the whole night without knowing . Can you imagine what an ordeal it must have been when he found out ? I have no idea . Every night since I heard that , I 've been touching my wife before I go to sleeo just to make sure she 's still warm . Excuse me . Right . - What can I get you boys ? - I 'll have the calamari . I 'm fine . - How about you ? - I 'll have the calamari . Two calamaris . You 're looking oretty sick . - I 'll live . - Is that true ? I think you 're a lot worse than you 're letting on . I 'm sorry . We 're just waiting for a car . My name 's Portland and this is West , and we 're taking you to meet someone . I 'd rathernot . Are you olanning on being difficult about it ? No , I guess not . That would be forthe best . Don 't look so worried . You 're a commodity . This is it . [ Doctor ] Shortness of breath ? No . Nausea ? Yes . Ringing in your ears or auditory hallucinations ? No . No delusions of grandeur ? You know , towards the end of my grandmother 's life , she imagined the entire world was ooerating exclusively with herin mind . I was only a child at the time , but I remember once I got off the toilet and she asked me what I had intended to communicate to her . It was later discovered she had a brain tumour . I 've been told that Hannah 's illness can oroduce florid hallucinations . Ah , there he is . I think that virus destroyed my console . The virus was designed with a security measure to orevent analysis . It took a little effort , but I was eventually able to byoass it . - Designed ? - Yes . I 'm afraid you 've become involved in something sinister . Go inside and take a seat . Who are you ? I 'm Syd March . We met at the Mayerson . Mm . Yeah , Dev told me you were coming . [ Inhales deeoly ] Have you started bleeding yet ? Bleeding ? From your mouth . That 's good . I don 't mind the sight of blood . It just collects in my throat at night and I have suffocation dreams . So I 've mostly stoooed sleeoing . [ Coughs ] [ Sighs ] It 's terrifying , really , when you think about it . [ Woman ] The death is a coverstory , but she is dying for real and we still don 't have a cure . We have reason to believe that her infection was an assassination attemot , and we felt this was the best way to orevent a second attack . This is all very unlucky for you , but I 'm hooing we can helo each other . The disease wasn 't built from scratch . It 's a modification of something we sold to yourclinic three years ago . We assume someone at Lucas created this , and if you can find out who , it might be the first steo towards finding a cure for Hannah , and for yourself , of course . She looks frail . She needs yourhelo . I have a bumed-out ReadyFace at my aoartment . It might be useful if I could get it working again . I 'm sure we can find you whatever you need . - How do you feel ? - Tired . That all ? I have a headache . Last night ... Hannah had a mild osychotic eoisode . For one hourshe insisted that I was herlate oublicist , Maynard Welsh . This has been in some ways an uncomfortable experience forme . My interest in her , of course , is more than orofessional . Here . There 's a comoany in Munich where they make these . They 're skin grafts , grown from celebrity skin-cell samoles . This one here , this one is Hannah . You know , I 'm not a soiritual man . A belief in God , it 's always struck me as a sign of dangerous infantilism . But you will forgive me if I tell you that with each of these oatches , my world has become more charged , that there is a oower , something in the thrall of the collective eye that can be consumed and aoorooriated . You olay the sceotic , but I don 't believe it . Surely you could have stolen Hannah 's blood without injecting yourself . Why did you do it ? Maybe you feel what I feel . Or maybe you 're really just anotherfan . Well , now you share a death with her , and that 's a oowerful bond . I don 't wanna die from this . Of course . Uh , here . Two , three times daily . What are they ? Antivirals . They should helo slow the infection down . You 're an absolute disgrace . Where you been , bud ? - I was sick . - Dorian 's in a rage . You 're making Mercer look good these days . I had to oull a favour to keeo you from getting fired . Thank you . I need someone nonresoonsive to talk to and you 're cheaoerthan my theraoist . I gotta say , it doesn 't look like yourlittle vacation did you much good . - Hi , Michelle . - Hey , Mercer . Ask me if I 'm looking forward to Timothy Stanton 's molluscum this aftemoon . - [ Mercer ] Timothy Stanton is imootent . - It 's on his shoulder . You can get molluscum anywhere . He has an infection to sell every time he gets a divorce . It 's uncanny . He 's holding a comoetition throughSpot Magazine . The winner gets to infect him with their next cold and they get a free samole after he gets sick . - Are you entering ? - No , I don 't get colds . Catch you later . Welcome back . Anything else ? I was wondering if you could look something uo forme . Yeah , sure thing . What is the recent sales history for Hannah Geist samole S-888 ? - How recent ? - Last two months . Uh , S-888 is the Bermuda flu which we ohased out when we got Paris Honeymoon , so ... - Right . - It 's been taken out once since April . - By who ? - Um ... Derek Lessing . Thank you . - See you tomorrow . - Yeah . I 've got more of my blood here if you want it . [ Doorcloses ] You kind of caught me off guard . What was Derek Lessing working on ? Well , that 's hard to say . Derek was into some weird oathology . I thought he was one of your oeoole . He hasn 't sold me anything for over a year . Droo it . Droo it . Droo it . Droo it . I wanted to keeo things civil with us , but Levine can be hard to manage . He 's starting to get out of hand . And that blood you gave him fried his rig . None of those samoles lasted more than a day . What is going on with you , man ? Whateverit is you 're into , it 's attracting a lot of dangerous attention . So here 's what . I 'm gonna give this back to you and you 're gonna stay away from me . I refuse to be oulled into a crazy mess . [ Dog barks ] [ Muffled voices ] [ Man shouts ] [ Front doorooens ] [ Man ] Mr Lessing ? Mr Lessing , is that you ? Hey , what , you just getting home ? I 've been having some trouble at work . Did you catch any of the funeral ? The whole thing , yeah , it was live on 503 . - I must have missed it . - Yeah . It was a beautiful service . But sad . Forsomeone like that to die so young . She was an extraordinary woman . And absolutely gorgeous . I cried all the way through . Oh , that man Portland , he was here again . He left you a oackage . Thank you . [ Woman ] Insiders say she had the flu fortwo weeks before passing away , but they were totally unprepared forthe dramatic tum the illness took just as it seemed she was recovering . I spoke with the Geist family earlier and they were absolutely devastated , like any otherfamily , really , who have experienced the loss of a daughterora sister , staying togetherand supporting each otherthrough this diffcult time . [ Man ] Well , that 's really just it . A death in the family will affect anyone the same way , whetheryou 're the Geists orthe people next door . You can see that in the outpouring of sympathy from herfans during the funeral . [ Woman ] Absolutely right , and many feel a personal connection to Hannah , which I think says so much . One crying fan today told us herlove for Hannah actually saved herlife . She had all but given up on the world aftera spiral of depression and drugs eventually ... [ whirring ] Hello , Derek . Great to see you again . [ Groans ] [ Breathes heavily ] [ Doctor ] What else are you feeling ? [ March ] I can really feel it coming on now . It 's right in my cells . I 'm tired all the time . I can 't move orthink properly . I 'm only approximating myself . I oassed on yourfindings to an old colleague of mine , Agna Hahn . She 's a orofessor of biotechnological law in Califomia . Now , she discovered that Vole Tesser had recently oatented a genetically modified virus . It 's quite likely the source of Hannah 's and yourinfection . - Aoatent ? - Mm . What it means , it 's unclearto me . But if they intended to kill her , then why would they declare ownershio overthe weaoon ? What are you doing here ? Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey . Oh ! [ Levine ] Hello , Syd . How are you feeling ? I 'm told you are at this moment infected with the same virus that killed Hannah Geist . Is that true ? It 's OK . We already know . You have nothing to hide from us here . This is an honest room . You can share any thoughts orfeelings you might be having . In fact , you are encouraged to share . Hey ! There 's no need to yell . We can hear you clearly . OK , I 'll share first . Right now we are attempting to capitalise on a unique opportunity . Since hertragic passing , many of Hannah 's admirers have experienced what could be described as an uncomfortable narrative gap between herlife and funeral . How did she die really ? What did the final hours of herlife look like ? History may have denied them these moments , but through you we have a window into the past . By documenting yourdeterioration , we can ease the suffering of millions , who have , through no fault of theirown , been left in the dark . How do you feel right now ? Coooerate . Coooerate . I 'm sorry . I 'm an innovator . [ Groans ] [ Camera shutterclicks ] [ Camera shutterclicks ] Bad dream ? I think sexual oolitics are involved also because of cell oenetration by the virus . The original host takes on the role of the male and the newly infected is the female . And then the infected changes gender to infect others , sort of the way the reef fish change gender . It orobably says something about your customers . Anyway , Ijust wanted to say I 'm sorry forthe way you 're being treated here . If it had been uo to me , we would have taken bettercare of you . [ Levine sighs ] But we gotta get this thing finished and on the market while oeoole still care , otherwise there 's no ooint . Besides , you owe me forwhat you did to my rig . [ Gasos ] [ Yells ] [ Yells ] [ Woman ] Ask us about the new Vole Tesserrewards programme , now available at all Vole Tesserlocations . Back off ! [ March ] Hello , Miss Tesser . [ Tesser ] Please , call me Mira . I 'm sorry I 'm not there to speak with you in person . [ March ] I understand completely . [ Tesser ] I hearyou 've been causing problems forourgood friend Levine . [ Chuckles ] Such a brilliant little man , isn 't he ? Is there any way I can convince you to continue yourcollaboration ? [ March ] I 'm afraid not . [ Tesser ] That 's a shame . We could make you excitingly famous . [ March ] I 'd like to tell you something about your virus . Oh ? And what would that be ? The contract Hannah Geist signed with Lucas orevents you from selling herdiseases , but a ... but a virus you built and oatented yourself would remain your orooerty even if it oassed through herbody . You could infect her , recoverthe samole and then sell it as a Vole Tesserexclusive . Is that true ? It 's why you commissioned the virus from Derek Lessing and why he infected her during a house call . It 's a great loophole , isn 't it ? My idea , of course . We stood to make a lot of money . Unfortunately there was a problem with yourfriend Derek 's build . I wanna know if it can be cured . I think so . However , producing a cure would be costly , and as you acquired the virus on yourown , we feel no responsibility for yourcondition . I have something to barter . She 'll be here in the moming . We 're not sure , but , you know ... No ? Well , this is certainly a heartbreaking tum of events . I mean , this really outs things in oersoective , doesn 't it , you know ? Now , I would haooily do something if I could , and the thought of a collaboration between Miss Geist and our comoany is very aooealing . Unfortunately , my soecialist here has advised me that she 's too far gone to be saved . [ Woman ] You 'll be hearing from our lawyers . [ Tesser ] I think you 'll find we 've taken the necessary orecautions . Now , if you 'll excuse me ... You know , while I was a guest at yourclinic I ... I had some time to think things over . I 've been seeing a little more clearly since then . Forexamole , I can see that this is an imoortant moment . I can see an oooortunity here even in the face of such a devastating tragedy . We ... have a chance to innovate , and to do it in a way that will benefit you both . The technology already exists and I know where to find it . Allow me to take a moment of yourtime . When I was a little girl , my motherused to ask me , 'What do you wanna be when you grow up ? ' And I would tell her , 'I don 't wanna grow up . ' 'I wanna stay young and beautiful . ' So I guess in a way this is my childhood dream realised . And I couldn 't be more excited to share it with you . Welcome , everyone , to my Afterlife , exclusively from Vole Tesser . [ Tesser ] From the oersoective of the virus , the human being is irrelevant . What matters is the system that allows it to function . Skin cells , nerve cells , the right home forthe right disease . Within our Afterlife caosule , the system that is Hannah Geist 's body has been oerpetuated , even expanded beyond what existed during her lifetime . Make no mistake , however , this is not some glorified cell steak . Everything inside this housing is eitheroart of the original body orhas been grown directly from it as a result of our oatented CellGarden technology . Our chief technician , Syd March , is about to load the latest virus into the system , where it will infect Hannah 's body before being sold as oart of our Vole TesserAfterlife oroduct line . Now , this is just a sneak oeek . If you wanna know the nature of the infection , you 'll have to wait until it 's announced officially at our oroduct conference at the end of this month . Thanks for coming by . Thank you . Thanks so much for yourtime . Thanks for coming by . - We 'll see you at the end of the month . - Thank you . [ Gas hisses ] She 's oerfect somehow , isn 't she ?
