 He 's an Observer . They only show up at significant events . Previously on Fringe : He wants to go into the Observer 's mind . I do not have long . I need you to do something for me . Walter . How can she have memories of my Olivia 's life clearer than her own ? No matter how badly I want my Olivia back I can 't make this one have memories . I think you are , even without meaning to . And it 's wrong , Peter . I don 't understand what 's happening . If you look into my eyes you can see I am her . - No . I know she 's out there . My Olivia in my timeline . I 'm sorry , I think it 's better if I just stay away . The whole world is on fire . Starting with my office . We 've had to completely reevaluate all our security measures after what that woman did . The truth is , I wanted to give you time to collect your thoughts . I know when there 's something you wanna talk about . I 'm in love with Peter . I know it sounds absurd to you . I hardly know him but it 's like I 've known him my entire life . And everybody , including him , keeps telling me that it 's impossible . When Walter told me what you were going through ... Two sets of memories , two sets of experiences . - He said the Cortexiphan dosing might be enabling you to remember things Peter wants you to remember . But I can remember things Peter couldn 't have known . Like details of cases that he wasn 't on , or names . Places that he 's never been . I mean , how can that be , if he 's controlling it ? I don 't know how this is happening but I 'm scared . We 're gonna figure out what 's happening with you , Olive . And as for your feelings about Peter all wounds heal over time . Yeah . I just wish that time would move a little quicker . That 's a coincidence , because we just filed the patent on that last week . It 's good to be with you . We should do this more often . What 's wrong ? We always have breakfast together on Saturday mornings . We were here last week . Are you saying you don 't remember ? I 'm worried . You 're having these experiences at what cost ? I 'll talk to Walter . Hey , Jane , it 's Celia . God , it was a beautiful service . I know this is impossible to make sense of . We love you , Janey . We 're here for you . If you need anything , please call us . Who are you ? What do you want ? No , please , no ! No , please , no ! No ! No ! - Olivia . - Hello , Walter . Oh , I 'm so glad you 're here . - Is everything all right ? - I 've run out of MM 's but I want to show you something . I ordered this on the Interweb to keep an eye on our cleaning crew . - A teddy bear ? - A Ted E. Bear-Witness . It has a camera . To my surprise , this inadvertently recorded the event between Peter and our bald man in the lab . Come . What do you see ? I see him disappear and then the table get knocked over . Look again . Do you see the blip ? Okay , I saw it then . I believe something happened here that was undetectable to the human eye . - Ah . They 're back from MIT . - What did I just pick up , Walter ? There were a lot of security precautions . It 's an apparatus designed to slow down video . The playback rate is so decelerated , that you can actually see light particles . Well , come on , Tommy , let 's see what we can find on that tape . How are you feeling ? I 'm fine . I was gonna come and talk to Walter but his mind is firmly somewhere else at the moment . Astro , my waffle iron blew this fuse . This is Dunham . Jane Hall . She was found by her sister . - That 's severe bruising . - Those aren 't bruises . The skin had a reaction to chemical residue left by the assailant 's hands . - Why are we here ? - This is the second killing in a month where a woman 's had the same marks . Both were recently widowed . The husbands died under mysterious circumstances . Their bodies were dumped in fields , completely dehydrated . Mrs. Hall had just arrived home from her husband , Mark 's , funeral when she was killed . Okay , so we know that the killer is targeting couples . There 's one more thing . In both cases DNA of the deceased husbands was found on the victims ' necks . You 're saying both widows were killed by their dead mates ? That 's what the evidence is saying . Her husband 's body was only exhumed 15 minutes ago . Oh , my . - Hello . - Peter . I need you here immediately . Where are you ? I 'm in a cab on my way to the bus station . - Bus station ? Where are you going ? - New York . You wanted me to stay away from her , remember ? A bus is as good a mode of transportation as any when you 're trying to get out of town . You didn 't tell me . Anyway , you must come back to the lab at once . Why ? What 's going on ? I think the Observer may have done something to your eye . Whatever he did , it wasn 't seen by the other Observers . All I care about is what he 's done to you . So , what 's in New York ? I told you , Walter , it 's what 's not in New York . Olivia . I admire you , Peter . And why 's that , Walter ? I told you what the right thing , ethically , was to do . Leaving Olivia . But I don 't know that I would have had the strength to do it myself . Is that your way of thanking me for taking your advice ? It 's a particularly obtuse way to admit that you 're a better man than I am . Is that Greek ? Yeah . It means , " Be a better man than your father . " Something I was told a long time ago . But it is very strange to hear you say it . - Hm . - What is it ? There 's something in there . It 's got writing on it . It 's an address . 2281 / 2 Morrow Street . It 's amazing . I suspect this message , if left alone to run its course would have fully dissolved , taking its place firmly in your mind 's eye . You think this would 've etched itself into my brain ? Organic ocular suggestion . You wouldn 't be aware , but you would be irresistibly compelled to visit . - Dr. Bishop ? - What ? Farnsworth said to bring her in if we were here first . - Who is she ? - " Jane Hall . " I think it 's a case , Walter . Oh , right . Fine . Bring the poor dear down and put her on the slab . The human body is composed of 60 percent water . However , Mr. Hall 's body was drained of almost all moisture . He was literally killed by extreme dehydration . Among other things that are lost with such dehydration are pheromones . It wasn 't only Mr. Hall 's DNA found on his widow 's neck specifically , it was a very concentrated solution of Mark 's pheromones which is what 's causing the burning on the victims ' necks . Why would somebody concentrate pheromones ? They control our moods , our appetite , who we give our hearts to . So he 's targeting couples . Killing the male , extracting the pheromones . Do you think that he 's trying to win the female ? A love potion ? Possibly . Hm . I would like to examine the first victims he did this to . Okay , I will get the ball rolling on the exhumations . See if I can get their files pulled . Oh , I 'm sorry . They 're Peter 's . I made him get off the bus to New York . But you didn 't know that . That he was on his way to New York ? No . Where is he now ? Thank you , dear . Walter , my memories are slipping . - They 're disappearing . - Your own memories ? You said they were in the back of your mind . I didn 't tell anybody it was happening because if Peter was gonna be with me then I didn 't think about the consequences . I just didn 't care . But it 's getting worse , Walter . Whatever it is that 's happening . And I want you to try and stop it . I want you to see if you can reverse it . I wanna go back to who I was . Olivia . I don 't wanna feel like this anymore . I 'll think of something . - I can do that if you want . - Really ? - Yeah . - Yeah , that 'd be great . Thank you . He 's so cute . Yeah , I don 't know about cute . This is Omar . Are you ready ? Oh , you two look so in love . Beautiful . - That 's great . - Perfect . You guys from around here ? - Yeah , Brookline . - Come on , Oliver . All right . - Well , take care . - Thank you . Thanks . Andrew , be sure to get the lake in the background . I could take that picture for you if you want . Smell this . Walter , what is that ? It is putrid . Mortius bestia . Roadkill . Specifically , an aromatic excretion from the castor sacs of the North American beaver . Used primarily for marking and mating . I went beaver hunting in Eastern Canada during the ' 70s . Of course , in those days , " beaver " meant something else entirely . Walter , why would you make me wear this and smell roadkill ? Because I 've been smelling things for the past hour and I 've lost my objectivity . Now , are you going to help me or not ? Okay , take a look at these . These are statements from friends and family . The one thing that they said about both couples is that they had great , solid , loving marriages . - So ? - So maybe he 's targeting couples that personify the kind of love that he wants . What ? Nothing . Ahem . Are you okay ? I mean , with all you 've been through in the past few days ? You know , if you ever need anything I 'm here . I know . Walter wants to know which of you has fearless nasal passages . For thousands of years , perfume makers have used a single disparate rancid note to counterbalance the other sweet and unctuous scents in a fragrance . The ancient Mesopotamians used fish oil the Greeks used animal carcass , the Egyptians used afterbirth . But used in proportion so that the human nose cannot detect the unique odor . You 're saying our suspect is making a perfume ? No . But like perfume the chemical compound that our perpetrator is using to lure the opposite sex , does contain a rancid note . I found this on Jane Hall 's neck mixed with the pheromones of her dead mate . - It 's an ingredient called castoreum . - Hm . Uh-uh . Anyway , we can trace it . It is not easy to get , I only found five perfume manufacturers that use it . You guys can work these and I 'll take these . - Hey , Astrid . - Hey , where are you ? We 're just leaving Scentax , on our way to KJS . Forget about that place . Empire World Fragrance fired one of its employees a few months ago for theft . - Guess what he stole . - Castoreum . Do you have an address ? Let me out ! One on one to talk to you Like film stars they get close to you You 've mirrored his appeal He wants you so He wants to be beside you Then you pass by Giving him the other side of you Like the mystics do So that every time he moves He moves for you Soul and light can always see The meeting of true love and she This silent night and I I guess a lonely mind might see I 've seen love on the screen Move , move ! Watch your step . Clear . Upstairs , negative . It 's still warm . He was just here . Olivia . He 's married . Andrew Sutter , age 36 , 212 Peatmont Avenue , Milton . I 'm gonna call Broyles . Tell him we know who the next victim 's going to be . It 's okay , we 're with the FBI . My name is Dunham . What are you doing ? Are you Dianna Sutter ? The last time I spoke to Andrew was this morning . His car 's in the shop today . I told him to get a ride home from work , because ... Because I was too busy . Believe me when I tell you that we are going to make sure that he doesn 't hurt you or anybody else . We 're in position . Now what ? Now we wait . Just keep looking straight ahead . You must have loved each other very much . We were married the summer after our senior year at Brown . This August it would have been 15 years . We were best friends in college . He was always helping me get over a broken heart from one boy or another . He couldn 't understand why I kept letting it happen . What I was looking for . He couldn 't really understand the difference between loving someone and being in love with them . It 's different , you know ? But people get tired of looking and hoping . Maybe he 's taking his time , like he did with Jane Hall . Or maybe he was never coming here at all . This guy targets couples in love . You heard her talking about her marriage . Why would Carr pick them ? Is it possible that your husband may have been having an affair ? How did you know ? Do you know her name ? The president returned home today from his trip overseas . He 's expected to meet with congress tomorrow to discuss , among other ... Who ... ? What are you doing in my house ? - No ! - Shh . - Get off me ! - Shh ! Shh-shh-shh . God , please God . No , help me ! Help me ! Shh ! Shh ! I 'm so sorry . I 'm so sorry . I 'm so sorry . Let her go . Move away from her . Do you know how much pain you caused ? I don 't want you to think that I did it for me . I mean , not just for me . We 're not meant to be alone . It 's every human being 's right to know love . And had I succeeded had I found the right chemicals , just the right balance I could have given the world what you have . What do I have ? Love . I can smell that you 're in love . I was wondering when I 'd hear from you . I was just making some tea . - How you feeling ? - I 'm okay . - I talked to Walter . - What did he say ? Well , it doesn 't matter . I met a woman today . She 'd just lost her husband and as she was talking about him and her marriage as much as she wanted to be , she wasn 't in love . As I was listening to her I realized what she was saying . She had let go of the possibility of love . Of finding love . And I could see myself in her . I didn 't like who I was . All of these memories and feelings that I 'm experiencing they 're from a better version of me . I 've decided to let things run their course . No , you had an emotional day . And you don 't have to decide anything right now . I 've made my decision . You have so much in your life , Olive . Are you just gonna let that all disappear ? And be replaced by what ? Memories of a life that you didn 't live ? Yes . Well , how long do we have ? I don 't know . Neither does Walter . Hm . Well , my mother used to say : " Encourage the quest for happiness in your children . Even if it takes them very far away from you . " When the day comes if I don 't remember this I want you to try and build something with me again . Don 't give up on me . Mm . I love you , Nina . I love you , Olive . Thank you . For what ? They hid the universe from me . They locked me out . - You mean the other Observers ? - Yes . What I led you to is a beacon . I needed you to activate it so I could find my way back . So I helped you . Then I need you to help me now . I have tried everything that I can think of everything I know how to do to get back home , and none of it has worked . And nobody here can help me . But you can . I know you can . Please help me get back home . You have been home all along . I don 't understand . I was erased . There is no scientific explanation . But I have a theory based on an uniquely human principle . I believe you could not be fully erased because the people who care about you would not let you go . And you would not let them go . I believe you call it love . And Olivia ? She is your Olivia . English - US - SDH
