 Walter , I don 't remember any of that . I can 't let Peter die again . What did you mean by that ? I designed a device intended to cross the time-space continuum and retrieve my dying son . Walter , I gotta tell Peter the truth . Things have never been better between us . I can 't lose him again . I can 't ! Give me time to prepare . Please . Any change ? Excuse me , ma 'am . Do you have any spare change ? Thank you . God bless . Excuse me , sir . Do you have any spare change ? No . No , I 'm sorry . Anything you can manage , sir . Thank you . God bless you anyway , sir . Spare change ? Oh , God . No , no , please ! Let me outta here ! Help ! Let me outta here ! Leave a message . It 's Peter . Pick up . Hey , Walter . It 's Peter . Your son , Peter . Come on , Walter . Pick up the phone . Walter , pick up the receiver , and hit the square black button next to the red flashing light . You remember ? All right , fine . When you get this , I want you to get your Kit together . I just got off the phone with Olivia . She said there was an incident on a train , and I know how much you love trains . Thought it might cheer you up . Be home to pick you up in 15 minutes , all right ? Have you noticed anything weird ? Not yet , but give it ten minutes . I was actually talking about Walter . Hello . I 'm Dr. Walter Bishop . He 's been avoiding me all week . He didn 't even look at me on the car ride over here . He 's stopped eating . I got him a new box of Peak Freans . He hasn 't even opened it . Well , did he say something ? No , all week it feels like he 's been enveloped in this ... sadness . I haven 't noticed anything . Oh , my . Sir . What are you doing ? I 'm checking their underwear . Their underwear ? I 'm sure you 're familiar that with sudden death victims often experience a sudden bladder release of urine , and sometimes excrement . Get off this train . He 's with me . Thank you . I don 't know what happened to these people , agent Dunham . My first guess is collective heart failure . You think these people died from having a heart attack at the same time ? Perhaps it was sympathetic . Contagious , like yawning . Come on , Walter . You really believe that ? Walter , does your theory suggest why all the lights would be out in this car ? No , there should be battery backup . Unless it wasn 't serviced properly . Agent Dunham ? He crossed paths with the man as he entered the train car . Six foot , brown hair , wearing a trench coat . And he 's sure that he saw him coming out of this train car . The man didn 't speak to him or acknowledge him . He just exited down the stairs of the platform . Did we pick him up on surveillance ? I 'm waiting to get word if they can pull him on any footage . Agent Dunham . Hey , Rod , found this over there . Oh , my God . Excuse me , gentlemen . That 's mine . Thank you . Thank you . All the batteries are dead . It 's not just the lights that went out . This is her cell phone , but they 're all dead . All the cell phones , laptops , mp3 players . They 're all completely drained of power . Any theories , Dr. Bishop ? Oh , no . Except my initial theory of collective heart failure is probably incorrect . I 'll need to take some of these bodies back to the lab . Six or seven should suffice . We have an image from the platform cameras . Who is this guy ? And how did he kill everything on this train ? This is unusual . Dying organisms struggle for their last breath , but these people appear as if their switches have simply been turned off . Hey , how 's it coming in here ? Hi , Peter . Not very good . Take samples of this man 's lung , brain , and skin . Something 's not right here . Yup , I think it 's my paycheck . Hmm ? Whatever it is , I 'm sure you 're gonna make sense out of it , Walter . Walter . What 's going on with you ? Is there something wrong ? Something you wanna talk about ? No , everything 's fine . Astro , show me those previous cellular samples , please . That 's extraordinary . The ATP concentrations are unusually low . Cellular process should continue for hours , even after death , but this man 's mitochondria seems to have ceased functioning well before it should . What do you say I take samples of the rest and see if there 's a trend ? So what are you saying , Walter ? That something was able to reach inside of these people 's mitochondria and just ... drain them , like the batteries in all of the electrical devices on the train . It wasn 't just their hearts that stopped beating . It was every cell in their bodies . What do you think could possibly do something like that ? I have no idea . 20 years ago a person walking through Boston for two hours showed up on an average of ten different surveillance cameras . Now , it 's hundreds . Bad for privacy , but good for us . I 've asked them to output each source to a different monitor . Give us a sense of the route our suspect took . Play it . He exits the train station , crossing Ferris Ave . , continuing north . This is from the bank on Howard Street . Coming around the corner . There , he enters a cafe . He spent almost 45 minutes inside , then left the establishment . The guy kills a train full of people and then stops for a meal ? And the trail goes cold there . Once he left the cafe , we couldn 't locate him on any other cameras . But we have a place to start . Cafe Wilusa . Yeah , he was here this morning . He comes in all the time . Weird guy . Weird how ? Well , he always draws on stuff , like the napkins and the placemats . Well , what sort of stuff does he draw ? Some kind of math , I think . To be honest , my higher math ends at calculating my tip , so ... Does he ever pay with a credit card ? Sometimes he does . Here . This is him . Alistair Peck . Thank you . This will really help . Send the Bishops up , please . These mathematical formulae are extraordinarily complex . Physicists use diagrams like these to shorthand ideas about how subatomic particles behave . These are sublime . This may explain his flourish for numerical wallpapering . Astrophysics . He teaches at M.I.T. If I comprehend this correctly , then this Alistair Peck has taken Einstein 's theory of relativity and turned it on its ear . I grasp portions of it , tachyons are depicted here , but I fail to see their relevance . However , it does confirm that Dr. Peck was dealing with tremendous energy to do ... Whatever it is he 's doing . What are you doing with my things ? Peck is here , he 's downstairs . I guess that explains what all the surgical tools were for . What did you do to the people on that train ? 12 innocent people . Those people aren 't dead , miss . Not permanently . Of course they 're dead . But they soon won 't be . Although , others soon will be , I 'm afraid . Dr. Peck , I want you to lie down on the ground now . Don 't take my computations . They 're meaningless to you . It is well within my ability to make it so that you are never in possession of the things I require . You 've implanted a faraday mesh . What are you talking about , Walter ? A shield , to create a temporal pocket around your body . Of course . Of course , what ? Why would he need a temporal pocket ? That 's fantastic . Dr. Peck , what are you doing ? Dr. Peck ? Walter , what 's happening ? Spare change ? I 'm sorry you have to go through this again . Oh , God . Have you noticed anything weird ? Not yet , but give it ten minutes . I was actually talking about Walter . Excuse me . I 'm Dr. Walter Bishop . Is this the car ? Must be the car . Oh , my . And there 's nothing else you can give me ? No other information ? Here 's the initial report . You think these people died from having a heart attack at the same time ? Perhaps it was sympathetic . Contagious , like yawning . Walter , does your theory suggest why all the lights would be out in this car ? No , there should be battery backup . Unless it wasn 't serviced properly . I 'll need to take some of these bodies back to the lab . Six or seven should suffice . Agent Dunham ? He crossed paths with the suspect as he entered the train car . Says the man was in a raincoat . Six foot , brown hair . Says he touched the hand rail . We 're dusting for prints . Hi there . Uh , the man from the train ... did he say something to you ? Yeah . What did he say ? " I 'm sorry you have to go through this again . " Again ? And what then ? He stepped off the stairs and walked away . Agent Broyles , Agent Dunham . All the batteries are dead . All the cell phones , laptops ... they 're completely drained of power . Hey , Ron ... Look , I found this on the floor over there . Oh , my God . Oh , thank you , thank you ! That ... that ... that 's mine . He found it on the floor up there . Oh ? Oh . Thank you . The mitochondria were depleted ? Yup , completely drained . The victims didn 't die of a group heart attack , they were just completely drained of biological energy . Just like their phone batteries . Pretty much . How is the question . Walter 's still working on it . I 'll let you know if he finds out anything else . Okay . Dunham ... we managed to I.D. the print we lifted off the train car railing . We got lucky . They matched a set NASA has on file . Dr. Alistair Peck . What did he do at NASA ? He was classified as part of a think tank . We don 't know much more than that , yet . Well , we know that he lives here . 412 Inman Street . Send the Bishops up , please . Mr. Peck may have done project work for NASA , but he 's employed locally . Astrophysics . He teaches at M.I.T. What ? Wow , I 'm having déjà vu . Yeah , I read that déjà vu is fate 's way of telling you that you 're exactly where you 're supposed to be . That 's why you feel like you 've been there before . You are right in line with you 're own destiny . Well , do you believe that ? Mm ... no . It 's a bit mystical for my taste . I never get them , myself . Maybe that 's ' cause I 'm not on track with my own destiny . Huh , look at this . What is it ? A photo album . Okay . But who are you ? What 's your name ? Huh . Well , one of them is bound to be back sooner or later . Hopefully sooner . Shall we go home now ? I 'm tired of waiting . Olivia ... might I come with you ? In your car ? I can 't drive home with him . I can 't look at him . Walter , you can 't keep doing this . Peter knows that something 's upsetting you . I 've written him a letter . Instead of me stammering in fits and starts , a letter is more concise . It explains everything in just the right words . Except that every time I think I 'm ready to tell him , I envision his reaction when he reads it and I run the scene in my mind again and again . And every time , the outcome is terrible . But I will do it . But first ... there 's something I 'm waiting for , Agent Dunham ... something important . Hey , guys , check this out . Templates . Forms . What are they for ? Well , they 're what you 'd use to cast machine parts , but these look like they were handmade . This one is dated several months ago , this one even earlier . He refers to them as prototypes . But prototypes for what ? Alistair Peck was a professor here for six years . His focus ... obsession ... was particle acceleration . Um , creating wormholes without a particle collider . All right , you 're saying that Dr. Peck 's area of expertise was time travel ? He kept cranking out theories , and eventually every one of them was over our heads . That must have been frustrating for his superiors . Embarrassing is a better classification . They wanted to fire Alistair but he saved them the trouble and left , about a year ago . Is this his wife ? Ah , the fiancée . Her name is Arlette . Do you remember her last name ? I don 't recall , no . Do you know any other friends he might have had ? People he knew ? That 's the sad thing . He was kind to everyone , but he never socialized . I think I was his only friend . Well , anything that you can remember about Mr. Peck , it could be important . Alistair sent me these about six months ago to proofread . He had hopes of seeing them published . Uh , can we take them ? They 're only gathering dust here . They are pretty dense . Most would say it 's gobbledegook . Well , I happen to know someone who 's fluent in gobbledegook . I 'm finished . In another 20 years , with the assistance of some other great minds , I will have absorbed this information . Alistair Peck has conceived of some extraordinary theories and is possibly implementing them . Meaning what ? He may well be able to travel through time . Conceivably . Einstein himself theorized this . 10 : 00 a. m ... 11 : 00 a. m . He said that if something could propel an object faster than the speed of light , then time would appear to bend . When those two folds connect , a tremendous amount of energy is required to absorb the jump . From any power source . So the laptops , the phones ... and anyone who was near him . Yes . Then what you 're saying , Walter , is that Peck 's moving through time is what killed all of these people on the train . That is my theory , yes , and Olivia , if it is right , then we may well have apprehended this man already . Possibly several times . I found his fiancée . The car in one of the photo album pictures is registered to an Arlette Turling . Her license information is coming through . Okay , that 's her . Find out whatever you can . She 's our only connection to Peck . Third volume is unfinished . There 's a handwritten segment at the back , then the writing stops . The unfinished chapter is entitled " achieving the Arlette principle . " What 'd you just say ? " Achieving the Arlette principle . " I think I know why Peck is doing this . Arlette Turling was killed in a car accident ten months ago . On the 18th of May . What if Alistair Peck is going back to save her ? Grief can drive people to extraordinary lengths . Now , considering the amount of energy that was drawn when he landed at the station this morning , using Peck 's own theories , I estimate that we witnessed just a 12-hour jump . 10-month jump ... The results would be devastating . Well , how many casualties ? It would depend where he landed . Hundreds . This is weird . I did a search for Peck 's cell phone when we first I.D. ' d him as a suspect . He didn 't have one , but Arlette Turling 's number is still active . Someone 's paying the bill . Now , in the past 24 hours , the primary cell tower that 's been handling the signal from Arlette 's cell phone is a tower near Albany Street . Well , what 's near Albany street ? M.I.T. Well , what 's he doing at M.I.T ? The professor said that she hadn 't seen him for almost a year . Well , Walter has a lab here , maybe Peck has a lab there . According to the files , the lab registered to Peck when he was a professor here was lab 107 . Are there any windows in that lab ? Get your men on the rooftops . Are those guns really necessary ? You okay ? Want me to take you back home ? No , just stay there . Agent Broyles ... Agent Dunham . If we are correct , and , for Peck , this is about bringing a dead loved one back to life , then Peck and I , we have something in common . Let me speak to him . Walter , I ... of course I know that killing him is the only way to ensure that he won 't jump , but if I could talk to him , I think I can convince him to stop this . Please . Let 's talk to Broyles . * * Wait . I am not a threat . I am an ambassador . I know who you are . You 're Dr. Walter Bishop . I 've read you . New frontiers in genetic hybridization . And I know that if you wanted to , you could disappear from here in a second . Please , trust me . We take for granted ... the laws of nature for example ... that are not necessarily binding . There are places on this earth where two plus two most definitely does not equal four . You 've figured out how to bend time . But you 're only interested in traveling to the past . Your goal , your next jump is the 18th of May . So you know . The 18th of May . Yes . Don 't do that ! Don 't stand there ! There are snipers outside . Stay away from the window ! I hope he knows what he 's doing . Why are you here ? What do you really want ? My calculations show what you must already know . An enormous amount of energy will be drained from wherever you arrive and a large number of people will be killed . But each jump back clears that slate . No . If you are reunited with your fiancée and you pull her from that car , the victims of this last massive reset will remain dead . Listen . On the day of the crash , we argued . Arlette wanted me to go to some store to register for wedding gifts , and I hurt her feelings and I left . As I walked , I became drawn to something on the horizon . A large , red ball . It was a hot air balloon . Moored on the city 's outskirts , out in this field . I spent the whole day in this field , looking at this balloon , and I got my answer . I had an epiphany of how to physically apply my theories of time travel . I was in that field the moment her car was hit . 18 may , 2 : 18 p. m . If I 'd have simply done what she asked me , if I 'd have said , " sure , I 'll go with you , " I know it wouldn 't have happened . I will jump back . But I 'll jump back into that empty field , Walter . And I 'll only drain the energy from the plant life . Energy will be dispersed , no one will die , and I will pull Arlette from that car and I will save her life . I know why you haven 't gone back to May 18th , yet . Because you don 't know how to . You haven 't been able to jump back any further than the train . What happened ? Someone get that signal back online ! You approximate the time curvature using a seventh order polynomial . But you made one small error . For the distance you require , it should be at least nine . I 've read you too . Get a team up there , now . I 'm telling you how to do this , but I 'm telling you you cannot do it . I must do it . You 'll never be able to live with the consequences . I told you , no one will die . That 's not the consequences I 'm talking about . I , too , attempted the unimaginable , and I succeeded . I crossed into another universe , and took a son that wasn 't mine . And since then , not a day has passed without me feeling the burden of that act . I 'm going to tell you something that I have never told another soul . Until I took my son from the other side , I had never believed in God . But it occurred to me ... That my actions had betrayed him and that everything that had happened to me since was God punishing me . So now I 'm looking for a sign of forgiveness . I 've asked God for a sign of forgiveness . A specific one , a white tulip . Tulips don 't bloom this time of year ... white or otherwise . But he 's God . And if God can forgive me for my acts then maybe ... It 's in the realm of possibility that my son , possibly , may be able to forgive me too . Walter , God is science . God is polio and flu vaccines and MRI machines , and artificial hearts . If you are a man of science , then that 's the only faith we need . Then allow me to serve as a precautionary tale . There will be repercussions if you pull Arlette from that car . You don 't know how things will be changed by your actions , but they will . It 's not our place to adjust the universe . And you will never be able to look at her again without knowing that , just like every time I look at my son . I have traveled through madness to figure this out . And you will too . You 're asking me to just leave her there . No , no , no ! Stop ! I 'm all right . Stop ! No , please ! Gentlemen , please ! Don 't you see ? We won 't remember this . Don 't you see ? We won 't remember anything . We won 't remember ! This is weird . I did a search for Peck 's cell phone when we first I.D. ' d him as a suspect . He didn 't have one . But Arlette Turling 's number is still active . Now in the past 24 hours , the primary cell tower that 's been handling the signal is a tower near ... Albany street . Dunham . Alistair Peck is back at his residence . Six dead , including two Boston P. D. officers . We have to take him down before he jumps again . Take it . I haven 't seen you look at that letter for a while . It 's been almost a year since Alistair died . Today 's the day I 'm supposed to send it . Open it . Apparently , Alistair felt whatever it is , he could put in your trust . He wouldn 't have sealed it if he wanted me to see what 's inside . Walter ? Hey , I got you something . Fixed your turntable . I 'd tell you to keep it out of the lab this time , but I know you won 't . Thank you , Peter . I thought maybe you 'd like some music to cheer you up . Walter , I know that you 've been in a funk for the last couple of weeks . If there 's something you want to talk to me about ... No . Something was weighing on me , a decision , but ... I 'm fine . Okay . I 'm gonna go hit the hay .
