 There is an alternate universe and , in it , another version of us . Previously on Fringe ... You were right . They don 't remember Peter . He was erased . The timeline has been rewritten . And yet traces of him continue to bleed through . Does this remind you of anything ? Biological , mechanical hybrid . They 're human . Heard you got something to show me . It was powering a new form of shapeshifters . The ones we 've encountered before answered to Walternate . I was important to you , wasn 't I ? I mean , the other version of me . She is . Well , I hope that you get back to her . Clearly I 'm in the wrong place . All the people that I know and love are somewhere else . Now I just got to figure out how to get home . Walter ? Your waffle machine isn 't working properly , Peter . So instead ... You 're talking to me ? I don 't understand . Chocolate chip and banana pancakes . What could be clearer ? Sit . Good morning . Good morning , Walter . I thought you were making waffles . The waffle iron is broken . Oh , but you were so looking forward to them . It 's okay . This is fine . Being back , with the two of you ... This is very , very fine . Don 't worry , son . I 'll get this infernal machine working . Then we can have waffles every day . I just need to adjust ... Walter . It 's incredible . Astrid , come quickly . You 've got to see this . The pinwheel with the metallic qualities is spinning against the flow of air , completely violating the law of physics . Oh ... Pastries - how nice . - Thank you , Astrid . - Hello , Walter . I have to talk to you about the machine . Walter ... The machine was powerful enough to pop me out of my timeline . And I think it 's the only thing that can get me back to where I belong . You built the thing . You 're the only person who can help me reconfigure its matrix . That machine is staggeringly dangerous . It 's capable of destroying universes . I know . And maybe I am , too . I have tried to respect your boundaries . I have stayed away , Walter . But I 've got to get home now . And you 're the only person who can help me do that . I have been separated from my family . And you of all people should understand how desperate I am to get back . The water was still running in the sink . She must 've come to her decision while she was washing the dishes . What ? I knew almost immediately ... Even before I found the body . The car 's engine was still running . There was no note . There didn 't need to be . We had just lost our only child . I should 've mourned with her ... Been there . But instead I let her grieve alone so that I could focus on finding a way to the alternate universe to save someone else 's child . My actions caused the death of my wife ... Unspeakable damage to two universes . I lost my career ... and my sanity ... All because I tried to help another Peter . I may be the only man that can help you , but I 'm also the only man that cannot help you . Your office told me you were on leave . You okay ? Uh , yeah , it 's - it 's just a migraine - I think exhaustion . Broyles told me to take the day , rest up . What are you doing here ? I need to ask you a favor . You mind if I come in ? Uh , sure . Please . I need you to ask Broyles to get me permission to use the bridge so I can cross over into the alternate universe . Why would you want to cross over ? Because I think the machine is my best chance of getting home . And Walter created it , but clearly he 's not gonna help me recalibrate it , so I 'm hoping that Walternate will . Walternate is an untrustworthy son of a bitch who is responsible for sending shapeshifters to our universe . So what makes you think that he 'll help you ? I really don 't have any other choice . Okay , in any case , Broyles isn 't gonna let you near that bridge . I mean , you may have gained some trust here , but to him , you 're still an unknown entity . Besides , Peter , they don 't know that you exist . And Walternate is their Secretary of Defense . I mean , how are you gonna get to him at the D.O.D. ? - Hey . - Hey . I brought you some chicken soup . I thought maybe you could use a little ... company ... - Which I see you already have . - Him . Me . You 're how I 'm gonna get into the D.O.D. On the other side , Fringe Division reports directly to the Secretary of Defense . Their lead agent ... Is Lincoln Lee . Yeah , that could work . I think it will work - all I need is a way to get over to the other side . I 'm sorry . What are we talking about ? Here it is . A Massive Dynamic requisition form ? What 's item 317 ? It 's Walter 's portal device - the one he used to cross over in 1985 . That 's at the bottom of Reiden Lake . Well , maybe where you 're from , but Massive Dynamic recovered it years ago . It 's been in storage ever since . And you just happened to have this handy ? I 've been thinking about crossing over myself , doing a little recon . Well , what do you even need Walter 's device for when you can just cross back and forth anytime by yourself ? When I can what ? Smart - you were gonna go over there off-grid , find out what the shapeshifters are after . See if I can expose Walternate 's entire agenda . Peter 's just given us a way in . Whoa , whoa . No , that 's not at all what we 're about to do . Look , I understand that you guys are dealing with real and present dangers from the other side , but if we go over there and you get busted , there 's no way that Walternate 's not gonna think that I 'm involved . I 'm gonna lose the best chance that I have to get back to my timeline , to my people . You got to understand that . Of course . Getting you home is a priority for us as well . So right now this is about you . Lincoln and I will secure a van and collect the device from Massive Dynamic . All right , then . Let 's go get our ride . You got something on your mind ? Yep . Honey , you sure you don 't want me to come in with you ? Yeah . Okay , well , I 'll be right out here if you need me . Mom ! Excuse me , officer . There 's some inappropriate behavior going on in the men 's restroom , and my eight-year-old was just subjected to it . All right , transit P.D. come on out of there . Mr. Secretary , Brandon Fayette is here to see you , as requested . Send him in . Mr. Secretary , I was told you wanted me to bring you the shapeshifter tech . You 've been working on this for several weeks . How much longer will it take ? I 'm not sure . But I 've identified a signal that we might be able to trace . If I 'm right , it should lead us to whoever 's responsible for these new shapeshifter prototypes . I want you to forward me your diagnostic protocols . And leave the disk with me . I 'll handle the back-trace myself . Sir , are you sure ? I feel I 'm close . I would like to see this - I shouldn 't have to remind you that I am also a scientist . I 'm perfectly capable of completing the task . No , sir . Of course . I 'll send for you if I need anything else . So the guy scales the bus and then jumps 30 feet off its roof . That 's what the witness report said . Gets a 9.5 for the attempt , but he failed to stick the landing . May I have your attention , please ? All Fringe Division and ancillary personnel are required to withdraw from the area immediately . Excuse me . Want to tell me what you think you 're doing ? I 'm Sergeant Elias Kane , Department of Defense . This investigation is now under the jurisdiction of military command . The hell it is . On who 's orders ? Secretary of Defense . All right , everybody ! Pack it up , clear it out ! What , you 're just gonna let that happen ? It 's out of our hands . We work for the D.O.D. , too . Why would Secretary Bishop remove us from what is clearly a Fringe case ? Ours is not to question why , ours is just to get the hell out . Dunham . I was able to get the equipment . I 'll meet you at the theater . - Great . - We 'll see you there . Now , what makes you so sure that there 's a soft spot between universes in this place ? Well , we 've used it before ... In another timeline . We 're still about 40 miles out . It 's fine . We 've still got plenty of range . You all right ? Yeah , I 'm okay . You know , you really don 't have to be here . No , we have an arrangement . If something happens and you two can 't get back , I have to be here to let Broyles know . So this look about right ? Yeah , you look good . Okay . You 're clear on everything , right ? What you need to do ? Are you ready ? Just out of curiosity , um ... If this thing closes while I 'm still crossing through , what happens ? - It 'll cut you in half . I killed a guy like that once . Don 't worry . He was a bad guy . Olivia , thank you . I owe you one . Good luck . You okay ? One piece . Colonel Broyles , sensors detecting a class-three breach . That 's impossible . We haven 't had any degradation since the universes were linked . Nonetheless , sir , redundant systems are confirming a breach at an opera house in lower Brooklyn . Where are Agents Lee and Dunham ? En route to H.Q. , ten minutes out . Notify them of the breach and redirect them there . And dispatch an Amber team to meet them . This place isn 't all that different from our - Hey , Scarecrow , come on . The flying monkeys are coming . - Thank you , gentlemen . - Bring the body in here . Sir , may I ask what 's going on ? Nothing to concern yourself with . I need you and your staff to vacate the lab until further notice . Sergeant Kane , please stand guard at the door . Make sure no one disturbs me . How 's it going ? Agent Lee , good to see you again . I got a prisoner here I need to transport to Liberty Island . I don 't have any transport order . No , you wouldn 't . Secretary Bishop wants to keep this one off the books - keeping it quiet for security reasons . You think I 'm making this up ? No . Not at all , sir . I can call up the SECDEF 's office to clear it up . Sure , you speak to somebody there . They clear it with someone else , who clears it up the chain . That 's at least three people you just included in a classified interrogation . You go right ahead . It 's your ass , not mine . I see what you mean . You know what ? - I 'll send for the ferry . - Good idea . I just need your " show me . " Yeah , uh , about that ... I had to jump into the East River to catch this scumbag . Must 've lost it in the drink . That 's fine . Your handprint will do . The ferry should be at the pier shortly . Agent Lee ... I 'll go ahead and report your " show me " lost . Thanks . I 'm impressed - quite a knack for deception . Colonel ... We checked our readings again . They 're still negative . If there was any kind of degradation here , it 's gone now . Copy that . The breach is no longer registering here either . Looks like a false alarm . Maybe there was a glitch with the sensors ? Maybe . Recall your team and report back to H.Q. Dreaming of a life in the theater ? You know , that body at the bus terminal - his face was pretty messed up . The guy was pancaked by a bus . I mean his features . They didn 't add up . They were all mismatched . His hair , his eyes - one blue , one brown . Okay . Well , you add that to the fact that he ran up the side of a bus , then jumped ten yards and landed on his feet . I think he might 've been a shapeshifter . You mean those human shapeshifters the other side 's accusing us of sending over . Okay . Well , I guess once the D.O.D. confirms that with the autopsy , Secretary Bishop will let us know . Unless he doesn 't . I mean , their Olivia said that she believed he was responsible for these new shapeshifters . Since when do you listen to anything they have to say ? You said yourself she 's a paranoid who doesn 't trust anyone . Yeah , that doesn 't mean she 's not right . I mean , think about it . What if the Secretary had us removed from the crime scene so that he could cover up his own involvement ? Now who 's paranoid ? Okay . Why won 't the car start ? Lost ? I never reported it lost . They said the report came from the D.O.D. checkpoint at the pier . Checkpoint Five , Corporal Wheeler . Wheeler , this is Agent Lee . I understand somebody there reported my " show me " lost . Agent Lee ? Once I get in to see Walternate , you should probably take off , head back to the opera house before they figure out you 're not who you say you are . You 've been there before , their D.O.D. It was in your debrief with Broyles after you showed up . Yeah , Walternate wanted to keep me close when I was working on the machine . In his secure room . You said that 's where he kept his classified files . If you worked in it , you must know how to get into it . Why are we talking about this , Lincoln ? Just tell me where it 's located , Peter . Oh , I don 't believe this . You don 't have to be involved . Of course they 're gonna think I 'm involved ! - You 're about to ruin the best chance ... - I didn 't come this far ... - to go back empty-handed ! - that I have to get back home ! Don 't move ! Put your hands behind your head ! Just give me a chance to explain . Look , I know how this looks , but it 's a misunderstanding . Agent Lee , I presume . We can straighten this out . I have to talk to Secretary Bishop . Who the hell are you ? Yes ? Mr. Secretary , it 's Colonel Broyles . Sorry to disturb you , but you need to know there 's been an incursion from the other universe . We 've apprehended two men who were on their way to you . One is their Fringe Division 's Lincoln Lee . The other man ... He claims to be Peter Bishop , your son . My son ? That 's what he said , sir . We 'll attempt to ascertain his real identity once we have them in custody . Agents Lee and Dunham are convoying the prisoners back to Fringe H.Q. now for questioning . Do you want me to contact the other side , demand an explanation ? No . Tell them nothing until you 've had a chance to interrogate these men . And keep me informed with what you learn . This was Olivia 's idea , wasn 't it ? Doesn 't matter much now , does it ? Yeah , it matters to me . I thought I could trust you two . I get it , Peter . You want to go home to your people . Well , we are fighting for our people . Whatever these shapeshifters are up to , we have to stop them . Sorry if I thought you wanted that , too . It 's not my fight . Agent Murphy . Affirmative , sir . As a matter of fact , I have them in my transport right now . All right , sir . I understand . What just happened ? We lost the transport . Agent Murphy , Agent Cole , do you copy ? Agent Murphy , Agent Cole , respond . Hey ! Murphy , what 's going on ? Transport one , this is Dunham . Do you copy ? Agent Murphy , come in . Agent Farnsworth , where is the locate on that prisoner transport ? Still looking . Stand by . Get out . Your cuffs - take ' em off . You trying to make this look like an escape attempt , like we 're the ones that killed your partner ? Your turn . Let 's go . That call you got - was that from Secretary Bishop ? Did he tell you to do this ? He 's making a mistake . I just came here to talk to him . He doesn 't understand why I 'm here . It doesn 't matter why you 're here . I have my orders . We got to get out of here , now . Give me the gun . Give me the gun ! We 're doing this my way now . You 're 100 meters from the transport . - Wait . They 're on the move again . - What ? Take the next alley . There are two transponders still in the alley . Okay , you let me out . You stay with the transport . We got two agents down . All units , the suspects are headed north down the alley by Franklin and Broadway . Out of the vehicle , now ! On the ground . So where is he ? I have no idea . I told you , he ran . Agent Murphy 's " show me " was used at the Canal Street subway turnstile 20 minutes ago . So you led us on that little diversion so your friend could get away . Broyles put his description out to transit and Metro P.D. He won 't get far . You and your pal murdered two Fringe agents . Every cop in the city is gonna be looking for him . Right . That 's what happened . We came all this way to kill two Fringe agents . That 's brilliant . No wonder you 're a detective . Makes a hell of a lot more sense than Agent Murphy shooting his own partner , then trying to kill you two because somebody called him up and ordered him to do it . So who on our side would want you dead ? Your boss ... the Secretary of Defense . So , clearly , in the other universe , I 'm a nut job . What makes you so sure that it was the Secretary on the other end of that call ? Our universe has been infiltrated by shapeshifters from your side . They 've killed a lot of people , including a friend of mine for - for reasons I still don 't understand . And your Defense Secretary 's behind them . He 's obviously got people inside your division working for him . You take me in , he 's gonna see to it I disappear . Trace the call . Trace the call that was made to Agent Murphy . If it leads back to Secretary Bishop , you know I 'm right . If our division 's compromised , why trust us ? Because of her . Peter said I could trust you . He doesn 't even know me . Peter said at the end of the day , you 're a good person . You 'd do the right thing . Liv ? We 'll sort it out at headquarters . - Oh , God ! - I 'm sorry . I 'm not here to hurt you , I - - I have money . Just take - - Oh , no , you don 't understand . I just need to speak with your husband . It 's very important . Peter . Over the years , my husband has opened my mind to things that I never thought possible . And still , I never thought that ... But as soon as I looked into your eyes , I knew . They , um ... They told me that you died ... The night that you were taken from me . And they told you the truth . I 'm sorry , Elizabeth . I 'm not the Peter that you think I am . I 'm from another place . It 's all very complicated . But I have people there that I care about very , very deeply , and I have to get back to them . That 's what got me through it , you know ? I told myself that if another universe exists - and there 's got to be more - then somewhere ... You would grow up and be happy and ... and fall in love . Somewhere you would have a life ... Just-just not here . That 's why I came here . It 's why I need to speak to Walter . He 's the only person who can help me . Yeah , of course . If-if your father - if Walter knew that you were here , he would do everything he could to help you . He 's , um ... He 's at work . I 'll call the office . Oh , no . No . No , I-I 'm sorry . You can 't do that . You can 't let anybody else know that I 'm here . When I first crossed over , people who worked for your husband tried to kill me . What ? - Why would anyone try to - - I don 't know . But clearly someone thinks that my being here is a threat . Then , Peter ... We need to protect you . Walter has to know about this . I think that he already does . The alarm . Oh , God , I 'm sorry . Before I knew it was you , I - I hit the alarm . Peter , why have you got a gun ? Mrs. Bishop . Give me the gun . Mrs. Bishop . Peter , if you don 't give me the gun , they will shoot you . Mrs. Bishop , are you all right ? I won 't let anything happen to you ... Not this time . Okay , don 't shoot . That 's him . Hands in the air ! Okay , don 't shoot ! Don 't shoot ! Mrs. Bishop , step away . This man is dangerous . He 's killed two Fringe agents . No , anyone who fires on this man will have my husband to answer to . A mistake has been made . I need your men to transport us to the Department of Defense . You heard me . We are going to see my husband . He 'll have to be restrained . That 's fine . Walter will straighten all this out . You 'll see . What the hell is this ? This is where we 're holding you . It 's a maintenance closet . That 's very astute . No wonder you 're a detective . We looked into Agent Murphy 's phone logs , and he did receive a call just before the vehicle disappeared from the convoy . Like I said . We 're gonna trace the call , and if it leads back to the Secretary of Defense , then we can talk . If not , this isn 't the last windowless room you 're gonna find yourself in . Make yourself comfortable . Nobody knows you 're here but us . We 're breaking about five different general orders right now . I hope you know what you 're doing . Me too . Walter . It 's Peter . It 's a miracle . Of course it is . I 've dreamt about this moment for so many years . And now you 're actually here ... Standing in front of me . Take these restraints off him . - Sir - - Take them off . And then leave us . I know ... I know that you don 't want to hear this right now , Secretary Bishop , but ... I 'm not your son . I know that . How could you be ? He came to ask for your help . I promised him you would . Would you leave us for a moment , Elizabeth ? I - I 'd - I 'd like to speak to Peter alone . Just a few moments , please , dear . All right ... All right . Thank you . I must say , that was a brilliant performance . You almost looked genuinely surprised to see me , which we both know is not the case . I 've known about you for some time . I 've been monitoring the intelligence feeds from the other universe . Yeah , if by " monitoring " you mean spying . You have a very ill opinion of me . Where I 'm from , I know you all too well . Really ? What do you know ? For starters , I know you 've already tried to have me killed once today . And why would I do that ? I don 't know , Walter . Maybe you see me as a threat . They know that you created the human shapeshifters . And they know that you 're responsible for sending them into the alternate universe , in violation of your accord with them . So you have come all this way to bring me to justice . No . Whatever disagreements there are between this universe and theirs are none of my business . I 'll tell you exactly what I told them . It is not my fight . All I want is your help to get me back where I belong ... To get me home . If you want to get rid of me , just help me . If you believe that I am to blame for all those terrible things , your decision to come here must 've been difficult . I didn 't really have any other choice . I see . Well , no one knows more about the burden of difficult decisions than I. Sir , Sergeant Kane said you wanted to see me . Doctor . Come in . Dr. Fayette , this man is from the other side . He is making serious accusations against me . He believes , among other things , that I am responsible for the shapeshifters that are plaguing the other universe . Now , you are my chief scientist . You know me and my operation better than anyone . Is it possible ? Is there any way that what he is saying could be true ? I don 't see how , sir . I examined the shapeshifter tech in detail . I saw nothing to indicate you had anything to do with it , sir . There . You see ? If I may ask ... Not everything is as it seems . I 've suspected for some time that Dr. Fayette had been replaced by a shapeshifter . My men have been following him for some weeks , monitoring all of his communications . So what are you gonna do with him ? Interrogate him , get what information I can to find out who 's behind this . Earlier today , a state department employee was the victim of another shapeshifter ... Trying to acquire his identity . It 's become all too clear that elements of our government are being infiltrated . If you 've known about this for so long , why haven 't you done anything ? Done what exactly ? If word got out that elected officials and other authorities were not who they claimed to be , it would cause widespread panic , and society would collapse . No , trust me on this . You have to find the shapeshifters , expose them for what they are . And how would you propose I do that ? Well , that device you used seemed to do the trick . Yes . And I spent weeks convincing myself that Dr. Fayette had been replaced . If I had been wrong , this tech would 've killed a human being . Why are you telling me all of this ? Because you are the only person I can trust . You have no alliances ... to our side or theirs . I 'm telling you this because I need you to deliver a message . I appreciate what you 're up against here , but - - It 's not your fight ? - Exactly . It 's not my fight . I came here because I needed your help to get home . The Walter on the other side refuses to help me , but you understand that machine . You share his mind . You 're the only person who can help me get back to where I belong . And I will do everything in my power to help you get home . But you must go back to the other side and tell them that I am not their enemy . Whoever is behind this is a threat to us all . I was wrong about you . You 're not the man I thought you were . You are exactly the man I thought you would be . Please do this for me , Peter . Help us . Agent Farnsworth traced the call to Murphy 's cuff back to an industrial park in the Flatiron district . The area 's been abandoned since the Amber riots of ' 06 . The flatiron district ... That doesn 't sound like it 's connected to the D.O.D. or Secretary Bishop . Maybe it isn 't , but we should still check it out . Liv , how much longer are we gonna keep Broyles in the dark ? - We 're just following up on a lead . - No . We 're chasing the story of a suspect who may have murdered two of our own agents ... And who , by the way , we locked in a broom closet instead of holding , where he belongs . What if he 's right ? What if he 's not ? We have to tell Broyles something . Did you process the prisoner into holding ? He 's been secured , sir . But that 's not why we 're here . I take it this is about the trace you ran on Agent Murphy 's ear cuff . Agent Farnsworth told me . You want to tell me what it is you 're looking for ? Uh , well , it may be nothing , but until we know more ... We would like some leeway on this . Okay . Keep me posted . Yes , sir . Thank you . Colonel Broyles . They 're on their way to you now . Excellent . We 'll be waiting for them . Who are you ? Who are you ? Show me your hands . Show me your hands . How did you - how did you - stop doing that . Stop doing that . Who the hell are you ? Who the hell are you ? I have come to tell you something ... Olivia . How did you know my name ? How do you know my - You 've been shot . I came to tell you ... I have looked at all possible futures ... And in every one , the result is the same . You have to die . I 'm gonna get you to a hospital .
