 I intend to restore balance to our world . Previously , on Fringe . An unstable wormhole that would not close was quarantined by Fringe Division . Citizens encased in quarantine amber have been ruled legally dead . We gave you the ability to identify things from the other side . Was it me who described it as a glimmer ? There 's something that I have to talk to you about . About her , fake Olivia . When you asked me to come back to this world with you , - you said ... - That you belonged with me . And so I came back for you , and we started seeing each other . I thought she was you , Olivia . She wasn 't me . How could you not see that ? Now she 's everywhere . She 's in my house , my job , my bed . I don 't want to live in my apartment , and I don 't want to be with you . Okay , we need a secret word in case I need to make a quick escape . You 'll be fine . I just don 't know what I 'm gonna talk about . Come on , they 're my friends . Just as long as you don 't discuss religion or politics . Oh ! Well , it is lovely weather we 're having today . See ? You do smalltalk just as good as anyone . Evenin ' , folks . What unit ? Uh , Kimball , 7-C . - Enjoy . - Thanks . Oh , is the elevator not working ? No , it 's workin ' . Good luck . Evening , Mrs. Marcello . Where you heading ? The Schrodinger Hotel , on Flatbush . You 're not leaving too , are you ? I can 't take it anymore , Jimmy . I haven 't slept in weeks . Come on , it 's not that bad . Yet ... And I 'm not sticking around to find out how bad it 's gonna get . I 'm not spending another minute in this building . All right , all right . At least let me hail you a cab . See ? I told you know where Brooklyn is . - Oh , my God . You made it . - Hi . You must be Chris . It 's so nice to meet you . California bubbly ? Mm , I like him already . Come in , come in . Most people are out on the balcony . Why don 't you guys head out , and I 'll get some drinks . Here , I 'll come with you . Uh , wine ? Surprise me . He is handsome . - And sweet and funny . - And your age , finally . Hey , try some of this chicken . It 's amazing . He 's great , and at this point , we 're practically living together . - Really ? - Who are you living with ? - Hey , Rick . - Her boyfriend . So ... Have you given him a section of your closet ? And half the medicine cabinet . - Rick ! - All right . All right , I 'll call the building manager . Yesterday , the stove comes on completely by itself . Yeah , now we just need to teach it to make us breakfast . Hey ! I 'm serious . This is not funny . It 's kind of funny . Yeah . Sylvia ? Sylvia ... You okay ? What 's in those ? I don 't know , what 's it ? Some type of barbecue ? Get my ... Get my purse ! She 's having some kind of allergic reaction ! Go get Chris ! Where 's Chris ? - I 'm Chris . - Sylvia can 't breathe . She needs her purse . It 's with her coat . To the Schrodinger , corner of Flatbush ... Corrected by icephoenix ♪ Yum , yum , pigs , bum , pancakes blue ... ♪ O.J. , fresh fruit ... What 's the occasion , Walter ? Oh , nothing special . But for the past couple of weeks , no new cases and ... Somehow that has translated into ... Never seeing Olivia . And I , for one , miss her . Any reason why you didn 't mention this to me last night ? Well , would you believe it slipped my mind ? No , I would not . You know , Walter , whatever 's happening between Olivia and I ... Or not happening , as the case may be ... Is really between us . It 's none of your concern . Your happiness is my concern . And while that 's very sweet , I 'm begging you , please ... Don 't try and force things , okay ? I 'm not forcing anything . Good morning , Walter . Yes , it is . It 's good to see you , dear . So what was so important ? Hmm ? Important ? Breakfast . The most important meal of the day , and I proved it in 1973 . Blueberry pancakes . This a Bishop family specialty best eaten while still warm . Walter , you didn 't have to do this . That 's exactly what I told him . Ooh , there 's something missing . He wants us to spend time together . The three of us ? No , just the two . Walter ! He 's not lying , though . The pancakes are fantastic . I 'm gonna head back to the office . Olivia . Look , I don 't approve of his methodology , but ... Since we 're here , we might as well take advantage of the situation and just talk about what 's bothering you . I don 't really know what to say . Look , I know that you still think about her . I know you had feelings for her . And that you still do . And , frankly , I don 't think you 've been completely honest with me . Well , you 're right . I mean , I haven 't told you everything . Mostly because I didn 't think that you ... That I could handle it ? I know that you struggle with trust issues . You have a difficult time letting people in . Well , I ... I 'm struggling because the reasons are real . - I 'm not making them up . - I know . I never wanted to be one of the reasons . And I still think about her , because I spent so long imagining going down that path with you . Imagining what it would be like to wake up in a bed next to you . To sit around , just the two of us having a cup of coffee , reading the paper . And then finally , I had it . I 've seen what the two of us together looks like . And it 's beautiful . Peter , she 's the one that took it away from us , not me . And now ? Who 's the one stopping us now ? Dunham . Yes , sir . We 'll be right there . I 'm gonna go get Walter . Okay . Hey , Cupid ! Did my plan work ? Well , if your plan was to make things even more awkward and painful between Olivia and I , yeah , worked like a charm . Perhaps I should have made a frittata . Six people attending a party on the seventh floor fell to their deaths last night . One second , they were standing on the balcony . They next second , they were hitting the sidewalk . What , they all jumped ? Like a flash mob ... Of suicide . But jumpers don 't usually take their patio furniture when they commit suicide . They find any structural damage to the balcony they were standing on ? First responders didn 't detect anything . That doorman , Jimmy Smith , was on duty when they fell . Okay , well , I 'll meet you guys upstairs . Jimmy , I 'm , uh , Agent Olivia Dunham . I was wondering if I could ask you a couple questions about what happened here last night . I don 't know ... I don 't know what happened . I was helping Mrs. Marcello hail a cab and then ... This body just ... hit the ground . Then another and then ... They all just came down . But at once ? Like they all jumped at the same time ? Maybe it 's true what they say about this place . What do they say ? Sylvia has a peanut allergy , and I guess something that we had catered triggered an attack . I ran out to the balcony to get her boyfriend . We were so busy with Sylvia that ... by the time we heard the screams , everyone was ... gone . Don 't be a daredevil . I 'm not , I 'm not , I 'm not . I don 't think these people jumped . You 're right . And even if they just ... went over the railing , they would have landed farther out . Yeah . Simple physics . Instead ... They landed directly below us . It 's as if they went straight through the balcony . Let 's not push it , all right ? It 's fascinating . How ... How do six people fall though a solid floor ? Uh , ghosts . Apparently the residents think that the Rosencrantz Building is haunted . Apparently , unexplained phenomena has been happening here for a while . Unexplained phenomena ? Yeah , the water pipes would be replaced , and then two days later , explode . Or the electricity will go on and then go off , unexplained . People have been reporting odd sounds . That described just about every , single prewar building . Well , half the tenants have already moved out . Now that people have fallen through the balconies , I 'm pretty sure they 're about to lose the other half . Any ideas , Walter ? I know what 's happening here . Ten times , I 've flipped this coin . And ten times , I 've gotten heads ! That 's fairly inconceivable . The laws of physics are being disrupted here . The balcony ... Here one second , - gone the next . - What are you saying , Walter ? That , like the other universe , our world is starting to come apart at the seams . And the tear is beginning right here ! Damn it . Walter , what are you looking for ? My seismograph . How am I supposed to measure micro-quakes without my damn seismographs ? Walter , we keep ' em in the back . Then why are you all sitting around ? I 'll go get it . You know , a thank you wouldn 't kill you . Oh , I 'm sorry if at this moment , when the universe is collapsing , I forgot the magic word . Walter , I understand that you 're worried , but at the moment , we don 't know for sure that what we 're dealing with is a soft spot . It is not a soft spot , dear . It is a hole , which could potentially lead to a vortex . Right , with the operative word being potential . Yes , agreed , we need proof . And that 's where you come in . I want all the data we can glean from that location . Digital spectrometer . Radiological survey meter . We need to track any irregularities . Walter , this is still hypothetical . Peter , I know that this is not exactly precise science . Perhaps you 'd prefer that I put Olivia into a heightened state of fear and anxiety in the hopes that she may get a glimmer from the other side . That 's not what I meant . Here 's your seismograph . Thank you , Astrid . Okay , Walter , we 're gonna go set this up at the Rosencrantz . If any seismic activity happens , you 'll be the first to know . Uh , yes . Thank you ! Please ! Hocus pocus ! Whatever you want to hear . Walter , what 's all that about ? Nothing . Do you remember the chemical attack on the commuter bus some years ago ? Yeah , it was one of our first cases . I want the case file , and I want my lab notes for the case , please . How come ? Oh , dear God . Is it " second guess everything I do " day ? Because I haven 't been informed . I 'll get you the file , Walter . Okay , the seismograph is online . All right , Walter , we 've got everything set up . Well , can 't you do that from there ? Okay , fine . We 'll stay here . Yeah . Bye . - You 're kidding . - He wants us to stay here . I mean , he knows it 's twelve degrees out here ? He said to stay close in case we have any last-second calibrations . Do you really think that this is the end of the world as we know it ? If it is , there 's no reason to wait outside in the cold for it . There 's a bar right across the street . Wait , you think that now is the time to be throwing back shots ? Who said anything about downing shots ? Maybe they got fries . Well , now you 're talking . - Evening , Mrs. Merchant . - Hello , Jimmy . Mystery selection , coming up . Is it " Feelings " ? No . Did I ever tell you about the time Walter did his rendition of " Never , Never Gonna Give You Up " for me ? No , but I actually love Barry White . He was only wearing his socks at the time . - Uck . - He was doing the hustle . - There was a lot going on . - Okay , that 's enough . You know when you were talking earlier about ... What it felt like when you thought you were with me ? And you said that ... It was beautiful . Yeah . I want to know what that feels like . But ... Olivia ? What ? I just need to get some air . I 'm sorry . Olivia . Look , whatever that was , if you think that it 's a mistake ... Peter ... You glimmered . When we kissed , you glimmered . So you 're afraid . - Afraid of what ? - That you were right . That this isn 't just about her . It was , but I think that this is me . I think that I 'm stopping us . Maybe I 'm just incapable of being vulnerable . Olivia , come on , you know that that 's not true . It must be . I 'm terrified . That I can 't fix this . That ... That this is just who I am . What do you see ? Peter ? Are you getting these readings ? What 's happening ? I don 't know . I 'll call you right back . Peter ? What happened ? Who was he ? My husband . His ghost . Nothing . I thought there 'd be some radiation leakage from over there . So you 're not buying that it 's her husband 's ghost ? There 's no such thing as ghosts . That 's where you draw the line ? Ghosts ? Belly and I used to argue about this constantly ... What happens to the body 's energy after death . William theorized we should be able to capture that energy using what he called soul magnets . It 's a catchy name . He said if he were right , he would contact me from the great beyond . I haven 't gotten the call yet . Well , if she didn 't see her husband 's ghost , then what did Mrs. Merchant see ? Mrs. Merchant ... When was the first time you saw you saw your husband ? You mean after he died ? He 's been visiting ... for a couple months now . Oh . Looks like you two were together for a long time . Almost 45 years . These photographs are beautiful . Was he a photographer ? He liked to pretend he was . Oh . When we 'd travel , he 'd tell people we worked for National Geographic . Oh , oh , I know that that ... That sounds horrible . - No . - But that little fib got us into a few restricted but spectacular places . We never had children , so ... That was our thing . Huh . We made a hell of a team . Forgive me , but how did Derek die ? It was stupid . The fuse box blew , like it always did . And we flipped a coin , like usual . Whenever there was a chore , neither of us wanted to do , we 'd flip for it . Derek lost this time . There was a short in the wiring . He died instantly . After his death , you must have been devastated . Is that when he started coming to you ? No . I couldn 't get out of bed after the funeral . We 'd been together since we were twenty . He was part of me . Then he was gone . So when did you first see him after he died ? A few days after . Around dinner . For a second , I forgot . I wondered what Derek was in the mood to eat . And then I remembered ... He was gone . And all I felt was despair . All I wanted was him . Even if that meant ... dying myself . And that 's when he came . He came to be with me . When I needed him . How long did you two live here ? Oh ... Over forty years . Derek owned this apartment . I moved in after we got married . Oh . Walter , why did you ask that question ? How long had she lived here ? What ... What does it matter ? Because ... If her husband had this apartment , then it stands to reason that her husband 's double may have this apartment on the other side . Which proves I 'm right . The universe is breaking apart at this very spot . That woman is seeing through to the other side and mistaking the other Derek for her husband . Which is why I can see him too . Yes ! And if the fabric separating our universe is so thin that Mrs. Merchant can see through it ... This is not good at all . Walter , I understand why she can see through and I can 't , but ... How is it that Mrs. Merchant can see through ? Right now , I 'm not interested in how , Peter . I 'm more concerned about what happens next . Which is ... Imagine this is the soft spot in the universe ... But every incident ... weakens it a little more . Until , eventually ... A vortex ... A gaping hole , that sucks in and obliterates everything around it . Just like we 've seen happen on the other side . - Walter , I found it . - Oh . Good . What took so long ? The FBI had transferred the case files to Massive Dynamic . Which file ? The commuter bus attacks several years ago . How is that relevant ? I 've been worried about this since we returned from the other side . How we would respond if a vortex opened up here . How we would plug the bridge . Walter , please don 't tell me that you 're thinking ... What am I missing ? We would do the same thing as they did over there . The government asked us to analyze this for its military properties . No one had ever seen anything like it before , so there was concern . With good reason . If I 'm right , this has a composition similar to the material that Walternate uses . We need half a dozen of our best scientists . And that ... nervous fellow , Brandon . Dr. Bishop , let me get this straight . Are you really suggesting that the FBI encase that building in amber ? Perhaps the whole block . Tell them they can refer to my lab notes . Oh , stop , Walter . I mean , we 've seen what the amber 's done to the other side , with thousands of people trapped . Not to mention the public reaction . We 'd be looking at mass hysteria . I understand , but how do you think the public will react if that soft spot turns into a vortex ? A black hole that swallows up half of Brooklyn . We should get started . Okay , I understand that it 's a last resort , but it 's a bad last resort . Well , you know more about this than any of us do . What 's the protocol they use over there ? Okay , well , the Fringe team goes in and , uh , assesses the scope of the damage . Then they set a perimeter . They evacuate as many people as they can . Once the canister is in place , the gas is dispersed , and within seconds , the amber solidifies . I need to run this up the channels . Not exactly how you imagined meeting the President , huh ? I already know him . He doesn 't like me . I beat him at golf . What are you thinking ? Well , uh , I understand Walter 's concerns , but there 's got to be another way , right ? I 'm gonna access the information that we 've got on the other soft spots . Walter still doesn 't understand what 's causing the incidents . But if this is a new soft spot , then why there ? Why that building ? If we could figure that out , maybe we could figure out how to stop it . Okay , well , let 's pull up all the geological reports from the Rosencrantz as well , going back to the first reported incident , and see what we 're missing . We 've narrowed down the parameters based on your notes . And we think this mixture should replicate the compound you 're looking for . So how 's it going ? Walter , are you all right ? For a long time , I 've been willing to think the worst of Walternate . That he was an evil man . Willing to use any means necessary to get what he needed . I suppose it made it easy to justify what I did . Now we 're faced with the same decision . And I 'm arguing that we do exactly what he did . What sort of person does that make me ? One who 's asking the right questions . You don 't think he grappled with them too ? The compound is ready , Sir . There 's nothing unusual beneath the surface . There 's no subway tunnels , no major utility lines . I mean , what are we missing ? Hey ... I 'm sorry , um ... The woman who lost her husband , Alice Merchant ... Why can she see through to the other side ? You can do it , but only when your ... Your emotions are heightened . That emotional intensity is your trick . Well , she 's grieving her husband . That 's emotionally intense . Sure , but people lose loved ones all the time . It 's sad , but what makes her so unique ? Yeah , and ... And why can she only see her husband 's double and not her own ? I mean , if they both live on the other side , then she should see them both , right ? Maybe the other Alice lost the coin toss . She told you they used to flip a coin to see who was gonna have to go fix the fuse . Well , maybe the exact , same thing happened on the other side , but on the other side ... Alice died instead of Derek . Okay , well ... What if we 've been looking at this all wrong ? What if this is not about physics , but about people ? Go on . Is it possible that these two people , both grieving for a version of each other in the exact same spot , are somehow causing this soft spot ? Some fort of emotional quantum entanglement . Perhaps . " Spooky action at a distance . " Einstein . Two objects interacting with each other even though they 're separated by a great distance . Man had a way with words . So it is possible . In theory ! I 'd have to test it . And I 'd have to figure out how to do that . Dunham . Olivia , I 'm picking up all kinds of seismic activity in Park Slope . It 's happening again . South side of the street is clear , Sir . Move west and merge with Team Bravo . I want an update in five . Is that the ambering device ? I 've prepared a remote detonator , so your agent won 't get caught in it . You two , take this cylinder . Place it in the stairwell , then report directly to me , quickly . Sir , uh , I think that there 's another option . Short version ... The woman who can see through to the other side , what if whatever freak accident that killed her husband over here also killed the wife over there ? And this intense grief that they 're both experiencing is somehow blending our universes together ? You think all of this is because of feelings ? Some naturally occurring chemicals in the body are like Cortexiphan , which allows Olivia to see the other side , but only when she 's afraid . We don 't know how her emotions allow her to do that , but we know that they do . Dr. Bishop , is there any merit to this ? There 's a chance . But quantum entanglement is a tricky business . I 'm not sure . Sir , we 've got a resident that 's refusing to vacate . Merchant , 6B . - Please advise . - That 's her . Pulling her out won 't help . Proximity is irrelevant . If Peter and Olivia are right , and this couple is responsible for what we are seeing , then it doesn 't matter if they 're inches apart or miles . The subatomic connection is the same . She needs to break that connection , and let go on her own . Well , what do you suggest ? We convince her that it 's not her husband that she 's holding onto . - And that 'll make this stop ? - Possibly . But before we resort to amber , we have to try . If I give the order , I want you two out immediately . No hesitation . Understood ? - Yes , sir . - Go ! He 's already here . - Alice ... - Go away . I don 't want you here . Alice , what I 'm about to tell you is gonna be hard to understand . But everything that is happening in this building is happening because of you . Because of you and Derek . Now , you 're the only person that can stop it . But to do that , you need to let him go . I won 't do that . I can understand how you feel . Okay , Alice , the man you 're seeing , he 's not a ghost , and he 's not your husband . He looks like Derek . He looks exactly like Derek . Then who is he ? How long do we have ? There 's no way to know . Sir , the device is in place . I want all teams behind the line , immediately . Yes , sir . You 're wrong . I swear to you . The man that you 're seeing , he 's from another place . He 's from another world . What are you talking about ? In his world , he lost his wife too . And she looked exactly like you . He 's making the same mistake that you are . He thinks that you 're his wife . Now , I know this sounds insane , but all those people that fell from the balcony , they all died because you two couldn 't let go of each other . All of this is happening because of you , and you can stop it if you just let go of him . Alice ... Love ... It 's me . I can hear you . Derek , I hear you ! Olivia ... I can see him too now . Sweetheart ... - I miss you . - I miss you , too . Was that ... That shimmering , was that was I think it was ? Seeing the other side . Yes ... We all are . Dunham , Bishop , I want you out of there now ! Do you copy ? I repeat , do you ... There 's so much more to tell you . Things I never got a chance to say . I don 't think the building can take much more of this . Well , she won 't let go . What 's happening ? Rapid shifts in barometric pressure . Static electricity . Dr. Bishop ... It 's a vortex . It 's starting . How do I trigger the amber , Dr. Bishop ? Turn it on . Pull out the pin . Evacuate now , do you hear me ? That 's a direct order ! Alice , you have to listen to us . That man is not your husband . Who is that ? Who are those people with you ? Alice , please . Look at me . You need to let him go . How can you ask me that ? I can 't . I can 't ! I just can 't ! I know , I know . But you 've already had what most of us only dream of . A lifetime with the person you love . Look around you . Your entire house is filled with mementos ... Photographs , ticket stubs . Evidence of a life shared with somebody . Proof that what you and Derek had was true and real . And I know that when you have something so real , you 'll do anything to keep from losing it . But please , you have to let him go . Alice , I miss you so much . And the girls miss you . We never had children . Of course we did . No . I 'm not your wife . Your wife is gone . And so is my Derek . We 're good up here . Everything okay down there ? I know that it 's a lot to take in . I 'm not sure I 'll ever really understand what happened . And I 'm not sure it would make any difference if I did . You know ... Today was something I never could have imagined . But if the impossible is ... possible ... Who 's to say that someday I won 't see him again ? Maybe you will . Walter ... The custodian would like to vacuum . Just a few more minutes . Lovely view , isn 't it ? You saved the lives of a lot of people today . And you should feel very proud . No . Today wasn 't a victory . Today was a vision of things to come . Walter , now , you don 't know that to be true . Unfortunately , I do . If the vortex had opened , I would be able to seal it . And then there would be new cracks and we would seal those cracks , and those cracks in our universe would beget larger cracks and ... Over there , decades of research and funding ... The best solution Walternate could come up with was this . And it won 't be enough . Once the universes start to unravel , there 'll be no stopping it . I don 't know how to stop it . Well , then ... I think you need to learn . - Hey . - Hey . I 'm sorry , I thought maybe you were Walter . Oh ... Is he missing ? No , he stayed down in New York . What 's up ? Is everything all right ? Yeah . Um ... I might be being presumptuous , but , um ... I was thinking maybe ... Yeah , of course . Come on in . I 'll get us some glasses . To disaster narrowly averted . Or at least postponed . Peter , what you said to Mrs. Merchant ... I want what you want . What do you think we should do about that ? Am I glowing ? No . - Anything ? - Mm ... Nothing . All readings are within normal parameters . That 's weird , ' cause Astrid reported a class four event at this location , and she 's never wrong . Did you check the batteries ? Um ... Yeah . Agent Dunham with Fringe Division . I 'm sorry to bother you so late . But I was wondering if you happened to have noticed anything strange going on in the area ? No , nothing . Okay . Uh , what about your family ? Maybe they ... No , uh , I live alone here . My wife died a couple months ago . Oh , I 'm sorry . Well , if you do happen to notice something , please call the hotline . - Yeah . - Okay . Thank you so much for your time . Cancel the quarantine protocol . If there was a rift here , - it 's closed now . - Hmm .
