 Previously on fringe ... I need to talk to you . Yes , sir , I 'll be with you in one minute . No , now ! Sir , I 'm going to need you to calm down-you 're gonna scare the passengers . They should be scared . This isn 't a panic attack . Ladies and gentlemen , we have a passenger who 's having a hard time . Jones , don 't move . Quite a display you put on in there . Your love for this man must be something quite profound . Good-bye for now . Walter , my memories are disappearing . Your own memories . All of these memories I 'm experiencing - they 're from a better version of me . I decided to let things run their course . You have so much in your life . Are you just gonna let that all disappear ? I 've made my decision . I 'm in love with Peter . Ladies and gentlemen , we apologize again for the delay in our arrival . Weather reports still indicate strong winds and turbulence . We 'll be circling for just a bit longer . We hope to be on the ground within the hour . Thank you for your patience . We will be coming through the cabin with snacks which are available for purchase for $ 5.00 . Remember , Vertusair no longer accepts cash , so please have your credit or debit card handy . You need some headsets ? You should put keys on your back . - Excuse me ? - It 's an old wives ' tale - to stop the bloody nose . Yeah . Yeah . Actually , I tried it once . It doesn 't work . It 's all bull . Excuse me . Excuse me . Excuse me . Excuse me . I need to talk to you . Yes , sir , I 'll be with you in one moment . No , now ! Please . - What 's the problem ? - I 'm in trouble . There 's something happening to me that I don 't have the time or the permission to explain to you . What is it ? I need you to go to the passengers . I need you to collect as many sedatives or tranquilizers as you can . Okay , sir , I need you to take a deep breath . This isn 't a panic attack ! This is real ! We will die , all of us , if you don 't do what I say . Sir , a threat like that is in violation of FAA regulations . Does it look to you like I care about that ? Oh , my God . Go call the Captain . Sir , I 'm gonna need you to calm down . You 're gonna scare the passengers . I 'm going into that bathroom . You keep me in there . You keep that door closed . Get whatever sedatives you can as soon as you can . You go in that bathroom , sir - I am not messing around ! When you get the drugs , you come back , you knock . If I don 't answer or if I do and what you see isn 't me anymore , you keep that door closed . Aah ! Yes , sir , but I think 40 minutes is too long . Ladies and gentlemen , we have a passenger who 's having a hard time . Sir , this is the Air Marshal . I need you to open this door . Sir , I won 't tell you again . Open this door , or I 'm gonna have to come in . Panic attack ? Yeah . Like I said , I hate flying . I always have , ever since I was a kid . But I was doing pretty well until they said that we weren 't going to be able to land for a while . These your bags , sir ? - Oh , that 's them . Thank you . - Whoa . Look , I 'm really sorry . I 'm sorry I wasted your time and scared all those people . Hey ! Sorry . Don 't you have to ask permission before you do that ? Not since Bush II . Sure . Sure . Whatever . Can we make this quick , please ? Is there anything I need to be aware of , sir ? - What ? No . - Knives ? Needles ? Underwear . Don 't worry . It 's clean . Are you okay ? Yeah , I just ... Need a bathroom . Right there . Mike ... Panic attack ... As in withdrawal . Aah ! Well , time to call the cops . Hey , it 's Knolls . We got drugs again . But nothing I 've ever seen bef - You say you 're happy ... that you 've never felt better . Yes . And forgetting all the details of your life ... your relationships ... the cases you 've handled - that 's not a problem for you ? Well , what I meant - I mean , yes , it 's odd , but it 's a problem that I can handle . The real problem , the one that we should all be worried about , is Jones . - David Robert Jones ? Yes , the one who kidnapped me . - You remember that ? - Yes . Because you 're already starting to become ... what ... your former self from a prior timeline - the one you shared with Peter Bishop ? I suppose . Yes . My point is , David Robert Jones is still out there somewhere . And instead of pursuing him like I should have , I 've been forced to take every psych evaluation and field trial the Bureau can think of . I 've had CAT scans , MRIs , peed in every cup . My sitting here now trying to convince an FBI shrink - no offense-that I am fit to return to active duty is pointless . You have to admit ... it 's a little weird , what 's happened to you . I work in Fringe Division . Weird I-is a matter of degrees . Have you told your sister ? You do have a sister , right ? Yes . Rachel . And , no , I haven 't told her . Are the two of you close ? Yes . We don 't talk that often . Why not ? Life . My job . She moved back to Chicago with my niece Ella so that Ella could be closer to Rachel 's ex , who , in my opinion , is a liar and a bastard . Just a few more questions , Agent Dunham . We 're almost through . - Hey . - Hey . Sit down . They said no . The truth is , they don 't know what to say . Nothing like this has ever happened before . The Bureau has protocols for dealing with mental trauma , depression , post-traumatic stress , amnesia . - I don 't have mental trauma . - I understand that . And what does it matter if-if I can 't remember every detail of every case I 've ever investigated ? I mean , I can learn that . It doesn 't make me any less fit to be in the field . Your sister is still married . Rachel is still married . She and her husband have two children - Ella and a younger brother , Eddie . Dr. Anderson sent over her report . 40 % of all the information you provided about your life is incorrect , which , as far as the tenth floor is concerned , means you are not the Agent they licensed . Our grandfather 's name was Eddie . ♪ ♪ Is that you ? What took you so long ? I was just about to send out a search party - dogs , men in trench coats . Oh ... That good , huh ? They don 't even want me consulting on cases . Well , I 'm sure that 's only temporary . Broyles said I should look at it as an overdue vacation . Why would I assume , just because you and I are back together , that everything would be fine ? What , the world isn 't gonna live up to my every expectation ? Olivia , a vacation is not such a bad idea . Vermont 's beautiful this time of year . I know you don 't like skiing , but as long as we got a rug and a fireplace , I think we 'll be fine . You should answer that . I think the ' 70s are calling . Yeah ? Yeah , I am , actually . No , I just wasn 't expecting ... Yeah . Lincoln ? Well , one of us is still on the team . - Liv ... - Peter , I 'm fine . Go . - I 'll be back as soon as I can . - Okay . They should have surveillance footage . - See if they 'll give you access . - Yeah , okay . - Hi . - Hey . How 's Olivia ? Eh , she 's okay . I mean , she 's frustrated , but she 's okay . Broyles asked me to take lead till she 's back . I hope that you 're okay with that . You 're the boss . So what happened ? We 're not exactly sure yet . Incident on a Vertusair flight from Paris to New York - details are still coming in . Is that Peter ? Tell him to stay right there . Did you cay Vertusair ? Was it flight 718 ? Yeah . I guess this is like the timeline that I 'm from . It stands to reason that some of the exact same cases would take place . Vertus 718 - Happy Birthday ! Walter , it 's not my birthday . No , of course not . I know that . But I 've been saving these up . I bought one every year on your birthday to help me deal with the loss . Walter ... and I know you 're not him , my Peter , but you 're as close as I 'm going to get . Here we are ... Beer . For when you turned 21 . I - I probably wouldn 't drink that , though . Thank you . You 're welcome . So ... The case on the plane ? Right , the case on the plane . His name was Marshall Bowman . He was an undercover cop . He was given a designer virus that was programmed to rewrite his DNA , turn him into some kind of creature . - What sort of creature ? - A giant porcupine . But the plane crashed . He was burned to a crisp . I - I like porcupines . Shows that God has a sense of humor . Uh , Peter , you were right . The guy 's name is Bowman , but that flight did not crash . Huh ? It says it right here . It landed a few hours ago . 16 . By then , I figured you 'd be all about girls . - Are you sure about that ? - Positive . TSA just sent over the footage . Oh , my God ! Is that what you were talking about ? Fantastic . Okay , that is disgusting . Learn to see past the obvious , dear . What a remarkable specimen . So when was the last time you saw your brother ? A little over a week ago . I don 't understand - some kind of virus ? Why can 't I see him ? I 'm really sorry . Even if I had the authority to do that , which I don 't , it 's not a good idea . I 'm sorry to do this to you right now , but last question , I promise . This is your brother 's handwriting , right ? This bit down here where it says , " Once we get started , there 'll be no turning back " - do you have any idea what that might be about ? Maybe who he was writing it to ? No . But the last couple of times Marshall and I spoke , he didn 't seem ... himself . He was stressed . I thought it was just work . She 's ready . She doesn 't know anything . Looks like you were right . - About what ? - Bowman . Worked out of Credit Cotier in Marseille , managed their corporate accounts . But before that , he was a detective in the BPD crash unit - retired six years ago , at least officially . Sounds to me like a cop working undercover . - So what killed this thing ? - Good question . Agents down the hall say they heard the screams . By the time they opened the door , they say it was on the floor , writhing in pain , and then it just died . On the case we worked before , he was working with a partner . He was infected too , but he didn 't know it . Almost transformed a couple of days later . - Then we should find him . - Yeah . I 've been trying to think of his name , but I can 't remember it . Olivia would , though . Then you should give her a call . Daniel Hicks - Olivia says he lives at 235 Marlboro Street , so it should be just up here a couple more blocks . You want to talk about it , or should we just pretend like we already did ? Olivia . She 's your Olivia . I get it . I mean , I don 't really get it ... How she can suddenly become this other version of herself . Different circumstances , I might think that you were drugging her ... doing something to her , but ... I don 't know if she told you this , but when I first met her , I 'd lost my partner - Robert . He and his wife , Julie-they had this incredible relationship . The way she looked at him ... Olivia looks at you that same way . So why don 't we just leave it at that ? You 're a good guy . Yeah . I 'm a good guy . What 's she doing here ? You didn 't really think I 'd stay home , did you ? I suppose not . Olivia , you are not authorized to be here . If Broyles gets wind of this ... Okay . We came all this way . Might as well look around . I 'll check the back . Medical waste - what 's that about ? Don 't know . You mean you didn 't see these the last time ? - No . - Huh . Remember you said eventually all this would stop getting strange ? In case you were wondering , it still hasn 't . You don 't remember having that conversation , do you ? The night at the diner ? Sorry . That 's okay . Lincoln ! You okay ? I 'm fine . Is that really necessary ? If I don 't suture this wound , it will become infested with bacteria . I was talking about the humming . Oh . Auditory distraction dulls the peripheral senses and allows for optimal focus , which is why surgeons play classical music in the O.R. - Ow . - Sorry . Hey , did anybody report seeing the thing that got away ? No word . So do we have any theories why this one died ? Not exactly . Walter thinks that the cells broke down - that the rapid mutation caused all the internal organs to fail . - And what about this ? - Also no idea . But we are running labs on it to try to break down the chemical composition . But check this out . You see these ? They 're track marks . We think he was injecting himself with whatever that stuff is . What 's that ... just here ? Hmm . It looks like a tattoo . - Hey , Walter . - Hmm ? Can you come here for a sec , take a look at this ? Hold this . Don 't move . Did you find his genitals , son ? - Hey . - Hey . I 'm sorry about Hicks ' place . I had no idea that he had already become - it 's nothing . Don 't worry about it . But if I hadn 't been with you , then you would have called Broyles and asked for backup and ... you didn 't want to get me in trouble , and now you 're injured . It wasn 't your fault . Olivia ... I ran that name you gave me - Conrad Etienne Moreau . You 're right , he was a scientist . But he died five years ago in a car crash . What ? That doesn 't make any sense . On the case that we worked , he was the one trying to broker the deal for the virus that made these guys mutate . You also said that Bowman died in a plane crash . Now , for some reason , the details that you and Olivia remember from your timeline , not all of them are tracking here . Okay , well , if Conrad 's not behind this , who is ? Perhaps the Sumerians . This tattoo ... is cuneiform . I 'm not sure of the significance of the symbol , but I 'm fairly certain it 's Sumerian . Not my favorite ancient language . I prefer Yiddish . Belly 's father taught it to me . He was a charming man . You 're thinking something . I 'm thinking that you and I both know somebody who could help us interpret Bowman 's tattoo . - Who ? - An old friend ... Though he may take some convincing , 'cause I 'm pretty sure he has no idea who we are . Sounds intriguing . Not you . You need to be stitched up . Go . If you learn anything , call me . Okay . Thank you . All set . Enjoy . ♪ ♪ Can I help you ? I hope so . The lady here is looking for a book called Lake of the Long Sun , by Gene Wolf . Do you know him ? Are you kidding me ? I worship him . And a girl as beautiful as you who likes Sci-Fi is a girl after my own heart . I 'm Ed , by the way . Olivia . Sorry , taken . All the best ones are . Story of my life . Okay . I 've got the entire Solar Cycle , first edition . You want signed or unsigned ? Do you think maybe he could help ? Who , him ? No , I doubt it . It 's probably a little too obscure . Help what ? Uh , just a symbol we 're trying to decipher . It has to do with cuneiform . Sumerian , Hittite , or Akkadian ? Impressive . I know . I 'm a very , very impressive man . And I 'm still taken . Can 't blame a guy for trying . Do you have any idea what this means ? Are you one of them ? One of who ? Megif avagin frim dim Tish . Excuse me ? It 's Yiddish . It means " May I please be excused from the table ? " No , you may not . Why not ? Because I have just made some peanut butter and bacon sandwiches . Thanks , anyway . And because - and-and don 't be alarmed by this - but I think you may be infected . What ? Well , if what killed our friend was , in fact , viral , then it 's likely that when you were scratched , that the virus was transmitted to you . Okay , um ... S - shouldn 't you , like , give me something ? I 'm afraid not . I can 't cure the intermediate stage . Once the virus fully matures , I should be able to counteract it . - " Should " ? - Most likely . 80 % . And if I 'm part of the other 20 % ? Let 's take it one step at a time . Yep , I was right . Here it is . I remember reading it means " renewal " or " rebirth . " There 's been some rumblings lately about a group out there - a cult , really . Okay , whereabouts were these rumblings ? You know , the usual places . Obscure corners of the Internet , conspiracy boards , sub-subterranean chat rooms . Far as I can see , they 're just wack jobs . They 're obsessed with the guided evolution of man . They want to create a new species ... A better species ... Mutation by design . Oh , baby , you 're hurting . This should be the last one . Just think how special you 're gonna be ... How special we 're both gonna be ... like Adam and Eve . Here 's a good one - " according to Mayan prophecy , " a serpent rope will appear in the center of the Milky Way . " Is that when the world ends , or when the aliens arrive ? Apparently , that 's when a celestial ship emerges , and a bearded serpent God comes down to bring enlightenment . No , actually , the celestial ship turns into the serpent God , if you want to be technical . - It 's perfect . Not really . You mean no mutant porcupine man ? Hmm ? My culture , it 's clear ? Oh , no . No results yet . I was talking about them . I hadn 't realized how much I longed for family . Yeah , they 're - they 're great . And you too , of course . It 's not every day that a perfectly suited chess partner comes along . And don 't fret . Right now no news is good news . Hey , guys , listen to this . " Each generation of Gods is overthrown by its children , " who become new Gods with new tools . " Science delivers these tools , and mankind gains dominion over all he surveys . " What kind of science ? Uh , radical transgenics , hybridization . Guided mutation ? Most of this is about encoding foreign genomes with retroviral DNA . These algorithms look pretty advanced . The file 's here : " 816tpt618 . " That 's a palindrome ... or a palindromic code , to be precise . What 's that mean ? Something that reads the same backwards of forwards . Words like " madam " or " boob . " I know what a palindrome is . I meant what does that mean in terms of the case ? In and of itself , nothing . But years ago , when Belly and I were tripping , we created a way of organizing lab files using only palindromes . Walter , are you saying that this information comes from Massive Dynamic ? I do recognize the number , but we haven 't used this file system for years . After William died , we converted to a more user-friendly one . Well , maybe it 's from a terminated experiment . We have many projects dealing with the genetic engineering of hybrids . I 'll have to run a search . You weren 't supposed to be here . Philip said you were pulled off field duty . I know , but here I am . I suppose every version of you is stubborn . Ah , this code does correspond to an old project . But the contents have been erased . Could it have been hacked into from the outside ? No , I don 't see how . This system has eight redundant firewalls . Well , who was overseeing the project ? David Robert Jones . I eat , too , when I 'm nervous . Don 't worry-we should know something soon . Hmm . I take it you don 't like peanut butter . Not so much , but this bacon is fantastic . Do you have any more ? Yes . Of course . I typically don 't like pork . Aphid , could we get Agent Lee some more - Agent Lee ... What else do you hunger for - pickled herrings , spinach ? I don 't know . Onion rings would be nice . Maybe - maybe some cheesecake . That 's it . - What ? - Call Peter and Olivia . Tell them that I understand . Walter , what is it ? Astrid said you made a breakthrough . Agent Lee is infected . We know for sure now . And we 're excited about that why ? He says I 'm gonna be fine , by the way . Because now I understand what the creature craves to fuel his metamorphosis . - It 's disgusting . - Lipids ! Human fat . That 's what was in these bags . Most likely vacuumed during liposuction . Fat stores concentrated energy , and energy is necessary for transformation . Now , I know what you 're asking . Wouldn 't it be easier just to eat people ? Well , the answer , in fact , is no , not with 300,000 pounds of fat being disposed of by plastic-surgery clinics every three months . Okay , we need to make a list of all the cosmetic-surgery clinics and see if any of them have had any medical waste stolen . Yeah , I 'm already on it , although I 'm thinking they might not be inclined to admit it . Okay , Walter , let 's say that you 're right and these things are using fat to power their metamorphosis into monsters . How are they able to get around without being seen ? I really have to drink that ? Only if you want to live . A blend of wheat grass , penicillin , some mild laxatives . And I put in some mint to kill the aftertaste . It didn 't work . - You guys learn anything ? - Yes . I understand what these drugs are for . They 're meant to safely manage the transformation . They 're on a schedule to ensure that the mutation doesn 't occur too quickly . So that 's why Bowman died ? He couldn 't get to his medicine . He was in the cabin , and the drugs were stuck down in his checked luggage . Precisely . Our Mr. Bowman had all the fat he needed to transform , but he lacked the medication to control the process . I used Agent Lee 's infected blood to create a computer model to replicate the mutation sequence . - How 's it coming ? - Good . It 's almost complete . The model just needs to re-create the last few injections . Well , we 've got good news and bad news . Which do you want first ? - Bad . Both : Good . Turns out that Walter was right . There was a robbery at a surgi-center just outside of Allston about ten days ago , and among other things , about half a dozen bags of surgically removed fat were stolen . Which is that , good or bad ? Two of the guards were killed during the robbery , and the place has been under lockdown ever since . Which means that if they need more fat , they 're gonna have to get it from someplace else . The problem is that there are over 45 potential clinics in a ten-mile radius . What are your thoughts , Walter ? But I 'm not clear . Which was the good news ? Walter ... take a look at this . How many of those clinics were in high-rises ? Oh , my . In the department of guided evolution , this is indeed a great leap forward . Yeah , there 's just one - LDP Institute . It 's located in Beacon Hill on the 12th floor . They 're probably closed by now . We should get a move on . At this point , I have no choice . I need to call for reinforcements . I have to inform Broyles . If you call Broyles , he 's gonna know that Olivia was working on the case . I just spoke to Broyles . He 's gonna have backup meet you at the facility . He said he 'd deal with me later . So go . We 're in . Copy . Power 's been shut off . Copy that . Going radio silent . Go to N.V. Have we heard anything ? I don 't know about you , but this tension 's killing me . Ho , ho , ho , ho ... Oh . Very clever . He 's using the sleeping-Indian defense . He saw my Rook about to take his Queen , and he countered with his Knight . So what should do ? - Walter . - Hmm ? Oh , I 'm sorry , my dear . I 'll make less noise . Shh . No , what you just said . Porcupines are nocturnal . They sleep during the day . - So do vampires . - Astrid ! Okay , that 's why Hicks ' windows were all blacked out . What is it ? - - Can we get Lincoln on the radio ? Lincoln , do you copy ? Lincoln , do you copy ? Hello ? Peter , it 's me . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Turn on the lights . The creature is nocturnal . If it 's there , the lights might scare it out of hiding . Aah ! Aah ! Nice shot . I was aiming for her leg . No ! Do you remember this ? I thought it would teach Peter about magnetism and centrifugal force . Oh , Walter , I 'm sure that you and Peter will have hours of fun ahead of you . I know . He 's going to be so excited . Hey . Ah ! Ah ... - I love these things . - So how is she ? Well , Lincoln 's still at the hospital with her , but the doctors say she 's fine . The bullet didn 't cause any permanent damage , and they 're treating the virus with Walter 's cure . But there is some bad news . She had absolutely no idea who created the serum . It turns out Bowman was the one who obtained it for them . So , more questions . Yeah , about 1,000 more , starting with , if David Robert Jones is behind this , what 's he up to ? You mean assuming that creating a flying human-porcupine hybrid was not his end goal . Yes , and where is he recruiting these people from ? And are there more out there ? And who would sign up to become one of these things ? " And mankind gains dominion over all he surveys . " Yeah , what does that mean ? You said that Jones was a megalomaniac , that he has a God complex . Well , the fact that we 're here at all , that humanity evolved from slugs in the ocean - depending on who you talk to - is either a miracle ... or an accident . Maybe Jones is trying to take control of the situation . Agent Broyles ... what a lovely tie . Agent Dunham ... a word . Look , I 'm-I 'm sorry that I disobeyed your orders . I shouldn 't have got myself involved in that case . And if I hadn 't , then Lincoln would never have been injured . And I get it - there 's a lot that I need to catch up on . So , from now on , no matter what , I 'm going to listen to what you have to say . Are you done ? Yes . I 've been on the phone with the tenth floor for the past hour . What we 've decided is this ... If you 're 60 % of the Olivia I knew , you 're still better than 90 % of the agents I 've ever worked with . And a Fringe Division with an Olivia Dunham is better than a Fringe Division without her . - Thank you . - Good work today ... Agent . What is it ? You 're having second thoughts . Of course I am . It killed your brother . We have been over this . Something must have gone wrong . - Mel ... - We can be born anew . The two of us ... together . We can be children of the new world . Quiet , you two .
