 Previously on Fringe ... No , no , no , no , no . No , you can 't leave me . Not again . If we can send the boy into the future , when they study him , they will realize all that he is , and they will never go down that path . And the Observers will never exist . They will never invade . Michael is how were going to see Etta again . We 've still got a long way to go . These things we 've collected , How they can be used for the plan to defeat the Observers ? They are part of a device that we must build . There 's something I need you to do . This is the trigger I need . It 's an initiating reactor . It 's lost its charge . Without this piece , I cannot reset time . If your plan is successful , we will cease to exist . If our plan doesn 't succeed , they will cease to exist . After all this time the feelings you had for these people ... the feelings we all had , they have not grown in you ? When we first came , when we started to experience emotive development by being in this era , we agreed , the 12 of us , to speak nothing of it . You lost control , as did August . When we first came here we did not know the true nature of our expedition . We were not told . The people of this era , this is their destiny . Destiny can be changed . But you have to have the will to change it ... even if it requires sacrifice . I took a risk even coming to see you because I believe that the people of this era are worth saving . It needs to be at a 22 degree angle . 22 degrees . Can you hear me ? Blasted thing . What I wouldn 't give for a good , old-fashioned tumor-inducing cell phone . I can hear you . 22 degrees . Yeah , copy that . And make sure it 's on an even plane . Absolutely crucial . Okay . Stop . We 're there . What 's the energy meter reading ? You will see a red light on . Hello ? It 's me . Where are you ? We have the boy . We 're on our way . Once that news starts breaking I want to be out of here . I 'm gonna get a few things we 'll need and come directly to you . Good enough . We 'll speak soon . It 's me . Where are you at now ? We have the boy . We 're on our way . We have the boy . We 're on our way . Once the news starts breaking , I want to be out of here . I 'm gonna get a few things we 'll need and come directly to you . Here you are , sir . The checkpoints . Thank you , Carol . I , uh , I 'll be gone for the rest of the afternoon . Agent Broyles . I would like a word with you . You are aware we had a level one security breach today , resulting in the abduction of a high-value detainee from our facility . No . No , I didn 't know that . The fugitives knew precisely where we were holding the prisoner . You think that information came from someone in my division ? We are exploring all possibilities . I have heard whispers that the resistance operative known as " the Dove " may be among us . Well , if that were true , whoever it is should have been read and exposed long ago . I do not wish to keep you any longer from your duties . Remain vigilant , Phillip . Where have you been ? Why would he step off the monorail ? I mean , why would he do that ? He knows too much . He must have known that they wanted to harm him . Apparently ... there was a reason . There always is . I 've spoken to Anil and his men . The magnet has been positioned on the truck as you requested . We 're missing an important part . The initiating reactor 's core decayed substantially over the past 20 years . I enlisted help to secure another one from my time . An Observer ? One I trust . But one of you will need to retrieve it . So what is the initiating reactor ? It provides a surge of energy to start up the device . The purpose of this machine is to generate a singularity . Essentially , a small wormhole . And once it 's open , then we 'll be able to deploy the cylinders . They serve to stabilize each end . And one will remain here in our present as an anchor . The other one will be sent to a specific point in the future - 2167 . How do we get them to 2167 ? That 's what the magnet is for . It 's used as a launch platform . It will hold the cylinder at the precise axis it needs to be to enter the wormhole , ensuring that the cylinder reaches its destination . And the scrolls are to help us set those cylinders precisely . We 'll need two generators to power the magnet . All ready with Anil . If you 're gonna run the magnet off of two generators , they 're gonna have to be in perfect phase . We 'll need a synchroscope as well . I know that and I would have thought of that . It would be one of them , in there , probably near the fish tank . And Michael ? He will traverse the wormhole to 2167 . He 'll meet the scientist in Oslo , Norway . And that meeting will change the course of human evolution . How will he know who the scientist is ? There will be someone there to guide him . It 's Broyles . You good ? I 'm leaving for Boston . I 'm coming to you . This is Agent Pat Wilkins . I have him on the Spring Street Exit , number 49 . Northbound , lane two . Copy that , traffic control . Bravo unit is on standby to continue surveillance . Bravo unit has visual . He 's 200 meters ahead in the right lane . Copy that . Call us when you 're close . Peter 's gonna meet you at the entrance of the Steam tunnel . Broyles , are you there ? Can you hear me ? Hello ? They 're following me . Windmark is letting me lead them to you . I 'll lead them around as long as I can . But it 's only a matter of time before they realize I 'm not leading them to you . If I 'm caught , they 'll read me . I can protect my thoughts , but there 's only so long that 'll last . Okay , Windmark is not going to read you because we 're going to come and get you . The most important thing is the plan . Listen to me , Phillip , you need to tell me where you are . Olivia ... Just get it done . Just tell me wh - You heard him . If he 's captured , it 's only a matter of time before they know we 're here . Peter , start excavating that synchroscope . We need to go get the new initiator . And we need to gather everything that is required and leave . It 's our only chance . Peter , how are you doing with they synchroscope ? No synchroscope yet . But I found some sort of syringe . Any idea what that was for or why you had it ? I have no idea . This tape is addressed to me . It 's your handwriting . Peter , I sent you a letter . It contains something of mine . What letter , Walter ? I imagine you called me to ask why would you send such a strange letter ? And when you tried to call , I didn 't answer . So you came to find me at the lab . But I was not to be found . I was here one moment and vanished from the face of the earth the next . I want you to know I 'm fine . And living many , many years from now . What is this , Walter ? You will never see me again . You will never see me again because it had to be this way to ensure the future of our humanity . Your future . The future of Olivia . And the future of Etta . I don 't want you to be sad . The time we had together we stole . I cheated fate to be with you . And we shouldn 't have had that time together , but we did . And I wouldn 't change it for the world . I don 't want to say good-bye . But I will say ... I love you , son . I wasn 't truthful with you . I do know what that is . It 's an inoculation for time travel . I 'm taking the child Observer into the future , Peter . I was already inoculated in 2015 . I left this one in case something happened to me and someone else had to bring the boy across to complete the plan . Does it have to be this way ? Yes ! Why ? Because , Peter , the boy and I , we will become a paradox . Nature abhors a paradox . It has to heal itself . It does so by deleting me and the boy at the moment of the invasion . The boy and I will disappear after 2015 . So in order to maintain a future without the Observers ... you and Michael have to live out the rest of your lives in the future . I know in my soul this is what I am supposed to do . I want you to give Olivia your daughter back . I want to give you your life back . As a father , how could I not do that for you ? What I said on the tape about stealing time with you , I meant it . I wouldn 't trade it for the world . You are my favorite thing , Peter . My very favorite thing . Where 's the logbook ? You left it in the car . No , I didn 't . It 's in the room . Hang on a second . What happened to the part ? This was taken from one of the original 12 scientific expedition team . Your order to monitor the remaining members was wise . When December traveled to the future and procured this unit I was notified . What is this ? September is assembling a device with the fugitives . It is a trigger containing an atomic charge that is going to allow them to create a wormhole . They intend to reset time . He 's in the number six stairwell . B - unit , cover the 61st Street exit . Subject is moving on foot . Repeat , he 's in the number six stairwell . He knows that we know . You 're saying we can 't complete the plan because we 're missing one single piece ? Without the initiating reactor there 's no way we can open the wormhole . There 's simply not enough energy . I thought the rocks provided the energy . To sustain the reaction , not to trigger it . Like a car with a full tank and no sparkplug . We 're stuck . There must be some place we can find another ignition source . Or maybe we can make one of our own . It 's impossible . Nothing strong enough is available in this time period . Michael , I need your help . When I crossed over to rescue you , you looked at me like you expected me . You smiled ... like you knew I 'd come for you . Can you tell me what I should do next ? What about a shipping lane ? Of course . If we could gain control of the shipping lane , we can use that as our wormhole and everything else would work as planned . You are a genius ! This is the shipping manifest I decoded . It 's his schedule . It 'll give us the location and the time of the next shipment . So when is it opening ? Tomorrow morning at 6 : 08 a. m . 40.7787 North . 73.9776 West . It 's New York . Okay , Astrid , see what you can find out about the checkpoints . First we need an end dock stabilizer . What is an end dock stabilizer ? It looks like a cube . And you activate it at the location where the wormhole opens . I know exactly what you mean . If we recalibrate it , we can reverse the polarity and change the directional flow of the shipping lane so that it will send rather than receive . Anil ? Broyles . He 's been captured . I put out feelers . I 'll keep you informed . What does this mean for the plan ? It 's happening tomorrow morning . There 's one other thing we need first . Peter . Hold on to these tight . Anti-gravity osmium bullets . Shoot Observers with these and watch them float away like balloons . If we shoot ' em , they 're dead . Why do we want ' em to float away ? Because it 's cool . That makes sense , Walter . Okay . I 'll start loading the car . You gonna be okay ? Walter ? There 's something I wanna show you . Peter ... I want to talk to you . Gene . I was gonna let her out . But I was afraid that they would hear her moo . Yes . She does moo quite loudly . Especially after a meal . I at least wanted you to see her . You always know how to soothe me . You always have . Walter , this is not the end . We 're gonna win this . And when we do , we 'll be ... drinking strawberry milkshakes in the lab and not even gonna remember that this happened . That sounds lovely . It 's a beautiful name . What is ? Astrid . Before we arrived here we sent a team of 12 . Their mission was to observe and report . However , a strange phenomenon occurred . To some degree or other , they succumbed to irrational emotions . Your kind infected them . But not you . You seem to be impervious to everything . I will never speak of it again . But I will admit this to you , Phillip . I , too , feel something . I believe you call it ... Hate . The feeling is mutual . What ? Remember when I told you that we had a long way to go before seeing her again ? It 's not that long anymore . We 're gonna see her . We 're gonna have her back . Nothing else matters . He 's here . Hey . Hi . This is an air intake supply line . It leads to half the building . That 's enough , believe me . Good luck . We need to get going . We have to meet them . I gave myself the last inoculation . I 'm going with him , Walter . I 'm taking him into the future . I 've already told Peter about my decision . I know you once believed that this was your destiny , a price you had to pay . I need this . I have prepared myself for this . I 've been thinking about this since I first saw the boy again . Walter , 20 years ago when I agreed to let you be the one to take him , I didn 't have the feelings I have now . Later , when I began to realize the height of his intellect and what you call the depths of his emotion , still , I couldn 't understand what it was that I meant to him . And I was unable to reciprocate . When I saw you ... When I saw Peter and saw what he meant to you ... then I understood what my feelings were . And why they were important . I can 't communicate with him in the traditional ways . When I take his hand and I lead him ... He 'll know that I love him . That 's being a father . It 's not about fate , Walter . Yours or mine . It 's about changing fate . It 's about hope . And protecting our children . Think about them , Phillip . Think about where they are . They will understand you had no choice . It is acceptable . I am your ally . At the old Harvard University . Harvard University . They 're in the lab . They 're in the lab . Evacuate ! Clear the building ! This room is clear . Nothing . Keep moving down the hall . All clear on this end . Go down to the left ! Evacuate the building ! Let 's go , let 's go ! Keep going ! It is entering this wing . Evacuate . It just came after us ! Just keep moving ! Go ! I found one . Good . Because I found something too . We 're gonna get you out of here . You don 't know how lucky you are this room has no ventilation . Trust me . They 'll be setting up the corridor soon . We don 't have much time . Where are Peter and Olivia ? Olivia , where are you ? They 've got the cube ... and Agent Broyles . Anil , we 're in position . We have to hurry ! Team two , engage . Stand by . We got a vehicle on approach ! Incoming ! Coming through ! That 's an unauthorized vehicle ! Take it out ! Open fire ! We got a breach ! Negative , negative ! Suppressive fire ! All teams converge on main platform . Move , move , move ! Regroup , regroup ! Tighten your lines ! We got a man down . Stay with them ! Michael , stay down . Two down , and pull ' em in ! Return fire ! Flank ' em on the left . Let 's go ! Come on , move , move ! Peter ! Peter , look ! What did I say ? That is cool . Hold your fire . Regroup , regroup ! 2 : 00 , 2 : 00 ! Take ' em out ! Now , Walter ! Get the boy . Let 's go . I love you , Dad . I think that I would be happy to stay here for the rest of my life . We should probably get her home soon . Get her into a bath , which is never easy . I nominate you for that one . Etta ! It 's time to go . Come on , kiddo . It 's time to go home . You 're being silly .
