 Previously on Fringe ... When you asked me to come back to this world - with you , you said ... - That you belonged with me . And so I came back for you . And we started seeing each other . I thought she was you , Olivia . I 'm sorry . Olivia was never treated with Cortexiphan . I might have been . Walter , what did you do to us ? We believed that our world needed guardians . And that you children would be those protectors . I 'm sorry . - The First People . - By Seamus Wiles . " They made the ultimate discovery . " A mechanism containing both the power to create and to destroy . " This machine is dangerous . When we put the word out that we were looking for copies of the book , we found out we weren 't the only ones . - Who ? - William Bell . Hmm . Hmm . Hmm . The First People . You and your secrets . Yes , call Agent Dunham , please . So they all say essentially the same thing . Not essentially . Precisely . Despite being attributed to different authors . A fantastical idea and I have yet to uncover why William was pursuing it . That being said , it was information in the books that lead us directly to the coordinates where we recovered the pieces of the device . Which makes them impossible discount . I 've been thinking about the journal the other Olivia wrote while she was here . Perhaps her writing might shed some light . Uh , no . I read her file and she didn 't mention The First People or the device . Oh , I hadn 't realized . I ... imagine that must have been awkward , reading her account of her time with Peter . Though it seems somewhere along the way she did start to develop genuine feelings for him . I see . And did that surprise you ? No . I mean , I understand how that could happen . But ... But what ? Just makes me wonder if maybe he feels the me way . And I would understand if he did . I ... I was her for while and she 's ... She 's like me , but better . Oh , Olivia ... No , I mean , she still has her mother and she wasn 't experimented on as a child . And she can laugh . She has real friends . She even wears a dress every once in a while . Yes , but even so , you don 't know what Peter 's thinking . William and I ... We also had a complicated relationship . If there 's one thing I regret , it 's that we never honestly acknowledged how we felt about each other . Don 't make the same mistake that I did . If you want to know how Peter feels ... Ask him . Ah . What is it ? Ooh ! Hey , now you can finally get the real answers to the mysteries of the universe , Warren . Yeah . Tell me , oh eight-ball , will we get the Fowler Grant ? Oh . " Outlook not so good . " Thank you . Happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear Warren , happy birthday to you . Make a wish , Warren . I wish I never hear you guys sing again . - You 're very popular today . - Oh , yeah , once a year . Thanks , Grace . Gaah ! Ah ! Warren ? Ah ! Ah ! Corrected by icephoenix Ninety minutes ago , 911 received a call about a suspected biological attack . BPD responded , evac 'ed the building and set up a quarantine zone . - Any casualties ? - One . Dr. Warren Blake . A scientist working in the company 's RD department . The victim 's reaction doesn 't match any known biological or chemical weapon . But why would anyone kill a scientist ? What did we ever do ? Really ? Oh , my . Look at this . I feel nauseated . Yeah , this is pretty disgusting , even by our standards . I 'm not talking about the body . I fear I may have broken wind inside my suit . Hmm , this is curious . It would appear there isn 't a single bone left in this man 's body . This blue substance seems to be the culprit . The victim must have inhaled it . Which cause his bones to disintegrate ? Ingenious . It destroyed bone matter but was non-reactive with everything else . The work of a highly proficient chemist , no doubt . I found the source . That 's an odd delivery system . Bonus points for the creepy factor , though . This was definitely personal . It was his birthday . The card says , " From Madison . " So who 's Madison ? I don 't know . This was sent to Blake , but there 's no return address on it . What are you thinking ? That this is too big to go a mail drop . Did miss something ? Yeah , our first lead . Oh . Thank you . Broyles tracked the postal code . The package was sent from Chelsea two days ago , so I 'm just downloading the post office security footage . Okay . Let 's see if we can find our guy . " Dr. Warren Blake was noted " for his recent work in vaccinating thousands of people in underdeveloped countries . " This guy cured diseases . He saved lives . How come all the creeps go after the good guys ? Oh , my . How many times are you gonna test that ? Or is is just a way for you to break your diet ? Do you think I enjoy eating greasy fried food ? You 're right . But if I can figure out exactly what this substance is , then we may be able to determine where it comes from . Look . The molecules in the powder bond with calcium , but they also pear to be capsulized , which preserves the agent until it 's delivered into the host . And ... What ? Belly and I worked on a similar technique in the ' 70s when we were trying to find a way to vaccinate people without their knowledge . We discontinued the project when Tricky Dicky tried to use our research to develop biological weapons . You used to work for President Nixon ? It was uncomfortable . His wife ... kept coming on to me . Now , little lady , let 's see what makes you tick . Because if I 'm right , This is not some rogue 's creation at all . Astrid ... Could you run this for , please ? You found the suspect ? Good thing lunatics still use the postal service . Well , that makes two breakthroughs . I believe this military . - Ours , to be precise . - U.S. Military ? How could you suspect get his hands on something like that ? Because he 's a former Marine . His name is Aaron Downey . He doesn 't have a criminal record . He has a military one . So he used his clearance to get access to the powder . It 's not likely . He 's been out of the service for four years . Okay , what 's his last known address ? This is Dunham . I need a team in Quincy , now . Clear ! No chem or bio agents . We 're clear . No chem or bio ! Go ahead . Take the hall . Okay . Still hot . We just missed him . So how does a Marine end up a terrorist ? It says here that Downey 's service record was impeccable and then four years ago , he just abruptly resigned his commission . Does it say what he did after that ? No . He was off the grid for a couple of years . But when he did resurface , he bought this house . - All cash . - Interesting . So who is she ? She was obviously important to him . Maybe she knows where is . You okay ? Do you still think about her ? Excuse me ? Well , you 've bought me a hundred cups of coffee and you know that I take it black with one sugar , but this morning you bought me one with milk , and I 'm assuming that that 's the way the other Olivia likes hers . Yes . I think about her all the time . I think about how she used my feelings for you to manipulate me . How she lied to me and everybody else . No , before you knew she wasn 't me . She was fun , right ? She had an easier smile . I mean , that 's what you said . Olivia , I said that because I wanted you to know that I noticed the differences . But I thought it was because of me . Because of us . I thought that I was bringing out a different side in you . But it was never because I wanted to be with her more . Because I don 't . I 'm sorry about the coffee . Agent Dunham ? They 've got something downstairs . - Can you finish up here ? - Yeah . Military ordinance is serialized . And the serial numbers have been filed down . They 're stolen . So ... Where are the other three ? He 's here ! Freeze ! Freeze ! FBI ! Mr. Downey 's been stabilized , but there 's a fair bit of swelling in the brain , and that 's pushing down on the brain-stem , effectively cutting off the blood supply . So what are the chances that he 'll regain consciousness ? We just don 't know . The brain damage is substantial . May I see his medical chart ? - Sure . - Thank you . If he does come out the coma , he won 't be able to talk or swallow or even breathe without machine . Okay . Thank you , Doctor . So much for interrogating him . Hmm . What is it , Walter ? It says there 's still neural activity in the cerebrum . Low levels , but it 's there . I may know a way to question the suspect . But I 'll need to go back to the lab first to think about it . The woman in the photos at Downey 's house , it 's his ex-wife . She agreed to come in and talk to us . Walter , we 'll drop you off at the lab . This is Dr. Warren Blake . We found his body yesterday . Do you know him ? Uh ... He finally ... He finally did it . He said he was going to kill him . I just never took him seriously . I 'm sorry . What are you saying ? Aaron ... left the Marines to do some private contractor work . The money was really good , but he had to be overseas for a couple of years . When he got home , we wanted to start a family . It was great at first . I mean , I got pregnant and we bought a house . And then , um ... Seven months into the pregnancy ... Our baby died . Oh , I 'm so sorry . The doctor said that there was something wrong with Aaron . Some DNA pathogen that he passed on to our child . Aaron was convinced that it had something to do with his time overseas . He kept talking about a weapons project , that he must have been exposed to something . Dr. Blake was the scientist who oversaw it . Sara , did happen tell you the name that project ? No , Aaron never said . All he talked about was Dr. Blake . He blamed him for Maddy 's death . Maddy ? Madison . That was gonna be our daughter 's name . She died like all the others . What others ? There were two other men in Aaron 's unit . He never told me their names , but their babies died the same way . I 'm sorry to ask you this , but how did your daughter die ? They said it was some kind of bone disease . It left her without a skeleton . So we have three missing canisters and two men with a grudge . So you 're thinking revenge , too ? Well , he killed Blake with his own weapon . I 'm gonna call Broyles and see if he can dig up some of Blake 's old research grants . If we can find out more about this project , then maybe we can find the names of the other two men . Hello ? Peter ? I need to be picked up . Where are you calling me from , Walter ? Um , New Hampshire , I believe . Mile marker 259 on the I-89 . Peter , bring your wallet . I haven 't got any money and I 'm starving ! Walter , you still haven 't told us . Where exactly were you driving to ? I didn 't see the gas light come on . That wasn 't my question . In the Worcester Cortexiphan trials , there was a boy , Simon Phillips . He lives just up the road here . I believe he may be able to help us . Help us how ? Peter , don 't spill it . The paint on the car is very delicate . Broyles pulled all the names from the Worcester Cortexiphan trials months ago and I don 't remember a Simon Phillips . Because he wasn 't in the records . He didn 't complete the program . Simon was beginning to develop the ability to read minds . We hadn 't intended it to happen . No of the other children were affected in such a way . You threw him out of the trial , didn 't you , Walter ? Because you knew if he read your mind , he 'd know your secret . That you 'd taken me from the other side . Well , whether or not he completed the trial is inconsequential . He had the ability once . Well , how do you know that he can still access it ? It 's probably dormant , but if I can somehow reactivate Simon 's ability , then we could use him to read Downey 's mind , find out where the next attack 's coming from . Oh , look ! Punch buggy ! Blue . I don 't think this guy 's big on company . I 'm guessing you didn 't call ahead . Mr. Phillips ? Hello ? Walter , you don 't have to be nervous . I don 't even think he 's home . I 'm not nervous . It was a long car trip . Listen , I need to pee . How do we know that he still lives here ? Yes , I know who you are . No , I wouldn 't call it wonderful at all . Bacon , unicorns ... Peter 's birthday , dash of cinnamon , Z - two equals z-one squared plus c , Reiden Lake . What does that mean , huh ? - What are you trying to do to me ? - Nothing . It just my mind does that sometimes . You need to leave . Put your gun down . How come I can 't hear you ? Why can 't I read you ? She 's another Cortexiphan subject . Sometimes you children are immune to each other 's abilities . I know what it 's like . What 's wrong with him ? Every new thought he reads is an added stressor . To cope , his brain pumps adrenaline and cortisol into his system . Naturally , he experiences headaches , nausea , accelerated heart rate . That 's why he gets sick . How many more , Walter ? How many more are gonna come crawling out of the woodwork ? Thanks . You 're welcome . It 's refreshing you know , not , uh ... Not being able to read your mind . It 's the , um ... It 's the first real conversation I 've had in twenty years . So it started when I was about ten . It was , uh , small at first . Just hearing other kids thoughts at school , but then it kept getting worse , and now I can 't control it . I can 't turn it off . Whenever I get within fifty feet of another person , it 's like ... Is that why you live here ? Alone ? It 's the only place that 's quiet . You know how it feels to be burdened with something that makes it impossible for you to relate to another person ? That makes you feel completely alone in the world ? I can imagine . Simon , I know that dealing with our capabilities can sometimes be difficult , but ... They can also help people . Look , I don 't have to be able to read your mind to know that you want something . What is it ? We need you to help with an investigation . We need you to read a suspect 's mind . No , I don 't think so . Please , Simon , come back to Boston with me . A city the size of Boston ? You got to be joking . All those thoughts , they 're like millions of needles in my brain . I 'm sorry . There 's gotta be another way . Look , I know what I 'm asking of you , but , Simon , I 'm afraid that if you don 't help us , more people will die . Please . Can you believe Barry pulling this on us last-minute ? Emergency board meeting at five o 'clock ? I 've got dinner in the city in an hour . The 93 is gonna be brutal . Is this a joke ? " Happy birthday from Carla . " All non-critical patients in the lobby ! Take Mr. Johnson to the cafeteria . - We 've got the beds set up there . - Okay . Ahh , we are moving them as quickly as we can . Thank you . Can I ask what this is for ? We need a mind reader to help us find a bomb . We should think of backup plan . You got any ideas ? It 's not working , is it ? Maybe if you , uh ... ask him a question . Okay . Aaron , can you focus on my voice ? Can you hear me talking to you ? The doctor says there 's something wrong with our baby . It 's completely oxidized . Aaron ... Who are you working with ? Who else was a part of the project ? You okay ? Get me a pen . Well , what about the plate of vegetables ? Let 's just assume for right now that the vegetables are inconsequential . Was there any reference in Downey 's file to Maryann ? No . Okay , what about Project Jellyfish ? Jellyfish are one of few creatures without any bones . The weapons program Blake and Downey worked on . Yeah , that 's got to be it . Broyles . He can barely function around people . The Cortexiphan trials ruined his life . He 's broken . Olivia , I know what you 're thinking . You and he are nothing alike . There 's been another attack . Same M.O. The powder killed three senior executives at Canopy One . Canopy One the defense contractor ? You think that 's who 's funding the weapons project that Downey and the others were working on ? I don 't know . I 'm gonna call Nina Sharp . She 's had more experience with the Defense Department than I have . Let me know if you two turn anything up . Okay . - Hi . - Did it help ? We don 't know yet . We 're , uh ... We 're hoping so . Who is she ? You had drawings of her in your cabin . She works at a coffee shop by my house . What 's she like ? She 's perfect . You haven 't met her , have you ? I see her sometimes when I drive by . Is it because you think it would be too painful ? Look , even if she pretended to be nice or to be my friend or even flirted with me out of some kind of pity , I would know how she really feels . That I 'm too much of a freak for her to even consider being with . But ... But you don 't know that . That 's what you 're afraid is gonna happen . And so what if you find out that ... That she 's not interested , or that there 's somebody else on her mind , or that she doesn 't love you . I mean , isn 't it ... Isn 't it better to know ? No one should know exactly what someone else is thinking . Probably not , but I wouldn 't mind having that ability right now . Officially , Project Jellyfish never existed . You brought me all the way out here to tell me that ? No . Send Agent Edwards in , please . I might have guessed that this involved the CIA . It doesn 't . But Nina asked me to do some digging . And we both know what what Nina Sharp wants , she gets . So . Jellyfish . It was a weapons project . Three men carried out the live field tests . How did they survive ? Apparently they were inoculated . But when they tried to start families ... The toxin affected their unborn children . Now , couldn 't find anything in Downey 's personal file you haven 't already seen . But I found something in the D.O.D. payroll database . Turn to the last page . In addition to a large cash payment , Downey was given three acres of government land . Farm land at Pembroke , twenty-five miles south of Boston . How 's it coming ? Are we good ? Yeah , we 're good . We 're fine . The powder is fully oxidized . Jeez . The vest would allow them to spread the powder themselves . Yeah , in large quantities . Yeah , looks like they got bigger plans than just three guys in an elevator . And then there 's this . Looks like a map of their next target , right ? Maybe an overhead view . Dunham ! Congressman Jim Thorn . Isn 't he a former Army General ? He was Senior Military Advisor to the Joint Chiefs at the time of Project Jellyfish . So you think he approved the project ? I need to alert Thorn 's detail . Didn 't Simon write something down about Maryann ? What ? When Simon was reading Downey mind , Didn 't he say he saw the image of the name Maryann ? Yeah , why ? Because I think I just found her . That 's the Fine Arts Museum . Okay , so what does the museum have to do with Congressman Thorn ? He 's holding a fundraiser . It 's an event for three hundred of his top donors . It started half an hour ago . I 'm not going home , am I ? Peter 's inside briefing the Congressman . How good a shot are you ? Uh , I 'm okay . Why ? If either of those two guys have a hand trigger , You 're only gonna get one shot . Put it through the mouth to sever the spinal cord . That way the suspect won 't have a chance to detonate . Are you sure he 's up for this ? I hope so . Because without Simon , we can 't identify the suspects . If Simon can 't do it ... You get out there . Agent Dunham with the FBI . - Where 's Congressman Thorn ? - Inside . We 've already been through this with your Agent Bishop . Then why haven 't you taken him to safety ? You ever try telling a four-star General to take a death threat seriously ? This is not a threat . I 've already seen what these guys are capable of and everyone here is at risk . So you keep him in the back . The tall one thinks you 're hot . We 're making our way to the ground floor . Copy that . Okay . It 's okay . You can do this . Hey , you 're not supposed to be here . - This area is for staff only . - Oh , I 'm sorry . We 're just looking for the restroom . He 's had a little bit too much to drink . Who is she ? A cop ? I have to get out . - The restroom 's downstairs . - Thank you . That 's him . - What ? - That 's him . - Are you sure ? - Yeah . Okay . You wait here . Damn it . Suspect one 's down , but he 's not wearing the vest . The other suspect must be carrying the toxin . Copy that . I going back out there with Simon . She 'll be all right , Peter . Where 's Thorn ? Something 's not right . This is not how it 's supposed to go . - Where 's Dillon ? - He 's here . Something is definitely wrong . There . Blue tie . Thorn should be here by now . I 'm sorry , sir . You can 't come through here . Oh , I 'm looking for my wife . I think she went out onto the balcony . You 'll need to use a different exit . Coffee . Black , one sugar . Thank you . And I 've been meaning to tell you ... You look great in the dress . Thank you . It doesn 't have to be like this , you know ? Living out here the way that you do . I guess what I 'm trying to say is that you should go and talk to that girl . You still don 't understand , Olivia . We 're not supposed to know what people think . Simon , don 't let your ability stop you from living your life . I may not be able to read your mind , but I read his . This is what it 's like to be me . No . I can see you didn 't bring your bowling shoes . That 's gonna ba problem if you intend break 100 . Maybe next time . Tonight , I have a different problem . Tell me about the first people . Start with why those books seem to indicate that you wrote them , then move on to what the device is intend for . So you found it . You never to me about this . Ahem . I 'm not your problem . Peter Bishop is . Go on . Okay . What I can tell you is this : That device can either be used as a tool of creation or as a weapon or destruction . Depends on your point of view . And Peter Bishop is uniquely tuned to operate it . Whatever frequency Peter 's vibrating at will determine how the machine reacts . And what determines Peter 's frequency ? Depends on his state of mind , which , in turn , will depend on who he ends up with . Olivia from here or Olivia from over there . Whichever one he chooses , it 'll be her universe that survives . So in that case , there 's no cause for concern . He 'll choose our Olivia . I wouldn 't be so sure of that .
