 Previously in Fringe ... The First People ... You 're holding one of the last copies . What are we talking about ? Adam and Eve ? No , before dinosaurs . They were the first people . " They were a people of great technological prowess who made the ultimate discovery . " Walternate had said that it was a very powerful piece of ancient tech . This machine is dangerous . Which is why we need to understand it . When I touched that device on the other side , it came alive in my hands . How can you expect me to ignore that ? Walter didn 't have brain tissue implanted . He had it removed . What are you doing , Walter ? I 'm making myself smarter . If I can think like Walternate , I can figure out what he 's trying to do with that device . The picture of me in the device . What does it mean ? What 's going to happen to me ? Clearance and I.D. Do you have any chewing gum ? Excuse me ? I 'm sorry . He 's got this thing with his ears . It 's not a thing with my ears . I 've got a blocked eustachian tube . And it 's a perfectly natural reaction . Any flavor will do , although I 'm rather partial to grape . Welcome back , colonel Broyles . We 've tried a dozen different power sources . And there were no reactions at all ? We 've run all the diagnostics . The machine continues to be unresponsive . Miss Sharp , your guests are here . Expand the telemetry parameters and run the tests again . I understand you broke the encryption on the computer the other Olivia left behind . A few days ago . Peter gave us a number of password suggestions . One worked . Oh ? Yeah . It was a song lyric . And Fauxlivia ruined u2 for all of us . Fauxlivia ? That 's what Walter 's calling her now . " Fauxlivia " as in " fake Olivia . " Ah . Uh , the data on the computer . What did you find ? Unfortunately , it 's one big file , mission details buried in hundreds of pages of mundane observations about our world . We don 't know what 's valuable and what isn 't . And we can 't identify any type of code . Oh , my . It 's bigger than I imagined . Well , I suppose ... It 's just big enough to destroy a couple of universes . So far , we haven 't been able to figure out how the machine works . NASA , the CIA , the nih . We 've had the government 's top people at our disposal . Which are you ? Excuse me ? Which agency do you work for ? Walter , this is Dr. James Falcon , our lead scientist on this project . Oh . Well , I suppose that makes me your boss . I 'm Dr. Walter Bishop . Sorry for the interruption . Please continue . As I was saying , we 're confounded . There doesn 't seem to be an energy source and nothing that suggests the machine can hold or transmit any type of power . Jack , are you getting this ? Yeah . Some kind of electromagnetic spike . Well , we think the problem must be the missing piece . The one that the other Olivia stole . That could be right . The piece was right from the center of the machine . So it could be the power source . Did the other Olivia mention the machine in her files ? We 're still working through the data . God . It 's like ... Something triggered it . Something did trigger it . Me . Peter . You 've been out ? No , I just came downstairs . I couldn 't sleep . I thought I heard the door . You must 've been dreaming . I don 't think so . I wasn 't sleeping either . Is that peanut butter ? Can I have one ? Mm-hmm . How you feeling ? Any more nosebleed ? No . Headaches ? No . But you 're unable to sleep ? Yes , but I don 't think that has anything to do with the machine , Walter . Might . We don 't know yet . We don 't know anything . The First Peoples book . I read it cover to cover a dozen times . There 's nothing to suggest how that device works or how it 's connected to you . Walter , stop , please . I want answers too . And I know you want to help me , but I don 't think that you can this time . You can 't protect me from everything . Only a couple more , Mr. Bishop . You still haven 't convinced me that this is necessary . Every human being gives off a unique electromagnetic signature . We 're testing to see if it was indeed your son 's that triggered the machine . I have a graduate degree from mit as well . I don 't need a test to know how unlikely it is that this has got anything to do with electromagnetics . Walter . Peter . Do you have any idea how much radiation you 're about to be exposed to ? Well , I do now , Walter . Walter , I think you 're overreacting . May I have a word in private , please ? We can 't fire him , Walter . He 's one of the most gifted biomedical engineers in the country . I don 't care who he is . I don 't want him poking and prodding my son . I know you 're worried about Peter . I 'm not worried , Nina . I 'm terrified . Did you see the way that machine reacted to him ? That is precisely why we 're running these tests . This is a waste of time . It 's not going to tell us anything . Nina , I need you to do something for me . I 've been trying to regenerate my brain cells . But William was too clever for that . He not only took out pieces of my brain , he inhibited their ability to replicate . Walter ... But Belly kept detailed notes of everything he did . I want to see his research to know how to reverse what he did to me . To regrow my brain cells . Walter , that 's more than 15 years ago . I 'm not whole , Nina . If I 'm to figure out how Peter is connected to the machine , I have to get smarter . It 's the only way I 'll be able to help my son . Yes . I 'll get on it right away . Thank you . Hey . Hey . You okay ? Oh , yeah . Yeah , I 'm great . In fact , I think I might use my newfound superpowers to make this machine levitate . Oh , well , now that would be impressive . I tried to call you last night and you didn 't pick up . Oh . Yeah . Walter was being Walter . I had to go for a walk . We 're ready . Do you want something to help you to sleep ? This may take a while . No . I 'm okay . Thanks . Peter , relax . This procedure 's perfectly safe . I 'm sorry , doc . You 'll forgive me if I 'm a little bit leery of machines right about now . I understand . Okay , well , I 'm gonna be right outside . I see Dr. Bishop leaves the high intensity work for you . Agent Broyles . You know they 're all over at Massive Dynamic . I know . I came to speak with you . For the past two days , an encryption team has been waiting for the data on the other Olivia 's hard drive . Yeah . I hear it 's one big mess . More than 300 pages of material . Details about this world . Profiles on our people . Mission specifics . It 's difficult to know what information 's important . Well , I 'm happy to help . I knew you would be . And we certainly could use your skills . But there 's a reason I haven 't already asked . Her mission logs are filled with personal observations . And many of them concern her relationship with Peter . And given what Peter and our Olivia have been through ... I understand . I 'll be discreet . The file is on the mainframe . Broyles . I 'll be right there . Yes . I admit his rate is a bit high . 130 beats per minute is hardly a bit high . I want you to take him out of that machine right now . Dr. Bishop , it 's a very narrow tachycardia . It 's hardly life-threatening . It would be ridiculous to stop testing for this . Okay , so what is going on ? Peter 's heart rate is a bit elevated . I assumed it was nerves at first , but he should 've stabilized by now . Are you saying that his heart rate could have triggered the machine ? No , I don 't see how it could have . But it is curious and implies we should do more tests . By all means . Let 's use my son as a new Massive Dynamic lab rat ! Walter , I don 't think the doctor was ... Dunham . I 'm on my way . Okay . I 've got to go . Can you call me if you learn something new ? His name was MichaelBaird . He was found dead in the fountain by a colleague . M.E. Thinks he was murdered some time around 3 : 00 A.M. So what 's with the dead fish ? He died of Mercury poisoning . Mercury ? He 's a shapeshifter . That 's not all . Turn him over , please . His data storage disk was removed . Thank you . Whoever did this knew what they were doing . So why would someone kill a shapeshifter ? You mean someone other than us ? Okay . What if this was Walternate ? What if he sent over some type of cleaner to tie up all the loose ends ? To kill this guy before we ... Before we learned what he knew . What are you thinking ? This is Astrid . Agent Farnsworth , I need you to run a search on the other Olivia 's data file . Okay . What 's the name ? MichaelBaird . Yeah , he 's on here . He 's on a long list of port authority employees . Shut down the mainframe . Shut it down now . And from this moment on , no one accesses that file except you . What 's going on ? We cracked the encryption on the other Olivia 's hard drive 36 hours ago . Among the info , she lists thousands of names . MichaelBaird is one of them . Suppose Walternate knew we were getting close to identifying the list of shapeshifters on that drive . How would he know that ? Because someone on our side may have told him . We got a mole . Well ? I 'd cut back on fried foods . But your lab work , the e . E.G. Readings , it all looks pretty standard . Nothing to indicate you and the machine share an electromagnetic signature . And there 's nothing out of the ordinary ? Well , like I told your father , your heart rate was a bit elevated . But that could be adrenaline , nerves , stress . Doctor , come on , when I got within 50 feet of that machine , things started flying around the room . My nose started bleeding . You 're honestly trying to tell me that that 's just a coincidence ? No . I 'm telling you we still have no idea how any of that happened , but from a medical standpoint , you seem perfectly normal . I 'm willing to run more tests . But , frankly , I thought you 'd be relieved . Well , hey , you 're the doctor . Peter . Agent Dunham called . They found a dead shapeshifter . She thinks someone on the inside must be feeding Walternate information . Let 's go . Thank you . You 're welcome . We assume the shapeshifter was killed because someone knew it was just a matter of f time before we ID 'd him . We need to round up anybody who had access to the other Olivia 's hard drive . We 're already on it . All the FBI decryption teams . Anybody in Massive Dynamic . Okay , Peter . Trust me , we 're on top of it . We 're questioning every one of them as we speak . In fact , that 's what Walter and Nina are doing at Massive Dynamic now . What about the rest of her file ? Does it mention any other shapeshifters other thanBaird ? Well , Newton 's mentioned . And if there are two of them , we 're assuming there are more . But there are hundreds of names throughout the file . Just lists of government employees , local cops . We 're running profiles on all of them now . We 're looking for anything that might indicate a recent change in behavior . Anything which would suggest having been replaced by a shapeshifter . All right , well , it looks like a big job . So how can we help you sift through the data ? Um , it 's probably not a good idea . Why not ? Because she wrote about me . Yeah . Some parts of this read like a diary . You 're quite prominent . We should get to Massive Dynamic . Okay , well , call me if you find something . State your full name , please . Special agent Matthew Nicholas Goldin . Does the name " Michael Baird " mean anything to you ? No , it does not . Where were you born ? Brooklyn , New York . How many more are there ? 22 of our people . Another 7 from the FBI . So far , all the blood tests have come back negative . But that doesn 't rule out the possibility of a human mole . Lie detectors are unreliable . He 's right . People beat them all the time . Not this one . William designed it . It measures the slightest shift in facial muscles , which allows us a link to stress and a particular emotion . His facial muscles tell us that his stress is not connected to feelings of guilt or shame . Very clever . I wish I 'd thought of it . We need to keep everybody in custody until we find the leak . There are nearly 30 people on the list . I 'm not sure that 's practical . Do you actually want to catch this mole , Nina ? Do you know the identity of any shapeshifter ? No , I don 't . Do you know anything about the murder ... Walter , do you have a moment ? Yes . Yes , of course . Have you ever given anyone information to assist in the murder of a shapeshifter ? No , I haven 't . You were right . I found William 's research . His notes suggest that he designed a retroviral serum based on your DNA that will regrow your brain tissue . That 's wonderful . Oh , thank you , Belly . Walter , William experimented with lab animals first . A rat and a chimpanzee . Now , back in the ' 90s , we had a small lab fire . The original labels were destroyed . I 'm going to ask the lab to run diagnostics on all three . Then they should be able to tell us which one was made for you . Walter . Don 't worry . I 've snorted worse . A few good whiffs and my brain should be able to begin to regrow its missing parts . And what if the serum is not based on your DNA ? Well , I 'll probably get a rash . Well , I 'm afraid we 've got a bigger problem on our hands . I 'm worried about Peter . So am I. But that 's what this is all about . Peter has endured a lot recently . Maybe he should talk with someone . No , what I 'm trying to say is there are people that are trained to help . Nina , he 's my son . I 'm the one that needs to help him . Do you know anything about the murder of MichaelBaird ? No . How long have you been in the FBI ? About five years . Peter . And you never heard of MichaelBaird before I brought his name up ... About the other Olivia 's files , I know that you slept with her and I know that you 're trying to protect me . But reading about it isn 't going to make it worse . Peter , I 'm not doing any good here . But if I could help Astrid with the files ... Olivia . I 've conned people . And I know what I would 've written about them . She must 've thought that I was a fool . And I don 't want you to see me like that . All right , we 're done . That 's it . We 've talked to everybody . We should call Broyles and tell him . What about Dr. Falcon ? Dr. Falcon wasn 't on the team that worked on the hard drive . Maybe not , but he was asking questions about it yesterday at the hangar . Hey , it 's me . Uh , could you send Dr. Falcon up , please ? Why not ? What ? Dr. Falcon left work early . Clear . The exact same as MichaelBaird . Two shots in the head and his data storage unit had been removed . You 're right . Dr. James Falcon . He 's on here . He 's part of a list of Massive Dynamic employees . Dr. Falcon 's name is on her computer . So if Walternate 's knocking these guys off , they must know something important . Damn . Yeah . Tell Walter I feel the same . That 's not about the shapeshifters . Walter 's giving himself an iq test . Okay . Well , Falcon 's body is being taken to the lab . So when Walter finishes exercising his mind , can you get him to take a look ? Maybe he can find something that will help us identify the killer . Of course . Astrid 's still going through her files . But so far no luck identifying the remaining shapeshifters . Yeah . The techs are drawing a blank too . I don 't think we 're gonna find anything in here that 's gonna tell us who Falcon was working with . God , it feels like every time we learn something new , we 're still a step behind . If we could get to one of these shapeshifters , maybe we could finally get answers . My bone saw , dear . The aspirator , voltmeter , and a ripe banana . Please tell me the banana 's for you . I had a sudden craving . It 's odd though . Bananas are typically my least favorite fruit . Oh , news . Yeah , but it 's not good . Another 20 names have been cross-checked from Fauxlivia 's files . None of them are shapeshifters . So you 've read all of Olivia 's files ? Yeah . Most of them . What did she have to say about me ? She liked you . She thought that you were kind and brilliant . Would you help me with him , please , dear ? Walter . Oh . I 'm sorry . That was very rude . I was displaying dominance . 'Scuse me ? The serum I took . It must 've been meant for a chimpanzee . You mean it 's growing chimp DNA in your brain ? Well , just a bit . It 's fascinating though , isn 't it ? How the tiniest change in our composition can yield such drastic changes in our behavior . It 's not surprising , really . After all , we share 50 % of our DNA with a banana . You sure it isn 't dangerous ? No . It 'll pass . My immune system will recognize it as foreign and reject it . So ... The bone saw , please . Hmm . What is it ? I 'm not sure . Magnify ... Looks like blood . So this must 've been how he got in . It looks like he used a knife to Jimmy open the window . Which would suggest that he and Dr. Falcon were strangers or otherwise he would 've used the front door , right ? Hmm . Peter . I owe you an apology . For what ? The last few weeks have been really hard for me . I 've been so focused on what the other Olivia did to me that I just haven 't thought about what she did to you . Look , Olivia ... And I want you to know that I 'm sorry and that I get it now . That good news is is that she 's gone . I know it doesn 't feel like that at the moment , but she is gone . And , um , we can get past it . Thank you . I got to do more tests at Massive Dynamic . Do you want me to drive you ? No . I 'll just take the train . But could you call Walter and let him know I 'll be home late and not to worry ? Mm-hmm . Thank you . Dunham . It 's me . We just found blood under Dr. Falcon 's fingernails . So the killer is human ? Appears so . Type " A " positive . It 's fairly common . I 'm " A " positive along with 1 / 3 of the population . I 'm searching Massive Dynamics' personnel files now and there is only one person with that blood type who had access to Fauxlivia 's files . Brandon Fayette . Nina Sharp 's chief scientist . Spare some change , lady ? Yeah . Sure . Don 't move . Can I swallow ? Hey , Bermudez . Have you ever killed a shapeshifter ? No . I 've been going to the gym though . I 'm kind of stoked you 'd think I 'd have that kind of strength . You can keep asking me questions . The machine isn 't gonna give you a different answer because I didn 't do it . He 's right . Machine says he 's telling the truth . Hi . What have you got ? It 's not Brandon . We questioned him and he passed the polygraph . Well , that 's not unheard of . Lots of people defy a polygraph . Not this one . Okay , which one of these haven 't you gone through ? I understand why nobody wants me to read these files . But what 's written here is in the past and what is important is the future . Somewhere in here are the names of the remaining shapeshifters . And we 're running out of options . Yes . And we have to find them before whoever 's killing them does . Believe me . I know . Broyles is calling me every 20 minutes to tell me the same thing . At this point , it 's not just the shapeshifters that I 'm worried about . I mean , if we can find the next target and surveil him , maybe we can catch this guy . Look , I am really thankful for your help . Seriously . But I 've been through this whole stack already . But I 'm not just another set of eyes . We 're the same . The other Olivia and me . I should be able to think the same way . So maybe I 'm gonna be able to find a pattern . Hello ? Walter , it 's Nina . Nina . I was just thinking about you . The first sample is definitely chimpanzee . You can label it now . First sample ? Belly 's serum . I 'm ready for round two . Actually , I was calling for Peter . He 's not with you ? Has he finished the tests already ? Finished ? No , no , that 's why I 'm calling . I wanted to schedule a round of tests . But Olivia said ... I must 've misunderstood . Walter , I understand how you feel about this testing . And I know that Peter is reticent as well . But I also know that you understand why these tests are so important . Will you tell him I called ? Yes . I 'll give him the message . You okay ? " It 's strange , " but at moments when I 'm with PB , " I find myself forgetting what I 'm here for . " PB 's different than I expected him to be . " A sincerity behind his eyes . " A deep-seated goodness . " It 's hard not to get caught up in it . Not to get caught up in him . " You know , this may have started out as a mission , but it turned into something else . She was starting to have real feelings for him . Olivia ... No , I mean , and he 's a great guy . And , of course , we 're the same . She would see what I see . We speak the same . We use the same phrases . I 'm reading this and I 'm thinking " This is how I make sense of things . Make sense of feelings . Of Peter . " We even use the ... Olivia ? Okay . I think I got something . You need the original printout of the file . Exactly what am I looking for ? When I was a little kid , my mother used to call me olive and hers did too . So I think this is a letter substitution code . So o-I-I-v-e . Uh , " O " is the 15th letter of the alphabet . So on the 15th page , the 15th name is ... It 's Newton . " L " is the 12th letter of the alphabet . 12th name on the 12th page . MichaelBaird . And " I " is the 9th letter in the alphabet . The 9th name on the 9th page . James Falcon . The 22nd name on the 22nd page is Jackie Bermudez . And the last one is Zach Alpert . Okay , we got them . Hello , my friend . I was expecting you . Where you getting your information ? How did you find me ? I know who you are , Peter . You might think that we 're not allowed to kill you . But that doesn 't mean that we can 't hurt you . We can get everything we need from you even if you only have nine fingers ... Or one eye . Peter . Broyles . Jackie Bermudez 's apartment was empty . We got a team sitting on it in case she comes back . Damn it . You okay ? Yeah . So five shapeshifters . How 'd you break the code ? There 's only five letters in " olive . " Newton , Baird , Falcon are dead . Bermudez is missing . So that leaves one . How 'd you find me , Walter ? I found your notes . Fauxlivia 's file . You left ... They were right on your desk . I 'm smart enough to open a phone book . I looked the man up . You killed them all , didn 't you , Peter ? And it 's been useless . I didn 't learn anything from the rest of the data disks . But he 's the last one . He must know something . Peter ... I have to know what they know , Walter . I 'm tired of being reactive . Son , this isn 't you . You can 't just ... They 're soldiers , Walter . They 're here to kill us . Besides , they 're not even human . And I 'm not doing anything wrong . Then why didn 't you tell us ? If you weren 't doing anything wrong , why didn 't you tell us ? I don 't know what 's happened , but this is not you . Hello . Peter , it 's me . Good news . We identified the last two shapeshifters . We 're heading to Zach Alpert 's apartment . It 's in revere . I 'll let you know if we find him . We failed . He got all of them and now he 's gone . We don 't know who he was . We 're always just a step behind . Well , we still have the other Olivia 's computer . Maybe Astrid can learn something . Okay . I should get home . Bye , Walter . Bye . Peter , I read her file . And you should know that you have nothing to be embarrassed about . Thank you . I think I know what 's happening to you . Every relationship is reciprocal , Peter . When you touch something , it touches you . You 're changing , son . When you touched the machine , it changed you . It weaponized you . So what do we do now , Walter ? I don 't know . I understand you have news on the device . Not exactly , but we found these three copies of the First Peoples book . Where did we find them ? One was in a museum . The others , private collections . The owners did not want to part with them . But it kind of helps when you have unlimited funds . And they all say the same thing ? It 's in three different languages written by three different authors . They 're all published within two years of each other . So forgiving for the translations , they 're almost literally word for word . And what do you make of it ? A civilization that existed millions of years before the dinosaurs ? The planet has been spinning for five billion years . We 've only been around for the past 250,000 . There were six major extinction events before we even crawled out of the slime . So who 's to say that one of them didn 't wipe out a great civilization ? Hmm . There 's another thing . When we put the word out that we were looking for copies of the book , we found out we weren 't the only ones . A few years ago , somebody started a similar search . Who ? William Bell . Ah .
