 Agent Lee ? Olivia Dunham . Previously on Fringe ... What division are you in ? I am not leaving here without some answers . Sometimes answers ... lead to more questions . The timeline has been rewritten . He was erased , and yet traces of him continue to bleed through . There was a man in the mirror ! He was here , and then he was gone . I saw him ! What 's with the redecoration ? - Aah ! I 'm here , Walter . Right here . Please , help me . Walter ? You didn 't answer my question . I asked if you 've been keeping up with the new medication I prescribed for you . Yes . For the most part . With my own modifications , of course . Why ? Well , you just seem a little bit distracted . Well , yes ... as you ask . You 've come at an extremely inopportune time . I 'm in the middle of some very important work , and I 'm anxious to resume . I appreciate that , Walter . But these monthly evaluations are also important . Well , yes , I know . It was a condition you imposed on my release from St. Claire 's . I mean personally important . You were under my care there for ... most of your 17 years . These sessions allow me to catch up with you , see how you 're doing . Now ... I 've been perusing the latest observational reports from the agents assigned to you , and they mention certain patterns of unusual behavior . Well , o-occasionally , I have a unique way of doing things which can be misinterpret - Tell me about the mirrors . Mirrors ? And the television ? Virtually every reflective surface in and around your lab has been covered or obscured by you . Naturally , I covered them up . I - it 's an experiment I 'm conducting on - So this had nothing to do with your lab being haunted . Beg your pardon ? According to the report , you claimed on more than one occasion to have seen a strange man in the lab , a man no one else has seen , and that sometimes ... the man speaks to you . Oh ... just minor hallucinations , of course , by my self-medication . That was weeks ago . I - I 'm much better now . So you haven 't had any more of these hallucinations since ? No . Walter , it is important that you be completely honest with me so that I can make an assessment of your state of mind and I can make recommendations for your continued care ... Whatever that may be . You 're dead , Sneddon . You hear me ? You better run , rat ! We 're gonna beat your ass ! Wait up a minute , man . You run like a little girl . Keep up . We got him now . He went in there . Oh , he 's like so dead . There he is . Picked a bad place to hide , dumb ass . Just leave me alone , guys . Or what ? I know it was you , you little freak . You got me busted for the stash in my locker . Come on , Matt . Kick his ass . You had this coming ... Uh ... something touched my leg ! It 's probably just a bug or something . Tough it out . Dude , what is this ? What the hell is this ? Huh ? Hey . Working a case ? Something like that . Mm-hmm . Hmm . I got , uh , word you wanted to see me ? We get any news on the shape shifter attack ? Uh , no . I just wanted to check in with you , see how you 're handling everything . I know you 've been going through the case files , getting up to speed . I understand that it can be kind of overwhelming . It 's hard when what you knew or what you thought you knew about the world ... no longer holds . And I just wanted you to know that I 'm here . You 're ... Here ? Yeah . To talk to , you know ? I mean , just if things are getting a little too much or if you 're freaked out ... I 'm ... not freaked out . Oh . Good . Okay . Well , you just let me know . If I freak out , I - yeah , you ... you 'll be the first to know . Dunham . We 've got two bodies . 12-year-old boys . How many months since they 've been missing ? Not months . Hours . Somewhere between 10 and 15 , according to the reports their families made when they didn 't come home last night . Agent Broyles ? Agent Farnsworth is ready for you . Has Dr. Bishop come up with any theories yet on cause of death or the bodies ' advanced state of decomposition ? Walter , Agent Broyles wants to know if - Yes , yes , I heard him . Will you tell Agent Broyles that as there appears to be no unusual environmental factors to explain the rapid deterioration , that it is absurd for me to make any determination without first examining the remainders ! Okay , Walter said he - tell him , for all I know , it could be viral or a mutation of some flesh-eating bacteria . He thinks that - some kind of alien parasite or ... Bigfoot . Bigfoot ! That 's it . Astrid , perhaps you can look around for massive fecal droppings , huh ? He doesn 't have any theories , sir . I think I got something . There 's a third set of sneaker treads leading in ... and then out . Size 7 , 8 , maybe . Then we have a potential witness . Or another victim . Even if there was another boy that got away , he could still be infected by whatever killed the other two . Point taken . We need to find him fast . Yeah . If he 's alive . Oh ! Remarkably pungent stench . I 'm gonna ... get some scented candles . Agent Broyles . It was good of you to accompany Astrid , although unnecessary . Agents Dunham and Lee are tracking down the identity of the boy who fled the scene . I thought I 'd take the opportunity to check in on you . Oh ... How nice . May I ask why ? You had your evaluation with Dr. Sumner last night . He called me afterwards to voice some concerns . Concerns ? He thought you seemed unusually agitated by something you were reluctant to confide . I - I can 't imagine what gave him that impress - Walter ? Where 's the second body ? On its way to the morgue . I assumed one was sufficient for your examination . Not-not sufficient at all . I - it 's quite the opposite . I need both bodies . Walter . What ? What ? Did you say something ? I asked why you need both bodies . Because - Walter , listen to me . Walter , do you see me ? Only by ... Comparison ... Walter , I can hear you . Will I be able to determine ... Where are you ? If there are patterns to the decomposition of the tissue ... Listen ... Or the putrefaction of the internal organs , it may well be that the victims perished at different intervals . Dr. Bishop . And one of them may be a carrier ! I want to come home . I am not losing my mind ! I would appreciate you arranging to have the second remains sent here as soon as possible . Excuse me . Broyles . It 's Olivia . We have a lead on the third boy . This morning another student told the principal that the two victims had been talking about plans to beat a kid up . His name is Aaron Sneddon . He 's ten years old . He said it was pretty dark and he didn 't see much after the boys chased him into the tunnel . Why didn 't he tell anyone what happened ? His parents ? Well , he has no father , and his mother is out of the country . Aaron said that she 's away a lot for work . But the boy 's mother wouldn 't leave him home by himself . No , she has him stay with a neighbor in their apartment complex . His principal said that he 's a quiet boy , that she doesn 't know him to have many friends . So has Walter gotten anywhere yet ? Beyond his random theories of vampires and succubi , no . He says he needs to examine the other body . I 'd like you and Agent Lee to retrieve it from the morgue . I 'll let Dr. Bishop know the boy is here . Okay . You like to draw ? Me too . Aaron , we 're going to have to get you checked out to make sure that you 're okay . Our friend , Dr. Bishop , is going to examine you . I don 't like doctors . They scare me . Oh , you 'll like Walter . There 's nothing scary about him . All right , young man . Let 's get started . Take off your shirt and hop on the table . Please , I don 't want a shot . Well , technically a shot is depositing a substance into the bloodstream . This is more a withdrawal . Just this one time . I promise . There . That wasn 't so bad . Good boy . You can put your shirt on now . I 'll be right back . Please , don 't touch that ! Give me ... It 's all right . It 's all right . I - I shouldn 't have shouted . It-it belonged to my son . You have a son ? I did . He died . Walter . You need to come and take a look at this . What is it ? It happened when I was moving a candle . That 's curious . Yeah . Look at the lambda sensor . The corpse is pulling high levels of oxygen out of the air . Astrid ... I don 't remember there being this much mold on the ribcage before . Dear God . The incubation case . Quickly ! Grab the other end . We have to contain it . Walter . No time to explain . Hurry ! Spores . I - I had assumed that the mold was just a symptom of the rapid decomposition . Walter , I am not following . The cause , Astrid ... I 'm starting to believe that it was an aggressive form of fungi that killed the boys . Olivia and Lincoln , they went to the morgue to get the other body . Astrid ? Are you at the morgue ? Yeah , we 're just heading to the elevator now - listen , you have got to evacuate the room . Get the body from the tunnel locked down . What ? It 's going to explode and release spores ! You gonna get that ? I 'm eating my lunch . Come on , come on , come on , come on . Hey , Beth , come here . Take a look at this . Oh , God . What are you doing ? We gotta get them out of there . We can 't open that door . We need to get a team in here and lock down the area . We can 't just leave ' em to die . They 're already dead . Dr. Bishop . Can you tell us what we 're dealing with here ? Clearly not the garden variety of cordyceps fungi . A genetic mutation with a capacity of hyper-accelerated growth and nutrition absorption , which explains the rapid decomposition of the bodies . Walter , what 's " cordyceps fungi " ? A species capable of releasing neurotoxins so as to paralyze a host , usually an insect , so that the fungi can feed and lay its spores . So why aren 't they attacking us ? These are not a pack of wolves , Agent Broyles . Size not withstanding , they are still a lower life form with rudimentary instincts probably based on tactile response . As long as none of you touch them , they won 't even know you 're there . A couple of these bad boys are making their way down the sink . Most likely seeking more water and nutrients , which shows a strong impulse to expand their reach as far as possible . I mean , really , this is a most extraordinary species , don 't you think ? Admiration aside , Dr. Bishop , how do you recommend killing these things ? As with a great many molds and fungi , a strong dose of U.V. light or intense heat should effectively eradicate them . Understood . Agent Mace , this is Broyles . We 're going to need high-intensity U.V. lamps in here , as many as you can find . Yes , sir . Copy that . I 'll oversee things here . I want you and Agent Lee to assemble a small team and have them meet you at the tunnel . Based on the boy 's remains , the fungus colony at the tunnel is probably much bigger than what we have here . I 'm not convinced that U.V. is the most efficient way to destroy it . You have something else in mind ? I 'm thinking flamethrowers . Fortunately , your tests show no sign of fungal infection . The good news is that you 're now free to return home . Agent Farnsworth will drop you there . Unless it 's not good news . Nobody 's there . Oh , yes . I understand you 're staying with a friend . A neighbor , but she never talks to me . Perhaps there 's someone else with whom you can stay . No . I see . Well , I certainly know what it feels like to have nowhere to go , no family . This is the only home I know . You live here ? Yeah . It 's not much , I admit , but ... It 's certainly better than the mental institution where I lived before this . Would you like to stay here with me for a little while longer ? I can 't promise that I 'll have any time for entertaining you , understand . I mean , I 'm a very busy man . Mmm , mmm , mmm ! Sublime . Dr. Bishop . " Walter . " I said you could call me " Walter . " How did your son die ? Peter was very sick . I tried for a long time to find a cure ... but I found it too late , and he died . Then I discovered an alternate Universe where another version of my son was dying from the same malady . So I crossed over to the other side with the intention of bringing him back to cure him . But the frozen lake where I created a portal between Universes was unsound , and when we crossed back , the ice broke . And Peter - the other version of him-drowned . And I lost him all over again . And ... you don 't think you belong in a mental institution ? How soon till the flood lights are up ? Almost there , ma 'am . Here 's our perp . Doesn 't look like much in here . No wonder we overlooked it . Well , once we 've got lights , we can make sure we 've taken out the entire colony . Watch your step . There could be something there . Ready for you , Agent Dunham . I don 't know about you , but I 'm ready for another . Aaron , what 's wrong ? It 's ... bright . What ? It 's too bright . What do you see ? I need the handheld flood over here . There 's more of it back here . A lot more . What is that ? Let me take a look - No ! Get away ! What is it ? Some of it 's growing down through some grating . Do we know what 's under here ? Burn it . Burn it all . Astrid ! Help me ! Aaron , you need to talk to me . You need to tell me what 's wrong . Walter , he has a high-grade fever . How 'd this happen ? I don 't know . He was complaining about something being too bright , and then he got scared , and then he just started burning - Walter ? Stop what you 're doing . Say it again . I said stop it ! You 're killing the boy . Just a few more minutes . I don 't want to turn you into a popsicle . Oh , Astrid - I 'll get you one later , Walter . Oh . Grape , please . And one for my friend here . You just rest there . Olivia . We 've managed to bring his temperature down a couple of degrees , but it remains dangerously high . And you 're positive that Aaron was affected by the fungus in the tunnel ? His collapse and fever coincided precisely as you were , uh , burning the colony . I am certain there was a connection . Okay , what about the fungus at the morgue ? Broyles and his team destroyed that . Why wasn 't Aaron affected then ? Well , that I cannot explain as of yet . So the boy is feeling whatever this thing inside the tunnel is feeling . Precisely . Okay , whatever it is , it 's dangerous , and we need to destroy it . So how do we break the connection between it and the boy ? I 'm not sure , but perhaps the best way to determine that is to learn how the connection was formed in the first place . Okay , well , I think I may have an idea about that . Aaron , let 's have a talk . About what ? About why you lied to us . Your drawings , Aaron . Agent Dunham found them covering the wall inside the tunnel . You never mentioned you 'd been there before yesterday . Based on the size of your artwork , I 'd say you go there a lot . It , um ... It 's hard to explain . I would go there sometimes . To get away . And after a while , I would ... start to feel better , like I wasn 't alone , that there was something there that was sad whenever I was sad . Or ... I know it sounds stupid . Perhaps not . You 're saying you thought there was something there that felt as you felt . I mean , I guess I thought I was just imagining it . Maybe I was crazy . But it was like it understood me , like it wanted to protect - protect you . Aaron , the boys who were chasing you ... You intentionally led them there , didn 't you ? It told you to bring them back to the tunnel . I didn 't know what was gonna happen , I swear . I didn 't know what it was ! It 's all right , son . Shh ... I believe you did nothing wrong . Walter ... What was that all about ? I don 't understand . I think I 'm beginning to . I need Agent Dunham . My initial hypothesis was entirely wrong . These are not colonies of fungi . I now believe that - that this is a single organism , one with rapidly evolving communication skills , enabling it to form a psychic bond with the boy . You see these ? I believe that each of these fungal masses is the equivalent to a neuron , a brain cell , and these tendrils are linking them together , essentially dendrites and synapses . The organism is a vast neural network . Wait , you 're telling me that this whole thing , all of it , is one big giant brain ? That 's exactly what I 'm saying . Agent Lee , Gus is a growing , evolving mind . " Gus " ? Well , I thought that since it 's a single living entity that perhaps we should name it for the sake of clarity . Okay , so the reason that Aaron wasn 't affected when we destroyed the fungi in the morgue - was because the colony growing there was unable to connect to the network , and until it could , it was a mindless appendage . That 's why it was heading down the drain - to try and connect with Gus . Yeah . What you need to understand is that Gus can only make more of itself . And as it grows , it becomes more intelligent , more self-aware , and ever more conscious of how alone in the world it is . And my contention is that Gus forged a link with Aaron over this shared sense of isolation . Until I can find a way to break the link with the boy , any assault on the organism will hurt him . Or worse . It 's Broyles . Sir , we have new information about the fungus . So have I. There 's been another attack - a homeless man camped out in an alley in Roxbury Crossing . Looks like the fungus came up through some grating . Roxbury ? That 's six miles from the tunnel . I know . After Agent Lee 's report on the growths in the tunnel , I found that the Boston sewer line runs directly underneath that area . We have a major infestation on our hands . We need to eradicate this thing , and we need to do it now . Agent Broyles , uh , this is Walter Bishop . I - I don 't think you-you-you understand that I haven 't yet discovered a way to break the link between the organism and the boy . I - I need more time . I do understand , doctor . Believe me . But the longer we wait , the more likely other innocent people will be killed . It 's just that you are not hearing me . I suggest you keep trying with whatever time - he 'll die ! Do you hear me ? You 're going to kill Peter ! Aaron . Walter , you mean " Aaron . " What did I say ? You 've got two hours , Dr. Bishop . After that or if there are any more attacks , I can 't make any promises . Astrid , we need to reconfigure the neurostimulator for magnetic resonance ! We need to chart Aaron 's brain activity . Agent Dunham , you and Agent Lee , be ready to move out . Yes , sir . Flamethrowers aren 't going to be enough . We 're gonna need some help . I 've got recon team throughout the city , spread out over an eight-mile radius . So far we 've determined the fungus has encroached on at least a dozen populated buildings , all of which have been evacuated . But no other bodies have been found . Thankfully , no . It 's been well over an hour . How 's Dr. Bishop doing with the boy ? We haven 't gotten any word yet . Agent Broyles , if you don 't mind my asking , what exactly is our plan to kill Gus ? That 's what Walter 's calling the organism . That 's our plan , Agent Lee , compliments of Nina Sharp and Massive Dynamic . You two , along with one of their techs , will be administering a potent toxin to the fungus . Agent Broyles , recon six is on the line . I 'm gonna check in with Walter . Walter . It 's Olivia . Olivia , we 've managed to isolate Gus ' brain wave . The link appears to be centered somewhere inside of Aaron 's pre-frontal lobe . Okay , so you know how to disconnect it . Oh , no . No , I haven 't quite worked that out yet . Okay , Walter , we 're running out of time . I realize that . My attempts to shut down that part of his brain haven 't worked ! There 's only one other possible option . Surgically remove the infected part . What are you saying ? You 're thinking of lobotomizing him ? I don 't know what else to do in the time I have left , Olivia . Walter , you can 't ! I have to save his life . Whatever it takes . Okay , Walter , listen to me . Now , you 're gonna find another way , and I 'm gonna talk to Broyles , explain the situation to him , and see if I can buy us some time . Stand by . Sir . I just got word from one of our teams . The fungus has reached a subway platform in Midtown . We can 't contain this thing . We have to move on it now . You gave Walter two hours . There 's still time - I 'm sorry , but you know as well as I do we can 't sacrifice countless other lives to save one boy . Walter ... What ? No time to talk . I have to think . So what are we looking for ? Somewhere the toxin will be best distributed . Some sort of central mass . There . Agent Broyles , we 've located the injection point . The tech is preparing the toxin . That . Keep me apprised . I was told it was on your order . Olivia ... Okay . No ! Walter , his blood pressure is falling , and he has lost consciousness . Do something ! I 've run through every conceivable scenario I can think of . That creature has a hold on his brain , and I have no ide - wait . Wait ! What 's happening in there ? The toxin 's been administered , but the technician is dead . I want you and Agent Lee to fall back to position one now ! Yes , sir . Olivia . Lincoln , what ? I can 't move . What ? The source of Aaron 's physical distress isn 't isolated in the pre-frontal lobe , as I thought . - It 's also here . - What is that ? It 's the limbic system . Limbic ! The emotional center of the brain . Emotion ... Yes . Astrid , get me the epinephrine . The fungus has a hold on Agent Lee . He requires immediate medical help . We 're assembling a team now . Does the fungicide appear to be working ? Negative . The organism 's still alive . I don 't know why , but it 's not working . The link is emotional . Gus doesn 't have a hold on him . He has a hold on it . I 'm sorry , son . Aaron ! Aaron ! Listen to me ! Aaron ! Aaron ! Good boy , good boy . I know you 're scared , but you need to let go of the organism . No ... It 's my friend . No . I 'll be alone . I know you 've come to believe that it 's your friend , but it 's not real . It 's something that 's invaded your mind . It 's hurting you . Nobody cares . It doesn 't matter . Walter , his blood pressure is still falling . His organs are shutting down . You matter to me . I care , and I ... And I don 't want to lose you . I can 't lose you . Not again . Aaron ... I know how hard it is to make connections . I know what it is to be lonely . It takes courage to be the one to take someone else 's hand , to trust that they won 't leave you . I won 't leave you , Aaron . And I 'm begging you not to leave me . Please . Let it go . Let it go . Please . Let it go , son . Walter ... I think it 's working . He 's stabilizing . This is Dunham . Uh , something 's happening . Their brain waves have separated . Uh ... It 's gone . Gus is gone . It 's working ! The organism 's dying . Okay ... We need a medical team down here now ! Lincoln , can you hear me ? It 's okay . It 's okay . You 're gonna be fine . You 're gonna be fine . Hey . You look a little freaked out . You wanna talk about it ? Here . You take him . No , he 's yours . He 'd be better off with you . Toys are meant to be played with . Yeah , I 've seen the movie with the talking toys . Oddly disturbing . Okay , Aaron , we gotta get you to the hospital , or they 're gonna give your room away to somebody who 's really sick . Aren 't you coming too ? Well , I very much wish I could ... but I have things I need to do . We 'll see each other again soon , I promise . Walter ? Astrid told me the good news about Aaron . I knew you 'd figure ... Walter ? Walter ? It 's all right . The area is completely numb . I - I know exactly what I 'm doing . Just let me do this . Just gonna put the hammer down . Walter ... What the hell were you thinking ? I don 't want to be recommitted . I can 't go back there . Please don 't send me back . What are you talking about ? I 'm going insane . I 've been having hallucinations . No matter what I do , they won 't stop . - What kind of hallucinations , Walter ? - For weeks now . I was afraid to tell anyone . What are you seeing ? It doesn 't matter . Just tell me . A person . A young man . His voice is in my head , saying peculiar things . Does he look like this ? Where did you get this ? I drew it from memory . I 've been seeing him in my dreams for the past three weeks . And all this time ... I thought I was losing my mind , that he was a figment of my psychosis . I 'm perfectly sane ! Here . Who is he ? I don 't know . I 've been running facial recognition through interagency databases , including Interpol , but nothing 's shown up . A shared vision like this ... He must be real ! And if he 's real ... We have to find him .
