 Lornsome night . Babbits bawling ' , wind bitten ' the bone . Wind like this ... full of voices . Ancestry howling ' at you , yibberin ' stories . All voices ... tied up into one . One voice different ... One voice , whispering ' out there , spying ' from the dark . That fangy devil , Old ' George himself . Now you hear up close , and I 'll yarn you about the first time we met , eye to eye . And thus it was when I made the acquaintance of Dr. Henry Goose , the man I hoped might cure me of my afflictions . Have you lost something ? Question one . What secret in Sixsmith report would be worth killing for ? Question two . Is it reasonable to believe that they would kill again to protect that secret ? And if so , question three . What the fuck am I doing here ? While my extensive experience as an editor has lead me to a disdain for flashbacks and flash forwards , and all such tricks gimmicks , I believe that if you , dear reader , can extend your patience for a just a moment , you will find there is a method to this tale of madness . My dearest Sixsmith , I shot myself through the roof of my mouth this morning , with Vyvyan Ayrs ' Luger . A true suicide is a paced , disciplined certainty . People pontificate " suicide is an coward 's act " . Couldn 't be further from the truth . Suicide takes tremendous courage . Any problem , sir , you just hit this button . Thank you . On behalf of my Ministry , and the future of Unanimity , I would like to thank you for this final interview . - Hello - Press pass Expecting trouble ? I was Dermot Hoggins ' publisher , not his shrink or his astrologer , and the ruddy , bloody truth is , I had no idea what the man was gonna do that night . This beach was once a cannibal 's banqueting hall , where the strong gorged on the weak , but the teeth , sir , they spat out , like you and I would expel a cherry stone . Do you know the price a quarter pound of these will earn ? Remember this is not an interrogation or a trial . Your version of the truth is all that matters . Truth is singular . Its " versions " are ... mistruths . Don 't let them say I killed myself for love . Had my infatuations , but we both know in our hearts who is the sole love of my short , bright life . CLOUD ATLAS PACIFIC ISLANDS , OCT.1849 There you are , Mr. Ewing , as binding a covenant there can ever be between men ... outside the province of Scripture . Thank you , Reverend Horrox , I know my father-in-law is profoundly excited about this deal . Haskell Moore is a great man . Future generations depend on men like him , men capable of speaking the truth . Quite . When I first encountered Haskell Moore 's writing , its perspicuity stroke me as though delivered through divine revelation . The learned doctor here and I , already spent many a night debating Mr. Moore 's tractus . I 'm only willing to conceive that he makes a compelling case as to why we are sitting here , enjoying this divine lamb , while Kupaka stands there , contempt to serve . Indeed , ain 'it . Uh , Kupaka ... you enjoy your life here with us , do you not ? Oh , yes , Reverend , sir . Kupaka very happy here . See , you see , this is Moore 's ladder of civilization . The reason behind this natural order ... Please , Giles , do shut up . I 've been listening to this for weeks , I ... would love to know what his own son-in-law has to say about it . Let 's see ... It is an inquiry concerning God 's will and the nature of men . And what does he have to say about the nature of women ? I 'm afraid that 's a subject he prefers to pass by in silence . He wouldn 't be the first . Uh , brave , Mr. Ewing , continue . Well , uh ... the question he does pose is ... if God created the world , how do we know what things we can change , and what things must remain sacred and inviolable ? Reverend Horrox ' real specific how to run plantation . Georgian way best way he say . God , this heat is unbearable.How do they take it ? Reverend Horrox say slaves like camel , bred for desert . He say ... they not feel heat like civilized folk . Now we should get you out of the sun . Now what ... what is that noise ? - Ah , there you are . - What happened ? It is as I suspected . Gusano Coco Cervello , better known as the Polynesian worm . Once saw a man 's brain after the worm had finished with him ... maggoty cauliflower . Ooph . But have no fear , this particular devil and I ... are well acquainted . Here we go . Ah , yes , yes , all gone . I-I don 't know what I would have done had our paths not crossed . Well for starters , you would have died . I ... I shall find a way to repay you . Oh , unnecessary , I assure you.I am a doctor , Adam . A tiger cannot change its stripes . CAMBRIDGE , 1936 Sixsmith , I do hope you will be able to find it in your heart to forgive me . Mr. Frobisher . Mr. Robert Frobisher ! The management would like a word with you , please , sir . Mr. Frobisher , open this door , please ! I do know you 're in there , Mr. Frobisher , please , comply . A letter is being drafted to your father , sir . Mr. Frobisher ! Hated leaving you like that.Wasn 't the goodbye I had in mind . By the time you read this , I will be on my way to Edinburgh , on my way to fame and fortune . I know you haven 't heard of him , but trust me , Vyvyan Ayrs is one of the musical greats , Sixsmith . The tragedy is that he hasn 't produced any new work in years due to illness . My scheme is to persuade him to hire me as his amanuensis , and aid him in the creation of a masterpiece , before shooting up through the musical firmament , eventually obliging pater to admit that yes , the son he disinherited is none other than Robert Frobisher , the greatest British composer of his time . I know , Sixsmith , you groan and shake your head , but you smile too , which is why I love you . Thanks for the waistcoat . I needed something of yours to keep me company . St. George and the Dragon . Reminds me that composing is a crusade . Sometimes you slay the dragon , sometimes the dragon slays you . Alright , then . Frobisher , is it ? I trust Mackerras told you enough to be useful . I 've had this little melody for viola rattling about my head for months , let 's see if you can get it down . Subtle grace note before the third . Soft and simple . Got it ? Now , it gets interesting . Good . Play that back . Would love to , sir . Um ... what key are we in ? What key ? G minor , of course . And the time signature ? For Christ 's sake , did you hear it or not ? - just ... just need a little more time . - You need ? My dear boy , who is working for whom here ? - I apologize , sir ... - Are you an amanuensis or an apologist ? Now pay attention . Three-four , changes to four-four on fourth bar and back to three-four on bar five , if you can count that high . Crotchet G , pause for a quaver , repeat G quaver , then E-flat on the down beat . And so on . Alright , let me hear you . Stop , please ! You 're hurting me ! You must have misheard me , I said I had a melody not a malady ! Vyvyan ... Jocasta , deliver me ! - What 's going on in here ? - An exercise in futility . Should I be introduced ? There 's really no point , the boy is useful as the clap . Fortunately , he 'll be much easier to get rid of . Would you be a dear and get Henry to show the boy out . Yes , of course , darling . That 's beautiful . Yes ... That 's it . That 's my melody ! SAN FRANCISCO , 1973 Com 'on , Luisa , we 're made to be together ! Luisa , Luisa , com 'on , com 'on , I 'm telling you , I 'm telling you baby , you can 't leave me . It 's a ... Don 't know if it 's a past life thing or a future life thing , but you know , you and me ... Look . For the last hour , all I could think about was throwing you off the balcony . Well then who the hell you think you are ? You write a bullshit column for a fucking rag . Elevator ! Thank you . Nice to know the age of chivalry isn 't dead . You okay ? No bones broken , I think . No , no , no , you sit ... you sit yourself.Let me see . Great . Power outage . Perfect end to a perfect day . Still glad the age of chivalry isn 't dead ? I 'd still rather be right here than back up there . Guess Mr. Kipin isn 't everyone 's cup of tea . Guys like that are just an occupational hazard . - You were interviewing him ? - Yeah , for Spyglass magazine . Luisa Rey . Rufus Sixsmith . Rey ... You wouldn 't happen to be related to the journalist Lester Rey ? Yeah . He was my father . Really ? He must have been enormously proud of you , following in his footsteps . That 's her . My niece , Megan . She 's lovely ! Born physicist , with a better mind for mathematics than I ever had . Did her PhD at Cambridge , a woman at Caius ! Gives you hope for the world . It 's hot . And we 're still here . That 's a very peculiar birthmark . Yeah . My little comet . My mother was sure it was cancer , she wanted me to get it removed , but ... don 't know . I kinda like it . I knew someone who had a birthmark that was ... - similar to that . - Really ? Who was it ? Someone I cared about very much . A uh ... a hypothetical question for you , Miss Rey . As a journalist , what price would you pay to protect the source ? Any . Prison ? If it came to that , yes . Would you be prepared to ... compromise your safety ? My father braved booby-trapped marshes and the wrath of generals for his journalistic integrity . What kind of daughter would I be if I bailed when things got a little tough ? Saved . Taxi ! - You sure you don 't need a cab ? - No , I 've got my car . Well , you know if ... there 's ever something I can do for you , please give me a call . Thank you , I will . Bye . LONDON , 2012 It was the night of the Lemon Prizes , through all that hospitality I recall a moment of introspection . Why . Why would anyone in their right mind choose to be a publisher ? This was the precise moment that Dermot found me . - Oy , Timothy . - Aah , Dermot . Bad news inexorably does . Fockin ' waste . Never forget Herman Melville , writes a ripping yarn about a big white whale which is summarily dismissed , and yet today , it is lugged around in the backpacks of every serious student of literature in the world . I don 't give a fock what happens when I 'm dead , I want people to buy me book now ! Well , as your publisher , obviously nothing would make me happier . But sadly , for whatever reason , " Knuckle Sandwich " has yet to connect to its audience . You want a reason ? I 'll give you a reason . - Right there ! - Aah . You mean Mr. Finch ? Felix fockin ' Finch ! That cunt that shat all over me book in his poncy fockin ' magazine ! - It wasn 't that bad ! - No ? " Mr. Hoggins should apologize to the trees failed for the making of his bloated autobio novel.Four hundred vain-glorious pages expire in an ending that is flat and inane beyond belief . " Steady now , Dermot . What is a critic but one who reads quickly , arrogantly , but never wisely . Fock it . Dermot ! Ladies and gentlemen ! We have an additional award tonight , fellow book faeries . An award for " most eminent critic " . Mr ... oh , beg pardon , SIR ! Felix Finch . O , B and E ! And what might my prize be , I wonder ? A signed copy of an unpulped " Knuckle Sandwich " ? Can 't be many of those left . Well ... Just what does that lead-less pencil you call an imagination have in mind to end this scene . Hmm ? I think you 're gonna love this one . Now , that 's an ending that is flat n 'inane beyond belief . My thoughts ? If I 'm honest , I admit that the obvious emotions like shock and horror flew as Finch had , here and gone . Tequila , couple of fingers . While deep down , I experienced a nascent sense of a silver lining to this most tragic turn . Overnight , Dermot " Dusty " Hoggins became a cult hero to the common man . " Knuckle Sandwich " shifted ninety thousand copies in less than two months . I was for the briefest of moments , Cinderella , and all memory of past misfortune receded in the rearview mirror of my dream come true . - What the fuck ... - Tim-o-tee Cavendish ... oy presume . Caught wi ' your cacks down ! Uh , my office hours are eleven to two , and my secretary would be more than happy to schedule an appointment if you so desire . Friends like us don 't need appointments . We like it all cozy like this . - Visited Dermot in the joint . - Our brother 's got a question for you . Where 's our focking money ? Boys . Boys , look here . Dermot signed what we call a copyright transfer contract , which means that legally ... Dermot didn 't sign a fockin ' contract for the event of a fockin ' season ! Er , Perhap-perhaps ... er , we could moot a provisional sum ... as a basis for on-going negotiation . Okeydokey . What sum we gonna moot ? Fifty K will do for starters . Fifty sounds reasonable . Tomorrow afternoon . Tomorrow afternoon ? - Cash . - No bullocks . - No checks . - Old fashioned money . Gentlemen ... - The law says ... - The law ? ! What 'd the law do for Felix fockin ' Finch ? NEO SEOUL 2144 Ordinarily , I begin by asking prisoners to recall their earliest memories ... to provide a context for the corporatic historians of the future . Fabricants have no such memories , Archivist . One twenty-four hour cycle in Papa Song 's is identical to every other . May I say you speak Consumer surprisingly well . [ speaks Korean ] It is unfortunate that the officials of the Unanimity can only speak one language . As an officer of Unanimity , I am of course restricted from using sub speak . Of course . Please describe a typical twenty-four hour Papa Song cycle . At hour four , each server is woken by auto-stimulin . From revival , we proceed to the hygiener . After dressing , we file into the dinery . At hour five , we man our stations to greet the new day 's consumers . Welcome to Papa Song 's . For the next nineteen hours , we input orders , tray food , vend drinks , upstock condiments , wipe tables , and bin garbage , all done in strict adherence to First Catechism . What is the First Catechism ? " Honor Thy Consumer . " After the final cleaning , we imbibe one soap sack and return to our sleep box . That is the blueprint of every single day . Did you ever think about the future ? Papa Song servers have just one possible future . You mean " Exultation " . Could you describe this annual Rite of Passage ? On first day , Seer Rhee would stamp a star on each of our collars . Twelve stars meant an end to our contract . How did you feel when you watched one of your sisters ascend ? Excitement . I was happy for them , but envious as well . Did your sister servers feel as you did ? Most of them . I would like to ask about the infamous Yoona-939 . If Yoona-939 woke you , who woke her ? Seer Rhee . Why would Seer wake a server ? Perhaps you should ask him , Archivist . What 's wrong with him ? He drinks soap . It makes him happy . Then he sleep like us in our box . Do you ever think about ... what it must be like , up there with the consumers ? Third Catechism forbids such questions . Yes . It does . Come . Let me show you a secret . Platform four , Lost and Found . Now ... Sonmia , we are inside a secret . A Kino ? - We are not allowed , ... - Sonmia , no one will ever know . Come . This is a violation of the ruddy Incarceration Act ! I will not be subjugated to criminal abuse . This is a violation of the ruddy Incarceration Act ! I will not be subjugated to criminal abuse . You could have been excised . How did you justify such a risk to yourself ? She was my friend . Please describe the events of September 18th from your perspective . I was stationed at pedestal one . I will not be subjugated to criminal abuse ! Step away . Code yellow , the area is secured . Hawaiian Islands 106 WINTERS AFTER THE FALL Nay , this life all rot n ' locking ' no smile a ' some yawnee . In rear 's time , I ever fest the secret of Sloosha 's hallow . Adam , my bro ' by law , n ' his son n ' me been trekking ' back from Honokaa Market . It was Adam 's custom to kowtow to his ancestry with offering 's n ' honoring 's . Suddenwise , that fangy devil 's eyes , I felt 'em . Who there ? Ooh , a darky spot you 're in , friend . Ol ' Georgie ... Ain 't no blade can protect you from the True-True . 'Pa ! Jonas.Jonas , go . Go , go ! Zachary ! Zachary ? Zachary ! Stay here , safe here ... Kona will be feasting ' on Adam n ' his boy by sundown . You say it all the time , ain 'ya ? " The Weak are Meat , the Strong do Eat . " The True-truth , what that is . Whole valley whispering ' about the blood o ' Adam and his son on my hands . But Rose and Catkin never believed those rumors , and stood by me . - Uncle Zach , look ! - Yeah , I see them . Prescients come battering ' twice a year , their ships creep-crawlin ' on the waves , Just floating ' on the Smart o ' the Old Uns . Barter 'll be startin ' soon . Yeah . We must go find ya ' Ma . What are you doin ' ? Ma says ya ain 't been right since Sloosha 's . She say we gotta keep out our eyes on ya . You minding ' me , while I mind the goats ? I see . Stump is , who 's gonna mind your Ma at the Barter ? She got no tongue for haggling ' , not like you and me . Sure ya ' right ? Swear by . Be home for supping ' . Why words slink n ' slide off a tongue , when we need them most ? If my tongue 'd been more bold , could I have stopped all that diresome 's about to happen ? - Uncle Zach ! - Thi 's my big bro I yawned you about . - What 's about , sis ? - Special guest hosting . Thank you for the kindsome hosting 'in the Valley 's day . I ain 't saysoe this , Rose . - Abbess saysoe a gift of great honor . - She can be hosting ' then ? I bring ' you gift , Zachry . Need no gift from the stranger . Now kin n ' bros n ' half-strangers , yay , even the Abbess , they all come knockin ' , they gaped in wonderment like Sonmi herself was sittin ' in our kitchen . Questions about Prescience n ' their whoahsome Ship poured thick n 'fast . How your ship 's sliding ' , glides so silent n ' ... Fusion engines . No one queried what fusion engine was , cos they didn 't want to look stupid in front o ' the gathering ' . Fusion engines ... True really was , Meronym answered the questions , but no answer ever quenched your curio . All o ' that answering ' done was teach everyone to not trust her , nay , not a flea ... She 's lyin ' ... . Schemin ' and worming ' herself in . Watch her , watch her close . She 's got secrets . Zachry Bailey ? Sorrysome for waking ' you up but ... a dream . Some diresome 's gonna happen . Come in , come in . Ooh , that Sonmi got your heart . Ohh , I gonna hear it for us , I 'm prayin ' for you . Ooh , Old Georgie 's hungering ' for your soul . Ooh , I knew it . Spit a cuss on your dreams . " Bridge is broken , hide below " " Hands are bleedin ' , can 't let go " " Enemy 's sleepin ' , don 't slit that throat " An augurin ' ... Trust Sonmi ... Keep her warning ' with you , nail it to your memory . Thank you . Thank you , Abbess . Thank you . Wait ! Wait . There 's ... no reason to hide . I know you are ... Sonmi-451 . My name is ... Hae-Ju Zheng . What has happened to Seer Rhee ? Soap overdose . It is unfortunate that it had to happen with everything gone so well . Cos now it is probable that the Enforcers and the DNA sniffers will find out about you . And if they do ... if they realize your connection to Yoona-939 , you will be excised . But you have a choice . You can remain here and risk being discovered , or you can come with me . - Bear away , boy . - Aye , aye captain . Friday the 15th . We made sail with the morning tide . Mr. Boerhaave had my cabin changed . I have been quarantined to a store room away from the other passengers and crew . Henry argued in vain that the Polynesian worm was not contagious . Not that it matters . All I want to do now is return home and unburden myself from this responsibility . My dear Sixsmith , I am in desperate need of your help . After my last letter , I 'm sure you 're rushing to pack your bags , but you needn 't , really . Unless of course , you wish to witness the rebirth of Robert Frobisher . Is it not miraculous how one 's fortune can turn so quickly , so completely . One moment , leaping from a hotel window , the next gainfully employed by one of the world 's greatest living composers . My only problem is that I accidentally got hooked on a journal written in 1849 by a dying lawyer during the voyage from the Pacific islands to San Francisco . To my great annoyance , the pages cease mid-sentence . Half the book is missing . It 's completely killing me . Could you be a mensch and when you 're next foraging at Otto 's Book 's , make an inquiry ? A half finished book is , after all , a half finished love affair . America loves oil . America is addicted to oil . Some fantasize about wind turbines or peat gas . But I 'm here today to tell you that the cure for oil is right here.The cure is nuclear power . The cure is Swannekke . Hello , Miss Rey . I 'm frightfully sorry for calling you at this hour . Dr. Sixsmith ? I need help . I need ￡ 50,000 , not 2,000 , 50,000 ! I 'm going through it again , Mr. Cavendish , but the total 's right . 2,343 pounds and 16 pence . How is this possible ? The ruddy money was pouring in . Debts mostly , Mr. Cavendish.Solvency has its drawbacks . The situation looked dire , but I knew that Timothy Cavendish 's capital in this town could not be defined by an accountant 's balance sheet ! McCluskie ! Look , how are those delightful kiddies of yours ? Mon cher , this " Cavendish the Ravenous , " your favorite Timothy . Mon cher ? You heard it correctly , Charles Dickens ' own original authentic writing desk for ￡ 60,000 . I think that 's very fair . But our records indicate that the desk is already accounted for by the Dickens House Museum . Okay , what about Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's desk ? In the darkness , I suddenly saw the light . Blood has always trumped water . If the Hogginses brutes wanted to turn this into a family affair , they 'd find the Cavendish Clan more than ready for the task at hand . Oh , Satan 's gonads , not again . Look , Just bugger off and leave us in peace . I 'm only gonna asking you nicely once . Good to see you , Denny . I 'm not lending you a ruddy farthing until you pay back the last lot . Why-Why should I be forever giving you a hand out ? Denny ... I had a minor running with the wrong sort . If I don 't get my hands on ￡ 60,000 , I got to get an awful beating . Well , get them to video it for us , would you ? Now fuck off . - I 'm not joking , Denholme . - Why is this my problem ? Because we 're brothers ! Don 't you have a conscience ? Couple of my special little pills and a GT should just set me right . Denny . Help . Please . Den , who are you talking to ? - Hello , Georgette . - Hello , Timothy . Right . Right , right . What did you-60 grand ? It 's gonna take some time , but , uh ... in the interim , I 've got the perfect place for you to hide . I begun to fear I might never hold my beloved Tilda in her arms again . My parasite writhes at night , igniting spasms of pain , while visions and voices , obscene and monstrous , haunt me . Mister Ewing ... In the name of God ! Mister Ewing , no fear . No harm , not shout . Please . Sir . My name Autua . You know I ... see Moriori whip I ... You know I. - What do you want ? - You help , Mr. Ewing . If you no help , I in trouble dead . Well , you 're already very much " in trouble dead . " The Prophetess is a mercantile vessel , not an underground railroad for escaping slaves . I be able seaman , I earn passage . Well , then I suggest you surrender to the captain 's mercies forthwith . Wow wow . They no hear I. They say " swim away home , nigger " , and throw I in drink , but you ... you law man , right ? Please . Captain hear you , Mr. Ewing . I-I can 't help you . I 'm afraid your fate is entirely your own , and I desire no part in it . Then kill I. Don 't be absurd ... If you no help , you kill I just the same , is true . You know it . I 'm be no fish food , Mr. Ewing . Die here better . Do it . Do it quick . I found an old transway marker , Captain . It 's got to be the right mountain . The problem is , the valley people are afraid of it . They think the Devil lives up there . I can 't find anybody to guide me through the Kona territory . Meronym ... Every day you 're out there , you increase your odd levels . This dream of yours is going to kill you.And for what ? The Off-World colonies may no longer exist . I got to go , Captain . Thank you for coming , I 'm in 1404 . I 'll be right up . Dr. Sixsmith ? It 's me , Luisa . Go call the police.Right now , call the police ! My dear Sixsmith , you alone can understand how I 'm feeling right now . Today , Ayrs and I presented our first collaboration to Tadeusz Kesselring , Ayrs favorite conductor who arrived from Berlin . It 's called " eternal recurrence " . Wish you could hear it . It 's the most accomplished tone poem I know of written since the war , and I tell you , Sixsmith , that more than of the few of its best ideas are mine . At our time of life , Ayrs , a man has no right to such daring ideas . I suppose I 've won a rearguard action or two in my war against decrepitude . Diner of pheasant with Bordeaux rich as buttercream . How I love to listen to men of distinguished lives , sing of past follies and glories . The only broken note in the entire evening was Ayrs wife , Jocasta , excusing herself early . Sensed the buried bone . Later I asked Ayrs about it . He said Kesselring had introduced Jocasta to him . I pried , had Kesselring been in love with her ? The subject was a prickly one . Jocasta is a jew . Obviously her relationship was impossible . Why obviously ? Can you really be so ignorant of what is happening in Germany ? At this point in my life , all I know , Sixsmith , is that this world spins from the same unseen forces that twist our hearts . - How is it , Mr. Zachry ? - Same whiles . - Minding some company ? - Nay . But ... Goats , and so do herders , they 're known for housing ' temper . Feelin ' that own n ' your reveal count out , for invading ' your house with no saysoe . True sorrysome . Well it ... Now it 's done . So , you minding ' a stranger covering ' about your tribe ? Swap you . Query for query . Fair buy . Cog you and come dow.Learn stitching ' n ' milking ' our heardin ' . Why you here ? I needing ' a guide . Guide ? To where ? Mauna Soul . " Bridge is broken , hide below " What 's wrong ? We cross and recross our old tracks like figure skaters . And just as I was reading a new submission , a powerful déjà-vu ran through my bones . I had been there before . Another lifetime ago . Ursula . The love of my life . I could think of no other serious applicants . What had happened to her ? And more importantly , what had happened to the young man who had ridden the same train composing sonnets , to his soul-bound love . Your augurin ' come true , Abbess . Broke bridge , just like you say . Meronym wa ' there , yeb her aback , tracking ' up Mauna Soul , why can this Prescient woman come cursing ' n ' twisting ' on my life ? Mind the words of Sonmi . " Our lives are not our own . From womb to tomb , we are bound to others . Past and present . And by each crime ... and every kindness ... rebirth our future . " Welcome to Neo Seoul . Come on , out you come . This ... maybe the biggest mistake of my life , but here . Thank you , Mr. Ewing . Now to tell the truth , I was worried you might try and eat me , if you didn 't get something in the stomach . Oh , you safe , Mr. Ewing . I no like white meat . Ah . Right . Before I decide what I 'm going to do with you , tell me why you were being whipped so savagely ? My uncle was a sailor . He took me on a French whaler when I was ten years old . Seen too much of the world . I no good slave . Why did you look at me ? Pain strong , right ? Friends eye more strong . Look , you are a runaway slave , and I am a lawyer . How did you imagine we could possibly be friends ? All you need . Ah , Jesus ! Javier Gomez , what did I tell you about jumping onto my balcony ? Why d 'you leave the door open if you don 't want me to come in ? Because , smarty pants , the only thing worse than having you jumping onto my balcony , is the idea of you jumping onto my balcony , and being stuck out there . Okay ! What are you reading ? Old letters . Sixsmith , the plot has taken a sensual turn . Last week , Jocasta and I became lovers . But don 't alarm yourself , it is only a carnal act , performed in service , not unlike my role as amanuensis . And I confess women 's hearts like their desire remain a mystery to me . Afterward , she cried and thanked me for bringing life back into their home . I can get clear that Vyvyan had been there the entire night , between us like the silence between notes , that holds the key to warm music . P.S. : Best news of all , I 've started my own work . Uh , I ... called about an old recording , written by a man named Robert Frobisher . Oops . Passed it . I know I shouldn 't be pulling it , I was ... checking it to make sure it wasn 't scratched , but ... honestly , I just can 't stop listening to it . This is the Cloud Atlas Sextet ? It 's ... the symphony . It 's beautiful . but I think I 've heard this before . I can 't imagine how . I doubt there 's no more than a ... handful copies in the whole of North America . But I know it . I know I know it . Before I realized it , my feet had brought me back to the Temple of Sacrifice , where I offered up my virginity . Back to those four-days of Paradise , when Ursula 's Mater and Pater slinked off to Greece , for a long weekend ... Or so we thought . Ursula ! Naked . Sir ! Madam ! I assure you this is completely innocent ... Two sprained ankles , one cracked rib . Official cause of accident , listed on hospital form ... pussy . What were the chances that she still lived in this house ? And yet , there she was . Ursula . Why had I never returned her calls or letters ? Shame , spinessless , hallmarks of the Cavendish clan . I realized I had a choice . I could slink off and continue as planned , or I could go boldly to the door , and discover what hope , if any , would lay within . Abbess , come quick , it 's the Bailey girl . - Catkin ? - Aye , she dying ' . - What-what ... - Zach . - Sonmi ... - It 's scorpion fish . Healer said she be gone by sundown . Ain 't right , ain 't fair , but nothing to be done . Be very still . Termination charge . Here ! Just enough to blow your carotid . How does it feel ? Good . Catkin 's dying ! - What ? - She trod on a scorpion fish . You can save her.You got spesh smart in that gearbag , what 'll save her . That 's the True-true ! Prescient Councils swear by a special order . Say I can 't go play Lady Sonmi for everythin ' twisting ' wrong , and click fingers , make right . I just a stupid goat herder but I cog you 're killin ' Catkin by not actin ' , Just ... by lettin ' you up on that bridge , you Kona meat . If a Prescient be layin ' , with poison melting ' her heart n 'lungs ? If it be your kin ? Why the Precient 's life worth more than a Valleysman ? ! I 'll take you to Mauna Soul . I know the way ! If you save Catkin , I will guide you to the Devil 's door , if that 's where you wanna go . While apast me , Coltworth was the enchantment of a siren , better , I believed , to stay the course set by dear brother Den . Just sign right here . Tomorrow , life could begin afresh , afresh , afresh . This way . Come . Designating texture . That 's old Seoul . If the tides keep rising at their present rate , Neo-Seoul will also be under water in a hundred years . Your food is in here . It 's not what you 're used to , but I think you will like it . This is your bed ... These are your clothes . Mine ? But these are ... Pureblood clothes . No . They are yours . Did you know he was Union ? No , but it wouldn 't have mattered . Why not ? Because ... It was the first time a Pureblood had showed me kindness . I hungry . Do you like them ? You look lovely . Here ... Come here . Now , this used to play Vidis , but the chip is corrupted . Stuck in a loop , so I digit it and found the rest of it . The rest of it ? ... the bloody hell are you doing in my room ? Keys ... go walkies , let 's give these to Miss Judd for safekeeping , shall we ? Leave my things alone , you pilvering cow . Cause you 're new , I shall not make you eat soap powder , this time ... You 're warned . I cannot stand for offensive language in our arrays , not from anyone . And I never make idle threats , Mr. Cavendish . Never . I 'll talk to you as I ruddy will like , you thief ! Make me eat soap powder ? I 'd like to see you try . Ooh , bloody hell ! A disappointing start . Is this some sort of kinky SM hotel ? I am nurse Noakes , you do not wish to cross me . I am so sorry to keep you waiting.Uh , I know it 's a Miss ... Rey . - Luisa Rey , Spyglass magazine . - Right , right . Luisa , this is Joe Napier , our security chief . I was surprised to get your query . I mean , don 't get me wrong , it-it is a feisty magazine , but ... Anything you need , sir , just let me know . We 'll do . Guys , I 'm good , thank you very much . Our editor 's trying to spice things up a little bit , he says the public wants more substance , so ... Probably just a fad . Come on , follow me , let 's start you with the Chicken Ranch . That is where we keep the Eggheads . Hello , Mr. Cavendish , feeling super this morning ? No . I checked in last night , believing that Aurora House was a hotel . My brother made the booking you see , his idea of a practical joke . But listen , you have a bigger problem closer to home . There 's some demented bitch calling herself Noakes , rampaging about the place , impersonating a chamber maid . But the point is this : she struck me , and she stole my keys . Right ? I 'll need those keys back , straight away . Aurora House is your home now , Mr. Cavendish . Your signature - authorizes us to apply ... - Signature ? The custody document you signed last night . Your residency papers . Oh no , no , no . That was the hotel register . Ah , never mind , it 's all academic , huh ? This is gonna make a hell of a diner party story . Most of our guests get cold feet on their first mornings . My keys , please . - Residents are not ... - I 'm not a ruddy resident ! You 'll find temper tantrums won 't help you at Aurora House ! You 're breaking the ... ruddy ... acting ... conservation act , or some ruddy thing , and I will not be subjugated to a criminal abuse . I will not be subjugated to criminal abuse . Outside , fat snow flakes are falling on slate roofs . Like Solzhenitsyn laboring in Vermont , I shall beaver away in exile . Unlike Solzhenitsyn , I shan 't be alone . Off somewhere ? You bet I am . To the land of the living . Soylent Green is people.Soylent Green is made of people ! Oy ! Get back here , you ! You keep away from me , or I 'll be forced to name you , in the police report , as an accomplice . I have better things to do than this . Then go , pit and do them , you bloody sucker son of ... Right ! God , you take hands off me , you ruddy bloody ... You can maintain power over people , as long as you give them something . Rob a man of everything , and that man will no longer be in your power . Alexander Solzhenitsyn , 20th century philosopher complete works , banned by Unanimity . How do you know about him ? Hae-Ju . - Sir Zheng . - Please , you must call me Hae-Ju . Hae-Ju ... Fabricants can be excised for this ... Well , survival often demands some courage . Knowledge is a mirror , and for the first time in my life , I was allowed to see who I was , and who I might become . Go clean the head . Good morning , captain . You 're the hell that remains , old quail cock , by buggering off . I 'm afraid I can 't do it , sir . If I was , I would be unable to inform you of the stow-away - that I have discovered in my ... - Stow-away ? I assure you that this Moriori had no choice . Now he has sworn to me that he is a first class , able bodied seaman , capable of earning passage if only given a chance . Stow-away ? He 's a stow-away , even if he shits silver nuggets . Did he ever explain anything to you ? He told me their goal was the creation of a free willed Fabricant . Yoona had failed . I was their last hope . I have to say if all lady journalists look like you , I might start to take this , uh , women 's lib thing more seriously . Well , I 'm sure they can use your sort . Nice . Okay , uh , you wait here and I will go find someone smarter who can , uh , walk you through the details of some of your questions . Right . What would Dad do ? Who the bloody hell is this ? Have you any idea what time it is ? - Denny , it 's me , Tim . - Timothee ? Where are you ? Ah , I think you ruddy know about where I am . But residents are denied access to phones . Someone smuggled one in ? - You know the rules ? - I helped write them , Timmy . I have been a principal investor in Aurora House for twelve years , it 's incredibly lucrative . You can 't believe what people would pay to lock-out their parents . Look , Den , you 've had your fun , I think it 's high time you put an end to this little game of yours . No , no , no , Timmy . My fun has just begun . What are you talking about ? I am your brother , why are you doing this to me ? I think the better question is-would be , what have you done to deserve this ? I don 't know what you mean . Oh come , naughty old brother , don 't insult me . You can 't think that I didn 't know about you and Georgette ! Georgette ? Look , Den ... I didn 't mean to hurt you . I 'm afraid your penance has come due , Timbo , it 's time to account for your crimes . Den ... I 'm ... I 'm so , so sorry . No no no , there 's no need to apologize . Your exile is more than enough reparation . Oh , I do have my fingers crossed for a scenario involving you , nurse Noakes and a broom handle . Cherry up , Timmy . Bye bye now . He sends his love . I would like to ask about the night of your arrest . I remember ... listening to his heart beat . Your heart beats much slower than ours . There is a gentleness to the sound . I find it ... comforting . - Vyvyan , what time is it ? - I don 't know . Who cares ... I 've heard a melody , boy . For violin . Quick ... Find-find a pen . Blurry , bright lights , but underground and no way out . And the waitresses ... they all had the same face . There was music played , not like any music I 've ever heard in my life . It began ... It began ... Wait ... It was so clear a minute ago . Help me , Robert , help me.It 's slipping away ! I 've lost it . It 'll come to you , sir . The minute you stop trying to find it , it will find you . You are naive , Robert . I am anything but . There is a gulf between these chairs . What you want is no different from what I want . The gulf is an illusion . How do I describe that night , Sixsmith ... What had happened between Vyvyan and I transcended language . It was music that poured from his eyes , and breathed from his lips . Music as beautiful as any I have ever heard . What-what are you doing in here ? They found us . I 'll be with you the whole way , now focus on me . Stay with me . Right here . I won 't let you go . - Mr. Ewing . - It-It 's alright . I-I talked to the captain , he 'll hear your case . What 's your name , boy ? Autua , sir . The Christian , gentlemen , who knows nothing about ships , tells me that you 're a first-class sailor . Very well , let 's see you 'd lower the main top , son . Mr. Roderick , my bottle is empty . Mr. Boerhaave , ready my piece . What ? Sir , you ... gave me your word , Captain . P-Please , you can 't do this . Nobody tells me what I can and cannot do on my own ship . Specially when it concerns nigger stow-away . Captain look ! He 's got fish-hooks for toes . Boerhaave , you don 't make a mess of my deck . Captain , please ... Look , if you can just hear me , I 'm ... The darkie 's salt as I am . Mr. Boerhaave ! It appears we have an addition to our crew . Make sure he earns his keep . Mr. Hooks . I found her . She was in the chem labs , looking for the bathroom . Ah ? Well , perfect , then , uh , why don 't you take over from here , Sachs , you know , introduce our little tribe , and uh ... and guide Ms. Rey through the ... through the tower . The funny thing is , I am not even supposed to be here . I was meant to be in Seoul , but the air traffic controller strike put everything up , so now I 'm on the ... time jumper tonight . Did you ever think that the universe was against you ? All the time . You mind ? I 'm cool . You seem nervous , Isaac . - Do I make you nervous ? - No . Actually , just the opposite . Will you gonna tell me why you covered for me ? Freedom . The fatuous jingle of our civilization . But only those deprived of it have the barest inkling of what it really is . There 's much disagreement on what should be done with you . The Corprocrats want you euthanased as a deviant , the Manufacturer is demanding a period of study , the Pyschogenomicists are screaming for an immediate cerebral vivisection . However , the problem you create is a political one . Which means you are my problem . I find it intriguing to imagine that beneath this ... perfectly engineered features , are thoughts that terrify the whole of Unanimity . I 'm not afraid of such thoughts , because I do not fear the truth . There 's a natural order to this world , fabricant . And the truth is this order must be protected . Inform the Archivist , prepare for excisement . - Yes sir . - Sir ... Can you tell me what happened to Hae-Ju Zheng ? Killed , I was told . All this feast and excitements , really Adam , it 's ... all too much , you 'll need to rest . I had ... a girlfriend once , she kept trying to get me to read Carlos Castaneda . - You ever read any of that stuff ? - Oh yeah . But the relationship was doomed . Every time she brought up a new ... karma , that sort of stuff , I-I couldn 't stop myself from laughing . And yet ... I can 't explain ... that I knew when I opened that door ... They destroyed most of the copies of the report . Most ? There 's no good choice here , is there ? If I help you , I close my job ... or worse , If I don 't , a lot of people ... And it will be worse than worse . You have to do ... whatever you can 't not do . Someone preying ' on you , Zachry ? You really ain 't feary about meetin ' Ol ' Georgie on the summit ? I 'm more scaresome ' bout the weather than in the Devil . You cog he 's real ? Who tripped the Fall , if not Old Georgie ? True-true ? The Old Uns . That 's just a rope o 'smoke . Old Uns got the Smart . They mastered sick and seeds , they make miracles and fly across the sky . True . All true.But they got somethin ' else . A hunger in their hearts , a hunger that 's stronger than all their Smart . Hunger ? For what ? A hunger for more . Belief like fear or love is forced to be understood as we understand the theory of relativity , and principles of uncertainty . Phenomena that determine the course of our lives . Yesterday , my life was headed in one direction . Today , it is headed in another . Yesterday , I believe I would never have done what I did today . These forces that often remake time and space , they can shape and alter who we imagine ourselves to be , begin long before we are born , and continue after we perish . Our lives and our choices like quantum trajectories are understood moment to moment at each point of intersection , each encounter , suggest a new potential direction . Proposition : I have fallen in love with Luisa Rey . Is this possible ? I just met her , and yet ... I feel like something important has happened to me . That 's it . The music from my dream . This is from my dream , that night I came to your room . This is the music I heard in my head , somehow I gave it to you . I 've been working on this piece for weeks now . I suspect you heard it , and incorporated it into your dream . I call it the Cloud Atlas Sextet . This is obviously the result of our collaboration . The Atlas , I believe , is the only thing I 've done in my life that is of value . But I know I could not have written it , if I hadn 't met you . There are whole movements in the Atlas that I 've read imagining us , meeting again and again , in different lives and different ages . Yes ... Something as important as this cannot be described as " yours " or " mine " , it is " ours " . That this is exactly how I feel , Vyvyan . I 'm sorry , I ... - I thought ... - You thought ? You thought what ? That I might fancy a little buggering from a fine young dandy like yourself ? I pack my bag , and be gone by morning . You 'll do no such thing , you 'll leave only when I say you can leave . You will continue working on Vyvyan Ayrs ' Cloud Atlas . When it is finished , then I will decide what you do with you . You can 't keep me here ! I 'm leaving ! Good luck with your composing . I 'm sure a sterile old fuck like yourself is still capable of something completely unmemorable . I suggest you think about this , Robert.Think about reputation . Reputation is everything in our society . Yours , my disinherited reprobate , has expired . Did you not think that we would inquire about someone living under our roof ? Mackerras himself wrote , and I quote : " He is a prostitute whose liaisons with perverts and sodomites were common place in his brief and forgettable career at Caius . Lock up the silverware . " End of quote . Be warned . Leave here without my consent , and all the musical society will know of the degenerate Robert Frobisher . After that , even if you compose one of the greatest symphonies ever written , no one will hear it , because no one will want anything to do with you . I won 't let you go again . I told you he 'd come . Two things became clear . Hanging myself from Edinburgh 's flagpole is preferable to letting that parasite plunder my talent a day longer . I must complete my sextet . I can 't do it here , so tonight I plan to make my escape . Please stand by for vehicle scan . Clearance granted . Any jailbreak 's a risky proposition . One little cock-up , and we are dangling at her majesty 's pleasure . I know , I know . We could use code names , but the truth is I 'd probably be the first to forget mine . So , Mr. Cavendish ... Ernie Blancksmith . This is Mr. Meeks and my girl Veronica Costello . - To trust . - To trust . I know , I know . What about the parrot , then ? They will blow us as songbird . Mr. Meeks is a fine and honorable gentleman , he would never betray us . Besides , no one 's ever heard him say anything else . I know , I know . Question is , old man , think you 're up to snuff ? Unanimity requires compliance . We have a security code Red , prepare to be boarded . What are you going to do ? Stay calm , stay calm . " It will end in tears . " You 've warned me . I suppose I 'm as hopeless as Adam Ewing , oblivious towards the unspeakable forms lying and waiting , blind to the fact his friend is poisoning him . Wait , please ... The idea of losing this ring distresses me beyond measure . Don 't be a silly puff here , Adam , I 'm sure your wife will set your health above a golden loop . I have seen the onset for dropsy and it is not a pretty sight ! I know an excellent Spanish goldsmith , who works with such alacrity , that your Tilda may not have to know this was ever removed . - Give it to me ! - Get your fucking hands off my pudding ! It 's not your pudding , you Alzheimer riddled lout ! You 've already eaten ... Better get in here . Mr. Cavendish ! The room stank of bitter medicine . Curiously heavy things , guns . Why did I take it , exactly ? Can 't say . An intuition . A sense of significance . That from this point on ... there was no going back . Just seein ' them clouds , we run out o ' time . - Don 't need no smart rope . - Yeah , see you fall , I 'll catch you . Hands in the air . Now ! Move it , step off of the vehicle ! Get down . Down , now ! Fuckin ' migrant monkey-talk . Why do they hire these greasy stubs ? Negative , sir . Definite illegal . You turn him from now . I 'm reading a second life form ! - Where ? - In the truck . - Check it out . - Yes , sir . You troddin ' on the Devil 's ground now , Valleysman . I 'm sayin ' just once.That off-lander ain 't gettin ' to the top . Time for you to let go that rope . You trespass ... You pay the price . Now drop that rope . Drop that rope . - Forcecom 1 , entering the truck . - Roger that . I turn in visual . - It 's her ! - It 'll be okay , uh ? Fire at me . Fire at me ! Who are you ? Commander Hae-Ju Zheng . First science officer of the Union rebellion . Why are you doing this ? Because I believe you have the power to change this world . Drop that rope ... Let go that rope . " Hands are bleedin ' , can 't let go " Hands are bleedin ' . Can 't let go . Thank you Zachry . You saving ' me twice , ain 't ya ? You fall , I catch you . Excessive force confirmed . Stop them . Stop them now . What are you doing , boy ? I thought I made myself clear . - Do what you want . I 'm leaving ! - Fine , Frobisher ... Go , but I take this . - Give that to me . - It 's mine ! I 'm warning you ! Under the conditions of this relationship , I 'm certain that I 'm in my legal rights . Give it to me . Give it to me , or I swear to God I will kill you as you stand ! Please ... you 're a coward . - I 'll do it . - You won 't pull that trigger . Your kind never does . PACIFICJOURNAL OF ADAM EWING Yes . Yes , well ... How-how fares our worm today , Adam ? I - I 'm afraid it has taken the best of me . Oh no no no . Nonsense.Nonsense. You mustn 't give up.You must think of your beautiful wife . You must think of Tilda . They 're trapped in the downway.We 've got them . What are you doing ? Come on ! Hurry ! Nay , the dead never stay dead . Open your ears , and they 'll never stop a yibberin ' . What is this place ? Before the Fall , Old Uns built dwellings , beyond the sky , among the stars , this place joined here with them . Sonmi It is she . The Old Uns pray to Sonmi same as Valleysmen ? Nay ... not ' zactly same . Move it , move it ! Step aside Over here , this way . Come on . Stay close . Fabricants get snatched here . - All clear . - Thank you . No sweat , we 're partners.But you got to tell me what 's happening . Okay , let me take off these clothes , call the cops , and I promise I tell you everything that happen in the morning . Okay . But I hope you realize you just said exactly what every character in any decent mystery says right before they get killed . Good night , Javier . What 'd you mean down there ? ' bout ... The Old Uns and Valleymen praying 'to Sonmi not ' zactly the same ? Old men ... they were different . Different ? How ? You want the True-true ? This is where you live ? This ... is where Union was born . Sonmi was no God . She died hundreds of years ago on a faraway peninsula , deadlanded now . What ? I cog Valleysmens beliefs , I know Abbess teach you Sonmi was a miracle , birthed o ' Darwin god o ' Smart , but ain 't the True-true . Her life was sad n ' judased , she died tryin ' to change the Old-Uns thinkin ' . Liiiies ... nothing but lying . Nay , nay you-you 're lying . The nature of our immortal lives is in the ... Sonmi ? Before she died , she spoke of her acts n ' deedins ' . Her words are heart saving ' blessing ' , reminding ' me what 's the True-true . How long you lissin ' to this ? ! How long you jus ' stand there , n ' let a stranger keep fuggin ' your beliefs up n ' down , in n ' out ! Our lives do not belong to us , from womb to tomb , we 're bound to others . Zachry . You alright ? Finish your saysoe ... If I wanted to kill you , you 'd be dead . I 'm not gonna hurt you.I just want to talk . Be cool . Alright . And if I wanted to kill you , you 'd be dead already . How 's it feel , uh ? Good conversation start , isn 't it ? You are Lester Rey 's daughter , that 's for goddamn sure . - You knew my father ? - Korean War . I was in the two-one . That 's me on the end , next to your dad . Mortar landed so close it could have dropped out of my ass . If your father hadn 't done what he did , I wouldn 't be here . Guess that makes two of us . You ain 't let go that rope cause you ' a lusting ' for that darkly , sweet 'meat . I cog it all , now . This whore , with her cokeynut skin , and her slywise mask , smiling ' n ' worming ' her way into your trust so you bring ' her here , scavin ' n ' sivvin ' for what ? For what , fool ? They want the island . The Prescients want it all . You judasin ' your kin for a piece of ass . She ain 't your tribe , she ain 't even your color , she just ' bout ignoring ' all your yarns n ' ways , spinning ' n ' spouting ' her whoahsomse lies , and you lap it up , you dammit ! - That ain 't truth . - Ain 't it ? Then do sumthin ' , stop her ! Take your spiker an ' slit her throat ! Protect your tribe , protect your sister , little Caktin , kill her now , before it 's too late ! They will kill you . - You don 't know these people like I do . - Yeah ? Well if that 's all you came to tell me , you 're a little bit late . Somebody just forced me off the Swannekke bridge . This is out of control . Do you know who did it ? The contractor calls himself Bill Smoke . What ? He got Sachs . Isaac ? A bomb on his plane . The press is blaming the PLO . He was a threat . Like Sixsmith , like ... you . Bring them thru . Sonmi 451 , I 'm most honored to meet you . I am General An-Cor Apis , leader of Union . Who is paying them ? The same guy that pays me . Lloyd Hooks ? Hughes Pikes Consulting . I 've heard of them . They 're , uh ... lobbiers for oil companies . Why would big oil ... hire Lloyd Hooks to run a nuclear reactor ? You get that same look your father used to get . You see I told you . You see it , don 't you ? Hooks doesn 't want the report discovered , because he doesn 't want the reactor fixed . He wants it to fail . This is about the future of energy in this country . They want the explosion.The chaos and carnage . The more deaths , the better . Can 't cog o ' thing , words n 'worrins ' like a wasp 's nest , proke 'd n 'prod 'd by you . You come elbowin ' in ' our life , yibberin ' about the True-true , and never telling ' the whole true . I need to cog what you doin ' ! I told you.I come to send a plea o ' help . Help , why ? To steal our land ? To kill n ' slave us all ? ! What d 'you want ? ! Prescients ' dyin ' , Zach . Just like Catkin . This world poison me n ' all my kin ' . We get no help , ain 't no home if I don ' find a way . I say the truesome . We not survive . We not survive ... Ayrs has the dogs after me . The bullet passed through , killing little more than his appetite , and he 's out for blood.I 'll have to pay the piper . - I should call the cops . - It won 't help . How do I know you 're not lying to me ? Smoke will be coming for me , as soon as he figures out I 'm with you . We need that report . I can 't protect you for long without it . - General Apis ... - You , my dear ... are proof ... our efforts were not in vain . But ... I 'm just a dinery server . I was not genomed to alter reality . No revolutionary ever was . I 'm sorry . I cannot do what you 're asking . It would be a difficult choice for anyone . But , before you call your decision final , there is one last thing I would like you to see , in order to fully understand what we are fighting for . Cross your fingers n ' toes . If your pray ' be answered , nay Prescients never return to the Valley again ? Those wishing ' to come with us , they 're welcome . The Valley is my home . Are you alright ? I know ... it is forbidden . Sixsmith . I climb the steps of the Scot monument every morning . And all becomes clear . Wish I could make you see this brigthness . Don 't worry , all is well . All is so perfectly , damnably well . I understand now , that boundaries between noise and sound are conventions . All boundaries are conventions , waiting to be transcended . One may trandcend any convention , if only one can first conceive of doing so . Moments like this , I can feel your heart beating as clearly as I feel my own , and I know that separation is an illusion . My life extends far beyond the limitations of me . Storm is coming , Mr. Ewing . Gonna get you down below . I 'm not running a fuckin ' charity , out with you ! Off you go ! Aah , Mr. Ewing ! A-a-a word if you may . Dangerous times we have here.About that scandal . They say that ruffian Robert Frobisher is a composer . You 're a composer too , aren 't you Mr. Ewing ? - What d 'you want ? - The constable asked to search my rooms . I know how hard ... you 're working , so I told him there 's no one on the third floor . It costs quite a bit of money to keep an entire floor empty . That 's all I have . What a beautiful ... waistcoat . If these letters are important , - why d 'you keep reading them ? - I don 't know . Maybe I 'm ... just trying to understand something . What ? Why we keep making the same mistakes , over and over . Maybe you should ask ... Megan . - What ? - Do you know a Megan ? That 's his niece . How do you know that ? Looks like he mailed something to her . Probably used the envelope he was keeping letters in . Come on , Luisa . First rule of mystery writing : a good clue always leads to another clue . When the ghostly ordeal of Timothy Cavendish is turned into a film , I 'm thinking for the role of the hero , one patch of Laurence Olivier with a dash of Michael Caine . Who the hell is this ? The Doctor Conway of Aurora House , I 'm covering for Dr. Upward . - Ooh , is this about mother ? - Yes , it is , Mr. Hotchkiss , I-I 'm afraid you must deal yourself , I don 't think that she 's gonna last the night . Unfortunately , it is an unconvenient time for us , do we really need to come right now ? No no , of course not , but she did ask for you specifically , and she seems quite upset about her last will . I 'll be right there . The plan was a series of topling dominoes , that had commenced with Ernie announcing my death to nurse Noakes . - I know , I know . - Shhh ! The entire ambush hinged upon the silence of Mr. Meeks . - I know , I know . - Shhh ! Mr. Cavendish ? Everything alright ? - Don 't leave me here . - Shh . Mr. Cavendish ? - And yet , Mr. Cavendish , the rule ... - You temp-temperous witch ! Mr. Hotchkiss , your mother is my dearest friend here . Do please hurry . And so ... adieu ! Which , translated literally from the French , means : " To command before ... God " ! I have Joe Napier on Line 1 , Mr. Hooks . He said it can 't wait . For God sake , Joe , I am late already . What 's up ? I got a call from that reporter . Rey ... She was asking about Sixsmith . I see . You said she wasn 't gonna be a problem . Well , some problems are more resilient than others , Joe . - Where 's the ruddy key ? - He didn 't leave it in the ignition ! His wife was driving , she took it , the ruddy female took the key in with her ! Oh Sweet Saint Ruddy Jude , what do we do now ? Look under the sunpad . What is it ? It 's not a key , what 'd you do with it ? - What else could it be ? - Well , how does it work ? - Shite ! - Oh no ! Well , think of something , you 're the genius , you 're the bloody ruddy genius ! We 're done for . Oh right ... I can 't even believe I 'm going to do this . Is this thing working ? I mean is it still on , can you hear me ? Just keep walking . I think he 's behind me . Whatever you do , don 't look back . Get out of my car ! Or I 'm gonna blow you off ! if you don 't open the door - You ! Out ! - Open the door ! Press that button thru ! Oh no , it 's Mr. Meeks , he does want to come ! Ruddy bloody hell ! All for one and one for all ? The gate ! Veronica , would you unlock the door for Mr. Meeks . Hello Mr. Meeks , we 're off for a lifetime drive . I know , I know . - Rev in speed ! - Ho , how fondling ! Oh , no ! - Go for it , cavendish ! - Here we go ! Here we go . Come on , Adam , we haven 't all day.You really need to drink this . The worm fights back , it is always darkest before the dawn . Mr. Ewing ? Mr. Ewing is at a critical juncture in his treatment . The next few hours will determine if he lives or die . Then I stay here . - No , no , no you can 't . - I must . Mr. Ewing saved my life . It my duty . Listen to me , you ignorant ape , Mr. Ewing doesn 't want you around him , you probably infected him to begin with . He begged me , and I quote : " Keep that dirty nigger away from me ! " So please kindly respect his wishes ! - Where 'd he go ? - I don 't know . Shit ! To freedom . You are going to be sorry in ways you cannot even imagine . Joe ! - No immigrants here , no immigrants here . - Look , I 'm not an inspector . We need your help ... I don 't understand . We don 't want the police to get involved , but there is a man trying to kill me and we really need your help . Are there no true Scotsmen in the house ? Those there English gerrrrunts are trampling all over my God-given rrights ! These people are mine . They 've used me an ' my pals most direly , and we 're in need of a wee pit of assistance ! Right , pal ... We 'll not gonna let ye down . Now you just look here , you grebo , you can go shag your bloody sporran ... They two people came in here , which way did they go ? We treat labors good ! No need union ! Which way they go ? ! Shut up ! Shut the fuck up ! Stupid fucking wetback . What-what 's that , Ewing ? How shall I comprehend when you drool and dribble so ? Oh , let me hazard a guess , something in the key of " Oh Henry , how could you do this to me ? I thought we were friends ? " Oh , unfortunately , you 're wrong . Wrong like Horrox and your silly father-in-law . There is only one rule that binds all people , one governing principle that defines every relationship on God 's green earth . " The Weak are Meat and the Strong Do Eat . " That way . I told Hooks you couldn 't be trusted , Joe . You 'll be next , you silver bitch . Part of the business . Enjoy your retirement . Amaba ... a este ... perro ! And don 't call me a fucking wetback . " Why ? " you ask . It 's absurdly simple , there is gold in your trunk , I want it . so I 've killed you for it . Get off Mr. Ewing or you know I kill you ! Mr. Ewing , Mr. Ewing ! Gotta flush you out . Com 'on , Mr. Ewing . What was that ? Kona war-cry . Zachry ! Oh no no , Sonmi , no . Zachry ! This is what the general wanted me to see ? The end rushes towards me.Unable to eat or sleep . Like Ewing , the " mortal coil " has become a noose . I 'd rather become music . They believe they 're going to Exultation . But they are not , are they ? Welcome to Exultation . Take a seat . Just relax . This is to remove your collar . No Rose " Enemy 's sleepin ' , don 't slit that throat " The genomics industry demands a huge quantity of biomatter for wombtanks . and more importantly to sustain their engineered labor force . Recycled Fabricants are a cheap source of protein . Soap . They feed us to ourselves . That ship ... The ship must be destroyed . Yes . The systems that built them must be turned down . Yes . No matter if we 're born in a tank or a womb , we are all Pureblood . Yes . We must all fight ... and if necessary , die to teach people the truth . This is what we have been waiting for . It 's done . You were then taken to a Union control satellite link . I broadcast my Revelation to the twelve States and four Off-World colonies . 18 minutes later , the Enforcers attacked . To be is to be perceived . And so to know thyself is only possible through the eyes of the other . The nature of our immortal lives is in the consequences of our words and deeds , that go on and are pushing themselves throughout all time . Hide . From good chief , now you 're meat . - Catkin ... - Uncle Zach . Thanks saving ' me , Zachry . No , thank you . Com 'on , Mr. Ewing . One more . One more . Salt clean out your stomach . Close . Com 'on Mr. Ewing , com 'on ! Do you see where we are , Mr. Ewing ? Home . Megan Sixsmith ? Make them pay . You can count on it . Thank you . My uncle was a scientist , but ... he believed that love was real . A kind of ... natural phenomenon . He believed that love could outlive death . I finished it in a frenzy that reminded me of our last night in Cambridge . Watched my final sunrise , enjoyed the last cigarette . Didn 't think the view could be anymore perfect , until I saw that beat-up trilby . Honestly , Sixsmith , as ridiculous as that thing makes you look , I don 't believe I 've ever seen anything more beautiful . Watched you for as long as I dared . I don 't believe it was a fluke that I saw you first . - Okay . - Thank you . Captain saysoed he take you with us . - I wanna go with Meronym . - Go ... Go where ? Prescients in the same boat as all us.Got no home neitherwise . Nay , not yet . You think someone will gonna hear your prayer , come down from the sky ? Perhaps ... Perhaps one day . One day ain 't but a flea o ' hope . Yay , and fleas ain 't so easy to rid . I believe there is another world waiting for us , Sixsmith . A better world . And I 'll be waiting for you there . May I help you , sir ? Yes , thank you . I-I 'm looking for a friend who came to Edinburg ... I believe we do not stay dead long . Find me beneath the Corsican stars where we first kissed . Yours eternally . R.F. The report said commander Zheng was killed in the assault . That is correct . But you say that you loved him ? Yes I do . You mean you are still in love with him ? I mean that I will always be . Our lives are not our own . From womb to tomb , we 're bound to others . Past and present . And by each crime and every kindness , rebirth our future . In your Revelation , you spoke of the consequences of an undividual 's life replicated throughout eternity . Does this mean that you believe in an afterlife ? No heaven or hell ? I believe death is only a door . When its closes , another opens . If I can 't imagine heaven , I would imagine that door open . And behind it , I will find him there , waiting for me . My love ... . I 'm home . Oh God , I missed you so much . Thank you , sir . If I may ask one last question ... You had to know this Union scheme was doomed to fail . Yes . And why did you agree to it ? This is what general Apis asked of me . What , to be executed ? If I had remained invisible , the truth would stay hidden . I couldn 't allow that . And what if no one believes this truth ? Someone already does . Adam , good God ... I have just been recounting your astonishing adventure . Please , join us . Give him a chair . No no , thank you . I cannot stay . What are you doing here ? Has not the doctor said at least three weeks in bed ? He did , but this couldn 't wait . I need to speak with you , sir . Privately . Of course . Excuse me . Is that the contract from Reverend Horrox ? - It is indeed . - Well , you know I could have sent a boy . Are you insane ? ! I owe my life to a self-freed slave . And I cannot in good conscience participate in this kind of business any longer . This would make such a good book . I 'll drink to that . Outside , fat snow flakes are falling on slate roofs and granite walls . Like Solzhenitsyn laboring in Vermont , I shall beaver away in exile . Unlike Solzhenitsyn , I shan 't be alone . Goddamn you , sir , if you were not my daughter 's husband ... Hello , Father . Tilda ? What 's going on ? I 've come to say goodbye . Goodbye ? Where are you going ? We 're moving back East , to work with the abolitionists . What ? That poison has rotted your brain . Oh yes , I highly recommend it . I 've not felt that good in years . Tilda , I forbid you from going anywhere with this mad man . I 've been afraid of you my whole life , Father . I 'm going with my husband . Adam . Listen to me ... For the sake of my grandson , if not your own ... there is a natural order to this world , and those who try to upend it do not fare well . This movement will never survive . If you join them , you and your entire family will be shunned . At best , you exist as paria , to be spat on and beaten . At worst , lynched or crucified . And for what ? For what ? No matter what you do , it will never amount to anything more than a single drop in a limitless ocean . What is an ocean but a multitude of drops ? Fire is dyin ' . Just as well , my yawning ' is done . No , please Gran 'Pi , Please ! Come on , come here , you little buggars ! Com 'on , it 's getting cold ! Now , you heard your Gran 'mi , com 'on , get on with you . You like it down here , don 't you Gran 'pi ? Supposin ' ... reminds me of my Valley . Which is Earth ? That in there , that blue shimmering ' . Now , help your Gran 'pi up . You gonna tell us about theroguesome ship , and the big split , and all the next-next ? Oh , your Gran 'mi tells the next-next way better than me . D 'you still love Gran 'mi ? Your Gran 'mi is the best thin ' that ever happened to me . Come on , you Gran 'pi . Let me warm that li 'le ol ' bone .
