 Reporter : 6 : 00 am is the appointed time of death as laid down by the state of Kentucky . Oswald Danes faces his last moments on this earth . Members of the public have gathered outside the Montrose Hill State Penitentiary , but the planned protests against the death sentence have failed to appear , which isn 't surprising given the nature of the offense . A former schoolteacher convicted in 2006 of the rape and murder of 12-year-old Susie Kabina , Danes will be remembered for his infamous line of defense . Upon his arrest , he told the police : " She should 've run faster . " The condemned is permitted to make a final statement . ( Breathes slowly ) ( Table clicks , whirring ) ( Clicks , whooshes ) ( Clicks , whooshes ) ( Groaning , choking ) Did you ever hear of Torchwood ? Never mind that . Guess what I just heard . You know , Steve Reynolds , well , it turns out his wife is sick . She has leukemia or something like that . Whatever it is , it sounded long term . Apparently , it 's British- - the Torchwood Institute . Hello ? Are you listening ? You see , if Steve 's gotta come home that leaves a space in Venezuela . I spent 18 months working out the Maracaibo routes , so it 's mine . ( Laughs ) - I get promoted . - Congratulations . - Thank you . - And Steve 's only been married six months . All you want from me , you know ? It 's a tragedy . All the same , this thing might be worth following . It just got sent down . The word " Torchwood " has been emailed to every single east-coast section chief completely bypassing security . Just one word- - Torchwood . Following up this Torchwood incident- - wondering if you can access the E.U. files . No no , it 's not- - it 's not " Touchwood , " it 's " Torchwood " - - T-o-r-c-h-w ... So what is Torchwood anyway ? I 've looked it up . It 's some pretty freaky stuff . - I 'll send it to you now . - ( Beeping ) - Sounds more intelligence , not clandestine . - You getting this ? - ( Beeping continues ) - And if it 's got the title institute , that means that it 's been officially sanctioned by the U.K. government , which we all know is a big hassle because that administration is like kindergarten . It 's gone . It just got wiped like a virus . - It just vanished . - Okay . I guess that 's that . Now go ask around about Steve 's wife . Get a proper diagnosis . We need a timeline on this . And pass that Torchwood thing on to somebody else . It has absolutely nothing to do with me . ( Screeching ) ( Grunts , groans ) - ( Groans ) - Rex ? Rex ? ! ( Coughs ) - ( Gasps , pants ) - You okay ? Yeah . Yeah . Dunno . Just ... Bad dream . What about ? Oh . Oh , what d 'you think ? ( Sighs ) Torchwood . ( Theme music playing ) ♪ Torchwood : Miracle Day 4x01 ♪ The New World Original Air Date on July 8 , 2011 = = sync , corrected by elderman = = ( Sirens blaring ) His pulse is fast and week- - systolic B.P. 70 . Beats me how he 's still alive . Rex , my name is Dr. Juarez , okay ? We 're taking you straight into surgery . Do you understand ? Is he okay ? His name is Rex Matheson . - You family ? - No , I 'm just a colleague . We work- - It 's family only . - ( Ragged breathing ) - He 's the second one tonight- - D.O.A.s who just won 't die . Man : We had a jumper this afternoon- - 22 floors- - everything pulverized . Pneumothorax- - both sides , but she wouldn 't die . Same thing . - Just wouldn 't die . - ( Monitor beeping ) ( Helicopter whirring ) Don 't be so suspicious . - What they flying past for ? - Because they can . This is God 's own country , that 's all . Just looking . Now stop it . ( Beeps ) " So went outside all on my own . 'Twas midnight , not a sound to be heard . And I looked up and a woman came out to the sky ... " ( Gasps softly ) " Shining she was , like moonlight , her eyes white , blazing white . And then she started to sing like a thousand choirs . One woman with a thousand voices and it was beautiful- - " that 's enough , don 't you think ? Who 's being paranoid now ? ( Chuckles ) You promised we you 'd keep her away from this stuff . Yeah , well , be fair . She 's too young . She thinks it all sounds like a fairy tale . It was a nightmare , Gwen . Your life back then was a living nightmare , love . ( Knocks on door ) - There 's someone at the door . - Shh . - What do we do ? - Shh . ( Whispers ) You and- - ( knocks on door ) ( Cocks rifle ) Shh . - Hi , hello . - Sorry . I hope we 're not disturbing you . Just wondering , if we 're going back to the village , is it quicker to cut back across to the beach or would we get cut off at this time of the day ? Better to ask , I thought , just in case . We have got proper shoes . We can get across nice and quickly . It 's private property . I 'm busy . ( Sighs ) ( Sighs ) - ( Softly ) " Get off my land . " - Shut it . Shh , oh my God , I could have shot them . Hey hey , we 're safe , sweetheart . No one knows we 're here . All that stuff 's long since gone . - ( Laughs ) - No more Torchwood , right ? - Yeah . Okay . - It 's gone . - Forgotten , eh ? - Yeah , all right . Sorry . Okay . Come here . Popular man , Rex Matheson . We 've had three different station chiefs on the phone . - No sign of his family ? - We only have a number for his father . I left a message , but no one 's called back . Is he- - No . No , he made it . - He 's alive . - God , I- - thank you . I- - the paramedics , they said he didn 't stand a chance . Well , looks like someone changed the rules . Miracles got easy . It 's not only Rex who 's still alive . So is everyone else . Sorry . I don 't get you . It started last night . First I knew , they called up from the morgue . They were laughing . They said , " what 's happening up there ? You on strike ? " Turns out no one had died . 24 hours since this hospital had a death- - not one- - not from old age , not from injury , not from sickness- all day long . - Just a coincidence , I suppose . That 's what I said , yeah . Then I was on a call to St Jude 's in Chicago . And they said , " Well , here 's a funny thing : Past 24 hours , we 've registered no deaths , not one . So I called my ex-husband . He 's at Cedarbrook . Same story- - all day , no deaths . I tried London . I have this friend at the Royal Free Hospital . I called her . She said , " That 's weird . It 's the same thing over here . " 24 hours , no one 's died . What do you think of that ? Hmm ? One lucky day . The survival of Oswald Danes turns out to be the first incident in a much bigger story breaking live this morning . When the Kentucky medical authority made a chance comment that it hadn 't recorded a single death over 24 hours ... 17 more authorities immediately reported the same thing . The story exploded on social network sites . ( Speaking Spanish ) ... Miracle trending as the number-one topic . From Maine to California the story is the same ... - For the past 36 hours ... - Both : ... No fatalities have been reported . - No one has died . - Not one person in the United States ... - Not a single death . - All : Miracle day . - " Miracle day . " - That 's what 's being called . Miracle day . ( Buzzer sounds ) Mr. Danes , I 'm Alexander Peterssen representing the governor 's office . What , I don 't get a personal visit ? Peterssen : I 'm afraid not , given the circumstances . But the governor 's office would like to offer its condolences without an admission of liability for any physical distress caused by events beyond its control . Condolences ? He can 't just say sorry ? You have to respect his position . You 're a convicted pedophile , sir , and a convicted murderer . By your own admission , you took the life of a 12-year-old girl , so the governor 's apology is always gonna be within certain limits . When are you gonna let me go ? Well , I don 't think that 's possible . I 've served my sentence . Granted , the execution was flawed , but that doesn 't defer the sentence . With respect , you don 't reprieve a man you failed to hang because the rope snapped . Indeed . And with respect , that particular aphorism applies only - for an execution which has failed . - And that 's you . On the contrary , I would maintain and my lawyers would maintain my sentence was carried out successfully . Nothing went wrong- - absolutely nothing . The fact that life and the laws of life on this Earth have changed is hardly my fault . Society is full of out-there laws , Mr. Danes . Nonetheless , they still apply . That 's right , Mr. Peterssen . And when considering the persistence of the law , then the Eighth Amendment clearly forbids the application of cruel and unusual punishment such as mine alongside the Fifth Amendment and I quote , " Nor shall any person be subject for the same offense twice . " The Founding Fathers practically had me in mind when they wrote the constitution . Don 't you think though ? Don 't you think ? Because I can guarantee , Mr. Peterssen , that when I talk of lawyers , I mean the team who will be suing the governor- - and I mean the governor himself . Not his office , but the actual man . They will be suing him for wrongful imprisonment . And I promise you that they will sue his ass to high heaven till angels sing songs of him in their laments . - Is that clear ? - Perfectly . Then go tell him . Because with every passing second , that 's a million dollars more . Mr. Peterssen , thank you . Thank you very much . Hey . Heard about Rex . Is he okay ? Yeah . Thought it was a miracle . Turns out it 's everyone . Did you get any more on that Torchwood thing ? No , it 's been shut down . Orders of Brian Friedkin- - goes through his office only . - Case closed . - But what was it ? 'Cause the way those files disappeared ... The world changed overnight , yeah ? Some old British thing is not on the top of the list . Torchwood . If that wasn 't a virus , there 's gotta be some sort of malware . It 's like nothing I 've ever seen . The word " Torchwood " is vanished . It 's been eradicated . If you search for Torchwood , you get no results . Nothing gets no results . There 's gotta be something on paper . The shelves are bare . It 's all gone to Friedkin . I asked Yvonne . ( Clears throat ) She said it was classified under the 456 regulations . - She said you wanna stay away . - Why ? They all died , so the story goes . Anyone that worked for Torchwood was killed in action . And they died young . - Woman : Seen the TV ? - ( Gulps ) It 's not just you . - ( TV turns on ) - ( Woman on TV ) This goes beyond America . It 's worldwide . You 've got the same reports from Europe , from Asia , from Africa . Man : Every death is different . You can 't suspend death like it 's a fixed concept . This goes against the fundamental rules of life on Earth . They shot him ! They shot my brother like ... Bam bam bam , but , you know , he 's still alive and his heart 's still going . He reached out- - whether it 's a disease or an experiment or a project gone wrong , it 's obvious we 're the victims now . We 're the lab rats . These people are dead . That 's what they are- - dead people sitting up in bed . They terrify me . I 'm not touching them . I 'm sorry , but they should be corpses . That 's what they are- - living corpses . - ( Velcro rips ) - ( Groans ) ( Beeping ) - ( Groans ) - ( Beeping faster ) ( Sobbing ) The metal missed the spine , but the pericardium was lacerated and a coronary artery was crushed and thrombosed . That 's the one in your leg . I had to transplant a section of vein from your thigh . But how did I survive ? I ... don 't know . Even when your heart stopped beating , the process continued- - the process of life , the viability of the flesh , the transfer of oxygen- - it just didn 't stop . Do I get better ? Do I heal ? Or do I just hurt for the rest of my life ? Because if this thing keeps going , the rest of my life is forever , right ? Rex , now listen to me . 'Cause you might wanna take something under consideration- - that maybe you were lucky . - ( Scoffs ) - You should 've died last night , but when this thing happened- - the miracle- - it gave me time to fix you . Without the miracle , you 'd be dead . It 's like someone cast a spell over the whole world . But what happens when it stops , huh ? What happens to me then ? Do I die ? Oh , you are so cheating . ( Laughs ) Cheating ? How can I cheat painting a wall ? Only a man can turn this into a competition . - You just went- - whoosh . - Well , look- - whoosh . - With one stroke , that 's hardly a coat . - ( Phone rings ) Oh , bollocks . - Oh bollocks , bollocks . - It might be nothing . There 's only one reason why that phone could ring . But where have you put it ? Where have you put it ? It 's in there . What is it ? What is happened ? This is Sergeant Davison with a phone-in report of one suspect , male , in the vicinity of Saint Helen 's Hospital , Cardiff City . So just rendezvous at 0200 hours in the agreed position . ( Beeps ) It 's my dad- - he 's in hospital . Uh , I 've gotta see him . Sorry , Rhys . We 've gotta go back . Man : Friedkin 's office took all the Torchwood files , - cleared us out . - I know . He sent me the double check . 'Cause files get left behind and- - especially if there 's a hard copy inside an associated pile . That sort of thing always gets missed . Just need to check on all the associations . Okay . Not sure where to begin . Better find out then . Right . Okay . Thanks . ( Sighs ) ( Rips ) ( Softly ) 456 ... 456 . 456 . 456 ! ( Rips ) Come with me . ( Gurgles ) ( Clangs ) Down ! ( Groaning ) Oh my God . Is he gonna die ? Don 't worry about it . No one dies these days . Do you wanna bet ? ! - ( Pants ) - ( Coughing ) Whoa . Anyway , Captain Jack Harkness . Nice to meet you . ( Sirens blaring ) Here you go . That man- - He was after me , not you . Why ? Why would he want you dead ? On the very day that no one 's dying . Wish I knew . And what got you so involved ? I 'm not authorized for this , but this friend of mine- - I was telling him about Torchwood and ... He crashed his car while I was talking to him . And I can 't help but thinking- that it 's all my fault . - I know the feeling . - So what is Torchwood ? - ( Sighs ) Torchwood no longer exists . Then what was it ? 'Cause there were photos in that file of a man who looked just like you , but it said 1939 , then 1925 . Is he your father ? I suppose it must be . - Are you all right ? - Yeah . I hurt my arm . Considering what we just went through , I would say that was a miracle . Yeah , another one . The Torchwood Institute was set up by the British royal family in 1879 to defend the realm of Great Britain by investigating the unusual , the strange and the alien . I 'm kind of guessing " alien " doesn 't mean foreign . Alien as in extraterrestrial . Oh my God . ( Snickers ) This whole situation , worldwide- - that 's exactly the kind of thing - we used to investigate . - Torchwood- - they said that people died , but there was that other photo- - uh- - Gwen Cooper- - there was no date of death . She 's still alive . The last one left . And I 'm gonna keep her safe , which means making sure that the institute stays dead and buried . So that first email last night , - the one that just said " Torchwood " - - - wasn 't me . God knows who it was . But that was enough to call me back and I got to work releasing the malware , destroying hard copies , removing all traces of the word , using Retcon . What 's Retcon ? What 's Retcon ? It 's a smart drug- - selective amnesia . No . You won 't remember a thing . Nice to meet you , Esther . Reporter : The fire at the CIA archive - is now under control ... - An explosion right at our doorstep . It 's a gift . Now take a look at the victims . Are they dead or not ? You 're not the first to think of it , Mr. Matheson . Stop running the case from a hospital bed . Wait wait wait , what are you talking about ? Who else is there ? I really can 't talk . - Who else is onto this ? - Check the Ringmain . The what ? Hello ? F.B.I. Hey , my man , what the hell is the Ringmain ? It 's the internal cameras . It 's the security system , that 's all . ( Huffs ) ( Phone keys beep ) ( Groans ) Yeah . Yeah , this is Rex Matheson with the C.I.A. Put me on with your chief of security . Yeah , right now . Session begins supervised by attending surgeon Professor Victor Louis Santini and witnesses to be listed in the hospital register . The purpose of this enquiry is to determine- - well , as you 'll see , following the explosion at the C.I.A. archive ... Got it . One of the victims has been ... ( Man groaning ) ( Squishing ) Yes , I think we can- - I 'm sorry . They brought me in as an expert , but I don 't know what the hell this is . We think this man was right at the center of the blast ... And yet he 's still alive . Clearly , the skin is burnt . He 's not indestructible , just undying ... - ( Groans ) - Ever-living . We 're going to need a new vocabulary . But we 're getting the same results from all over the world . Is that actual consciousness ? It seems like he 's still aware . Excuse me . I was wondering- - Owen Harper , F.B.I. - -But what if you detach the head ? I mean , would he stay alive without his head ? - I suggest we find out . - Excuse me , you can 't do that . I mean , literally , you can 't- - this man is not dead . He 's our patient . Your comments have been noted , Dr. Juarez . Now shall we begin ? ( Whispers ) Oh my God . Don 't tell me this is a virus or evolution or whatever . This is deliberate intervention . I mean , all of us have been changed by design . But how ? Who could do this ? Who 's got the technology ? Simple answer : No one on this Earth . ( Sirens blaring distantly ) ( People speaking softly ) What the hell ? Long time no see . Oh my God . Hey . And you , big lunk- - daddy daycare . Look at her . So your father had a mild heart attack on Saturday night and then a second on Sunday and that was quite bad , to be honest . But he 's stable now . He 's out of I.C.U. The funny thing is , if you 're gonna get sick , - he didn 't half choose the right day . - What do you mean ? Look at them . They 're all gathering around the hospitals like they 're the new churches . I 'm not kidding . We 've had doctors being worshipped - since miracle day . - What 's miracle day ? Are you kidding me ? Haven 't you heard ? - Heard what ? - Come on . It started two nights ago . People stopped dying . They still get hurt , sick- - they just won 't die . Oh , you silly girl . - I said stay away . - How could I do that , mom ? What if someone sees you ? It 's not safe . You told me . What if someone 's watching ? Oh , look at her . Come here . - ( Chuckles ) - Oh . Good God , she 's enormous . Rhys : That 's your grandma , remember ? Could she- - never sees me , does she ? Not since the day she was born . - ( Fussing ) - Oh , hey , come see your granddad . Hi , dad . Hey . It 's me . Hello . - You shouldn 't have . - There we are then- - tough . ( Chuckles ) And you can stop all this nonsense , okay ? I want you up and out this bed , lazy old thing . - ( Laughs ) - ( Baby coos ) Ah , there she is . - Princess . - Look at her though . She 's huge . - She 's perfectly normal , mom . - I thought you were being frugal . - What are you feeding her ? Lard ? - Yes , mom . I 'm feeding her lard . Keep telling her that . By the time she 's 13 , she 'll have a complete psychological complex . Stop it now , you two . - Oh , sorry . - It 's okay . Mary : What do you think it is , Gwen ? What happened to us ? This never-ending life , what is it ? Should I be dead , sweetheart ? I don 't know , dad . It 's the sort of thing ... - Your lot used to tackle . - Yeah , but Torchwood 's gone , Dad . There 's no one else left on Earth , just me . ( Sobs ) Okay ? And I 'm sorry ( weeping ) Because I don 't know what to do . I don 't know what to do , Dad . It 's all over the world the world . Look . Look at this . Somalia has stopped fighting . Well , warfare is even worse when the bodies refuse to die . But take a look at North Korea- - huh , spoiling for a fight . They 've got a lot of soldiers who think they 're immortal . But this miracle , it 's specifically human . I mean , it 's gotta be . This website says if insects stopped dying , we 'd be overrun within 48 hours flat . And that hasn 't happened . So this thing is being targeted at us . Have a look-see . Budge over . - I 've missed all this . - I haven 't . - It 's quiet without you . - Tch . Here we go . Look . Planet Earth- - on average , 300,000 people die every day . So if they stop dying , that 's an extra million people in just over three days . Add to that 500,000 people born every day- - that 's another million every two days plus the first million . Bloody hell . That 's the fastest population boom in history . - We 're gonna run out of room . - We 'll run out of food first . A guy on the telly was saying we 've got four months like this- - just four months- - and then that 's it . Society just collapses ; everyone fighting each other for food like animals . Oi . What are you two doing ? Uh , I was just asking for some advice . Yeah , don 't you start . Gwen ? - Yes ? - No more investigations . You promised . We 're here to see your dad . That 's it . Huh ? Do you want to come and have a look ? Come on , bright eyes , follow me . Look , intensive care overflow . They 've got 12 beds with 17 patients already . What 's gonna happen tomorrow ? And the day after that ? - And the day after that ? And the day- - - Listen now , every time you investigate something , you end up in danger , Gwen . - ' Cause I can help . - Don 't you dare . - So you- - - I said don 't you dare ! Have you got that ? ! Don 't you bloody dare , Gwen ! ( Panting ) See , the thing is , right , if you think miracle day is like a Torchwood case , others are gonna think the same , aren 't they ? They 're gonna come looking for you with guns - like they did the old days . - I suppose , yeah . Yeah , we shouldn 't even be in the city ! There are cameras everywhere , man ! And it 's different now . You 've got a daughter . And you can 't go putting her into danger ! That is why we live in the back of beyond- - to keep her safe . We 've gotta go back ! My dad is sick . Oh , think about it ! People aren 't dying . He 's gonna survive . Shh , now . Shh . Think about Anwen . ( Laughs ) Maybe our daughter 's gonna live forever . Don 't , okay ? Don 't make her part of this- - this thing , okay ? Don 't ! Do you think she could ? Possible , yeah . See , maybe you should let this happen ... For once . - Let 's go home . - Yes . - Let 's go home . - ( Laughs softly ) ( Groans ) ( Groans ) ( Coughs , grunts ) ( Exhales ) ( Groaning ) ( Gasps ) ( Whispers ) What the hell ? Reporter : The search or suspects continues after last night 's massive explosion - at the CIA archives ... - Nice for some , having the morning off ? Yeah , I , um- - had things to do . Missed all this . ( Clears throat ) You owe me . Yasmin works in Friedkin 's office . She got me the last remaining copy of the Torchwood file . Now you can take me to dinner . - ( Phone rings ) - Esther Drummond . Hello . Is there a database correlating mortality rates from every single hospital in the world ? Are you on your cell phone ? 'Cause you 're not allowed to be using it . And is anyone talking to morticians ? Because they 've gotta be the first to notice , right ? There 's nothing . There 's no news . The whole thing , it 's kind of intangible . How do you investigate something not happening ? And all that Torchwood stuff has gone up to Friedkin . Oh , yeah ? ( Pants ) So what 's Torchwood gotta do with it ? I don 't know . It 's sort of connected , isn 't it ? Well , no it 's not . It 's a completely different case . Sure . Of course it is . Then why did you mention it ? Don 't know . I suppose it just happened at the same time ? So what is Torchwood anyway ? Um , some kind of British intervention agency- - closed down- - used to specialize in 456 cases and above . So that first email with " Torchwood , " you know , the security breach , - when did that come through ? - Sunday night- - 22 : 36 . - ( Groans ) 22 : 36 , huh ? - Yep . ( Softly ) 22 : 36 . 22 : 36 was the last reported death- - the last death on planet Earth . Well , that 's disputable . They said that the last death was on Monday . - No no no . Monday in Shanghai . - ( Beeping ) At 11 : 36 . Washington , D.C. is 13 hours behind at 22 : 36 . Both those things happened at the same time . Don 't you see ? You were right . ( Grunts ) It 's all connected . Torchwood 's the key to this whole thing . Rex , I 've warned you . You 're gonna kill yourself ! I can 't . That 's the point . ( Grunts ) All right , so give me those names again . Um , um , Captain Jack Harkness and Gwen Cooper . Zero information on him and no sightings of Cooper for the last 12 months . - It 's like she 's gone underground . - Yeah , that 's them . The case details have been censored by unit headquarters . This file 's got referrals going to Geneva and above . It 's way beyond top secret . - Yeah yeah yeah , C.I.A. move out of my way . - You can 't take them . Rex , what do you think you 're doing ? - Sorry , Doc , I 'm too busy . - You are in no condition to leave . Oh , I 'm not just leaving . ( Grunts ) - I 'm flying ... - Oh my God . ... All the way to the United Kingdom . Esther , book me a flight . ( Grunts ) Hey , C.I.A. ! I 'm taking that cab . Move the hell out of the way . Move ! ( Pants ) Now make sure you get ahold of supplies 'cause I 'm gonna need a requisition 15 . ( Softly ) What do you need that for ? You do know what a requisition 15 is , right ? Of course , I do . It 's clearance to take a handgun on a plane . Well , then I 'm taking a handgun on a plane . Now book that flight . Okay , your flight departs at 0200 hours , but your requisition has been refused . Tengo tu pasaporte . If requisitions won 't move , then get me a handgun from U.K. Security . How am I supposed to do that ? - ( Speaks Spanish ) - Shh ! Get me the gun ! Rosita , Rosita , here . I don 't know when I 'm coming back , all right ? I don 't want you letting your husband into my house . - You got that ? No husband-o . - ( Speaks Spanish ) No husband-o . - ( Dings ) - ( Attendant on P.A. ) All right , now concentrate . The life of Gwen Cooper- - what do we know ? Ex-police . It says that she joined the Torchwood Institute in October , 2006 . All right , now hold on , hold on . Go through her police records , find out everyone she worked with , - everyone she trained with . - Attendant : I 'm sorry , sir . I have to ask you to turn your phone off now . C.I.A. and I 'm sick ! Gwen Cooper . Find out everything . I can 't get into the database . I 'll need your password . - ( Phone clicks ) - Rex ! ( Sighs ) All right . So where the hell was I ? Right . The password 's " Madrid 6-6-2-1-1 . " That 's " Madrid " with a capital " m . " Now go through that list and scan through their records using a level-1 filter . Should highlight anything with a red flag or a caution pertaining to Homeland Security . I 've got one positive response- - Police Sergeant Andrew Davison , Cardiff resident . There 's a note in his file- - says he was Gwen Cooper 's unofficial liaison . I can access his private calls . ( Sighs ) I 've got to filter this through Whitehall - how long 's it gonna take ? - Any minute now . And what the hell is this bridge ? - The Severn Bridge ? - It connects England to Wales . What , you mean Wales is separate ? ( Pants ) It 's like the British equivalent of New Jersey . Hold on , hold on . I think I 've got something . Sergeant Davison made one call on Tuesday at 17 : 08 to a number that 's on the U. K. Hickman register . That 's a list of cell numbers allocated to witness protection schemes . That 's it then- - we 've got her . I can request that through MI5 . Now what is this ? Wait a minute , I 've gotta pay for this bridge ? ( Sighs ) Goddamn Wales . I 've traced the handset . Sending you the coordinates ... - ( Keyboard keys click ) - ... Now . It 's at 51 ° , 34'N ; 4 ° , 17'W . I got it . ( Groaning ) - ( Guns cock ) - C.I.A. ! - Yeah ? So what ? - ( Coughing , wheezing ) Extraordinary scenes in Kentucky as the governor 's office releases Oswald Danes on parole . The charity Freedom and Liberty has employed a force majeure ruling to define Danes ' survival as an act of God with liability now on the state to prove otherwise . ( Angry clamoring ) ( Engine starts ) ( Buzzer sounds ) ( Clamoring continues ) ( Pounding on car ) We 're off . We 're gonna get a good head start and phone you an ambulance . Don 't follow us . Don 't even try . We just want to be left alone , okay ? ( Grunting ) - ( Groans ) - Hold it right there , mate . Ah , so much for tying him up . - I 've never tied up a person . - Men are good at knots . - How many times have you told me that ? - At Christmas . Hey ! Hey hey hey hey hey . I had a pole through my chest . I was dead , then I wasn 't . I had to pay for this bridge and now I wanna know what the hell is going on , all right ? - ( Helicopter whirring ) - Because I was dead and now I 'm not . And if that has anything to do with Torchwood or- - or you or anyone , - then I need- - - ( Whirring intensifies ) You know , it would really help if could hear myself think . What the hell is he doing ? It 's a tourist thing . Gwen : No . No , I don 't think it is . ( Whispers ) Sweetheart . Get back ! Get in the car ! Come on ! Come on ! Can 't leave you alone for a minute . It 's you . Gwen Cooper- - find out everything . - ( Grunts ) - ( Beeps ) She said to turn off the phone . - Never annoy me again . - ( Helicopter approaching ) Now get in . Jack , for God 's sake , there 's a kid here ! I got a present for you in the back . Give her to me , Gwen ! You there , C.I.A. , do something useful ! Wales is insane ! Get down ! - Who the hell are you people ? - Torchwood . ( Explosion ) ( Panting ) ( Phone rings ) Right . So that 's sorted . Rhys , take Anwen to my mother 's and keep her safe . Jack , if you 've got access to any weapons , what else have we got ? I still got the old I-5s , but everything else is gone . I knew it though . Didn 't I say ? First sign of trouble , you go running off with Captain Jack bollocks . What choice have I got ? They 've rebuilt to the tower ; well , now we 're rebuilding Torchwood . Isn 't that right , Jack ? - You even listening to me ? - I cut my arm . Okay . Can 't help but thinking there 's more important things - to be worrying about here . - No . I cut my arm . Look at it- it 's not healing . - Do you mean- - - I 'm staying hurt . - Oh my God . - I know . - Seriously though . - It 's only a cut . - But it 's Jack . Don 't you see ? The whole world becomes immortal ... And I mortal . I don 't mend . I 'm normal again . I 'm plain old human . - You 're what ? - Doesn 't concern you ! ( Scoffs ) You talk some crazy shit , you know that ? You should get that seen too . - Yeah , any minute now . - ( Sirens blaring ) Oh , here comes my ride . - Andy , you can 't do this . - Orders from above . I 'm sorry . - He 's in charge . - Since when ? He can 't arrest us . He 's an American . I hate to bust up your sweet little tea party , but this isn 't an arrest . This is a rendition . And on behalf of the C.I.A. under the 456 amendments to U.S. code 3184 , I 'm extraditing this so-called Torchwood team to the United States of America . Now get me out of here ! Take me home . ( Theme music playing ) = = sync , corrected by elderman = =
