 Subs created by : David Coleman . I saw , like , two graves . That spirit told me , I 'll be back . They are cutting off his skin on his face . It is kind of creepy , some dead person in your house . He 's just screaming and losing it . He had a run-in with the Ku Klux Klan . So the Klan tarred and feathered him . These men started dying horrible deaths . He was not a good guy . So he 's dead . My name is Amy Allan . There 's something down there . I see dead people . He doesn 't want me back there . I speak to dead people ... She 's pissed . And they speak to me . She doesn 't like the people who live here . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . Someone did hang themselves here . - Where ? - There . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Di Schiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . Did you want to kill him ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . She did die in this house . It 's my job to reveal them . Would you be surprised if there were bodies in the basement ? No . Steve and I never speak ... We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end ... Not good . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay ... Will it get worse ? Or time to get out . - Oh , yes . - Whew . Steve will conduct his investigation , without knowing anything that I 've encountered . He 'll uncover as much as he can about the history of the location . At the end , we come together to compare our research . I 'm down here in Key West , Florida . Now this is a real vacation spot , a real party town . But not everybody down here is having a good time . I got a call from a woman named Colette . Now Colette owns a small home down here in Key West . Ever since she bought it , she 's had some strange things going on . Strange feelings , her partner 's seeing things , apparitions . I 'm about to meet with her now and see if I can get to the bottom of it . Before I enter a location ... Matt will come in and cover or remove anything that could be leading information . And then I come in . I saw , like , two graves . There was time between these two deaths . I feel like they knew each other . It was like a betrayal from a lot of these people . And they are cutting on his face and they 're cutting off his skin on his face . He 's , like , now in a violent rage . He 's throwing a chair . He 's smashing things . And he 's just screaming . He 's just , like , losing it . Colette ? - Yes . Steve ? - Yeah , how are you ? - Come on in . Welcome to my home . - All right , thanks . Ever since I moved in , I felt someone was here . I knew that I wasn 't alone . There was other spirits or something here in the house . And it 's been that way ever since I 've lived here . - When did you move in ? - It 's been less than a year ago . - Okay . - And there 's different things going on . I feel cold spots everywhere . But I don 't see anything . I don 't hear anything , really . It just felt like someone else is in the room but you couldn 't see him . I know it 's a dead person . I just would appreciate if you could get to the bottom of this . All right , so you thought to yourself that that chill was a being of some sort . - Something , yes . - Okay . And you feel them , and it 's almost like they 're right on you , just a drastic change in temperature . Why don 't you explain to me how the temperature changes ? I mean , how exactly do you feel it ? What happens ? It 's like a major cold blast . I 'm frozen to the bone . And it 's only in spots . Now when do you feel it mostly ? Is it when you 're up and walking around or when you 're sitting still , and all of a sudden it gets cold , describe it to me . A lot of times , right here in this corner , I 'll be sitting right here on the couch , and it 's like I 'm freezing . I go get another sweatshirt on . And it 's hot outside . Yeah , it 's hot here . It is kind of creepy when you think about it , you know , some dead person in your house . There 's people ... Two main people . There 's a male . Hmm . He wanted to hurt somebody . Hmm . Let 's go to the back . There 's more out here . He 's had , like , something that really bothered him . Like , a lot of anger . Got to get rid of that . Well , basically , I feel things . And my partner Glen sees things . - Now ... - Throughout the house . - He sees things ? - Yes . Glen sees all this activity , people walking through the house . And it 's just weird . Now Glen is ... he stays here with you or ... Yeah , he 's my partner . He 's a treasure hunter . He actually sees him . He 'll say , you know , there 's bunch of activity going on today , Colette . I can 't believe you don 't see these people . I mean , it 's not just one or two people . He sees several . Okay . I think I really didn 't pay attention until ... Glen came back from his salvage work . It just seemed to be stronger or happen more often . - You think Glen might have ... - Brought ? I don 't know . He could have brought something from ... I don 't know . How do I know he 's not bringing other spirits with him into this home ? I don 't know how these things work , to be honest . But it 'd be nice to know what 's going on in this house . Since I can 't base an investigation on cold chills and creepy feelings , I 'm gonna talk to Colette 's partner Glen . He may be able to provide a partial description . Glen , you 've seen some things in the house that Colette hasn 't seen . Can you go into an explanation of what you saw ? A lot of times ... nighttime , daytime , doesn 't matter ... I 'll be sitting on the couch on the computer , and I 'll see movement out the corner of my eye , and I 'll look over in the hall , and there will be a form . I 've seen one primary figure many times . And every once in a while , there were other individuals with him . - So you know it 's a male . - Yeah . - Now are all of them males ? - Yeah . I saw the one person a lot , and he wasn 't particularly friendly . Okay . But I just saw the head turn , and he kept right on going , never missed a step . Do they look like they were looking for something or is it just they were walking through ? I swear , I don 't know , but they walk through a lot , back and forth , back and forth , back and forth . And it 's like they were on a mission , so to speak . - Okay . - I don 't have an explanation for it . There was , like , just a little pathway , like a tiny little worn path from somebody walking a lot . He could build things and make things or tear them down . And he tore this down , and that gives him satisfaction . He feels good about that . There 's some kind of conflict here . Somebody 's arguing . He kind of got off on ... People fighting . He likes to hurt people . He was not a good guy . Is there any clothing you could describe or is it just ... Yeah . I saw white-colored slacks and a light-colored shirt . Can you describe him ? There was kind of like a white day outfit . A white linen shirt . And a pair of white ... Linen pants . His hair is cut short . I really don 't know how to describe his face but I can see it . And for some reason , I think he 's about 5 ' 10 or 11 . Could you pick him out of a lineup ? Yeah , without a doubt . The person is ... 5 ' 10 . Maybe hazel eyes ? And a hat sometimes . Actually kind of round . And a ribbon around it , like a straw hat . Did you ever experience anything like this prior to coming and staying here with Colette ? Yeah . All my life . What you 've experienced in the past , was it the same persons or are these totally some different figures of ... Different , different things . I could walk in somebody 's house and ... And I would see something pass through the kitchen , then I 'd look over there at that person and it ... You could see through that person . So Colette doesn 't see spirits , and Glen 's been seeing spirits his whole life . Now I get why she thinks Glen may be the reason for all this activity . When I was 20 ... And I was at my grandfather 's house , I was going out to the barn to find something . And all of a sudden , I felt absolute terror . And ... I was cold , chilled , and I was sweating at the same time . And I thought something was gonna get me , and I picked up and I ran back to the house . And I was glad to get inside that door . Evil spirits aren 't my area of expertise . That 's Amy 's thing , and I won 't know what she finds out till later . Hopefully , she 'll be able to give Glen some peace of mind . - The entity found me . - Okay . For five years , I fought this thing . And after five years , it quit . And it told me , don 't be too proud , big boy , because I 'll be back . This house feels like it 's a hub for the dead . There 's a lot of dead people coming in and telling me their stories . And I think they 're linked to the house but I 'm not sure how . He was tortured . And he was burnt . It 's a man . This isn 't the same guy that I got before . No , it 's not . It doesn 't feel like his home here . It doesn 't feel like he 's from here . This incident happened someplace else . And this was a very long time ago . This man is still in his death state . He looks burned . But nothing around him shows any sign of fire damage . He is in a lot of pain and was very panicked , over what happened to him , very stressed out , very hurt . - Did he see it coming ? - No , no . He ... no . I located a woman named Renee who used to live in Colette 's house . If she saw apparitions when she lived there , then Glen can 't be the cause of the problem . As we spoke , I 'm doing an investigation on the house . And the things that went on here and are going on here . I know you lived here at some point . How long ago was that ? Moved in around 1988 till about 1990 . Okay , so you were here a couple of years . Mm-hmm . Do you know any history about the house ? No , I know that most of these houses were made , from the cigar owners for their factory workers . They 're called shotgun houses , but I don 't know about any history about this particular house . Now when you were here , did anything strange happen while you were living here ? No . - Now did you own it , or did you rent it ? - I rented it . Did the person you rented it from say anything about the house ? Did they see anything ? Okay . Colette thinks Glen is bringing evil spirits into the house . Maybe he is . Or maybe he 's the only one that could see them . I don 't know how that works . I just need to find out what happened in that house . The one interesting thing that happened on Whitehead Street back in the 1920s . Was a murder of a man taken refuge in a house on Whitehead Street commonly known here as El Isleno , The Islander . Manuel Cabeza 's his real name . He had a run in with the Ku Klux Klan and El Isleno was tarred and feathered . He was tortured . And he was burnt . They actually poured hot tar on him and stuck feathers on him , which was a classic way to make an example of somebody that ... - Literally tarred and feathered ? - Literally tarred and feathered him . It 's almost like they were gangs or affiliated in some way . I 'm sensing a group of men in this house , and one of them seems to be in control of this gathering . There was a lot of them , lots and lots and lots and lots of them . Like , even the ones that did it , there was way more people even behind them . That we 're all , like , in the same gang . And I 'm getting this one guy in particular who is kind of the head of the thing . And the men are wearing ... I don 't know , they 're weird-looking hats . I feel like they were dressed the same . And they 're all the same race . How are they organized ? There was a hierarchy . Men , a bunch of men . So this torture was committed by a bunch of racist thugs from the KKK , on the same block as Colette 's place . Manuel Cabeza was living with a mixed-race woman , which the locals and in particular the Ku Klux Klan disapproved of . - And how long ago was this ? - Nineteen twenty one . He was beaten and tarred and feathered . He 's fascinated , fixated on something . I got to take care of this problem . He is plotting and planning . There are two distinct entities in this house . One is the burned man who 's trying to show me what happened when he died . And one is the man in white who is so angry , I can 't even really communicate with him . He 's in the shadows . He 's waiting . He 's watching . It doesn 't really matter what the consequences are . So the Klan tarred and feathered him . After that , he , of course , wanted revenge because he 's the tough guy , and he has to live up his reputation . So the head of the Klan was William Decker . So Decker was driving down Duval Street , and Manuel Cabeza jumped on the running board and killed him . Shot him in the back of the head and killed him . Craziness . Somebody 's yelling . Something is being thrown down . He 's just losing it , just going berserk . He 's really , really mad . Craziness . Somebody 's yelling . Something is being thrown down . He 's just losing it , just going berserk . He 's really , really mad . There 's an endless cycle of hatred and revenge . That 's being played out over and over again in this area . This house has somehow trapped that emotional energy . This man ... killed someone ? Manuel Cabeza killed Decker . - He shoots him in the head ... - Then he takes off ... To Soldano 's grocery store , and took refuge in there . And of course , the city police then was after him , and the Sheriff was after him . They know he 's in the store now . They 're gonna flush him out . And there was some gunfire , so El Isleno agreed to surrender to the Sheriff . To take him to the County Jail . A couple blocks farther down Whitehead Street . And he 's locked up in the County Jail . In the middle of the night . He was sleeping . And ... They put a bag on his head . And then they beat him up . Sometimes I encounter dead people when they 're in their death state . Which means that I am seeing them as they looked at the moment they died . They have ropes , like , with the throat and ... Like , not being able to breathe very well . The torture ended in killing him . So he 's dead . So that night , the Ku Klux Klan ... - Okay . - They surrounded the building . The scenario , the Sheriff said , is that he was overpowered . The KKK first went in and beat this man and they hung him up to a pole . What do we know about the girl he was living with ? You said that she was of mixed race ? We lose Angela after the incident . We don 't know what happened to her . - Really ? - Yeah . Basically , all we know is she was supposedly good-looking and mixed race . There 's , like , a female . And there 's a look of anguish on her face . She 's very adamant about what they 're doing . And feels strongly about it . This is unexpected . She couldn 't stop it from happening . She was trying to make something ... Real that 's not real . This woman is very upset . She feels like she doesn 't have a voice . Whatever is happening , she feels like she can 't stop it . The leader of the Ku Klux Klan in Key West , had Cabeza tortured because he was in love with a woman of mixed race named Angela . I need to find out a little bit more about her . There 's a writer down here who knows a lot more about the Cabeza case . Terry , it seems like the person that there 's the least information about is the girl Angela that the whole mess happened over . Now do you have any information you can give me ? There 's not a great deal known about her . Aside from the fact that she had been a prostitute , and that he had fallen in love with her and taken her into his house . But we do know that she dabbled in ... Black magic , voodoo , religions that people here didn 't really understand , and that she had placed a curse on all of those who attacked Manuel Cabeza . Angela made a sacrifice , a voodoo sacrifice . With chicken bones and feathers and blood , and called up voodoo spirits from her past . From her heritage . The dark-haired lady , she 's not happy about it . Very strange things . She is ... Like , raising the dead . She 's very anguished over the whole thing . The dark-haired lady , she 's not happy about it . She is ... Like , raising the dead . Anything more ? I saw , like , graves . Do you know anything about the curse she laid on everybody and , what eventually happened ? Well , we know that Angela cursed all of the men . Who had attacked Manuel Cabeza . It 's sort of a disquieting coincidence that , not long after Angela placed the curse . These men started dying horrible deaths . One of them drowned on a fishing trip . One of them went missing in a hurricane . One of them was blown up while working on the bridges . The one death that seemed to epitomize , the curse for a lot of people was Sheriff Curry himself . Who was the man who had allowed the mob to come into the jail . And remove Manuel Cabeza . Sheriff Curry ... he died a particularly painful death . He was crushed underneath his boat and had to be cut from the wreckage . And spent his last few days in unyielding agony . He died a very painful death , much as she had wished upon him and all the others . Okay . Some people are convinced that uh ... These men were victims of Angela 's curse . Of the two most prominent entities that I encountered , one of them was so badly burned , that I decided to have the sketch artist draw the other one . Remember his eyebrows ? They 're not thick , they 're not thin , and there is a slight arch to them . Were they big eyes , or were they thin ? Slightly almond . More round . He has , like , a sad mouth . - This goes down and were not full . - This goes down , okay . - He did freckle . - He had freckles ? A little bit of a line here . Do you remember what he had on ? What he was wearing ? Linen pants and then a linen top that was button-down and short-sleeved . Regular collar for the shirt . Like , both were light-colored , and then he did wear a hat . It had a round brim . Oh , sort of like a straw hat ? Yeah . And it did have a band , and it was white and blue . Yeah , that 's him . I locate the killers , the victim , and even the woman he left behind , all within blocks of Colette 's house . But I still can 't figure out what ties them all to her house . I make one last trip to the archives . And then I find out what ties this whole crazy story to Colette 's house . I haven 't spoken to Amy since we began this investigation . And I 'm really looking forward to hearing her findings . Amy , Colette owns the home , she bought it about , less than a year ago . And probably , from the minute she got her she felt ... A powerful energy . Glen , on the other hand , has actually seen apparitions . One prominent which is a man . I don 't get the sense that Colette is a sensitive . But Glen , I think , does have abilities . - I could see things . - Mm hmm . The guy , I could see him going up and down the hall . But he can distinctly recall the man 's features . So I did some investigating on the house . It does have a long , dark past . The whole neighborhood , a matter of fact , has a dark , violent past . As far as the apparitions go , I was more or less kind of concerned about your walk and what you saw . Mm-hmm . Initially , I saw a man in profile . Initially , with a hat on . He was a pretty angry ... angry man . He kind of got off on people fighting . He was not a good guy . The interesting thing to me is that ... There was another man . And he seemed very agitated . I mean , he was just , frankly , out of control . Craziness . Somebody 's yelling . He 's just losing it , just going berserk . He 's really , really mad . He had a lot of issues with a woman . I 'm not exactly sure if they were married or not , but they were together for a long time . He was very afraid and stressed out , and he kept saying about this large event . He was very panicked over what happened to him . Very stressed out , very hurt . These men came and they got him . He didn 't know what was happening . They put a bag over his head , and then they tortured him . And he looked burned . He was missing some of his face . So he 's all ... Just missing skin and just ... It was really ... it 's really , really bad . I may be able to clear this whole thing up as far as the two men . There was a man by the name of Manuel Cabeza . Now Manuel was living with a biracial female named Angela . Who ... the KKK in Key West was not very happy about it . Okay , now William Decker was actually the head of ... The Ku Klux Klan here in the Key West . It 's almost like they were gangs or affiliated in some way . And they 're all the same race . I feel like they were dressed the same . The men are wearing , I don 't know , they 're weird-looking hats . What they wind up doing is getting a mob together . And they went and grabbed him out of his apartment , brought him out into a field . They actually put hot tar on the guy and they feathered him . And he was tortured . And he was burned . Manuel has a gun and decides to go out and get some revenge . He 's in the shadows . He 's waiting . He 's watching . It doesn 't really matter what the consequences are . He is plotting and planning . He goes out and right here on Duval Street . He sees Decker , and he believed Decker was responsible or he was even at the location when they originally , snatched him up and tried to kill him . Manuel run up on his car . Now back in those days , the cars had those running boards . He jumps up on a running board . He pumps a bullet into his chest and one to his head . Manuel killed Decker . Manuel takes off . Where does he take off to ? To this place , which was a building which was right here . Cops show up . Finally at some point , Manuel decides to give up . And he was taken to the jail . Short time later , a mob forms . They want him out . So the KKK wind up getting into the jail cell somehow . In the middle of the night . He was sleeping . They put a bag on his head . Then they drag him to another location , and they lynch him from a telephone pole . They have ropes , like , with the throat and ... Like not being able to breathe . And then he 's shot by everybody at the scene . They kill Manuel . The torture ended in killing him . So he 's dead . Everybody that participated in his lynching shot him , and the reason for that is that they all participated in the murder , so everybody 's involved . There was a lot of them , lots and lots and lots and lots of them . Like , even the ones that did it , there was way more people even behind them . There 's more history about Mr. Decker . William Decker built this home . How do you feel about the fact that the guy that build your house , was the head of the KKK in Key West ? Horrible . I don 't like the idea that the KKK had a part of the history in this house . Now what I try to do when I work with Amy is I try to bring in a sketch artist for her , which I did in this case . And she 'll usually sketch out who she sees . There was kind of , like , a white day outfit . A white button-down linen shirt . And a pair of ... White linen pants . So I have that sketch here . Now what I try to do when I work with Amy is I try to bring in a sketch artist for her . Uh , this is the sketch of the person that Amy saw during her walk . He look familiar at all ? That 's him . That 's the gentleman that I saw . Okay . Now I 'm gonna show you a picture of Mr. Decker . That is the gentleman in the hallway walking up and down . Amy , did you see this ? Wow . Okay . This , to me , definitely looks like the person I encountered . So both men are part of this house ? They 're all in and around within an immediate area of this house . It 's very close . Everything 's within proximity . Conscious entities can sense my presence just like I can sense theirs . And they will approach me if they want me to tell their story . The burned man did not want to come into this house . And I understand why now . But he does want his story told . Amy , why do these people still stay in this house ? What 's going on with these two individuals is that they 're both , kind of in denial about the parts that they played in what happened . So one is , you know , the eternal victim . And the other one , he thinks he was completely right in anything and everything he did . They 're in denial , and I think that that 's hindering them from being able to take the next step . - What happened to the girl ? - We don 't know . Manuel did have a relationship and did live with this woman Angela . Apparently , Angela was practicing voodoo . At one point , there was a discussion about raising the dead . The dark-haired lady , she 's not happy about it . Very strange things . She is ... Like , raising the dead . She decided to put a curse on her lover 's assailants that night . Four of the men died a very weird and violent death . I saw , like , graves . Does the curse go against them ? Circumstances are a little odd . I mean , everybody involved in this whole mess is dead . And not by natural causes . So that violence or just the way they died , does that energy hang in this house or this area ? I think you 're asking Amy if your safe here ? You know , as long as you do things that are not going to attract , these negative beings , you 're fine . Now , Glen , when we spoke , you were very intimate with me about certain things from your past . How something really frightened you . If you can , can you explain some of that to Amy because I think she 's the right person to tell that to . I was involved in a fight . With a negative spirit . It was a 5-year battle . And at the end of that five years , that spirit told me , I 'll be back . And if you get too cocky , I 'll be back really fast . I understand Glen 's fear . When you 've encountered evil and it 's attacked you , it 's terrifying . The spirit world can be very dangerous . You will not be near powerful enough , to combat the fight that you 're gonna be in . Mm-hmm . Colette , let me ask you a question . Listening to everything they 're saying , how do you feel about it ? Did you know about this stuff , about his battles ? I mean , how do you feel about that ? Maybe he brought something into the house . I do kind of wonder now . That 's where you 're wrong . I don 't think you would intentionally bring bad energy . It 's not a matter of choice but the point is ... There 's nothing following me . I 've always tried to tell you to watch what you do . And be aware of what 's going on around you . Just because I can see and feel spirits . I didn 't bring anything here because - you were here months before I showed up . - Yeah , that 's true . And the coldness that you associated with the house . - The entity greeting you at the door ... - Yes . Had nothing to do with me , because I wasn 't in this part - of the country or the world . - That 's true . That 's true . You play around with ... Healing and stuff like that , but see , that may be where you opened the door , for other people to walk in . And you may not like those people that walk through that door . What 's this healing thing ? I do a lot of energy work . Hands-on healing , also Reiki , and ... In my work , I do work with children with cancer . And right before they get ready to go , I help them transition . If it 's time for them to go , I help them go to another place . As far as that practicing healing . You do have to be very , very careful . Very careful . And as long as you keep your home protected and the doorway kind of clean , then you won 't have the negative suckers showing up . Live and let live and let sleeping dogs lie . People need to understand that when they attempt to communicate with the dead , they can bring very negative things into their lives . Things that can physically harm you . Sometimes , you can know just enough to hurt yourself .
