 Subs created by : David Coleman . I get two deaths here . I saw this woman walking up and down the stairs . She 's coming up the stairs , coming up the stairs . My son Anthony was pushed down a flight of stairs . There 's a 10-year-old boy living there in that room . Something ended here . She did die in this house . ( Gasps ) I have to find out what 's going on . I 'm telling you , you need to leave this house . There is an evil presence . My name is Amy Allan . There 's something down there . I see dead people . He doesn 't want me back there . I speak to dead people . She 's pissed . And they speak to me . She doesn 't like the people who live here . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . Someone did hang themselves here . - Where ? - There . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . Did you want to kill him ? And I know every person , every house ... has secrets . She did die in this house . It 's my job to reveal them . Would you be surprised if there were bodies in this basement ? No . But Steve and I never speak ... We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end ... Not good . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay ... Will it get worse ? Or time to get out . - Oh , yes . - Whew . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Siren walls ) Steve will do the Detective work . He interviews the witnesses . He gathers the facts . He finds out the history . So that we can later , uh , see if there 's any correlation . My name is Steve Dischiavi , and I 'm retired New York City homicide Detective . ( Playing up-tempo jazz ) We 're here in New Orleans to investigate some paranormal activity , in a 200-year-old house . The current owner 's a single mom who lives there with her 10-year-old son Marcus . They 've only been at that address for three months , but already , Marcus has witnessed things that got him pretty scared . Apparently , he 's hearing footsteps in his bedroom . And he 's witnessed locked windows blowing open for no reason . So I 'm gonna head over there and see if I can get to the bottom of this . ( Horn honks ) When I was young , I really didn 't know that I was different . And then I started to notice that other people don 't see dead people . ( Indistinct whispering ) It was just me . It 's not a blessing or a curse . Right now , it 's somewhere in the middle . ( Crickets chirping ) When I go in to do an investigation , I have no communication with Steve . So I have absolutely no idea what I 'm going to encounter . ( Door opens ) ( Door closes ) Matt will come in , and he 'll make sure the location 's clean . So he 'll take down any kind of leading information about the location or the family . So he cleans the slate . And then I come in , not knowing anything , and I do my walk . ( Crickets chirping ) ( Creaks ) There have been a lot of tragedies here . Whew . There have been a lot of people that have suffered here . ( Exhales ) I am getting , like , a lot of overlapping stuff here . What do you mean by that ? There 's a lot of people here that are dead . And the entities are fighting . What 's crawling on the floor ? What 's going on ? This is really weird . Someone 's crawling on the floor . Where ? Crawling on the floor . - Who is it ? - I don 't know . There is some weird stuff going on in here . ( Birds chirping ) ( Steve ) The first thing I gotta do is meet with Lorelei . She 's gonna have to take me through the house . I 'll get as much information as I can from her , and then I 'll start my investigation from that point . So tell me what 's going on . Well , my kid 's been saying that he 's been hearing things and , you know , he gets scared sometimes . So you 've been here about three months ? Yeah , we just moved in . So obviously , it 's an old house . What do you know about the house ? Well , it was built in the 1830s , but there 's a legend going around ... About a Creole woman who hung herself , and hung her dog also . Hung herself and the dog ? - Yeah . - See , that ain 't right . And , uh , apparently did it up in the attic . Okay . All right . So your son sleeps up there ? Yeah . So with these couple of incidents , I thought it would be good to get it checked out and ... - Right . - And find out if there 's anything going on that I should be concerned about . ( Footsteps echoing ) So this is the attic where my son sleeps . One of the previous tenants would not even come up here . They wouldn 't come up here at all ? No . They said they just had a bad feeling about it . Well , this is supposedly where , uh ... The woman hung herself . That 's ... that 's what they say . So what does your son know about , uh , what happened up here ? - Does he know about the legend ? - No . There 's no way somebody could hang them self from this beam . Look how low it is . Mm . The sad part about it is , though , you can . I 've seen people hang themselves from lower beams than this . Clearly , Lorelei 's gonna need concrete evidence before she believes anything . You have any , uh , things that go on in the backyard ? Well , every morning , my dog goes nuts . ( Panting ) And it runs out when I open that door and it goes to that corner and just ... Goes nuts . Like , growling , kind of barking a little bit . ( Barks , growls and whimpers ) Does it look like he 's barking at anybody ? Or is he whining at like an intruder 's there or something like that ? No , no , no . He 's right at that same place every day , right there in that corner . ( Crickets chirping ) ( Footsteps approach ) ( Amy ) I see two men standing outside . There 's a big guy standing back here , all the way in the corner ? ( Lorelei ) My dog goes to that corner and just ... ( Growls and whimpers ) Goes nuts . He had been here quite a few times , looking , waiting , and ... Watching . You all right ? Uh-oh . What 's wrong ? People came in . Mnh-mnh . Who is this ? The two guys outside . What 's happening here , who are you ? What 's going on , what 's going on here ? What 's happening ? - Why did they come here ? - Shh . To hurt me ? There 's so much anger here . ( Inhales sharply ) You ... ( Grunts ) I can feel it in my hands . I can feel it . Get the life outta you . ( Indistinct whispering ) There 's so much anger here . ( Inhales sharply ) You ... ( Grunts ) I can feel it in my hands . I can feel it . Mm . ( Pants ) Can you tell me who that was ? I don 't know . There were two people that were ... Violently attacked . What happened to these people ? They 're dead . I finally get to sit down with the kid that sleeps in the attic . So , Marcus , I was talking to your mom about the stuff that 's going on in the house . - Mm hmm . - And she mentioned that ... Uh , you might have had some experiences . Would you mind telling me about it ? When I was here in my bedroom , I heard some footsteps going up and down the stairs . Okay . And then the windows on the second floor bursted open . Okay . Did that scare you ? Yeah . What other stuff besides something like that , you just heard footsteps ? That 's about it . Okay . He 's scared . And I 've interviewed enough kids to know that he 's holding something back . So , Marcus , listen , I 've seen and heard it all , I 've been to some scary , places . Don 't be afraid to talk to me . I 'm here to investigate and find out what 's going on in this house , so if there 's something you want to talk to me about , you could tell me , okay ? Mm-hmm . So , um , anything else that happened up in here ? Um ... Yeah . Once I saw ... This ... Woman ... In a white dress , like , walking up and down the stairs . ( Footsteps sounding ) Did that scare you ? Yeah . ( Heart beating ) ( Amy ) Right now there 's a woman with me . - Where do you see her ? - Standing behind me . Can you describe her at all ? Dark hair . It 's kind of longer . Smaller features . Brown eyes ? Darker eyes , I think . She had on , like , this ... White ... something white down here ... Is what I see . Dead people have the ability to show themselves the way that they want to be perceived . And sometimes they 'll present themselves in the physical manner in which they died . How did she pass ? I don 't know . She doesn 't like to re-experience her death . She 's like , there 's some things that , you know , just don 't wanna remember . But she needs help . What does she want help with ? There 's a male who doesn 't want her to tell what happened here . And she 's saying ... That she has to get him away from her . So that she can talk to us about what happened . Oh , my neck hurts really bad . - Mm . - What 's wrong ? ( Exhales ) ( Blows air ) My ... back of my head ... It hurts a lot . Who is this ? ( Siren wailing ) ( Steve ) Now I 've got corroborating statements from the residents of the house . The next step is to track down the previous owners . And see if they 've seen anything . The problem here is Katrina ... Took a lot of this information and washed it away . It 's a shame what happened here . After a while , I 'm able to piece together some of the chain of title . And I find out that for the last 115 years , nobody 's lived in that house for more than seven years at a time . That 's highly unusual . This house is almost 200 years old . There 's gotta be more information on this place than I 've already found . But four hours into my search , I hit a wall . I can 't find a single piece of information before the turn of the century . It 's like this house just ceases to exist . I need some help . I 'm investigating the legend of a house . The legend is that a woman at the turn of the century , or close to the turn of the century ... Hung herself and her dog in the attic of this one house . That 's the only thing I have right now that 's solid is the address . I 'm having a tough time trying to find ... Chain of title to the house , anything that can help me out . If it 's something that happened before 1894 , you 're gonna have an address problem ... Because all the addresses in New Orleans were changed practically overnight . This is a nightmare for me . I go to find an address for the house , I try to look it up . And of course , they changed the numbers on me . So basically , I 'm looking at the wrong address . - You 're looking at the wrong address . - Oh . So the address you 're probably going to want to have is something more akin to ... 512 , 513 , 14 , something ... - Totally way off . - Like that . Mm hmm . Way off . That address was the key to unlocking 100 years of history . Now that I have that , I 'm starting to find some real information . I got death certificates , obituaries . I got chain of title information . And it 's starting to look like , in this case ... The truth is definitely stranger than the legend . Ow . ( Exhales ) - What 's wrong ? - I don 't know , but it hurts . Oh , my God . I can 't breathe . I can 't breathe . - Who is doing it ? - This is a different person . It 's a different person . Oh , my God . Scared . They can 't breathe . They 're ... I can 't scream . I can 't . I can 't . I can 't do anything . This is the bad person . This is a very bad , bad , bad , bad , bad man . ( Indistinct whispering ) I can 't breathe . I can 't breathe . - Who is it ? - This is a very bad , bad , man . This person 's so ... Like , angry . Mm . Different person . Different person . Mm-hmm . Being dragged ... boy . Up the s ... up ... up ... up . Ow . On my right side . I 'm being dragged up and down , up and down . Being dragged . Being dragged up the stairs . On occasions , I 'll allow the dead to partially enter my body . I take on their mannerisms and speech patterns . ( Laughs ) Didn 't know . ( Singsongy ) Didn 't know that this was gonna go like this . Who is ... who is that speaking ? ( Normal voice ) This is the bad person . Because ... uh-huh , uh-huh . ( Singsongy ) Didn 't know , did we ? No , no , we sure didn 't . We sure didn 't . ( Steve ) The chain of title in the archives leads me to a woman named Kathleen . I track her down to see if she ever saw any unexplained phenomenon . ( Siren walls ) ( Crickets chirping ) I 'm investigating some unexplained incidents . That happened over on Royal Street . You were a resident there at one time , for a while , am I right ? Mm-hmm . I didn 't know it right off , but I happened to live with a ghost . I was watching TV one night , and I was lying in the bed , and I turned the TV off . And ... There was a face in the TV , but it was not still . It was coming towards me . And she had long dark hair . So now I have two witnesses who 've never met ... Marcus and Kathleen . Both claim to have seen a female apparition . Did you have any other experiences , other than seeing that person that time ? Yeah . My son Anthony was in my room , which is the third floor . He put his hand on the ... on the railing at the top of the stairs . And he fell down a flight of stairs . Really ? And he said , she pushed me , that Creole lady . The Creole lady . Yeah . There 's more action on the stairwells . That 's where ... I 'm , like , seeing this person pushing this person down . And I 'm hearing yelling here . - Where ? - She 's yelling down there . - Who is it ? - The same lady with the brown hair . She 's yelling down there because she wants us to go down there . But this person wants me to go up here . I 'm scared . Of what ? ( Exhales ) I 'm scared to go down there . ( Indistinct whispers ) ( Kathleen ) I did have a visit from someone who grew up in that house . Her name was Teresa . I 'm trying to think of her last name . Uh , Labois ? Something like that . She said that when she was a little girl in the ' 50s , this spirit had tortured and frightened , and the parents had to just leave the residence . ( Steve ) Okay , now I 've got three people with unexplained experiences in this house . I gotta find this Teresa . So I got the address for Teresa . So I 'm gonna head over there , see if I can find her , and then see if she 'd be willing to talk to me . I 'm headed to a neighborhood called Arabi . Which is right next to the Lower Ninth Ward . A lot of devastation here . Jesus . I tell ya the truth , I don 't think I 'm gonna find her , because this place looks like it was devastated from Katrina . She may be one of those people that got relocated someplace else . Maybe she 's gone . I don 't know . The way it 's looking , driving around this neighborhood , I 'm not too hopeful right now . ( Sighs ) I don 't know where I 'm gonna go with this now . I made a few calls and reached out to an old friend of mine in the New Orleans Police Department . We did some digging , and we were able to find a current number for Teresa . It took me an hour to convince her to meet me at the house . ( Crickets chirp ) ( Footsteps echo ) She lived here 50 years ago with her mother . ( Instrumental version of Brahms ' Lullaby playing ) I 'm not feeling too good right now . And she 's still terrified of this house . I can still feel that ... There 's something here . ( Teresa ) It 's been over 50 years . ( Steve ) That 's a long time . Yes . It is . When I first met Teresa and she walked into the house , all her feelings came rushing back into her . She 's very emotional about this house . I couldn 't imagine what she 's been harboring for the last 50 years . In a way , I 'm happy to be here and ... Try to ... Maybe get some closure or answers to what actually transpired . What do you recall happening here ? I mean , if you can talk about it . ( Sighs ) My earliest recollection is that ... I was trying to get my mother 's attention ... To something that I saw in the room . Okay . And it was a lady , and she was very petite . - She had white on . - Okay . And I could see this woman stroking her long dark hair . She was just stroking her hair . She had these eyes that would look at you , almost beckoning . And she would call to me , and I would go . ( Indistinct whispers ) She beckoned the children is all I can say . Because I can remember going up the stairs . I wanted to follow her . ( Footsteps echoing ) ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Laughter ) My mother thought , well , I just had an imaginary friend . And didn 't really pay much attention to that . Until one day , my mother had a very serious situation with the apparition . Because right here where I 'm standing , on this landing was a telephone . She came up to use the phone . She was seven months pregnant . And she saw a vision coming from the third-story landing . ( Creaking ) She was frightened . She held on to the railings with both hands . And descended the stairs , but the apparition caught up with her . And she said that it just went right through her and was ice cold . ( Footsteps sound ) And her baby , a boy , was stillborn . ( Indistinct whispering ) Oh , my God . Sometimes I 'll touch an object . And I 'll get a flash of what happened in that room . ( Matt ) Who is it ? I don 't know . I think it might be a male , but I 'm not sure . This is really weird . We 'll just go upstairs now . ( Footsteps sound ) ( Boards creak ) ( Steve ) What prompted you guys leaving ? My grandmother called a Catholic priest to the house to have it blessed . And he began to go around the house . Everything was going well until he came up here . ( Footsteps sound ) And he couldn 't bless the room . He said , I 'm telling you , you need to leave this house . There is an evil presence . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Footsteps sounding ) ( Inhales ) ( Exhales deeply ) What 's wrong ? It hurts a lot . Whew . Something ended here . Just ended . Ow . What ? What ended here ? ( Whispers ) God . ( Blows air ) ( Normal voice ) Somebody ... Broke their neck . And the last thing that they heard was literally the crack . Like the ... ( Cracking sound ) There 's no way somebody could hang themselves from this beam . ( Creak ) Who is this person ? Whew . I don 't know . He isn 't really here . It 's just something I 'm seeing . So , like , residual ? Yes . Can you tell me what happened ? ( Footsteps sounding ) Somebody 's coming up the stairs , coming up the stairs , coming up the stairs . ( Footsteps continue ) ( Indistinct whispering ) Why are you doing this ? Why are you doing this to yourself ? ( Exhales and groans ) What 's going on ? ( Exhales ) They 're not really out of their death state ... ( Exhales ) And so they 're just feeling this all the time . But where did it happen ? Oh . Up there . Oh , God . If I move over here , I think maybe it 'll be better . ( Gasps ) - You okay ? - I 'm being pulled up . And it hurts a lot . I can 't breathe . I can 't do anything . My head ... - I 'm trying to get out . - Out of what ? - I just can 't breathe . - What are you trying to get out of ? I 'm trying to get out . I 'm trying to get out . - Where were you seeing th ... - Shh . Can you tell me what happened ? Yeah . He just hung himself . ( Steve ) If you were to see , uh , let 's say a sketch of a woman ... Do you think you may recognize if that might have been the same person you saw as a child ? I mean , I know it 's a long time ago . Yes , I would . Okay . It 's been indelible in my mind . Last night Teresa tells me she can identify this apparition if she saw it again . So I bring in a sketch artist after Amy does her walk to try and put her findings down on paper . ( Amy ) While I saw several dead people during my walk . The most prominent figure I saw , was a woman with dark hair and distinctive eyes . - I like to start with the eyes . - Okay . So if you could tell me about her eye shape . They seem a little bit del ... like , delicate on the ends , like , a little bit rounded . The thing with her that was very distinct was her eyes . Her eyes were not as droopy down here . Okay . Did you get an eye color ? Brown . Brown . Like dark brown ? Yeah . And her hair was , like , a brown color . But I 'm not sure if it was , like , short and curled , or if it went up . Is that kind of what we 're going for here ? - Yep . Exactly . - Okay . How tall was she ? Maybe 5 ' 4 . Do you remember any kind of clothing ? It was a white , like , kind of silky , button-down dress . Okay . Yeah . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Water lapping ) ( Amy ) All I know is what I experienced in this house . And now I get to find out the facts . This is the first time I 'll hear Steve 's findings since we started this case . Thanks for coming . Thanks for having us in your house . I wanted to gather . This way , we can compare information we obtained ... About unexplained happenings in this house . Uh , normally , we just do this for the residents of the house . But you have a big stake in this , Teresa , so that 's why I wanted you to be here tonight . Now we 're here because your son was experiencing some things in his bedroom . But Marcus can 't be here tonight because some of this information could be a little disturbing . So there 's no reason for the kid to be here . Okay . We found out this house never stayed with any one family more than seven or eight years . It turned over every seven , eight years . And that was ... years ago , people bought a home , that was it , - they stayed , right . - And they stayed forever . So up at , right up to the point where you came , every seven to eight years , somebody new came into this house . Okay . Um , we 'll start with the legend of the house and what happened here . ( Creaking ) A Creole woman , a widow , hung herself ... And her dog ... In the attic of this home . That 's the legend . ( Creaking ) Now , Lorelei , you mentioned something about the dogs in the yard . Mm-hmm . ( Whines and whimpers ) I think that there were events that took place , behind the house . That definitely left angry and violent imprints . I see two men ... Standing outside ... Looking , waiting , and ... Watching . People came in . There 's so much anger here . ( Inhales sharply and grunts ) - What happened ? - They 're dead . Unfortunately , because of the Katrina hurricane , there 's a lot of , uh , paperwork we can 't get a hold of . So I couldn 't find anything that could validate or verify ... A murder that took place in this house . Uh , that doesn 't mean it didn 't happen . ( Amy ) I 'm really disappointed that the records were destroyed by Katrina . Because we 'll never know the details of that murder . It will stay a mystery forever . What I was able to find out is that at some point in the 1800s , a Creole woman , a widow , named Louisa Clay . Lived here with her children . Louisa is the only widow that owned this home . She did die in this house . Really ? So what I was able to find out , I was able to get a hold of a death certificate . A woman died name of Louisa Clay , in this house , in 1888 . But she died ... Not from hanging . She died from throat cancer . She says ... Oh , my neck hurts really bad . What 's going on ? It hurts a lot . ( Blows air ) She 's dead . Amy encountered a woman who died of terrible pain in her neck . Louisa Clay died of throat cancer . Now your son told me something ... Yesterday I don 't think he ever told you . Mm-hmm . Um ... he mentioned that he had seen apparitions in the house . Really ? Yeah . I saw this ... Woman in a white dress . 50 years ago , Teresa lived in this home . And she was visited by the same description . I could see this woman stroking her long dark hair . She had white on . Um , well ... There was a woman that was present during my walk . There 's many individuals , but she was , like , the main one . And she has dark hair and light clothes . Right now there 's a woman ... With me . Can you describe her at all ? Dark hair . It 's kind of longer . She had on , like , this ... ( Inhales deeply ) Something white down here is what I see . Amy got together with a sketch artist . This is the sketch of the woman she got a glimpse of . ( Indistinct whispering ) Amy got together with a sketch artist . This is the sketch of the woman she got a glimpse of . Mm . It 's the same eyes . Those eyes ... I would never forget them . It brings back some memories ? So when Teresa finally sees the sketch that Amy did , you could see it in ... right in Teresa 's eyes . It was the same woman . This was over 50 years ago . But she remembers that face . Because this has plagued our family for ... ( Crying ) For so long , it just brings validation to what we experienced . - And , uh ... - Something happened , and it 's okay . Thank you so much . When you look at the dates , you know , who is this woman ? This is Louisa Clay . She died a very painful death . Doing some research , I was able to find out that Louisa Clay had five kids . But in Louisa Clay 's will ... She did not leave the house to ... to them . She left the house to a man we really don 't know much about . She left her house to a man by the name of William Houston . The odd part about the whole thing is , eight years later ... I have an obituary that 's gonna give you a little something to think about . William Houston hanged himself in his attic . Somebody ... Broke their neck . And the last thing that they heard was literally the crack . Like the ... ( Cracking sound ) Where did it happen ? ( Exhales ) There . William Houston did die in the attic of this home . So a woman didn 't hang herself in this house , but a man did . ( Amy ) Unfortunately , this male in fact did hang himself in that location . What 's going on is just the residual of his death ... The fear that was involved , you know , some of the pain that was involved , so it makes you feel uncomfortable . Yeah . When I go in that location , I would get sick . It doesn 't mean that he 's there . He 's not there . It 's more just an imprint , a photograph of a moment in time that 's emotional . Okay . ( Steve ) I think we wind up answering a lot , a lot of questions for you ... - Oh , yeah . - And giving you a little bit of closure . It did . And it validated so much for our family . We were ashamed , afraid . I 'm not as afraid now . - It 's good to be able to process it . - Thank you . Yes . Mm-hmm . So , you know , there 's a lot of history in this house . But as far as you ... - A lot of history . - There 's a lot of history . I mean , you don 't think she has anything to worry about . You do have an entity here ... Louisa ... that ... Is living with you . And so you are essentially sharing the house . You have emotional residual things , you know , these ... Full-on moments replaying that are just kind of here . She might reach out more for the children in keeping the emotional trauma away from them , but , yeah . I 'm glad to hear that it 's a benevolent ghost , and will be ... Kind of a protective , Agent to us . Right , right . Yeah . I think that she 's kind of the dominant personality that 's here . And then you have , you know , some entities ... Um , that aren 't happy living together . And she 's trying to keep it all ... sane . ( Amy ) I don 't know why Kathleen 's son was pushed down the stairs , or why Teresa 's mother suffered a stillbirth . But I feel that right now , Louisa 's in control . And as long as it stays that way , she 'll keep the house in order . We ended up solving a 100 year old mystery . Clearing the name of a woman who until now was thought to have committed suicide . Every house has a secret , and it 's our job to uncover those secrets .
