 Subs created by : David Coleman . This is my house of dolls . Dolls were originally , vessels for the dead . My 9-year-old daughter , she walked in her room and saw a little girl playing in her closet . She just wants something bad to happen . Ghosts can 't harm you . Only the living can . I feel like I 'm just out of my league with this one . The living people can hear the dead people talking . No . I 'd like some answers . You need to leave because it 's not safe . Why isn 't it safe ? Because so many people died around here . My name is Amy Allan . There 's something down there . I see dead people . He doesn 't want me back there . I speak to dead people . She 's pissed . And they speak to me . She doesn 't like the people who live here . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . Someone did hang themselves here . - Where ? - There . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Di Schiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . Did you want to kill him ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . She did die in this house . It 's my job to reveal them . Would you be surprised if there were bodies in the basement ? No . But Steve and I never speak ... We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end . Not good . Will we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay ... Will it get worse ? Or time to get out ? - Oh , yes . - Whew . Steve will dig into the history of a location . He 'll talk to the people involved . He 'll gather all the facts so that later when we come together , we can see if our research has drawn any significant conclusions . I 'm down in Cramerton , North Carolina , which is just outside of Charlotte . Cramerton used to be the location of the country 's largest cotton mill . This is classic America . I got a call from a couple named Lisa and John . They have a 9 year old daughter , who 's been seeing apparitions and hearing noises . They 're obviously concerned . So Amy and I are down here to see if we can find out anything to help them out . Matt will come in and do what we call a cleaning of the location . So he 'll remove anything like ... Personal family photos , artwork , names . Any type of leading information , so that I won 't lose my focus during the investigation . Whoa . Somebody pushed me . - My head , man . - What happened ? I don 't know . Maybe somebody got hit in the back of the head ... Really , really , really ... Really hard . Like , eh . I got hit ! And I 'm on the ground now . - Steve ? Hi . - Lisa . Hi , how are you ? - Good . Come on in . - Thank you . This is my house of dolls . I have over 2,000 dolls . - Here , in the house ? - Here , yes . Yeah , they 're ... they 're everywhere . Just every place you can find to fit a doll , there is one . Yeah , I mostly keep and collect dolls . My dolls go back to over 100 years old . I got to be honest with you . I 'm a little creeped out . - This doesn 't bother anybody else ? - Nobody in the house it bothers . I 've had people that we hire to do work for us , come in and not want to come in and work . Yeah , I could see . If I have five or six dolls , I could put them away . I 'm not putting away a hundred so you can work on my house . We just have to get somebody else that 's not creeped out by eyes looking at him . Lisa , beside yourself , who else lives in the house ? - My husband Johnny ... - Okay . And my 9-year-old daughter Salem and me . All right , so why don 't you tell me what 's going on ? Well , Salem has been coming and telling us about people sitting on her bed and talking to her since we moved in . She would say , the lady was on my bed last night . You know , the lady talked to me last night . And just recently , about a month ago , she walked in her room and saw a little girl playing in her closet . She said a little girl was messing in her clothes . Do you think she 's getting that from you guys , or is there something that she just picked up on her own ? She brings home books from the library on World War II , and Yellow Fever epidemics . And she 's very interested in war and death . - Really ? - But I got to really ... Really stop her on some of the things she 's interested in . Like , no , that 's all you can see of this . It 's just kind of weird . All right . Yeah . Okay . Hmm , that 's interesting . Yeah . Uh ... Just a lot of dolls , which are creepy . Dolls are creepy . My goodness . Oh , my . My , my goodness . Dolls were originally ... Vessels for the dead . Like to ... So that the dead could be within the dolls because the dolls are hollow shells . Yeah , they were vessels made for the dead . And the dead are talking about being trapped . They want to leave . Oh , my . My , my goodness . I have never seen this many dolls in my life . In some cultures , dolls were created as vessels or resting places for the human soul . Problem is they can also attract souls that haven 't moved on yet . This is Salem 's room . This is where she sleeps . - And she 's gonna be home soon ? - Yeah . - It won 't be long , yeah . She 'll be home . - Okay . I 'll be able to talk to her when she gets here . And you mentioned something about , there being somebody by the bed ? Yeah . She has woken up many times and said that she talked to a lady at her bed . One time , she said she could feel the lady 's weight of her arm when she laid her arm across her legs . And there 's the closet where she saw the little girl playing in her clothes . There 's , like , a little dead girl in the closet . Uh ... And I think ... She just ... Wants something bad to happen . Why do you say that they want something bad to happen ? Because the little girl just told me that . What did she tell you ? Uh , that they want something bad to happen . What does that mean ? She just is giggling . Have they tried to make bad things happen ? Well , what did they say ? That she doesn 't like the people who live here . - Hi , Salem . - Hi . I 'm finally able to sit down with Salem , who I 'm the most concerned about in this case . She 's the only one that 's seen any paranormal activity . So I wanted to dig a little bit deep to find out what she 's seen and what she 's heard . I was wondering if you can explain some of the things that were going on , if that 's okay with you ? Yeah . Okay , why don 't you tell me about what you experience when you 're sleeping at night ? There was this lady that came up on my bed . I was able to feel the pressure . And this happened while you were sleeping ? Yeah , I woke up and saw her , and I talked to her , but I really can 't remember what she said . You said you felt ? Mm-hmm , she was sitting like right over here while I was laying down . - And you weren 't frightened ? - No . - At all ? - I felt kind of calm . So seeing the apparitions doesn 't scare you . No . I just find that a little strange , you know , that it wouldn 't scare you . When I was younger , it scared me because I didn 't understand , but when I got to , like , 7 , I understood , like , wait , ghosts can 't harm you , only the living can . I mean , I 'm a retired Detective , and I 've been in a lot of situations where I get scared . And I can sit here and say that that would scare me . Mm-hmm . Now you have an interest in World War II ? Yeah . My mom started watching movies about Anne Frank . Okay . And I wasn 't there back then in the 1940 to 1945 and 1944 when it happened . All right . And so that 's when I got interested in , and I got some books and started reading about it . And I still have an interest in The Civil War with the Confederate and Union . I think it 's , like , scary and cool at the same time . See , this is where voices ... There 's a lot of voices in here . Lots of voices because people are coming and going here . Dead people are coming and going here . And they 're walking back and forth , and they 're walking back and forth . And there 's a lot of talking , blah , blah , blah , blah , blah . And it 's ... people can hear it . People can hear people talking . The living people can hear the dead people talking . And they don 't want to hear it . And so they 're like closing it off . Like , No . Lisa 's concerned with their daughter . Quite frankly , so am I. It 's time for me to sit down with her husband John . And find out what he thinks about all this . Now , John , I 'm curious about Salem . She 's pretty young . She 's 9 . Now she 's seen quite a few things . I mean how ... do you have a concern about that ? Oh , yeah , I 'm very concerned about that . That 's been going on since we bought the house . We need to know is this something that is good ? Is it evil ? Is it ... what is it ? I 'd like some answers . And , hm , somebody used to like ... Walks up here , walks up here , right here , right here and then ... Somebody 's standing here , and they 're trying to talk . Yeah , they 're trying to talk . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . What are they trying to tell them ? To leave . - To leave ? - Yeah . Why ? You need to leave because it 's not safe . Why isn 't it safe ? I think because so many people died around here . When I walked into the basement , I was struck with the image of death and disease . Bodies were just stacked up all over the room , all the way up to the ceiling . And then I saw this evil man that was torturing this girl . Oh , I get this , like , kind of like weird ... Like ... like ... Like he had the black hat and the black jacket and the black slacks . And .. He 's doing weird things to this girl . Not even like ... oh , man . [ Bleeps ] I 'm getting these weird pains that hurt . He might be poking her , and it 's over a long period of time . She felt poking it , poking it , didn 't hurt . I 'm like , really ? Because it hurts me . No , mnh-mnh . It didn 't hurt her . It was , like , poked . Like , poking , poking . Doing my usual background investigation on a home . Nothing really jumps out at me on this case . The trail goes cold around 1946 . That 's when Cramerton Mills owned this town as well as this house . So I 've set up a meeting with a man who literally wrote the book on the history of Cramerton . I 'm conducting an investigation , actually , at a home that 's in Cramerton , so I was wondering if you could give me some background information on the area , on some of its history . The area that the house that you were looking at , is in what we called old town . Which was the original part of town that was built to support , the families that lived and worked in the original mill . I 'm trying to figure out if anything bad happened during that time ? There was an earlier plague that came through the area ... In 1902 , 1903 . I can 't tell you for sure how many people were affected in Cramerton , but most of them died . And there would have been no mortuary . No way to keep that many dead bodies . So they lived in a segregated area called a Pest House . You know , there 's people laying down down here . And I don 't know about that . I don 't know . I don 't know about that . How many ? People , how many people were down here ? Quite a few , yes . Quite a few stacked . Ewe . Ugh , I don 't know what that 's about . Eh , they 're like in sacks and , uh , sheets . And uh ... There 's a lot of women . And , uh ... And there are children , a lot of children . And ... and women , and , um ... And they got sick . They were sick . And people are like this . I 'm sick , I 'm sick . And they 're all , like , cold . It 's cold , and they 're sick . And ... And some of them , they don 't have shoes , and , you know , and some of them don 't ... Don 't even have , like , much clothing on . They don 't feel so very well . And , um , very ... Um ... Sad . And , um ... There 's no building . There 's just the Earth . All of them are dying . After speaking with Larry , he told me that Cramerton was overrun with two epidemics . One in the early 1900s , and another one when the Native Americans inhabited the land over here . So now I 'm gonna meet with a local historian . Maybe he can shed some light on Cramerton 's history . I 'm doing an investigation regarding a home in and around the area of Cramerton . I understand there were two major plagues that happened in the history of this area . Right . And it would severely debilitate the population . I had read somewhere during the research I was doing that there was things called a Pest House ? And was there a certain area where they would keep people quarantined ? The idea of a quarantined area ... Was particularly associated with diseases like um ... Well , Smallpox . And there was disfigurement and scarring , and there was isolation . There 's a lot of activity inside the house , but there 's even more dead people outside . And I 'm being drawn to the edge of the woods that run behind the property . I 've never seen anything like it . They 're going down . That 's really weird . They 're just ... yeah , they 're just going ... Being sucked right into the Earth . And then the other ones are just crawling out , crawling up , standing up , and walking . I mean , obviously , I think there 's water there . Hmm . Is that happening now ? Like , the people who are coming up , though ... They don 't look so good . They don 't look good at all , like , initially . Like , when they come up , and then they 're like ... They 're like all , ugh , and they 're , like , crawling . And then they ... then they get ... and they stand up . Can you describe them ? Native American . Dr. May , I know that once white man settled , - they brought a lot of disease with them . - Right . So when Smallpox did hit the Native American population , what did they do with their dead ? They would have used the river as a means , of disposal of the remains . To get it out of the community . They 're going down ... Like , into the water . They 're just going . People are coming up , walking . People ... and then people are walking , and they 're going down into the Earth . Like , literally down into the Earth . Is there any kind of opening or anything or ... I don 't know . Are they just kind of walking through it ? Like ... No , it 's like they 're being sucked into it . - Like is there any kind of ... - Like ... I don 't know if it 's a good or a bad thing . I feel kind of weird about it . Like , it 's kind of freaking me out a little bit . There are just a lot of people ... Dead people that are just everywhere here . And this man came up , and he was trying to touch me . And I don 't like him . He 's not a good person . And I don 't know if he 's , like , manipulating himself or what because he 's super tall . Like abnormal , like long arms and long legs . It 's , like , doesn 't look really normal to me . It looks really creepy . Uh ... He looks like a mortician would . I see dead people every day , and it takes a lot to scare me . But this guy scares me . And ... There 's this woman ... Who he ... Keeps prodding her ... Poking her , cutting her . Digging deeper into the case , I found that they have these places called Pest Houses that quarantined people that fell sick to Typhoid Fever and Smallpox . In 1902 alone , there were 400 people confined to these Pest Houses . In a town whose population was 4,000 people at the time , that 's a big chunk of the people . Most interesting were the doctors that worked in these Pest Houses and the measures that they took to prevent themselves from getting infected . The dead man who looked like a mortician really scared me , and I saw him very clearly . So I 'm gonna have the sketch artist draw him . So in this situation , it 's a little bit different . The reason why it 's different is because he ... Is projecting how he wants people to see him . Which is not normal . So we 're gonna draw that entire person . - Is that okay ? - Okay , that 's no problem . What kind of a shape , the head ? It 's elongated . So the thing is is that he was very thin . Like , abnormally thin . His eyes were deep-set so his cheekbones were a little bit pronounced . That 's good . What kind of clothes was he wearing ? He had on a long black jacket . Okay , then , you think we 're almost there ? Yeah . How 's that look ? So I finally uncover some real facts about this house . But that doesn 't necessarily explain these experiences that Salem 's having . She 's a 9-year-old kid . Frankly I 'm concerned about her . So I 'm gonna break the rules a little bit here and ask Amy for help . Amy , listen , this case has got me a little perplexed as far as the kid . - What 's her name ? - Her name is Salem . Okay . She 's got an incredible infatuation with the dead . Now she 's seen apparitions . She 's not afraid of the paranormal whatsoever . I mean , she 's pretty adamant about it . I 've never seen a 9 year old so ... Confident in the way she feels . I feel like I 'm just out of my league with this one . And I think you 're better suited to speak with her . I mean , I 've talked to her as a Detective talks to a witness , - and once she speaks with you ... - Mm hmm . I think you 'll get a better idea of what 's going on than I will . You know , myself , like , when I was a child and dealing with all of this , I was very fascinated and fixated on death as well . Like , I would see these things on television . Lizzie Borden , became obsessed with that , became obsessed with Anne Frank . You have this fear of death . Because all you know of it is these people wandering around . It 's funny you mention Anne Frank because she mentioned the same thing to me . Anne Frank specifically ? - Yeah . - Interesting . - So ... - Okay . The more you can help with her interview , I think its gonna bring a lot more to the table . So I understand that you 've had some unusual experiences ? Mm-hmm . Can you tell me about a few of those ? Like , maybe two or three that really stick out in your mind ? - Well , one time , uh , in my room ... - Mm hmm . And I saw a little girl playing through my closet , I was about like right here , and she was like right in there . In the other room or in the closet ? - Closet . - Okay . Playing through my clothes , and it looked like she was like a , girl maybe about 7 or 8 . Maybe about a year younger than me . All right . And one time , I was sleeping in my bed , but I woke up , I feel ... Feeling something , it looked like an old woman . And I was able to feel the pressure on the leg . - She was touching you ? - Mm hmm . Why was she touching you ? Because I think I got in trouble that day , and I fell asleep crying . - So she was comforting you ? - Mm hmm . Okay , okay . You know , Salem and I are not that different . I started to see the dead at a very young age , too . And hopefully I can help her understand what she 's been experiencing . How long have you been kind of seeing the dead ? Since we came here . - Since you moved here . - Yeah . Okay , so you never had any experiences before ? No . My last house was calm . Like , it was a brand-new house , like a modern house . - Like , nobody was able to die in it yet . - Hmm . And so I did want to ask you about the dolls in the house . Mm-hmm . And I want to ask you how you feel about having all these dolls . Um , I feel pretty all right with it ... Except they get in your way , and they get on your nerves . - But not my mom , though . - Mm hmm . She 's like , don 't bother them ! They 're all right . - They 're not living . - Mm hmm . - Do you want them to move the dolls or ... - I want to scoot them out and ... - Or stretch out the house . - Right , right , yes . So you feel good about the friendly dead ? I believe that Jesus and God will be able to protect me . Okay , good . That 's very good . So do you have any questions that you 'd like to ask or anything like that ? Have you ever seen anything , like , that you believe was bad or really bad ? Yes , I have . It 's kind of like the living . There are some bad ones , and there are some good ones . Ooh . Have you felt , like , really , really calm when you see a ghost ? Like , it made you happy to see it ? Mm-hmm , yes , I 've had some really good ... Really good encounters with the dead . - Um , you okay ? - Yeah . Yeah ? What 's going on ? - My eyes are watery . - Okay . So , yeah , there , there are bad entities . And ... It 's good that you know to protect yourself . Mm-hmm . It took me a long time to learn that because ... - Yes , that absolutely works . - Yeah . John , Lisa , it 's good to see you again . This is my partner Amy . Now the reason we 're here is to try to give them a hand with some issues they 're having in the house . Normally I don 't meet with Amy until the end of our investigation . In this case , after speaking with Salem , I felt that I was a little bit out of my league . I thought Amy would be better suited to speak with her . She doesn 't know what I uncovered till the end anyway . Um , and I don 't know what she sees on her walk . So this is the part where we both find out each other 's findings in the investigation , and we share them with you . Right . Now I did a lot of research as far as the house goes . And the house is very old . It was built in 1900 . There was a mill here years ago . Owner ran the mill and built these homes for the people that work there . This being one of the homes . But I got to be honest with you . I didn 't come up with anything , documentation-wise , that brings me any validation to what you 've seen here . So I talked with an historian . Years ago , this was a ... Large Native American area . Wow . Okay . So I wanted to know what the Native Americans did with their dead . He mentioned that if there were so many bodies that they couldn 't do anything with them , they would throw them into the water , in the river . They 're going down ... Like , into the water . They 're just going . People are coming up , walking . People ... and then people are walking , and they 're going down into the Earth . I mean , obviously , I think there 's water there . Hmm . Like ... No , it 's like they 're being sucked into it . - Like is there any kind of ... - Like ... I didn 't get a positive feeling off of it . I felt very concerned about what the dead were doing , and why were they being sucked into the ground ? Why were they coming out a mess ? So I think that possibly , the mass disposal of their bodies in the creek ... May have harmed their souls . On top of everything else , when ... Settlers came here , they brought along , their new ways , and they also brought along disease . - Smallpox ... - Okay . - The flu , stuff like that so ... - That 's something else I got . - You caught that ? - Right . You know , there was people laying down down here . And I don 't know about that . How many ? People , how many people were down here ? Quite a few , yes . Quite a few stacked . Ewe . Ugh , I don 't know what that 's about . Eh , they 're like in sacks and , uh , sheets . So here 's kind of the bad news . Um , there 's quite a bit of activity here . Um , there 's a lot of dead in the area . So this is the man that I encountered , and he does look very strange . This is ... How he looked when I initially met him . Oh , God . And then I wanted um ... Them to do just his face . And that 's kind of how his face looks . Oh , my God . So ... He 's definitely a menacing ... Person . And he was looking for something . I don 't know what it was , though . Well , it 's interesting you mentioned about all that , because back when we were talking about these epidemics , when everybody was dying . They had these homes called these Pest Houses . Now what a Pest House was was a location where they brought all the sick . Now I came across a photo of ... It 's a doctor that treated these people , like in let 's say a leper colony . They wouldn 't want to get too close to their patients because they were afraid of contamination . This is what they wore . Wow . Now I came across a photo of ... It 's a doctor that treated these people , like in let 's say a leper colony . This is what they wore . That 's weird . These bird masks worn by these Pest House doctors were basically like Medieval gas masks . So they went and put these long noses on these masks because they thought it would stop the infected air from getting into their systems . And they also wore clothes from head to toe so that their skin wouldn 't be exposed to the infected air . I mean , it looks bizarre , I don 't know ... He would poke them . And he was looking for something inside of them . So he would make little cuts , and he was looking for something . Now they did use a tool ... In order to examine the patients at that time , because they didn 't want to get too close . - So they would prod at the bodies so ... - Oh . I don 't know if that all plays into what you saw . My gosh . When I was over there , this man came up , and he was trying to touch me . He looks like a mortician . And there 's this woman ... Who he ... Keeps prodding her ... Poking her , cutting her . Oh , my gosh , this is so much to take in . Yeah . I feel like all this is from some fiction book , or a movie . Well , do you believe us now ? I tried to tell you something was weird , but you didn 't want to listen . Is it gonna bother Salem ? Yes . When I spoke with Salem ... And with her interest in death ... And seeing the dead . Is that ... Wanting to ... Have these experiences ... You know that saying , be careful what you wish for ? And so the dead are going to stay . And you want them here . And that want , whether it be consciously or subconsciously , keeps them here . And I think ... They ... Want something bad to happen . Why do you say that they want something bad to happen ? Because the little girl just told me that . She doesn 't like the people who live here . When I spoke with the little dead girl , she indicated ... That they were unhappy with the situation , and the situation is ... That they don 't want you guys in the house . And that they 're plotting . They want you out of the home , or they want things to change so that the trapped , dead that are here can leave . Why are they trapped ? There 's too many things . There 's too many dolls . There 's too much . Dolls were first created ... Um , in order to house the dead . Or to be vessels for the dead . Um , because they 're human-looking , but they 're empty inside . So one of the things that crossed my mind was is it possible that , some of them have been trapped inside the dolls ? I hope not . So you 're options are you can clear out the dolls or ... Yeah , you can move . But basically , this is just gonna continue to happen . It is , uh ... It 's very scary . What you brought us tonight is very scary , very scary indeed . - I feel horrible . I mean ... - Yeah . - This is not what I expected . - No . I thought it was something you could deal with or be taken care of or ... - Yeah . - I feel really terrible . - I love my dolls . That 's part of my ... - Right . - 90 % of my life has to do with dolls . - Right . And now , you know , I 'm like what should I do ? Should I , you know ... should I move ? Or should I get rid of the dolls , or ... ? - I don 't know . I 'm just very horrified . - Well , that 's ... - And I really don 't feel well right now . - Mm hmm . And it makes me scared for Salem . I don 't want her frightened . And I hate it that whoever they are that they don 't like my dolls . They don 't want us in the house , but , you know , I feel like it 's my house now . - Right . - And I don 't like them going through it . And I don 't know if I want to continue living here or not . Um , also , you have the fascination with ... The death and the paranormal , which , you know , they will linger around for that . Well , so far , things aren 't that bad . But will it get worse ? Oh , yes . I 'm horrified . I just ... It 's just scary . It 's creepy , and it 's not what I expected . You know , I 'll never be comfortable again . Mm-hmm . There are ways to alleviate it . You can 't stop it , but you can alleviate it . There 's ways to do that , one of them would be to remove as many dolls from the house as possible . And then do a thorough cleaning and cleansing of the house , top to bottom . And I can tell you how to do this . But you feel that you can take that first step of trying to make room and cleansing some of the dolls ... - Yeah . - And the house . I would like to until , you know , it can be ... - Okay for us to move . - Right , right , exactly . So a lot of good may come out of this in the long run . Mm-hmm . And you might have stopped something before it got out of hand . Mm-hmm . Having to tell a family that their children could be in danger ... Is probably the hardest part of my job . But if the dead want them out , it 's my responsibility to tell them .
