 Subs created by : David Coleman . I feel like I 'm being watched . Somebody smothering me , putting their hand on my face . It grabbed me by the back of my head and , like ... Somebody 's holding her down , choking her . I am seeing , shadow figures . I 'd wake up to a shadowy figure , right at the foot of my bed . He was speaking in Tongues . Sounds like something out of The Exorcist . I hate this house , I hate it . Get out ! - I 'm scared . - It 's frightening . Got to be something in here doing it . I don 't know what 's happening . My name is Amy Allan . There 's something down there . I see dead people . He doesn 't want me back there . I speak to dead people ... She 's pissed . And they speak to me ... She doesn 't like the people who live here . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . Someone did hang themselves here . - Where ? - There . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective ... Did you want to kill him ? And I know every person , every house ... has secrets . She did die in this house . It 's my job to reveal them . Would you be surprised if there were bodies in this basement ? No . But Steve and I never speak ... We never communicated during an investigation ... Until the very end ... Not good . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay ... Will it get worse ? Or time to get out . - Oh , yes . - Whew . Steve will dig into the history of a location , and he 'll interview the people involved . He 'll gather all the facts so that later when we come together , we can see if our research has drawn any significant conclusions . I 'm headed to a small town in California called Acampo . We 've got an elderly woman that lives in a farmhouse alone . She raised her children there , and her children actually reached out to us . They 're concerned for her because as they were growing up , they were tormented by a black smoky figure they 're convinced was a spirit . They say she 's not afraid , but that she should be . So I 'm gonna go meet with the mom now and see what I can find out . Before I enter a location , Matt will do what we call a cleaning . He 'll remove any personal items , photos , or any other information that could possibly influence my findings . And then I do my walk . The second I step onto this property , I can feel that something 's wrong . Okay . There 's a powerful presence in this house , and it 's evil . It 's really evil . I see two big hands trying to pull me in . Let me just wander a bit . Like , I feel like it comes ... In and out of the closets . There 's something darker . I want to hide . This is , like , so bizarre . Like , I don 't even want to open this closet . It 's like the physical doorway . That 's where they 're coming from . - Lorraine ? - Hi . Come on in . Well , let me just cut to the chase , your kids called , they 're a little concerned about the stuff that goes on in this house . And I figured I 'd start with you since you live here alone , right ? Yes , I do . Your husband 's been deceased for about ... almost eight years . - Eight years ? - Mm hmm . And did he have any experiences ? He had an experience himself several times , and he was telling me about it , but I didn 't really take it ... I don 't take things seriously . - I laughed it off . - Are you shutting it out ? More or less , yes . Lorraine seems to think that by ignoring the problem , it will go away . Now I understand why her kids are concerned for her safety . Maybe people have seen something you know , out of the corner of their eye . You kind of look up , and you kind of see something . Little movements , little things at first , but then it got not so good . I don 't know what 's happening . Maybe you could just tell me some of the things you 've seen in the house . I 've seen a few shadows , you know , but ... I 've not seen what my children have seen , so ... Okay , but you have experienced seeing shadows . Shadows , yeah . But it just passes , and it 's gone . Where do you see them ? Sometimes if you 're sitting down watching TV , all of a sudden , you see something go by , or you know , with your eye or ... - Okay . - And it just quickly ... - I 've seen it in my bedroom . - In your bedroom ? - Mm hmm . - And how often do you see these ? Not all the time . It 's just every so often . - And it doesn 't frighten you ? - No . I feel like there 's more kind of going on in this area . Wait a minute . I am seeing , like , shadow figures . Not our shadows , other ... like , shadow beings . Which makes me un-com-fort-able . I do not like those things . When was the first time anybody experienced anything unusual in the house ? I think my daughter Laura was the first . She was playing with her sister , and they were running down the stairs , and she went down into my room , going into it . And she had experienced something going across , like a dark ... I don 't know how to explain it . There 's this evilness , these shadow beings . Shadow people , we don 't know much about them . We don 't know where they come from . They 're just bad . They 're very , very bad . - Now your youngest is Joe . - Mm hmm . Did he start experiencing anything ? Yes , when he was probably around 4 . I guess he 'd have a bad dream or something was bothering him while he was sleeping , and then he 'd get up and be on the edge of his bed and sitting there , and he 'd have his eyes , like , going up , and he 'd go ... You know , like that ? Like , just not making sense , what he was trying to say . So what was actually coming out of his mouth ? He was speaking in Tongues , he was just going on ... - You know , rolling his tongue and just ... - Okay so ... With his eyes rolled back like somebody was ... You know , talking to him , I guess , I don 't know . I don 't know why he was doing it , but I guess he was seeing whatever he was seeing . Lorraine , that sounds like something out of The Exorcist . Well , that 's what I 'm saying . He wasn 't himself , you know ? Yeah , he was possessed . - You okay ? - Hmm , not really . I 'm kind of uncomfortable here . The first time I encountered shadow people , I was 4 years old , and they tried to kill me . They convinced me that they were my friends . And that I could go with them if I bit the electrical cord in my bedroom . And I did . I don 't really like the information I 'm getting . All I know is that there 's frickin ' shadow people here . So , frankly , I hate this house . There 's this evilness , these shadow beings . Shadow people , we don 't much about them . We don 't know where they come from . They 're just bad . They 're very , very bad . Shadow people are a mystery . We don 't know if they were once living people or not . What we do know is that they can literally drain the life from a living person . Bad with the closets . The closets are just bad here . This is where they go . Someone here tries to protect this room from these things . This is a female . She 's trying to protect this room . Stay out , get out , get out , stay out , get out . As long as a spirit is not hurting me , I don 't take things seriously . Obviously , Lorraine has not been tormented by these shadows . But the kids were , so I need to speak with them . Right in here is my mom and dad 's room . All right , this is where you had your first experience , you said ? Yeah . My sister Joanna was babysitting me and my brother Joey . And I was upstairs , and she was chasing after me , and I was bolting for this room because I wanted to run and shut the door . Right . And instead , as I ran , all of a sudden , I just stopped like this . Then she was coming right behind me . She stopped , too . And from this point , this thing just ... Went like this in front of us ... Like not fast , not slow , but just like at a perfect speed . Laura , did this mass have any kind of a shape ? No . It was cold , and it was thick black . - Okay . - It made us stop . So it could pass in front of us . I feel like there 's something in here . That has walked through the room , in and out of the room ... Around the bed a lot . There 's been arguments with this entity , this black shadow being . I feel like there 's been words exchanged . So this is my room that I grew up in , and , um , this is the room that 's terrified me to the point where I don 't even come in here anymore when I visit . - Really ? - Yeah . At night , when I would try to go to bed , I would always try to cover myself up because if I had any part of me exposed , something would touch me , or if my face was exposed , I 'd feel somebody breathing or something on top of me . Then I couldn 't move , and I couldn 't talk . I couldn 't do anything . You literally couldn 't move . My body was just dead weight . I would wish it away , um , pray , do whatever I could to get this thing to leave me alone . How old were you when this was happening ? Around like 11 to 13 and then on because I stayed in this room up until I was probably like 19 . This happened to you as you got older ? - Yeah . - And you understood it ? Mm-hmm . And it wasn 't a small-child fear anymore . No . No . I 'm getting somebody waking up in the middle of the night freaking out . Can 't breathe , being pushed on . And it 's these shadow beings , these shadow people . I hear somebody screaming . I 'm hearing a female screaming . Something physical happened to this female . Somebody putting their hand over her mouth and her nose , holding her down and , like , choking her . It came one night when I was in here and I 'd fallen asleep . All of a sudden , I see this , like , black thing ... Like a smoky black thing on this side right here . - All right . - It shoots up the wall like this ... Like a snake kind of thing , and it goes up to there , and then it goes up there , and then it goes along there . And then it goes over here , and then right where my head is over here . It goes down , and then , like , I heard this loud noise . It kind of grabbed me by the back of my head and , like , starting hitting my head like this . So I am frozen , and I 'm lying here , and I ... Finally , like , get myself out of it , and I jump up , and I ran across the room , slid open the door , and ran to the balcony . And I look down and I 'm like , dad , I can 't take it anymore . There 's a ghost in my room , I 'm going crazy , you know , I can 't deal with this anymore . And he goes , your little brother was up sleepwalking towards the basement saying ... " Leave me alone . Go away , leave me alone " . And I had to get him and grab him and shake him , and he woke up . And then I put him back to sleep , and then you just came out five minutes later . I just feel like the ... Somebody 's shaking me and yelling at me , and ... I 'm small ... And I can 't do anything , and they 're shaking the breath out of me . And I 'm being yelled at by this older male . And it seems like you , your brother , and your father all have this , connection as far as ... - Mm hmm . - Things happening to you . I come to find out it happened to , like , my sisters , as well . But we never really talked about it because we were all kind of embarrassed . My little brother was the one who was actively , talking and seeing the actual figures . He was really little when all this stuff was happening . I feel like I 'm being , like , watched by ... These shadow people . Like , they 're just watching right now . - So they 're present ? - I feel like they 're present now . Like , in here . I feel like they 're in here and they 're being ... they 're , like ... Watching , um ... Which I don 't like . I feel like I 'm being , like , watched by ... These shadow people . Are they influencing in any way , or ... Mm . No . They just kill people . They just kill kids , and they kill the elderly . That 's what the shadow people do . These beings kill children by luring them into dangerous situations . Like they did to me . They can prey on the elderly , by slowly draining the life out of them as they sleep . - So what are they doing in this case ? - They 're sucking someone 's life out . But it seems like slowly they 're doing it to this person . And they 're like just tormenting people , and there 's a lot of ' em , and I 'm freaked out . Both Laura and her mother say that Laura 's brother Joe , was most violently affected by the shadowy figures . So I need to speak with him next . When I was a kid , I used to see a lot of crazy stuff . A lot of it happened upstairs in my old bedroom . Some nights , when I was around 6 or 7 , I 'd wake up to a shadowy figure . And it was always the same spot , it was right at the entrance of my room . And right at the foot of my bed . The only thing I could really make out of it was , it looked like a man wearing a hat , top hat . And whenever I woke up and saw this figure or the shadow , I couldn 't move . And I just had a chill to my body and was just frightened , really frightened . Did you get woken up by anything , like a touch or anything like that ? On different occasions , yes , but not all the time . Sometimes I would wake up to a feeling that someone was grabbing my feet or screwing with my toes . - How often did this happen ? - Quite often as a kid . Now , when this happened , it happened when you said you were younger , about 7 ? Correct . Okay , and how long did it last ? Till how old ? It carried on throughout my ... my youth . It ... it really slowed down when I was at the age of 11 or 12 . Because then I started sleeping downstairs in this living room . I couldn 't sleep in my room anymore . I was that scared . That room is really bad . That room 's horrid . I hate it . - I hate that room . - Why ? I think a lot of bad things happened in there . And I feel like there 's been shadow people in there . I can 't [ Bleep ] breathe . Now you seem like you were pretty close with your father . Yeah . Could you get into detail about what you and your father experienced together ? We never really said anything about it , we just kind of look at each other , and we knew that we both kind of saw the same thing . Okay , but you guys never discussed it . Never discussed it . Did your father ever talk to you about stuff that he saw ? At this time , I was pretty young , and I think that they , uh , didn 't want to talk to me about it because maybe it would have made it worse . I hear , like , Soul Reaper . It 's eking out the person 's life . Sucking out the person 's life . And I 'm getting a male that 's being kind of slowly killed . By this thing , this black entity , this black shadow being . Did mom have any experiences here ? - If she did , she wouldn 't tell us . - She wouldn 't ? Yeah , she holds her cards pretty close to her chest . Why is that ? I 'm not sure . I think my mom 's had a lot of stuff go on in her life that ... Forced her to build a brick wall around it . And , uh , you know , she deals with things internally . Just lots of icky things going ... I just ... I can 't even do this . Just knowing that there 's a bunch of shadow people here . Is like , freaking me the hell out . - You need to take a minute ? - Yeah . Okay . I 've never walked away from an investigation out of fear . But this house is unlike anything I 've ever encountered . It 's taking everything I 've got to stop myself from running out the door . This is just a really negative , scary place . I seriously feel like somebody 's strangling the [ Bleep ] out of me . Like somebody 's smothering me , putting their hand on my face . Wow , this is , like , not cool , man . I just feel really frickin ' nauseous there from all the energy in that ... In the house . It 's , like , going through my body , like , physically pushing on my body . And it was hurting me . I 'm , like ... I 'm just in shock right now . You got blindsided . The other thing I did get was a poltergeist . Coming from a living agent in the house . After I got outside and away from the shadow people , I also felt the presence of a poltergeist . What most people don 't know , is that poltergeists are created by the living , not the dead . When someone with psychic abilities represses trauma or negative emotions . That negativity can materialize into a poltergeist , which can cause serious harm to people . Is there anybody that you can help as far as all this going on ? Well , I mean , the first thing that I have to try to figure out is if it 's the current residents that are doing this . If they 're the culprits , then we 've got a big [ Bleep ] problem . Because with that ... They could be bringing it on themselves . The other thing I did get was a poltergeist . So the first thing that I have to try to figure out is if it 's the current residents that are doing this . If they 're the culprits , then we 've got a big [ Bleep ] problem . Everyone in this family has the exact same story , and I 'm convinced they 're all telling me the truth . Now I got to find out if the problem existed before the family moved in . So I asked the last owner of the property to meet with me . - How are you ? I 'm Steve . - Nice to meet you , Steve . I understand you used to live here . You actually grew up in this house ? Yeah , born and raised here . - And you lived here till how old ? - Twenty one . When you lived here , did you ever experience any strange things in the house ? No , not really , no . My sister and I , neither one . - Okay , so you lived here with your sister ? - Yeah . - And your parents , obviously . - Yes . - Did they ever mention anything to you ? - Nothing , absolutely nothing . Do you know the family that lives here now ? Yes , we sold them the property . You don 't think they 're crazy or anything ? No , not that I know . Okay , so to you , they 're just a normal American family . - Far as I know , yes . - Okay . I can 't exactly investigate shadows . I need something concrete , so I look into the house , and there 's not much in its 70-year history . There are only two deaths that I can find ... The father of the previous owner , who died in 1963 . And Laura and Joe 's father , who died of a heart condition in 2003 . But neither of these deaths even happened in the house . Well , I feel like somebody died in here . Someone committed suicide . Somebody , like , gassed themselves . This is a male , but I also see a little boy on a ... on the car seat . They 're both white , he has short brown hair ... And it 's wavy . Its summer . It 's a long time ago . My heart 's pounding . They 're both dead . I widen my search to include the neighbor 's farmland close to the house . And then I find something from 1962 . Oh , my God . - Oh , God . - What 's wrong ? I just felt dizzy in my head . It 's my ears . Just ... Death , uh , dying . My head , like , really ... Feels bad . That 's it . That 's it . Okay . I know nothing about the residents in this house , and I never want to contaminate an investigation . But in this case , I really need to speak with Steve . Someone who lives here is either creating this poltergeist , or is in danger of being harmed by it . Steve agrees to arrange a private meeting . Have you had any experiences in this location ? Since my husband passed , I 've seen , like ... A shadow or something , but just catches your eye . It doesn 't stay there . It just goes away . It doesn 't ... it doesn 't bother me . What about your husband ? Did he ever have any experiences that you know of ? Well , I guess he 's seen what my kids seen . - Really ? Okay . - Some of it , yeah . I felt that the residents of this house were seeing the same shadow people that I saw . Which tells me that they could all have abilities , and any one of them is capable of creating a poltergeist . Now I need to figure out who 's suppressing their emotional pain . And creating the poltergeist that resides here . Did you ever have any , uh , traumatic incidents growing up ? Well , my mom had passed away during my senior year . - Oh , wow . Okay . - To me , that was ... yeah . - That was a ... - Going on 18 , I don 't know . - I can 't remember . - Okay , all right . Wow . She had a brain tumor , and she died just like that . - Oh , my goodness . - Yeah . Wow . - Is your father currently living , or ... - No . - Okay . - He committed suicide . Oh , okay . I 'm sorry . Hung himself . - So that was also traumatic for you . - Yeah . I didn 't know that , um , there was a lot of problems there . I thought maybe if I 'd have known , I could 've probably saved him , but he passed . Wow , so that 's ... that 's very traumatizing . That 's , you know , you get over it , though . You just got to keep going on . Lorraine has endured some very traumatic losses . And it seems to me she 's dealt with them by repressing her emotions . You 're obviously concerned about your children , and how these experiences are affecting them . Yeah , because I never seen Laura look like that , you know ? And Joe , I didn 't think he would be that bad . That 's ... There 's got to be something in here doing it , I don 't know . Sometimes it 's only about understanding what 's going on , and then knowing what you can do about it . Yeah . And then you can actually be proactive and take care of the situation . So that 's what hopefully we 'll be able to do here . Do you feel that it can be resolved ? How do they resolve it ? Well , there 's techniques that they can learn ... - Mm hmm . Mm hmm . - To kind of shut it down . How do you feel that you protect yourself ? I don 't believe in it . You know , I may ... I 'd have to really have to ... I just don 't ... I won 't let ... I won 't believe it . Well , I 've always been thankful , you know , that my kids were always healthy . Mm-hmm . I felt like God blessed me , you know , not to , take away anything away from me again , because I miss my mother and father , you know ? So ... Right . That 's why I feel I was blessed because the thing was really seriously wrong with it . Lorraine has seen these things with her own eyes . But she 's still in denial about their existence . And that 's the problem . Repressed emotions are not going to eliminate poltergeists or shadow people from her home . It could make them stronger . I did not want to go back into this house , but I really need to find out what Steve has uncovered . I also need to sit face-to-face with Lorraine 's kids , and only her kids . I don 't think Lorraine 's ready to hear what I have to say . Well , hi , guys . It 's good to see you again . I want to introduce you to Amy . Amy , this is Laura , and this is Joseph . They were both born and raised in this house , and they called us in to ... Try to give them some answers as to what 's going on here . What I 'd like to do is start by having Amy talk about her walk . The first thing I want to talk about is in the garage area . It seemed to be either a double suicide or a murder / suicide . Well , I feel like somebody died in here . Someone committed suicide . Somebody , like , gassed themselves . This is a male , but I also see a little boy on a ... on the car seat . They 're both dead . There was gas involved . He gassed himself . See , the thing is with Amy , she picks things up and she 'll say something , and I 'll remember an article or some interview I 've done . That 'll bring clarity to the information that she gets . I actually I have an article when I was doing my research back in August of ' 62 . It 's summer . It 's a long time ago . My heart 's pounding . A guy killed himself and his 6-year-old son by , uh , asphyxiation in the truck . He hooked up the gas pipe into the cab of the truck , killed himself and his son . Death , uh , dying . My head , like , really ... Feels bad . This happened within the area right here , very close to where we are . I guess that 's probably what you picked up . Wow . And , Amy , you found this outside in the garage when you did your walk ? Yes . Normally , I would feel validated by the article that Steve found , but I 'm focused on the bigger issue right now . I want to make sure that Laura and Joe get the answers they are looking for . This case is unlike any of the other cases we 've done . So I just want to make sure you still want to go forward with the information we 're gonna give you because it 's very sensitive , and it 's very scary . - Yeah , I think so . - Okay . Amy , if you can continue about your walk ... So I came into the house . And upstairs , in the bedroom areas ... I encountered five different shadow people . - So they 're present ? - I feel like they 're present now . They 're , like ... Watching ... Which I don 't like . They were coming and going through the closets . They interacted with people who were in the household . Typically when they would be in bed at night . And they were basically causing harm to the individuals here . In a location , I 've only ever encountered one , so to be in a household where there were five really disturbed me . I 'm actually terrified of these things . And I 've had my own experience with them when I was a child . It was actually my first memory of an experience ... Was with shadow people . And they actually tried to kill me . They influenced me to bite my electrical cord , and I was electrocuted . That 's when I also kind of figured out that they were not good . Because initially , they tried to say that they were good and they wanted me to come with them . So I do find these entities very horrifying . I 'd like Laura and Joseph to tell you what happened to them when they were kids . I spent the majority of my childhood in this room up here . Every night , before I 'd go to bed , I 'd always feel something on me . - Sorry . - It 's okay . And I 've actually seen this black smoke in my room go up the wall . I would always feel like , um , I couldn 't breathe . I was just paralyzed where I couldn 't move . I mean , it 's fascinating that you 're saying that there 's actually these figures because I 've seen them . I 've had very similar situations happen to me very frequently as a kid , and it started as soon as I could remember . Even before I could remember , I was told that I would sleepwalk , I would speak in Tongues . And it was all driving from when I was sleeping in my room upstairs . Sleepwalking and sleep-talking , that 's typically them interacting with us while we 're asleep . So where do these shadow people come from ? Were they in the house here already , or did they come from somewhere else ? Well , unfortunately , there 's not a lot known about where they come from . We think that they are attracted to locations of people who have abilities . Of people who are vulnerable ... And that there 's some type of negativity , that 's attracting them to that location . They usually go after young children . Or elderly people or people who are sick and vulnerable . And they absolutely were encountering people in this household and messing with them . And I think , in fact , one person in the household may have been ... Killed by them . The person that I saw was a male , an older male . He was sleeping when I saw him . And one of the beings was sucking out his breath . So I was thinking chest issues , breathing issues , heart issues ... Things of that nature , that this thing , over a long term , was doing to this person . I hear Soul Reaper . I feel like it 's sucking out the person 's life . From everything that I 've seen on my walk and heard from this family , I believe I was seeing their father . But it 's not my place to say . I think Joe and Laura will talk about it when they 're ready . When I did the walk of the upstairs ... I 'm sorry , it really bothers me . It 's okay . Do you feel them right now ? A little bit . When I did the walk of the upstairs ... I 'm sorry , it really bothers me . Do you feel them right now ? A little bit . Where exactly are you picking up the energy ? From over in this location . I was feeling like they were on the landing . I kind of wanted to leave . I just still have a lot of issues of my own with that from my childhood . Joe , what 's on your mind ? A lot 's on my mind . I mean , really , it 's a lot to take in , you know ? It 's frightening . It 's ... it 's crazy . So basically , what you 're telling us , it ain 't safe upstairs for ... Kids , for elderly , for anybody that 's maybe vulnerable or have some kind of ... - Illness . - Weakness or illness . - It 's not safe up there . - No , it 's not safe upstairs . - And it 's not safe downstairs . - Downstairs ? - The whole downstairs and the basement ? - Yeah , not safe . To have five in one household is just ... like , boggled my mind . Like I 've never seen that before . I think that they were attracted ... Probably to the family because it seems that you all have abilities . And then , you were young children , vulnerable , they 're attracted to that . So it was kind of like the perfect storm . Even though Joe and Laura have encountered these shadow people personally . It 's still seems hard for them to accept . This makes me concerned about what I have to tell them next . So the next thing that I encountered was a poltergeist entity . And the thing about poltergeists is that it 's not ... Like the movie poltergeist . A poltergeist stems from a living agent . So it 's somebody who resides at the location . And what happens is ... Typically , it 's an individual who has repressed their emotions . They tend to keep it bottled up and pushed down . And what can end up happening is that that emotion that 's been bottled up ... Comes out in a manner of affecting their physical surroundings . Via this electricity or this energy that can come from the body . That 's basically what a poltergeist is , from a living person . I did speak to your mother yesterday . I did interview her . I know where that 's going . I 'm sorry , I ... - No , it 's okay . It 's okay . - I can see ... It 's something that 's subconscious . It 's not something that the person is aware they 're doing . It 's not something that the person wants to do . It 's just simply something that happens to someone who has gone through emotional traumas , who has learned to repress their emotions , as a safety . It 's just something that can be a natural occurrence . So basically anybody can carry this kind of energy ? Not anybody um , it 's usually people with ability 's . I try to help people by telling them what I see . But I can 't always make things better . Sometimes they have to do that for themselves . Obviously mom 's not here with us tonight . But I 'm just curious , are you guys going to share any of this information with her ? I think I will , I 'll try to explain what a poltergeist can be . But I don 't think it 's her , I think it could be , something else . I don 't think it could be her . We 're just coming in here to give you what we found out . Basically on this case mostly what Amy found out . We wouldn 't be doing our jobs if we didn 't tell you everything . - Of course , I understand that . - Right . It can 't be easy for Joe and Laura to process my findings . But the most important part of my job , no matter how difficult it may be is to be honest with them . You know if it is possible that that 's the case . What are some things we can do to remedy that situation ? The best thing is just for her to talk . You know really talk out her emotions . And talk out that energy , and for her to release verbally , or in writing ... The things that she 's been through , things that she 's experienced , and have that emotional outlet . In a safe way . This a lot of information for you guys to absorb in a couple of hours , so I mean what do you think Joe ? Well , if anything it 's validating for me . People probably think I 'm still a little off . But you know once you experience something this , it open 's your eyes , and you see something . I mean it 's hard to deny something that 's happened so many times to me . Amy always tells our clients the same thing . - You have to take control . - Big time . Obviously as a family we have a lot of things we need to consider , and think about for the future here . But it 's defiantly stuff that we 've heard . We 're gonna have that conversation , we 're going to move forward here , we 're a strong family and we 're going to work through this . No one knows where shadow people come from , so no one knows how to get rid of them . But we do know that they 're drawn to negative emotions . Lorraine has experienced a lot of tragedy in her life . And I hope that Joe 's right , that as a family they can pull together , and create a more positive environment for Lorraine . But personally , I would leave this house and never come back .
