 Subs created by : David Coleman . They 're all dead together . They know who I am . I don 't know what the hell that was . It floated around the pool table . Apparitions here follow us home . - The ground is cursed . - It 's like a little pit of hell . A child hasn 't got a chance . Something grabbed my elbow . I could feel his hands around my neck . He is very pissed off . There 's something down there . My name is Amy Allan . A lot of dead people are here . I see dead people . This is not good . I speak to dead people .. He is very pissed off . And they speak to me .. The house is angry . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . He 's killed people . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective .. He got shot at his house ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . Aren 't you terrified being here ? It 's my job to reveal them . That sounds like something out of " The Exorcist . " But Steve and I never speak .. We never communicate during an investigation .. Until the very end . It 's bad . And we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay .. I 'd like some answers . Or time to get out . Amy and I conduct our investigations separately . I interview the witnesses , gather the facts , and sort through the history of each location . At the end we come together to see if there 's any correlation with our findings . I 'm just outside of Salt Lake City , Utah , in a small town called Santaquin . Leslie owns and operates Leslie 's family tree restaurant . She and her employees apparently are seeing apparitions so I 'm hoping our investigation will give her some answers . Throughout the day I 've been having strange feelings . I .. Was feeling , like , this insanity , like .. Like murderous intentions . Before Amy can do her walk , I need to clear the location of anything that can influence her investigation . This place is especially difficult because its walls are covered with old personal photographs . People can leave behind a wake of residual energy that can last for centuries , which is why it 's crucial for me to take my time and try to connect with the location at the beginning of the walk so I don 't miss anything . The ground is cursed . It is .. Holy land . So something 's gonna happen in this place .. Which probably isn 't good . Steve . Leslie . Good to finally see you . Uh , you sounded very worried when we spoke . I have been . Lately we 've been doing quite a bit of remodeling and different things up here , and the activity has just gotten more and more . We have a lot of really weird electrical problems going on . We have appliances that will turn on and off . We have clocks that run backwards . And sometimes the power in the whole building will go out for no reason . I 'm seeing this guy . This person is really .. Unhappy about this structure . They 're unhappy about the location . I think they 're gon .. They 're gonna do something relatively soon . Uh , he 's pretty good with , uh , things that are electrical . He 's saying , like , " how many times " " does something have to happen before people freaking , like , get it ? " He 's , uh , got issues . Now how long do you have this place ? I 've owned it for six years . And before that my Mother owned it for 20 years . It was a dance hall . It was the old post office years ago . It was a place where kids would come in and play games , machines , stuff like that . What 's so urgent now that you need our help ? Well , I possibly could be getting ready to retire , and I 'm worried about my daughter working here and even maybe her children in the long run . I 'm very concerned about their safety . Change , change , cha .. Like a constantly .. Uh , transitioning space . Whatever is here .. Has an idea of what it should be .. And it 's not been that yet . So that 's not good . Back in here was the dance floor . About six years ago we started renovating this , and it 's gotten very , very active . We hear kids back here playing , laughing all the time . In fact , I 've even seen a young man back here . - Really ? - Yep . Only lasted for a couple of seconds , but I did see the profile . There 's some kids even . Are you interacting with them or just observing them ? They 're staring at me , and I 'm staring at them . I think they 're getting orders . I don 't know who this guy , Henry .. - To do what ? - To .. That they 're not allowed to talk . Like , they 're not allowed to hang out , because he 's pissed off . He is very pissed off . - What is this ? - This is a .. Trapdoor that leads to our basement downstairs . Nobody ever goes down there . It 's just too scary . I 'd like to go down , if that 's okay . Oh , okay , you 'll .. You better go first , because I don 't like it . This is not making me feel good . This is .. All right . It 's okay . I 've been in a lot worse places , trust me . There we go . Now , Leslie , you said that you have a weird feeling down here . What 's going on ? I 've heard voices . When I have had to come down here , I just feel like somebody is watching me . - Like you 're not alone ? - Exactly . Like I 'm not alone . Okay . You know it was a saloon upstairs . Do you know if anything would have happened down here ? Well , it used to be a boxing ring where the locals would come down and box .. - Okay . - About 40 years ago . And after that it was also an illegal gambling hall . ♪ ♪ People would spend money .. And have a party . Things were good . What sort of stuff did they do ? - Just , you know , spend money and stuff . - On what ? - Hmm , gambling . - Okay . But now everybody 's all angry . It 's like a little pit of hell . Good times again . Things were very good when people would spend money . But now everybody 's all angry , because they cannot do what they want to do . I 'm sensing a very hostile presence in the basement . Whatever is here is sending me a very strong message that it wants me gone . I gotta get away from this guy . He is full of anger . Crissa uh , I understand you 've been working here for about six months . - You 've had a couple of things go on . - Yeah . Not long after I started here , it felt like something grabbed my elbow . It really made me uncomfortable that something had touched me . What else ? Anything else ? I 've had my little girl here , and she was walking around one day and started talking , saying that there were ghosts here . It really shocked me , and I got worried about having her here all the time . Crissa , has she ever mentioned that there were kids she were talking to or anything like that ? She did kind of say something about a little boy , but she changed the topic really fast . Anything else ? I saw an old man sitting at that table right over there . But I thought it was an honest-to-goodness person sitting there , so I went through the doors , and as soon as I could see again , he was gone . One of our tasks is to dust the pictures on the walls . And that picture right there .. I saw that guy . I know it 's him . He used to come here . When he was alive .. A lot . I think he thinks , like , we 're gonna kick him out . Like , he 's saying , " this is mine . Get out .. " " Or I 'm gonna screw your world and life up . " Like , he doesn 't care if he hurts somebody . He doesn 't care if he kills .. He doesn 't care . He doesn 't have a conscience . So he 's the perfect guy for this job . He 's , like , really nuts , this guy . Something is obviously going on at the restaurant now . But I 'm gonna go speak with Leslie 's Mom , Nan . She 's the original owner of the restaurant . And I want to see how far back these issues go . Nan , thanks for sitting down with me . I interviewed Leslie and a couple girls that work at the restaurant , so I actually had a couple questions for you . Did you ever experience anything ? I had several things . Uh , one day we had a clock .. I seen it going backwards .. - But there was no battery in it . - Wow . It was just kind of mind-boggling , you know ? And I had one waitress , she took some dishes from the back dining room into the kitchen . When she came in .. And the vacuum was going . And she come out , and she says , " I quit . " And I says , " what do you mean , you quit ? " And she says , " I 'm not kidding . That vacuum 's in there going , " and it 's not plugged in . " Is there any specific location that employees won 't go into ? None of ' em wanted to go over into where the pool hall originally was . Did they tell you why ? We used to hear , like , little kids playing . Well , it seems like there 's a few things going on - at that place . - Yeah . I seen this ghost , and it come out through the back door , and it was about maybe a foot and 1 / 2 off the floor . And it floated around the pool table and went over and went through the door to the east . What .. What did it look like ? I could tell it was a woman , because it had a dress . In fact , one of the customers that come in all the time came in one night , and he says , " I just seen a lady back there , " " and she 's about 2 feet off the ground , and she went through the wall . " I 'm hearing a woman crying . Crying . She 's scared . As a sensitive , I can feel what a dead person is experiencing . And whatever has happened to this woman has her very upset . Oh , there 's a lot of , like .. Man , I just want to start punching somebody really hard . Like , I just want to start punching somebody . Clocks running backwards , unexplained power outages , appliances turning on and off by themselves .. Strange stuff , but there could be a simple explanation . So I 've called in an electrician to give the place a once-over . You know , it 's a long shot , but sometimes electrical surges can cause appliances to turn on and off on their own . If that 's the issue , it 's important to rule it out right off the bat . Well , I checked everything out , and there 's definitely nothing in there that would cause these kinds of problems . Okay , so nothing you saw could cause any appliances to turn on and off by themselves . - Definitely not , no . - Okay , - what about clocks going backwards ? - Definitely not . Okay . What about power outages ? Not without someone physically turning something off . All right , good . That 's good . I think . I think he likes fire . And that 's why he likes the electronics . He feels like this is his .. His land , and we should probably leave . This .. This guy 's making me * * angry , like I 'm gonna * * kill somebody . I think there 's a lot of spirit .. Souls that are trapped in there . They 've been contaminated . You know , somebody did a ritual and , like , cursed it . And that stuff can really screw people up . A Native American did it . Like , they physically did a ritual . You know what ? They just need to * * knock it down , to be perfectly honest . Okay ? They just need to knock it down . What 's wrong ? You 're making strange faces . Hmm , I think that 's where the people stay . What people ? Dead people ? - Mm-hmm . Yeah , they 're dead . - So that 's .. Where they are now ? I feel like they 're all dead together , like a mass grave , because they 're .. You know , I think they 're dead together , bodies are together in the grave . As an investigator , all I can say is that when several people report seeing the same thing , there 's usually something to it . So I 'm headed over to the local library to see if I can make sense of whatever 's going on here . Working homicides in the N.Y.P.D. You get to see some pretty wild stuff . But as a father , nothing can prepare you for what I discovered in the library 's archives . Not one , but four very young children were killed in a very short time span , all of them in the town 's flood control channels that just happen to run behind the family tree restaurant . And there 's some kids even . Hmm , there 's , like , four kids . And they did not know each other in life . They died at different times ? Yes . I think that they died of .. All of the same kind of stuff . I see water . Is there water under here ? With over 25 years of investigative experience , I can tell you one thing . Small-town police chiefs know a lot about the local history . So I 'm headed over to meet with Santaquin 's Chief Howard . I 'm hoping he can tell me more about how these kids drowned . I 've uncovered some drownings um .. Of young children , actually , here , pretty close to where the restaurant was . Can you explain any of what happened ? There 's been a number of children that have drowned - up until the early ' 50s , 1951 . - Right . It 's deceptive , the look of this ditch as it 's dry . But in the springtime , you can have a ditch such as this , and within a matter of seconds it can be full and running rapidly . And a child hasn 't got a chance . And there 's been two adults that I 'm aware of . Back in the ' 30s was a 70-year-old man . And then in the late ' 60s , early ' 70s , a man fell in and was pulled out just a block up the street . One of the children that , uh , drowned in the ' 40s in this ditch , his younger brother lives just across the street now . He 's a good friend of mine , Dennis Lamb . - He knows he was found here ? - He does . And he lives in the house right across the street ? - Correct . - Holy * * . Dennis , I uh , was speaking with the Police Chief in town . He mentioned that your brother was one of the drowning victims over here . - Do you know what happened ? - I .. I know what happened . My Mother was in the house doing things , and Robert had gone outside . And my Mother got worried and wanted to run outside to find out where he was at , and he was gone . And so she knew immediately that something was wrong . Was he missing for a while - and there was a search for him ? - No . Or did .. Was it .. That must have been unimaginable for your Mom . She was completely devastated . She felt responsible . She felt it was her fault . I .. I can 't imagine it . No , you 're not supposed to bury your children . That 's the first time I 've actually cried over him . Can you talk more about the crying woman ? This woman was very depressed . And whatever was happening to her was very traumatic . What is she doing ? It 's a lot of anger . And rage . You know , so , like , she 's crying , but she 's angry to the point where she wanted to , like , kill or harm . There are kids of various ages . Boys . And there are several men . And I think that they 're afraid . So you were saying , Dennis , that your brother had passed away , but several other people had drowned in these ditches , you know , an old man , too . You know anything about an old man ? Yes . My father was out irrigating his garden , and he found him lodged under a .. A bridge . This is unbelievable . Dennis ' father loses his own child in one of these drainage ditches then finds an old man in another . What are the chances of that ? Did your father ever talk to you about him ? Just that he was stuffed under the bridge . And they had quite a time getting him out . What ? - Mm-mmm .. - What 's wrong ? Well , I saw , like , a little gremlin-ly kind of .. That was kind of creepy . Can you describe what you saw ? It was this thing .. That had super-long arms , weird hips that kind of like came up . Like , how big is it ? Pretty * * big . He 's a scary guy . I don 't like him . This guy knows how to get inside of people . He can , like , influence them . What do you mean ? He can go in their bodies and make them do * * . I 'm finally on my way to meet with Leslie 's daughter Bobbie , who 's been out of town . I need to see if she 's experienced anything that could corroborate what her Mother and Grandmother have told me . Well , Bobbie , I talked to your Mom , talked to some of the people that work here . They told me what they 've been experiencing . So I need to hear from you if you 've been experiencing anything . Yeah , I 've experienced a lot of things moving , a lot of noises . I 've had blenders turning on and off , lights flickering . I 've seen a little boy in the West room . Your Mom owns it now . You 're looking to carry on the tradition and .. - Yes . - Actually take over . - Yes , I 'd like to . Yes . - Why ? Uh , I mean , aren 't you terrified being here ? I am . Um , it 's been in the family for so , so long that I don 't want it to go anywhere else but to me . If Amy told you you better not stay here , you gotta get out , what would you do ? Well , if it was gonna put my family in danger , I guess we 'd get out , because family comes first . The entity I saw on my walk was one of the most bizarre I 've ever encountered . I sat down with the sketch artist and forced myself to describe its grotesque features . If you were to describe the face , what shape would it be ? Normal here , but just kind of bigger here . How were the eyes on the face ? There 's no eyelids . Just bulbous . - Pupils ? - No , it was just white . Interesting . Okay . A hunchback . You could actually see , like , the vertebrae , like .. It was weird . You wouldn 't want to meet this guy anywhere . - Are we anywhere in the ballpark ? - Well , yeah , this looks good . Okay . Well , Bobbie , you told me a lot . - I mean , is there anything else going on ? - There is one more thing . There 's an old man that 's been lurking around here , and he followed me home one night . Explain that to me . What happened ? Well , I went home and was getting ready for bed and laid down , and every time I closed my eyes , I could feel his hands around my neck , pulling me off my bed . And so I shook really hard and opened my eyes , and I seen him up by my closet . And he just disappeared into the ceiling . It was him . It was him . Like , I know it was him . Without a doubt , it was him . Amy and I conduct our investigations separately . Not only do we not cross paths , but we never discuss each other 's findings until now . Leslie , you actually called us in , because you 're concerned about turning the restaurant over to your daughter . Yes . So with that , Amy , if you could just tell us what you encountered when you first did your walk . Initially , what I got was this male telling me that the whole building needed to be pushed back . And it had been a lot of different things . This part of the building my grandpa built 40 years ago . And we turned it into a restaurant about 26 years ago . Okay . The old part of the building was a saloon . - Mm-hum . - Uh , they did boxing in the basement . - Interesting . - Gambling . Change , change . Cha .. Like a constantly .. Uh , transitioning space . Whatever is here has an idea of what it should be . And it 's not been that yet . When I came in , I was talking to this gentleman . His name is Henry . And he said that he is trying to .. Communicate to you guys via electronics . Part of the issue that they 're having is appliances turning on and off by themselves . Okay . I brought an electrician in to check it out . Uh-huh . Nothing wrong with the electricity here . Okay . Interesting . So what else did you see during your walk ? There were children . There were about four of them . And there 's some kids even . Are you interacting with them or just observing them ? I 'm just .. They 're staring at me , and I 'm staring at them . They all did die from the same thing . Yeah , there 's one I actually almost ran into turning a corner . Oh , wow . And then I witnessed one , dark hair , very thin . I did uncover during the investigation that four kids drowned .. Oh , wow . In an irrigation ditch right around the corner from here . I actually got one of the death certificates of this poor kid , this kid Robert Lamb . He was 17 months old , a little , cute kid . He literally washed up right behind the restaurant .. - Wow . - So they really suffered when they died , these kids . - It 's .. It 's a little heartbreaking . - Yeah , definitely heartbreaking . I did see a woman . Then walking down the stairs hearing a female crying and just feeling the despair . She was very depressed . And like , whatever was happening to her was very traumatic . - My Mother has seen her . - Yeah . Uh , neighbors around the line area have seen her . That 's freaking me out . This kid , Robert Lamb .. I just happened to find out that his brother was still alive and living here . When I spoke to him , I asked him about his Mom . And she came out looking for her son who wandered off , and somebody found him in the ditch right across the street . She blamed herself for years , which I guess any Mother would do . Amy , you mentioned about a guy named Henry . Bobbie and Crissa .. Crissa 's an employee .. Have had an interaction with an elderly man . Yes . There 's a photo here of a man that she says she 's pretty sure is him , and that 's this older guy here . That 's interesting . I got his death certificate on this man . This guy 's name is William Wallace York . Now you seem to think it was the same guy also . Yeah , I got a really bad feeling when I seen him . - Explain that to Amy . - After work late at night I went home . As soon as I got in bed and closed my eyes , I could feel hands around my neck trying to pull me off the bed . Oh , boy . This is not good . A lot of the dead people here are not good . Amy , is that the guy you sketched ? No . Uh , what I sketched was .. A very strange thing . Okay , you guys want to take a look at the sketch ? Yeah . - I 'm nervous to . - Yeah . I don 't see the sketch Amy does until the end . Are you kidding me ? This is what you saw ? I know . It 's really strange . Oh , my gosh . What I sketched was a very strange thing . Okay , you know what ? Let 's take a look at the sketch . Are you kidding me ? Oh , my gosh , are you kidding me ? - Are you serious ? - Wow . Oh , wow . I don 't normally get chills . I got chills just now . - Oh . - Yeah . Me , too . That was peering out from the ladies room in the other part of the building . What ? - Mm-mmm .. - What 's wrong ? Well , I saw , like , a little gremlin-ly kind of .. That was kinda creepy . This guy knows how to get inside of people . He can , like , influence them . What they can do is project images that will scare you or disarm you into thinking that it 's good . And so it could be this thing . It could be a child . Bobbie , didn 't you tell me that something followed your Mom home ? Yeah , it was a little boy about 7 years old . She felt like it was innocent . You know , whatever it needs from you , it will become . There is this older man . He works for this thing . And , um , they have an agenda . They are out for themselves . And they will manipulate to get what they want . These people want energy to .. Become powerful . I never thought we 'd find something like that . What he likes to do is tag people . And then he can pull them back when they die . He wants more people to die . Okay , Leslie , you 've heard and you 've seen what we uncovered in the investigation . Uh , the most pressing question here tonight is , is it safe for you to take this restaurant and pass it on to your daughter ? If you want this thing to stop , you gotta listen to Amy . I would like to tell you to leave .. But I can 't , because you kind of inherited a situation . And something needs to be done pretty quickly . You know , you guys obviously didn 't start this . You know , unfortunately , it 's your responsibility to take care of this . What I think happened here is that there was an upset Native American . Who actually did a curse . And the people who have been trapped need to be released . This is going to be a really , really difficult process . What I would do is find out the tribe that was here and then find an elder from that tribe to help you . You want a blessing . You want a cleansing . You want this curse to be broken . And bring in possibly different religious leaders to help move on all the different people . How .. How many are we talking ? As many as possible . I know it 's so big and intense . But if you walk away , you could still be affected . You could die , and you could become trapped in an eternity in agony . - What are you gonna do ? - Well , first thing - we 're gonna do is check our history .. - Yeah . - And find out what Indian .. - What Indian tribe was here . And we 'll move on to getting it blessed . It sounds like a lot of steps , but we 'll take ' em . Well , you guys are pretty passionate about this restaurant . It sounds like you want to fight . - We are . Yeah . - Oh , yeah . Yeah . You are . You 're fighting for your life here . It won 't be easy , but if Leslie and Bobbie follow my advice , the dead can finally be released and set free . Only then will it be safe to pass this family restaurant on to future generations . Subs created by : David Coleman . 1 .
