 Subs created by : David Coleman . I just felt ... A lot of anger . There was a face looking at us . I really don 't want to go down there . I was absolutely spooked . I just feel dead here . There was a body in the basement . Bludgeoned with a hammer . This is bad stuff . Well , are you afraid of something happening to you ? Yeah . Very , very angry . This guy scares me . My name is Amy Allan . There 's something down there . I see dead people . He doesn 't want me back there . I speak to dead people ... She 's pissed . And they speak to me ... She doesn 't like the people who live here . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . Someone did hang themselves here . - Where ? - There . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective ... Did you want to kill him ? And I know every person , every house ... has secrets . She did die in this house . It 's my job to reveal them . Would you be surprised if there were bodies in this basement ? No . But Steve and I never speak ... We never communicated during an investigation ... Until the very end ... Not good . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay ... Will it get worse ? Or time to get out . - Oh , yes . - Whew . Steve will gather all of the facts while he 's performing his investigation . He interviews the witnesses . He finds out the history . Then we 'll come together at the end . And find out if there 's anything that correlates . I 'm in Asbury Park , New Jersey . This place was devastated by the economy and riddled with crime ... But recently it 's been making a comeback . I 'm down here to see a restaurant owner named Jeffrey . Jeffrey owns a restaurant called " Plan B " . He bought it a couple years back . His , uh , staff is complaining about unexplained phenomenon . They don 't want to go in the kitchen , they don 't want to go in the basement , they don 't want to work late . So I 'm gonna meet with him , uh , find out what 's going on . And try to find out what the history of the building is . Before I enter a location ... Matt has already cleared that location of any information that may influence my walk . I 'm , like , already starting to get physical sensations . En Route to the location , I start feeling physical pain . Which is very unusual . There was , like , two sharp blows . First I felt in my jaw . I don 't know what that is . Wherever I 'm heading , I know that something very powerful is waiting for me . When I encounter the dead , I am seeing them , just like I 'm interacting with a living person . But I might be communicating with residual energy ... Or I might be communicating with dead people . That 's what I 've always been trying to find out . So one person 's showing up . I just felt ... A lot of anger . In where ? There 's a male here . Lots of anger here . So angry . The problem , to him ... Is women . Ooh . A woman hater . This guy scares me . Jeffrey , how are ya ? Steve Dischiavi . Hi . Nice to meet you . Uh , beautiful place . - Thank you . Thank you . - Beautiful , yeah . So you 're having a little issue here at the restaurant ? Just some things have been happening here that I felt might ... Need some explaining . This is pretty much where I spend my time during service . Uh , it gives me good access to watching the front of the restaurant . Watching the people at the tables , also watching the kitchen , making sure the food is coming out right , and , um ... More than just a few times , I 'll be standing here , and ... I hear my name being called . Immediately I look around , because I feel like it should be someone right next to me , speaking to me , and there 's nobody around . Makes my hair stand up . Now has anybody else that works with you , had their name mentioned to them that ... that have ... That I 'm not sure . You don 't know ? Guy thinks he 's hearing his name called out . In a busy restaurant , acoustic-wise , that 's bound to happen . It 's not exactly proof that there 's paranormal activity going on . All right , is there anyplace else in the restaurant you could show me they 're having problems ? Um , the basement 's really pretty ... Uh , pretty frightening . I really don 't want to go down there . Oh , man . I feel like vomiting . Like , everything in my body just , like , I don 't ... Usually I 'm fine . I don 't know why this is bothering me . Have you ever been so freaking scared that you throw up ? That 's what I 'm feeling right now . Like you know . There 's something down there . Oh , my God . So what 's going on ? The scariest thing for me down here was , um ... One afternoon a friend of mine and I were down here trying to get some stuff together , and , um ... As we were walking down we were looking back towards this back wall here . Um ... There was a face ... That looked like it was peering through the 2x4s , looking at us . Can you describe the way it looked ? Was it a man ? Yeah , it was definitely a gentleman . I mean , it was just for , uh , a flash . Now did it look like it was an actual person , where you went back there and said , " maybe somebody 's in the basement ? " Yeah , I mean , we , you know , like , were kinda startled and then walked back there , and there was nothing there . - And your friend saw this also ? - Yes , she did . It was spooky . We kinda ran up the stairs pretty quick . Now you must be frightened coming down here , I mean , after I 'd seen something like that , I don 't think I 'd want to come down . It 's not a place I like to come . I guess we should go down , but I don 't really want to go down there . It was unusual to be at the top of the stairs and not just run down them . Usually I just jump into situations that others probably consider not very safe or smart . But in this case , I really had to work through the fear in order to go down into the basement . ( Bleep ) Something did happen down here . It 's like a hole , and , um ... This nasty thing is there . Ooh . I don 't like it . Not good . It 's like a hole , and , um ... This nasty thing is there . Right in there . Every place has some kind of energy , whether it 's positive or negative . It 's very rare to go into a location that has no energy at all . I can only describe it as a void , and it 's very , very scary . This is bad stuff . I decided to interview some of Jeffrey 's staff , to see what was going on around here . I started with his Head Chef Evan . I 'm investigating , uh , some of the unusual activity that 's happening in this restaurant . Can you just give me a background of what happened with you and what you might have seen or heard ? Well , actually a couple weeks ago , I was , uh , upstairs working with Benny . And I turned around by the staircase , and I actually , uh , saw a man walk by and around the corner . And he was walking focused , and he kinda turned towards where the kitchen is and then just looked like he went right downstairs , but that 's where I lost him . I saw something , you know ? I , uh , it wasn 't me imagining , it was definitely something . So now I have two witnesses that claim to have seen a male apparition . Once you have corroborating witnesses like that , you gotta take things a little bit more serious . At the time , did you freak out , or it was ... I was absolutely spooked . I actually stepped back and looked up to Benny at that point . I was like , " Benny , did you see that ? " And he was like , " no , " but you knew that he has probably seen something before , the way he said that and a few weeks later , I found out that Benny has been terrified of this basement . Has been seeing and hearing things nonstop . I just feel dead here , just dead energy . Like , dead people or absence of ... - Absence . - Okay . Oh ... Okay . There 's something , like , growling at me to my left . There 's something ... Laughing and growling and ... And touching my arm . I 'm not getting , like , a human , like , form with this thing . This thing is , like ... Evil . Evan the Chef was sure Benny was hiding something . So I need to speak with Benny to find out why he 's so afraid of the basement . How long have you been working here ? Like , two years . Uh , can you explain to me what 's been going on , as far as what 's weird ? Uh , I don 't really like to go downstairs to the basement . Did something happen to you in the basement that made you feel that way ? Yeah . When I go down there , I feel , um , like , weird , like somebody is downstairs ... Somebody 's on my back . I feel , like , weird things , like , touch me . Ow . It 's hurting my arm . It 's , like , this thing is ... Something that ... Really nasty ... Dark ... Darkness . What is it ? Mm ... Well , um ... I guess that the closest thing that I could relate it to ... Would be ... A demon . I 've only encountered these types of entities a handful of times . And these things can be extremely dangerous . It can move objects . It can manipulate perception . It can ... Strike fear . I think this one really likes to scare people . Are you afraid when you go down there ? Yeah . Do you feel like you 're in physical danger ? Yeah . How many times has this happened to you ? - Every single day . - Every time you go downstairs ? Yeah . There 's this root of , like ... Evil . I 'm not sure where they come from . I don 't know if there 's a hell or anything like that , but what I do know is that they do exist , and they 're very nasty . Jeffrey moved here only three years ago , and he rented the building without checking into its history ... So I need to find out if anything went wrong in that place , before he opened the restaurant . It takes me about 15 minutes to find out what happened . Jeffrey is gonna wish he 'd spent 15 minutes doing a little more research before he opened his restaurant . There was a murder that took place in this location , a brutal murder about 14 years ago . I 'm still gonna need to speak to the people that know the most about the case . I got some information about this homicide that happened in ' 97 . Uh , that was in an antique shop , uh , but being a former Detective myself , I knew the best thing to do was go to the detectives that , uh , worked the case . So if either one of yous could just , start out and just tell me , you know , when you got there , what you observed and what you saw . We responded about 6 pm in the evening on ... Uh , April 29th , which was a Tuesday . And , uh , there was a body in the basement of the building on Cookman Avenue . Ray Johnson was 72 years old . He was the owner and operator of ... " When I was a child " collectibles , which was the scene of the crime . Uh , it was a pretty gruesome scene at the time . Vile . Yeah . Something happened here . Something with my ... the right side of my face ... On my jaw . Anything you can remember specifically about the body or , uh , the scene itself , when you guys actually got into the scene ? We were informed by the Forensics team that the body was in the basement on the floor . There 's , like , an anger ... And a ... Despair . One is despair , and one is anger , and the anger is pounding on the despair . These are people . " Smack you . I 'll smack you " . Mr. Johnson 's head was bludgeoned with a hammer . Like , " I want to smash you down " . This is our perp ? That is . That 's , uh , Moses Farrow . Uh , he was ultimately arrested and charged with the homicide of Ray . Uh , what can you tell me about Moses , as far as , uh , his background ? I , uh ... Moses was 20 years old at the time . Uh , he was homeless . He was working for , uh , our victim ? He worked for Ray for about three or four days prior , uh , to the homicide . In his statement to us . He talks about Ray coming up behind him and grabbing his buttocks . And he turns around and hits Ray once with the hammer . Uh , Ray according to him , does not go down . He 's staggering but not down . He hits him a second time , and Ray goes down to the ground . And then he stands over him and hits him more in the head , while he 's down on the ground . I just see , like , his energy is here . It 's very , very ... Solid energy , but ... It 's not like I 'm talking to ... Him . He 's not here . The way that I encountered this male was as a residual energy . At some point , something very violent happened here . And a part of his personality still remains . He was here once , and then he left , but he left this ... Stuff here . It 's just what remains of him . His energy is here , but do you know if he is dead himself ? I don 't think so . He had a girlfriend that lived in Ocean Grove , which is the next town over from Asbury Park . Uh , we spoke with her . She ... she grabbed us and said , " he told me , he did it " . Ultimately he gets convicted , is that correct ? That 's correct . He 's doing 30 years currently at Trenton State Prison . The detectives were able to tell me what he did . Now I gotta find somebody that was close to Moses to find out why he did it . I spoke with the two detectives that , uh , locked up Moses , and they gave me your name . So at the time Moses was your boyfriend . And he lived with you on and off , and they actually apprehended him in your apartment ? - Yes . - What I need for you to ... If you can , is tell me what you can remember from that time . He showed up . I was on the phone with my girlfriend , and I was washing dishes or something , and he said , " I killed my boss " . I really just didn 't believe it was true . I thought he was just being crazy , because , you know , who kills somebody and then just goes and tells somebody that you killed somebody ? - So you weren 't scared ? - I was not scared of him . I knew he wasn 't gonna do anything to me . I was never afraid of him . I do believe that there are events that can happen in life that can ... Destroy someone 's psyche , to a point where they don 't think rationally . His thought processes are very ... Distorted and disturbed . He doesn 't perceive reality . And he ... You know , he feels ... I don 't like him . I do not like this person at all . I do not like this person at all . Mnh-mnh . He was in jail . There was time done there . For what ? Robbery , burglary . Where was he in prison ? Um ... not far . Not far . I take a 30-minute ride to visit Moses at Trenton State Prison . I 've gotten about as much background information as I can about the case . Now it 's time to talk to the killer . I 've interviewed a lot of people , detectives , people you may know , so why don 't you just bring me to what brought you to that point on Cookman Avenue ? I was working there . One day I was in the basement pulling nails out of wood . While I bent over to pull a nail out of the wood with the hammer , and Raymond Johnson walked past me and grabbed my ass . So I just hit him upside the head with the hammer . Was that the first time that had happened , that he touched you ? Yeah . You didn 't hit him upside the head just once , and you know , and I know that . Yeah . When it happened , I just turned around and hit him . Did you want to kill him , or did you just ... Want to make a point by hitting him upside the head with a hammer ? Just make a point . Don 't touch me . You made your point nine or ten times , you know that , right ? The demon gets angry . Very , very angry . I think it influences ... It wreaks havoc . How does it wreak havoc ? Oh . When you look at your record , this came out of nowhere , this ... this murder . It just ... it ... it ... that ... it 's a little odd . It wasn 't planned . Did you have thoughts of doing that to anybody , or even him prior to that happening ? No . You 'd never done anything violent in the past before this incident with Raymond ? Mnh-mnh . I don 't know what brought me to that point . When Amy sees an identifiable figure . She often brings in a sketch artist to put her findings down on paper . So the lips are fuller on the bottom , thinner on the top . I just saw him pissed off . Yeah . Yeah . Angry . Yeah . Mm . His nose is , like ... Flat , kinda like a boxer 's nose , like a punch smooshed it . Okay . How about his , uh , his eyes ? His eyes are , like , so dark brown , almost black . Like , I 'm feeling the anger now from him . Yeah , this is weird . Okay . I thought it would just be a normal thing . I should 've protected myself . I didn 't ... I had no idea . He 's right there . He 's wearing a yellow shirt now with , like , some stuff on it . And he 's yelling at me to shut the ( Bleep ) Up , ( Bleep ) . I kinda want to leave . Um , I 'm just really nervous . I don 't like him . - Okay . - You all right ? Jeff 's the reason we 're here . He , uh , he owns the restaurant . Uh , he 's having some unexplained events happen ... - To him . Your staff ... - Yes . Um , and it 's causing some disruption for work . Me and Amy haven 't talked since we started the investigation . Amy came in , and she did a walk-through , and if it 's okay with you , I 'd like to hear from her , tell us both what she saw that night . - Sure . That would be great . Thank you . - Okay ? So when I came in and did the walk . When I got to the back of the restaurant ... I encountered a male energy . And this male is very aggressive , um , very angry . Wow . I just felt , like ... A lot of anger . There 's a lot of anger going on here . We 're talking about excessive amounts of rage and anger and hatred and just ... A very bad , person that dwells ... - Right . - In this . And he was , like , stocky build . He also had , with his nose , um , which was probably the most distinct , um , feature ... Uh , it looked like he had been in a lot of fights . Um , because it was , um , the bridge was basically smooshed in . I got that he was in prison . Um , there 's robbery , burglary , and weapons there . He ... Has done a lot of very bad things in his life . Um , the other thing is , I think that this individual is still alive . His energy is here . He 's not here . Do you know if he is dead himself ? I don 't think so . So let me get this right . You 're getting energy from somebody that 's still alive ? Potentially , yes . - Potentially still alive . - Yes . It 's amazing to me , uh , your description of him , because during my research ... Uh , and investigation of the building itself and its background . Um , about 14 years ago there was a male fitting that description . That did work in this building . Okay , so I 'm gonna show you a photo of who I think it may be . You take a look at it . Go ahead . And , Amy , what are you feeling when you see this photo ? I 'm sick to my stomach . It 's making me uncomfortable . Okay . Now , uh , we brought in a sketch artist for Amy to sit with . And she was able to describe who she saw the night you did the walk-through . I have that with me . I haven 't seen it yet ... - Okay . - And we 'll ... Maybe we 'll compare and see what we got . - Wow . - All right . It 's ... it 's ... Uncanny how close it is . Now , Amy , this picture here ... When you look at his face , does that bring you back to the night you did the walk ? This guy scares me . I don 't like him . That 's , like ... - Okay . - That 's ... Really frightening . This is why I had that shocked look on my face when I pulled this out , because I couldn 't ... I can 't equate how she has ... A vision of somebody that 's alive , that I just spoke to . Oh , it 's ... it 's ... frightening . It 's him . The look in his eyes , which I really tried hard to capture with the sketch ... That ... that 's the thing that 's really bothering me . - Yeah , I don 't like this person at all . - You 're making me ... - You 're making me very nervous . - I 'm sorry . It 's all right . So who 's this ? Well , let me just give you a little bit further of what I found out about ... - The history of the building . - Okay . About 14 years ago this was an antique shop . Uh , it was owned by a man named Raymond Johnson . Okay . He was about a 72 year old man . He was viciously murdered in the basement of this building . I have a photo of Raymond . He was prominent in the gay community . He was nice enough to bring this individual , Moses Farrow ... - Who was homeless . - Mm . He brought him in , fed him , put him to work . According to Moses , Raymond did a sexual advance towards him . And he turned around with the hammer that he had in his hand . And he just beat him in the head . I mean , he beat him between 9 and 12 times with the hammer . Oh , my God . Wow . That 's , like , making some sense to me . In the basement ... I did feel there was two , uh , emotions that I encountered . There was anger and despair . Anger is pounding on the despair , and ... And I also had an extreme amount of pain . Um , specifically the right jaw . And then it ... it went to the whole , um , right side of the head . The pain was just so intense . Something happened . Something with my ... the right side of my face ... On my jaw . And he was apprehended , did go to trial . And he is incarcerated currently in Trenton State Prison , maybe an hour from here . I did get that he was in a prison nearby . I 'm still trying to wrap around how you get visions of people that are actually still alive . Uh , it ... it 's mind-boggling to me . I guess for me , if I knew it was someone that wasn 't still alive ... That I 'd have an easier time dealing with it . But someone who 's still alive ... Makes me very uncomfortable . Even though he 's still alive ... Things can happen throughout our lives that are very traumatic . And sometimes when those incidents happen , they can disperse into the surroundings . And so if we have a very traumatic experience , or we are extremely angry like this person ... Right . Um , you can leave traces of that in the environment . Okay . - I did speak with Moses ' ex girlfriend . - Mm . She 's actually the one who helped the police track him down ... Really ? And she felt that , you know , uh , he was ready to snap , and this was it . I do believe that there are events that can happen in life that can ... Destroy someone 's psyche . She feels that it just came to a head down in the basement here ... - Right . - That makes sense . And that , when , uh , Mr. Johnson did the sexual advance ... That , well , he says that he did , that he just snapped ... Wow . But he snapped to the tune of 9 to 12 shots to the head with the hammer . That poses another question for me . If his footprint is left here , am I realizing some of his anger ? Honestly , his footprint ... Is not particularly capable of interacting with anyone . It 's just a footprint . Let me ask you a question . Everybody 's having , uh , a sensation of getting touched . And a heavy feeling in the basement . Mm-hmm . That makes sense . Well , that 's what I 'm trying to find out I 'm a little confused with having an energy up here , and in the basement , - is where they 're feeling everything . - The residual ... Energy that he left behind is upstairs . Right . What you have in the basement is something different . The residual energy that he left behind is upstairs . What you have in the basement is something different . I went back into the basement . And all of sudden there was kind of this void . I was stumped , because usually there 's some type of energy everywhere ... - Right . - And this was just kind of ... Nothing . It 's like a hole , and , um ... This nasty thing is there . Right in there . And I looked ... And I saw this little ... Dark mass . The ... Being approached me . And ... As it was approaching me , and then touching me . I understood that , in fact , this thing was very old . Um , was never human . And , um , is very , very negative . There 's something ... Touching my arm . I 'm not getting , like , a human , like , form with this thing . This thing is ... Evil . This thing has been here for hundreds of years . - It ... - How ... Can cause things to happen ... Bad luck , uh , emotional outbursts . In the Catholic religion ... These types of things would be referred to as a demon . They 're extremely rare . I 've only encountered them in a handful of situations , and I 've done hundreds of investigations . It 's capable of manipulating an individual 's thoughts and emotions . It can take on any form that would unnerve someone . Taking the opportunity to ... Latch on to a person who is ready to snap ... - Oh , my God . - And letting them go for it . Whoa . So whatever entity you 're talking about might have caused our ... Yes . Who was already an emotional wreck to begin with . Correct . Yes . Amy this has me really freaked out . It 's ... seems , uh , a lot worse than ... than I anticipated . I 've been hit pretty hard for the past five years . And , um , this is ... This is , like , freaking me out . Can this be affecting me inside these four walls ... And can it follow me outside these four walls ? Um , yes to both . I want to tell you that there are , um , things that we can do . You have options available . One is , yes , you could move . Um , the other one is that we could do something proactive to get rid of this thing . We are lucky enough that ... Out of the handful of beings that I 've met like this . This one is very young . I would equate it to a baby . Which means it 's very easy to get rid of . This thing right now is using negativity ... To feed and grow itself . You don 't have to give it that . You have the power now to get rid of it . So what do I do to try to ... I guess , annihilate this ? We will go through this together . I will show you what needs to be done . But you have to promise me that you will continue it here - and at your home and ... - No problem . For the benefit of yourself and your employees . No , I promise that I will do that , and , uh , I 'd like to get it started as soon as possible . Okay . We have a doorway here . So you 're gonna want to just , in a circle . Letting the smoke purify the area . All negativity must leave this place . No negativity may remain in this place . Only love , light , and peace may enter .
