 Subs created by : David Coleman . I 'm getting a really sharp pain here . And the guy came up and just went , bam bam bam ! I 'm driven insane by this . You saw an apparition of a woman here . Right here , yes . Stop it ! He died in a mental hospital . I heard this female voice . There was nobody there . He went insane . Oh , I think she got murdered . ( Amy ) We will hurt you . Don 't think that we won 't . My name is Amy Allan . There 's something down there . I see dead people . He doesn 't want me back there . I speak to dead people ... She 's pissed . And they speak to me . She doesn 't like the people who live here . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . Someone did hang themselves here . - Where ? - There . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Di Schiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . Did you want to kill him ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . She did die in this house . It 's my job to reveal them . Would you be surprised if there were bodies in the basement ? No . But Steve and I never speak ... We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end . Not good . Will we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay ... Will it get worse ? Or time to get out ? - Oh , yes . - Whew . ( Indistinct whispering ) Steve does the Detective work . He meets with the homeowners , interviews the witnesses . And finds the evidence . So we can later find out if there are any correlations . I 'm pulling into Great Falls , Montana . It 's a city that got its name from the five waterfalls that surround the area . I 'm going to investigate a house that 's about 120 years old . The home is occupied by a woman , Kelly , who lives there with her 6-year-old daughter . Kelly says she 's seen a female apparition . She thinks she 's going crazy , so I 'm gonna go meet with her now and find out what 's going on . ( Amy ) Matt comes in before me to make sure the location is clean . He takes down any information that might seem leading . And could possibly influence my findings . He basically cleans the slate before I come in and do my walk . ( Eerie music playing ) ( Door creaks ) ( Amy sighs ) So ... much ... Stress . Just feeling all these people , and they 're just so stressed out and ... ( Sighs ) Worried and unhappy and ... Stop it ! Oh ! I 'm driven insane by this . I don 't really like this place . ( Eerie music playing ) So , Kelly , now that I 'm here , uh , why don 't you explain what 's going on ? Well , I bought this house a couple years ago , and for some reason , I had to have it . I felt compelled to buy it . It was the , um , founder of Great Falls ' home , Paris Gibson . - Well , what do you know about him ? - Well , he had the house built in 1890 , and he is also the person that founded Great Falls . So why don 't you try to explain if you can what , kind of strange things are going on ? Well , when I bought the house and I started renovating it , I realized that we weren 't really the only ones here . ( Kelly ) There was a lot of remodel work that I had to do . I was standing here , looking at the floors , thinking about what to do with them , and then I saw the woman . You saw an apparition of a woman here in this room . - Right here , yes . - Okay , can you describe her for me ? She was very tall and slender , very well-dressed . Old clothes , like around the turn of the century . And I believe it 's Valeria Gibson . Who 's Valeria Gibson ? Valeria Gibson was Paris Gibson 's wife , and I think she still lives here with us . - Have you ever told anybody that ? - Very few people . - Do they think you 're crazy , or ... - Pretty much . And then all of a sudden , after I saw her ... She just tells me things . They sort of just come to me , like , in my dreams . ( Steve ) Kelly 's right ... She may actually be crazy . If I 'm getting this right , you 're telling me she 's putting thoughts into your head . - Yes . - Okay . She just sort of tells me what to do . I came here thinking she was seeing a ghost . Now she 's telling me that she has a ghost that 's actually controlling her dreams . ( Floorboards creaking ) Someone just walked from here ... Over to the stairs . I think they 're just spying on us . I think that maybe ... People can see them sometimes . When I communicate with the dead , they sometimes tell me about the encounters they 've already had with the living . Somebody 's definitely seen a dead person here , like an apparition . When I saw her apparition , it gave me the idea that I needed to tear this wall out . And when I tore the wall out , this is what I found . This is an old , old inkwell ... From , like , 1895 . And I believe it was Valeria 's . Now do you think she wanted you to find this ? Oh , I 'm sure of it , because I would never have taken this wall out . I had no reason to take the wall out . And I think there 's a diary that 's still in this house , but I can 't find it . Kelly 's story sounds insane , but it does make some sense . She dreamed she 'd find something hidden inside a wall , and she did . So I get that she would expect the same result , when she dreams about a hidden diary . ( Eerie music playing ) ( Heartbeat pounding ) ( Amy sighs ) Man , they do not want me to see this , do they ? See what ? I don 't know why there 's screaming and yelling going on . What are you looking for ? That 's so weird , I feel almost like ... There should be ... A room . Mm ... Somebody 's putting stuff in there and ... Who 's putting stuff in there ? A woman . ( Matt ) What kind of stuff are they putting in there ? Books . I feel like somebody 's in there , but ... Let 's pull it out . Where the [ Bleep ] did they go ? ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Eerie music playing ) I feel like it should go through somewhere . Well , why don 't we pull it all out ? ( Amy ) I can feel that this place was used for hiding very important things . But now there 's nothing left but insulation . ( Whispering ) Ow . ( Groans ) I 'm getting really sharp pain through my chest ... Really sharp pain here . I think this is the female . I 'm hearing a female say , yes , it 's me , I died here . Mm-hmm . How ? ( Footsteps ) I 'm seeing stairs . ( Steve ) This is new territory for me . I 'm standing here with a woman who 's convinced that a dead woman is implanting thoughts into her head . I can tell you what she told me what happened to her . She was up here writing , and , um , her son Theodore came up , and they got into a confrontation . And he pushed her down the stairs . ( Woman screaming ) And she broke her neck and died . - That 's what she 's relayed to you ? - Yeah . Yes . That came to me in a ... in a dream . ( Amy ) She 's , like , running up the stairs ... ( Heavy breathing ) And then I do see her ... she 's falling back down . Somebody did this to her ? Um ... She 's saying it was done to her . You know , there was a lot of things done to her . Her whole life was kind of ... Dictated . And ... How she died was ... Also dictated . ( Amy ) I 'm actually seeing a woman ... Who was murdered . ( Kelly ) Valeria Gibson told me that there 's underground tunnels underneath the house , too . And they took her corpse down to the basement . And through the tunnels to the Park Hotel . It says in the newspaper that , she jumped off the Park Hotel and committed suicide , but she didn 't do that . She didn 't commit suicide . And I think that 's what she wants people to know , and that 's why she 's telling me that . From what you 're saying , if she 's saying it , is that they made it look accidental . It was a cover-up . And Valeria 's telling me that ... The family got the tunnel system going . These tunnels are all associated with this house ? Yep . And you 've never seen this tunnel yourself . - No . - Okay . I had a dream , and I know where they are . But I haven 't opened the one up from underneath my house . - But I know where it is , yes . - You do ? I do . This is where I think the tunnels are . Okay , and you think that because Valeria ... - Told me . - Okay . This is where they took the corpse out down to the Park Hotel . Did you ever have blueprints for this house , by any chance ? - I never did . - Okay . When I bought the house , I checked out City Hall ... To see if I could get a set of blueprints , and they 're completely gone . There 's nothing showing any kind of a tunnel or anything . - That 's why ... - All the tunnels are unrecorded . Right . I 'm having a hard time believing everything I 'm hearing , but I 've heard stranger things that turned out to be true . And since I can 't disprove any of this , I 'm gonna continue the investigation and see if there 's anything I can validate . ( Eerie music playing ) Oh , man . I really ... I really don 't like it in here . ( Rubbing hands together ) ( Sighs ) ( Door creaking ) ( Scoffs ) What is that ? See , I 'm wondering if the floor could go down more . I see probably , like , a few people ... Um , down in the ground further . I feel like ... There 's like , more down ... Like a little cellar area . Or something like that . ( Steve ) After speaking with Kelly today , I 'm having a problem trying to prove any of this . Basically , it 's hearsay . I need to start with something concrete , so I 'm gonna go look into the tunnels . I called a guy named Brad . He 's gonna use some radar equipment to see if there 's any tunnels under the house . Basically , it sends a signal down , which then reflects off of things in the subsurface . If there 's a change in reflectivity , like from a void space , the signal comes back up very distinctly and records on the instrument . ( Eerie music playing ) ( Buttons beeping ) ( Device beeps ) ( Beeping increases ) Okay , so what 's the verdict ? There was some change in the fill material . So it 's possible there could have been a tunnel there that was then filled in later . Okay , Brad 's test found an area of the basement filled with different dirt from the rest of it , so maybe Kelly 's right . There could be a tunnel under there . ( Heartbeat pounding ) What is that ? Big man . Doesn 't want me back there . Does not want me back there . He 's like ... ( Voice echoing ) Get outta here . Shut up . ( Normal voice ) And he 's calling me some names like , you [ Bleep ] , blah blah blah . He 's telling me to go away . - Can you see him ? - Yeah , he 's a big guy . I don 't know how he fits in there , because he 's bigger than the door . He 's probably , like , 6-foot , and he 's , like , a real stocky guy . He 's very protective of this area . He 's yelling in my ear really ... Stop it . Mm . He 's like , uh , ( Clicks lips ) Stop it . ( Gasps ) ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Amy ) Walking through the basement of this house , there 's a large man who 's blocking the doorway and won 't stop yelling at me . I think he 's trying to stop me from seeing what 's in the back of that room . He 's , like , retreating , because I didn 't leave . And , um , he doesn 't really want to give me any more information . Um , and he 's just like , just don 't touch anything . Just don 't touch anything . ( Steve ) I still don 't know what to make of this woman Kelly . She lives in a house built by the founder of Great Falls , and she thinks his dead wife is planting thoughts into her head . I 'm gonna go talk to the guys who did remodeling in the house . I 'm gonna find out if their story jives with what Kelly is telling me . Kelly told me you guys did some work in there , and she said you had some strange things happen . Um , one time , when we were working on the trim work in the living room area , we heard this female voice coming from the kitchen area . And I said , well , great , Kelly 's here . So we walk out there and , there 's nobody there . All of a sudden , we hear these footsteps upstairs . So I said , well , she must be upstairs . And so Mark runs upstairs , and he came back and he goes , there 's nobody there . There 'd be times , uh , that he 'd be gone picking me up material , and , uh , I 'd hear somebody talking . You know , it 's full conversation , a woman 's voice . And I 'm thinking , oh , great , they 're back . I go out there to go see where he parked and grab my material , and they 're not even here . Nobody 's here , you know . It 's just me and the house . ( Steve ) Now you guys won 't go back in the house , right ? - No . - No . ( Eerie music playing ) ( Stairs creaking ) This woman 's saying , you know , I just don 't want any more of this going on . You know , I just want to sleep , and I just want to relax . - Who 's saying this ? - This lady . It 's the same lady as ... Downstairs ... But she 's kind of , like , walking away from me . She thinks , you know , that we 're evil . And , uh , that we shouldn 't be here . These children ... She 's trying to protect them . She can 't do the things that she wants to do . Um , because there 's all these different people that come . And different things happening , and they don 't make sense to her . And , uh , she 's gonna leave , because she thinks that we 're evil . ( Steve ) Since Kelly 's convinced she 's seeing the ghost of Valeria Gibson . I need to find out more about the Gibson family . Paris Gibson is legendary in Great Falls . He founded the city in 1883 . You can 't even spit in this town without hitting something with his name on it . What 's weird is , I can 't find much on Valeria . Not even solid evidence as to when or if she ever lived in that house . She did have two sons ... Theodore and Philip ... Who were both very involved in Paris ' business . And two other children that were born before them but died at a very young age . But I can 't find a single portrait or picture of Valeria around this town . And that 's a bit suspicious . ( Eerie music playing ) ( Footsteps echoing ) ( Amy ) I 'm hearing a guy yell at me that nobody wants me here . Okay , this is a very ... Quiet group . They don 't like outsiders . ( Men speaking indistinctly ) There are men . How are these men that are around her related ? I think they 're family . There 's something really ... Foul ... Foul ... And nasty . And ... I think someone who was a little ... Mentally unstable . ( Laughter ) They 're screaming . They 're screaming , we will hurt you . Don 't think that we won 't . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Eerie music playing ) How are these men that are around her related ? Um , I think ... They 're family . I think someone who was a little ... Mentally unstable . ( Laughter ) And it 's so weird . Yeah , it 's weird . They 're screaming . They 're screaming , we will hurt you . Don 't think that we won 't . ( Steve ) Continuing my research into the Gibson family , I read some disturbing things about Paris Gibson 's sons Theodore and Philip . Since Theodore also lived in Kelly 's house for quite a while , I 'm meeting with a town historian to get his thoughts on the two sons . Uh , do you know anything about the sons themselves ? In many ways , I think of the two sons as good cop / bad cop . Philip was a toughie . He was in fights . He was Paris Gibson 's enforcer . Uh , Theodore was the good cop , and it was almost like they were playing roles . ( Eerie music playing ) ( Amy ) Some guy was hitting the guy . Sometimes when I touch objects , my mind is flooded with the residual imprint that lives within them . It 's basically like opening up a window to another point in time . Somebody hit him on his hands . The guy came up and just went , bam bam bam ! And I think he broke some of his fingers . - The other guy was a nut job . - ( Matt ) Which one ? The one who 's hitting this other guy 's hands . The guy was , like , just in shock . ( Voice echoing ) What 's wrong with you ? What ... why are you doing that ? Philip , uh , was sent to Warm Springs , Montana . To the state mental hospital . The medical records say in his case it was exhaustion of paresis , and that is a mental disorder . And he died in the mental hospital . Ironically , later the other son , Theodore . Suffered some similar mental problems . And he was sent to Warm Springs , as well . So both of her sons died in the state mental hospital ? That 's correct . The other guy was just like ... ( Laughs crazily ) Like , he thought it was just funny . He was definitely unstable . ( Steve ) Now that I have some solid facts about the Paris Gibson family home . It 's time to find out more about the house after the family died off . Kelly 's neighbor Mark was born and raised in the house next door , and has lived there for over 40 years . Mark , as I was talking to Kelly about what 's going on at her house , she said that ... She thinks she 's living with the spirit of Valeria Gibson . What ... what do you think about that ? Um , yeah , actually , I think it 's ... it 's very possible . And the reason being is , uh , things I 've experienced over there myself . Now have you seen anything at her house ? I haven 't seen anything , but I 've felt things . Absolutely , I 've felt things . I have felt threatened ... Um , times where I would not go in that house . Well , that 's strange , because she has a totally different outlook about it . She doesn 't have any fear of it . It seemed that , um , whatever was going on over there , it was focused towards men . She had workers that would ... Have a lot of issues , hear a lot of things , and refuse to go in her home . What do you know about her house ? I 've been born and raised in this neighborhood , in this house , and I know quite a bit about it . A lot of these older homes were converted into apartments . Kelly 's home was , um , turned into a renter or boardinghouse . What kind of , uh , people were living here ? In the early years , when they first started , it was military personnel . In Kelly 's place , it was a little different . The people that were renting exclusively over at ... The Gibson home were ... Mentally challenged . People that were out of , um , an institution . - Really ? - Yes . The owner that I remember as growing up . He ... He went insane . But I do remember him being escorted out of his home . And I ... that 's what I remember , sitting on the front porch , watching him being taken out ... Literally in a white straitjacket . It was ... it was a big ordeal , and it was a spectacle . I mean , he was taken to Warm Springs after living in that home . ( Steve ) So let me get this straight ... This guy that used to own the Gibson house wound up in a mental hospital ? Paris Gibson 's kids , too ? If Kelly 's having a mental breakdown , she wouldn 't be the first one in this house . ( Eerie music playing ) Man , I am getting a lot of people . When I first walked into this house , the amount of activity I saw was pretty normal . But the longer I stay here , the more I feel consumed by the abnormal amount of the dead vying for my attention . There 's a lot of , uh , of people coming and going . I mean , there 's more than , uh , would be normal ... In the house . ( Sighs ) What is with these people ? It 's just weird . And there 's so much , uh ... Sadness , uh ... ( Groans ) And illness and , uh ... Yeah , lots of people , like , climbing in and out of the windows . And then people who don 't want to talk , who are taunting us . We have one who 's having psychological issues . And one who doesn 't like us , because we 're not from here . ( Amy ) Is this really happening , or am I crazy ? ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Eerie music playing ) Now that Amy and I have finished with our investigation , this is the first time we 'll be hearing each other 's findings . Kelly 's a little on edge about what we 're gonna reveal , so she asked her neighbor Mark to join her for some moral support . He reluctantly agreed . The reason we were called in is Kelly 's had some issues in the house . I 'd like Kelly to now tell you about her interactions . ( Kelly ) A year and a half ago , I bought this house . And Paris Gibson was the founder of Great Falls , and this was his house . And , um , he lived here with his wife Valeria . And I 've been communicating with a woman for the past year and a half . And I believe that it 's Valeria . I would like to know if I am totally crazy . Well , you 're not crazy . Um , I encountered a woman here . Wow . When I came in , she was the first person I connected with . And had two children that she was protecting with her . She thinks , you know , that we 're evil . And , uh , that we shouldn 't be here . These children ... She 's trying to protect them . During my background investigation , I found out that Valeria had four children . Two of them actually died at a very young age . One was 1 , and one was 2 . Um , well , I know she was protecting them . She wouldn 't let me interact with them at all . She wouldn 't let me see them , so that there would be no , interaction with the children . Because she wanted to protect them as much as possible . And ... She 's surrounded by a lot of men . And it was hard to communicate with her , because the men didn 't want her to talk to me . And they were kind of making her feel guilty . And she felt , um , that communicating with me might be evil . Kelly , tell her the story that you relayed to me about what you think might have went on here . Well , Valeria Gibson ... I feel , I guess , that she 's a very intelligent woman . And very outspoken , but she couldn 't speak . She was repressed . She was not allowed to ... To talk about anything . And she ... Has sort of communicated to me that a lot of bad things have happened in this house . And that those men were responsible for a lot of very bad things . Yes , I would agree with that 100 % . Um , in fact ... I did get her death . I did see her running and possibly falling down the stairs . ( Amy ) She 's , like , running up the stairs . She 's falling back down . Oh , I think she got murdered . I felt like her death was not natural . It ... it was a murder . I ... wow . Wow . Because that 's exactly what I said to Steve . What she 's communicated to me ... Wow , um ... Is that she was pushed down the third-floor staircase and broke her neck . - Wow . - Mm hmm . And the ... the newspapers had reported ... That she fell off the Park Hotel . But that was not what happened . She was murdered here . ( Steve ) The odd thing about it , there 's not much , I mean , there 's newspaper articles . There 's only two . One says she died accidentally from a fall . And the other one just says she died . They 're contradicting . Mm-hmm . To top it all off , the death certificate was signed off on , which I have . And it said that it was an accidental death . But ... That 's it ... just accidental . And it was actually signed off on by her brother-in-law , her sister 's husband . When you look at the facts surrounding Valeria 's death . A lot of fingers point towards the Gibson family . Kelly might be on to something , it 's very possible , this could have been some kind of a cover-up . She was transported through the underground tunnel from this house , to the Park Hotel . And she ... her body was dumped off . Wow . Okay . And that 's what I told Steve . Amy , I saw the look on your face when Kelly mentioned the underground tunnels . Um , what I can recall is that ... I was in the basement , and I wanted to go down further , which made no sense to me at the time . It was kind of a little frustrating . I feel like there 's , like .. More down . Like a little cellar area . When Kelly mentioned about the tunnels , I called in a guy , Brad , and he used a system called ground-penetrating radar . They do a lot of this testing around here for - old mine shafts and stuff like that . - Oh . So I had him do a test here . Um , he didn 't find any tunnels , but what he did find was , uh ... Areas where it looked like there may have been tunnels that were filled in . - They 've been filled in . - How do you know that ? I don 't know . I can 't tell you that . I just know it . Because you can 't tell when you go down there that there 's anything at all . Right , I know . - Mark and I have talked about this ... - Yeah . And I 'm like , I have to get in this tunnel . I have to get in this tunnel . Right . I understand that feeling totally . ( Indistinct whispering ) One of the things that uh , I did get as well , was ... Something about , uh , five men . And two of the men were ... Were unstable mentally . ( Amy ) Some guy was hitting the guy . The guy came up and just went , bam bam bam ! And I think he broke some of his fingers . Guy was a nut job . Well , when I was speaking with Ken , the historian in town . He mentioned that the son Philip was the muscle for the father , so ... Is he still here ? Yes . ( Indistinct whispering ) Is he still here ? Yes . But he came in from outside , and so he 's not in the house . He 's outside of the house . Well , it turns out that both the sons , Theodore and Philip , went insane . ( Gasps ) Oh , my . And I got Theodore 's death certificate here , and it says exhaustion of general paralysis of the insane . Philip went insane , also , according to the documentation on his death certificate . Exhaustion of para ... same thing ... insane . Wow . The most frustrating thing about this case for me ... There 's nothing about Valeria anywhere . There 's no portraits . There 's no pictures . Apparently somebody wanted her to be anonymous . Why is there no documentation on her ? - Right . - Why are there no photos of her ? I don 't get that . An influential man like that ... You would think the woman he 's married to , there would be something about her . - Yeah . - I think she 'd become a problem . Because of their stature in this town . Her murder needed to be just wiped off the face of history , really . - Excuses . - Well , that 's the whole ... The suppression and how she was treated , which is horribly , so ... Do you think the woman you saw is the same woman she saw ? I don 't know . She didn 't tell me who she was . There was no opportunity , really , um , just because of the men coming in . - She 's in the house . - She 's guarding this house . - Yeah . - This was her house . The woman in this house stayed behind for a very specific reason . To guard the spirits of these two young children , from all of the insanity around them . Kelly , explain to her what you were talking with me about , the ink bottle you found here . And you said something about a diary . There 's a diary . There 's some documentation that 's written down ... Somewhere in this house of what happened to Valeria . But I cannot find it . This just tortures me . Somebody 's putting stuff in there . ( Matt ) What kind of stuff are they putting in there ? Books . I kind of saw like , her putting a little box in there or books in there . She told me I needed to tear the wall out to find the inkwell . I mean , I didn 't even know it was there . Kelly , you just wake up sometimes and you know things . Is that right ? That 's how she talks to me . - It 's at night in my dreams . - Right . I just know these things , and I 'm like , this is crazy . Um , you know , when you 're asleep is the easiest time for them to communicate with you . Because the brain is actually the most active when we 're asleep . Which may mean that it 's so active , that it 's actually open to receiving the information from the dead . The other thing about the houses here ... Uh , they made ' em into boardinghouses . So you had a lot of transient occupants coming in and out of here . Mm-hmm . I got a lot of different stories . Why is there such a heavy feeling or dark feeling still there ? Sometimes a location will hold on to ... Very traumatic , major events that have occurred . That leave an imprint on the location . Is there anything that would help ... Prove what we 're talking about . Valeria 's death ... I mean , is there anything ? I really wish I could find more evidence to support these theories . It seems very possible . The answers we 're looking for could be somewhere in this house . The main thing that the dead typically want us to do is to tell their stories . I 've been in positions where I 've had to tell the dead 's story , and some people didn 't react very well to it . Um , so you do have to be careful about how you go about it in some situations . ( Amy ) Kelly is communicating with a female apparition on a very primitive level . With time , she can learn how to hone her abilities ... And establish a direct line of communication with the spirit . If you want to , um , hear them out . Before you go to sleep you could say , you know , it 's okay to come and talk to me . Not through me . And show ... you know , through my dreams you can tell me your story . - It 'll help them . - That 's amazing . I mean , it 's just amazing , because it 's not something that I can really tell very many people . - I mean , Mark knows . - Right . But that 's not something you can actually , like , have a complete conversation with , because they think you 're a raging lunatic . Right . Thank you .
