 Subs created by : David Coleman . These people were dying . The house has a personality of its own . She did some bad things . There was a being in my bed with me . She 's pissed . They had a funeral for her in that front parlor . Why 'd they have to go and ruin everything ? 1898 we think is when she ... She went insane . She 's a sociopath , period . My name is Amy Allan . There 's something down there . I see dead people . He doesn 't want me back there . I speak to dead people . She 's pissed . And they speak to me . She doesn 't like the people who live here . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . Someone did hang themselves here . - Where ? - There . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi . I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . Did you want to kill him ? And I know every person , every house ... has secrets . She did die in this house . ( Cries ) It 's my job to reveal them . Would you be surprised if there were bodies in his basement ? No . But Steve and I never speak ... We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end ... not good . When we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay ... Will it get worse ? Or time to get out ? - Oh , yes . - Whew . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Amy ) Steve will do all of the research . He 'll look into the history . He 'll interview witnesses . He 'll find out all the facts that he can . Then later , we come together to compare our findings to see if there 's any significant results . ( Steve ) I 'm about an hour out of Syracuse , heading to a small farming town in upstate New York called Erieville . Of all places . And I 'm meeting with a man named Elvis Restaino . Now Elvis wound up buying an old barn and farmhouse . He 's trying to maybe turn it into a bed and breakfast . The problem is , he 's having some strange and unexplained things going on . He had an apparition meet him middle of the night in his home . So he 's having issues and he 's wor ... concerned about if he should spend the money or the time to renovate this place if he 's gonna have a problem with it . So I 'm going to meet with him now . Once I get the details from him , I can do some research and find out what 's going on . ( Amy ) Matt will go in before me , and he 'll remove any information that may distract me from communicating with the dead . So he cleans the slate . ( Stairs creak ) And then I come in not knowing anything and do my walk through the location . ( Amy ) She would hurt her children . ( Car door closes ) ( Amy ) All right . ( Door closes ) Okay . This woman ... She 's pissed . ( Creaking ) She hates me ... with a passion . She 's right there . ( Grunts ) - Elvis . - Hey , Steve . How are you ? - How are you ? - Come on in . Thank you , uh , for coming . Man , you are in the middle of nowhere . Elvis is a designer based out of the West Coast . He wanted to renovate a farmhouse , so he bought this one sight unseen on the Internet . ( Grunts ) Okay . So why don 't you tell me what 's going on ? I bought this house , 3,000 miles away from where I live . Now I 'm a bit concerned . The house has a , uh ... A personality of its own . Okay . It 's a bit of a concern for me . Because who 's gonna want to come to a bed and breakfast that has this negative energy to it ? So has anything specifically happened to you in the house in any part of the house ? - Yes . - Okay . The back room , which is the oldest part of the house , and then my bedroom . - You want to show me one of those spots ? - Yeah . Let 's go right up the stairs . There 's , like , this dominating woman who knows how to manipulate how she is perceived . That 's how she gets her messages across . Entities can control how you perceive them , so they can present themselves in any way , shape , or form . She always wanted , like , red hair , so she , like , shows herself with red hair , but really , it 's like a dark , mucky brown . She 's young and she ... She 's in her nightdress , so she did die in her nightdress . ( Wind whistling ) Here we go . Wow . This is beautiful . Okay . - This is your bedroom ? - This is where I sleep . Elvis , why don 't you describe to me what you felt or what you saw here in the bedroom ? I was coming in from night , had some wine . I was a bit foggy . I was tired . I was kind of drifting in and out of sleep . I woke up , and there was this , uh ... Young woman , really heavy hair ... like , I felt the weight of her hair kind of draped over my chest ... Kind of looming ... over me . Okay . I 'm gonna ask the obvious questions . Did you drink enough that you think you wouldn 't recall it . - Or was it dreaming ? - No , no . Not at all . Now I see you got lights on the headboard here . Were the lights on so you could see clearly , or was it pretty dark in here ? No , this was pitch-black in here . There was , you know , there 's a nice kind of , uh , country glow from the stars and the moon here . Okay , so you had a little bit of light , a little natural light , but you didn 't have any artificial light on ? - No . - Now you 're positive this wasn 't some girl that may have came by that knows you and ... No . Not at all . Okay . So you thought about all this stuff ? There was a being in my bed with me . ( Indistinct voices ) This is the oldest section of the house , built in 1790 . I was renovating this room , this section of the house . Huge project . There was a loft up here . And there was wood spanning the distance of the loft ... Beautiful wood that this table was made from . This is the size that the planks were ? And you decided to make a table out of it . Yeah , 14 feet . I was obsessed ... To make a 14-foot dining room table . What ... I don 't need a 14-foot table . So as I 'm taking down the walls ... I find ... This picture . In the wall or on the wall ? In the wall . And this was between a wallpaper and the outer wall . I made this 14-foot table before I found this picture in the wall . It happens that everyone in this photograph could fit around this table . Well , there 's a lot of people in this photograph , that 's for sure . You 're right . This size table would fit them perfect . And they 're all dressed for Sunday dinner . Or Thanksgiving or something like that . So everything that 's happening to you is only in the older part or whatever 's attached to the older part of the house ? I could hear things ... - Okay . - Throughout the whole house . I could sense things throughout the whole house . But ... just something peripherally ... Moving or walking by me . So ... I 'm concerned . - Well ... - And that 's ... That 's why I have you here . It 's just , uh ... It 's ... it 's ... it 's odd , you know ? It 's really odd . Now did you hear about anybody dying here , getting killed here , committing suicide here , anything like that ? No . Okay , as far as , like , finding out the background , the facts ... If there was anything crime-wise or history-wise ... I 'm gonna look into all of that . You know I work with a partner . This is her ... end of it . - I don 't deal with any of this stuff . - Okay . Not that I don 't believe it or I disbelieve it , I just ... - That 's not my forte . - Okay . I 'm an investigator . It 's what I do . I don 't really know much about that . I only deal with the facts . Uh , what 's with the dandelion in the jar over there ? So I made these blocks and I put letters on them . And this was my interpretation of a ... A board to communicate with whoever wanted to communicate with me . You mean like a Ouija Board ? I don 't even want to say what it was like . I 'm just saying , this is an open line of communication . So I had these letters and numbers on these blocks ... And then I had this mason jar ... With ... A dandelion in it . And I said , if anyone was gonna communicate with me ... That the petals ... These dried petals of this dandelion ... Would blow off inside that jar . All right , so this was your attempt at trying to contact whatever 's here ? ( Exhales ) Yes , yes . I ... yes . It 's ... So do you have a background in this or was this something you just ... you ... you know , something you just did ? ( Stammers ) It ... it ... ( Sighs ) Something ... That I was compelled to do . Okay , but you haven 't done this before ? No . Well , let me ask you this question then ... was this , all this stuff before or after ... The incident in the bedroom ? Before . So it 's possible that whatever you did here might have brought this out ? Yes . ( Steve ) Man , it 's cold in here . ( Panting ) ( Voice shrieks ) She 's standing at the top of the stairs . And she 's very upset we 're intruding . She 's very vain . Very vain . And she doesn 't like this . ( Distorted sounds ) How dare you say that . She 's pissed . She 's ... mm . She 's a very dignified pissed off , though . I mean , I must say . As a physical medium , one of the things that I can do is allow the dead person to enter my body . In that way , they can speak through me . Oh , why 'd they have to go and ruin everything ? ( Matt ) Who ... who 's saying that ? I don 't want to talk to you . I don 't want to talk to you . Why are you ... Why are you making us do this ? I don 't want to talk to you . I 'm very unhappy . It 's just not even worth it . Wasn 't worth it then . It 's not worth it now . A lot of stomach issues . There was an illness , too . Every day ... every day , pain . It 's not even worth it . It 's not even worth it . All this . You struggle ... this , this , this ... And it 's not even worth it . ( Chuckles ) She hates it here . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Amy chuckles ) She hates it here . Keeps running away from me . - What time period do you get ? - Uh , I 'm getting early , early , early ... Whew . I 'd go back to , like , even maybe 1890 to 1910 . ( Creaking ) ( Footsteps sounding ) The lady is up there . What is she doing ? She 's just glaring at me . She hates me ... with a passion . - Where is she now ? - She is on the landing . At the top of the stairs , on the landing . She 's right there . ( Wind howling ) Clearly this Elvis is an unusual guy with an unusual story . So I 'm gonna meet with a neighbor or two to see if I could find out what they think of him . Lillian , thanks for sitting down and meeting with me . I appreciate it . I told you , I met with Elvis , your neighbor across the street . Yes . Now what do you think of Elvis ? Do you think that he 's of sound mind and everything ? - Do you think ... - Oh , yes . Absolutely . I have no question in my mind . If he says something 's going on , you would believe him ? Yeah . Some people can be more attuned to something like this than other people . Now Elvis suggested I come over and maybe speak with you , and , uh , I 'll tell you why . He 's having some ... unexplained things happen in his house . Uh , he thought maybe you might have some idea of maybe who lived there or some history about the house . Well , I can 't very well go back much before 1934-35 , something like that . The first people I can remember living in that house ... Was Ernest and Maude Brown . I can vaguely remember them . I can remember when Maude died . And they had a funeral for her in that front parlor down there . Did Maude die in the house ? Maude did , yes . She 's right there , and the kids are right on the banisters , to the left of her and hanging on the banisters . ( Indistinct sounds ) Smaller ... Children . I 'm getting two children . And they showed me that there were graves . They 're in a circle , which , for me , for some reason , I 'm thinking relationship here . That maybe they 're brothers and sister ? Because there 's , like , a really tight bond like that ... Like family , like tight . The kids were trying to tell me something . They wanted me to bear witness to some unspeakable horrors that were inflicted upon them . The woman who 's here , she 's so ... On top of them all the time ... Like they 're still under her thumb . They 're just still under her thumb . And ... That 's how it should be . These young children , they actually were trying to protect me from her . And , like , giving me advice , like , " you better be careful about her " . We don 't like her " . And I feel like this is actually their mother . She did not want ... A family and is very sick mentally ... Very mentally ill . ( Exhales ) Like , she doesn 't have emotions really . There 's no empathy there . There 's no love . There 's no ... there 's nothing . Sometimes entities have remorse for the things that they 've done . But not this lady . She did some really nasty things to them , very nasty things . What happened to them ? What happened to them ? Oh , that 's ... Kind of a touchy subject . She 's pure evil . She 's a sociopath , period . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Amy ) She 's a sociopath , period . There 's no empathy there . There 's no love . There 's no ... there 's nothing . She is completely insane . And she loves ... She loves her ... Mm . I think that this lady ... Might have killed someone , like her ... ( Creaking ) I think that she ... Did some bad things to her kids . Since Amy and I don 't speak during the course of an investigation , I have no idea what she may have found out . So I 'm gonna head over to the office of County records and see what I can find . I need to find out if anybody else died in Elvis ' home . And whether or not there was ever a murder or other violent crime there . As it turns out , it 's a pretty quiet old farm town . Matter of fact , all the previous homeowners died of natural causes . But the problem is , the records only go back a hundred years . So I 'm gonna find somebody at the County clerk 's office that could help me look a little bit deeper . I 'm doing research on a location in Erieville . It 's an old farmhouse , and I 'm trying to get as much background information on it as I can . Now I have an address and I have names of people that ... I think may have resided in the location . I need any kind of unusual , uh , occurrence there ... deaths ... I don 't know , newspaper articles , anything that could come up to that address . Okay . If you could help me out , I appreciate it . - Okay . - Thanks . Can you describe the ... the relationship , with this family and this woman abusing the kids ? She kept it mostly focused on her immediate people around her , doing little horrid things to them . ( Child cries ) How can you say I don 't care about my children ? How ... how dare you . How dare you say that . ( Distorted voices ) I think she would 've been , like , some kind of poisoning serial killer . Like those women who , like , poison everyone and kill them . Prior to 1900 ... Around the turn of the century , there was a wife who poisoned her whole family in that household . And they were the Purdys . And how far back 's that go ? This is about 1898 . Okay . Now this is a newspaper article on the poisoning ? " Forced Paris Green " ... " Down her babies ' throats " . " She acted queerly . A sorrowful home " . What 's Paris Green ? You know what that is ? It 's a poison . - And how far back 's this go ? To ... - This is 1875 . All right , so we know that at least the Purdys lived there from 1875 on . Correct . And 1898 , we think , is when she decided she was gonna kill the whole family . - She went insane , yep . - Okay . Well , this is a home run . At least I got something . - Can I keep these copies ? - Not a problem . Excellent . I appreciate that . Thank you . ( Wind whistling ) This woman ... Did something bad to her kid . ( Amy ) Sometimes I 'll take on the symptoms , of whatever physical violence , the spirit fell victim to . Lower head pain . Upper neck pain . Right here . Very , very , very intense . Very , very , very bad . I can literally feel their pain . ( Inhales sharply ) I 'm having , like , the neck thing , but at the same time , it does feel like my head is exploding . It 's weird , because I 'm getting ill ... like , double illnesses . ( Sighs ) ( Chokes ) And then something with the chin down to the chest . Something with the throat . Always , always , always , sick . Sick , sick , sick . Nobody 's happy about this . They were dying . Like , these people were dying . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Amy ) They were dying . These people were dying . And this , like , intense head-neck pain ... It 's , like , oh , my God . It 's like , I just want to get out . It 's like , it hurts really , really , really bad . I don 't know much about poisonings . So I reach out to an expert that can help me understand how this lady tried to kill her entire family ... Using a poison called Paris Green . Dr. Sawyer , thanks for meeting me . I 'm in the middle of doing a background investigation on a case where a woman poisoned her three children and her husband . Using something called Paris Green . Paris Green historically was used as an arsenical pesticide . That is an arsenic-containing pesticide of high potency . Very dangerous compound , it 's been removed from the market for decades now . Now the kids , according to the article , she looks like she force-ingested them . So I guess , maybe in her state of mind , she didn 't get as much in the children as she possibly wanted to . But what would be the long-term effects on these kids from being exposed to this stuff ? Multiple . ( Bell tolls ) ( Amy ) Sometimes spirits won 't talk to me because they feel threatened , but not this little boy . He 's just shy . It 's like he 's embarrassed about what happened to him . The boy 's not really talking that much because there 's something with him with , like , how he ... Like a speech impediment . I don 't know if he can really communicate very well , this guy , if that 's why he 's holding back . He 's so quiet . He 's a very , very quiet , very , very quiet guy . Shh . ( Exhales sharply ) From here , what direction do you get pulled ? By the trees . Because it 's peaceful there . Will they talk to you ? Yep . How much they freaking hate this house . It makes me s ... like , ugh . Well , you gotta figure , this lady 's murder plot was totally premeditated . I mean , you don 't go out and try to poison your whole family on a whim . So , doctor , can you explain to me the effects of arsenic on the body ? It causes , initially , four primary G.I. effects ... Vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal cramps , nausea . At the same time , it causes pooling of fluids , causing swelling in the neck , cerebral swelling . We call that cerebral edema . That triggers behavioral changes and dementia . Certainly , uh , speech or other motor functions , uh ... Certainly have the potential of being impaired . There 's something with him , with , like , how he s ... Like a speech impediment . The article 's mentioning that she had a personality change . Would that be a symptom , like , uh , her being delusional ? Yes . A person , about seven or ten days into arsenic poisoning , can explode into a very deep , severe level of pain . And if you combine that with personality change , dementia , and even hallucinations . Certainly a person could appear at that point to , uh , be insane . ( Amy ) Her children are still scared of her . Their particular hell is that their mother still has them under her thumb . ( Snow crunching ) I feel like more over to the right . So it 's more , like , in this area . They love to just lean up against the trees and just sit there . And that 's where they 're happiest is out of the house . These kids , they hate the house , because the house has ... the witch . ( Camera shutter clicks ) The girl and the boy showed me a portal . It 's basically a doorway for the dead . And this is where I saw the graves all in a circle . And that 's where the passageway is ? This is the graves and this is the passageway . Passageways ... Are basically doorways to and from other doorways . The dead can come and go freely through them . Someone opened that passageway . Did they do that , like , while in the house , or did they go to this location ? I don 't know . I know somebody who lived in that house ... Recently has abilities . Someone opened that passageway , which is ... Gonna make things a whole lot worse . ( Indistinct whispering ) ( Amy ) All I know is what I experienced in this house . Now I get to find out the facts . This will be the first time I hear Steve 's findings since we started this case . - Elvis , it 's good to see you again . - Nice seeing you , too . I wanted to introduce you to Amy , my partner , Amy , this is Elvis . - Pleased to meet you . - Nice to meet you . He had an experience upstairs in your bedroom , and I want you to explain that to Amy . So that she can maybe better understand what 's going on here . And then I 'll explain later other things that I found out . - Yeah . - Okay , so ... I came home . I was out , just eating , drinking . Mm-hmm . I went to sleep , and this , um ... Person ... A young woman ... Mm-hmm . Appeared . She 's young . You know , maybe in her mid 20s , mid to late 20s . Her hair kind of ... draped over my body . Mm-hmm . And her hair was extremely heavy . Like , it wasn 't ... - Blonde . - Mm-hmm . It wasn 't black . It was this , you know , kind of ... A neutral , almost like watching a black-and-white movie . ( Amy ) She always wanted , like , red hair . So she , like , shows herself with red hair , but really , it 's like a dark , mucky brown . Well , uh , I have to say that I did encounter a woman . If I had to classify her , I would classify her as a sociopath . There 's no empathy there . There 's no love . There 's no ... there 's nothing . Oh , why 'd they have to go and ruin everything ? She may have poisoned her husband or her children . What Amy just said gave me chills . I don 't really get frazzled too often , and this , this frazzled me a lot . Because you hit the nail on the head so much with this one . There was a woman that lived here with her husband and 3 children back in 1898 . - ( Matt ) What time period do you get ? - Uh , I 'm getting early , early , early ... Whew . I 'd go back to , like , even maybe 1890 to 1910 . I did some of the records . The name of the family was Purdy . And what happened was , a woman ... An insane mother ... Poisoned her husband ... - Oh , my . - Her three children ... And poisoned herself . And I feel like this is actually their mother . I think she would 've been , like , some kind of poisoning serial killer . Like those women who , like , poison everyone and kill them . She is very sick mentally , very mentally ill . She acted like she was insane ... Prior to her attempting to kill the kids . There was an arsenic poison that they used called Paris Green . I didn 't know anything about this Paris Green , so I talk ... Spoke with a toxicologist ... a Dr. Sawyer . Apparently she must have been ingesting some of this , a couple of weeks prior to doing this to her entire family . Because some of the symptoms from doing this is , they get a little mental . Exactly what it says right here . " Insane mother " . She acted insane . And that 's a side effect of this arsenic ... Well , and she was mentally ill before she started ingesting the poison . I think that she was probably , taking it to build up to what she was going to do . It was probably a premeditated event . Including her taking it before the big day , so to speak . Nobody 's gonna know exactly what , 100 % , happened . - Right . - Uh , but we do know that ... The way the doctor described what happens to people that are ingesting this over time . Within a couple of weeks , people perceive them as being crazy . They hallucinate , all kinds of ... Your head swelling , the brain swelling , you know . Their head swells ? I do get a lot of lower head pain ... Upper neck pain . Right here . Very , very , very intense . Very , very , very bad . And this , like , intense head-neck pain ... It 's like , oh , my God . I 'm having , like , the neck thing , but at the same time , it does feel like my head is exploding . What might have started out as her trying to kill herself ... Eventually turned into a homicide-suicide attempt . She wound up dying in this house . She didn 't measure out ... the way the doctor explained it to me ... Nobody could measure out how much is gonna be lethal . And how much won 't be lethal . She put this arsenic in the husband 's coffee . She forcibly fed it to a 4 year old , a 2 year old , and she had a 4 month old . I think she did some bad things to her kids . 3 , 4 , 5 ... about that age . There 's also something with , like , smaller ... children . The 4 month old eventually died nine months after . It was ironic what happened she tried to kill her whole family and then winded up being the only one that died well ... The younger child died later on . But what she tried to do didn 't succeed . She wound up killing herself . I think that this lady ... Killed someone . ( Exhales ) It makes me s ... like , ugh . It 's almost like a food poisoning would be , the symptoms , the way the doctor described it to me , the vomiting , the throwing up , the bloody diarrhea . Very , very painful death . The kids suffered for years , apparently from , effects of all this arsenic being in their system . Always , always , always sick . Sick , sick , sick . It 's weird , because I 'm getting double illnesses . ( Sighs ) ( Chokes ) And then something with the chin down to the chest . Something with the throat . ( Steve ) She hit it verbatim as far as what actually happened . Do you think the person that may have visited him is this woman ? I think it 's a possibility because she does have long dark thick hair . I feel that she has been here for a long time . Um , but there is a location that was ... Inadvertently opened , and what I call them is a passageway , or a doorway , or a vortex . And it seems to have come about because someone maybe was doing , you know , a little bit of , uh , ghost hunting , or ... Seance , or something of that nature . That kind of opened it . ( Groans ) It 's okay . ( Inhales deeply ) Uh ... whew . ( Indistinct whispering ) There is a location that was ... Inadvertently opened , and what I call them is a passageway , or a doorway , or a vortex . What could have caused that to happen ? Typically , when something like that takes place . Um , someone like a ghost hunter or ... Someone who was playing around with ouijas , or tarots ... - Or seances ... - Like out there ? And this is where I saw the graves all in a circle . And that 's where the passageway is ? This is the graves and this is the passageway . Now I 'm just gonna put it on the table . He explained to me during , my interview with him that he was in this very room at this very table with a couple of friends of his and he performed , what , we 'll just say a ritual ... - Oh . - To try to contact whoever might be here . - Oh . - I mean , this dandelion thing ... That was a way that he was gonna use ... To find out if somebody was here . Plus , some of the blocks in this box here . Oh . Okay . Oh . Now the other thing he did tell me , was that none of this stuff really happened till you did this ceremony . So I just want to find out if that 's what you think might have opened this portal . Right . Yeah . That 's exactly the type of thing that I 'm talking about . I know somebody who lived in that house ... Recently has abilities . Someone opened that passageway , which is ... Gonna make things a whole lot worse . It 's really best not to create these types of things . What can happen is that the dead ... Or beings can pass in and out of it . Um , it 's a doorway . For things that we don 't necessarily comprehend . So I do want you to understand what you may have gotten yourself into . I wanted to ... Make it clear that this energy in the house , I was available for them . Well , when you did that , you opened up a passageway , or a doorway . Which will bring , potentially , other ... Entities and things to deal with . And I did want to talk about the woman . I don 't know if she came through the passageway or ... or what , but I feel like she 's been here for a very long time . But having the passageway here now . Will make it so that she has more of an interaction . With you and , potentially , other people . And that 's why I 'm saying , you need to kind of get rid of it . I have to give that some thought . By keeping it open , things are gonna come through , and it may be people or entities that are not very pleasant . They know where you are . Anything and everything knows where you are . You 're kind of like a beacon now . So when you make yourself available to the dead , there is a responsibility to yourself and to them . And there are boundaries to be set . Well , I ... I ... I 've taken responsibility for this . Right , yes . And I 'm just aware of , um ... Things will definitely get worse , though . - I mean , you know that . - Right . No . Okay . I ... I realize that . I just ... Right . I understand . ( Amy ) Elvis has no idea what he 's gotten himself into . He thinks he can handle it . And there 's nothing I can do to help him , until something scares him so badly that he asks for my help . That 's when I 'll hear back from Elvis . That 's when I always hear back from people like Elvis .
