 Subs created by : David Coleman . Ybor City in the early 1900s was the Southern version of the Wild West . And it was violent . Immediately , like , I feel , like , a murder / suicide . You could see right through her . She had no color . It was a ghost . Some things are very difficult to accept and believe . There were different things done in different rooms . Would you be surprised if tomorrow you found out there were bodies in his basement ? No . A lot of dead people are here . My name is Amy Allan . There 's something down there . I see dead people ... He doesn 't want me back there . I speak to dead people ... She 's pissed . And they speak to me . She doesn 't like the people who live here . But there 's only one way to know if my findings are real . Someone did hang themselves here . - Where ? - There . I rely on my partner . I 'm Steve Dischiavi I 'm a retired New York City homicide Detective . Did you want to kill him ? And I know every person , every house has secrets . She did die in this house . It 's my job to reveal them . Would you be surprised if there were bodies in his basement ? No . But Steve and I never speak ... We never communicate during an investigation . Until the very end . Not good . Will we uncover if it 's safe for you to stay ... Will it get worse ? Or time to get out ? - Oh , yes . - Whew . Steve will conduct his investigation , without knowing anything that I 've encountered . He interviews the witnesses . He gathers the facts . He finds out the history . And at the end , we 'll come together to compare our findings . I 'm in Tampa , Florida , in the historic district of Ybor , City . Ybor City was the cigar capital of the world about 100 years ago . I 'm investigating a hotel called the Don Vicente Inn . The owner Tessa called me because she encountered , a female apparition in the basement of the inn . She didn 't really know what to make of it , until guests started reporting similar sightings all over the hotel . Now I 'm gonna go meet with her now and see if I can get to the bottom of it . Matt will go in before me . And he 'll remove any information , that may distract me from communicating with the dead . And then I come in not knowing anything and do my walk through the location . This is a dead guy here , and he 's a nasty , nasty guy . A lot of dead people are here . There 's a lot of people coming out of the walls . Tessa . - Steve , nice to meet you . - How are you ? Thank you for coming . Thanks for having me . This place is beautiful . Thank you . Now that I 'm here , we spoke on the phone about things going on here . Maybe you could explain a little bit about what 's happening and , uh , what you do here . My dad bought the building in 1998 . It was completely condemned . Um , it took us about two years to restore . We have now 16 guest rooms . We 've got 14 on the third floor , 2 on the main floor here . And we also have a basement downstairs . Now was this always a hotel ? It wasn 't always a hotel , actually . It was ... Vicente Ybor , who founded Ybor City , built it as a development corporation . And then it became a hospital for some time . Oh , so this was a hospital at one point . - Yep . - And how long has it been a hotel ? It 's been a hotel for the past 11 years . Okay , and you run / own it ? My brother and I run and own it , my dad restored it , and he comes and goes . So when we spoke on the phone earlier you mentioned that you guys are kind of uncomfortable about certain things maybe you could explain some of that for me . We 're kind of concerned about some of the energy here . Well , when you say the energy , are you talking about , like , a negative energy ... Yes . I 've experienced some things . Um , our guests have experienced some things . So we kind of want to know who we 're sharing our space with here . Tessa seems genuinely concerned about her hotel , and I want to help . But her description of this negative energy , really doesn 't give me a strong lead . There 's , like , this little lady . She 's taking care of people . She 's doing a lot of stuff and taking care of people . And she 's , like , doing it all the time , 24 / 7 . Back and forth , back and forth , back and forth . And she 's wearing , like , the , you know , nurse-y shoes , like , the white shoes . - So where are we headed now ? - We are headed to our basement . I am terrified to be down here . So whenever I am down here by myself , I take these steps in two steps going back up . When we bought it , it was a little creepy crawl space . My dad kind of dug it out , and now we do a lot of parties down here . So it was 2 : 30 on a Tuesday afternoon . I came downstairs , I had my purse on my shoulder , said good-bye to my brother . And walked over here to the women 's bathroom , and that 's when the most frightening thing that 's ever happened to me happened . I walked into the bathroom , turned on the lights , and there it was , right there . - What was ? - Well , it was a ghost . And , um , for several days , I couldn 't figure out what I really saw until I had thought about it . And I know that it was a Spanish woman . Was she older , younger ? Do you remember ? You know , I really ... I was so terrified that I don 't ... I don 't remember whether she was old or young . But you could see right through her , she had no color . That had to scare the hell out of you , I would assume . I went flying backwards , screaming . My purse fell off my shoulder . All the contents ended up on the basement floor . I was terrified . She walks up and down , up and down , up and down , up and down , up and down , up and down , up and down . A lot on here , up , back , forth , back , forth , back and forth , back and forth , back and forth , back and forth . But you know what 's weird is that , um ... You know , like she ... I 'm getting two ages on her . So I see her , like ... So maybe that 's how , like ... How long she was doing this or something ? And she 's short . She 's really short . So Tessa 's seen a Spanish woman , but she can 't give me any specifics on the experience that she had . That doesn 't help me in a hotel that used to be a clinic . Where there would 've been hundreds , if not thousands , of deaths . Unfortunately , I can 't speak to guests that have come and gone . But I can speak to Tessa 's father . He may know something Tessa doesn 't . So I was talking to your daughter , and she was saying some interesting things are happening here . I 'm curious as to you and ... What you might have experienced here , if anything . The most significant thing that occurred ... Difficult to talk about things like that . It sounds so fantastical , so bizarre . So I met with Tessa who owns and runs this hotel , and she explained her concerns to me . But I want to talk to her father Jack . Jack renovated this place , and I 'm sure he knows a lot about its history . Now , I was talking to your daughter and she was saying some interesting things are happening here . I 'm curious as to you and ... What you might have experienced here , if anything . One day , when we were excavating the basement , I was sitting down there , I had my notes , I saw ... Well , it 's the basement . There 's no windows there . But I was sitting there , and I noticed a light , some brightness over in the corner . I saw a very small lady . Latin , definitely ... But very , very small . And I looked at her , and she just was there looking back at me . I was so surprised by the whole thing that it didn 't register , I mean , you know ? Some things are very difficult to accept and believe . So Jack and his daughter both have seen a Spanish woman . I can 't be sure that they 've seen the same woman , but it 's definitely an odd coincidence . Am I the first person to hear you tell the story ? - Yes . - Okay . The third floor is difficult to understand . I 'm being pulled in so many different directions and to so many different rooms . Fortunately , the room with the strongest pull is vacant . - Can I go ? I don 't know . - You can go in there . I don 't know what this is . Uh , there 's , like , somebody laying in the hallway . How are they laying ? Face up . It 's a woman . So I guess I 'll go in here and touch that , see what 's up with that . Oh . Oh , my God . What year did this change from a clinic to a hotel , or did it go from a clinic to something else and then a hotel ? Well , it , uh , it remained a clinic until , uh , 22 years ago . So I had the opportunity uh ... To rehabilitate this building into what it is now . So many people , I would assume , passed away here . Many , many , yes . Many were born , and many passed right here . Like , so I walk in here , and I 'm , like , you know , immediately ... Like , I 'm ... Feel like a murder / suicide . I 'm feeling sick , though . There was a body in the bathroom ... And I feel it was a woman . Mm ... Yeah , I fell sick , though . I really feel sick . Hey , Ray . How you doing ? I 'm Steve . Pleasure meeting you . I 'm doing an investigation on the building and its background . Um , and I 'm investigating some of the things that have been going on . So I was wondering if you had any experiences or you heard of any experiences that people had here ? Anybody come down and mentioned to you that they might have seen an apparition or something like that ? One lady , she was in 305 . And she swore she saw a ... A shadow or a ghost figure . Because that 's what I asked her . I said , are you sure it wasn 't a shadow ? And she said , no , it was somebody staring at me . She said , I could feel the presence . She came a lot of times after that but ... She never wanted to be in that room again . - She never wanted to be in 305 again ? - That 's correct . So I checked with Jack and Tessa , and to their knowledge , there have been no crimes or violent incidents in room 305 . Or anywhere else in the hotel , for that matter . But they can 't speak for when this place was a clinic . From what I 'm finding out about Ybor City ... It has a pretty violent criminal history . I 'm talking execution-style killings , money laundering , racketeering . This all sounds like organized crime to me . But I 'm not sure it 's Mafia-related , so I 'm gonna go meet with a historian . Maybe he can shed some light on the city 's violent past . Ybor City has an era called the era of blood . In the early 1900s , different Mafia factions , fought for control of Tampa 's underground . And a lot of historians say it was the Southern version of the Wild West . There were brothels and gambling houses . I kind of am getting a little bit of a ... Kind of Mafia thing here . But this is like ... you know , the thing is , is , like , not everybody here is Italian , you know ? Um ... It 's all races . And , um ... And dealings . Lots of people down here . Laughing . I mean , people having a pretty good time . I feel , like , it went wrong , though . Like , it went wrong . I 'm not exactly sure how ... But it went wrong in a ... in a big way , it went wrong . Then there was a ... War all the Italian families here , and it was violent . With all the murders that took place around this hotel , they would probably have taken them to the closest medical clinic , which was this one . And , um ... I feel like ... No , I can 't say that , not for all of them . Um , I think that some of them were killed . I feel , like ... Some of them were killed . Paul gave me a lot of information about the crime in Ybor City , but I need more information about the hotel itself . So I 'm going to meet with a local expert that can tell me more about when it was a hospital . So I understand the location 's an inn now , it 's a hotel . Mm-hmm . It 's been that way for about 11 years , but I understand way back when , it was actually a clinic or a hospital . It was one of the most famous medical clinics in Tampa . This was not merely an outpatient clinic , this was a modern hospital . The key figure in understanding that building , is a man by the name of Jose Luis Avellanal . He had so many lives , so many disguises . Born in Tampa in 1903 , the only child of privilege . - And his father operated the clinic . - Was he a doctor ? Honestly , I 'm not sure whether he had a medical degree or not . He had been investigated , uh , by the government for running a diploma mill . So , basically , with this diploma mill , he could 've made himself anything he wanted to be . He was anything he wanted to be . It turned out he went to Mexico in the mid-1940s . Bribed his way into creating this legion of honor . Which allowed him to be decorated with the rank of Lieutenant General . He would not respond to you unless you called him General . Now did he eventually come back to The States ? He did , and stayed in Ybor City until his death in January 1982 . Never married ? Never married , but claims in a suicide note ... That he had 500 relationships . All right , so he decides to write a suicide note , - but doesn 't kill himself . - Yes , yes . It 's a disturbing , rambling ... Jarring portal to his soul , I guess . Uh , he 's writing that no woman could ever satisfy him . It 's rather a disturbing document if you look at it . Okay , so this is not good . The Mafia presence in the basement feels strange to me . I 'm getting that this was a hospital . And now I 'm sensing an even darker energy . And I 'm getting a little nervous . All the bad things that I did . Uh ... And there were different things done in different rooms . And , like , you know , it 's weird because it 's , like , I hear fire , but I 'm , like , getting this gas . Like , it 's so weird . Like , it 's like a gas . Like , it doesn 't really , like , smell like smoke or taste like smoke . It 's like a gas almost . The strangest aspect of this , was Avellanal 's obsession with death and eternal life . Avellanal , he was constantly petitioning local boards ... To experiment on cats . To restore cats ' lives . And God knows whether he was ever experimenting with humans there , but he was simply convinced that only he had the truth . So he was convinced , in his brain , he could bring ... Yes . Dead animals and / or humans back to life . Yes . Like , some really wicked [ Bleep ] went down here . Sorry . Uh , just feel there ... Uh , there 's ... there 's panic going on . Like , there 's confusion going on . And , um ... Yeah , I 'm feeling that . And there 's , like , tunnels . There 's , like , tunnels . Um , like , there 's tunnels . There 's , like , this whole freaking thing , man . Now was there any evidence that he might have used the hospital to ... With this reviving of dead bodies stuff ? Well , if you connect the dots , I mean , he lived literally ... 25 yards from that clinic , and the family owned that clinic until 1982 . And it 's interesting you mentioned this , there were tunnels in Ybor City . And it was always assumed , I think , it was for prohibition . But that never made sense because Ybor City was a wide-open town . So if you wanted to get rid of any kind of , uh , let 's say , evidence , he could have burned it up at the clinic ? Could have , sure . Like , there feels , like , there should have been a way to go through this wall , to the other room . It 's frustrating because I can 't follow these people into the walls . And so our conversations keep ending abruptly . As soon as one person walks away , another person walks in and gives me new information . This is a dead guy here . And , um , it 's almost like he 's afraid he 's gonna get busted for something . So he 's trying to , like , be quiet about it . He 's definitely dead . And ... Uh ... Maybe he doesn 't know . Uh ... yeah , he doesn 't know he 's dead . [ Bleep ] Yeah . There 's a lot , um ... There 's a lot of history here , so ... And , I mean , like , active . Like , active history here . What I mean is like a lot of dead people are here . The longer I stay in the basement , the more agitated I feel , because there are so many dead people down here that want to talk to me , and they 're all trying to talk to me at once . I actually ... I don 't know if it was a hospital or ... A place for people who , um , were mentally ill . Mm-hmm . Um , and I 'm still not sure , really , which one it was . And then there was a lady upstairs that was ... Um , seemed to me to be kind of like a nurse . So given what you know about this man right now ... He 's a pathological liar , he 's obsessed with the dead . He 's got a narcissistic personality , to say the least ... Would you be surprised if tomorrow you found out there were bodies in his basement ? No . And there 's people coming out of the walls . There 's a lot of people coming out of the walls . - And ... - Are they all related to this event ? And this stuff going down here , or they ... I don 't know . It 's just , like , they just all came ... Like , I almost feel like ... Some of them were in the wall . Like ... like ... Like , literally . They 're a mess . What do they look like ? They 've got , like , crushed faces ... Broken arms ... And they feel ... all feel , like , they 're in , like , they 're vibrating . Ooh , and there 's people coming out of the walls . Like , I almost feel like ... Some of them were in the wall . Like ... like ... Like , literally . And they feel ... all feel , like , their inner , like they 're vibrating . Like , they 're just in that moment , and ... What moment ? Yeah . These people seem confused and terrified because they don 't know how they got in here . I 'm having trouble understanding what they want because they 're in so much pain . Someone 's yelling fire , so ... and that 's a male . Can you describe him ? Um , he 's wearing , like , actually , a really nice suit . And he has dark brown hair , and it has , like , the goop in it . And it 's , like , combed back . And he has a white shirt on , the suit 's dark . And he has even has , like , the little bow tie on . Mm-hmm , no facial hair . Um , like , strong face . Yeah . But he wants to figure out what happened . So I start out looking for a little old lady , and I find out that maybe thousands of people died in this building when it was a clinic . Now I discover that the son of the doctor who ran the clinic was obsessed with death . He kept journals of bizarre medical procedures . And he left a suicide note which is nine pages of lunacy . I mean , this guy kind of had the psych profile of a serial killer . Charming , he was power-hungry , and he had plenty of money to basically do whatever the hell he wanted . [ Bleep ] Okay . Somebody 's here , and they 're , like ... Is this that other guy ? What ... oh , oh , oh . Oh , oh , oh , I don 't like that . What 's going on ? Oh ! Like , a little push , a little nudge on my back . I thought it was a female coming up behind me . And , uh ... But I 'm not sure now . Because they went away , and then I was wondering if it was that guy . Like seriously , I 'm getting chills up and down my back . Because they 're touching me on my back . Oh , I don 't ... okay . I don 't like that . Sometimes I get to a point where I just need to shut down . The dead people here are angry with me because I can 't help them all . So now they 're starting to attack me . There 's just so much going on that I 'm starting to feel physically ill . And I think we need to leave now . I encountered so many dead people on my walk . That nobody really stood out , except for this one man . Who seemed to be attached to the location . So I 'm gonna have the sketch artist sketch him . He is very masculine-looking . - Square jaw ? - Yes . Okay . Uh , light haired , gray haired ? - Oh , dark hair . - Dark hair , okay . He has it slicked back . - Slicked back . - Black hair . It 's like very , um , suave . Yeah . Very , um ... Meticulous . He , uh , definitely was very vain . And what we would call today a Metro Sexual . He would clean his , uh ... - Nails every day . - Mm hmm . He would , um , he filed them . It 's like O.C.D. about these things . He would shave the hair off of his , um , fingers . Like he 's ... like , even , like , constantly doing this , with his arm hair to keep it nice . Like , even the eyebrows , like , brushing them up and cutting them to make sure that they 're , like , perfect . And then , like , you know , he got older , he had a lot of power and control over a lot of things . All right . Something like that ? Yep , that 's him . Amy and I have not seen each other since the beginning of the investigation . I have no idea what she 's encountered , what she saw , what she felt . But now we get to sit down and see if any of our findings match up . Amy , this is Tessa and Jack . They are the owners of the hotel we 're in . They called us in because they 've had some issues with guests , seeing apparitions and bizarre events going on . Okay . Tessa has actually encountered an apparition in the basement in the restroom area . Okay . And if you can explain to her what you saw . It was in the female restroom in the basement downstairs , and walked in on a very dark , dark restroom . Went to turn the light on , and there she was . Okay . And I actually know that she was of ... Um , hispanic or Spanish descent . Okay . Very interesting . Well , I did encounter an older female in her 70s . Um , who stayed here for some time . She was very petite . Um , she 's on the third floor , mainly . Um , she does have a hispanic heritage . And she , um , what ... Was some type of nurse or something like that , a caretaker . There was a lady upstairs that was ... Um , seemed to me to be kind of , like , a nurse . Mm-hmm . And she 's short . She 's really short . Now you don 't know this , but your father informed me that he actually saw something himself . And I was really the only person he 's ever told . I didn 't want to look foolish , uh , in that respect . So I was allowed to look foolish with my story , telling everybody all these years , and you just , - you know , keep it to yourself . - I never , never told anybody . I saw a very small lady . And I looked at her , and she just was there looking back at me . Who do you think my lady was ? Do you think it was her ? - Maybe the same ... - I think it was probably the same ... The same woman , so ... The little nurse is a very active presence here . She feels a responsibility to continue doing her job . And I think that 's why she presented herself to Jack and Tessa . To let them know that she 's still here . I 'm happy that I 'm sane . Because that lady , that really threw me for a loop . That 's why I never told anyone in my family , any of my friends . But I know that someone interviewed our front desk , Ray . I was wondering how that came out ? Well , when I spoke to Ray , I specifically asked him if he 'd seen anything , because I had heard from you two guys . He hadn 't , but he said a couple of guests , did mention a shadowy figure in a room , 305 . - Yes . - Okay . 305 was unusual . Um , as soon as I opened the door ... Immediately ... Like , I feel like a murder / suicide . I 'm feeling sick , though . There was a body in the bathroom . And I feel it was a woman . Well , it was a hospital . Well , all the rooms here were hospital rooms . People were ... died there , treated there . Okay . - So each room ... - It was really bad and very intense . Saw many stories . Ybor City has a tremendous , tremendous history as far as , um , the Mafia and the mob down here . The beginning of the 1920s , there was a time of , a span of almost 30 years . There was a big mob war down here . They called it the era of blood . Because there was so much violence so many homicides , so many murders because of the gambling . Most of those victims came here . - This was the only clinic in the area . - Okay . So you 're gonna have , I don 't know how many murders within a year that actually wound up ... Even if they were alive when they got here , they may have eventually passed away when they were here . Does that make any sense to you ? Does that ... Yes , it does . There was a character here that lived here for many , many years . His name was Jose Luis Avellanal . Now this guy was a handsome , tall , charismatic guy . Real narcissist . Meticulous the way he dressed . - Does that sound familiar to you at all ? - Yes , it does . Well , you know what ? I have a photo of , uh , this guy . I want you to take a look at it . Wow ! Well , you know what ? I have a photo of , uh , this guy . I want you to take a look at it . Wow ! What I normally do during our investigation is put her together with a sketch artist . As far as , uh , who she encounters . So I had a sketch artist come in . And they seal it . I don 't get to see it until now , actually , so ... Well , tell me what you think . That 's pretty close . Wow , that 's incredible . That 's kind of the outfit that he had on with the bow tie . Yeah . The eyes , I think . Yeah . When I encounter the dead , they project themselves how they want me to see them . So it 's always kind of shocking when , I see an actual photograph of someone I 've met . What was your take on him ? I mean , what kind of a person do you think he was ? Well , he definitely had obsessive-compulsive disorder . That 's the first thing . He was in some type of a powerful position . Just because , he had that authority . Um , confidence that you get from being in some type of power position . Okay . Let me paint a little picture of , uh ... Mr. Avellanal . He had a diploma mill that he ran . And he gave himself diplomas . And he was selling them , also . But he was a doctor , a lawyer , a minister , name it , he was it . He was so far into this being powerful , he used to actually walk around ... In a Mexican General 's outfit through Tampa and Ybor City . So to give you an idea of what kind of a guy he was . And you 'll see this stuff . He was really into trying to revive the dead . He used to actually write letters to the Mayo clinic , Harvard . They all rejected him . Because they realized the guy 's out of his mind , but he would experiment ... Using this type of stuff for reviving the dead . This was the kind of machinery he used to do that . And there 's rumors that he might have experimented on cats , animals . Now Jose Luis actually lived right diagonal from here , at the El Pasaje hotel . In his younger years , he actually wrote a 9-page suicide note . Now in this note , he talks about how many women he 's had . He had over 500 women in his life , and none of them could satisfy him . Talked about taking over the world . This is all in the same note , and he talks about committing suicide , which he never did . You know , I was really interested in Avellanal for , a lot of the bad things that happened here . You know , kind of everything was pointing towards him . Do you think this guy killed anyone ? No . Even though the guy , in my opinion , is a sociopath , he 's a lunatic , he 's a liar , narcissistic . He , yeah , definitely he didn 't kill anybody . Steve uncovered some unflattering information about Avellanal . But when I met Avellanal , he seemed more confused , about his own death than anything else . He was definitely an eccentric man . But I don 't think that he was ever dangerous . And I don 't think that he 'll be a threat , to Jack or Tessa or their guests . All I know is what I got , and ... You know , my concern is , is always trying to keep it as accurate as possible . I 'm not saying that everything I uncover is gonna jive with what you find . - Right . - But I just in this case ... I thought there was relevance there . But if she says it isn 't , it isn 't so ... You 've been a Detective as long as I have , you know that you 've got to go by your gut instincts sometimes . And my gut tells me Avellanal was up to no good . But I have to go with Amy 's findings on this one . Avellanal , did he ... why is he here ? Well , I think that ... Because he did have such a strong attachment to it , it is a place that he was familiar with and is familiar with . So that may be why he comes and goes . Um ... He wasn 't present the entire time . So I 'm not sure if he stays here all the time or not . But a lot of dead will just kind of converge sometimes at places . Um , and being that this was a hospital , a lot of people were brought here to the morgue . Like , I almost feel like ... Some of them were in the wall , like ... Like , literally . They 're a mess . What do they look like ? They 've got , like , crushed faces ... Broken arms . And they all feel , like , their inner ... Like they 're vibrating , like ... The people who fell out of the wall ... Um , which I 'm kind of relating to the morgue . Now , the only thing with them is just they want to leave , they 're not harmful in any way , they 're just normal people that are , like , hey , I want to leave now . But you are safe , the guests are safe , and the nurse is still working and doing her job , taking care of everybody , you know ? - That 's what we want is a happy place . - Yeah . Hotels can be hard to investigate , especially in cases like this . Jack and Tessa have entity 's that are happy to be here . And they have entity 's who no longer want to be here . But like the living sometimes all the dead want is to be heard . And now that their story 's have been told . I think many of them are ready to move on . Everyone will benefit in the end . Both the living and the dead .
