 There is an alternate universe . And in it , another version of us . You were right . They don 't remember Peter . He was erased . The timeline has been rewritten . And yet , traces of him continue to bleed through . Does this remind you of anything ? Biological mechanical hybrid . - They 're human . - Heard you got something to show me . It was powering the new form of shapeshifters . The ones we 've encountered before answered to Walternate . I was important to you , wasn 't I ? I mean , the other version of me . - She is . - Well , I hope that you get back to her . Clearly , I 'm in the wrong place and all the people that I know and love are somewhere else . Now I just gotta figure out how to get home . Walter ? Your waffle machine isn 't working properly , Peter . - So instead ... - You 're talking to me . I don 't understand . Chocolate chip and banana pancakes . What could be clearer ? Sit . The sun is a-risin' Most definitely A new day is comin Good morning . Good morning , Walter . I thought you were making waffles . The waffle iron is broken . Oh , but you were so looking forward to them . It 's okay . This is fine . Being back with the two of you . This is very , very fine . Don 't worry , son . I 'll get this infernal machine working . Then we can have waffles every day . I just need to adjust . Walter . It 's incredible . Astrid , come quickly . You 've got to see this . The pinwheel with the metallic qualities is spinning against the flow of air . Completely violating the law of physics . Oh . Pastries . How nice . Thank you , Astrid . Hello , Walter . I have to talk to you about the machine . Walter , the machine was powerful enough to pop me out of my timeline . I think it 's the only thing that can get me back to where I belong . And you built the thing . You 're the only person who can help me . That machine is staggeringly dangerous . - It 's capable of destroying universes . - I know . And maybe I am too . I have tried to respect your boundaries . I have stayed away , Walter . But I 've gotta get home now . And you 're the only person who can help me do that . I have been separated from my family . And you of all people should understand how desperate I am to get back . The water was still running in the sink . She must have come to her decision while she was washing the dishes . What ? I knew almost immediately . Even before I found the body . The car 's engine was still running . There was no note . There didn 't need to be . We had just lost our only child . I should have mourned with her , been there . But instead I let her grieve alone so that I could focus on finding a way to the alternate universe to save someone else 's child . My actions caused the death of my wife unspeakable damage to two universes . I lost my career and my sanity . All because I tried to help another Peter . I may be the only man that can help you . But I 'm also the only man that cannot help you . Your office told me you were on leave . You okay ? Uh , yeah . It 's just a migraine . I think exhaustion . Broyles told me to take the day , rest up . - What are you doing here ? - I need to ask you a favor . Mind if I come in ? Uh , sure . Please . Ask Broyles to get me permission to use the bridge so I can cross into the alternate universe . Why would you wanna cross over ? Because I think the machine is my best chance of getting home . Walter created it , but clearly he 's not gonna help me recalibrate it . So I 'm hoping that Walternate will . Walternate is an untrustworthy son of a bitch who is responsible for sending shapeshifters to our universe . So , what makes you think that he 'll help you ? I really don 't have any other choice . Okay , in any case , Broyles isn 't gonna let you near that bridge . You may have gained some trust here , but to him you 're still an unknown entity . Besides , Peter , they don 't know that you exist . And Walternate is their secretary of defense . I mean , how are you gonna get to him at the DOD ? - Hey . - Hey . I brought you chicken soup . I thought maybe you could use a little company . - Which I see you already have . - Him . - Me ? - You 're how I 'm gonna get into the DOD . Fringe Division reports directly to the secretary of defense . - Their lead agent ... - Is Lincoln Lee . - Yeah , that could work . - It will work . All I need is a way to get over to the Other Side . I 'm sorry , what are we talking about ? Here it is . A Massive Dynamic requisition form ? - What 's Item 317 ? - It 's Walter 's portal device . The one he used to cross over in 1985 . - That 's at the bottom of Reiden Lake . - Massive Dynamic recovered it years ago . It 's been in storage ever since . And you just happened to have this handy ? I 've been thinking about crossing over myself . Doing a little recon . What do you need Walter 's device for when you can just cross by yourself ? - When I can what ? - Smart . You were gonna go over , find out what the shapeshifters are after . See if I can expose Walternate 's entire agenda . - Peter 's just given us a way in . - That 's not what we 're about to do . I understand that you guys are dealing with dangers from the Other Side . If we get busted , no way Walternate 's not gonna think I 'm involved . I 'm gonna lose the chance to get back to my timeline to my people . You gotta understand that . Of course . Getting you home is a priority for us as well . So right now this is about you . Lincoln and I will secure a van and collect the device from Massive Dynamic . Well , all right then . Let 's go get our ride . Got something on your mind ? Yup . - Sure you don 't want me to come in ? - Yeah . Okay . I 'll be right here if you need me . Let go . Mom ? Excuse me , officer . Um , there 's inappropriate behavior in the men 's restroom . And my 8-year-old was just subjected to it . Hey , Transit P.D. Come on out of there . Mr. Secretary Brandon Fayette is here to see you , as requested . Send him in . Mr. Secretary . I was told you wanted me to bring you the shapeshifter tech . You 've been working on this for weeks . How much longer will it take ? I 'm not sure , but I 've identified a signal that we might be able to trace . It should lead us to whoever is responsible for these new shapeshifter prototypes . I want you to forward me your diagnostic protocols and leave the disk with me . I 'll handle the backtrace myself . Sir , are you sure ? I feel I 'm close . I would like to see this through . I shouldn 't have to remind you that I am also a scientist and perfectly capable of completing the task . No , sir . Of course . I 'll send for you if I need anything else . So the guy scales the bus and then jumps 30 feet off its roof ? That 's what the witness report said . Gets a 9.5 for the attempt , but he failed to stick the landing . May I have your attention , please ? All Fringe Division and ancillary personnel are required to withdraw from the area immediately . Excuse me , you wanna tell me what you think you 're doing ? I 'm Sergeant Elias Kane , Department of Defense . This investigation is the jurisdiction of military command . - The hell it is . On whose orders ? - The secretary of defense . All right , everybody . Pack it up , clear it out . - You 're gonna let that happen ? - Out of our hands . We work for the DOD too . Why would Secretary Bishop remove us from what is clearly a Fringe case ? Ours is not to question why . Ours is just to get the hell out . I 've heard enough about Dunham . I was able to get the equipment . I 'll meet you at the theater . Great , we 'll see you there . What makes you sure that there 's a soft spot between universes in this place ? Well , we 've used it before . In another timeline . The next part Just got in the way You were just always talkin ' about Changin' We 're still about 40 miles out . What if I was the same then It 's fine . We still got plenty of range . The same I always was ? - You all right ? - Yeah , I 'm okay . - You really don 't have to be here . - No . We have an arrangement . If something happens and you two can 't get back then I have to be here to let Broyles know . So this look about right ? Yeah , you look good . Okay . You 're clear on everything , right ? What you need to do ? Are you ready ? Just out of curiosity um , if this thing closes while I 'm still crossing through , what happens ? It 'll cut you in half . I killed a guy like that once . Don 't worry . He was a bad guy . Olivia , thank you . I owe you one . Good luck . You okay ? One piece . Colonel Broyles . Sensors detecting a class three breach . Impossible . We haven 't had degradation since the universes were linked . None the less , redundant systems are confirming a breach at an opera house in lower Brooklyn . - Where are Lee and Dunham ? - En route to HQ , 10 minutes out . Notify them of the breach , redirect them . Dispatch an amber team to meet them . This place isn 't all that different from our ... Hey . Scarecrow , come on . The flying monkeys are coming . Thank you , gentlemen . Bring the body in here . Sir , may I ask what 's going on ? Nothing to concern yourself with . I need you and your staff to vacate the lab until further notice . Sergeant Kane . Please stand guard at the door . Make sure no one disturbs me . How 's it going ? Agent Lee . Good to see you again . Got a prisoner here I need to transport to Liberty Island . - I don 't have any transport order . - No , you wouldn 't . Secretary Bishop wants this one off the books . We 're keeping it quiet for security reasons . - You think I 'm making this up ? - No , not at all , sir . - I can call the SECDEF 's office . - You speak to somebody there . They clear it with someone else , who clears it up . That 's three people you included in a classified interrogation . But you go right ahead . It 's your ass , not mine . I see what you mean . You know what ? I 'll send for the ferry . - Good idea . - I 'll just need your Show Me . Yeah , uh , about that . I had to jump into the East River to catch this scumbag . - Must have lost it in the drink . - That 's fine . Your handprint will do . Well , the ferry should be at the pier shortly . Agent Lee . - I 'll report your Show Me lost . - Thanks . I 'm impressed . You 've quite a knack for deception . Colonel , we 've checked our readings again . They 're still negative . If there was any degradation here , it 's gone now . Copy that . The breach is no longer registering here , either . Looks like a false alarm . - Maybe there was a glitch with the sensors . - Maybe . Recall your team and report back to HQ . Dreaming of a life in the theater ? You know , that body at the bus terminal . His face was pretty messed up . Guy was pancaked by a bus . I mean his features . They didn 't add up . They were all mismatched . His hair , his eyes , one blue , one brown . Okay ? You add that to the fact that he ran up the side of a bus then jumped 10 yards and landed on his feet . I think he might have been a shapeshifter . You mean those human shapeshifters the Other Side 's accusing us of sending ? I guess once the DOD confirms that with the autopsy Secretary Bishop will let us know . - Unless he doesn 't . Their Olivia said he was responsible for these new shapeshifters . When do you listen to anything they have to say ? She 's a paranoid who doesn 't trust anyone . Yeah . That doesn 't mean she 's not right . Think . What if the secretary had us removed from the scene so he could cover up his involvement ? - Now who 's paranoid ? Okay , why won 't the car start ? Lost ? I never reported it lost . It said the report came from the DOD checkpoint at the pier . Checkpoint 5 . Corporal Wheeler . Wheeler , I understand somebody there reported my Show Me lost . Agent Lee ? Once I get in to see Walternate , take off . Head to the opera house . Before they figure you 're not who you say . You 've been there before , their DOD . It was in your debrief after you showed up . Walternate wanted me close when working on the machine . In a secure room . You said that 's where he kept his classified files . If you worked in it , you must know how to get into it . - Why are we talking about this , Lincoln ? - Just tell me where it 's located . Ah , I don 't believe this . - You don 't have to be involved . - They 're gonna think I 'm involved . - You 're about to ruin the best chance ... - I didn 't come to go back empty-handed . - Don 't move . - Put your hands behind your head . Give me a chance to explain . Look , I know how this looks , but it 's a misunderstanding . Agent Lee , I presume ? We can straighten this out . I have to talk to Secretary Bishop . Who the hell are you ? Yes ? Mr. Secretary , it 's Colonel Broyles . You need to know there 's been an incursion from the other universe . We 've apprehended two men who are on their way to you . One is their Fringe Division 's Lincoln Lee . The other man he claims to be Peter Bishop , your son . - My son ? - That 's what he said , sir . We 'll attempt to ascertain his real identity once we have them in custody . Lee and Dunham are convoying the prisoners to Fringe HQ for questioning . Do you want me to contact the Other Side , demand an explanation ? No . Tell them nothing until you 've had a chance to interrogate these men . And keep me informed with what you learned . - This was Olivia 's idea , wasn 't it ? - Doesn 't matter much now . Yeah , it matters to me . I thought I could trust you two . I get it , Peter . You wanna go home , to your people . Well , we are fighting for our people . Whatever these shapeshifters are up to , we have to stop them . Sorry if I thought you wanted that too . It 's not my fight . Agent Murphy . Affirmative , sir . As a matter of fact , I have them in my transport right now . All right , sir . I understand . What just happened ? We lost the transport . Agent Murphy , Agent Cole , do you copy ? - Agent Murphy , Agent Cole , respond . - Murphy , what 's going on ? Transport 1 , this is Dunham . Do you copy ? Agent Murphy , come in . Where 's the locate on that prisoner transport ? Still looking . Stand by . Get out . Your cuffs . Take them off . Make this look like an escape attempt ? Like we killed your partner ? Your turn . Let 's go . That call you got , was that Secretary Bishop ? Did he tell you to do this ? He 's making a mistake . I just came here to talk to him . He doesn 't understand why I 'm here . It doesn 't matter why you 're here . I have my orders . We gotta get out of here now . Give me the gun . Give me the gun . We 're doing this my way now . You 're a hundred meters from the transport . - Wait . They 're on the move again . - What ? Take the next alley . There are two transponders still in the alley . Okay , you let me out . You stay with the transport . We got two agents down . All units , the suspects are headed north down the alley by Franklin and Broadway . Out of the vehicle now ! On the ground . So where is he ? I have no idea . I told you , he ran . Agent Murphy 's Show Me was used at the subway turnstile 20 minutes ago . You led us on that diversion so your friend could get away . Broyles put his description out to Transit and Metro P.D. He won 't get far . You and your pal murdered two Fringe agents . Every cop in the city is gonna be looking for him . Right , that 's what happened . We came all this way to kill two Fringe agents . That 's brilliant . No wonder you 're a detective . Makes a lot more sense than Agent Murphy shooting his own partner then trying to kill you two because somebody called him and ordered him . So who on our side would want you dead ? Your boss . The secretary of defense . So , clearly , in the other universe , I 'm a nut job . What makes you sure it was the secretary on the end of that call ? Our universe has been infiltrated by shapeshifters from your side . They 've killed a lot of people , including a friend of mine for reasons I still don 't understand . And your defense secretary 's behind them . He 's obviously got people inside your division working for him . You take me in , he 's gonna see to it I disappear . Trace the call . Trace the call made to Murphy . If it leads to Secretary Bishop , you know I 'm right . If our division 's compromised , why trust us ? Because of her . Peter said I could trust you . He doesn 't even know me . Peter said , at the end of the day , you 're a good person . You 'd do the right thing . Liv ? We 'll sort it out at headquarters . - Oh , God ! - I 'm sorry . I 'm not here to hurt you . - I have money . - You don 't understand . I just need to speak with your husband . It 's very important . Peter ? Over the years , my husband has opened my mind to things that I never thought possible . And still I never thought that ... As soon as I looked into your eyes , I knew . They , um ... They told me that you died the night that you were taken from me . And they told you the truth . I 'm sorry , Elizabeth . I 'm not the Peter that you think I am . I 'm from another place . It 's all very complicated . But I have people there that I care about very , very deeply and I have to get back to them . That 's what got me through it , you know . I told myself that if another universe exists and there 's got to be more then somewhere you would grow up and be happy and fall in love . Somewhere you would have a life . Just not here . That 's why I came here . That 's why I need to speak to Walter . - He 's the only person who can help me . - Of course . If your father ... If Walter knew that you were here he would do everything he could to help you . He 's , um ... He 's at work . I 'll call the office . Oh , no , no . No , I 'm sorry , you can 't do that . You can 't let anybody else know I 'm here . When I crossed over , people who worked for your husband tried to kill me . What ? Why would anyone try to ... ? I don 't know , but clearly someone thinks my being here is a threat . Then , Peter , we need to protect you . Walter has to know about this . I think that he already does . The alarm . Oh , God , I 'm sorry . Before I knew it was you , I hit the alarm . - Peter , why have you got a gun ? - Mrs. Bishop ? - Give me the gun . - Mrs. Bishop ? Peter , if you don 't give me the gun , they will shoot you . Mrs. Bishop , are you all right ? I won 't let anything happen to you . Not this time . - Don 't shoot ! Don 't shoot . - That 's him . Hands in the air . - Don 't shoot . - Step away . This man is dangerous . - He 's killed two Fringe agents . - No . Anyone who fires on this man will have my husband to answer to . A mistake has been made . I need your men to transport us to the Department of Defense . You heard me . We are going to see my husband . - He 'll have to be restrained . - That 's fine . Walter will straighten all this out . You 'll see . - What the hell is this ? - This is where we 're holding you . - It 's a maintenance closet . - That 's very astute . No wonder you 're a detective . We looked into Murphy 's phone logs . He did receive a call just before the vehicle disappeared from the convoy . Like I said . We 're gonna trace the call . And if it leads back to the secretary of defense , then we can talk . If not , this isn 't the last windowless room you 're gonna find yourself in . Make yourself comfortable . Nobody knows you 're here but us . We 're breaking five different general orders right now . - I hope you know what you 're doing . - Me too . Walter . It 's Peter . It 's a miracle . Of course it is . I 've dreamt about this moment for so many years . Now you 're actually here standing in front of me . - Take these restraints off . - Sir ... Take them off . And then leave us . I know ... I know that you don 't wanna hear this right now , Secretary Bishop but I 'm not your son . I know that . How could you be ? He came to ask for your help . I promised him you would . - Would you leave us for a moment ? - L ... I 'd like to speak to Peter alone . Just a few moments , please , dear . All right . All right . Thank you . I must say , that was a brilliant performance . You almost looked genuinely surprised to see me which we both know is not the case . I 've known about you for some time . I 've been monitoring the intelligence feeds from the other universe . Yeah , if by " monitoring " you mean spying . You have a very ill opinion of me . - Where I 'm from , I know you all too well . - Really ? What do you know ? For starters , I know you 've already tried to have me killed once today . - And why would I do that ? - I don 't know , Walter . Maybe you see me as a threat . They know you created the human shapeshifters . You 're responsible for sending them to the alternate universe in violation of your accord with them . So you have come all this way to bring me to justice ? No . Whatever disagreements are between this universe and theirs are none of my business . I 'll tell you exactly what I told them . It is not my fight . All I want is your help to get me back where I belong . To get me home . If you wanna get rid of me , just help me . If you believe that I am to blame for all those terrible things your decision to come here must have been difficult . I didn 't really have any other choice . I see . Well , no one knows more about the burden of difficult decisions than I. Sir , Sergeant Kane said you wanted to see me . Doctor , come in . Dr. Fayette , this man is from the Other Side . He 's making serious accusations against me . He believes , among other things , I am responsible for the shapeshifters that are plaguing the other universe now . You are my chief scientist . You know me and my operation better than anyone . Is it possible ? Is there any way that what he is saying could be true ? I don 't see how , sir . I examined the shapeshifter tech in detail . I saw nothing to indicate you had anything to do with it , sir . There . You see ? If I may ask ... Not everything is as it seems . I 've suspected for some time that Fayette had been replaced by a shapeshifter . My men have been following him for some weeks monitoring all of his communications . - What are you gonna do with him ? Interrogate him . Get what information I can to find out who 's behind this . Earlier today , a State Department employee was the victim of another shapeshifter trying to acquire his identity . It 's become all too clear that elements of our government are being infiltrated . If you 've known this , why haven 't you done anything ? Done what , exactly ? If word got out that elected officials and other authorities were not who they claimed to be it would cause widespread panic and society would collapse . No , trust me on this . You have to find the shapeshifters , expose them for what they are . - And how do you propose I do that ? - That device seemed to do the trick . Yes , and I spent weeks convincing myself that Dr. Fayette had been replaced . And if I had been wrong this tech would have killed a human being . Why are you telling me all of this ? Because you are the only person I can trust . You have no alliances to our side or theirs . I 'm telling you this because I need you to deliver a message . I appreciate what you 're up against , but ... - It 's not your fight ? - Exactly . It 's not my fight . I came here because I needed your help to get home . The Walter on the Other Side refuses to help me . But you understand that machine . You share his mind . You 're the only person who you can help me get back . And I will do everything in my power to help you get home . But you must go back to the Other Side and tell them that I am not their enemy . Whoever is behind this is a threat to us all . I was wrong about you . You 're not the man I thought you were . You are exactly the man I thought you would be . Please , do this for me , Peter . Help us . Agent Farnsworth traced the call to Murphy 's cuff back to an industrial park in the Flatiron District . The area has been abandoned since the Amber Riots of ' 06 . - The Flatiron District ? - Mm-hm . That doesn 't sound connected to the DOD or Secretary Bishop . Maybe it isn 't , but we should still check it out . How much longer are we gonna keep Broyles in the dark ? - We 're following a lead . - No . We 're chasing the story of a suspect who may have murdered two of our agents and who we locked in a broom closet instead of holding , where he belongs . - What if he 's right ? - What if he 's not ? We have to tell Broyles something . Did you process the prisoner into holding ? He 's been secured , sir . But that 's not why we 're here . I take it this is about the trace you ran on Agent Murphy 's ear cuff . Agent Farnsworth told me . You wanna tell me what it is you 're looking for ? Uh , well , it may be nothing , but until we know more we would like some leeway on this . Okay . Keep me posted . Yes , sir . Thank you . - Colonel Broyles . - They 're on their way to you now . Excellent . We 'll be waiting for them . Who are you ? Show me your hands . How did you ... ? Stop doing that . Who the hell are you ? I have come to tell you something , Olivia . How did you know my name ? How do you know my ... ? You 've been shot ? I came to tell you . I have looked at all possible futures . And in every one the result is the same . You have to die . I 'm gonna get you to a hospital .
