 Subtitles by : 94mdmd Keep an eye up Excuse me , sir ? Hey , is this the ... ? I asked a woman a few miles back where I could find the ... and she told me that it is the shit old with the ugly fat fog lying up front with a bullet in his head ? You see ? I knew I had the right place . Carlos ? Carlos Ruiz ? Have you guys seen Carlos Ruiz ? Do you mind if I change that ? I never bin a big fan of soccer . Get up . Sorry , I missed that . I missed it . Let 's go . Carlos Ruiz ... I haven 't heard that name in a while . Well ... that 's because Carlos Ruiz is dead . Tell me : How did he died ? Officialy math lab explosion , burned his face pritty bad , lost an eye , wasn 't to long before his man forced him in to early retirement . No go watch ceremony , I would imagine . I would imagine not . And unofficialy ? Unofficialy ? I am of the believe you can 't kill true evil , although it hasn 't stop me from trying . Normally ... we live well-enough alone , you know , if you Beaners wanna kill himselves south of the border of a little white rocks we don 't give a shit . Today you give a shit . Today I give a big huge shit . [ And what 's the carrelive for this sady changing posy ? ] A girl . That 's always a reason , right ? It 's a popular motive . Do you have a specific one in mind ? Zoe LaPerrier , daughter of IOS senator Choy LaPerrier 17 years young , blond , pretty and by populair account lacking sound judgment . And you believe this girl is here ? I do . I am Carlos Ruiz . That would explane the mask , a kind of a sollidarity gesture . Become embarrassed , mother fucker ? Do you think about all the people your wife fucks because your face looks like a dried-up peace of dogs shit ? Welcome back , Carlos . What are you doing here ? I think you intend the traffic the Lapeïr girl and I am here to shut you down . Shortly you must be aware of your situation . And what situation ? You hear that ? No sir , and my hearing is above average . No backup unit breaking down the door . No millitary vehicles rushing to the rescue . No contingency plan . I 'm not quite sure I put it like that . Gentleman , there are more diplomatic solutions available . I can not think of notting more diplomatic than cutting off the head of my enemy and melling it to his overman . Where should I adress this package ? FBI ? CIA ? Blackops ? Well , I work for a more specialized devision . There really isn 't an adress ... A love one perhaps ? Yes , but ... she will appreciate the gesture . Was that enough evidence for you ? Ruiz has the girl . I dont think convincing us was ever the problem , but that last shelling-use coulda been put a better use Yea ? Like what ? It was a reckless waste , Charlie . Not really worried . Let 's try this again . How many of your friends are back there ? Hey , Red I counted eight . Who are you ? I am the contingency plan . Who are you ? Where is my phone ? Let 's go . Wait , what 's in your back ? Carlos . Let 's go ! Put me down ! Are you serious right now ? You 're kidding me . Package delivered .
