 One must be a sea to receive a polluted stream without becoming impure . Lo , I teach you the Overman . He is that sea . In him can your great contempt be submerged Alright Tony one last race But we only have a few minutes before your satellite launches You can 't be late for that Oh oh oh , I don 't expect to be late I also don 't expect to lose You 'd better keep up old man That was pretty close back there what 's the problem ? You 're a little off your game , had too many cocktails last night You don 't think I 'm sharp enough We 'll see who wins my friend I 've got moves you can 't even emagine You spend all that time flying jets in the air force And sadly , you still don 't have what it takes to beat me in a race Oh I 've got what it takes If you really think that 's true let 's try this again in F-15s and see how things turn out I don 't have spare F-15s lying around , you 'll have to make do with your armor Watch and learn ! I 'm about to do some maneuvers only the pros can pull off ! You 'd better give up and admit defeat , Rhodey ! You 're falling behind No one is gonna think less of you for losing Well , except for me maybe You 're slow fly-boy you 're never gonna catch me Just watch me ! Ha gotcha ! Well there goes the paint job You keep forgetting one thing , Tony . It 's not just speed that 's involved , I 'm an experienced military pilot and that counts for a lot I have years of training under my belt , In actual combat conditions ! I know tactics and strategy You 're a rockie , who 's just got his licence I knew you couldn 't win a fair fight You said you were experienced in tactics ! You didn 't see that coming ? Imagine if outbreaks of violence , murder , and terrorism could all be detected and prevented before they ever took place ! It sounds like science-fiction , but it 's not . We 're here to introduce the new Howard satellite , developed by Stark Industries . This technology will enable the S.H.I.E.L.D. detection program to monitor every event and the full range of human activity , all over the planet . But there are those who are already calling it the ultimate spy satellite . Privacy-rights advocates have demanded that Stark Industries scrap its deployment . Tony Stark responded to those accusations in his presentation last night ... I named this satellite " Howard " after my Dad , who always watched out for me . It 's a tribute to him . And for a particular reason . He believed in the concept of personal freedom . The Howard satellite has not been designed to infringe upon that right . Instead , it 's an all-seeing eye in the sky with one job , to identify and prevent trouble before it occurs , 24 hours a day . Once it 's launched and activated , it will provide relief to the victimized , and protect countless lives all over the world . Tony Stark , the CEO of Stark Industries , who is also known as Iron Man , is claiming the launch of his new satellite will provide endless benefits to ordinary citizens ... With many questions unanswered , there is much anxiety over potential violations - of privacy ... - People are wondering whether they 're able to trust this man , who has a background as a weapons contractor There 're those who say there is a great great danger in putting all of our faith in technology Who will be in control , man or machine ? Here comes Tony Stark in his Iron Man armor And Colonel James Rhodes , flying his War Machine ! Obviously , they are both here to reassure the public . - Glad you 're still alive . - Not as much as me . Who the hell are these guys ? They 're targeting the Howard . I 've run into these bastards before . They 're armored mercenaries who call themselves the " Raiders . " They must be paranoid that the satellite will be able to track their activities . They 're jamming our comms Data interrupt ! We 've lost communications ! Scramble our Interceptors and get them out there . Rhodey ! Now It 's time for us to have a little chat , my friend . It 's the cosy S.H.I.E.L.D. detention selling it for you If you stand down and start playing nice Am I supposed to be scared ? Our employer is much worse than you . He 's far surpassed your capabilities . He 's that good , is he ? Maybe I can find a job for him in my company . May like take a few decades to workout the damages but why not We 've only just begun . You think you 've seen all the damage we can dish out The guy who hired us is gonna smash your satellite into pieces before you have a chance to play with it If he 's that powerful , why is he so afraid to show himself ? Oh , he 's here . Oh yeah He 's fast Rhodey ! Take care of chuckles will you I won 't be long , I 've got a date with his employer What .. Ah .. Tony Have all staff except necessary personnel evacuate immediately ! - We 're about to launch the satellite ! - Yes , sir ! Who 's there ? Only authorized personnel are allowed in here ! The propellant is secure - Fuel update ! - Complete , sir ! - Launch pad status ! - Good to go ! - Fire flow complete ! - Countdown continuing . - 25 ... 24 ... 23 ... 22 ... 21 ... 20 ... 19 ... - Wind speed , eight miles per hour ! All systems are green ! Acknowledged ! Good morning . And goodbye . J.A.R.V.I.S. , What am I looking at ? Unknown phenomenon Sir . No reference in the database . Possible presence of corrosive biological cells . No one escapes . NO What ! ? Get away from that Sir power is dropping . Energy reserves at 55 % Who is this guy ? I 'm sorry Sir insufficient data , Genome DNA extract not possible , Cannot read base sequence Unknown gene region . Centrifuge is required to continue analysis . What kind of monster are you ! How could you sacrifice so many lives for a single satellite ? Say something ! The leaders of all fascist companies appear to have similar eyes . So I guess the costume isn 't the only thing that 's off about you People like you who place their faith in high-technology , should be placed in museums with the rest of the fossils . Actually , coffins would be better . You knew any better kid , I could till already that we 're not gonna be friends I am the future . The future ? Make no mistake , I will be dancing around your coffin as they drive in the final nail . I assure you Stark , you 're only delaying the inevitable I 'm not done with you yet ! Goodbye . He 's gone ! ... . What the hell is this ? Tony , where are you ? What happened down here ? What 's going on in this place ? I 'm done on my end ! Tony , are you down here somewhere ? - Don 't come any further ! - Are you in trouble ? What 's that ? Rhodey What 's the hell just happened ? The control tower 's been hit - Any signs of life Agent Hill ? - I 'm afraid not . Wait ! There 's ... There is some movement in the rubble ! I think it 's .. , Yes Sir , I have confirmation of one survivor Send Black Widow down imediately We need to get an idea of what we 're dealing with here Damn it ! Where are you , Rhodey ? Don 't mess with me Come on ! We 've got drinks pool-side in an hour you gonna make us late If you 're alive , answer me ! Natasha ! Help me find Rhodey ! Please ! Stark ! I 'm sorry Tony , but we need to get you out of here . Fury has ordered me to escort you to the Helicarrier . S.H.I.E.L.D. will keep looking for him The medical team will continue to search for survivors , but casualties are expected to rise to more than 300 people . Nick ! Rhodey died ! Right in front of me ! And so did a lot of other good people . Who the hell were these guys ? All our sensors were blocked by a very powerful electromagnetic field . Turned out you 're the only one who talked to them I was thinking you could give us some answers . There 's this deranged kid . His armor was strange.It was very advanced , I don 't think I 've ever ... .. seen anything quite like it . It was techno-organic more advanced than anything of mine Techno-organic armor ? I 'm gonna find this guy . And when I do , I 'm gonna make him pay for Rhodey ! What 's going on Nick ? What are you up to ? You 're not leaving this carrier , Stark . Not until S.H.I.E.L.D. has sorted out exactly what happened . Are you suggesting I had something to do with this ? We have more questions . What happened just now is being broadcast everywhere . It 's being played out on every news channel on every television across the planet . If we don 't provide an explanation more than one head at the Pentagon is gonna roll . But you know how Washington is and they can have it . They have enough heads . Believe me , they can afford to lose a few . That 's not the most important thing now . We need to get hold of that kid before he causes any more damage . Sorry Fury , got to go Go after him . Nick ! Will you call off your pit-bulls ? For God 's sake I don 't have time to mess around , and I 'm not gonna wait for them to launch another attack That 's too bad . I 'm the only one who has a chance against that little freak 's technology ! I don 't care if you don 't believe me , but I 'm telling you the truth , I 'm not enjoying this one bit . There are rules . And whether you like it or not , I happen to be duty-bound to obey them . There 'll be hell to pay if I let our only witness get himself killed . You should know by now I don 't follow the rules Homing missiles locked on and tracking Sir Thanks a lot for the update ! Wanna play ? Commander , he 's gone ! We 've lost him ! Seriously Sorry , Tasha . You bastard The armor that kid was wearing isn 't like anything I 've ever seen . I 'm gonna have to find its weakness . The Raiders failed . We 'll succeed next time If I had procured better information on the launch site The Howard would be dust by now , I don 't know if I have the talent for revolution that you do You shouldn 't give up in frustration . Your body has the DNA for it . There 's something I 've finally come to realize . Even with talent , you need chaos to give birth to a dancing star . I 'm not sure I have it . Someday , man will no longer give birth to any star . Their guard satellite can not and will not save them Nor can their false iron-idol saves them from their future Their history is already written I just have to overcome their defences . Tony Stark . Tony Stark . He 's in possession of a wide range of technological icons . And one of the high-tech graven images these people place on an altar to worship .. is his new satellite . - He 's the high priest of technology . - Yes . But it 's a conceit Technology and the people who give birth to it are nothing more than false idols , leading society to disaster . It 's a tiresome task . But these people must be taught the truth . - Tony - Pepper I need you Excuse me ? To check the black market for illegal bio-tech . You promised me a full week 's vacation ! And anyway , aren 't you supposed to be in Utah for the launch of that new satellite you developed ? I 'll make it up to you , Pep . I 'll tell you what I 'll do . I 'll get you a bigger villa and a whole support staff . Thanks , but you already gave me that to ... .. make up for losing last year 's vacation . I did ? Okay , then how about I buy you the entire island or something ? Come on It 's urgent . - What 's going on here ? - I 'll tell you inside . I mean who doesn 't want an island ? How long is it before the satellite goes online ? Everything should be active within four hours . We 're going to use it to find its maker . As of now , priority one is capturing the fugitive Iron Man . Poor Rhodey . What happened ? I can 't believe it he was such an idiot for letting that kid get him I could 've taken care of myself He didn 't need to come looking for me . The killer was a child ? Yeah , and an odd one There was something about him , something unhinged But he had some really advanced technology It 's like part of his suit was independent alive His sense of design isn 't really my cup of tea . But his results are . As you know , I 've dealt with some shady people in the past . But Rhodey was the exact opposite . He had a code he lived by . All the time I knew him , he never broke the rules or left the straight and narrow . I admired him . He really believed in the dream . Rhodey was a soldier , ... a hero , but still just a normal guy I 'm nothing but a rich playboy worlds we lived in were so different , it 's amazing we got along at all I guess I should let him win some of the time He was my best friend he needs to be avenged Tony ... . don 't be so hard on yourself That suit was made of technology I 've never seen before . Nanotechnology ? Biotechnology ? No . It was nowhere near as simple as that . He had inserted the integral DNA of living organisms into some kind of liquid metal that seems to respond to his his thoughts It couldn 't be done in a normal research facility . Could he somehow be using mutated cells ? No ! He 's synthesizing them in a molecule assembler ! If not , it wouldn 't be stable . Tony . I need you to authorize access . Stark , vocal authorization . Nanomachines , nanotechnology . Here 's something on human-mech hybrids . There 's research being done all over the world , but no one has announced a practical application could he be working with a black market supplier I haven 't heard of any successes , either . But I have to believe my own eyes . What I saw was a definite breakthrough . It merged biotechnology and mechatronics . Customized artificial neurons were working in conjunction with the human nervous system . He was controlling them perfectly . Advanced Idea Mechanics even back in the battle days ... .. they were pretty disreputable couldn 't pass our security audit They 've been researching bio-technological hybrid armors for a long time , in secret . According to this they 're involved in some seriously shady people Does your data indicate where their research facility is located ? The most recent activity is been in ... . Karachi , Pakistan ! That 's where you should look first Their front company poses as a warehouse for medical supplies . But actually , they 're involved with chemical warfare research and the sales of illegal weapons . I 've downloaded map coordinates go get them Thanks , Pepper . You can get back to your vacation now . Are you going to be okay ? He 's just a kid , I 'll be fine . Says the playboy billionaire who makes things go boom I do more than that , wanna come ? Well you make an interesting offer Mr. Stark Someone in this relationship has to keep their feet on the ground I see , after I save the world and this is all over Well , .. Maybe I 'll order that island for two Great Talk about bad timing Tony . Iron Man is not responding . All signals are being blocked . Damn it ! Teams Blue and Gold , cover all escape routes ! Team Red , move in on my command . Capture and contain ! - It 's S.H.I.E.L.D. What did you do this time ? - Something awful , I imagine . I suppose it 's too late to apologize . Confirming as target , Antony Edward Stark Checking profile Target identified Mr. Stark , please throw away your weapons and surrender immediately . There is no way for you to escape Give away your weapons immediately and be taken into custody Don 't make any aggressive moves We are authorized to use deadly force Repeat We are authorized to use deadly force This is your final warning Surrender immediately Repeat Surrender immediately Sorry , Nick . I don 't have time to waste right now . I 'll pay for the damages . I still have things to do . Fire . There goes my vacation Predictable ... . Didn 't Nick programed you to knock before you enter a room ? All Mandroids have lost position of Iron Man . Visual monitors are disabled . Switching to motion sensors . Hey , boys , I 'd love to keep playing . But I think it 's time I excuse myself . Sorry , Nick , but I had to do what I thought was necessary . I think I need to improve the AI on the Mandroids . After facing off with them , I have to say , they seem a little vulnerable All Mandroids have been destroyed . Get me special agents Hawk Eye and Black Widow Right away , sir . Tell me Miss Potts . Is your boss free any time in the near future ? I 'm afraid he 's fully booked for the foreseeable future at least . Of course . Being Tony Stark , he never follows his schedule . And he blames me for missing his appointments . There 's something I want to show you . I was trying to tell your crazy boss about this , but he appears to be blocking all communications . One day he 's going to go off half-cocked , and run into something unexpected he can 't handle . They herald the coming of the lightning , and perish as heralds . - Lo . - Lo . - I am a herald of the lightning . - I am a herald of the lightning . I feel good today . It 's so beautiful . With the Technovores , I will have great power . With the interface built into this armor I 'll be able to control any machine So . Are you ready to go ? Yes ... .. Yes . I will now be able to infect the satellite and bring it down . We will grind these oppressors to dust and I will be the liberator of all mankind We guarantee it 's effectiveness It 's up to you however as to where you want to use it . Obviously . Excellent . We have a deal , my friend . Tell your associates A.I.M. says hello . What 's wrong ? Shit ! The Punisher ! How did he track me ? We 're being blown to bits over here ! You need to send reinforcements right away ! What do you mean , 10 minutes ? Nobody 's gonna be alive here in 10 minutes ! We need them in 10 seconds ! What the hell do you think you 're doing ? Let me handle this , Castle . Why don 't you get the hell out of the way Iron-man This 's nothing to do with a rich idiot who dresses like a hot rod These guys are scum , they don 't deserve to live Frank listen , I know you have your own methods But I need him alive , I need answers I have all the answers I need . Get out of my way . Do not make me do something we 're both gonna regret Fine , go ahead . I appreciate it . All right . Let 's get this over with before the guy with the skull gets cranky I need to know about the person who hired you . Do you think a man from A.I.M. would give up the identity of his clients ? Come on , Stark ! You of all people should know what would happen if I were to do that ! Let me guess , you 'd never be able to do business again . Smart guy I figured , but thanks for the information anyway . Whiner So , neo-terrorists , war-lords , mercenaries , doomsday extremists Let 's see who you 've been dealing with . Ezekiel ? Why does that .. Wait a minute ! I know that name ! But it can 't be him It 's immpossible I 've got a file on him , if it 's of any use to you . - You 're sure ? - I 've been after that guy for a while As an ally , you 'd let me read that file ? You ! You 're an ally ? I don 't do the team-up thing , if that 's what you 're thinking I guess our job is done . Let 's get the hell out of here . How can you drink this coffee ? It tastes like crap . It 's military issue . Gets the job done , keeps you alert Oh really ... . so it jump your cables in the right place Here 's the file Ezekiel Stane ... Stane ! Wait ! Obadiah Stane 's son ? I take it you know the kid 's old man Come to think of it , weren 't you two in bed together Obadiah went crazy . I had no choice at the time . I had to kill him . Are you telling me he 's that Ezekiel Stane ? The kid was supposed to have died in an airplane accident years ago ! It was in all the papers , I went to his funeral His father had a lot of assets hidden around the world . Having inherited all that , I 'm sure a rich kid like that would know how to put it to good use . Nowadays , a little cash can make the impossible possible . Believe me I know that better than most Looks to me like he 's been burying his trail for a long time And now he shows up in the form of a sociopathic super-genius . There are rumors he injected his brain with nanobots to make himself smarter .. Than he already was . My research says that he 's involved in a wide range of shady dealings . From synthetic drugs to nanotechnology . One of his interests is techno-organic armor . I could 've guessed that He won 't be an easy opponent to handle . I 've been after him for six months and I haven 't been able to pin him down . - Let me try something . - What are you looking for ? I 'm hacking directly into the S.H.I.E.L.D. network . I figure if I cross-reference your file with the data in the network I might be able to find out where he is . Right maybe you will lead Fury right to us Thirty miles to Karachi . Agent Romanov , and agent Barton listen up It 's been confirmed that our target Tony Stark has joined forces with Frank Castle , The vigilante known as " The Punisher " That guy ? ... . Oh boy I don 't think I brought along enough arrows for this . I want to get out of this country as quickly as possible . If it 's discovered that we 're violating the airspace of a sovereign nation , it 'll cause an international incident . You have 40 minutes to complete the mission and get back to the Helicarrier . Shanghai ? It doesn 't add up , What would he know about a place like that ? We had a weapons research center there , until I decided to close it down a few years ago . And someone bought the property and built a luxury hotel on site with a penthouse suite for wealthy VIPs . The hotel 's privacy is as tight as a Swiss bank . The land itself was purchased by non other than Obadiah Stane . It must be nice to have money , right Stark ? Well it certainly doesn 't hurt , thanks Frank . Next time I see you , I 'll bring the best therapist money can buy Looks like your friends are here Of course they are , I knew they 'd come , sooner or later . If you wanna make a run for it They 'll be after me Good luck Hey ... Wait ! There is an object approaching from behind . Is it a rocket ? Negative . Man I 'm good Hawkeye and his freakin ' trick arrows Analyzing system So glad I installed a protective force field . Give up , Stark , and come with us to see the Director . You really think he 's going to come along willingly ? System error . Initiating forced shutdown . Hold on , wait a minute ! Stop fighting . There 's no way you can win this . You might as well accept it . We 're gonna take you in whether you like it or not . You need to know in the Helicarrier 's medical bay is ... Look out You 're not too good at this , are you ? - Widow , he 's getting away ! - No shit Tell me something . Are you trying to be as obvious as you can ? What 's the matter hero ? I thought you liked the attention . Not when I look like five miles of bad road ! Well then , you better hang on What are you , crazy ? It 's over , Stark ! If you join forces with a captain crazy go nuts .. No-one 's gonna take you seriously as a hero , know what I mean Arrows ! ... really Don 't do it , Frank ! They 're just following orders ! Don 't worry , I 'm not trying to kill them ! They don 't need their knee-caps to breath Damn - You 've got it ? - Yeah I 've got this The ride is over pal All right , guys ! You know where this next one is going , so you 'd better come out ! We hear you . But before we do , here 's a little gift ! Bastard ! Drop the piece Black Widow or Robin Hood here gets two in the back of the head I won 't ask again Atta girl . You , too sweet heart Fine ... psycho Don 't think you 're getting away with this though . Bunch of bleeding-heart S.H.I.E.L.D. weaklings ! Tell Nick I said he 's gone soft Whose soft now Unless you wanna tunnel boarding your head , I 'd throw your guns away ! Go a head if you have the stones , pretty boy I guess I was able to buy enough time . Power reserves now are at 40 % . About time , redirect force field reserves to thrusters . As you wish Where you 're going Oh ... Man Give it up , he 's out of range I really hate that guy Power reserves fully recovered . All systems are now optimal . I 've wasted too much time . Here he goes Fury is not gonna be happy At least we got the Punisher ... Right Next time Stark asks for help ... . I 'm gonna put a bullet in him I hear a soft breeze . And that wind gathers another soft wind . I must tread carefully now so as not to disturb the ballance I can sense our destiny We come together with that wind Listen carefully Sasha Can you hear it ? J.A.R.V.I.S. , have you got anything ? Readings are unclear , massive interference . However , there is a slight disturbance . Possible living organism . Thanks for narrowing it down Hey boy ! I came to see you . Why don 't you turn the lights on for me ? Once when I was young , I did something bad I hid in a dark room for so long , I couldn 't find my way out After a while , my mom , came to look for me . She was worried sick . - Did your parents do the same for you ? - I 've never needed to hide The air has shifted five meters behind you . And the room temperature changed slightly . Where did you get your tech from ? I ask because it 's pretty advanced Especially for someone your age You know it 's not too late to fix this , Turn yourself in to S.H.I.E.L.D. and I promise I 'll help you No more hiding in the dark I don 't hide from anyone . You 're simply weren 't looking in the right place . Really ? This is starting to feel more and more like a kid 's game to me . I told you already , I 've never needed to hide And my father that you speak of , I suspect you know who he is . You might as well say his name . - Obadiah ! - That is correct . Yeah ... Ok , that is more than just a little creepy - You want revenge ? - Revenge ? Why would I want that ? Because I killed him . You know that . Oh ... Wait , that 's right . You were involved , weren 't you ? I remember now . Had you forgotten that ? It wasn 't as important an event in my life as you might imagine . We weren 't really all that close . Then why are you targeting me ? - You really think a lot of yourself , don 't you ? - What ? I wasn 't targeting you specifically . You just happened to be standing in my way . I don 't understand . What are you saying ? You killed my best friend Worst than that you don 't think you did anything wrong , do you ? Rapid power decrease . System error detected . What 's going on ? Synthetic alloys and unknown biological entities have invaded the system . Technovores . Power source and all sensors have been compromised . Technovores ? This armor is pretty well made . Who do you think made it ? Who would 've thought . For someone like you , it 's good . I realize you can 't move . But believe me , Sasha will still be impressed . Sasha ? I know I 'm different from the rest of you Don 't you have anything to say ? Like how you think Tony Stark is a genius ? It 's very well made , for you people , that is . What does that mean " you people " ? Adam and Eve ate the forbidden fruit , and as a result , they were expelled from the Garden of Eden . 160,000 years ago in Africa , Mitochondrial Eve was born . The ancestor of humankind . Very impressive . Did you study the history of mankind in college ? Now there are over seven billion people on Earth . What does that have to do with anything ? You asked what I meant when I said " you people . " That 's what I was referring to . You talk as though you 're not a part of the human race . That 's exactly how I feel . I know I 'm different from the rest of you . - Then what are you ? - It 's somewhat hard to describe , really . But if I were forced to explain it in words , I guess I would be the wind . Well , you certainly are blowing crazy all over the place You 're hurting Sasha 's feelings Who is this " Sasha " you keep referring to ? A gentle breeze that caresses your skin . And ruffles up the grass and trees . I still have no idea what you 're talking about . But I 'm beginning to understand one thing ... . Obadiah didn 't spend near enough on your therapist You represent the dinosaurs of the past . I , however , represent the future . Hey , didn 't know a guy from the foredays ? You should consider retirement . That sounds pretty good to me . I could relax in a nice , quiet place . In fact , I actually tried that once . My personal assistant just won 't let me . Always half the cup with you You 're time is over , you understand the situation , don 't you ? New wind , new future . A brand new world is created to go with the brand new future . A completely new technology will be created . The old will die out , and the new will be born . That is the providence of nature . A superior technology to that of man . Howard will be the firey arrow that announces the new reality . You should be honored . The wind that follows is going to blow away your most advanced technology . Howard will be the shot that leads the way . Well .. , Obadiah was lucky he didn 't hang around long enough to see this . The birth of mankind . Refinement of steel ... . Computers , biotechnology . The things you call old technology have all been linked and accumulated to create your " technovore . " It 's not new at all . The truth is , it 's only been born and exists because of the past . You think you represent a brand new form of existence ? You 're mistaken , kid . You 're no more advanced than the rest of us . You were born from human parents . So ? You 're just a petulant child throwing temper tantrums , And just like a child , if you 've been bad , it 's an adult 's responsibility to teach you the error of your ways . And you would do that ? I don 't think so . Thank you for the offer Systems have been partially restored . Where ? Search for the area that 's functional ! The missiles ! Locked on target , Sir . Foolish man . Do you know what will be written on the brass plate For your exhibit in the museum ? " Here lies a fragment of Iron Man . " But only if someone is able to identify those fragments after I blow you up . I don 't want to put the curators of the museum to that much trouble ! Yes ... well , it 's time for goodbye Tony Stark There 's still quite a bit of work to do . What 's wrong , kid ? Invading technovore now being removed . Restarting system , restoring circuits . Energy charge in three , two , one , complete . What 's the matter ? You look like you 're in trouble . I don 't believe I am . The future is full of uncertain elements . It 's okay to ask for help from your betters Send energy to the reactor , Deploy force field Hey , where did you go , boy ? I thought you didn 't hide What , is that all you 've got ? You can 't break me ... And you 're unable to change the future because that timeline 's already written . It 's a good thing your father 's not here to witness this all play out . - That 's enough , Stark ! - Great It took long enough but we finally caught up with you ! You 're coming in with us to see the Director or I 'm gonna add an extra hole into your head ! All right , Hawkeye . You made your point . I 'll go , but only if she takes me in . You only got 98 on your test ? Without a perfect score , you 're the same as any other student Go to your room and reflect on your shortcomings until dinner . I thought you were much better than this ! I 'm disappointed ! Did you listen to me ? I told you to never touch my armor ! You little fool ! This equipment is worth 10 times as much as you ! My God ! I can 't believe what I 'm seeing ! Rhodey survived that attack ? Has he woken up at all ? He 's being kept alive by the life-support system but so far we haven 't ... Hey , Rhodey ! Rhodey , can you hear me ? If you don 't wake up you 're gonna die a loser ! You can 't die without beating me in a race at least once ! - That will be embarrasing ! - Tony ... Wait a minute ! How ' bout this ? If you wake up I 'll concede the next race to you ! But it 's a one time offer I 'll introduce you to a beautiful woman , too ! You just tell me which model on which page of that magazine you were looking at anyone at all Except the girl on page 10 , and 12 and 13 Oh and 18 to 22 But other than that , anyone you want ! All stations ! Unknown program is hacking into our system ! - Shutting down comms ! - Starting antivirus program ! Initiating defense protocols ! How are the main servers ? We can 't stop it . Someone breached our security and is invading our systems . Technovores . - Ezekiel 's Technovores are the invaders . - What ? I 'm sure the servers have been taken over by now . It 's too late . He 's gone ! So where did he go ? The Howard is under attack ! What 's happening ? Initiate Guardian program ! It won 't start ! The firewall is about to be breached ! If we don 't do something immediately , all the systems in Howard will be taken over ! I 'm right here . Look around for me . My , my . You 're not very observant . I 'm right beside you . - Above us ! - I see it - Tasha , Are you okay ? - Yeah I think you 've got him Ok , Here is the problem Howard has the power to access every computer in the world . Including military satellites . Exactly . He 's planning to make Howard ... the source to hack into the world 's military satellites and control them . Ezekiel called it The Wind . The wind ? He 's planning to wipe out every living thing on this planet ! - What happened to the server room ? - I haven 't been able to get a response . Stark ! What are you planning to do ? I 'm going to fix the computer so we can use it . If I can divert the power of the arc reactor and aim it at the Technovores , I can annihilate them . I 'm pretty sure I can survive for five minutes without this old heart of mine . After that , ... I 'm gonna need a jump start Look we 're both in the dark here So what do you wanna do ? I guess we should return to the bridge . Ezekiel is definitely coming after us . Warning ! Sir Power reserves decreasing rapidly ! Ezekiel ! He 's here ! Hi there , " Old Man " Tony ! Stop this , now ! Where are Hawkeye and Black Widow ? - They 're tucked away safe and sound . - What ? - Don 't worry about them . - Connect it . Good , Maria . Now re-boot the Howard . - Rebooting Howard , sir ! The Guardian program has also been initiated ! - You people are determined to get in my way aren 't you ? Ezekiel ... ... Come here . Sit down . You and I are gonna have a talk ! Right now ! No matter what you think about your father I can tell you Obadiah loved you very much . It was a pretty straight forward relationship . He was human and you were his son ! Was that all ? Isn 't that enough ? You 'll achieve nothing if you throw away your past . I have personal experience . I was only able to move forward by accepting my father . And you 'll only create a new world by accepting the past and building on it . A relic like you is lecturing me about the future ? How amusing ... Why should I listen to someone irrelevant ? It 's the Technovores ! Why ... Why you betrayed me ? Together , we could have defeated them . I can 't see anything , feel anything . - Sorry , Ezekiel . - The wind has stopped . I 've lost all instruments ! I have no control over the helicarrier ! It 's losing altitude ! Shoot it ! Come over here ! This way , you bastard ! Any time , Hill Reactor detected . Power reserve at 15 percent . I have that much ? That 's it , pal . Playtime is over ! Propulsive force still inoperable ! Too many engines are offline ! Where are we going down ? Shanghai , China ! Contact the Chinese government ! Have them evacuate everyone ! Tony , becareful up there Power dropping rapidly Sir ! Now entering red zone ! I 'm afraid it is an emergency Thanks J.A.R.V.I.S. I can always count on you to state the obvious Brace for impact System error Sir ! You 're in imminent danger ! This is probably gonna hurt a lot War Machine , is that you ? Sorry I guess I must 've overslept ! I guess I 'll really have to hook you up with those women when this is all over - Rhodey ... - How did he ... Oh .. Thank goodness Wait , Rhodey ! What the hell ... Tony , What is that ? Beats the hell out of me , probably someone dosn 't wanna be friends Whatever it is , we need to put an end to it , right now ! Let 's go ! Technovore has been liberated The lower casts of society will surely see our glory now that the veil has beeen lifted Technovore open the road for our infinite multitudes The world will be purified by Technovore Technovore has been liberated The lower casts of society will surely see our glory now that the veil has beeen lifted Technovore open the road for our infinite multitudes The world will be purified by Technovore Technovore has been liberated - The lower casts of society will surely see our glory ... . - Ezekiel Power reserves at seven percent , Sir Well into the red zone ! I 'm afraid you must re-charge immediately ! What the hell is that thing saying ? Rhodey ! Do you understand what 's going on ? We have to conserve our energy resources ! But we can 't just let him destroy everything ! Stop wasting bullets ! What are you talking about ? What are we supposed to do then ? I don 't know what we can do ! I 'm trying to think of something ! The world will be purified by Technovore We 've lost control of the Howard ! The time for ignorance has past - We will move toward the time .. - He 's replicated it He 's using the Howard to control all the other military satellites in orbit ! I 'm confused ! What 's this all about ? Is he going to attack ? Come on Tony , it 's now or never you can do this You just have to pull it together , you can take this kid down and end this nightmare All of the military satellites have been repositioned ! He 's preparing to attack ! Our venture is on its way it will make a breakthrough we must stand ... . He 's completely insane . He 's going to destroy the world . Tony , you are gonna be able to clone us right ? - What ? - You know after this thing kills us Believe or not , that 's not the stangest thing I 've heared today I was hoping may be Pepper could use one of your due hickies Mmm ... whatever is left of us Wait a minute . Pepper ! Wills ... Leaving something behind ... Of course ! - Pepper ! Pepp , can you hear me ? - Yes , I 'm here . You think you can help your old boss out one last time ? Anything but dictation . You 're an amazing assisstant Pepper , you really are But you know me , it 's a little more complicated than that I 'm not surprised . You can 't do anything without my input . I want to give you a present before I die . What 's the one thing you 've never had since I 've known you ? What do you truly want , more than anything else ? What do I want more than anything else ? That 's easy . What I want is a vacation ! Voice print identified , Virgenia Potts Vacation . Vacation . Vacation . Vacation . Vacation . We 're starting to regain control of the satellite I left a back door when I wrote the Howard software What back door ? I hid it in the initial design I 'm an arrogant bastard sometimes , but I learned long ago not to be stupid I programmed a way into the satellite to protect it from unauthorized users . When did you set up my voice as the password ? What can I say , you talk in your sleep - I don 't remember that . - It 's pretty cute But I was able to uplink my armor to the Howard at the time . You 've earned that vacation twice over . I 'll need that in writing , Mr. Stark The particle-beam cannon on the Chinese military satellite is about to fire I 'm only able to control one satellite and I won 't have control for long ! I want to show this guy something I have that he doesn 't ! Are you out of your mind ? What are you gonna do ? This is gonna be our last chance , so listen up ! Spread this message .. Repeat The Technovores are trying to take over the Howard by hacking in ! How much time do we have ? Less than a minute I 'm counting on you Rhodey . Okay ? All right , J.A.R.V.I.S. , pull the trigger ! As you wish Sir Don 't do this Here we go ! Hope your little nap didn 't affect your aim ! Aim at what ? Salvation is on its way , it will make a wonderful world . We must stand together Ok Tony , it 's all set Rhodey ! This is it ! You 've only got one chance ! I need you to shoot me . Aim for my arc reactor ! Come on Colonel - Careful ... - Laser array ready to launch ! Rhodey , we have no time ! You have to shoot ! Do it now ! It 's our last chance before the world ends . Shoot ! Lasers , armed and ready ! Rhodey ! Shoot damn it Tony , please don 't make me do this Just shoot already , Everything should work now ! Fire We must pursue progress in a sure , fast and liberal manner It can be the darkness before the dawn Tony ! Yeah , the last thing I can remember is watching the bombs go off . I still have no idea what that psycho was talking about half the time But at least the technovores repaired you before trying to take over your system They saved your life . Lucky for me Now you have to recover ! Which I 'm sure will be pool-side in some swanky european villa That would be fine if he still had a swanky european villa It did get a little blown up while I was on the run from Fury No more Avengering for you , untill I get a new one Sounds pretty good to me Ok .. do I need to get the crowbar to get this thing off of you Or are you here basking Come on Miss Potts , you really not going to let me enjoy this Especially since I just saved the world If I remember correctly you promised me a vacation , Mr Stark . Where do you wanna go ? - Skiing in Asgard , Safari in the Savage Land - What ? Let 's take a vacation . Just the two of us . How ' bout it ? Is that an order , boss ? No . It 's more like a suggestion . Well then , I suggest you and I pack up . He 's finally stabilized last night . There 's been no brain activity , he 's remained unresponsive to our stimuli " I 've come to early " he said My time is not yet This tremendous event is still on its way .. .. Still wandering . It has not yet reached the ears of men . Deeds , though done , still require time to be seen and heard . This deed is still more distant from them than the most distant of stars . Still , they were able to do the deed . According to the people , this insane man forced his way into various churches that day ... singing , The wind
