 If you are watching this , then you know very well that the Observers have invaded . Previously on Fringe : You can 't go back to Harvard . We can 't get in . It was taken over by Observers . Well , that 's not a problem . Tunnels . Two-and-one-quarter miles of tunnels that house the steam pipes that heat Harvard . I must have ambered it . My Betamax recorder . I don 't think I wrote anything down . I think I was making a video . This plan will restore us and rid the world of the Observers . You must recover each tape and follow the instructions to retrieve all the parts of the plan . You are humanity 's only hope . Slowly . Suddenly you have all the finesse of a butcher . Walter , do you want me to do this or not ? This work requires a surgeon 's touch . I 'm more than happy to let you take over . Fine . Proceed . But it 's on your shoulders . Not even warped from the heat . - Not bad for a butcher . - Walter ? That 's more fuel for the van . I have tape number one . - Have you watched it ? No . I 've only just liberated it . Shall we have a look ? I had a prescription , it was medicinal . Welcome to Tape 3 of my plan ... - What about 1 and 2 ? - ... to defeat the Observers - Walter , you stored the tapes out of order . - Shocker . - -Videotapes must be retrieved . This tape will explain one of the most crucial elements that you will need . You need to find your way to Pennsylvania . Latitude and longitude coordinates 49 degrees , 20 minutes , 2 seconds north ... 79 degrees , 12 minutes and 32 seconds west . When you arrive- - - Really ? - See if you can rewind the coordinates . Forty-one degrees , 20 minutes , 2 seconds north 79 degrees , 12 minutes , 32 seconds west . - Are you sure ? - She 's sure . Walter . Do you recognize the location ? I 'm sorry . If I 've been there , it 's been wiped from my mind ... along with the other pieces of my plan to beat the Observers . Hm . The entire area is undeveloped . There 's nothing around it for miles . How are roads in and out of Pennsylvania ? Think we can get there safely ? We 'd need to avoid checkpoints . Long way , considering we don 't know what we 're looking for . Or if it 's still even there . - Whatever it is . - Hey , Walter . You think we might be able to jog your memory if we just- - ? I don 't think I should travel . My feet are swollen from standing in front of the amber all day . I 'll stay here for a bit and regroup . What ? Walter , are you all right ? - I 'm fairly certain I have a blood clot because somebody wouldn 't stop at Scranton to let me stretch my legs . Walter , we 're fugitives . We can 't stop every five minutes to keep you limber . This is it ? Yes . This is exactly where we 're supposed to be . So , what were you doing out here 21 years ago ? Is that what we 're out here to find ? I 'm telling you , it was a wicked tree dwarf . And I 'm telling you it was a kid . I saw him . He looked right at me . You know , I used to imagine this . Going on a mission with you . You have no idea how many battles we won together . You know , it 's a lot to live up to . No . You 're even more than I imagined . Definitely not dwarves . Don 't touch them . It could be communicable . Stop right there . Dr. Walter Bishop . The three of you . You haven 't aged a day . You 're supposed to be dead a long time ago . We were trapped in amber for 21 years . My name is Edwin . You were exposed when you got here . I 'm supposed to retrieve something here , Edwin . Something very important . You seem to know me . Have we met here before ? No . At least not in the way that you think . It 's electromagnetic discharge . What is this place ? - You 're looking at history . - Whose ? Ours . Yours . Mankind 's . These are data cubes . Stored on them are accounts of every major historical event from the day of the invasion onward . - You have files on us . - Of course . You 're relevant . We gather important information from around the world and record it . Hm . You have a healthy lore about you . My son , River , is something of an expert on the Fringe Division . We were a group of refugees from the cities . My father started this historical record . He believed our history , like that of other conquered races before us would be rewritten by our oppressors . Someone has to survive to tell mankind 's story . What happened to all of you ? Your skin . You said we 've already been exposed . We noticed it after we settled . Small patches at first . And then , over time , it spread . Something to do with this area . We thought it was the drinking water ... - ... or the soil . - Why didn 't you evacuate ? What we do here is important . Even after we became afflicted , we couldn 't leave . It 's all here . Everything . We can 't move it . We can 't travel the way we look . We don 't wanna draw attention . We just wanna be left alone to record history . No one wants to come here which is perfect for us . You 're the first in a very long time . But you and your team should leave . Unless you wanna look like us . We can 't . There was a plan to defeat the invaders . I mean , there is a plan to defeat the invaders . And I believe it will be successful . But I don 't remember it . But I know that I am supposed to get something from here . I 've been here before . I must have . Search Bishop , Walter . If you 've ever set foot in this camp before , it would be documented . Hi . Hi . What 's your name ? River . Wow , where did these come from ? I made them . Can you sign them ? - These are really good . - Yeah . You fought them when they came . You didn 't hide , like we did . You 're heroes . I have a lot of different editions from stories I 've heard . A lot of them I even made up . I wish I was around during your time . When there were real heroes . Well , kiddo , you 're my hero for giving me a nice , strong jawline . - -Minutes and 32 seconds west . Now , when you arrive at the designated place ... you will need to locate a- - - -you arrive at the designated place , you will need to locate a- - - -You will need to locate a- -To locate a mine . - -Locate a mine . - Hello ? - Olivia , I need to speak to Walter . Sure . Walter . - It 's Astrid . - Yes . What is it ? - Did you find anything in the archive ? - Nothing . There is absolutely no record of me being here whatsoever . Okay . Well , I found something . Walter , is there a mine where you are ? Mime . The only mime that I know of is Marcel Marceau . - What 's he got to do with any of this ? - No , a mine . You said " mine , " M-I-N-E , on the tape . Whatever you 're supposed to find , it 's in a mine . - Do you have a mine , M-I-N-E , here ? - Yes . It was a gold mine . These men have something to report . Where ? Rural Pennsylvania . In 1923 , a mine collapsed in Peru . The trapped survivors were forced to nourish themselves on the dead . Thanks for that , Walter . - But I 'm sure that won 't be the case here . Finding gold in an abandoned gold mine is not gonna be easy . I don 't know that it 's gold . Whatever it is , it 's in here . I 'll Climb down . That secure ? There 's something on the other end . Can you give me a hand ? Yep . People have been coming in and out of this mine for 21 years . Doubt it 's just gonna be waiting for us . Nothing is that easy . Oh , oh , oh . Snagged on something . Looks like he was trying to climb back up . Same bark-like growths as on the people here . - But worse . - I assumed what afflicted these people was some sort of fungus , but I was wrong . These tissues show signs of calcification . Perhaps whatever was causing the condition of the people in the camp is emanating from this mine . The closer one gets to the source , the more intense the reaction is . No one can survive down there . Until I 've conducted an analysis we have to turn back . - This is Anil . - I have something for you . Something important . Etta and her team have been located . Thank you . Is anybody else starving ? Here . What 's that ? - It 's an apple . No , thank you . Yum-yum . Do you remember that amazing apple pie we had just after the invasion ? We were in Boston someone had told us about the shelter for lost children . We were looking for a place to eat and we found that dingy little restaurant . The cook was a mad genius . What was that guy 's name ? I don 't know . You don 't remember ? Yep . Well , that 's a first . I don 't remember . It was the name of the restaurant . Started with a D. It was like , Dante 's or Dominic 's or something like that . - You really don 't remember ? - No , I really don 't remember . The air sample is ready . Hm . I think I know what happened here . This man died of asphyxiation . Every pore on his body is completely sealed . His body was trying to protect itself against the airborne corrosive . Somehow , its pH has been radically altered . Apparently it gets much worse the deeper one goes into the mine . What we 're looking for cause this ? - Quite unlikely . If I had to theorize it 's high levels of CO2 and other gases introduced to the atmosphere by the Observers . From those machines in Central Park . How would that affect Edwin and his people ? Well , they 're far enough away from the source receiving only incremental doses . However , prolonged exposure has created a drastic immune response . Well , imagine an extreme form of psoriasis . Not as extreme as our unfortunate miner friend here . Dr. Bishop . I 've found an entry I think you 'll wanna see . Five weeks after the invasion a man came , went down into the mine and gathered several rocks , it says with a reddish hue . - Was this man called September ? - No . My father has it recorded as a man , late 30s , dark hair . His name was Donald . Says he was waiting for a scientist from Boston . - I was thinking perhaps that was you ? - I don 't know any Donald . Well , maybe you just don 't remember . If he was part of the plan you lost , then it stands to reason- - No , no . I don 't understand . Why would you record this , a man collecting rocks ? Why is it important ? It was recorded because of what happened to him . He was taken away against his will by two invaders . So they weren 't happy that he 'd taken those rocks . Why the hell would I want rocks ? Your hand , Walter . It 's on your skin . Yours too . We 're lucky . It hasn 't rooted into the dermis yet . But I 'm afraid that won 't last . Okay , well , how long until it isn 't removable ? Until it isn 't . Dr. Bishop . Good , good , good . Excellent , excellent . Over here . Thank you very much . I am going to build a suit that will allow us to go into the mine . According to the arm we 'd need skin 300 layers thicker than a rhino to enter the mine . So I 'm trying to ascertain a metal or an alloy we can use for the suit 's lining . And in the meantime , I need you to go back to the van . - Because I need the weather stripping . - Sure . - Hey , Anil ? - I got a call from one of our operatives . The Loyalists are tracking you . You 've got to move . Did I upset you ? Earlier . When I was talking about the restaurant . Seemed like you were upset . I know you don 't forget names . Donovan 's . That was the name of the restaurant . It 's not that I can 't remember . It 's that I can 't forget . Remember when we couldn 't find her that day you drew a plan on a napkin ? Yeah , of course I do . You were talking about going up to Maine to this refugee camp that you 'd heard about . And I was looking at you and nodding , in my head I was thinking , " I can 't go . " Behind you , you couldn 't see it , there was a wall of Missing Person flyers . You know , with every day the odds of finding our little girl the way we wanted to were getting worse . And we didn 't talk about it . I couldn 't put it into words then , but I felt responsible . Responsible how ? I wanted so much to be a mother but I just didn 't think that I was programmed that way . That I was destined for something else . Ever since I was a kid , since the Cortexiphan trials , I just- - I was at odds . So how could I have this incredible little girl ? So when we lost her , I felt like that was my punishment . My punishment for being too conflicted to appreciate her when we had her . And that day at the restaurant I knew that I had to go back to New York because I didn 't want to find what I knew we were going to find . I just- - I just believed so strongly that she was dead . And I didn 't want to see it . You thought I went back because of my strength . She said that she admired me today . Olivia . I saw how you were with our little girl . I know how much you love her . And I 'm not telling you to forget it , but the past is the past . Don 't let it get in the way of this . I don 't know why it 's happening but our family got a second chance . So I 'm gonna take it . Hey , guys . We have a problem . The Observers are tracking us . Hand me the seal . Walter , how long until the suit is finished ? I 'm going as fast as I can . Why ? The Observers know that we 're in the area . They saw us on the highway when we stopped . Near route 11 . - You need to leave . - I need one more material , copper . There 's only three roads you could- - Jonathan says there 's an encampment which trades metals . No . You 're not listening . We have until morning before they find us . They 'll destroy everything . All our work will be lost . You need to go now . - If we can get down to that camp . - Forget that camp . They won 't trade with anyone they don 't know . You know them . You 've talked to them on your radio . You have contacts in that camp ? I 've communicated with them by radio . But only when it suits them . They don 't even know who I am . They don 't want people going into their quadrant , that I know . The way I see it , you 're our only chance . They don 't know us . Look , I 'm armed . I 'll go with you . - We can barter . - Barter with what ? What do you have ? I 've got some antibiotics , medicine . Go back to Boston . Make the suit there and come back when it 's safe . Baldies took away this Donald when he went into that mine to get the rocks . They read you , find we 're looking for the same thing , they 'll seal it permanently . You don 't even know what the rocks are for . You 're putting all of us at risk . I want to help you . I do . But what happens if I don 't come back ? You may be used to facing death all the time , but I 'm not . These are bad people . We may never make it back from their camp . I have a lot to lose , you know . I know you do . The rocks in that mine are important . And it 's true , we don 't know what they do . But Walter will figure it out . And when he does , we 're one step closer to defeating the invaders . I 'm not afraid to die . I just don 't know how to say goodbye to my son . All right . What do you need me to do ? Get on your radio . Tell them we 're coming . Break , break , break . Kilo-Alpha 42 , come in . Looking to barter . Over . Kilo-Alpha 42 . Is anyone out there ? Over . This is Kilo-Alpha . What 's your business ? I need copper . We don 't have copper . Let me speak to Ivan . Tire tread . Matches the make and model of the van they were in . Where does this road lead ? Higher into the mountains . River ? Look at me , son . What you saw back there in that tent ... There 's a lot more to the word " coward " and the word " hero " than you think . It 's complicated . You 're not a coward if you 're frightened . That 's not what it means . You 're a coward if you know what needs to be done and you don 't do it . I was telling that man out there that I have a lot to lose . Our work , the life we have here . You . I told him I love you so much , I wouldn 't know how to say goodbye . When your mother got sick I promised her I 'd protect you no matter what . But I 'm conflicted . There 's a time for recording history and there 's a time for making it . We don 't get a lot of opportunities up here to make it . I 've decided to help them to do my part . I don 't wanna lose you . I don 't wanna lose you , either . But protecting you means making sure there 's a world out there that you can thrive in . I love you so much . It 's okay , Dad . I understand . No , you don 't . But you will one day when you have children of your own . The mineral you are looking for is a crystallized form of quartz that contains , in perfect proportion- - - -will unlock its potential and create a powerful energy source . I will explicitly outline these refining methods in Tape 6 . Or 7 . Without this energy source we will not be able to implement the final phase of our plan . To my best calculations , we 'll need at least ... 18 kilograms of the crystals . That is about 40 pounds in imperial measures . - Did you get all that ? - Yeah . Thanks , Astrid . Hopefully , the suit will be strong enough to bring up 40 pounds . Hey . Contact the camp ? Yes . They found copper and they 're willing to trade . - How much copper ? - Two kilos . That 's plenty . Too much even . Okay . Let 's go . I can 't . You 're looking for Ivan . You can give him these for the copper . They 're schematics for our solar technology . I 'm not coming with you . I 'm sorry . They 'll trade for those . They 're valuable . This will get you to the camp . Good luck . Don 't worry about it . We 'll be back soon . Wait . Be careful . I don 't understand . This is exactly where he told us to go . - He said he knew where their camp was . - Well , why would he send us here ? Maybe he never wanted us to find the camp . Edwin ? What was that ? It 's the mine . There was no copper . When he called their camp , they didn 't have copper . It was the only way to get what you need . You got what you came for , now leave , before the invaders find you here . A hero died today sacrificing himself in order to get the Fringe team resources they need to save our world . Edwin Massey , the recorder of history , made history . - Where did you get this vehicle ? - I found it on the side of the road . The keys were in the ignition . I didn 't steal it . He will be greatly missed . Like other great men before him he gave his life selflessly in pursuit of freedom and a better future . Now , this is a ride .
