 Previously on Fringe : No , no , no ! Our daughter dedicated her life to freeing us . Now we 're gonna dedicate ours to making sure that means something . I want that too . I wasn 't gonna stay for that much longer . - I just needed to see her . - It 's fine that you come here . Just tell me . I wanna understand what you 're going through . You 're right . Their abilities are added by tech . Well , hello there . You are nothing . I would be 10 times what you are if I had that tech in my head ! I know what you have done . You do not realize what is happening to you . Excuse me . There 's Mueller . Call to him . Ride with us . There 's something that I want to show you . I have a meeting . - You can be late . This will not take long . Come on ! Hey , get out of the way ! Move ! Excuse me . Peter , what 's up ? Anil , I 'm gonna need your help with something . What took so long ? You 've been gone for over two hours . He wasn 't as interested in bartering as I anticipated . It took some convincing . Gasoline for Neon Helium seemed like a fair trade to me . You only got four . It 'll have to do . - Hey . - You 're back . Ah , great , Peter . More laser fuel . I 'll hook this up after breakfast . Get started . The world 's not going to save itself . - Chop , chop . - You left without me . I wanted to go with you . It was so early , you were sleeping , I didn 't wanna wake you . That 's one way to put it . The other is that you didn 't sleep . Again . That 's true . I couldn 't sleep , but I 'm fine . You need to sleep , Peter . - On the roof . - Follow me ! We 're okay . This is tape five of my plan to defeat the Observers . This is what you must achieve next . These cylinders were designed by the invaders . They are beacons that allow them to locate different points in space-time . You will need two of them . This is where you will find them . I know that building . That was one of our labs at Kelvin Genetics . Belly and I designed it . From the east entrance , follow the hallway . Two yellow doors will lead to a staircase . At the bottom of that staircase you 'll find the private storage of William Bell . At the time of recording this Bell was keeping two Observer cylinders in that storage facility . You must retrieve them . The doors are made of reinforced steel and can be unlocked with Bell 's handprint . That 's why you took Bell 's hand when you were freed from the amber . You said it was for a storage facility . It was for this . - -or if you learn that he is dead , you will have to unlock- - So that 's why he was with us in the amber . I needed him to get the cylinders . Your freedom depends on it . - Walter , that 's not the only reason . - Hmm ? Well , before the invasion , you had been talking with Bell . He said that that he wanted to help you defeat the Observers . That he realized how important this was . Then he betrayed us to gain favor with them . I do remember something about this . He came and I trusted him . There was another man . He had an accent . I was being tortured . They kept asking me something . He kept asking is it safe ? Then I escaped . Bell helped me . Then he drove me right back where I was being questioned . He worked for them . He worked for them . Walter , that 's from the movie Marathon Man . Hmm . - You called me in Boston . You told me you were ready to implement the plan but you needed my help . Then you sent me to Grand Central Station to collect the Thought Unifier . By the time I got to you and Astrid , you were with William Bell . The Observers found us , we realized the only way they would know where is if he told them . Then you ambered us . So if Bell led the Observers to you how can we be sure the cylinders were even there to begin with ? Or if he even had them . Let 's open the storage and find out . Fire up the laser , Agnes . Let 's get that hand out of amber . Oh , my . Is this it , Walter ? Yes . I used to drop acid right over there and watch the ships come in from the bay . This was the east entrance . The yellow doors to the underground storage are here somewhere . The doors are there . Peter ? From an engineering standpoint they 'd have to be . Peter , your ear . When we closed the Observer shipping lane Peter fired antimatter into it with an RPG . Do you think maybe the blast damaged his ear ? How 's your hearing , son ? My hearing 's fine . I 'm fine , really . We 'll examine you as soon as we get back to the lab . What are you thinking , Astrid ? We have some antimatter batons left . Maybe we could use them to clear a path to the door . Antimatter would consume not only the debris but the storage facility underneath as well . What about Anil ? He has man power . - Maybe the Resistance will help us . - Heavy machinery we 'd have to use to clear away the rubble would draw too much attention . We go through it . It 's Anil . What do you mean , we go through it ? - How did it go ? - I couldn 't give him the briefcase . - What happened ? - I followed the baldy into the park . - I did everything as you said . - You should 've seen him sit at a bench . Then stand up and forget his briefcase . You would 've approached him and given him the one I gave you . He never forgot his briefcase , Peter . He was sitting on the bench , I saw him get up but he took his briefcase with him . That 's impossible . Wait there , I 'm coming to you . Peter , we need to see Nina Sharp . Walter thinks if we change the molecular structure of the concrete , we can clear it . Nina works for the Ministry of Science , she 's got access to advanced technology . You go talk to Nina . I have to meet with Anil . Why ? He didn 't want to say over the comm , just that it was important . You 've got that look on your face . What look ? Ha , ha . The look that says , " I 'm worried about you . " Should I be ? Absolutely not . You go talk to Nina , I 'll liberate myself a ride . Ms. Sharp ? MS. Sharp ? I- - Push my afternoon meetings . I 'll be out of the office for a bit . I never thought I would see you again . How are you holding up ? It 's been hard . But we 're continuing on with Walter 's plan . For Etta . I 'm so sorry for your loss . Etta was very special to me . And when Phillip told me ... I wanted to reach out to you so much , but I was afraid I would jeopardize your safety . I know . But now we have no choice . We need your help , Nina . Of course . Anything . Despite the damage to the building , we think the underground storage is intact . We just can 't get to it . I was hoping you would have access to technology that could change the atomic structure of the rubble , help us clear it . The Observers created a device that dramatically alters atmospheric pressure . Speeding up molecules in all the matter in a controlled area a process called sublimation . You mean converting solid matter into gas ? So all the rubble would just evaporate . Essentially , yes . They use the technology to clear large areas of land for construction . Like Central Park , when they were prepping it to build their air-degradation machine . I 'll meet you in the south side of the building in 10 minutes . Are you angry with me , Walter ? Why should I be ? Because I told Etta and Simon how to re-implant the portion of your brain you had removed . - You did what was necessary . - Yes , I did . We needed your intellect restored . There was a lot at stake . There still is . Have you noticed any changes in your personality since the implant ? Some . Tissues are integrating faster than I thought . The man I was before do you see him in me now ? No . But you would know better than I. Are you worried ? The man I was before , he was consumed by ambition , by hubris . He never cared about anyone . All he cared about was walking with the gods . It 's different this time . I 'm different . I have Peter . He won 't let me become that man again . Hastings , give Dr. Bishop anything he wants . Yes , that , Dr. Bishop . It would be an honor . There must be a variable you 're forgetting . Tell me exactly what you saw . Every detail . The baldy was sitting on the bench , writing in his notebook . - Did he interact with anyone in the park ? - No , not that I saw . Did you see a little girl ? Playing with a yellow ball in front of the bench Royce was sitting on . How could you know that ? Royce was supposed to be distracted by the kid as he got up . - He was going to forget his briefcase . - He wasn 't paying attention to a kid . - He was talking on his comm . - He was on his comm ? It was too far away to hear anything . He stood up , grabbed his briefcase , and walked away . - That 's it . - That 's what ? The variable . The one thing I failed to see , Royce on his comm . - Peter , what are you talking about ? - He 's going to the restaurant next . Give me the briefcase , I 'll switch it there . I know you have questions , Anil , but I have to ask you to trust me . - What 's this ? - An address . Go there and wait outside . This is a baldy precinct . At exactly 6 : 17 , Royce and another Observer named Mueller will walk into that building . Call me when they do . - I 'll comm you when they show . - Thank you . - I 'd like to check this . - Sure . I haven 't seen you in here before . It 's not really my crowd . You better be careful . You don 't wanna get read . You should get that . Old trick . How are you and Peter doing ? Peter doesn 't sleep . He leaves the lab at all these odd hours . When he gets back and I ask him where he 's been he 's always got an explanation that- - That makes sense . But ... I just think there 's something he 's not telling me . I can feel it . Well , he 's been through a lot . - You both have . - Yeah . I 'm not defending Peter . I saw how isolated he made himself after Etta went missing in the invasion . I would say that , compared to that he has come a long way . I keep telling myself that this time , we 're stronger . But I 'm worried that I 'm losing him again . Hello , Cavatina . I 'm at work , Ronny . Can we talk about this later because unlike you , I have a job . This baby has an event radius of up to a thousand meters . These rods mark the boundaries of whatever area you sublimate . - What 's this ? - Don 't touch that . I haven 't even showed you the power-up sequence yet . You see this light here ? It turns yellow , you 're good . A blue ? That means the fission core is overheating . A common design flaw in these gen-one models . Blue means RUN . - Okay . - I 'm worried about you , Walter . What you said earlier . That Peter would keep you from becoming the man you used to be . I 'm not sure that 's enough . I knew the man you were , you and William . You both tested the limits of science , of the universe . You felt that boundless power that comes with omnipotence . You felt what it was like to be God . You don 't need to remind me , Nina . I was there . Then you should know how hard I tried to hold onto William . How much I loved him . But that wasn 't enough . I wasn 't enough . Because nothing can compare to that feeling to that kind of power . So he let me go . The reason you couldn 't hold onto him is because he never loved you . He never loved anyone except himself . I 've been fooled by him too many times to think anything else . I know better and so should you . You asked me before , if I saw him in you . I just did . The Walter I know would never say anything so cruel . But the Walter who lay on an operating table in William 's laboratory begging to have pieces of his brain removed for fear of what he would become he would . I 've come a long way . I love my son . He loves me . That will save me . For your sake , I hope that 's true . Walter . We 're ready . Oh , there 's one other thing you should know . The Observers analyze change in the atmosphere . Once you utilize the technology they will respond within minutes . Okay . Then we 'll have to be quick . Thank you , Nina . Good luck . Is that ready , dear ? Well , come on down and set this one for me . - Hello ? - You managed to switch the briefcase . What happened ? It was a success . This place is crawling with baldies . Go home , Anil . I 'll contact you . So , what did Anil want ? I waited for him for over an hour , he didn 't show . That was him , calling to let me know he got stopped at a checkpoint . Did he tell you why he wanted to meet ? No . Olivia . Peter . We 're ready . So , what do we have ? A matter sublimation device . It converts solid mass into gas . - Perfect . - Stand by . It 's charged , Walter . Go ahead . Belly , you monster . What is it , Walter ? My Bowie . He stole it . It 's not enough that he institutionalized me betrayed our friendship , he pilfered my record collection too . We don 't have time , Walter . Keep looking . Guys . I know this safe . I remember when Belly had it built . An extra measure of security to guard the things he valued most . - Cylinders must be here . - You know the combination ? Of course . Belly used the same combination for everything . He had a terrible memory . Too much LSD , I suppose . - Walter ? - Just- - Just give me a minute . It 's very simple . I just- - I think I have it . Come on , Walter . Nina said the Observers would detect the atmospheric change . We 've been down here too long already . I 'm sorry . It was so long ago . Walter , if you don 't think that you can do it , we should leave . Now . Clear your head , Walter . Try to relax . Think about the cylinders . - You have all the time in the world . - Peter . The Observers could be up there right now . Take a deep breath , Walter . Focus . Five . Twenty . Ten . I should have known better than to trust that scoundrel . It was all a lie to lure me to the Observers . He never cared about saving the world . What is that ? I don 't know . But whatever it is , it must have been valuable enough to Bell for him to want to keep it in the safe . What did you just do ? I have no idea . Peter , careful . We don 't know what 's waiting for us . Peter , where are you going ? I 'll take my car . It 's logical that we split up . Olivia , before we go back to Boston , I 'd like to make a stop first . Nina . Walter , did everything go okay ? Yes . The device you gave us worked . We have the cylinders . Good . Why did you want to see me ? I asked Olivia to bring me back because I wanted to give you this . It was in William 's safe . I was wrong . He did love you . And it wasn 't enough . No . I 'm scared , Nina . Every day that goes by I feel him more and more . I 'm losing myself . I 'm becoming the man I was . And just like before , everyone that I care about will be driven away and will suffer because of me . I need you to take them out . - What ? - It 's perfectly safe . My intellect may be diminished slightly but it 's the only way to hold onto the man I 've become . Please , Nina . You must remove these pieces of my brain . Peter ? They 're timelines . Timelines for what ? For them . Windmark 's top lieutenants . For security reasons , they are rarely in the same place at the same time . Every movement , every interaction every second of their day is accounted for . Using this information , I can manipulate events . The tech that gave them their advantage over us I have it now . That thing in their heads ? You 've implanted one in yourself ? I 've been following them . They don 't know where I am . But I know where they are : Today , yesterday , and the day before that . It gives me enough information to determine their probable futures . Mueller was gonna get in a Town Car and be late to the meeting . Royce would 've left . I needed them there at the same time . I made that happen . What have you done ? I used a toxin from Walter 's cold storage . The flesh-eating toxin that killed everyone aboard flight 627 . Our first Fringe experience was their last . That 's why you knew that they wouldn 't be coming for us at the storage site . You knew that they would still be responding to your attack . You can 't do this . This is dangerous . We 're going to avenge Etta . Windmark is next . I left and shook his hand And made my way back home I searched for form and land Walter , is there anything I can get you before I go to sleep ? No , thank you , dear . We did good today . At all the millions here We must have died alone A long , long time ago Who knows ? Not me We never lost control You 're face to face With the man who sold the world To face With the man who sold the world
