 NARRATOR : Winged creatures ... carrying messages from the heavens . Unearthly guardians , entrusted to both observe and protect . Powerful warriors , bringing about everything from plague to peace . But are angels merely the product of mankind 's imagination ... or do they really exist ? If so , where do they come from ? L.A. MARZULLI : When angels appear , they begin to do things that defy our laws of physics . JASON MARTELL : I don 't think they actually had wings . It was ancient man 's way of saying , they had the power of flight . NARRATOR : Are angels really supernatural beings from heaven , or something more ? GIORGIO A. TSOUKALOS : It 's essentially a misinterpreted flesh-and-blood extraterrestrial who visited Earth a long , long time ago . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? If so , might angels really be travelers visiting the Earth from distant planets ? NARRATOR : Angels . According to a Nielsen survey taken in 2010 , nearly 70 % of Americans believe in their existence . But what are they ? Winged visitors from God , as depicted in the Bible ? Smiling cherubs who peer down at us from billowing clouds ? Or something much , much more ? FATHER WILLIAM J. FULCO : The concept of angels is obviously very widespread , and certainly in American culture . And you find it in Latin culture , Greek culture , Babylonian culture . PHILIP COPPENS : When we think of angels , we immediately think to the Bible , but when you go onto the Internet , when you read books , you will find that people have visitations of angels every single day . NARRATOR : In the Hebrew Bible 's Book of Genesis , angels first appear as divine beings sent to Earth as messengers of God . FULCO : They wanted to have God interacting with the human beings , but it seemed somewhat undignified to have God directly operating , and so he sent messengers . TSOUKALOS : The word angel is a mistranslation . In Hebrew , the word for angel is malach . However , the correct translation is not angel at all , but it is , in fact , " messenger . " In Greek , the word angelos is not angel . It is intermediary , middleman . And so what do we have in these stories ? We have these intermediaries , these messengers , bringing information from quote , unquote " God . " BILL BIRNES : By definition , angels are otherworldly . Angels are extraterrestrial . They 're not from this planet . So really , by definition , ETs and angels are the same . Now our modern conception of ETs have changed . But go back thousands and thousands of years when angels lived among our biblical ancestors . They didn 't call them ETs . They called them angels , but they knew they were not of this world , not of this planet . NARRATOR : But could some of these so-called messengers of God have served another function ? One not so benevolent or benign ? According to The Book of Enoch , the so-called lost biblical text that was rediscovered among the Dead Sea Scrolls in the late 1940s , the first angels to arrive on Earth were the fallen angels . BIRNES : It was on Mount Hermon that angels came down from the heavens- - fallen angels- - to inhabit Earth . They were trying to assume power . And because of that , they were cast out from heaven and cast down to Earth . TSOUKALOS : Now to me , this sounds more of a mutiny story where extraterrestrials arrived here , and there was a type of rift , and so , they split into two different factions . And the faction that split off is what today is referred to as the fallen angels . GEORGE NOORY : Enoch was a believer in angels , fallen angels , visitations , but everything he put in his scriptures seemed to imply , to me , extraterrestrial visitation . From craft that he saw , to mountainsides that they would land , to them taking him around and telling him things . NARRATOR : Both in The Book of Enoch and in the Hebrew Bible , the fallen angels act in direct opposition to God 's will by interbreeding with humans . FULCO : In Genesis 6 , it talks about the sons of gods- - gods plural- - mating with the daughters of men . And there was a certain evil connotation to it . ERICH VON DÄNIKEN : How can angels have sex ? Enoch describes of it . Some of the extraterrestrials stood on Earth . They had sex with some of our girls . That is what is written down in Enoch . It 's not my invention . Enoch never calls them gods . He calls them guardian of the skies , or watchmen . NARRATOR : According to ancient texts , the fallen angels not only physically mated with the women of Earth , they produced offspring- - the Nephilim , a race of giants , similar to those portrayed in the story of David and Goliath . But ancient astronaut theorists suggest the use of the term giants is misleading . They theorize that the term refers not to the Nephilim 's physical size , but to their almost superhuman ability . TSOUKALOS : Were they giants , or is that the wrong word , and the correct word should be extraterrestrial ? Because then , in my opinion , it makes more sense , because so far , I have not seen an original fossil of a giant bone . NARRATOR : But if , as many ancient astronaut theorists believe , fallen angels were really extraterrestrials that first arrived in the Middle East , wouldn 't they have also appeared elsewhere in the world ? For proof , researchers point to thousands of carvings and other depictions of winged guardians , strange creatures and other half-man and half-beasts that commonly appear on ancient walls and artifacts . COPPENS : There is such an enormous amount of evidence to suggest that angels are not something which Christianity invented , but that they were somehow physically present in all civilizations . REVEREND MICHAEL J.S. CARTER : Ancient cultures that depicted the gods as winged creatures are the Sumerians , the Babylonians , certainly the Egyptians . All of these civilizations had symbols where there may have been a winged disc , or there may have been what we would call today probably a UFO . I believe they were just letting us know that these beings flew . THOMAS E. BULLARD : In the Middle East in particular , there were depictions of supernatural beings with wings- - the demons of Mesopotamia ; Pazuzu , which had the head of a lion and the body of a human and the wings of a locust . They were primarily soldiers of the higher gods , servants of the higher gods . The higher gods depended on these messengers . They would run back and forth and gather information . DAVID WILCOCK : The Bible may be the most thoroughly documented account of extraterrestrial contact ever in written history here on Earth . We just simply have not learned how to interpret and how to identify the clear and obvious evidence that the seraphim , the cherubim , the archangels , the angels , all of these different hierarchies of beings described in the Old and the New Testament literally do refer to visitors who come here . VON DÄNIKEN : Use the word " extraterrestrials " instead of the word of " angel . " Use a word of , uh , " leader of extraterrestrials " instead of " archangel . " If you change a few words in the old texts- - a few key words- - you change the sense of the old texts . It 's all not coincidence . It was on purpose . It 's time to wake up to see these things with modern eyes . NARRATOR : But if , as ancient astronaut theorists maintain , angels are not ethereal winged beings but actually flesh and blood creatures visiting us from other planets , why are they here ? And if they are messengers , just who or what do they represent ? NARRATOR : Mount Sodom , Israel . A pillar of rock salt known as Lot 's Wife overlooks the southwestern part of the Dead Sea , near the presumed location of the biblical cities of Sodom and Gomorrah . In both the Hebrew Book of Genesis and the Islamic Koran , angels traveled to this spot to warn Abraham 's nephew Lot that God was about to unleash terror upon the world . VON DÄNIKEN : And the angel finally says to Lot , " If you don 't come now with your family- - two girls and the wife- - I cannot help you anymore . " It looks as if a countdown was working which could not be stopped anymore , if even the angel cannot stop it . ( thunder crashing ) ( rumbling ) TSOUKALOS : Sure enough , they walk away and there is this mayhem and destruction . His wife turns around and she turns into a pillar of salt . Since the ancient astronaut theory proposes that angels were nothing else but misinterpreted flesh and blood extraterrestrials , this means that extraterrestrials did side with certain people . Were angels , or extraterrestrials , interfering with human development ? NARRATOR : But if angels saved Lot and his family from the wrath of God , is this proof that angels are more than just otherworldly messengers ? Might they be more actively engaged in helping their human counterparts , even to the extent that they might still be affecting the outcome of human history ? Once again , ancient astronaut theorists look to The Book of Enoch for their answer and claim to have found evidence in its references to a race of fallen angels known as watchers . TSOUKALOS : There is much debate amongst religious scholars about the fallen angels . ( choir singing ) Some say they were deliberately sent here to watch over man . And in The Book of Enoch specifically , we have 20 watchers which are sort of in charge of all the other angels that are in Enoch 's presence . You have the commanders and the officers and the lieutenants , and those 20 deliberately teach Enoch in various disciplines , such as meteorology , astronomy , how to make better swords . Now , would something like this really happen in the Kingdom of God ? I think the answer is clear . LINDA MOULTON HOWE : Where did they come from ? What do they want ? And if we 're dealing with one or more intelligences- - that maybe they have different agendas , but maybe there is something out there that has been an ally to evolving hominids , and we 're the latest model . NARRATOR : In the Bible , angels often appear to humans as physical entities that can be seen , heard and even touched . But today many people believe angels are present whether they can see them or not . According to a 2008 survey by Baylor University 's Institute for Studies of Religion , 55 % of all American adults believe a guardian angel protects them . BULLARD : The popularity of guardian angels in modern culture I think has to do with the idea that we want some kind of supernatural protection in a world where we don 't really feel very safe oftentimes . NARRATOR : The Islamic faith teaches that every human being has not one but two guardian angels , one for each shoulder . These celestial beings are called writing angels because they write down the good deeds and the bad deeds in each person 's life . The first so-called guardian angel to appear in Judeo - Christian texts is the angel Raphael , who was featured in the Book of Tobit , written sometime between the eighth and second century B.C. FULCO : Tobit is off on a very difficult mission . He 's going to go to Persia to find a wife , and he runs into all sorts of problems on the way , so God sends the angel Raphael , and now we have the angel not just as a messenger from God . He becomes a guardian angel , he becomes a special protector . VON DÄNIKEN : The idea of guardian angel , is it just because we wish it , we believe it , that somebody 's protecting us , or does it come from the past ? Has it to do maybe something with extraterrestrials ? In the sense that some extraterrestrials said to some human , " We protect you . Don 't be afraid . " MARZULLI : What is the guardian angel guarding us from ? Why is that guardian angel protecting us ? And is there more than one ? The short answer to that is absolutely , yes . He 's guarding us from what ? The fallen angels . BULLARD : In Judeo-Christian , and Islamic tradition , there 's an idea that there will be some kind of final warfare when God defeats Satan , once and for all . That 's been interpreted , by some people , to say that , the aliens will come back ; they will fight it out again , one final time . NARRATOR : Both The Book of Enoch and the New Testament Book of Revelation refers to a final cosmic battle of good versus evil . Other biblical stories include accounts of angels wielding extraordinary powers . Angels who are not just guardians , but who intervene in human affairs . But who are these celestial warriors ? The New Testament 's Acts of the Apostles tells the story of Saint Peter , who was imprisoned in Jerusalem by King Herod in 44 A.D. CARTER : Peter is asleep between two soldiers . So the angel walks through the wall . He 's a physical being because he touches Peter , tells Peter to wake up , come with me . He unshackles Peter , and he says to Peter , " Follow me . " MARZULLI : The prison cell opens , Peter walks out , and the first thing he notices , all the guards are asleep . They get out to the courtyard , this huge prison gate opens by itself and Peter walks out and he 's free . Angel walks with him a little bit longer- - ( snaps fingers ) - - he 's gone . NARRATOR : Is the freeing of Saint Peter an alien encounter story ? Or is it a true story of heavenly angels commanding otherworldly powers ? CARTER : A lot of the times modern contactees say , " Well , these beings have come to me in my dreams . They can come through my walls . All my doors are locked , my windows are shut , and all of a sudden , I open my eyes and there is a being there . " CREMO : Some might say these accounts of visitations by angels are a result of imagination or projection , but I take them as actual historical accounts because they 're presented that way . ( bell tolling ) WILCOCK : If we look at the case of religion , we can see clear evidence of extraterrestrial human visitors who have come here and have tried to help improve conditions in our civilization . And they have been consistently trying to help the Earth along , which may , in fact , be leading up to a galactic family reunion , where after a certain point when we 're ready , they no longer have to follow the prime directive , if you will , and can again show themselves to us . NARRATOR : But whether angels are , in fact , supernatural or extraterrestrial beings , artists have nearly always depicted them as having large , almost bird-like wings . But where does this notion come from ? From ancient texts ? Or from a more mysterious source ? A source , not from the heavens , but from places thousands of light-years away ? ( bell tolling ) NARRATOR : Rome , Italy . Stored in the Treasury of Saint Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican is the Sarcophagus of Junius Bassus . Constructed in 359 A.D. , the sarcophagus features what some believe to be the earliest known depiction of winged angels in all of Christianity . In the centuries that followed , angels were almost always depicted as having wings . But why ? Especially since the actual biblical texts rarely describe angels as having bird-like appendages ? CARTER : The vast majority of the stories in the Old Testament , angels aren 't described as having wings at all . Some of them , they look human . When the angel comes to visit Abraham , this angel does not have wings . He looks like a man . Abraham bows to him , which is interesting . How did Abraham know ? If he looks like a human being , what was it that gave Abraham the clue to run over and bow down to him ? And so there 's a supernatural quality , there 's a superhuman quality that they acknowledge . That this was a person who was a little more than human . RICHARD RADER : The concept of the angel as such comes directly out of the Graeco-Roman tradition . Stories of Hermes and Iris kind of coming down and giving messages , envisioning them as beings like human beings , kind of looking like human beings and being benevolent . There are plenty of other beings which have these beautiful wings , these kind of forms and shapes . But all of these beings , however they 're conceived of , are a way of telling us that we have a hard time understanding what it is that separates us from them , from the gods . They have to be these kind of weird beings who have wings . MARTELL : Angels show up in various cultures as probably misidentified technology . If they saw someone- - a human being or a humanoid- - flying in the skies , they could only give it a natural review , giving it wings . I don 't think they actually had wings . It was ancient man 's way of saying they had the power of flight . CARTER : The angels that have wings that we 're used to seeing depicted in pictures of the Bible and what have you , basically the wings say these beings can fly . So we believe in angels , and the Native Americans talk about the Star People , the Egyptians talk about the gods coming to and from the Earth . So I believe this is the basis , this is the template for the civilizations of the Earth 's religious practices . I-I believe that . NARRATOR : For centuries , religious tradition has perpetuated the notion of bird-like wings to explain an angel 's mode of travel . But is such a concept even scientifically plausible ? In 2009 , a study at University College , London compared classic depictions of winged angels with actual bird physiology . MICHAEL DENNIN : You have to be able to flap down and flap up . And you really need a separate muscle to do each of these . On the way down , you 're generating the lift . And you actually , you have to rotate the wing slightly and get a different angle as you come up , and then they actually generate their thrust . Otherwise if you just went up and down in the same straight pattern , you 'd be making lift one way , but when you went back the other way , you 'd just push yourself back down . So when you look at the classic pictures of angels , the wings are centered on their back . Very close together . Whereas the birds with the wings on the side can have longer muscles with the great strength that go into moving them up and down . With the wings on the back , they 're gonna look like they 're gonna flap more like this than up and down . NARRATOR : Researchers also concluded that angels , given their humanoid interpretation , would be simply too heavy for flight . DENNIN : We 're not designed aerodynamically . And we 're quite heavy . I mean , we 're solid bone , solid muscle . So those two features you have to overcome . NARRATOR : But if angels could not have possessed actual wings , how would they have managed to travel to and from the heavens ? TSOUKALOS : Angels were never described to fly around like Superman , but they sort of had a vertical ascent into the sky , or when they descended , it was a vertical descent . How was that possible ? NARRATOR : In 1953 , Bell Aerosystems developed the rocket belt , the precursor to today 's workable jet pack . Designed to lift individuals vertically into the air and glide them across the skies , today 's jet packs can reach altitudes of over 8,000 feet and travel at speeds of up to 60 miles per hour . TSOUKALOS : If you look at a modern jet pack , humans are ascending and descending in a vertical position . Now imagine if that picture was shown to our ancestors . How would they react ? Obviously , they will say , " Wow , this creature must be divine . This creature must be some type of a god because they 've got the capability of flight . They 're like birds . Not even the sky is the limit to them . " NARRATOR : But could a device similar to modern day jet packs really explain how biblical angels were capable of ascending bodily into the heavens ? Could they have had other methods of flight unfamiliar to our ancient ancestors ? CARTER : Ezekiel talks about a flying chariot . Ancient Hebrews talk about the pillar of cloud by day , and the pillar of fire by night . So , clearly , these are physical machines that the angels are using . The story of Jacob and the angel in Genesis 28 is a classic UFO scenario . Jacob falls asleep , and in this dream , he dreams that there 's angels going up and down a ladder , and this ladder comes from heaven . TSOUKALOS : If you look at , let 's say , a spaceship , and it opens its door , and there 's a ramp coming out . I mean , that almost looks like a ladder . So it is possible that what is described there is nothing else but a technological event that was described as a ladder . NARRATOR : Did our ancestors try to explain an ancient alien technology by suggesting that extraterrestrial visitors were heavenly visitors with bird-like wings ? If the answer is " yes , " the implications are both profound and potentially disturbing . For if angels are actual visitors from other worlds , then what is their mission ? Are they simply watching us ? Or is there , perhaps , a more sinister purpose ? NARRATOR : Temple Mount , Old City , Jerusalem . It was here that many biblical stories reportedly occurred , including the binding of Isaac , from Genesis 22 . In this story , God asks Abraham to sacrifice his son , Isaac , on Mount Moriah . Abraham sets out to obey God 's command . But after binding his son and preparing for the sacrifice , he is stopped at the last minute by an angel . Conventional interpretations of the story usually conclude that God only wanted to test Abraham 's faith . But ancient alien theorists suggest the tale has another interpretation . TSOUKALOS : In my opinion " God-God " would never ask such a question . So is it possible that it was a fallen angel , slash , alien extraterrestrial who posed as God ? RADER : God never demands human sacrifice . Human sacrifice is totally anathema to Christianity and it 's totally anathema to God as a creator . The French philosopher Sartre very famously wrote , " If an angel were to tell me I needed to sacrifice my son , I 'd ask for some ID . " COPPENS : Maybe somebody else impersonating a god . And do we then have somebody stepping in to actually prevent this from happening ? Are we , in fact , maybe confronted with two warring civilizations trying to control what is happening in the stories of the Bible ? TSOUKALOS : Just like there are good people and bad people here on Earth , there is good and bad extraterrestrials out there . Good and evil permeates the entire universe . Yin and yang . There 's a balance . NARRATOR : Deep inside the Middle Eastern country of Oman , a mysterious cavern lies hidden far beneath the surface . Called Majlis al Jinn , or " meeting place of the jinn , " it stretches more than 14 acres underground , and is one of the world 's ten largest caves . Many Omanis still believe this cavern and others like it are actually inhabited by supernatural creatures of Islamic folklore called jinn or genies ; mystical creatures that are usually invisible to man . JONATHAN YOUNG : One interesting aspect of the jinns is an element of free will . They 're like angels , but we think of angels in the West as under the direct command of the divine powers . But the jinn can make some decisions for themselves , and some of them are a little contrary or curious in their way of being . NARRATOR : According to Islamic theology , genies often reveal themselves to humans with messages , which can be either benevolent or deceptive . But is it possible that genies actually exist ? If so , where did they come from ? TSOUKALOS : When we talk about genie , genie in a bottle , it 's very interesting because you rub the bottle and then the genie comes out of it , and it fulfills your wishes . Well , let 's look at this from a modern day perspective . If you have a little container , and you push a button and a hologram comes out , then could that be a genie in a bottle ? And according to the ancient astronaut theory , that is exactly what happened . Where extraterrestrials used holograms in order to relay messages . That is essentially a genie in a bottle . NARRATOR : Like angels , jinn are said to be able to appear and disappear at will , and are sometimes only heard as disembodied voices . But while some ancient astronaut theorists believe this behavior resembles that of extraterrestrials , others claim that angels , jinn and other supernatural creatures have origins right here on Earth . They call these beings , " ultra-terrestrial . " MARTELL : Ultra-terrestrials are possible beings that travel , and visit us , from other dimensions . We know that , we all vibrate in the three-dimensional space , at a certain frequency . It 's very possible that other beings vibrate , at a higher frequency , and are able to pass more easily into other dimensions . BULLARD : The ultra - terrestrial theory would also explain the folkloric creatures , the angelic creatures , any sort of experience of a strange , supernatural , or alien being , that has occurred throughout history . NARRATOR : But could so-called fallen angels , jinn and other mysterious ultra-terrestrial creatures really help to explain more recent stories of people who claim they are directed toward violent ends by the word of God ? David Berkowitz , better known as Son of Sam , claimed a demon , who took possession of his neighbor 's dog , commanded him to kill . Herbert Mullin , who committed 13 murders in California in the early 1970s , claimed voices in his head told him he had to make human sacrifices to prevent a cataclysmic earthquake . Marshall Applewhite , the leader of the UFO cult known as Heaven 's Gate , inspired a mass suicide based on a vision that led him to believe he was related to Jesus . RADER : Ancient literature is full of characters who are claiming that they have been influenced by gods , angels , extraterrestrial beings , right ? Which is rather like when Charles Manson , or the Son of Sam claims , say , metaphysical reasons or theological reasons for what they 're doing now . So it 's not a matter of whether we believe them or not . They very much believe it , and that 's what 's important . What matters is that from the ancient world to the modern , there are mysterious forces . Whether they are fictions or not , we don 't have the ultimate answers . What matters is the similarity . And those discourses are , to a certain extent , transhistorical . NARRATOR : Angels and demons . Good versus evil . But if , as many ancient astronaut proponents maintain , extraterrestrials have been masquerading as angels , jinn and otherworldly creatures for thousands of years , where did they come from ? Why are they here ? And could they be all around us in plain sight ? NARRATOR : Mount Hermon , high above the Holy Land . At 9,230 feet , this mysterious mountain straddles the borders of Lebanon , Syria and Israel . Sitting above the Golan Heights , Mount Hermon has been contested ground among Christian , Hebrew and Islamic faithful for thousands of years . According to the Synoptic Gospels , Mount Hermon is the location of the Transfiguration of Jesus , an event in which Jesus was transformed into a radiant , altered state and was seen to be conversing with Moses and the prophet Elijah . Mount Hermon is also the site where the 200 fallen angels descended to Earth in The Book of Enoch . But why Mount Hermon ? Is there a geological significance to that site ? BIRNES : All across the face of the Earth there are particular hot spots , and it could well be that the reason the Middle East is such a hot spot , and the reason there are legends that the Middle East contains star gates , portals to other universes . One theory says that we were populated from the stars in the Middle East at the beginning of what we call our own time . NARRATOR : In the occult science of numerology , the number 33 represents the ultimate attainment of consciousness . Mount Hermon is located at the 33rd parallel north , which is a latitude 33 degrees north of the Earth 's equator . Tracing the 33rd parallel to the exact opposite side of the globe directly points to the site of the most famous alleged UFO encounter in modern history : in Roswell , New Mexico . MARZULLI : If you take the geographic polar opposite from Mount Hermon , you wind up in Roswell , New Mexico . Now that 's not an accident , folks . It 's not an accident . Fallen angels are very big on where they show up , what they do , how they do it . That should send shivers up and down your spine . NARRATOR : But could the global coordinates of the Roswell crash site and those of Mount Hermon have a special , perhaps secret , significance ? BIRNES : If aliens use the 33rd latitudinal line as a way point , as a landing point for planet Earth , what biblical people saw thousands and thousands of years ago on Mount Hermon were entities that came down from the sky . They called them angels . We called them extraterrestrials . VON DÄNIKEN : My idea is , these extraterrestrials- - they landed at different points . Why ? They knew that thousands of years in the far future , the humans would know the geometry of their land . And of a sudden , they say , " Hey , what 's that ? " These are places linked together . It 's not coincidence . It was on purpose . NARRATOR : Could the angels that descended on Mount Hermon thousands of years ago , and the aliens who were reportedly seen over Roswell , New Mexico , in 1947 belong to the same extraterrestrial race ? And if so , does this mean that angels or aliens have been among us all along ? Were they left behind to monitor us ? Or perhaps even guide us into the future ? WILCOCK : Probably the last time that we had any regular interaction with these ETs as a cultural level was during the time of the foundation of Islam . For whatever reason , these guys seem to have followed a mutual , collective agreement that they 'd withdraw from the Earth after the time of Islam , the New Testament in the Bible , etcetera , etcetera . Stay away ... but in the meantime , we develop technology , we get all proud of ourselves and think , oh , we 're the only game in town here . Wake up ! They 're all over the place ! Look at the angels in the Bible ! These are documented records . The people that wrote these books didn 't think they were myths . They didn 't think they were fake . They were writing down history . VON DÄNIKEN : The extraterrestrials want that , in a far future of mankind , we start to see these things . We start to translate these books . We start to realize that something on Earth in geometry is wrong . And now we start to ask question . We start to ask , for example , how can we explain that ? Have we maybe been visited by extraterrestrials ? And I think it 's important to think in this way . Because these extraterrestrials have promised to return . And one day , they will return . HOWE : If we humans are now on , we 'll say the cusp of finally having some truth laid out to us about our relationship to other intelligences in the universe , I just hope that we will be looking at aliens- - past , present and future- - as not our killers and not our saviors , but as another intelligence that we will be able to shake hands with and learn something about the cosmos . NARRATOR : But if , and perhaps , when , so-called angels reveal themselves to us in the form of extraterrestrials , would we accept them ? Perhaps only when we are ready to know the truth about our own origins will that day come . Captioning sponsored by AE TELEVISION NETWORKS Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
