 NARRATOR : Previously on V : [ GRUNTING ] Sarita Malik has gone missing . Find her and identify those responsible . They corrupted Tyler 's DNA . What do you know about Anna 's plans ? - Nothing . - Skin her . [ SCREAMING ] I warned my mom about this priest , Jack Landry , but she won 't listen to me . CHAD : I knew Anna would manipulate my interview somehow . But this ? It 's okay , Chad . The Fifth Column will hold strong . It 's time you met the others . ANNA : What did you discover ? - Who took Malik . I found Fifth Column . Three peace ambassadors ' bodies were found when they opened the PA Center . Throats slit . Must have been murdered in the night . - They 're waiting for us to ID them . - Tyler works here . Oh , my God . It 's not him . It 's not ... It 's not him . The Italians did this to Mussolini at the end of World War II . Strung him up to brand him a traitor . Somebody in Fifth Column is a student of history . They 've claimed credit already . First the coordinated suicide bombings around the world , now this . I don 't know . What ? Yeah , I don 't know what I 'm seeing . - I don 't know what 's going on . OFFICER : Hey , hey . Hey . Tyler . Hey , he 's fine . - Mom . - Stop . You don 't want to see this . What happened ? I was supposed to be there . - Those are my friends . - I know . Ty , trust me . I 'm gonna find out who did this . [ COOING ] You got the night with your daughter as we agreed . Now it 's morning . The Fifth Column has acted again killing three peace ambassadors . I want you to find out who 's responsible for this and the abduction of Sarita Malik . [ BABBLING ] My bliss has alleviated her pain , but it will wear off soon , Ryan . A man named Eli Cohn . He commands the faction that has Malik . Find them . Your daughter is so peaceful when she 's not in pain . With Malik missing and this homicide they 're sticking me with some hotshot from D.C. Another set of eyes on us . Just what we need . And we still haven 't dumped what 's left of Lady Lizard . Well , we can 't just get rid of Malik . The bureau is all over this case . Until they close it , their focus could turn to me , which means us . It 's not getting any easier . Not until we stop Eli Cohn and his radical Fifth Column . Ryars right . Cohrs out of control . That could have been Tyler with his throat slit . Yeah , but it wasrt . We take out Cohn , we lose a huge asset . His army , international connections ... I 'm not saying we don 't need the help . Just not his help . With Cohn in the picture , we are fighting two enemies here . Yeah , him and Anna . You said the FBI 's got no leads on his whereabouts . Cohrs ex-Mossad . He 's a ghost . A ghost who is pulling kids off of the street and killing them . I 'm not waiting for my kid to be next . We 'll find Cohn . What if we let him find us ? First suicide bomber . His friends attend my church . Now , some of them may be Cohrs people too . Now , what if ... ? What if I let them know I 'm ready to meet their boss ? Take this down to Forensics . Get a match . Yes , sir . - Get Tyler home ? - He 's freaked out , but hanging in . This new partner , I don 't have time to break in someone new . This is the director 's go-to guy . You can relax , you already know him . Chris Bolling . Erica Evans . You 're the hotshot agent from D.C. ? Standards are slipping . You believe it 's taken this long to put us together ? After the trouble we got into in the academy ? Trouble ? I don 't remember any trouble . I hope you don 't mind I 'm here . No , it 's okay . I am glad to have you . - Good . I figured I 'd dive right in . - Of course . I 've been looking at everything on Fifth Column and I noticed something . You mind ? Took a step back , looked from a wide angle , asked myself , " What sticks out ? " And everywhere I look , this guy keeps popping up . Jack Landry . I think the good father might be able to tell us something about the peace ambassador murders this morning . - Hmm . CHAD : Topping headlines today Fifth Column , the anti-V terrorist group responsible for the suicide bombings in each of the 29 cities where Visitor ships are present has now claimed responsibility for the peace ambassador murders in New York City this morning . In addition to the escalation of violence against the Visitors a growing number of religious figures have begun speaking out against the V 's . It remains uncertain as to whether they will ultimately urge acceptance or dissent . Among those leaders , Cardinal Janusz Wolichek has been heading up discussions at the Vatican . But as of yet , no answers . Perhaps we should help this Cardinal Wolichek in his search for answers . Chad . Thank you for coming on such short notice . It 's nice to know I have someone whom I can trust . You haven 't told me where we 're headed . Why spoil the surprise ? Besides , we 're already here . [ ALL CHATTERING ] [ ALL SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ] [ CROWD CHEERING ] This is Chad Decker reporting live from St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City where in just a few moments , I will join Anna as she meets with Cardinal Secretary of State Janusz Wolichek to discuss the possibility of inviting missionaries onboard mother ships to teach the Visitors about humanity 's preeminent religious institutions . Welcome , Anna . On behalf his Holiness , I welcome you to the Vatican . Thank you , Cardinal . I am humbled by your esteemed presence . This way , please . JACK : Thank you so much for coming . Watch your step . - Bye . Thank you for coming . MAN : Ha , ha . Father , much more outspoken than usual . Yeah , well , I 'm fed up . I can 't but help feel it 's time to ... It 's time to do something . You 're starting to sound a lot like the Fifth Column , Father . Maybe so . But more and more , I think I get what those guys are trying to do . How 's Tyler handling what happened ? As well as could be expected . Thank you for asking . Not to get awkward , but I , uh , heard about your last two partners . Both missing in the span of a couple of months . Should I be worried ? Depends . You a Mets fan ? If it 'll keep me from going missing , I 'll be whatever you want me to be . When was the last time you talked to this priest ? We hauled him in a few weeks ago , put him through the wringer . I got the same vibe that you did at first . The guy 's got a big mouth , but he 's harmless . ERICA : Father Landry . - Agent , uh , Evans , is it ? - Yes . This is Agent Bolling . Hi . We 'd , uh , like to ask you a few questions about the peace ambassador murders . I heard . It 's a tragedy . Most of this , uh , Fifth Column violence , done by a guy named Eli Cohn . FBI 's been monitoring him . Ever heard of him ? No . Reason we ask is , uh , when it comes to Fifth Column your name keeps popping up . Really ? How exactly does it keep popping up ? You were a person of interest in the shuttle shoot-down . The Healing Center suicide bomber claims your words as his inspiration . Like any man of faith , I speak from my heart . That doesn 't mean I advocate violence or I 'm a threat . But you 're no saint . Your Army jacket credits you with two kills of enemy combatants in Iraq . That 's not exactly the usual thing for a chaplain , is it ? I did what I had to do to protect fallen soldiers . Military past , outspoken against the V 's . Take away the collar , you fit the Fifth Column profile pretty good . But I do have a collar . And a homily to write . So unless you have anything more than speculation , you can see yourselves out . - Waste of time . - You 're kidding , right ? Heh . He 's hiding something . It has been my pleasure to welcome many a visiting dignitary but never one as charming , nor , certainly , as exotic as you . You flatter me , Your Eminence . I cannot tell you how much introducing your religion to my people excites me . Introducing Visitors to our faith is an exciting prospect for us as well . I 'm so pleased to hear that . Before you go , there is one more thing . This morning , in New York , three peace ambassadors were killed . The perpetrators , the group that bombed our Healing Centers cited inspiration from one of your parish priests . You agree priests shouldn 't use their position to speak out in hate against any single group . - Certainly not . - Then you 'll understand that before I can recommend your religion I must ask that you issue a strong condemnation of all your clergy who engage in any form of anti-Visitor rhetoric . An unconditional condemnation , of course . [ WHISPERING INAUDIBLY ] All I can offer , Anna , is that I will bring your request to the College . That 's all I can ask for , Your Eminence . That ring that priest wears , I 've seen it before . When I was younger . Find out everything you can about him . COHN [ ON COMPUTER ] : I 've been keeping an eye on you , Father . I 'm glad you finally expressed interest in befriending our cause . It 's time we met . There 's a vacant lot on Sixth and Kittridge . Be there at 3 : 00 today . - I 'll know if you 're not alone . - Israeli . It 's gotta be Cohn . And we 've finally got a bead on him . Nice work setting yourself up as bait . So Cohrs hooked . Okay , now how are we gonna get to him ? First meeting , Cohrs gonna be extra careful . He 'll have his men sweep Jack for tracking devices . There 's no way humanly possible to trail him . So says the human . V tracking I used when I was a sleeper it 's undetectable by human technology . - to be part of this potentially historic union between the Catholic Church and the Visitors . In light of anti-V violence , some say this couldn 't have come at a better time . " In light of recent anti-V violence . " Cohn is playing into Anna 's hands . Giving her exactly the ammunition that she needs . If Anna succeeds , that 's a billion Catholics supporting the lizards . Now , we 're gonna need some friends , even ones like Cohn . We need to at least listen to this guy . He killed three more innocents this morning . He lost that option . Seventeen dead at the Healing Center . Three this morning . I 'm not waiting for the next one . [ BELLS RINGING ] Father . A moment ? These works of art , they 're quite beautiful . They are . I often like to be here alone with my thoughts . Or as alone as one can be in the presence of such magnificent work . This image is quite disturbing . What does it represent ? The underworld . Hell . Where the unrepentant are sent upon their death . Satan , a fallen angel , is surrounded by the souls of the damned . I find it curious that you believe the soul can survive the death of the body . It is the cornerstone of our faith that the soul is immortal meant for everlasting life . The human soul interests you ? Yes . Indeed , very much . For example , do you believe the body can exist without the soul ? It is the soul that makes us human . Without it , well , we would be nothing more than animals . Tyler , you 've gotta stop looking at this . You 're just driving yourself crazy . Priests like him are inciting the Fifth Column . My friends are dead because of it . I 'm not a proponent of violence of any kind . Against anyone . - And certainly not ... - Hey . Let 's get away from all of this for a while , okay ? Let 's go do something . You 're right . I shouldn 't just sit here . I should do something . Tyler , where are you going ? Payback for my friends who were killed this morning . Starting with Father Jack Landry . Tyler , you don 't know that he 's responsible . He 's preaching anti-V hate . That 's good enough . Tyler . Tyler . Going in by yourself is dangerous , Jack . You okay with that ? Well , like you said this morning , I fit the profile for this kind of thing . [ SIGHS ] Why didn 't you tell me about Iraq ? Two kills . Talking about it isn 't going to undo it . Your new partner 's good . Which is not good for us . No , it 's not . He 's one of the best . Magnesium compound . It 'll help us track you . Locked and loaded . Let 's do this . HOBBES : This is where Cohn said to meet ? Where the hell is he ? - Surprise , surprise , eh , Father ? - Not really . Sorry , we gotta take a precaution . He 's clean . Let 's go . He 's headed south . This isn 't right . We shouldn 't be here . No , Lisa , it 's time we sent them a message of our own . - Ty , you 're scaring me . - Why ? For standing up for you ? For the Visitors ? Right ? Tyler , stop . Stop . This is the house of God . [ YELLS ] [ GRUNTS ] Your suspicions about Moreau were correct . ANNA : He is one of us . A sleeper . But he failed to identify himself to me . What else do you know about him ? He was dispatched to Earth by the previous Queen , your mother . His last contact was 15 years ago . According to this , his assignment was to study human emotion and its effect on our species . After all these years , I wonder what he learned about emotions and the soul . Make sure he returns with us when we leave . The College is prepared to render its decision . [ CHATTERING ] Anna I am sorry , but after careful deliberation with the full College of Cardinals we will not condemn those clergy who feel called upon to speak their minds . Your Eminence , distinguished company in the short time I have been among humans I have come to understand the simple power that faith holds . But its simplicity is also its weakness . Why do over a billion followers look to you and your Church for answers ? Because the answers lie here . Because they believe the answers lie here . And why do they believe that ? Their faith requires it . But their faith in your institution is born from proof . Countless moments , large and small , over the centuries that fuel their faith . You call them miracles . Our gifts to the people of Earth the Healing Centers , Blue Energy , Red Rain ? Merely products of highly advanced science . But also viewed as miracles by many . It would be tragic for centuries of faith to suddenly turn from you to me . All because I can be mistaken for someone with answers . Believe me , that 's not something I want . But how many more miracles do you think it would take for your followers to look to me ? One a day ? Two ? I only ask that you reevaluate your decision . In the name of faith , of course . We 've received word the College of Cardinals has voted unanimously to welcome the Visitors as potential members of the Church , and will issue a statement shortly condemning all anti-V rhetoric among its clergy . Anna now looks forward to meeting with leaders from other major religions hoping for a similar welcome . Your Eminence . - Excuse me . - Mr. Decker . What do you need ? There was a priest by your side earlier . - I wanted to say bye but I can 't find him . - Yes , Father Moreau . I have been informed he 's to be the first missionary amongst the Visitors . He 's leaving with Anna . [ ALL GRUNTING ] Hello , Father Landry . I 'm Eli Cohn . Jack ! Fire in the hole ! [ GRUNTS ] Drop your weapon . Step away . Three against one , mate . Make the smart move . I got a good shot on him , Erica . Erica ? Evans ? What , you don 't think I do my homework ? No FBI flak . Obviously off the grid on this one . And since I 'm not dead you must be Fifth Column . We 're all on the same side , are we not ? That 's what we 're here to find out . Difference is , unlike you , we don 't kill innocent people . They 're not innocent . They 're collaborators . So that 's your answer , to murder your own kind ? There are some things you just don 't do , even in war . This isn 't like any war we 've ever fought . You see , Anna needs our cooperation . That 's the only way she can use us for breeding . - For breeding . - How do you know this ? - How do you know it ? Eighteen years ago , my wife suffered through a difficult pregnancy . She delivered a healthy boy but he died suddenly when he was only a few months old . Wouldrt accept there was no explanation . I investigated her doctor and come to find out he 's been working with the Visitors . They did something to my wife when she was pregnant . Did something to my son . I 'm not a monster , Erica . Father . Mr. Decker . - You know who I am ? - Of course . As does the world . You claim to be a true friend to Anna and the Visitors spreading their message like a prophet . I noticed how you reacted to Anna today . You were bothered by her presence at the Vatican , werert you ? As were you . I don 't understand . You volunteered to be the first missionary to the Visitors . That was a story that Anna created . Who are you ? Just a faithful soul . No , it 's more than that , isn 't it ? - Let me help you . - No . My fate is already sealed . But yours is not . Whatever feelings you have about Anna , trust them . Keep up your fight . God be with you . What information have you extracted ? None , I 'm afraid . He seems to possess some inner strength that allows him to fight memory retrieval . Leave me . Both of you . [ GASPS ] You have been infected by human emotion . Is that why you didn 't identify yourself to me at the Vatican ? I was given explicit orders to report only to my Queen . I am your Queen . All this time you have been studying human emotions and the soul . I demand that you tell me everything you 've discovered . I would only tell Diana what I 've learned . You wanna see your Queen ? She 's in hell . Like other souls of the damned . Maybe we can work something out here . This doesn 't have to end badly for you . This doesn 't have to end badly for any of us . If you join me . Anna was at the Vatican today . She 's making big moves . - We need to do the same . - Big moves . Like the three kids you strung up this morning ? More suicide bombs ? How many more innocent souls do you plan to take ? My faith taught me to value every soul . But in this kind of war I 've had to learn to adapt . Compromise , make sacrifices . And so will you . You know what ? Maybe we can use this guy . - Malik 's body . - What are you talking about ? Erica , you want someone responsible for this morning 's ambassador murders . We need someone to pin Malik 's death on to close the investigation . - Two birds with one stone . - Yeah . He 's right , Erica . I think there 's a way we can cement this bond . We have no bond . I will give you the two men who killed the peace ambassadors . You can use them as scapegoats for your partner 's disappearance . They 'll be in this cabin here tonight at 9 : 00 , ready to take the fall . - And why would they do that ? - I already told you , Father . Sacrifice . Do we have a deal ? Go to your Queen . Piers . I thought that you were dead , my Queen . Make him tell us everything he knows about the soul . It 's okay . Tell me what you know . Yes , my Queen . Years ago , you tasked me with determining the risk of human emotion contaminating our species . Among all those that we have bred with , it is now my determination that the human soul is truly unique . It is not a curse but it is in fact the greatest gift our species has ever found . We must not run from it . We must embrace it and make it part of us . For 15 years , I have been confined in this place . All those years , I 've never lost hope . Never lost the will to live . It was the soul that sustained you , my Queen . And if protected , it will sustain our species in the future . Enough . I will use what you know to eradicate the soul . When you are being skinned , inch by inch , you 'll tell me everything . Indeed , I probably would . I am grateful that it will be you , my Queen . [ SQUEALING ] [ GROANING ] What have you done ? I gave a loyal servant the honorable death he deserved . He 's right , daughter . The soul is not a curse . It is a blessing . And we must not deny our species this gift . Congratulations , Mother . You just killed your only ally . I refuse to believe our only chance to stop Anna lies in joining up with someone like Cohn . - Time to start believing , Father . Our merry little band just ain 't cutting it . Look , I don 't like him any more than you do . But if we could use him to tie up Malik 's death and blame it on somebody else that 's an offer we can 't pass up . We have to close the Malik investigation . And I want the men who murdered those peace ambassadors this morning . It 's always that first bite of the apple . Oh , my God . What happened ? - Anybody hurt ? - No . Three teenagers . Happened so quick , I didn 't really see anything . - What 'd the police say ? - I didn 't call the authorities . I didn 't wanna bring any more attention on to you . Me ? It 's your anti-V rhetoric that 's turned our church into a target . You did this , Jack . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] Erica . Kendrick said you were back . Thank you for covering me . I got to spend some time with Tyler . Look , Erica we 're not just partners , we 're friends . - It is nice to have someone that I can ... - Trust ? You get anywhere in our investigation ? Going after surveillance warrants for that priest . And ? It 's gonna take a couple days , but I 'll get them . Five Brothers Textiles . That 's the suicide bomber investigation , yeah ? Yeah . It 's the last place Malik and I were checking out before she was abducted . I did what you suggested . I took a step back and I gave old evidence a fresh wide-angle look . - This ... this stuck out . - A receipt ? On the other side there 's a number . I thought it was an address or a partial phone number but wide-angle got me thinking . So I put the number through a substitution cipher and I got a hit on the result with the tri-state DMV . It 's a plate number for a blue van . Witnesses at the peace ambassador murders ID 'd a blue van leaving the scene . I got the address too . It 's a cabin , upstate New York . Wide-angle . FBI ! Get down . Get down ! CHRIS : Erica ! Oh , my God . Malik . I 'm sorry . Your partner deserved better . Yeah . I wasrt able to get Malik out alive . And the Fifth Column who killed her ? Give an anonymous call , point the FBI in the right direction . Malik 's true identity was not compromised ? She never broke . I disposed of her remains and I brought that back to you for proof . Now bliss my daughter . Not yet . We had a deal . I still need something from you . Getting this brought you in proximity to Eli Cohn , correct ? - Correct . - Good . I want you to get close to him . Get him to trust you . You want Cohn so bad why don 't you take him out yourself ? - I don 't want just him . I want all of them . I want you to infiltrate his organization . Become my eyes and ears . And when the time comes , you will help me destroy them all . [ DOOR CLOSES ] Need a hand ? [ SIGHS ] With the vandalism , no . But with this ... Coming off the heels of Anna 's visit to the Vatican Church officials have issued a statement condemning all anti-V rhetoric from clergy worldwide . Effective immediately , the Vatican pledges that intolerance against the Visitors will be dealt with swiftly and severely . Are you gonna be okay ? Probably not . Because I 'm not gonna stop speaking out . That 's Tyler 's phone . This is the house of God ! This is the house of God ! I 'm so sorry , Jack . - This is not the boy that I raised . - I know . I feel like I 'm losing him . Jack , I ... I need help . I 'll do anything I can . Any problem pushing through that surveillance order ? No . I pulled footage from every traffic camera near Jack Landry 's church . You asked me to tell you if I noticed anything suspicious about Erica Evans . Said she hadrt spoken to him in weeks . This was taken four days ago . You gonna be okay with this assignment , Bolling ? I know you two are friends . That 's why you asked for me , isn 't it ? [ English - US - SDH ]
