 NARRATOR : Previously on V : How many times have I warned you your hatred would cost you your faith ? The hostage has now been identified as Erica Evans . I have no illusions I 'm gonna walk out of here alive . - You and Fierro must . - You want me to leave ? - Prove me right about you , Erica . - You betrayed your friends . I can never forgive you . I have an assignment for you . Bring this within 100 yards of Eli Cohrs building . If you had stopped the Fifth Column , then maybe Dad would be alive ! Tyler . I can 't tell you how sorry I am about your father 's death . Thomas tells me you 've adapted nicely to life on the mother ship . You 've embraced the pilot training program . Yes . Everything 's been great up here . Thank you . Before one can begin deep-space flight all pilots must take one final physical examination . A formality , of course . It all starts here . The examination will assess Tyler 's DNA to assure he 's medically ready . Have Joshua report back with the results . - Yes , my Queen . - Finally , everything 's falling into place . Eli Cohn and Fifth Column have been obliterated . Marcus will recover from his injuries . And Concordia moves forward . Landing sites for breeding ships can begin construction . And with Tyler aboard , we can begin the next phase of interbreeding . I 'm surprised you didn 't bring a hatbox . Heh . Don 't worry , I won 't crowd your closet space . I 'll leave plenty of room for all your cool black T-shirts . [ LAUGHING ] - Yeah . - Look , Hobbes thanks for the offer to let me stay here . It 's only temporary until I can find a place . Twelve years in the church , my whole life fits into two duffel bags . What 's the over-under on you killing each other within the week ? Erica , I 've been trying to reach you . - You okay ? - I 'm fine . Thanks . Have you talked to Tyler ? Not since Joe 's funeral . He 's on the ship . Wort return my calls . I don 't wanna talk about it . I 'm sorry . [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ] Who the hell 's that ? That is Fierro . Eli 's man . I asked him to meet us here . You gave him my address ? We need to trust this guy . He 's our only conduit in the army we need to take Anna down . You are still on bereavement leave . Are you ready to jump back into this ? Anna wants a war ? I 'm gonna give her one . Let him in . [ BUZZING ] John Fierro , this is Kyle Hobbes , Jack Landry . My top lieutenants . Good to meet you . Well , I walked through fire with Eli . If he trusted you , so do I. I 'm glad to hear it . Because I 'm ready to assume leadership of the Fifth Column as Eli requested . There 's a group of trusted lieutenants from around the world . Eli relied on them . In the wake of his death , they 're gathering in Bangkok . You need to be there . Fake IDs have gotten me in and out of the East a time or two . ERICA : I guess we 're going to Bangkok . How do we get started ? Vitals are excellent , but his phosphorus levels are not as high as they need to be . Red Rain should have infused him with phosphorus for interbreeding . Every humars biology is unique . Tyler 's body appears to be rejecting the surge of phosphorus . Administer a concentrated dose to him . I cannot guarantee Tyler will absorb enough to make him viable . We may have to alter our plans . Have the backup candidates been tested ? Rafael , a young man from Barcelona . He is our most promising . Arrange for Rafael to visit with Lisa . What if she rejects him ? Lisa will breed with whomever I tell her to . Tyler , you 're gonna be a great pilot . Really ? I passed my physical ? Yes . In fact , Thomas says you 're ready for your first overnight flight . Thank you . Thank you so much . Go get ready . Tyler , I 'm counting on you . It 'll be easier to explore Rafael 's potential with him out of the way . Administer phosphorus injection to Tyler . See how he responds . And if his levels remain low ? Then unfortunately for him he is no longer of use to us . [ PEOPLE CHATTERING ] We respected Eli . But his decision to hand over leadership was unilateral and unnecessary . We already have many plans in motion , Agent Evans . Including a strike to avenge Eli 's death . The suicide bombings , the attacks against innocent humans you 're throwing pebbles at a giant . - I told you this was a waste of time . - Stop . If we are going to defeat the V 's , we need to change tactics . Eli died at the hands of the Visitors because his plan didn 't work . We are going to bring this war to Anna . I have contacts on her ship . Access that you don 't have , that you will never have . Eli chose her to lead . We owe it to him to give her a chance . Present us with a plan . If not , leadership will pass to someone who 's already proven their won 'th . Tyler 's very excited about the pilot training program . He leaves on his first overnight trip tonight . All of your plans are coming together . Tyler hasn 't spoken to his mother in over a week . We are finally becoming his family . In the meantime , I have an assignment for you . While Tyler is away , you will meet a young man named Rafael . I want you to entertain him . What about Tyler ? If he senses my disloyalty to him , it could upset everything . My plans for Tyler are none of your concern . You will entertain Rafael . Don 't question me again . [ COMPUTER BEEPING ] Hi . How 'd the meeting go ? Eli Cohrs lieutenants don 't think I have what it takes to lead them . We 've fought this war on our own before , Erica . It 's bigger than us now , Jack . If we 're going to defeat Anna , we need an army to do it . How do we do that ? We start by asking the big question : Why are the Visitors here ? If we know what Anna wants , we 'll know how to stop her . JACK : Well , we know they want us for breeding . - But we don 't know what that means . CHAD : The live-aboards . When I interviewed her last week she said the next batch to come up will be the last . If Anna 's stopping live-aboards ... It means she got whatever she needed . Question is what ? There might be someone who can help us find out . Anna 's daughter , Lisa . She 's a friend . Anna 's daughter is working against her ? Anna can never find out . Get to Lisa . Tell her I sent you . Sid , where are you on the research ? - I reached the scientific community . - And ? There were cases of boys with part of their DNA missing . So far , all the ones I 've found died as infants . Keep looking . We need to find everything we can about the other boys . [ CHATTERING ] What did Eli tell you about his sors death ? Well , he had me investigate it . So I started with the doctor who delivered him , Avner Nizani . Were you able to find Nizani ? He 's dead . But I kept digging , looked into his practice . All the babies he delivered 18 years ago , an unusually high number of them died . Cause of death was listed as Sudden Infant Death Syndrome . It 's possible those babies died because their DNA was messed with . They wouldn 't have checked for that . I found a common link between the babies who died . All their mothers suffered from preeclampsia . Many of the mothers also were treated by the same specialist , Dr. Veena Rai . I know her . She treated me . - I looked everywhere . - You couldn 't find her ? - No . How did you know ? FIERRO : I couldn 't either . But I reached out , I enlisted help from Eli 's contacts around the world . - Any luck ? - Yeah . There 's a cop in Hong Kong . Thinks he 's found Dr. Rai . If it is Rai , she might know what the Visitors did to those boys . And why . I want to talk to Dr. Rai . We 're going to Hong Kong . Leave us . Rafael is en route from Barcelona as you requested . According to his file , his phosphorous levels are ideal . Joshua , you 're one of my most trusted advisors . What I 'm about to ask you requires the utmost discretion . I 'm beginning to sense a weakness in Lisa . It 's possible she is experiencing human emotions . What can I do to help , my Queen ? Lie to her . Tell her your memory is returning . That you recall what it 's like to experience human emotions . Whatever she says or does report to me directly . DIANA : It 's taken a week for you to decide you can trust me ? I would have come sooner , but my mother watches my every move . You 're under a great deal of pressure as future Queen . What 's troubling you , my dear ? A while ago , my mother instructed me to get close to a boy named Tyler . Now she 's ordered I get close to someone else . Why would she do that ? Another boy ? Anna must be changing her plans . You care for this boy , Tyler , don 't you ? No . Our species is not supposed to have human emotion . Embrace them , Lisa . I had to learn the hard way . Emotions can give you power unlike anything else . - Lf my mother ever knew , she 'd ... - Throw you down here like she did me . That 's why she can never know that you have feelings for Tyler . For any human being . What about the other boy ? I don 't want to be with him . You shouldn 't have to , Lisa . But you must protect yourself . You must convince Anna that you are the loyal and obedient daughter she expects you to be . Your safety , and our survival , depend on it . Lisa . - Chad Decker , WNT News . - My mother speaks very highly of you . I 've been meaning to talk to Anna about doing an exclusive interview with you . What it 's like being the V First Daughter . It 'd be a great piece . Whatever my mother wants . Erica Evans says you might be able to help me . And why would Mrs. Evans say that ? Because I 'm working with her . I don 't know what you mean . I know the truth , Lisa . You helped Erica destroy Anna 's soldier eggs . You want to stop your mother , just like I do . What do you want from me ? I know the live-aboards have been tortured . You need to help us find out why . Lives depend on it , Lisa . Please . Lisa , may I have a word ? Joshua , what are you doing here ? As you know , when I was shot , my memory was wiped clean . Lately , some of it has started to return . I only remember fragments but I do remember being Fifth Column . And feeling human emotion . These memories seem so real . I want to talk about them . And I remember that I once did . With you . Obviously you remember wrong . Of course , my Queen . Forgive me . [ CHATTERING ] Are you kidding ? Hong Kong cops never heard of a donut shop ? Chicken feet are a delicacy . You 've tracked down someone Eli was looking for . A Dr. Veena Rai . Is this who you 're looking for ? That 's her . CHIANG : She took a long time to find . She 's living under an assumed name here in Hong Kong . - Maybe we should pay her a visit . - Rai lives in a highly secure building . Police are wired into apartment security . I can 't shut the system down . I can . Hacking is my specialty . Well , it 's one specialty , anyway . CHIANG : You 'll only have a very short window . The system does internal checks every 15 minutes . Sounds an alarm if anything is amiss . Just get us in . We need to find out what Rai did to my son . Hong Kong P.D. Will never know we were there . [ CHATTERING OVER RADIO ] [ IN CANTONESE ] [ CHATTERING OVER RADIO ] Careful . - So ? - Yeah . We 'll go on Chiang 's signal . All right . We 're in . [ PHONE RINGING ] - Yeah ? CHIANG : Erica . We 've tapped in . The monitors will go on a loop . You 've got 15 minutes before the system automatically reboots . Good to go . Now . Let 's go . [ KNOCKING ON DOOR ] [ IN CANTONESE ] [ HOBBES SPEAKING IN CANTONESE ] - Who do you think you are ? - Un ! - I trusted you . - Who are you ? You treated me . Me and my baby . Eighteen years ago . - You were to take care of us . ral : You 're making a mistake . I don 't know who you are . Please ... [ GRUNTS ] Get her hands . No . [ YELLS ] She 's a V. Let me be very clear . I am going to skin you slowly from neck to tail until you tell me everything that you did to my son . And I 'm going to keep you alive so that you feel every cut . Tell me where your safe is . - Where ? Where ? - Un . The bedroom . - Show me . - Come on . We gotta move . [ GRUNTS ] It 's up there . Not that one , sweetheart . The lizard 's safe . Right . What 's the combination ? [ YELLING ] We gotta move . Okay , I need tools . Power drill , flashlight , whatever you can find . Hurry , cops will be here soon . - Flashlight . - I 've got the drill . Gonna raise the pressure on the inside till it 's higher than the outside . Trick is not blowing up the contents in the process . Pretty quick to slice and dice back there , Evans . - How 'd you know Rai was a lizard ? - I didn 't . - I like this new you . - Heh . - That 's very Mission : Lmpossible . - Detcord . I never leave home without it . Good thing . - Got that flashlight ? - Yeah . Thank you . - Here , your hands are smaller . - Yeah . - Obviously . - Keep going , keep going . - All the way in . - Yeah , I got it . Keep going . Like half an inch . That 's good . That 's good . - I 'll let you finish . - I 'll take it from here , yeah . It 's a holo device . We found one in Malik 's safe . Go . It 's okay , we 've got two minutes . [ CHATTERING ON RADIO ] [ IN CANTONESE ] Thank you . Jack . Just hear me out , okay ? What are you gonna say , Ryan , huh ? You lied to us . - Betrayed us . - I never gave your names to Anna . Your actions killed dozens of people . - Erica 's ex is dead because of you . - You don 't think I know that ? Anna had my baby , Jack . Okay , I made a mistake , but there was nothing else I could do . No , Ryan . You could have told us the truth . We didn 't even know you survived the bombing . I have to get my baby away from Anna . I need help . You know , of all the people I thought you would be the one that understands . Everybody needs a second chance . I 'm not a priest anymore , Ryan . It 's not my job to absolve you . Rai visited the same cities over and over for 19 years . There 's 29 boys here . In 29 cities . Each one has a mother ship parked over them . They 're there because of those boys . Oh , my God . Tyler 's not the only one . - Lf Anna has others ... - That means that Tyler my son , is expendable . We 'll figure it out , Erica . We 'll figure it out , we 'll stop her . And we 'll keep Tyler safe . Any idea what these are ? ERICA : Prenatal vitamins . I took those when I was pregnant . What ? Why would a doctor keep prenatal vitamins in a safe ? They wouldn 't . Unless they were trying to hide something . What the hell was that ? [ DOOR OPENS ] Welcome back . I thought you were done with the priest routine . Well , it doesn 't work like that . Wherever I walk , he walks . Try to keep him contained to your corner , all right ? Why ? Are you afraid of what he 's going to find in yours ? So , uh , how 'd it go in Hong Kong ? We found prenatal pills with these freaky metal bugs inside them . Science boy is taking a look . Also , seems that Erica 's kid isn 't the only one that Anna 's keeping her eye on . There are 28 more . Really ? [ PHONE RINGING ] Erica . We 'll be right there . [ PHONE RINGING ] Thank you . Chad Decker . LISA : Chad . I found out why my mother wanted the live-aboards . I 'm sending you information that will explain it all . SID : Come here , look at this . They programmed these things to go after DNA with a Y chromosome . That 's why the pregnant mothers and baby girls werert affected . We know what they did , and how they did it , but we still don 't know why . They created empty space in the DNA to put something in , but what ? I think I might know . Lisa came through . She downloaded the live-aboards ' medical files . Anna isn 't choosing these live-aboards randomly . She 's inviting people up to the ship who are exceptional . Genetically exceptional . " High fertility . Elevated immunity . Longevity . " And this part : " Gene extraction complete . " Dates must be when they put the live-aboards into the needle machine . - Stealing DNA from live-aboards ? She 's not just stealing any DNA . She is harvesting the best of the best . That 's awesome . I mean , definitely not awesome . But it explains something that 's been driving me crazy . All right . This is from Alpha , the V skeleton I found . His DNA is a hundred times more complex than normal DNA . But then there 's this . This is Malik 's DNA . It 's one thousand times more complex than Alpha 's . - Weird , right ? - Yeah . Okay , so ? The genetic evolution from Alpha to Malik should have taken 5000 years . The V 's did it in 50 . Give it to us in English , Einstein . This explains why the V 's didn 't just annihilate us . They need us alive . They 're stealing the best of our DNA . They 're using us to fast-track their own evolution . Rafael has arrived . Did you approach Lisa like I asked ? I did . She gave no indication she has ever felt human emotion . She could be testing you . You may be right . I saw Lisa looking through medical files . What files ? I don 't know . She does not know that I saw her . I was told this is where I could find Lisa . You must be Rafael . I didn 't know you had arrived . Yes , a short time ago . This ship it is quite impressive . You have only seen a small part . Once I show you the rest you 'll never want to leave . You 're very handsome . I can 't do this . I 'm sorry . You have to go . Why did you send him away ? You directly disobeyed my orders . I am tired of being told what to do . I demand you tell me what your plan is for me . How dare you talk to me like that ? You want to strike me , don 't you ? Yes , I do . Then what 's stopping you ? [ GRUNTS ] I didn 't mean it . I 'm sorry , Mother . Don 't be . It 's your breeding skin fueling the aggression you need to become Queen . But you 're not Queen yet . And until you are , you will do as I tell you . The problem with Lisa may be more serious than I first thought . We cannot proceed with interbreeding without Lisa . There 's something I need to show you . A queen egg ? I had it preserved . The last of my clutch . If Lisa proves disloyal , she can be replaced . This egg is my only alternate to interbreeding . The very survival of our species may depend on it . Can you hatch it safely ? - Yes . - Then begin the process immediately . But it will take years for the new Queen to reach maturity . Our accelerated growth experiments have not proven successful . Then run more . The children from your final clutch have all matured . The only option would be ... The hybrid baby . At birth , she did appear more Visitor than human . Our skin , our tail , our claws . Do it . Such experimentation could result in the hybrid 's death . Then she 'll die serving her Queen . It 's possible the Visitors have been doing this all across the universe . Consuming the best of every life form they encounter to create a superior master species . - Now they 're doing it here on Earth . - And these boys fit in how ? Each of the 29 boys is missing a part of their DNA . There 's a void . We believe that the V 's plan to fill that void with a mixture of genes they 've stolen . What happens after they insert the new DNA ? I 'll find out . In just two days , working with my team I have uncovered a vital part of the V 's plan . Imagine what I could do with an army . What you 've discovered is most impressive . What 's next ? Before I tell you , I need to know that you trust me unequivocally as leader of the Fifth Column . We 're ready to follow you , Agent Evans . All of us . Anna is about to welcome the final group of live-aboards onto the ship . We suspect that once she gets their DNA she 'll have what she needs to move on to the next part of her plan . We 're going to stop that from happening . Tyler is proving to be quite a capable pilot . Good . Joshua , check Tyler 's phosphorus levels immediately . I am hopeful we can move forward with him . How did Lisa respond to Rafael ? Not as well as I would have liked . I convinced him to stay on the ship for now . However , Lisa must be dealt with . Joshua , how are we progressing with my backup plan ? We 've initiated the experimentation as you requested . Perhaps you 'd like to see the results for yourself . The hybrid survived the aging experiment . However , there was an unforeseen side effect . Her maturation has strengthened her immune system . Her body seems to have healed itself of its chronic pain . That means we no longer have leverage over Ryan Nichols . Where 's my daughter ? Look at you . Mommy . Welcome back , Ryan . Eli Cohn is dead and the Fifth Column have been neutralized as a threat . As a reward , you get to spend a few hours with your daughter . Thank you , my Queen . Excellent work , Joshua . Ryars cover has been compromised within Fifth Column . He is no longer of any use to us . Arrange to have him eliminated . Quietly . Oh , man , there is nothing like that . I mean , nothing . Tyler . - I missed you . - I missed you too . But I have to take a shower . Thomas is teaching me how to download my report . Tyler , you can 't keep running away from me . What are you talking about ? I know you 're holding in your emotions . But your father just died . It 's okay to be sad . To feel . You don 't get it , Lisa . I don 't want to feel anything anymore . I just want to be a shuttle pilot and forget about my past . LISA : You were right . I do care about Tyler . He 's the one I want to be with . I 'm no longer sure he wants to be with me . I 'm sure you will figure it out , my dear . I will help you . I am so grateful that I found you . You 're the only one that understands what I 'm going through . I learned a long time ago what you have already seen . And what your mother refuses to recognize : The good in human emotion . Tyler used to care , he used to feel . Now I 'm no longer sure . I disobeyed her today . I couldn 't control my emotions . Now I 'm worried she suspects I 've changed . You 're on very dangerous territory , my dear . Your mother must suspect nothing . Trust no one on the ship . No one but me . And you must keep my presence a secret . I won 't tell anyone . I promise . I know you are afraid , my dear . But everything will be okay . Why are you doing this ? Because your mother never did . What 's this ? I 'm all alone up here . It 's so we can always be in touch . And not risk my mother finding out . [ English - US - SDH ]
