 My name is Anna . Don 't be frightened . We are of peace . Always . It is important that you don 't get involved with the visitors . A human is carrying a visitor baby . I 'm pleased the baby survived . The mother , however , did not . You 're a visitor . There 's others like me . They 're called the 5th Column . I want you to investigate the Fifth Column . - We have to crush them . - We need more soldiers . - An army . - I 'll make one . Anna 's V soldier eggs are about to hatch . I have a plan . There is a war at hand . Let " V " stand for " Victory . " You 're experiencing human emotion . - Do you know what you 've done ? - They must pay . Mom , what is this ? What did you do to us ? Why did you do this ? You killed my children , so I killed yours . This is virtually impossible in this situation . I just wanna make sure that if forensics has new data , that we get it . Didn 't I send you home ? Go get some sleep . Four days since red sky , no bottom in sight . And I should go home ? - Anyone cleared a meeting with Anna ? - Negative . World leaders continue to reach out , but her majesty Anna remains silent . Guess on her planet that 's a show of power . Unfortunately , on ours , silence means guilt . There 's still no proof the visitors are behind this . Either way , we need to get up there , talk to them , find out . The longer we wait to answer the humans ' questions , the sooner they could reach it on their own . Even if the humans determine its composition , they 'll never be able to discern its true purpose . Perhaps . I have been monitoring the work of their top environmental scientists . There is one , a Dr. Ellis Watts ... whose research is approaching dangerous proximity to the truth . Eliminate him . There is another matter to discuss . The captains of the 29 ships were caught off guard by the sudden release of red sky . They 're concerned that you yourself have been affected by human emotion , that you 're losing control , your ability to rule ... effectively . Do you also feel that I 'm losing control ? Of course not , my queen . Set up a holo-conference with the captains immediately . The captains are already en route , to see you in person . Notify me when they 've arrived . Yes ? My queen , there 's a situation with the prisoner . Don 't worry . I 'm gonna get you outta here . I promise . You disappoint me . Even after you rebelled against me , I brought you back . I offered you everything . A home , I gave you bliss . Yet you continue to resist . I don 't want to your bliss . - I want to see my daughter . - No , you want to take her . Away from this prison , before you kill her , like you did her mother . You 've done nothing but run tests on me . - Who knows what you 're doing to her ? - I 'm trying to discover how she ... a miracle , the first hybrid baby between human and V was born . She was born out of something you will never understand ... Love . If it 's humans you love so much , you should be with them . Take him down to earth . He 's never to return . Your daughter stays with me . It 's been two months since the arrival of Anna and the visitors . Earth 's first contact with alien life captured the hope and imagination of the entire world , but now a very different tone ... Acceptance and gratitude over such gifts as healing centers and blue energy replaced by anger and civil unrest . Reports of rioting continue to flow in , and we 've now received word that officials in Washington are scrambling to mobilize the military in case of all-out war . Here on the streets of Manhattan , some citizens have begun stocking up on food , water , and medical supplies , dreading that we may be inching closer to disaster . As a result of this , some have sought sanctuary in houses of worship , praying for answers of any kind from either God or Anna . In response to the rioting in the streets , some citizens have begun stockpiling guns and ammunition . As one New Yorker remarked , " if Anna 's bringing Armageddon , " I 'm going out fighting . " Eyewitnesses report that the Visitor Peace Ambassador Center has become a powder keg waiting to explode , as remaining visitors on the ground , fearing for their safety , prepare to board the last shuttles back to the mother ship . It is safe to say that relations between visitors and humans are all but shattered . And still with no word from the visitors and world leaders stymied by their silence , the question remains . Is there anyone who can stand up to Anna ? We 've gotta get to Anna . There 's nothing we can do . At least not through official channels . You know what ? You 're right . I 'm wrecked . I 'm gonna go home . Do it on my own . Ryan Nichols has returned to earth . You 're questioning why I released him . We tested him and found nothing . The answers about the hybrid lie in the child itself . - What if he joins Fifth Column ? - That 's exactly what I want him to do . His hatred towards me will drive him into the heart of the Fifth Column . Once there , we can use him to destroy them from within . He 's rebelled against you time and again . You think you can control him this time ? We have his child . Four days , and we still have no clue about red sky . The only one with answers is Anna . It 's not like we can just ring the lizard queen on her cell . " Hello , Anna . Fifth Column here . May we have a word ? " I need to get on that ship . It 's me . Where have you been ? We were worried . - I was up on the ship . - Four days ? Doing what , having a family reunion ? No , I was a prisoner . A soldier found Val and took her up to the mother ship . I did all I could . I went up there after her . Where 's Val ? Dead . I 'm sorry . The baby ? Anna 's got her . I tried to get her out , get her away ... But Anna caught me , and she threw me off the ship . Interesting story . He shows up out of the blue , and we 're supposed to believe him ? If I would have sold you out , V soldiers would have come through that door . So she just let you go ? And now she wants nothing in return ? Mom , I 'm at the Peace Ambassador Center . They 're rioting . Stay put . I will be right there . There 's a riot at the Peace Ambassador Center . Tyler 's there . I understand there are questions amongst you regarding the release of the red sky . I assure you it was all part of my plan . And no one , human or visitor ... can comprehend the magnitude of what is coming . There 's also concern that I 've been infected by the human skin . You have no cause for worry . I have everything under control . I 'm so appreciative of your trust ... Your confidence ... Your loyalty . I may wear this skin , but I never forget what we are beneath . Team Lézards 2x01 - Red Rain - Save our sky ! Save our sky ! Mom , I was trying to get up on the ship to see Lisa . - It was the last shuttle up . - It 's okay . Just stay with me . I 'm gonna get you out of here , okay ? Back off . Back off ! Mom , I 'm fine . It 's okay . Let me see . Let me see . Okay , look , you 're hurt . I 'm gonna get you help . Excuse me . Excuse me ! I 'm Erica Evans , FBI , Fifth Column task force . Anna knows me . This is my son Tyler . He needs to get up on the ship . He needs medical attention . Anna will want to know . She will want to help . Call her ! It 's okay . It 's okay . Stay back ! Agent Evans . I 've been authorized to bring your son up to the mother ship . He 's not going without me . Agent Evans , we have to go now . Are you sure we 're gonna be okay , father ? Yes . Yes . We 're gonna be ... Please , take a seat . Thank you , father . What are you doing here ? Did you see what it 's like outside ? The sky is bleeding . I came to pray . You 're not welcome here , not after what you 've done . Wait . What do you want ? Redemption . I saw something on the ship . Anna 's torturing the live aboards with some kind of needle machine . They 're put into it , and ... I helped get them up there . I promoted the " Live Aboard " program . People thought the healing centers were safe because they saw Chad Decker 's aneurysm get healed . News flash , father ... Anna gave me that aneurysm . People trusted me , and I used that trust exactly the way Anna wanted me to . I 'm not sure how I can help you , Chad , or if I want to . Father , please . Give me another chance . A chance to fight with the 5th Column . You 're not asking for another chance . You 're asking for forgiveness . Only God can offer you that . You want my trust ? Earn it . You 'll be okay . Thank you . Mrs. Evans , is he all right ? Don 't worry . Tyler 's gonna be fine . It looks worse than it is . I needed an excuse to get up on the ship to see you . What is happening ? First the sky turns red , now the rain . - What the hell is your mother doing ? - I don 't know . We need your help . Joshua was our most important ally on the ship . With him dead ... Without someone up here , the 5th Column doesn 't stand a chance . The only one besides my mother who might know about the red sky , is Marcus . See what you can find out . I 'll do my best , Mrs. Evans . Thank you . Mom , I 'm fine . You could have been seriously hurt . We wanted to take all precautions , leave nothing to chance . Thank you for letting him up on the ship . Every being in the universe understands a mother 's pain when her child suffers . You would have done the same . I would . There are other mothers down there . - Excuse me ? - Have you seen what 's happening ? People are panicking , my son took a blow to the head , the sky ... It 's raining red . The whole world needs answers . Why are you hiding ? I came here to check on your son , not to be questioned . Now that I know he 's okay . Stop ! My job is to protect you . How the hell am I supposed to do that if I don 't know what you 're doing ? You want to know what red sky is ? I 'll show you . When ? Now . Please , don 't be frightened . I 'm aware of your concerns . The time for answers has come . Red sky and red rain are not to be feared . Just the opposite . Like the healing centers and blue energy ... That is why I was forced to wait until I had proof , to show you what it truly is . Red sky is a gift to mankind , a gift of a new beginning . Red sky will heal your oceans , make fertile your barren lands , and reverse global warming . It will undo a century of damage and give earth a new beginning . We came in peace , and you welcomed us . We will not betray you . We are of peace . Always . I hope your concerns have been addressed . They have , Anna . Thank you . Mom , don 't you think you should apologize to Anna ? No apology necessary , Erica . You 've been a good friend to me . Good-bye . We should go . Actually , I think I 'm gonna stay up here for a bit . Me and Lisa haven 't seen each other in a while , so ... Don 't worry , Erica . Next to my daughter , Tyler 's the most important thing to me . I 'll keep my eye on him . Have fun . Good-bye , Mrs. Evans . A scientist , Dr. Ellis Watts , New York State University . Lisa , a moment . You 're to perform your duties with Tyler ... all of them . You haven 't seen each other for four days . Tyler should know how happy you are to see him . Of course , mother . Well , that was one hell of a show Anna put on . She 's covering up something big . Dr. Watts ' office is inside . He may know what it is . We better be careful , because if this guy 's on Anna 's radar , we never know what we could be walking into . You stay outside , watch our backs , let us know if a tail shows up ? Can I help you ? We 're looking for Dr. Watts . - Sorry . He 's not here . - Do you know where he is ? Skies turned blue . I 'd check the putting green . I 'm his associate , Dr. Sidney Miller . Is there anything I could help you with ? It 's a tracker . He reports us back to Anna , it 's all over with . Move ! - Ease up ! - Get off me , Hobbes ! - What happened ? - Somebody 's got anger issues . What the hell was that ? That did not just happen . That was a visitor . - He 's after your boss , Dr. Watts . - I thought the V 's were of peace . That 's what they want you to think . If that thing would have gotten to your boss , there 'd be nothing left but pieces . That thing , that visitor ... I don 't think it was after Dr. Watts . I think it was after me . We need to take this inside . Come on . Why do you think the visitors are after you and not Dr. Watts ? I think it 's just easier if I show you . A few years ago , I was on a research dig in New Mexico . Found a mass grave site , a crater loaded with bodies . Really creepy . Based on carbon dating , this site was at least 50 years old . All the bones I found were human . Except for these . I named him Alpha . Yeah , it 's one of us . That 's crazy . So that 's you underneath ? I mean , is this a suit of some kind ? The skin 's organic . It 's real , just like yours . The V 's used the human DNA to replicate it , so there 's no suspicion . Enough about this visitor . Let 's talk about that one . Sure . I ran every test on him , DNA , carbon dating . Everything I tried , it all came back inconclusive . I mean , my only theory was that it came from ... Does anybody else know about Alpha or about this place ? Nobody . This is my private lab . All of this research . All of this information about the visitors . - We need him . - What ? What do you mean , need me ? Need me for what ? - For the war . - Against the visitors . Everything that has happened since their arrival has been plotted . The healing centers , the blue energy ... It is all part of their plan against us . Red sky is not Anna 's latest gift . It is her latest weapon . And we do need you . We need your help to figure out the truth . - Look , I 'm not a soldier . - I know . We don 't need your fists . We need your brain . And if you say " no , " we 'll kill you . Relax . I 'm kidding . Maybe . Like it or not , you 're one of us now . What is it , Chad ? Proof you can trust me . You need to show this to the people you 're working with . It first happened a few days after I arrived . On " Live Aboard " ? Yes . I was excited at first . We all were . But then the nightmares began . They were terrible . I know they were just dreams , but they felt so real . I couldn 't move . There were lights and needles . Hundreds of needles all over my body . I 've interviewed nearly 20 women . Children , too . Each of them experienced the very same nightmare . Every story exactly the same . All of them live aboards . That 's the machine that I saw . That 's what the V 's are doing to the live aboards , to innocent people , our people , and I 'm gonna stop it . How ? I 'm gonna broadcast this tape . I have to do something . What else am I supposed to do ? Use this , father . Use me in your fight . - I really missed you . - Me , too . My mother wouldn 't let me contact anyone . I know . I was worried . I thought that maybe you didn 't want to be with me anymore . Lisa has performed well . She 'll make an excellent queen . One day . Where are we with the next step of the plan ? Everything is back on track . But there is one matter we need to discuss . The soldiers . Your children who survived the 5th Column bombing . Their condition has taken a turn . You need to see them . Soon the levels of phosphorous in humans will be substantial enough . Red sky may be gone , but its impact will endure . Anna 's a lizard ? That sucks , she 's so hot . I joke when I 'm nervous . I want to get back to why they went after Dr. Watts and not you . Did he know about Alpha ? No one does . If I showed this thing to Watts , he 'd either steal it or laugh me out of the room . - So why was Watts on their radar ? - I don 't know . The compound . From my tests , I discovered one within Alpha . I couldn 't identify it . And then , when red sky happened , that same compound showed up in it . I had to use a computer in Watts ' lab to complete the analysis , I logged on using his ID . That 's why they thought it was Watts . They must have thought it was his work , but he didn 't know what it was . No one does . Show us everything you have on the red sky compound . Yeah , sure . Beats me what the hell it is . I know it 's not from earth . You 're right . It 's not . That compound is a form of phosphorous . A high concentrate only found on our home planet . Why phosphorous ? The V 's need phosphorous to reproduce . It forms a protective shell around our eggs . Val needed it to . To carry our baby . Anna dumps red rain on us , and now it 's in everything , the soil , the air we breathe , the water we drink . They 're changing our planet . They 're changing us , our bodies . Why would the visitors want elevated levels of phosphorous inside humans ? For breeding . First they want to invade us , then they want to shag us ? What 's wrong ? When I was pregnant with my son , I had preeclampsia . My doctor ran some tests , and ... she found something that she had never seen before . I had abnormally high amounts of phosphorous in my blood . You said that phosphorous allows the visitors to breed . And Alpha is proof that the visitors have been here for longer than we knew . You don 't really think that ... What are you suggesting ? Is it possible they experimented on me when I was pregnant ? I don 't know . How could you find out ? I 'd have to run some blood tests . On you and your son . Do it . You wanted to see me , mother ? Your work with Tyler was very Convincing . It is key now more than ever that you maintain your control over him . I understand . Tyler is essential to our future . No one must interfere . Neither human nor visitor . Visitor ? There are traitors among us , but soon they won 't be a problem . Our medical technicians have revived Joshua . The traitor will finally be able to talk . The pain was horrible , like nothing I 'd ever felt before . The needles ... They just dug in , piercing . Chad Decker interviewed nearly 20 live aboards . They say the same thing . My God , the live aboards , The V 's are experimenting on them ? Chad wants to go public , expose Anna to the world . He wants to join us . The best thing he can do is preserve his access . He 's closer to her than any human . We can use him . I don 't think he 's gonna do that . He 's terrified of her . What if it backfires ? - That I don 't know . - It 's a risk I 'm willing to take . My daughter is up there . We will do whatever it takes to find your daughter and to bring her back . I swear . I gotta go . - Can you let me out ? - Yeah . I 'm worried about him . - We can trust Ryan . - I know , but ask yourself this . What would you be willing to do for Tyler if Anna had him ? At some point , Ryan 's gonna have to make a choice . His daughter or us . You 're alive . I was afraid . I don 't know if I can do this without you . Do what ? This behavior isn 't befitting a future queen . Do you remember anything that happened to you ? That you were shot ? Any of it ? I remember nothing . More popular every day , father . - You talk to the Fifth Column ? - You can 't broadcast that report . So I 'm supposed to do what , sit back and do nothing while more innocent people get hurt ? - I have to expose them . - And then what ? Those mother ships can overpower our military in the blink of an eye . We need to be strategic . When we throw our first punch , it needs to be a knockout blow . Okay , then you tell me how I can help take Anna down . By keeping your relationship . I can 't do that , not after knowing what I know . You have access to Anna and the ship . None of us do . We need you up there . As a spy ? As a member of the Fifth Column . This is what you wanted . Ready ? Of the 12 soldiers that survived , only 6 remain . Their core temperatures are stabilized , but the trauma they sustained was great . They 'll live , but they will be flawed . These soldiers , my children , caused my prior outburst of emotion . Never again . Hello , mother .
