 Previously on V ... Fifth Column has claimed responsibility for the peace ambassadors murders earlier this morning . Cohn is out of control . - That could have been Tyler . - I want you to get close to Eli Cohn . - You will help me destroy them . - We 're all on the same side . Unlike you , we don 't kill innocent people . Church officials have issued a statement condemning all anti-V rhetoric from clergy worldwide . I 'm not gonna stop speaking out . It 's priests like him that are inciting the Fifth Column . Stop ! This is the house of God ! That 's Tyler 's phone . I feel like I 'm losing him . I need help . I did what I had to do to protect our species . Welcome to the future , Chad ... our future , man and Visitor . This ... is Concordia . Concordia . Interesting name . From your Roman mythology , meaning a peaceful and harmonious coexistence . Man and Visitor working side by side to build thousands of these centers , creating jobs and supporting prosperity across the world . Concordia will employ massive numbers of men and women . Humans will be constructing the buildings , staffing the centers of learning and technology . We 've made agreements with nations around the world to build Concordia on land that is currently abandoned or in disrepair . So Concordia is like a ... A worldwide urban renewal project . Exactly . I 'll be hosting a gala tonight here in New York to formally announce Concordia , and tomorrow , a renaissance begins across the entire planet . We will celebrate our future , shared by mankind and Visitors ... Together . Stop ! This is the house of God ! This is Joe . Leave a message . Joe , it 's me . I need to see you . It 's about our son . Hey , you . Happy Birthday . Thanks , Mom . Okay . Well , it always tastes better than it looks . Breakfast birthday cake ... Evans family tradition . Yeah , well , when we were a family . Oh , I 'm ... I 'm sorry , Mom . I ... I just ... I don 't know . I thought that maybe Dad would call by now , that 's all . Hey , it 's okay . He will . It 's early , right ? Have a piece of cake . Um , actually , I have to meet Lisa at the peace ambassador center . Tyler , they 're killing peace ambassadors ... Kids your age . Mom , I 'm not a kid anymore . You 're right . You 're a man now . Listen , I need you to remember that there are consequences for the choices we make . You may be eighteen , but I am still your mother . I will always be here for you . Thanks , Mom . Thomas , as my chief engineer , I 'm relying on you to make sure - that Concordia stays on schedule . - It is , my Queen . Landing sites have been selected for every ship in the fleet in preparation for our invasion . Perfect . With the release of red rain , the human women are almost ready for breeding . As soon as Joshua is able to eradicate the human soul , we can proceed . I fear tonight 's gala is a tempting target for the Fifth Column . A disturbance could hinder public acceptance of Concordia and delay our plans . The Fifth Column and Eli Cohn will not be a problem . Ryan Nichols will make sure of that . You wanted to see me . - Yeah . Thanks for coming . - I don 't understand . I thought you were with , uh , Agent Evans . I am , but she doesn 't know I 'm here . I want this to be kept private , Eli , just between us . So what do you want from me ? I have a daughter . Anna 's holding her hostage up on that ship . And the only way I can get her back is to take Anna down . Our group is too small to do it alone . You have a bigger network . We need to work together so we can strike hard . Well , Erica made it very clear that her cooperation last time was a one-shot deal , that our ideological viewpoints of this fight are diametrically opposed . Use me . I can bridge both sides . She trusts you ? Absolutely . Good . As the head of the FBI Fifth Column task force , she could be quite helpful . You call her . Get your team together . Tonight ... We 're taking Anna down for good . We get the wiretap on Father Landry yet ? Not yet . Judge has the papers . Evans , Bolling , clear your schedules . You 're running security for Anna 's big shindig tonight . Guest list . Paul , it 's gonna take weeks to run this many names . Hey , uh , isn 't that your ex ? Yeah . A problem with Tyler . I had to bring in the heavy artillery . Heard about you two . Sorry it didn 't work out . Federal officer married to a civilian ... It 's always tough . Runs a little deeper than that . I 'll only be a minute . - Hi . - Hey . What 's going on with Tyler ? It will be easier to explain after I show you this . They 've been here for decades , Joe . Anna 's waging a war against mankind , and for some reason , she 's targeting our son . - I know it 's a lot to grasp . - Yeah . Yeah , it 's a hell of a lot . This , um , missing ladder within Ty 's D.N.A ... Why would they do that ? We think that they wanna put something else in there ... - Something not from you or me . - This is crazy . The high levels of phosphorus in my blood , the preeclampsia ... The Visitors did that . They have been messing with Tyler since before he was born . And what does ... What does Tyler know about all this ? Nothing , and we can 't tell him . If Anna ever thought that he knew , his life would be in danger . And then you let ... You let him date one of them ? We can trust Lisa . Who else knows about the Visitors , - about what they really are ? - There 's a small group of us . We have to be careful who we tell . I need your help . What do you think I can do and why do you think I can help ? The one thing that Tyler wants more than anything else is his family back together . And that is the one thing that Anna can 't give him . I need you with me , Joe . Lisa , what are you doing ? It 's for Tyler . Today is his eighteenth birthday . It would raise suspicion if his girlfriend didn 't give him a present . Now that Tyler is eighteen , he will no longer be bound to do as his parents command . He 'll be able to make his own choices , and we must make sure he chooses us . How can we be sure he 'll do that ? Because I can give him something humanity cannot ... A future . Interesting piece this morning , Chad . You really think this Concordia project is all world peace , jobs for everyone , chicken in every pot ? Anna hasn 't promised anything she didn 't deliver so far . Well , all the same , a lot of people are asking hard questions about her , but not you . I 'm not sure you 're the guy to do it . What 's that supposed to mean , Neil ? A few months ago , everybody and their mother was drinking the V kool-aid . Now people aren 't so sure . Ratings are slipping . I wanna change the format of Prime Focus ... add a , uh , critical voice to face off against you . - A kind of point / counterpoint ? - Exactly . We 're bringing in talent from Boston , Philly , and D.C. this afternoon . I 'd like you to screen-test if somebody looks promising . Whatever you need . I 'm surprised you 're good with this . Didn 't figure you 'd be so willing to share a spotlight . Bring ' em on . Going one-on-one with the other side is only gonna make me look better . Hey . - Hey . - Happy Birthday . Oh . Thanks . I wanted to get you something that will always remind you of us . I love it ... And you . Tyler ... Um ... Yesterday at the church ... Tyler . Hey . Lisa , you remember Tyler 's dad ? Hi , Kiddo . Happy Birthday . Look , I know things didn 't go ... too well last time . I 've been ... I 've been talking to your mom , and I 've been thinking about it so much since I saw you last . You might not believe it , but when I turned eighteen , I ... I just ... I was so much like you . I ... My old man ... He wasn 't there for me either . Sound familiar ? - Go ahead . - Open it . Just , uh , open it up . After graduation , I set out on that route on that ' 82 Harley shovelhead . Couple months on the road by myself , and it was the best time of my life because I found out who I really was . The bike 's yours . I restored it for you myself . But that 's not a real gift . This is . You have a couple of months between high school and college , and I thought ... We both want for you to take some time to yourself , think about your future . I will worry ... Every second that you 're gone , but ... Make the trip . - And we 'll be here for you when you get back . - Yeah . I want another chance , Ty . Tyler is too important . With our plans accelerated , we need him here now . We must make sure he 's ready . Can we stop him ? He appears to be giving his parents ' gift serious consideration . But he has yet to see my gift . I 've only got a minute . Kendrick has me working security for Anna 's gala , celebrate her latest " gift . " What if I told you that we can ensure that Anna never gave another " gift " to Earth ? - I went to see Eli Cohn . - Without telling us . Yeah , last time I checked , we 're all Fifth Column . Let 's hear him out . Eli wants our help ... To assassinate Anna . - How ? - A bomb . He wouldn 't tell me more until he knows that we 're in . We 're not . He 's insane ! The collateral damage alone ... Which is exactly why he needs us . With you handling security , we can minimize the collateral ... Minimize ? Ryan , we 're talking about three hundred innocent people . No , no , Eli 's right . Now 's the time to strike . We know exactly where Anna 's gonna be , and you 're handling security . We may never get another opportunity like this again . Erica ... Lisa would be queen . I 'd get my daughter back , and Tyler ... Tyler would be safe . Eli 's giving us a chance , and I 'm taking it ... - With or without you . - Then you mean without me , too . I 'm with the lizard . As much as I would love to take Anna out , I can 't agree to this . Erica , we can end this war in one swift blow . This is our shot . Yeah , and how many innocents go with her ? Don 't do this , Ryan . Don 't put me in a position tonight where I have to make a choice . Because if I have to ... I will take you down . What just happened in there ? We can 't fall apart , not now . I am not the one who changed the game plan . Every day , Anna 's grip on Tyler grows stronger and stronger . You said it yourself , Jack ... No innocent lives . Look , I know it wasn 't easy . We made the right choice . Erica , I ... Joe . Yeah . Where are you ? I 'll be right there . - What 's going on ? - Tyler got a call from Anna . Said she had a birthday gift for him . Erica , what a surprise . I thought you would be busy with preparations for tonight . I am . Uh , Joe called . He said Tyler was so excited . I wanted us to all come up here , see this gift as a family . I 'm Joe Evans . I 'm Tyler 's father . Erica tells me that you 've taken quite an interest in our son . Tyler 's special ... Which is why I wanted to present this very important birthday gift to him . I 'd like you to meet Thomas , my chief engineer . Pleasure to meet you , Tyler . Mr. and Mrs. Evans . Wait . So you , like , uh , designed the ship ? I did . Anna tells me that you are the perfect candidate to become part of Concordia . How would you like to be the first human to pilot one of our shuttles ? Happy Birthday , Tyler . Thank ... Thank you . Mother , how generous of you . You will live here , and I will personally oversee your training . - For how long ? - He 's got school . We 'll work around his school schedule . Soon enough , you 'll be at the controls of your own shuttle . Thank you so much . - Would you like a tour of the cockpit ? - Yeah . Well ... Thank you , Anna , uh , for giving our son this incredible opportunity . Thank you for allowing me to play a role in his life . Now if you 'll excuse me , I must prepare for tonight . I don 't know what it means , but my mother said with Concordia starting , whatever she needs Tyler for , she needs him now . Every plan she has pulls him farther and farther away from us . How are we gonna protect him now ? Come on , Kerry . You 've gotta admit that Concordia , with cutting-edge technology , dynamic learning opportunities , and real jobs in a harsh economy is a home run for the Visitors . When newcomers arrive on your shores , - you have to be careful ... - Beware of Greeks bearing gifts ? Exactly . The Trojan horse filled with soldiers , smallpox-infected blankets for the Native Americans ... These " gifts " didn 't work out too well for the recipients , did they ? But Anna has demonstrated the utility of her gifts . We have clean air and revitalized deserts to prove it . And I 'm sure the Native Americans were warm in their blankets before they started dying in them . Cut . That was great . The public deserves to hear both sides . It 's good TV . Kerry , job 's yours if you want it . Hey . You 've been gone a long time . - Everything okay with Ty ? - Yeah . He hasn 't seen his dad for a while . I wanted to be there for him , but I am up to speed . - Let 's get the briefing started . - Great . Nice to see you again , Marcus . All right , people . With the recent increase in Fifth Column attacks , protocol tonight will be security level one . If I may , Assistant Director Kendrick ... Before we begin , Anna would like to say a few words . I 'd like to thank the entire FBI and most especially the Fifth Column task force for agreeing to provide security at this very important event . We 're happy to assist any way we can . Thank you , Agent Evans . I know pulling together security on such short notice is no easy task . Don 't worry , Anna . Everyone in this room has only one goal : Your safety . You changed your mind about the assassination . Why ? Anna 's plans for Tyler have accelerated , and like Hobbes said , we have an opportunity we may not get again . I 'm glad to see you 're coming around to my way of thinking . But we do it our way . Without risking any innocent lives ... No bombs . We use a sharpshooter . Hobbes can make the shot . Our team has to be perfectly coordinated , because all eyes will be on us . And media from all around the world . We will have metal detectors at the security checkpoints and an ion scanner that will detect microscopic residue of explosives from clothing . And we 'll have a hard-line perimeter - that no one will get through . - The event was organized last-minute , creating vulnerabilities we can exploit if we work together . I 'm only gonna have one shot to take Anna down . Tell me where to place it . To the right of her sternum . Opposite side of the human heart . The perimeter ... It 's too far out . Shot 's gonna have to come from inside . - Okay , so how does he get in ? - Hobbes ? Well , Father , if you bring a noisy rabble to the west of ... here , since you 've joined me on the FBI bad boy list , Erica 's gonna have to send agents to deal with you . They 'll pull them from the security line , leaving a hole for Hobbes to get inside . Once there , I 'll give him access into the building . I know that speaking out against the Visitors will directly contradict your orders from the Vatican . We 're all putting everything on the line to stop Anna . I 'm just ... You can count on me . Shot 's too important . You 're gonna need a spotter ... me . And my men are gonna be among your rabble , making sure that the cops have a nice , long time away from their posts . Good . Our team 's working as one ... for tonight . Marcus , your security officers informed me that Anna 's personal safety will be handled by Visitor guards . That is correct . Anna will never be left unprotected . - Anna 's guards will know me by sight . - Which is why you 're not gonna be there . Anyone spots you , we 're toast . Okay , what about Chad ? He 'll be covering the event . Should we ... Should we tell him ? The fewer people who know about this , the less chance we have of getting caught . Disposable , untraceable . All information flows through me . We toss them when we 're done . You ready for this ? Yeah . Yeah . It 's a nice plan . May just work . Good . Any questions ? No , you and your team have been very thorough . Knowing you 're in charge , Agent Evans , I 'm sure Anna will feel much safer . Marcus tells me everything is ready for tonight 's announcement . And Concordia 's structures will be completed by the time the effects of red sky have readied the humans for breeding . Your design is commendable . They 'll never know its true purpose until it 's too late . The landing function is interwoven into the building 's infrastructure . Once the cloaked ships set down , the next phase of the invasion may begin . Then our soldiers can collect their women and prepare them for what 's to come . The humans think they 're building their future , when in fact , they 're digging their own graves . Do you remember the day that we brought him home from the ... Wow . - You never dressed like that for work before . - Thanks for noticing . Heard anything from Ty ? Um ... He called . He 's staying overnight with Lisa . At least I know she won 't let anything happen to him . Look ... Just , um ... Be careful . Okay ? I will . Listen , you have a long drive back . Did , uh ... Do you wanna crash on the couch ? You sure ? Yeah . Your daughter likes to be held . - Look how happy she is . - I got word you wanted to see me . What is it , Ryan ? Torn by your decision ? Don 't be . Choosing your daughter over the humans was the right thing to do . But you have to keep up your end of the bargain . What else do you want ? You have infiltrated the Fifth Column . I wanna know if there are any threats against us for tonight . I purposely announced the gala last minute so there wouldn 't be time to coordinate any violence . There 's nothing that I 'm aware of . I 'm not deep enough to be privileged with that information . Get in deeper . Her disease is getting worse . Poor thing . Only my bliss and my bliss alone can alleviate her pain . Then do it . Don 't let her suffer . There , there . All better ... For now . I bet the President couldn 't set up such a big party so fast . Welcome to Anna 's world . Whatever she wants to happen ... Happens . What are you doing here ? Talked Neil to getting me on the list . Thought if I 'm going to be covering Anna , I shouldn 't miss it . Think you can get me an introduction ? It 's an honor to meet you , Anna . Would you mind if I asked you one question off the record ? Kerry . Ask anything you wish . You gave us the healing centers and then red rain , and you cleaned our oceans and you brought life back to our deserts , but what 's the real purpose behind all this generosity ? I don 't understand your question . Well , sometimes when people are given things they didn 't ask for , there 's a larger motive behind it . In human culture , perhaps , but we 've never given anything that wasn 't needed . Ask Chad . We are of peace ... Always . Thank you , Anna . Great party . The presentation will begin soon . I hope you enjoy it . All right , it 's a go . Keep it peaceful ! But keep it strong , okay ? - Come on ! - V 's , go home ! V 's , go home ! Father Landry 's organizing some protesters at the east gate . Requesting backup . - I just got a ... - I know . It 's a protest . - South quadrant . The good Father Landry . - Peel off a couple of our guys , shut it down - before it gets out of control . - I 'm on my way . Let 's go . V 's , go home ! V 's , go home ! V 's , go home ! V 's , go home ! V 's , go home ! V 's , go home ! V 's , go home ! V 's , go home ! What do you got ? We 've got a situation . We 're gonna need everybody down here . It 's a celebration unlike any other tonight , as Visitor High Commander Anna prepares to present her latest gift to humanity ... Concordia . Anna is making her way to the podium now . Only my bliss can alleviate her pain . Ladies and gentlemen , here to launch the Concordia Project , please welcome to the podium High Commander Anna . Ryan Nichols just reported in . The Fifth Column is positioned to assassinate you . We must proceed . No . I will take your place . You are the target , not me . What 's happening ? I don 't like this . Marcus said something to Anna . I think someone tipped them off . Anna wishes to thank you all for coming . However , she elected not to speak tonight and asked that I take her place . We need to abort . Negative . We have a shot at Marcus . That is not the plan . Tell her Erica if we can 't cut the head off the beast , we can at least rob it of its right hand . We 're never gonna have this opportunity again . We 've gotta take the shot . To exemplify Concordia 's spirit of cooperation between Visitors and humans , I would like to introduce to you an extraordinary young man ... It 's war , Erica . No retreat . Think of what they have planned for your son ... For humanity . Fine . Do it . Now . The first human to ever pilot a V shuttle ... Tyler Evans . Abort , abort ! Hobbes can make the shot . No , not if it means risking my son 's life . Your son 's life is at risk if we don 't take the shot . We 're taking it . Tell her that I 've got this . Let me get him out of there . When you have a clear shot , take it . A clear shot . Confirm . Clear shot . Confirmed . Tyler ! Ladies and gentlemen , please welcome Tyler 's mother , Special Agent Erica Evans . This is a special moment ... Tyler , the first human shuttle pilot and Erica , head of the Fifth Column task force , a key figure in protecting our presence on this lovely planet . Needless to say , the Evans family is a model of what Concordia stands for . We 've gotta get out of here now ! Joshua said that Marcus is alive , but his condition is critical . His injuries were deep and intricate and despite our healing technologies , he may not survive . Concordia must move forward despite this setback . I need someone I can trust at my side to take Marcus ' place . Thank you , Thomas . Tyler has informed us that he will not be joining our program as we had hoped . I know that he was vital to your plan . Tyler 's important to us . He 's the one Lisa has chosen . But he 's not our only option . There are others . I 'm so glad you decided not to do the shuttle program , Ty . We got a lot of catching up to do . You know ... When I saw the blood hit Mom , all I could think was ... I don 't wanna lose you guys . Okay . Prepare to be amazed . Look . Thanks , Mom . Happy Birthday , Tyler . Make a wish . You 're lucky you even have a job right now . You know that ? You and Evans both . What the hell happened tonight ? I don 't know . But I can think of a few colorful things to call it . I have a theory . Let 's hear it . I gave Erica a lot of rope today , and she took it . Yeah , I 've seen it . Yeah , but you haven 't seen this one . It was taken this morning when she was supposed to be with her kid . Surveillance unit had it for me when I got back here tonight . What 's your point ? This wasn 't Lee Harvey Oswald in the school book depository . It was a highly coordinated plan , multiple parties acting together . Father 's Landry protest was no coincidence . It was a planned distraction . Now I let him go because I wanna catch a bigger fish . What are you saying , Chris ? It 's a request to the Justice Department for a formal investigation into Special Agent Erica Evans . I don 't like it either , Paul . But we can 't ignore this any longer . I heard all about what you did tonight , Jack . You know what the consequences are for something like this . The Vatican was clear . I only did and said what I believe in . I don 't understand . You 'll be laicized . You 'll never wear the collar again . They can take my collar . But they can 't take my faith . You lied to me . You knew about the assassination attempt before I left . It may cost Marcus ' life . I 'm sorry , Anna . You were right . I don 't have anyone . Okay ? That 's why I warned you . That 's why I saved your life . Now please . Bliss my daughter . I 'll give you whatever you want , whoever you want . Yes . You will . Thank you ... My Queen . Marcus ' condition remains unknown at this time following the attempt on his life earlier tonight . Stay tuned to WNT for continuing live coverage of all of the events surrounding tonight 's gala . Who the hell tipped Anna off ? There were only two people who had the information and the means to alert Anna . Oh , correction . One person ... And one reptile . And I damn well know it wasn 't Erica . Ryan .
