 ♪ ♪ Well , we 're bankrupt in six , five Four , three Two , one . And we 're out of business . Good news . We 're back in business . We 've been hired to deliver an envelope . It 's crunch time . Let 's do this . It 's for you , Professor . Great delivery , everyone . You 're the finest crew I 've had the honor to work with . Oh , my . We 're being foreclosed upon . You 're all terrible and incompetent . I resent that . Wait , I found a loophole in the mortgage . If we actually pay it , we can keep the building . We just need ... $ 11 million . And ... boned . Oh , I suppose there 's nothing left to do but move out . Leela , Amy , pack us a lunch for our new lives under the bridge , while us men reminisce and smoke some stogies . We are not packing lunches , you walking beer commercials . It was you men who drove this company into the ground . Remember Fry 's idea to offer free delivery ? It got us a lot of customers . We 're a delivery company . If you want to save this company , you should listen to a woman 's idea for once . Okay . What do you got ? An airline . Yeah ! What ? We should become a commercial airline . I mean , we 've got a ship , and teleporters won 't be invented for another 15 years , according to that guy from the future . Wow . That 's actually a really good idea , Girls of planet express calendar . Girlie calendar ? Great idea , Amy . Okay , then . Leela , Amy , come to work topless tomorrow . Forget it . I promised myself I wouldn 't pose naked until I was married . Sorry . It 's in your contract . " All female employees must pose nude if requested . " That 's discriminatory . No , it 's in all our contracts . Here 's mine . " All female employees must pose nude if requested . " Sounds fair . Totally on the up-and-up . Nice work , Hermes . Now that 's what I call fine print . Okay , but good luck making a girlie calendar with only two female employees . Hmm ... Oh , husband . I 'm so excited about this new job . And it 's excited about you , Labarbara . First order of business is to put on your uniform and take your ID photo . Look , I agree it 'd make spacewalking more comfortable . But for a photo shoot , it 's a little ... Unsavory . Over . Time is money , peaches . Now shut your com-link and make love to the camera . And remember , I 'm the camera . ♪ ♪ Stop actually washing and play with the sponges . But the ship is dirty . Eh , whatever . I ran out of film an hour ago . No , no , this won 't do . A three month calendar ? What is this , mercury ? I told you it wouldn 't work . Well , you should have talked louder . Fortunately , I came up with a brilliant idea to save Planet Express . We 'll turn it into a commercial airline . But that was my idea . Then you should have talked louder . What ? There . It was hard work , but it beats posing in demeaning , skimpy modeling outfits . Ladies , here are your demeaning , skimpy stewardess outfits . Beep . Beep . Beep , beep , beep , beep , beep , beep , beep . Sorry , ma 'am , I 'll have to confiscate your artificial kneecap . Okay , here you go . Ladies and gentlemen , this is plane 's president speaking . We are cleared for takeoff . You put goofus and ganja in charge ? I 'm the only trained pilot here . Oh , please , Leela . Who ever heard of a plane with a woman president ? Welcome to plan am flight one to acapulsar . The local time on acapulsar is five years from now . In the event of a wormhole sending us back in time , do not kill your parents . If you are traveling with small children , help them not to kill you before not killing your own parents . Now please turn off all electronic devices . Uh , preparing for takeoff . I 'll kill you , my friend ! I hope you all enjoyed our tiny beverage service . Now sit back and endure our in-flight entertainment . Hiya , hiya , hiya . So what 's the deal with airline food , hmm ? They offer you two choices , but they 're always out of one . By the way , we 're out of both choices . Shut up and put on four episodes of The Office . Ooh , your hands are warm . For a robot . Thanks , baby . I don 't know what you 're doing back here in the galley , 'cause you got a first class seat . Captain , we were supposed to land two days ago . Is everything ... hey ! Are we at the fair yet , mommy ? We 're not at the any place . And we 're out of fuel . Attention , passengers . Please remain seated until the plane comes to a complete crash . Perhaps we should reconsider the girlie calendar . Flight attendant 's log : We 've crash near a river of mercury on a lifeless mineral world . Supplies are low , cannibalism imminent , radio busted . Our one hope is to form a society . Okay , then . Men , let 's get hunting . The womenfolk can cook what we catch . No one put you in charge , husband . I 'm the only one here who ever ran a society . Roller derby is not a society . Well , let 's put it to a vote , then . All in favor of the jamocha thunderclap ? That would be me . Practically no one . All in favor of me ? Eight to eight . It 's a tie . We can 't trust a woman 's math . Count again . Greetings , soft ones . Who among you is your leader ? - He is . - She is . Curious . You are a diarchic society ? Um ... maybe . Whatever we are , I 'm the leader of it . Leader ? Fat man , you couldn 't even run a bath . Well , you sure can run something- - your mouth ! Silence . Even a young pebble could see your race is divided based on the configuration of your 23rd chromosome . What ? You mean along gender lines ? Gender ? Yeahs . You knows guyses , galses , in that order . Ows . I am not familiar with this concept of gender . My species has only a single gender , known as neuchacho . Interesting . Come on , men . Let 's kill him . Your genders differ in many ways . But , as with all things that are different , chocolate and vanilla , Mac and PC , one is always clearly better . Chocolate , Mac , men . The end . Well , I 've got nothing to do for the next eight million years . Therefore , I will administer a series of tests to determine the superior gender . Who can drink the most sulfur ? Test inconclusive . Test number two : Who can drink the most arsenic ? Just ask us some damn questions . Very well . Which is larger , an Italian size four or an American apparel medium ? How many calories are in a small green tea yogurt ? Name any 12 of the desperate housewives . How was your day ? Test complete . What is the score ? Uh ... men five , women less . Hey . He 's lying . Obviously . That was a test to see who could lie better . The men win that round . In your face , decumbent urinators . So far , I have learned nothing . But that 's probably as much my fault as yours . The time has come for the final test . We usually call it the lightning round . As you may have noticed , it 's getting hotter here . It 's nice . Too hot . Did one of you chicks change the thermostat ? Tomorrow morning , this planet makes its closest pass to the sun . You will all be boiled alive , like retired circus animals unless you somehow can cross the great alkali plains and reach shelter in the cave of harmony . That sounds hard . Whichever gender reaches the cave will survive . And may the inferior gender burst into something . Flames , I guess . Uh-oh . I think we 're walking in circles . I recognize the pattern of striations on that gypsum formation . Also my shoe that fell off . Oh , God . We 're all gonna die in agony . Howdy there . You fellas need some directions ? No , we 're fine . Don 't worry about it . Keep it up , sistren . Only a few more Miles to the cave . Let 's just buckle down and ... Oh , look ! A clearance sale ! What ? ! Where ? I believe that sale was just a mirage . Now we 're gonna die without so much as a factory-second clutch purse to show for it . It would have been nice to shop at Tommy hilfiger one last time . It wasn 't Tommy hilfijigger . It was linens ' n things ! The hell it was . It was a juicy couture . I guess we all saw what we wanted to see . We can 't make it tonight . We 'll set up camp here by this shoe . Oh , gentlemen , when that sun rises in the morning , we 're toast . These are our last moments together . So if one 's got any good fart jokes , now would be the time . It 's a shmundred degrees , and all we have to drink are non-diet sodas . It 's gonna ruin my figure . It , I forgot that amana here is a refrigerator . If we could supercharge her freon with a gas compressor , we might survive the heat and make to the cave . Hey , yeah ! But the only gas compressor on this planet is inside bender 's ass . Was that a fart joke ? Because I don 't find those amusing . No one does . Nevertheless , bender 's gas blaster may be our only hope . Wife ? What are you doing with bender 's shiny metal gas compressor ? None of your bizmarkie . Wait a second . What 's that doo-wah in your ditty bag ? Uh , uh ... Okay , so we were hot . I stole amana 's freon coil so we could hook it up to bender 's ass and build a cooler . You are no better than me , you shifty tree skink . How do you live with yourself ? Damn it , woman , you 're making me highly selassie ! Oh , don 't you talk to me that way , you big , hairy Belafonte . Oh , you 're cookin me back bacon . Thank you , woman . That 's not back-bacon ! That 's your back baking ' ! Oh no ! We overslept ! The Mercury river is boiling . Can 't breathe ... Lungs burning ... My lucky shoe ! Good-bye cruel me . I learned that from a movie . I find both genders supremely disappointing . The real reason I administered this bizarre , outer space test was to teach you to work together . But you couldn 't . Thanks to you , I lost my bet with the borax kid . Never bet against me being stupid . Enough . Your gender differences have kept you from achieving harmony . There is only one way to resolve this conflict . Wait , why didn 't that hurt ? My wingwang 's gone ! My girls ! My antennae ! My kajigger ! My gonopores ! Look it up . I have freed you from the tyranny of gender . Now go in peace . Or actually , stay here . I 'll go in peace . Good news , neuchachos . The ship is nearly repaired . Work goes fasters withouts no secondary sex characteristicses at which to hoot . Now who wants to sings some Christopher cross songs ? Look , associates , I made a hammock from our clothing . How industrious . Do you mind if we sleep with you ? I have no opinion . Well , good night . Everyone got along so well today . Yes , this place is like a neutered utopia . A neutopia . I enjoy humor where no one gets hurt . Your companionship is inoffensive , Hermes . Likewise . Really , what are we missing out on by not having sex right now ? Well ... Give us back our genitals ! Is that you , borax kid ? I 've got your 50 bucks . Oh , it 's you . Why do you want your genders ? You seem happier without them . Being human isn 't just about being happy . It 's about loving , and fighting , and that rasta mcnasty we were doing last night . We want that back . Very well . Perhaps it is I who have learned a lesson- - or something . Now what ? I have decided , after little thought , to return your genders . Not cool , bro ! Our genders are all reversed . Now I got a whatchacallit instead of a kajigger , you stupid whatchacallit ! Okay , stop yelling at me . It was an innocent mistake . Allow me to rectify it . I got your distress call and came as quickly as I wanted to . No need to thank me . What 's your problem , homes ? Now we 'll be stuck like this forever ! Chill out , dude . Well , hello from the neck down . Thank you for your patronage . We know you have a choice in airlines , and you made the wrong one . No refunds . Aren 't we going to cuddle ? Woman , I 'm tired . I 'm sorry . It 's just ... I need my sleep . I gotta get up five times a night to Xbox . I understand . Womanhood also takes some getting used to . For example , did you know there are more than two feelings ? I only need one feeling- - love for you , wifey-man . Ooh , your manwich ! No wonder it 's such a mess in there . These bad boys are hard to aim . I hate being a man . I smell bad , my face is scratchy , and the food at those strip clubs is terrible . Crappin ' a . Still , I 'm sure the women are having an even harder time . O.M.G. ! Being chicks is so much fun . Now when I say stupid things , guys all laugh and buy me stuff . Ugh . What a skank . Anyway , planet express is still facing foreclosure . There 's no way we can raise enough money to save this company . Wait . What about the girlie calendar ? Well , that won 't work , remember ? We only have three women on staff ... " All female employees must pose nude if requested . " And it is requested . Let 's just hope we can sell enough of these calendars by tomorrow . We sold enough of those calendars since yesterday ! Thank God most of our fans are huge perverts . Who are you , stranger ? Well , madam , folks call me the borax kid . My friend , the other rock alien , died without setting your genitals to right . So I reckon it 's up to me to sex you up proper . Huh ? My girls are back ! Ow ! Yay ! So what did you like better , my love being a man or a woman ? I don 't care what parts I have , as long as they interlock with yours . Ah , marriage . It combines the contentedness of being neutered , with the occasional sex of being not . Well , I best mosey on down to the landing . Sounds like the feldspar queen is about to set sail . You folks watch your genitals now . And that 's that . What I miss ?
