 And finally , I 'm sure you 've all noticed the fabulous chandelier you 'll be delivering . What ? Where ? Up there . ( gasps ) Nice . It 's extremely delicate , so if one of you breaks it , you 're paying for it ! - Fry did it ! - Did what ? Just practicing for later . ♪ ♪ Ah , perfect timing . I just turbocharged the ship 's matter compressor . What 's the matter compressor ? Nothing 's the matter , Fry , now that I 've turbocharged the matter compressor . ( groans ) Instead of making the ship faster , how about installing some seat belts ? Seat belts are dead weight . I feel the need for speed ! Yes , but I feel the nafety for safety . Oh , fuff ! I don 't get all up in your business when you upgrade your bazooms ! That 's because my bazooms don 't put anyone 's life in danger ! ( grunts ) Done broke my spine . Nice rack , though . Thank you , Scruffy . ♪ ♪ ( whirring , crackling ) ( sputters ) ( explosion ) Oh ! You wrecked my dear ship , Bessie ? ! I just finished naming her . LEELA : Never mind the ship . What about us ? ( Woozy gibberish ) Fry did it ! We 've had it with this flying slaughterhouse . We 're having it towed away for scrap , and we 're getting a new , safer ship . ( rumbling , beeping ) Here I comes to save the days . ( whirring ) This is how you treat me ? After all the good news I 've given you over the years ? Well , if you don 't want Bessie , you don 't want me . Good-bye ! _ Don 't worry , shippums , with a whole junkyard of spare parts to work with , I 'll turn you into a tepid rod . Oh , what the heck- - a hot rod ! ( whirring ) Ooh ! Ooh ! ( whirring slows to a stop ) ( bird chirping ) Ah ... time for the mornings meltsdowns . ( sputtering coughing ) I 'll pay you back , I swear . Yeah , yeah , I heards its befores . ( beep ) ( flame whooshing ) ( wheezy cough ) Next up , the Planet Expresses ship . ( rumbling ) Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Whats the ... ? In your face , sucker ! Also , I 'll send you a check for the parts I stole ! Okays , ya honest young punk ! Now ons to the next junker . ( flame whooshing ) ( grunts ) ( horns honking , beeping ) Ah , the open road ! Not a ship ahead of me . ( engines roaring ) Yo , Methuselah , speed it up ! You 're making the roads unsafe for us maniac street racers ! Step off , you greasers ! I was street-racing back when ships still ran on moonwater ! Damn , yo , get a load of speed geezer ! ( laughter ) Hey ! That 's it , you hoodlums ! Your mouth just wrote a PayPal transfer request that your butt has insufficient funds to honor ! Yo , it is on ! Before that , it was off . Twice around Central Park . Loser has to make the winner 's Medicare copayments for a year ! A 'ight . On three . One ... Aw , it just got real . So real I don 't believe it . ... two ... ( whirring , clacking ) Aw , man , I can 't afford no Medicare copayments ! ... three ! ( crazed laughing ) ♪ ♪ ( engines roaring ) _ ( horn beeps ) ♪ ♪ MAN : Whoa ... ! ( horn honks ) Wrinkles got some mad moves , yo . Yo , Wrinkles , you got big glasses . I 'm gonna call you the Professor . What ? ! No one calls me that ! ( whirring ) ( screeching ) Hey , Minx , we survive this , can I finally get that date ? Nah . You know I 'm with Benny . Girl , he don 't own you ! Yeah , but he saved me from my abusive father . Not physically abusive ; verbally . It 's a long story I can 't get into while we 're spinning out . ( screeching ) ♪ ♪ ( crazed laughing ) ♪ ♪ ( both scream ) ( yelling , screaming ) Ow ! Paper cut ! Whoa ! Hey , Earl , it 's that street-racing gang we 've been trying to bust for years . Unsuccessfully , I might add . Guess this is your lucky day , Pimparoo . Those punks have endangered our citizens for the last time . ( siren wailing ) ( grunts ) Ironic ! ( horn honks ) ( siren wailing ) Whoa , it 's the police ! Let 's turn and burn ! Running off , eh ? You 're pathetic ! You wouldn 't be scared of the po-po if you had a ship like mine . Yo , Professor , if your ship 's so dope , why are those cops on your tail like my dad 's verbal abuse on my psyche . 'Cause you haven 't seen what old Bessie can do yet . Sayonara , Tokyo driftwood ! ( screeching ) ( deep zapping ) ( siren wailing ) - What the what ? ! - Whoa , snap ! Dude pulled a dimensional drift ! ( siren wails , stops ) I can 't believe we lost ' em again . I need a drink . Nah . We 're on the job . Let 's just go pepper-spray some homeless families . ♪ ♪ ( zapping , whirring ) - Whoa ! - Wow ! - Gee ! That was a sick move , yo ! Thank you . I have no idea what that means . You got a death wish , Professor . Something must 've happened in your life that hurt you , just like us . In my case , it was verbal abuse . That 's in the rearview mirror , baby . It wasn 't what he said that hurt , it was what was left unsaid . Sometimes the best way to deal with your problems is to drive away from ' em real fast . So , yo , you want to hook up with our crew ? Again , no idea what that means . Good news , everyone ! Our safe new ship has arrived , and it 's gonna knock your socks on ... where they belong . Ta-da ! ( cheering , whooping ) ALL ( quieting ) : Ooh . Ah . Is it inside that box ? No . That 's the ship . The boxy shape keeps it from going too fast . And check out the interior . ( door alarm chirps ) ( mechanical whirring ) Note the rear-facing safety seats . Cool ! ( leather-like creak ) Hey , wait . If I 'm backwards , I can 't see out the windshield . There is no windshield . Who needs a big , breakable piece of glass when we can just monitor everything on the padded dashboard display ? ( creaking ) At least there 's a cup holder . That 's an arm holder . ( grunting ) Hey ! Well , let 's break this ship in . This package is going to Glorionimous 3 , which orbits an incredible rainbow giant star . All right ! Let 's ride ! ♪ ♪ ( slow beeping ) ( yawning ) Safe and sound . ♪ Bender is bored , Bender is bored ♪ ♪ Bender , Bender , Bender ... ♪ ( continues singing ) Leela , Bender 's bothering me ! COMPUTER VOICE : Driver distraction detected . ( muffled ) : ♪ Bender , Bender , Bender ♪ ( crackling ) ( muffled singing continues ) _ Amazing ! You multicultural punks just race and tinker all day long ? And we rap about our problems . Like my aunt 's neighbor is a hoarder . Stack of magazines fell on her cat . ( low sob ) It 's hard , you know ? Yo , you 're not alone . Hey , Professor , that dimensional drift was hot ! How 'd you rock that ? It 's simple , Minx . All you need is a 4-D intake manifold . ( whirring ) It sucks in fourth dimension , creating a friction-less wormhole . - Whoa ! - Dig that ! Ain 't no thing but a hyperchicken wing . ( both snoring ) ( loud bang ) ( all gasp ) What ? Huh . I guess we 're here . Let 's make the delivery . ( mechanical whirring ) COMPUTER VOICE : Delivery auto-completed . Welcome home , heroes ! The ship did everything ? But we didn 't have an adventure . This is a delivery company . We need less adventures , not more adventures . Now come on , let 's go to the ready room and wait for our next assignment . ( whooshing ) - Leela ... - Ready for action , sir ! Uh ... okay . I need you to pick up a few groceries . Oh , and on the way , drop off Fry and Bender at karate class . Oh , right , it 's Wednesday ! Today we 're gonna learn spinny kicks ! Yay ! ( whooping ) _ ( whirring ) _ ( squeaking , thudding ) ( whirring ) ( laughter ) ( laughter continues ) ( grunts ) ( gasps , groaning ) ( ding ) COMPUTER VOICE : Stop sign in 75 feet . ( ding ) Stop sign in 50 feet . I know how to stop at a stop sign ! ( thudding , metallic clinking ) ( squeaking ) Yo , soccer mom , speed it up ! Move that lunch bucket ! ( whirring ) Oh , Leela ! Professor ? ! What did you do to the Planet Express ship ? And why are you wearing a leather lab coat ? Because unlike you , I 'm cool . I drive fast late at night when I should be sleeping . But you wouldn 't understand . I understand I can still outdrive your saggy ass , even in this clunker . - Ooh ! - Ooh ! - Ooh ! That one-eyed housewife called you out ! When and where , PTA ? ( engine revving ) What kind of glorked up drag strip is this ? Möbius drag strip , man . Okay , no cops , no laws , no rules . Now here are the rules . Once around both same-sides of the half-twist and back to the starting finish line . Ready ? ( engine revving ) ( engine revs ) Leela , Professor , don 't do this ! It 's too exciting ! Mark ... set ... go , yo ! ( high-pitched whirring ) ( engine trilling ) ( engine revving ) ( squeaking ) ( engines revving ) One more lap ! Nah , half a lap . You forgot , on a Möbius strip , two laps is one lap . ( chuckling ) You kids and your topology . ( engine trilling ) The lady from work is winning ! ( chirp ) Looks like you 're about to lose to a minivan . Unless you have any surprise moves you 've forgotten about . No , no . Wait ! Dimensional drift ! ( squealing ) ( Professor screams ) ( all gasping ) ( trilling ) ( Professor screaming ) ( laughing ) Now who 's in the lead ? ! Seriously , I have no idea . ( trilling ) ( engine revving ) ( trilling and revving ) ( Fry grunts ) ( metallic clanking ) Hooray ! A tie ! ( Amy gasps ) Do you think they 're ... dead ? No , no . I choose to believe they 're alive in some other dimension . Screaming in agony . ( crying ) I hope so . What 's going on ? Why do I look like a stupid cartoon character ? I feel like I lost weight . - All of it . - Remarkable ! It seems that colliding at relativistic speed has collapsed us down into two dimensions . Oh , no ! Like Flatland ? Call it what you will . The point is , the new Shrek movie won 't look nearly as good . I was taking a nap in the back seat . Anything happen while I was ... ? ( silly screaming ) ( rhythmic beeping , tires squeak ) Bloods on the Möbius strip . When will these kids learns ? ( electrical crackling ) ( cries ) So now what happens ? It 's the end of Planet Express and life as we know it . We 're out of business unless we find a new crew ! Yo , dawg , we 're a crew . Well , that solves that . If we 're gonna be co-workers , I got to be straight with you . I 've been ... ( sniffles ) emotionally scarred by years of unspoken verbal abuse . I 'm Zoidberg . Nice to meet you ! Hey , Flatso , how do we get out of this two-bit dimension ? There 's a simple answer for that . We can 't . ( gasping ) But on the upside , we 've got a whole dimension to explore with entirely different laws of physics . Why , watch what happens when I drop this marble . Well , that 's the same , but other things are different . Come , look at this two-dimensional bird 's nest . Ooh , me first ! I 'll just step past Leela here . - Ow ! - Ow ! You can 't step past in this dimension . You have to step around . ( mocking gibberish ) Observe this two-dimensional egg . If we were in the third dimension , looking down , we 'd be able to see an unhatched chick in it , just as a chick inside a three-dimensional egg could be seen by an observer in the fourth dimension . Fourth dimension ? ! I can 't picture that ! You 're dumb . Halt ! ( startled muttering ) Who said that ? All I see are a bunch of vertical line segments . We are the Lords of Flatbush . Come . The king has declared a feast in your honor . Wow . How did he even know we 're here ? 'Cause I 'm him . Let 's eat . ( creaking ) ♪ ♪ ( whistling ) ( giggles ) ( plays fanfare ) The feast is served ! Choose whatever two-dimensional foods you like . Crepes , flatbread , McDonald 's hamburgers . You get the idea . Yum ! Apples ! Hey , how come I can 't swallow ? Hmm . I guess it 's because our two-ended digestive system can 't exist in this dimension . I suppose that could be an issue . ( muffled speech ) I knew it . I knew he 'd get us killed somehow . As you can see , or rather can 't see , but take my word for it , such a digestive system would divide a 2-D being into separate pieces ! So how are we supposed to eat and digest ? Got it . Well , since we have no digestive systems here , I guess we 'd better get back to the third dimension after all . Third dimension ? I can 't picture that ! You 're dumb . ( laughter ) There 's nothing funny about science ! If there can be an X-axis and a Y-axis , why not a Z-axis ? He 's opening our minds to new ideas ! Kill him ! ( all yelling ) ( grunting and gasping ) ( gasping ) To the ship ! Which ship ? Leela 's ! It 's safer . Safety kills . We got to move ! ( yelling ) Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Oh , what 's the point of fleeing ? Even if we escape from those creatures , we 'll still be stuck in this dimension till we starve . Wait . What about a dimensional drift ? If it went through the fourth dimension before , maybe here , it 'll go through the third dimension ! By God , you 're right ! But to keep us there , I 'd need to accelerate to dimensional escape velocity during the drift . Oh , if only Minx could see that . Then she 'd see me as more than just a father figure . ( whirring ) Now 's good . ( squeaking ) ( whirring ) ( high-pitched electrical hissing ) PROFESSOR : Two point one dimensions ! Two point two ! Two point pi ! FRY : Look , up there ! There 's some up ! LEELA : The third dimension ! Indeed , but we 're about to crash into some sort of huge disk ! ( all screaming ) FRY : My bowels returned at a bad time ! ( whooshing ) I 'd likes to say a few words . ( clears throat ) I 'm gonna burns them ups . ( beep , whooshing ) ( gurgling ) ( hissing ) ( squeaking and hissing ) ( whooshing ) ALL : Oh ! ( whirring ) We 're back , baby ! ( cheering ) It 's been an emotional five minutes , but I guess everything worked out in the end . Yo , boss , not everything . ( sighs heavily ) ( phone rings ) Hello ? Dad ? ! ( whirring ) ( sirens wailing )
