 NARRATOR : Previously on V : What is your purpose for seeing me ? Your loyalty to our species . If Lisa fails me , this queen egg will save us . - You okay with this ? You 're friends . - That 's why you asked for me . Their invasion ships aren 't on the way . They 're already here . ANNA : I can control the humans through Bliss . I can stop any resistance . Blissing one human nearly killed you . You sure this is wise ? HOBBES : Why is that traitor here ? ERICA : We 're surrounded by an invasion fleet . - We are out of options . LISA : This is my grandmother . We 're going to overthrow Anna . What the hell are you doing here ? No one understands what it feels like . To have the weight of an entire species on your shoulders . Every decision . Every hard choice . No one , except you . You understand . To survive , you must show no mercy . Be void of any humanity . Just like me . I am nothing like you . Yes , you are , Erica . You 're exactly like me . [ PANTING ] What are you doing ? What , another nightmare about the Visitors ? Yeah . And what the future will look like when Anna 's gone . Let 's take the bitch down and find out . My breeding plans are reaching fruition . Lisa is fertile . And tonight , she and Tyler will mate . We have still not learned how to extract the human soul . When Lisa 's children are born , how will you control them ? Amy . She will provide the secret to Blissing humans . Blissing one human nearly killed you . Don 't question me , Marcus . I am your queen . AMY : Mom . ANNA : Leave us . Amy . What is it ? What 's wrong ? I had a dream last night . Something terrible happened to you . Please don 't ever leave me , Mother . I promise . I 'll never abandon you like your father did . ERICA : Diana called ? - Yeah . Said it was an emergency . Wouldrt give more information till we 're all together . - Okay . - Diana , we 're all here . - I have received news from Marcus that my daughter 's plans have moved along faster than we initially believed . We cannot wait a moment longer to remove her from power . But we just started planning . We 're not ready yet . We need more time . Unfortunately , time is not a luxury that we can afford , Chad . We need Lisa . Where is she ? She 's on her way now . We must act immediately . It 's your call . You 're the leader . - What do you think ? - No . This involves all of us . It is all of our calls . We 've come too far to turn back now . All my life , I turned to the sky to see God . Now I look to the sky , I see 29 ships . Beyond them , hundreds more . I want to look at the sky and see God again . I 'm with you . You know that ship better than anyone . You want to redeem yourself ? Get up there . Break Diana out of her cell . We 're gonna need all the help we can get . We 're on . You do your part , Erica . I 'll do mine . ERICA : All right . Zinc-lined , like Diana requested . Even our Trackers can 't trace a scent through this . An immolation gun , like you requested . Did you get Tyler off the ship ? LISA : He 's okay . I want to know the plan , and why you wouldn 't tell me until now . I didn 't want you to think about it . For our plan to work , we need a way to get your mother away from her security . That 's where you come in . We 're gonna fake a kidnapping . Once my mother discovers I 'm missing , she 'll stop at nothing to find me . When the time is right , we want her to find you . Why ? We need to eliminate her . Since the failed assassination attempt her security won 't let anyone close enough to kill her . Except the one person she would expect least . You . In breaking news , WNT has just learned that Visitor High Commander Anna 's daughter , Lisa , has been kidnapped and is being held for ransom by the terrorist group the Fifth Column . Their demands are unprecedented . We 've just received this video . MAN [ VOICE DISTORTED ] : High Commander Anna . The Fifth Column has your daughter . Our demands are simple : Your life in exchange for hers . It 's you we want dead , Anna . Trade yourself or we kill your daughter . How did this happen ? She was seeing to some peace ambassador duties at the center . Find Lisa . Send out our best Tracker . Ready my shuttle immediately . My queen , you must not go down to Earth . You cannot risk your life . Lisa is the future queen . The key to our breeding plan and the perpetuity of our species . Marcus is right . The Fifth Column has forced my hand . You 're willing to give your life for Lisa 's ? No . And I won 't have to . Because you 'll make sure that Tracker finds her before it comes to that . WOMAN : There she is ! MAN 1 : She 's here ! MAN 2 : A photo , Anna ? Anna , over here ! [ CROWD SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ] Anna , I am so sorry about this . There is nothing worse than when your child is in danger . I promise you , we will get Lisa back safely . Thank you . Does the FBI have any leads on my daughter 's whereabouts ? Fifth Column instructed us to bring you to Jack Landry . If you meet with him , he 'll give you the location where you 're expected to trade yourself for your daughter . - Something we can never allow . No . We want to use a body double . That 'll keep you safe . The Fifth Column said they 'd kill Lisa if I didn 't meet their exact demands . If they were to suspect it wasrt me , wouldn 't I put her at risk ? There is not a mother on earth who wouldn 't sacrifice her life for the life of her child . I wouldn 't trade Tyler 's safety for anything . But our priority is to keep you safe . We can 't let you go in there . We 'll give you a minute . WOMAN : We 're with you , Anna ! Thank you for everything you 've done ! Tell the FBI I will meet with Jack Landry . Anna 's off the ship . She took the bait , went after Lisa . - How 's my daughter doing ? - She 's safe . As soon as this is over , the two of you will be reunited . It 's good to be back on the same side with you . Diana 's cell is this way . We have to hurry . Jack Landry . I 'm Anna . I know who you are . As I know who you are . You 've been very outspoken against my people since our arrival . It 's preaching like yours that led to this . I would never intend for an innocent girl like Lisa to get hurt but I stand by every word I 've spoken against you . Even though it 's cost you your collar ? Everything you believed in . The Church took away my collar , not God . So God is telling you to do the Fifth Columrs bidding ? Answer me . I answer only to him , not you . And with his help , your daughter 's life can be saved . So , what are the instructions ? I was told you are to turn yourself over in one hour at the location written inside this envelope . Leave your security behind and go alone . Once you arrive , the Fifth Column will contact me and inform me where they 're holding Lisa . Thanks for your help . And this God you have so much faith in I hope someday to meet him . They may have covered up Lisa 's scent , but not the human scent on this envelope . It will lead us to her . Whoever is behind this will pay . [ CROWD SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ] MAN 1 : There she is ! MAN 2 : Anna ! My queen . The Tracker traced the human scent from the envelope . We have located Lisa . She 's alone . Her captors must have fled before we got there . - Shall we bring her back to the ship ? - No . Leave her there for now . [ CROWD SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ] As you all know , a terrible thing has happened to my daughter . I have been asked to give my life for hers . I stand here today not as the leader of my people , but as a mother . If Visitors value anything , it is life , above all else . I cannot let any harm befall my daughter . No matter what happens my only wish is that you welcome her into your hearts as you welcomed me . MAN 1 : Peace ! Love you , Anna ! WOMAN : We 're there for you ! MAN 2 : Bless you , Anna ! Leak the location where the FBI is holding Lisa . Make sure Chad Decker 's there . I want the whole world to see what happens . Yes , my queen . [ CROWD SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ] Your mother will be here shortly . Now , the moment you get the chance , you take the shot . No hesitation , okay ? And once it 's done we 'll let Ryan know it 's safe for Diana to reach out to her followers . Okay ? Lisa , you can do this . We are now live outside the warehouse where apparently Visitor High Commander Anna 's daughter , Lisa is being held by Fifth Column terrorists for ransom . [ HELICOPTER WHIRRING ] What do we know ? Another anonymous tip claiming Lisa 's inside . Anna won 't use a body double and she won 't let SWAT go in . She 's afraid if she doesn 't adhere exactly to demands , they 'll kill Lisa . - Great , that ties our hands here . - Yeah , yeah , pretty much . - Are you sure you want to do this ? - Yes , thank you . Lisa is the only one inside . You 're safe to go in . In a shocking and unprecedented moment Visitor High Commander Anna is about to enter this warehouse to willingly give her own life in order to rescue her daughter . ANNA : Lisa . - Are you injured ? - I 'm fine . Who did this to you ? LISA : I don 't know . They had masks . I thought they were gonna kill me . Then they heard the Tracker and ran off . Nobody does this to me . I 'm gonna find out who 's responsible and they will be punished . Lisa , I cannot tell you how worried I was about you . This human skin I never realized how much it affected me . Or maybe I didn 't want to admit the grasp emotion had on me until ... Until what , Mother ? Until I thought I might lose you . I feel , now that you 're safe this emotion , I know now it cannot be bad . Lisa , I was wrong about so much . If the humans could teach me this ... This feeling I have for you , my daughter then everything must change . Humans and Visitors living side by side , in peace . I know I 've never told you this before but I want you to know I love you . There , there . It 's okay . It 's gonna be okay . [ CROWD CHEERING ] My God . She didn 't do it . It is a miraculous moment here with Lisa back safe in her mother Anna 's arms . From where I 'm standing , it doesn 't appear as though the high commander has been harmed in any way . - Erica . What happened to Anna ? - Get off the ship . Lisa didn 't go through with it . Anna 's alive . She 's headed back to the ship now . Go . Lisa didn 't kill Anna . They 're headed back here now . We have to abandon the mission , get you back to your cell . No . I 'm not going back down there . We have no choice . Anna will kill you if she finds you out of your cell . I am the rightful queen . And I will not allow my daughter to destroy our species . Gather my people . Lisa appears to have minor contusions , but does not seem to be in any pain . Quite the contrary , she seems relieved glad to be back in her mother 's safekeeping . Thank you , Agent Evans , for everything you 've done . All that matters is you have your daughter . We 'll see if we can get a word from the high commander . Anna . ERICA : Are you hurt ? I 'm sorry . I couldn 't do it . All of that preparation , humanity in the balance and that is your answer ? - You don 't understand . My mother 's changed . She wants us to live together in peace . No . She 's lying to you , Lisa . I saw it in her eyes . We can trust her . What if you 're wrong ? She 's merciless . No more merciless than you 've shown you can be . Hello , my children . It is your mother , Diana . For 15 years I have dreamed of being reconnected with my children again . You have been lied to , misled . My daughter had me imprisoned . She thought she had a better plan for our species . She has proven ill-equipped to be your queen . The human soul is a gift . We must embrace the soul , embrace humanity . Together , humans and Visitors can live side by side in peace . Your rightful queen has returned to lead you on a new beginning . From this moment on ... [ CROWD GASP ] Did you think you could outmaneuver me ? Daughter . You taught me everything you know but you never learned half of what I know . You 've just doomed us all . Now , that 's how you kill your mother . I imprisoned this woman , my mother , to protect you . She was weak . Stained with human emotion . She wanted to dilute our species subvert us to the humans . No matter what the obstacles , I will never allow that to happen . I am your queen . And I will protect you . But if anyone defies my will they will meet the same fate as my mother . Take her away . I 'll deal with her later . LISA : Mother . Please ... Now kneel . Ryan , you have to get off the ship while you still can . I 've run before but not this time . I am not leaving without my daughter . [ COMPUTER BLEEPING ] Amy ? What are you doing in my room ? Listen we have to get out of here right now , okay ? Before Anna finds out that I 'm here . - All right ? - Get out . Okay , Amy . Amy . I 'm your father . I 'm not gonna fight you . A father who abandoned me ? Left me to suffer in pain ? No . That 's not true . That 's not true at all . Listen . Anna 's just been twisting things . Everything I 've ever done was only to protect you after your mother died . No , Anna is my mother . And you , you left me here to die . I will never let you hurt me or Anna ever again . [ COUGHING AND GAGGING ] [ NECK SNAPS ] [ PHONE LINE RINGING ] Pick up . Pick up . Ty ! Pick up , pick up , come on , Ty , pick up . - Hey , Mom . - Ty , where are you ? I 'm on the ship . I just got back from a shuttle flight . - I need you to get off the ship now . - What are you talking about ? I have kept things from you about the Visitors but it is time that you knew the truth about everything . They were right . We 've got a problem . Erica knows everything . Tyler , get off the ship . Now . Mom , if what you 're saying is true then I have to hear it from Lisa myself . - No . - I love you . Tyler ? Ty ... CHAD : Worldwide leaders are flocking to support the Visitor High Commander Anna in the wake of today 's kidnapping of her daughter , Lisa . Anna 's selfless decision to risk her own life in order to save her daughter 's is being met with universal praise . I have won the love and respect of humanity the world over . It 's time to see our breeding plan to completion . But Lisa has betrayed you . She cannot be trusted to mate with Tyler . Lisa will not be birthing the next generation of our species . ANNA : A fully preserved queen egg . MARCUS : When is she due to hatch ? [ BABY V SCREECHING ] [ SCREECHING ] [ SCREECHING ] Put skin on my new daughter . [ BABY V SCREECHING ] Make sure she looks exactly like Lisa . JACK : We got here and Hobbes was gone . Everything was cleared out . ERICA : Why would he disappear ? CHAD : Been trying to call him . - He 's not answering his cell . ERICA : Keep trying . I told Tyler everything . Everything about the Visitors . He 's still on the ship . And it 's my fault . Wait , wait , Erica . Just try not to panic , okay ? [ PHONE DIALING ] We 've all misstepped . No . Not you . You are the only one who held strong to what you believe in . It 's not too late for you . I let my anger blind me . I became someone just like her . Never again . No word from Ryan either . What the hell is going on on that ship ? MAN [ VOICE DISTORTED ] : Your life in exchange for hers . My queen . There is something I must confess . I watched you fall prey to human emotion and fell victim to Diana 's manipulations . I betrayed you . And for that I deserve one fate : Death . No . You acted on what you believed was the best for our species . But I 've learned something new , Marcus . Human emotion can be useful . It 's how I stopped Lisa from killing me . If I can wield it like a weapon use it to manipulate the humans I 'll be more powerful than ever before . My only regret is that I cannot give you the name of my co-conspirators . I interfaced only with Diana . She made sure of that . There may be a way . Our techs have been working on this message since it aired . The way the voice was disguised , it 's not possible to unscramble it with human technology . MAN [ VOICE DISTORTED ] : It 's you we want dead , Anna . MAN [ CHAD 'S VOICE ] Trade yourself or we kill your daughter . That 's Chad Decker 's voice . Bring him to me . And , Marcus don 't ever betray me again . - Is she ready ? - Yes . Let me see her . Hello , Mother . Has she watched all of Lisa 's memories ? Just what she needs for tonight . Tyler will not know the difference . Go to him , my daughter . Yes , Mother . She 's perfect . Hey , Lisa . I missed you . We need to talk . What 's wrong ? I know this sounds insane but I heard from someone that you guys don 't look like us underneath . That you 're actually here to hurt humans , not to help us . I know it sounds crazy . It is crazy , Tyler . You 've certainly looked better , dear . Unfortunately there 's just some people you can 't trust . Welcome to your new home . Thankfully your grandmother won 't be needing it any longer . Why don 't you just kill me ? I wasrt lying when I said not all human emotion is bad . This one 's called vengeance . I wanna see you suffer . Enjoy the show . TYLER [ ON MONITOR ] : I love you so much right now . [ PHONE LINE RINGING ] Tyler , I 'm really worried . Please call me after you talk to Lisa . No ! [ ERICA SCREAMING ] [ TYLER PANTING ] [ BONES CRACKING ] [ TYLER SCREAMING ] [ SCREAMING ] [ PANTING ] [ GRUNTING ] Now just untie one hand and it 'll be a fair fight . MAN : You 're here because of what you know . You had to poke your head around . You wanted to know everything about the Visitors . And now , you 're gonna have to deal with the consequences . Who are you ? I 'm Lars Tremont . Leader of Project Ares . - Chad Decker ? - Yes . Anna would like to see you . Now . Where are we ? About a mile beneath Manattan . This place could withstand any nuclear fallout or , say , the impact of a mother ship being blown out of the sky . Project Ares is a cabal of high-ranking military and government leaders from around the world who 've long suspected that the V 's are not of peace . We also know , as do you , that they 've been here a lot longer than anyone has imagined . Gentlemen . ERICA : Paul ? - Evans . Chris . How long have you been tracking me ? Long enough to know that we can trust you . This , Agent Evans , is humanity 's last best hope for a future . MARCUS : Attempting to Bliss humanity will surely kill you . ANNA : Then I will die . But not before I fulfill my promise to my subjects and show them that humanity cannot , nor will not ever defeat us . You feel only peace . Sense only peace . Only my Bliss can comfort you . Please , my queen . Please stop . This will kill you . Only my Bliss can save you . Feel my Bliss . [ GRUNTING ] Mother , stop . I can do it for you . You sense only peace . [ ALARM SOUNDS ] What 's going on ? - Something 's happening to people . - Where ? Everywhere . AMY : You feel only comfort . Only calm . Only love . I am your sole protector and your keeper . Only my Bliss . I 'm all you need . You really are a miracle , my child . Hey . Wake up . Wake up . Did I do good , Mother ? Yes . Yes , you did . [ English - US - SDH ]
