 His name is David Robert Jones . He is a scientist . Previously on Fringe ... I 've never met you in my life . But I 've met you . You created a portal , I 'm the man who closed it on you . Interesting story , yet I 'm still in one piece . I need you to take me to the bridge . I need to see Nina Sharp . Olivia has Cortexiphan in her system . I did a chemical analysis . The results are irrefutable . 20 vials present and accounted for . This is not Cortexiphan . The Cortexiphan has been replaced . I know what you 're doing . I know what it 's like to want something back that you love . Whatever 's happening to Olivia , I 'm not doing it . I think you are . Even without meaning to . It 's wrong , Peter . The , uh , girl came in here a couple minutes ago , about yea tall , blond ? I 'm sorry . I didn 't see her . Broyles has agents and BPD combing the area , checking all the traffic cams . Nina has to be behind Olivia 's disappearance . Once she 's been processed in at the FBI , we 'll get her talking . I thought you said she 's denying any involvement in this . For now . Her alibi is not gonna hold . And if she knows where Olivia is- - Good luck getting Nina Sharp to break down and tell us . All right , point taken . You still haven 't told me what you 're hoping to find here . If Walter 's right and Olivia is being dosed with Cortexiphan , it stands to reason that she was gotten to when she was alone and vulnerable . You think she was being watched ? And this Cortexiphan is the reason she 's been acting strangely . That 's Walter 's theory . Right , he thinks that you 've been somehow projecting your Olivia onto her , that she 's assuming the memories and personality of the Olivia from your timeline . Is any of this relevant right now ? It is to me . She 's my partner . And if that 's true , think about what you 're doing to her . Unintentionally or not , you are robbing her of her identity , her life . She is not your Olivia , Peter . And what if she is ? You know that 's impossible . Yet you still let her continue working the case , knowing that she was under your influence , that she wasn 't herself . I don 't know you that well , but I 'd like to think you weren 't ignoring her safety for personal reasons ... And that you 're not ignoring me right now . I 'm not ignoring you . Wireless closed circuit . It could have transmitted anywhere . What 's that ? It 's a backup memory disk . I 've seen surveillance cameras like that before . They continually capture and store images on a disk like this in a 60-minute loop . Olivia hasn 't been here all day . I doubt it 's recorded anything useful in the last hour . I can have our techs take a look . They 're not gonna find anything , but maybe Walter and I will . Let Broyles know that we 're working on this . In the meantime , you should keep on working on Nina , 'cause if this doesn 't pan out , - you 're gonna have to do the impossible . - What 's that ? Get her talking . Well , they came for me in the middle of the night , when I was asleep . They grabbed me . Before they put the bag over my head , I saw her stepping out of the shadows behind them . It was me , Olive . I mean , she looked exactly like me . So it wasn 't you that I saw in your office a few weeks ago ? You didn 't come to my apartment to help me when I was sick ? No , I 'm sorry , sweetheart . I wish I could say that it was . I 've been so worried about you . You know , all the time they 've held me here , he still hasn 't told me what he 's after . Olivia Dunham . I 've waited so very long to meet you . Actually , we 've already met . You have me at a bit of a disadvantage . I watched you die . And I 'm looking forward to seeing u do it again . Maybe confusion 's an unforeseen side effect . I 'm a bit confused myself . She 's not the first to say that to me . A side effect from what ? What does he mean ? Well , of course , you don 't know , though I imagine you 've been feeling the effects for some time- - Your migraines , for example . What the hell did you do to me ? Nothing ... that wasn 't already done to you a long time ago . But then ... you were just a child . Dr. Bishop 's notes from the Cortexiphan trial were quite clear . The subjects ' abilities were triggered by sparks of intense emotions , hmm ? Let 's prime that . Every journey begins with a first step . Jones , you leave her alone . Always the protective mother hen . What are you doing ? Don 't . No . Nina . Damn it , Jones . Stop ! Yes , I believe this will work nicely . 4x14 - The End of All Things - Have you located him ? No . Do we know why he failed to carry out his instructions , why he did not erase the lingering traces of Peter Bishop from this timeline ? That is a question only September can answer , as well as if he is responsible for Peter Bishop 's return . September has continually intervened on behalf of this boy , despite all warnings . He has been given every chance . How should we proceed ? We wait . He will surface again . And when he does , he will have to face the consequences . Have they found her yet ? Sit down , Nina . Now , Phillip , tell me . Do you have any idea if she 's all right ? Do you ? How can you ask me that ? I raised Olivia as if she was my own daughter . Sit down . Phillip , you know me . Do you honestly believe that I 've been dosing Olivia with Cortexiphan , that I could have had anything to do with her disappearance ? I want to believe you , Nina . If you care about Olivia as you say , then cooperate . The more you tell me , the sooner I can find her , and the better it 'll be for you . For God 's sake , Phillip , I have already told you everything that I know . I should be coordinating with Massive Dynamic resources to assist in the search , not sitting here in some damn cell . When were you last in the Massive Dynamic deep-containment facility ? Yesterday afternoon with Agent Lee . And before that ? I 've told you already . I haven 't been there for years . The biometric logs show you accessed the storage facility twice within the last three months . Well , that 's not true . The logs have been tampered with . There are eyewitnesses who say they saw you enter the facility . We have signed affidavits from your own security people . A-a shapeshifter . I-it had to have been . That 's the only explanation . If a shapeshifter was responsible , then you 'd be dead . What are you doing with Olivia ? I see where this is headed . You 've convicted me already . I 'm not saying another word without my attorney present . Have it your way . What exactly are you hoping to find on this chip that you haven 't viewed already ? The camera records over itself every 60 minutes , burying the older images under new footage , so I 'm hoping that this machine is gonna give us a chance to reproduce those older images . A very slim chance . Thanks for the encouragement , Walter . I should never have let her out of the lab . - You shouldn 't have . - What ? I warned you not to succumb to temptation , Peter . Whatever consciousness Olivia appears to be manifesting now , - she is not who you think she is . - You don 't know that . What I do know is that if I had kept her here , as I should have , then she wouldn 't have been taken . And we wouldn 't be fishing in the dark , hinging our hopes on pulling a palimpsest out of that chip . Right now the only thing that matters is finding Olivia . Everything else will work itself out . Uh , I 'm sorry , but what- - What is a " palimtsest " ? A manuscript page from a scroll or book from which the text has been scraped off , which means it can be used again . Like when you rerecord over an old VHS or cassette . Precisely . And what was underneath bleeds through- - Hold on . I 'm getting something . I need to increase the magnetic contrast . Increase the magnetic contrast . Thank you . Olivia . Great . Now what ? Now we dig deeper , see if we can find out who did this to her . Let 's go . Uh , where are you taking me ? Please , Ms. Sharp . Don 't make this harder than it has to be . Look , David , if it 's me you want , you 've got me . You win , but you can leave Nina alone , please . Oh , I couldn 't possibly do that . Every horse needs a carrot . Every mouse , a piece of cheese . Incentive , Agent Dunham- - All creatures need an incentive to perform tasks . Let 's give you a little better view , shall we ? Oh , my God . I 'm going to take you through a series of tests . This first one may take some time . I want you- - I know what you want me to do . You want me to turn the lights on with my mind . We did something like this before . You were trying to activate my ability to cross between universes . And since you seem perfectly capable of doing that yourself , what is this about ? Whatever you know , Miss Dunham , whatever you think you know of your abilities , I assure you ... Your potential is ... far greater . Olivia , listen to me ! Don 't do what he says , please , whatever happens . All righty , then . Let 's begin , shall we ? Now , if ... as you seem to believe , you 've done this before , then turning the lights on should not be any problem , should it ? Perhaps this will help you get started . Oh , you son of a bitch . Leave her alone ! Don 't waste all that emotion on me , miss Dunham . Turn on the light . I-I can 't . Please , can you just leave her alone ? Gladly . You know what you have to do . Just one light , and we won 't have to hurt her anymore . I can 't . Please stop . I ca- - I just can 't right now . I 'm- - I 'm tired , and I just need rest . Very well . I 'll give you your rest . We 'll try this again in , uh , an hour . Wait . Stop . What ? What do you see ? I don 't see anything . But I really have to pee , and I don 't want to miss anything . I 've had the same issue for the past ten minutes . Great . Well , you won 't have to wait too much longer . We can 't dig any deeper because- - Hold on a second . If I decrease the chrome and the saturation ... That looks like a person . Hello . Can facial rec tell us who this guy is ? Send me a capture of the image . I 'll forward it to FBI . They can cross-reference with Interpol 's database . Clearly he works for that harridan Nina . It 's who Nina 's working for that worries me . I 've been racking my brain trying to figure out- - Why would Nina be dosing Olivia with Cortexiphan ? But then it occurred to me . The only person who 's ever done anything like that , at least in my timeline , was David Robert Jones . Maybe he 's trying to do the same thing again . - Do what ? - Activate Olivia . For what purpose ? I don 't know . We could never figure it out . But maybe it 's for the same reasons now . Yes . His goal is the same . You , talk to me . What do you know about David Robert Jones ? What do you know about Olivia ? She needs you . - Oh my God he 's been shot . - Check his breathing , dear . There 's no exit wound . That bullet 's still in him , Walter . - His breathing is shallow . - Pulse is weak . There 's no breath sound from his left side . His lung must have collapsed ... If he has lungs . Oh , dear God , I have no idea if this man 's physiology is similar to ours at all . It is- - At least that 's what you told me in my timeline . I suppose I have no reason to doubt myself . Walter , should I call the paramedics ? They 'll just take him to a hospital . He 'll have a better chance of surviving with me . We need to cut this bullet out and reinflate the lung . Please get my medical kit , quickly , dear . Peter , put pressure here . Walter , he is an observer . They only show up at significant events . That he 's here must mean it 's important . Well , who could have shot him , and why ? Well , I don 't know , but he 's here . He must have something to tell us . He said , " She needs you . " He was talking about Olivia . Ah , damn it . Here , here , here . - Bishop . - It 's Lincoln . We got the image you pulled . They 're running it through facial recognition now . How long do you think before we have an ID on that guy ? I 'm not sure . We never tried it with an image this weak before . It could take time . What do you think the chances are we 're gonna get lucky and Nina starts talking ? I wouldn 't count on it . She 's got her lawyer in with her now . Short of the sixth amendment being repealed , I don 't see her cooperating anytime soon . I am so sorry that you have to go through this . Oh , it 's not your fault . I mean , none of this is your fault . No , listen to me . I know Jones . I know what he 's capable of . William fired him because he was unhinged . You cannot give in . Yeah , but if I don 't , then he 's going to keep torturing you , and I can 't have that . I won 't . Okay . Nina ? Nina ... You- - you have to help activate me . Olive , I-I ... All right , Cortexiphan is based on emotions . For me , it was always fear- - Not fear for myself , but fear for the people that I loved . Now , Jones is- - He 's using that , hoping that it will access my abilities . But something 's happened . W-w-what do you mean ? Well , because of the Cortexiphan ... I-I-I can 't remember certain aspects of our relationship . I-I can 't remember things about us . And without that connection , I-I-I can 't do what he wants . It just- - it- - It won 't work . Now , I- - Now , I-I don 't understand . Y-you don 't remember our life together ? No , I-I-I remember , but ... I just ... I just need for you to help me feel it . Just- - just help me remember the details , what we- - What we meant to each other . - Mm . - Maybe if you could- - If you could just tell me a story , maybe the first day that Rachel and I came to live with you . Uh , oh , well , um ... Mm , a social worker brought you and your sister up from Jacksonville on the train . I-I met you at Penn Station . You really don 't remember ? I remember the train , I think , but ... Just- - just keep going . Well , I brought you girls home ... To our old house in the Catskills . And I couldn 't sleep that night . And so you came into my room . And you sat with me , but I-I can 't remember what we talked about . Okay , I- - You were scared . I mean , after what you 'd been through , coming to a new home with a woman that you hardly knew- - And I kept calling you " Ms. Sharp . " Yes , you did . That 's true . I told you that you didn 't need to worry , that we were a family now ... And that whatever happened , we had each other . And we 'd be okay . And I-I kissed you on the forehead . I kissed you good night , and you called me " Nina . " That was the first time you 'd ever done that . I can only remember pieces ... Just fragments . It 's like looking at a photo album of somebody else 's life . This isn 't going to work . I don 't want them to keep hurting you , but ... The only person that this has ever worked with is Peter . Peter Bishop ? The Cortexiphan , my abilities- - It 's only ever worked when I 've been around him . Aah ! Nina ? - Oh ! - Nina , are you okay ? Oh , oh ! I-I-I-I-I don 't know . Oh ! Hey ! I need somebody in here now ! Stand back . What is it ? She , uh- - She needs medical attention now . Look , you can tell your boss that if she dies , then his leverage dies . Bring the gurney . Well ? I know why it 's not working . She needs Peter Bishop . Apparently , she can 't be activated unless he 's present . Somehow I knew he 'd be trouble . Agent Dunham had asked me not to share this with anyone , but under the circumstances ... That man paid a visit to Olivia several weeks ago . What ? At that Brooklyn opera house , while the two of you were on the other side . What did he want ? Apparently to warn her . He said he 'd seen all possible futures , and in every one , Olivia was going to die . Peter . Yeah . You said this man exists out of time . What if , at the opera house , weeks ago , he was referring to events that are happening now ? Walter , if he was trying to warn her about this abduction , do you think maybe he knows where she is ? I suppose . Dr. Bishop , do you have any reasonable expectation when this man will wake up ? I 've treated him as best I can , but he 's gone into septic shock . His vital organs are shutting down one by one . I 'm afraid there 's nothing anyone can do for him now . That was HQ . Found a match on the man in Olivia 's apartment . His name is Leland Spivey . His last known address was an apartment in Deerfield . I 'll deploy a SWAT unit to his place . Uh , you 're not gonna find him . Leland Spivey died in a car accident three years ago . Then how was he in Agent Dunham 's apartment weeks ago ? I don 't know . Maybe , uh- - Maybe if Jones can cross over at will to the other side , he 's bringing other people back with him ? You think the guy on the tape is Spivey 's doppelganger ? It doesn 't matter . It 's a dead end . The only way to find Olivia is through him . You heard Dr. Bishop . He 's dying . But he 's not dead . He still has brain function . Peter , you 're not suggesting- - - Why not ? - Suggesting what ? He wants to go into the observer 's mind . Is that possible ? Walter , you know the only way that I 'm going to find Olivia is if you can put me into his consciousness . Peter , this man 's brain could operate in ways we can 't even imagine . And if he dies when you are in his mind , you could well die too . Can you do it ? Yes . Good . Then let 's get started . We don 't have much time . Okay , Peter , here we go . The beginning of all things . I have been privileged to witness it ... As I am to witness my end . You know that you 're dying ? Yes . I was shot . By who ? That is not the relevant question . Yes . Olivia . You said she needs my help . Does that mean you know where she is ? That , too , is not relevant ... Not yet . I am sorry , but I do not have long , and there is much I need you to understand before I go . Who ... or what ... are you ? I am called " September . " But that is a code designation given to members of our scientific team . Scientists . From where ? A more apt question would be , " from when ? " We are you- - Were . Human ... Many generations after your lifetime . We are one of countless possible futures for humanity . Our technology has uniquely afforded us the ability to travel within and outside of time so that we may observe our beginnings . But you 've done a lot more than observe . Yes . It was my attempt to rectify the mistake I made . What mistake ? Is that ... ? Your real father ... Developing the cure that would have saved your life . Excuse me . What are you doing in here ? Forgive me , Dr. Bishop . I did not mean to disturb you . I am an admirer . Your father found the cure , but in my desire to witness the moment , I inadvertently distracted him from discovering it . I already know all that . Walter told me , but what were you doing there ? I 'm sorry for disturbing you . It was important . You are important . It was why I could not allow you to drown at the bottom of Reiden lake , why it was necessary to allow the other Dr. Bishop to cure you instead . Despite my efforts to set things right , these actions only culminated in further corruption of the timeline . The war between the two universes drastically altered destinies and brought about a child that was not meant to be . What child ? Your son ... Henry . My what ? He was born to the wrong Olivia Dunham due to a series of circumstances that never should have happened . This event ... would have irrevocably altered everything that was to come . Henry . I have a son . Had . When you made the sacrifice to step into that machine , you were not the only one who ceased to exist . So would he . I believed at the time that would be the end of it . I cannot explain , but it is clear that I was wrong . You have managed to return in physical form . I suspect ... this will provide an opportunity for you to put things right . She is the one ... The Olivia Dunham from whom your shared future was meant to spring . This must be , and everything will be as it was intended . You must find a wa- - - They are coming . - Who ? You need to go . What 's happening ? There is no time . I 'm going to need you to do something for me . I 'm not doing anything till you tell me where to find Olivia- - For that , you have only to go home . I know that I have to go home . I know I have to get back to my timeline , but I 'm talking about this Olivia in this timeline . Go ho- - Walter , what 's happening ? I don 't know . His heart rate is suddenly spiking . Peter , did you make contact ? - Was he able to tell you where Olivia is ? - No . Give me 30 milligrams of propafenone . Walter . Somebody want to tell me what the hell just happened ? I don 't understand how this table just knocked itself over . A dying man suddenly vanishes in front of our eyes , and the thing you 're wondering is , " What happened the table ? " Among other things . He just stopped suddenly , and he said , " They 're coming . " And then I got yanked out . Well , I didn 't do any yanking . It must have been them . The " them " who were coming . You 're certain he had nothing else to offer ? Mm-mm . He just kept on saying how I needed to get back to my timeline and my Olivia . Your Olivia and our Olivia ? I thought they were one and the same to you . Then we 're right back where we started ... With Nina Sharp being our only real lead . Agent Lee , I think she 's been on ice long enough . Let 's see if she 's ready to deal . You tried , Peter . It was a valiant effort nonetheless . You 're very lucky to have made it out . I can 't imagine what would have happened if this observer had disappeared with your consciousness still inside his brain . He existed outside of time . He could 've helped me to find Olivia . He kept on saying that I needed to get home . What if he was being literal this time- - Not home to my timeline , just to my house ? What do you think- - That she 's waiting for you at your house after she 's been kidnapped ? I suppose it makes as much sense as anything else that 's gone on here . It doesn 't make any sense . My point exactly . I know that sounds crazy , but I got to at least check it out . Maybe there 's a clue there that can point me in the direction of Olivia . I 'll call you from there if I find anything . Olivia ? Olivia ! You here ? Where is she ? I said , " where is she ? " Hello ? Peter ? Peter ? Olivia . Olivia , are you okay ? Did they hurt you ? No , no . I 'm fine . I 'm fine . Nice of you to join us , Mr. Bishop . By now , you must have realized that your every word was being monitored . If I overheard you correctly , you believe this man will be helpful in evoking an emotional response , so let 's give it a try , shall we ? Unless , of course , I was mistaken . I find your silence encouraging . - Don 't do it , Olivia . - I 'm afraid you must , or Leland here will start slicing off pieces of your friend . Excellent , Agent Dunham . I knew you had it in you . Impressive . What are you doing , Olivia ? I 'm doing what you wanted . I 'm turning on the lights . What ? No , Olivia , don 't . - You 're not Nina . - What are you talking about ? My high-school graduation- - You told me that now I was an adult . I was no longer allowed to call you " Ms. Sharp . " That was the first time I called you " Nina . " Get her out . Peter ? Olivia . How did you do that ? How did you know how to concentrate your power ? Well , I , uh- - I didn 't . I just know that ... when I was a little girl , I did something similar , and that if they brought you to me , then you might give me what I needed to do it again . Okay . Come on . Best be on our way . Be a good fellow and keep them occupied , will you ? Olivia . I got you . You 're gonna be okay . I 'm here . On your feet , both of you . She 's having a seizure . I said get up . Hey ! Oh , God . Come on . Please be so kind as to step aside . Ladies first . Jones ... Don 't move . That was quite a display you put on in there , miss Dunham . Your love for this man must be something quite profound . Jones , you can step away from the portal . Good-bye for now , Agent Dunham . It would seem there are some fringe benefits to having one 's body reassemble at an atomic level . Peter , I- - Did you see that ? I- - Oh , I got you . I got you . Let 's get you out of here , okay ? Okay . Yeah . Yeah , Plainfield Memorial . But , Lincoln , make sure that you tell the EMTs that she 's gonna need Diazepam . All right , thanks . All right , first responders are on their way . You 're gonna be fine . It 's okay . I 'm feeling better now . I guess all the energy that I expended did a number on my nervous system . Maybe ... But maybe it was me ... Just by being close to you , like Walter said . Well , Walter isn 't always right . Yeah , neither am I. At the gas station just before you got taken , you were ready to come home with me , and I was ready to think that that was okay . But it wasn 't . It was a mistake ... One that I promised myself I 'd never make again . This isn 't the same as what happened- - I saw her . I saw my Olivia- - The one that I am supposed to be with , the only one that I 'm supposed to be with . Peter , I don 't understand what 's happening to me any more than you do . But that doesn 't change what I do know , what you know- - That if you look at me- - If you- - If you look- - If you look into my eyes , then you can see that I am her . No . No , you have her memories , or you have my memories of her . You 're a projection or- - I don 't know what . But when I looked into your eyes , what I saw was what I wanted to see . I know she 's out there ... My Olivia , in my timeline , waiting for me . And I let myself forget that , so I 'm sorry , Olivia . And I 'll be sure that Walter can fix you up somehow and give you back your life . But for right now , I think it 's better if I just stay away . Okay , Peter , I-I-I 'm in love with you , and I-I can 't just- - just turn that off now . I don 't want to lose you . W-where are you going ? Home . I have to go home .
