 Nibiru , M class planet Damn it man , that was our ride . You just stunned our ride . Great ... Run ! - What the hell did you take . - I have no idea but they were valued to him . Kirk to shuttle 1 , both of us is out of the kill zone . Your are clear , repeat ... Spock , get in there and neutralize the volcano let 's get out of here . We have do this now ! I told the Captain , the shuttle was not built to this kind of heat . Captain , did any one indigenous life forms see you . No , Mr. Spock they did not . The prime directive clearly states that there cannot be no interference , with the internal development of alien civilizations . I know what it says which is why I 'm running through jungle , wearing a disguise . Now , drop off your super ice-cube , and let 's go ! - Kirk out . - You are good . If we are going to do this , we got to do it now . Ash is killing our coils . Are you sure you don 't want me go instead . That would be highly illogical as I 'm already outfitted in heat resistance ... Spock , I was kidding . - You got this . - Guys , we have to go , now ! They are trying to kill us ! They are trying to kill us ! I 'll see you in 90 seconds . Do it ... do it ! H-two , seven , three ... I can 't hold this position , Spock , I 'll got to pull you back up ! Negative . This is our only chance to save the species . If this volcano erupts , the planet dies . Pull back up ! Now ! Spock , are you okay ? I 'm surprisingly , alive . Standby . We have to get him back ! I suit up and go down . - We have to abandon the shuttle . - We cannot just leave him there . We don 't have a choice . Uhura , I 'm sorry . Spock , we are going back to the Enterprise . We get you out of there . Captain , I 'm ditching the shuttle . - You must make it to Enterprise on your own . - Wonderful . - Uhura , are you ready to swim ? - I 'm ready . Jim , the beach is that way . I know , we don 't going to the beach ! Oh , no , no ! I hate this ! I know you do ! Do you have any idea , how ridiculous is to hide a starship on the bottom of the ocean . We 've been doing this since last night . The salt-water is going to erodes ... Scotty ! Where is Spock ? Still in the volcano , sir . Captain on the bridge ! Lieutenant , do we have an open channel for Mr. Spock ? The heat is frying his comms but we still have a contact . Spock ! I activated the device , Captain . When the countdown is complete the reaction should render the volcano inert . Yeah , that 's going to render him inert . - Should we have use of the transporters ? - Negative , sir . - Not with this kind of magnetic field ... - I need to beam Spock back to the ship . Give me one way to do it . Maybe if we have direct line of sight ... No way . You are talking about an active volcano . Sir , if that thing erupts , I can 't guarantee that will withstand the heat . I do not know if we can maintain that kind of altitude . Our shuttle was concealed by the ash cloud , but the Enterprise is too large . If utilized in a rescue effort , it would be revealed to the indigenous species . Spock , nobody knows the rules better than you , but there got to be an exception . Non . Such action violates prime directive . Shut up , Spock ! We are trying to save you , damn it ! Doctor , the needs of the many out weight needs of the few . Spock we are talking about your life . The rule cannot be violated in any case ... Spock ! Try to get him back on-line . 90 seconds to detonation . If Spock were here and I was there , what would he do ? He lets you die . Spock ! You are all-right ? Captain , you let them see our ship . He is fine . - Bridge to Captain Kirk . - Yes , Lieutenant . - Is Commander Spock on board , sir ? - Safely and sound . Please notify him that , the device successfully detonated . You heard that ? Congratulations , Spock ! You just saved the world . - You violated the prime directive . - Ah , come on Spock , they saw us big deal . - Subs by the 24hpie - Corrected and synced by : Szaki I can save her . What did you say ? Your daughter . I can save her . Who are you ? Jim , come on , Let it go . You are not actually answer that , are you ? San Francisco , Starfleet Headquarters Spock , I 'm telling you this why he called , I can feel it . Your feelings aside , I consider highly unlikely , we will be selected for the new program . Why else would Pike want to see us ? Forget about seniority , they gave us the newest ship in the fleet . - And who else they going to send out . - I can think numerous the possibilities ... A five-year mission , Spock . That 's deep space , that 's uncharted territories , think incredible that 's going to be . Hello , ladies ! Jim Kirk . - Uneventful . - Admiral ? That 's the way you describe the survey in Nibiru in Captain 's log . Yes sir , I didn 't want to waste your time going with the details . Tell me more about this volcano . Data says was highly volatile . If it would be erupt , it would wipe out the planet ? - Let 's hope it doesn 't , sir . - Something tells me it won 't . Well sir , volatile is all relative . Maybe our ... data was off . Or maybe it didn 't erupted , because Mr. Spock detonated a cold fusion device inside it , right after a civilization that 's barely invented the wheel , happen to see a starship rising out their ocean . That 's pretty much how you describe it , is it not ? - Admiral ... - You filed a report ? Why did you not tell me ? I correctly assumed that you would be truthful in your Captain 's log . Yeah , I 'd would been if I didn 't have to save your life . A fact for which I 'm deeply grateful and very reason I felt necessary to take responsibility for the actions taken by ... Oh , yeah don 't be so noble pointy if you also throwing me under the bus . - Pointy ? Is that a derogative reference ? - Gentlemen . Starfleet 's mandate is to explore - and to observe , not to interfere . Had the mission had gone as planned , admiral , Indigenous species would be never been aware of our interference . - That 's a technicality . - I am Vulcan , sir . - We in-praise technicality . - You giving me attitude , Spock . I 'm expressing multiple attitudes simultaneous , sir . - To which you are referring to ? - Out . You 're dismissed , Commander . - Do you have any idea what a pain in the ass , you are ? - I think so , sir . So , tell me what did you wrong ? What 's the lesson to be learned here ? - Never trust a Vulcan . - I see , you cant even answer the question . You lied on a , official report , you lied . You think the rules don 't apply to you because you disagree with them ? That 's why you talk me into signing up in first place . That 's why you gave me your ship . I gave you my ship because I saw a greatness in you ... And now I see you don 't have got ounce of humility . - What I suppose to do ? Let Spock die ? - You are missing the point . I don 't think I 'm , sir . What would you have done ? I would not risked my first officers life in the first place . You suppose to survey a planet not alter its destiny . You violated dozens starfleet regulations and almost got everyone under your command killed . But except I didn 't , you know how many crew have I lost since ... - That 's your problem ! - Since I took command ? - This and the defect is . - You think you 're infallible . - Not one . - You think not you can 't make mistakes , It 's a pattern with you . - That the rules are for the other people . - Some should be . And what 's worse is you using plain luck to justify , you playing God ! Given the circumstances , this has been brought to admiral Marcus attention . He convened a special tribunal to which I was not invited . You understand what 's starfleet regulations mandate be done in this point ? They taken Enterprise away from you ... They are sending you back to the academy . Admiral , listen . No , why should I listen ? You don 't listen anybody but yourself ! Every decision I 've made ... I can 't listen . You don 't comply with the rules , you don 't take responsibility for anything , and you don 't respect the chair . You know why ? Because you 're not ready for it . LONDON Transmission sent to : admiral Marcus - How did you find me ? - I know you better than you I think you do . When I first time found you was in a dive-bar like this . Remember that ? Got your ass handed to you . - No it didn 't . - You don 't ? - No , it wasn 't what happen ... - That was an epic beating . No , it wasn 't . You had napkins hanging out of your nose ... did you not ? Yeah , that was a good fight . A good fight ? I think that 's your problem right there . They gave it back to me . The Enterprise . Congratulations ! Watch your back with that first officer , thou . Spock not going to work with me , he is been transferred . USS Bradbury . You are going to be my first officer . Yeah , Marcus took some convincing ... But any now and then I can make a good case . - What did you tell him ? - The truth ... That I believe in you . And if anybody deserves a second chance , it 's Jim Kirk . I don 't know what to say . That is a first . It 's going to be okay , son . An emergency session at the Daystrom . - That 's us . - Yeah . Suit up . - Captain . - Not any more , Spock , first officer . I was demoted and you were resigned . It 's fortunate that the consequences were not more severe . You gotta be kidding me ! - Captain , my intention was not ... - Not Captain . I saved your life Spock . You wrote a report , I lost my ship . Commander , I see now I should alerted to the fact I submitted the report . Now I 'm , familiar with your compulsion to follow the rules , but , see I cant do that . Where I come from , if someone saves your life you don 't stab him at the back . Vulcan 's cannot lie . Then I 'm talking to the half-human part of you . Do you understand why I went back for you ? Commander Spock ? I 'm Frank Abbott , USS Bradbury . Guess you are with me . Yes , Captain . The truth is I 'm going to miss you . Admiral Marcus , sir . Thank you for meeting on such short notice . Be seated . By now some of you heard what happened in London . The target was a starfleet data archive , now it 's a damn hole in the ground . 42 men and women are dead . One hour ago , I received a message from starfleet officer , who confessed to carrying out this attack . That he been forced to do this by this man , Commander John Harrison . He 's one of of our own and he 's the man responsibility this act of savagery . For reasons unknown , John Harrison has just declared one man war against starfleet . Under no circumstances are we to allowed this man to escape Federation space . You here tonight represent the senior command of all the vessels in the region . And in the name of those that we lost ... You will run this bastard down . This is a manhunt , pure and simple so let 's get to work . Earth perimeter sensors hasn 't detected any warp signatures leaving the system , so we know he cannot be far . You park ships at blockade formation , and deploy search vehicles and landing parties , to run down every lead . This man has shown willingness to kill innocent people ... so rules of engagement are simple if you come across this man and you or your life lies those nearby you are authorized to use deadly force on the subject . - What 's in the bag ? - James , not now ! Does it seem odd that he targeted an archive ? It 's like bombing a library . Chris , is everything okay there ? Yes , sir . Mr. Kirk is just acquainting to his new position as first officer . If you have something to say , Kirk , say it tomorrow is too late . I 'm fine , sir , my apologies . Spit it out son , don 't be shy . Why the archive ? All that information is public record ... if he really wanted to damage starfleet . - This could be just the beginning . - Beginning of what , Mr. Kirk ? Sir , in event of attack , protocol mandates ... that senior commands gather , Captains and first officers at Starfleet Headquarters , right here . In this room . It is curios Harrison would Commander a jump ship without warp capability ... Clear the room ! We need air defense team , Daystrom conference room . Go , go , hurry ! - Yeah ? - Commander , Mr. Scott has found something in wreckage of Harrison 's ship , He asked to see us right away . Captain , I found this in the crashed jump ship , sir . This is how the bastard got away . - What do you mean ? - It 's a portable transwarp beaming device . - Can you figure out where he went ? - I already did , sir and you are not going to like it . He gone to the one place we just cannot go . Admiral , sir , he is not on Earth . He is on Kronos , sir . I request my command to be reinstated and your permission to go after him . Give us a minute . - Kronos ? - Yes , sir . So Harrison has gone to the Klingon home world ? - Is he defecting ? - We are not sure , sir . He has taking refugee in the Keth province , region uninhabited ... He got to be hiding there , sir . He knows if we even go near Klingon space , it will be all out war . Starfleet can 't go after him , but I can . Please , sir . All out war with the Klingons is inevitable , Mr. Kirk . If you ask me , it 's already has begun . Since we first learned of their existence , the Klingon Empire , conquered and occupied two planets that we know of , fired on our ships half a dozen times . They are coming are way . London was not an archive . It was top secret branch of starfleet designated to Section 31 . They were developing defensive technologies , training our officers to gather intelligence on Klingons , And any other potential enemy means to do us harm . Harrison was one of our top agents . Now he 's a fugitive and I want to take him out . Pike always said you 're one of our best and brightest . You should have heard him defend you . He was the who talk you to joining starfleet , wasn 't he ? Yes , sir . Did he ever tell you who talk him into joining ? His death is on me . And yours won 't be . Sir , please , all I ... Mr. Spock , you said that the province where Harrison is hiding uninhabited ? Affirmative , sir . As part of our defensive strategy , 31 developed a new photon torpedo . Long range , untraceable . You will be invisible Klingon sensors . I don 't want you hurt , but I want to take him out . You park on the edge of the Neutral Zone , you lock on to Harrison 's position , You fire , you kill him and hall ass . Permission to restate Mr. Spock as my first officer . Granted . Jim ? - Where were you ? - For what ? Your medical exam . 10 hours ago , you were at damn fire-fight . - Now , It 's my duty to ... - I 'm fine , Bones . Hell you are ! I 'm fine . Status report , Mr. Spock . The Enterprise should be ready for launch by the time we arrive . Good , good . Captain . Thank you requesting my reinstatement . You are welcome . As I 'm again your first officer , it is now my duty , strongly object to our mission perimeters . Of course it is . There are no starfleet regulations that condemns a man to die without trial . Something you and admiral Marcus are forgetting . Also , preventively firing torpedoes at the Klingon home-world . You yourself said that the area is uninhabited . There is going to be only one casualty . In case you weren 't listen our orders have nothing do with starfleet regulations . Wait a minute , we are firing torpedoes at the Klingons ? Regulations aside this action is morally wrong . Regulations aside , pulling your ass out of the volcano was morally right . - And didn 't win any point for that . - Jim , calm down . I 'm not going take ethic lessons from a robot . Resorting to name calling suggest that you are defensive , therefore find my opinion valid . I wasn 't asking for your opinion . Bones , get that thing off my face ! Captain , our mission could start a war with the Klingons , and is by very definition is immoral . Perhaps , you should take requisite time to arrive to this conclusion for yourself . Captain Kirk . Science officer Wallace . I 've been signed to Enterprise by admiral Marcus . These are my transfer orders . - You requested an additional science officer , Captain ? - I wish I had . Lieutenant Carol Wallace doctor in applied physics , specializing in advanced weaponry . - Impressive credentials . - Thank you . But redundant now that I 'm back on-board the Enterprise . And yet , more than merrier , have a seat , Doctor . Shuttle crew , standby for lift off . No , I 'm not signing anything , now , get these bloody things off of my ship . - Is there are problems , Mr. Scott ? - Aye , sir , I was just explaining to this gentlemen , I can 't authorize any weapons on board this ship without knowing what 's inside them . - Mr. Scott rises yet another point . - Report to the bridge . Captain ! Mr. Scott , I understand your concerns but we need these torpedoes on board . Due respect , sir , but photon torpedoes run on fuel . Now I can not even detect the type what fuel is in compartments , on these torpedoes , because they are shielded . Now I asked for the specs , but he said ... - Classified . - It 's classified . So , I said , no specs , no signature ! Captain . - Flight checks completed . We are good to go , sir . - Thank you , Mr. Sulu . Now , if will you excuse me , sir , I ' have warp core to prime . Get down . - Jim , your vitals way off . - Report to med bay . Scotty ! I need you to approve those weapons . - Do you know what is this , Captain ? - I have no time for a lecture , Scotty . - Do you know what is this ? - Its a warp core . It 's a radioactive catastrophe waiting to happen . A sudden shift in magnetic output from , say , firing one or more of 6 dozen torpedoes with unknown payload , could start a chain reaction which will kill every living thing on this ship . Letting those torpedoes on board Enterprise is the last straw . - What was the first straw ? - What was the ... There are plenty of straws , How about starfleet confiscating my transwarp equation now some madman using it now to hop a cross the galaxy . - Where do you think he got it from ? - We have orders , Scotty . That 's what scares me . This is clearly a military operation . Is that we are now ? Cause , I thought we were explorers . Sign for the torpedoes . That 's an order ! Right , well you don 't leave me no choice than resign my duties . - Come on , Scotty . - You are giving me no choice , sir . - You don 't give much of a choice . - I will not stand by ... Make an exception and sign it ! - Do you accept my resignation or not ? - I do ! I do . You are you 're relieved , Mr. Scott . Jim . For the love of God . Do not use those torpedoes . Captain , I 'm so sorry about admiral Pike . We all are . - Are you okay ? - Fine , thank you , Lieutenant . Actually , Scotty just quit , and your boyfriend second guessing me every chance he gets . I 'm sorry , that was impropriety . It just some times I want to rip those thing of his head . - Hell maybe it 's me . - It 's not you . It 's not ? - Are you guys , are you guys , fighting . - I 'd rather not talk about it . Oh , my God , what is it even like ? Your ears burning . Captain on the bridge . Mr. Chekhov . You 've been shadowing Mr. Scott , you are familiar with Engineering systems of this ship ? - Affirmative , sir . - Good . You are my new chief , go and put on a red shirt . Aye , Captain . Re-tract all moorings , Mr. Sulu . Yes , sir . - Lieutenant Uhura , open a ship wide channel . - Yes , sir . Mr. Chekhov , how are we looking down there ? - All systems nominal , Captain . - Copy that . - Warp available at your command . - Thank you , Mr. Chekhov . - All right , let 's ride . - Yes , sir . Channel open , sir . Attention , the crew of the Enterprise . As most of you know , Christopher Pike former Captain of this ship , and our friend , is dead . The man who killed him has fled our system , and hiding in the Klingon home-world . Somewhere he believes we are unwilling to go . We are on our way there now . For admiral Marcus it is essential that our presence go undetected . Tensions between the Federation and the Klingon Empire have been high , any provocation could lead to all out war . I will personally lead a landing party , to abandoned city on the surface of Kronos . There we will capture the fugitive John Harrison , and return him to Earth so he can face judgement for his actions . All right , let 's go get this son of the bitch ! Kirk out . Captain , I believe you made a right decision . If I can be assistance , I would be happy to accompanied you to your away team . You happy ? I was simply attempting to use your way to convey an idea . Thank you , Mr. Spock . Spock , you startled me . - What are you doing , doctor ? - Verifying the torpedoes and ... You misunderstand . What are you doing on board this ship ? There is no record of you being signed to the Enterprise . - Really , that must be some sort of mistake . - My conclusion as well , Dr. Marcus . Except that you have lied about your identity . Wallace is the sir name of your mother . I can only assume that , admiral is your father . Mr. Spock . I am aware that I have no right to ask this of you ... But please ... He cannot know that I 'm here . Engineering manually dropped out of warp , sir . - Mr. Chekhov , did you brake my ship ? - Sorry , sir I do not know what happened . The core overheated . I had to activate the emergency stop . It must be a cooling leak , I need time to find it . - Sorry , Captain . - Dammit . - Mr. Sulu , time down to our destination . - 20 minutes , sir . It 's 20 minutes in enemy space that we weren 't counting on . We better hop to it . - Where is Spock ? - Here , Captain . You coming with me to Kronos . - Lieutenant , how is your Klingon ? - It 's rusty but it 's good . Good , you are coming too . Is this giving me any problems , is it , you two working together ? Absolutely not . Unclear . I 'll meet you in shuttle bay . Jim , you are not actually going down there , are you ? You don 't rob a bank , when a getaway car has a flat tire . I 'm sure engineering will have us all patched up , by the time we get back . - Is that right , Mr. Chekov ? - Yes , Captain . I 'll do my best , sir . Mr. Sulu , you have the com . Once we are on route , I want you to transmit a targeted comm-burst to Harrison 's location . Tell him you have bunch of real big torpedoes pointed at his head , if he doesn 't play nice we are not afraid to use it . - Is there a problem ? - No , sir . But I have never sat on that chair before . You going to do great . Jim , wait . You just sat that man down on high stakes poker game , with no cards and told him to bluff . Now , Sulu is a good man , but he is no Captain . For next 2 hours he is , and enough with the metaphors , all-right . That 's an order . Mr. Sulu , make sure that the knormian ship is ready to fly . Acting Captain Sulu to shuttle-bay 2 . Please have the trade ship we confiscated during march-man incident last month . Fuelled and flight ready . Captain Kirk is on route to you right now . - Ready to Deploy , Captain . - Lieutenants loose the red shirts . - You are knormien arms dealers , put those on . - Sir ? For this thing goes south , there can be nothing , tying us to starfeet . Unless of course you want to start a war , Mr. Hendor . - No , sir . - No , sir . Good , me neither . I 'm detecting a single life sign in Keth province . Given the information provided by Mr. Scott , this is most likely John Harrison . Mr. Sulu , I think we found our man you let him know you mean business . Aye , Captain . Attention , John Harrison . This is Captain Hikaru Sulu of the USS Enterprise . A shuttle of highly trained officers is on it 's way to your location . If you do not surrender to them immediately , I will launch entire payload of advanced long range torpedoes , currently locked on to your location . You have two minutes to confirm your compliance . Refusal do so will result in your obliteration . If you test me , you will fail . Mr. Sulu . Remind me never to piss you off . KRONOS We arrive at Harrison 's location in three minutes , Captain . It 's unlikely that he will come willingly . I calculate the odds him to attempting to kill us 91.6 % . - Fantastic . - Good thing you don 't care about dying . I 'm sorry , Lieutenant I couldn 't hear what you ... Oh , I didn 't say anything . Actually I 'll be happy to speak if you are willing listen to me . - Guys . - I 'd prefer discuss this in private . You 'd prefer not to discuss this at all . - Our plans ... - Are you really going to this now ? You never seems to require my attent ... - Miss Uhura ... - I 'm sorry , Captain just two seconds . Okay . It 's us . At that volcano you didn 't give a thought to us . What would it do to me if you died , Spock . You didn 't feel anything . You didn 't care . And not I 'm the only-one whos is upset with you , the Captain is too . No , no , don 't drag me into this . She 's right . Your suggestion that I do not care about dying is incorrect . Te sensitive beings optimal chance to maximizing utility is long and prospers life . - Great . - Not exactly a love-song , Spock . You misunderstand . It is true I chose not to feel anything upon realizing that my own life was ending . As admiral Pike was dying I join in with his conscience , and experienced what he felt at the moment of his passing . Anger , confusion , loneliness . Fear . I had experienced those feelings before , multiplied exponentially on the day my planet was destroyed . Such a feeling is something I choose never to experience again . Nyota , you mistake my choice not to feel , as a reflection of me not caring . While I assure you , the truth is precisely the opposite . What the hell was that ? What happen ? Where is the signal ? They are cut out , I 'm working on get them back . We are pursued by a D-4 class Klingon vessel . - I thought this sector was abandoned . - Is must be a random patrol . Hold on . This ship has no offensive capabilities . - She got us , give me all six fuel cells . - Aye , Captain . Dammit ! They are closing fast . bearing 2-8-5 . Right there ! There , we can loose them there . If you are suggesting we utilize passage between approaching structures , - the ship will not fit . - Will fit . - Captain , we will not fit . - Will fit , Will fit ! - I told we fit . - I 'm not sure that qualifies . - Any sign of them ? - No , which worries me . - We lost them . - Or they are jamming our scanners . Or we lost them . They are ordering us to land . Captain , they are going want to know why we are here . And they are going to torture us , question us , and they are going to kill us . So , we come out shooting . We are outnumbered , out-gunned . There is no way we survive if we attack first . You have me here because I speak Klingon . Then let me speak Klingon . This is not going to work . It is our only logical option . And if you interrupt her now you will not only wrath of the Klingons , but that of Lieutenant Uhura as well . I 'm here to help you . - Lieutenant . - Thanks , Captain . With full respect . A terrorist is hiding here in the ruins . He has killed many of our people . Why should I be interested into a human who kills humans ? Because you believe in honor . This man doesn 't have honor . You and your people are in danger . - Stand down ! - How many torpedoes ? Stand down ! The torpedoes ! The weapons you threaten with me in your message . How many are they ? 72 . I surrender . On the behalf of Christopher Pike , my friend , I accept your surrender . Captain ! Captain . Cuff him . - Bones , meet me at the brig . - I 'll be right there . Lieutenant , contact starfleet . Let them know that we have Harrison in custody . - And we will be on our way once the warp core is repaired . - Yes , sir . Why the hell did he surrender ? I don 't know . He just took out squadron of Klingons single handedly . I want to know how . Sounds like we have a Superman on-board . You tell me . Put your arm through that hole . I 'm going to take a blood sample . Why aren 't we moving , Captain ? An unexpected malfunction perhaps in your warp core , immediately stranding you on the edge of the Klingon space . - How the hell do you know that ? - Bones . I think you would find my insight valuable , Captain . Are we good ? Let me know what you can find . Ignore me , and you will get everyone on this ship killed . Captain , I believe he will only attempt to manipulate you . I would not recommending engaging prisoner further . Give me a minute . Let me explain what is happening here . You 're a criminal . I watched you murder innocent men and women , I was authorized to end you . And the only reason why you are still alive is because I am allowing it . So shut your mouth . Captain , are you 're going to punch me again over and over , till your arm weakens ? Clearly you want to ? So , tell me , - Why did you allow me to live ? - We all make mistakes . No . I surrender to you because , despite your attempt to convince me otherwise , you seems to have a conscience , Mr. Kirk . If you did not , it would be impossible me to convince you of the truth . 2 , 3 , 1 , 7 , 4 , 6 , 1 , 1 . Coordinates not far from Earth . If you want to know why I did , what I did go and take a look . Give me one reason why I should listen you . I can give you 72 . And they are on-board your ship , Captain . They have been all long . I suggest you open one up . You know what really bothers me , thou ? It 's the modifications , you know the enhancements . Right , and like that I 'm off the ship . Just trying to do what 's right . And what did you do anyway ? You just stood there like an oyster , looking at me . - What ? - Scotty , it 's Kirk . Oh , well now . If is it Captain James Tiberius perfect hair . Did you hear that , I called him perfect hair ? - Where are you ? - Where are you ? Are you drunk ? What I do in my private time is my business , Jimbo . I need your help me with something . Will you take these coordinates down 23 , 17 , 46 , 11 . - Are you writing ? - What , you think I do not remember 4 numbers ? You have little faith . - What was the third one ? - 46 . Don 't know exactly what you are looking for but ... I have feeling you know when you see it . May been right about those torpedoes . I will consider that an apology , and I will consider that apology . - You are the one who quit . - You make me quit ! Mr. Scott ! Scott ! Enough with that guy . I 'm not doing that man any favors . No ! All-right then . Are you out of corn-fed mind ? You 're actually not going to listen this guy ? He killed Pike , he almost killed you , And now think it 's a good idea to pop open a torpedo because he dare you to do it ? Why did he saved our life 's , Bones ? The doctor does have a point , Captain . Don 't agree with me , Spock , it 's make me very uncomfortable . Perhaps you two should learn governing yours emotions , doctor . - In this situation , logic dictates ... - Logic ! My God ! There is a maniac trying to make us blowing up our damn ship , and you all talking about ... I don 't know why he surrendered but that 's not it . So , if we are going to open a torpedo the question is how ? But Jim , without Mr. Scott on board who 's exactly qualified to just pop-up a four ton stick of dynamite ? Admiral 's daughter appear to be have interest in torpedoes and she is a weapon specialist . Perhaps she could be some use . - What admiral 's daughter ? - Carol Marcus . Your new science officer concealed her identity to board the ship . - And when were you going to tell me that ? - When it became relevant , as it just did . - Are the torpedoes in the weapons-bay ? - Loaded and ready fire . What are they ? I do not know . So I transferred to your ship to find out why . I do apologize for that . By the way , if I cause you any problems I 'm sorry . - I 'm Carol Marcus . - James Kirk . Torpedoes . My father gave me access to every programs , he had control . So when I heard he was developing these prototype torpedoes when I went to confronting him about it , he wouldn 't even to see me . That 's when I discovered that torpedoes had disappeared from all the official records . And then he gave them to me . You much clever than your reputation suggest , Captain Kirk . - I have reputation ? - Yes you do , I 'm friend of Christine Chapels . - Christine , yes . How is she ? - She transferred to frontier to be a nurse . - She 's much happier now . - That 's good . You have no idea who I 'm talking about , do you ? - What are we doing in here ? - Is this shuttle prepared to fly ? - Of course it is . - Would you please turn around . - Why ? Just turn around . It 's too dangerous to try open one of these a torpedoes on the Enterprise . But there is a nearby planetoid , I can open up one there . But I will need some help ... Turn around . Now ! Captain on the bridge . Mr. Sulu , Dr. Marcus and McCoy landed on the planetoid , yet ? Yes , sir . They are moving the torpedo into the position now . Good , any activity from the Klingons ? Not yet , but if we are stuck here much longer they will find us . Lieutenant Uhura , did you let starfleet know that we have Harrison in custody ? Yes , sir . No response . Engineering to bridge . Hello , Captain , can you hear me ? Mr. Chekov , give me some good news . We found the leak , sir , but damage is substantial . - We are working on it . - Any idea what caused it ? No , sir but I except full responsibility . Something tells me that it wasn 't your fault . - Stay on it . - Shuttle is standing by , Captain . Bones , thanks for helping out , Dr. Marcus asked for steadiest hands on the ship . You know , when I dreamed about being stuck on a deserted planet with a gorgeous woman , there was no torpedo . Dr. McCoy , may I remember you that you 're not there to flirt . - So , how can these legendary hands help you Dr. Marcus ? - Bones . To understand how powerful these weapons are we need to open the warhead . To do that , we need to access the fuel compartment . Unfortunately for us , warhead 's on these weapons are live . Sweetheart , I once performed an emergency c-section on a pregnant Gorn . Eight cubs , let me tell you those little bastards bite . I think I can work some magic on your missile . Dr. McCoy , there is a bundle of fiber optic-cables against the inner casing . You need to cut the 23th wire down . Whatever you do , do not touch anything else . - Do you understand ? - Right . That thought never crossed my mind . Dr. McCoy , wait for my word . I 'm re-routing detonation processor . - Are you ready ? - Born and ready . Good luck ! - Sir , torpedo just armed itself . - The warhead is going to detonate in 30 seconds . What the hell happened ? I can get my arm out . Aim their signal ! Beam them back right now ? Transporter can not difference between Dr. McCoy and torpedo . We can not beam back one without the other . - Dr. Marcus can you disarm it ? - I 'm trying . I 'm trying . - Jim get her hell out of here . - No , if you beam me back , he dies . Just let me do it . 10 , 9 , 8 ... Standing by to transport Dr. Marcus on your command , sir . 4 , 3 ... Shit ! De-activation successful , Captain . Dr. McCoy , you all-right ? Bones . Jim ? You gonna want to see this . Coordinates 23.17.46.11 Jupiter ... loading dock 12 . USS Vengeance bridge crew requesting entry to the construction hangar . You are clear enter the hangar . I need a welding-team on number one cell . Holy shi ... - What do we got ? - It 's quite clever actually . This fuel container has removed from torpedo and retro fitted to , hide this Cryo-tube . - Is he alive ? - He is alive . But if you try revive him without the proper sequence , could kill him . This technology is beyond me . - How advanced , Doctor ? - It 's not advanced . That Cryo-tube is ancient . We have not needed to freeze anyone , since we develop warp capability . Which explains the most interesting thing about of our friend here . He is 300 years old . Why there is a man in that torpedo ? There are men and women in all those torpedoes , Captain . I put them there . Who the hell are you ? " A remnant of the time long past . " Genetically engineered to be superior , as to lead others to peace in a world at war . But we were condemned as criminals , forced in to exile . For centuries we slept . Hoping when we woke , things would be different . And as result of the destruction of Vulcan , your starfleet began to aggressively search system quadrants of space . My ship was found in-drift , I alone was revived . I looked up John Harrison . Until a year ago he did not exist . John Harrison was fiction created the moment I was awoken by your admiral Marcus , as to help him in advance his cause . A smoke screen to conceal my true identity . My name is Khan . Why would a starfleet admiral ask a 300 year old frozen man for help ? Because , I 'm better . - At what ? - Everything . Alexander Marcus needed to respond to uncivilized threats in civilized times . For that he needed a warriors mind . My mind , to design weapons and warships . You are suggesting the admiral violated every regulation he vow to uphold , simply because he wanted to exploit your intellect . To exploit my savagery . Intellect alone is useless in a fight , Mr. Spock . You , you can not even break a rule how would you be excepted to break bone ? Marcus used me to design weapons . To help him realize his vision of militarized starfleet . He sent you to use those weapons to fire my torpedoes on an unsuspecting planet . And then he purposely crippled your ship in enemy space , leading in one inevitable outcome . The Klingons would come searching for whom ever was responsible , and you have had not chance of escape . Marcus ... would finally have the war he talked about the war , he always wanted . No . No . I watched you open fire in a room full of unarmed starfleet officers . You killed in cold blood ! Marcus took my crew from me . - You 're a murderer ! - He used my friends to control me . I tried to smuggling them to safety by concealing them in the very weapons I had designed . But I was discovered , I had no choice , but to escape alone . And when I did , I had every reason to suspect , that Marcus had killed every single one of the people I hold most dear . So , I respond it in unkind . My crew ... is my family , Kirk . Is there anything you would not do for your family ? Proximity alert , sir . There is a ship at warp heading right for us . - Klingons ? - At warp ? No , Kirk . We both know who it is . I don 't think so , it 's not coming at us from Kronos . - Lieutenant , move Khan to med bay , post six security officers on him . - Yes , Captain . Captain on the bridge . - ETA on incoming ship ? - Three seconds , sir . - Shields . - Aye , Captain . They are hailing us , sir . On screen . Broadcast ship wide for the record . Captain Kirk . Admiral Marcus , I wasn 't excepting you . Hell of a ship you got there . I wasn 't expecting to get word of that you taking Harrison to custody , in violation of your orders . Well , we have to improvise when , our warp core unexpected malfunction . - But you already know that , sir . - I don 't take your meaning . Oh , that 's why you are here isn 't ? To assist with our repairs . Why else would the head of starfleet personally come to , the edge of the neutral zone ? - Captain , they are scanning our ship . - Is there something I could find , sir ? Where is your prisoner Kirk ? Per starfleet regulation , I 'm planning on returning Khan to Earth to stand trial . Well , shit . You talked to him . Exactly what I wanted to spare you from . I took a tactical risk and I woke that bastard up . Believing that his superior intelligence could help us protect ourselves , from whatever came after us next . But , I made a mistake . And now the blood of everybody 's kill is on my hands . So , I 'm asking you , Give him to me , so , I can end what I started . And what exactly would you like me to do with the rest of his crew , sir ? Fire at them to the Klingons and end 72 lives ? To start a war in process ? He put those people in those torpedoes . I didn 't simply wanted burden you with knowing what 's inside of them . You saw what this man can do all by himself . Can you imagine what would happen if we woke up rest of his crew ? What else did he tell you , that he is a peace keeper ? He is playing you , son . Don 't you see that ? Khan and his crew were condemned to death as a war criminals . And now it is our duty to carry out that sentence before anybody else dies because of him . I 'm going to ask you again . One last time , son . Lower your shields . Tell me where he is . He is in Engineering , sir . But I have him moved to the transporter room right away . I 'll take it from here . - Do not drop those shields , Mr. Sulu . - Aye , Captain . Captain given your wearness Khan 's true locations in med bay , may I know the details of your plan ? I told Marcus we will bring a fugitive back to Earth , that is what we going to do . Mr. Chekov , can we warp ? Sir , if we go to warp , we runs a risk of seriously damaging the core . Can we do it ? Technically yes , but I would not advise it , Captain . Noted . - Mr. Sulu , set a course for Earth . - Yes , sir . Pparte ' . Well , at least we are moving again . If you think , you are safe at warp , you are wrong . Lieutenant Uhura , contact starfleet . Tell them we are pursued into the neutral - zone by unmarked Federation ship . Comms are down , sir . - Permission to coming on the bridge . - Dr. Marcus . He is going to catch us and when he does the only thing that 's going to stop his ship is me . - So you must let me talk to him . - Carol , we are warp . - He can 't catch up with us . - Yes , he can . The ship has advanced warp capabilities . Captain , I 'm getting a reading I don 't understand . - Where are we ? - 237,000 Km from Earth . - Damage report . - Weapons are not working . We have a bulk head-breach . - Where is the damages ? - Major hull damage , Captain . Evasive maneuvers , get us to the Earth , right now ! Stop ! Everybody on this ship is going to die , if you don 't let me speak to him . Uhura , hail them . Sir , it 's me , it 's Carol . What are you doing on that ship ? I heard what you said . That you made a mistake and now you are doing every thing you can to fix-it . But , Dad ... I don 't believe that , the man who raised me is capable , of destroying a ship full of innocent of people . And ... If I 'm wrong about that , then you going to have to do it with me on board . Actually Carol , I won 't . - Jim . - Can we intercept the transport signal ? No , sir . Carol ! Captain Kirk without authorization , in league with the fugitive John Harrison , you went rogue in enemy territory . Leaving me choice , but hunt you down and destroy you . - Lock phasers . - Wait , wait , wait ! I make this quick , target all out door torpedoes on the Enterprise bridge . Sir , my crew was just , just following my orders . I take , I take full responsibility for my actions , but they were mine , and they were mine alone . If I transmit Khan 's location to you now , all that I ask is that you spare them . Please , sir . I 'll do anything you want . Just let them live . That 's a hell of an apology , but if it is any conciliation ... I was never going to spare your crew . Fire at will . I 'm sorry . - Weapons aren 't firing . - There is a problem down here . Energy going down ! Someone in engineering just manually reset our systems . What do you mean , someone ! Who ? Their weapons are powered down , sir . Enterprise , can you hear me ? Scotty ! - Guess what I found behind Jupiter ? - You are on that ship ! I sneak on it , seems that I just committed an act of treason against a starfleet admiral and I really like to get off this bloody ship . Now beam me out ! You 're miracle worker , we are little low on power right now . Just standby , standby ! What do you mean low on power ? What happened to the Enterprise ? I call you back . Scotty ! Spock , our ship , how is she ? Our options are limited , Captain . We cannot fire and we can not flee . There is one option . Uhura , when you get Scotty back , patch him through . - Yes , sir . - Mr. Spock , you have the com . Captain , I strongly object . To what ? I haven 't said anything yet . Since we cannot take the ship from the outside , the only way we can take it is within . And as large boarding party would be detected , it is optimum for you take few members of crew as possible . You will meet resistance , requiring personal , with advanced combat ability 's and big knowledge of that ship . This indicates that you planned to align with Khan , the very man we were sent here to destroy . I 'm not aligning with him , I 'm using him . The enemy of my enemy is my friend my . An arabic proverb attributed to an prince who was betrayed and decapitated by his own subjects . Still , it 's a hell of quote . - I will go with you , Captain . - No , I need you on the bridge . I can 't allow you to do this . It 's my function on this ship to advise you making wisest decisions possible , something I firmly believe you are incapable doing in this moment . You are right ! What I am about to do doesn 't make any sense . It 's not logical , it is a gut feeling . I have no idea what I suppose to do . I only know what I can do . The Enterprise and her crew needs someone in that chair who knows what he is doing . And it 's not me . It 's you , Spock . Tell me everything you know about that ship . Dreadnought class two times the size three times the speed , advanced weaponry , modified for minimal crew . Unlike most Federation vessels , it is built solely for combat . I will do everything I can to make you answer for what you did . - But right now I need your help . - In exchange for what ? You said you would do anything for your crew . - I can guarantee their safety . - Captain . You cant even guarantee safety of your own crew . Bones , what are you doing with that tribble ? Tribble 's dead , I 'm injecting Khan 's platelets into the deceased tissues of necrotic host . Khan 's cells regenerate like nothing I ever seen . I want to know why . You coming with me or not ? You want to do what ? We are coming over there , Sulu is maneuvering the Enterprise in position as we speak . To this ship ? How ? There is a cargo door , hanger 7 , access port 101A . You need to find a manual override to open that airlock . Are you crazy ? Whoever you are . Just listen to him , Scotty . It 's going to be all right . It is not going to be all right . You want me to open an airlock into space where upon I will freeze , die , and explode ? Lieutenant , from our current position is it possible to establish contact with the new Vulcan . - I 'll do my best . - Thank you . Mr. Sulu , what is the status of the other ship ? Their systems are still off-line . I 'm aligning our ship now . - Scotty , how are we doing over there ? - Captain , I wish I had better news . They blocked our access to the ship 's computer . They will have full weapons in three minutes . So next time I will not be able to stop them destroying the Enterprise . Standby . Commander , our trash chute is aimed at access port 101A on the other ship . - Captain the ships is aligned . - Copy that . - Scotty ! - I 'm in the hangar , give me a minute . I 'm running , standby . Whoa , whoa ! I do not know , Captain . This door is very vee , I mean small . It 's 4 square meters tops . It 's going to be like , jumping out of a moving car , off a bridge into a shot-glass . It 's okay . I 've done it before . Yeah , I was vertical we jump down to a ... - It doesn 't matter . Scotty ! - Did you find manual override ? - The manual override , Scotty ? Not yet . Not yet . Captain , before you launch , you should be aware , that there is a considerable debris field between our ships . Spock , not now . Scotty , are you good ? It 's not easy just , give me two seconds all-right ? You mad bastard ! Tell me this going to work . I have neither the information nor confidence to do so , Doctor . Okay Captain . Standby . You are real comfort . Come on , come on ! Yes ! Okay , okay I 've set to open the door . - You ready ? - Are you ? Spock , pull the trigger . Yes , Captain . Launching activation sequence on 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... Sir , Kirk is heading for a collision at 0.32 . - Captain , there is debris directly ahead . - Copy that . Wow , Jim you way off course . I know , I know . I can see that . Don 't move . Use the display compass , Captain . You must correct precisely 37.243 degrees . Got it ! I 'm working my way back . Scotty , are you going to be ready with that door , right ? What are you doing here ? Little bit of maintenance on the airlock console . You 're big . Mr. Scott , where are you ? Captain , he can 't seem to hear you . I 'm working on getting his signal back . Stand by ! - Damn it ! - Captain , what is it ? My helmet was hit . Uhura , tell me that you have Mr. Scott back . Not yet . I 'm still working on the signal . His communicator is working , I don 't know why he is not responding . - What is that ? - Are you starfleet or private security ? - Show me your other hand . - Because you look like private security . Impending collision detected . Khan use evasive action there are debris directly ahead . I see it . Mr. Sulu did we loose Khan ? I don 't know , Commander , I 'm having trouble tracking him in all this debris . - Was Khan hit ? - We are trying to find him now . Captain , you need to adjust your target destination 183 by 473 degrees . Spock , my display is dead , I 'm flying blind . Captain , without your display compass , hitting your target destination is mathematical impossible . Spock , if I get back , we really need to talk about your bedside manner . Commander , he is not going to make it . My display is still function . I see you Kirk . You 're 200 meters ahead of me in mine one o 'clock . Cut to your left few degrees and follow me . Scotty , we 're getting close , need welcome . Do you copy ? Do you copy , Scotty ? If you can hear us , Mr. Scott , open door in 10 ... - Scotty ! - 9 . - The person counting down , what is that ? - I think you hear things , mate .. 7 . - Mr. Scott , where are you ? - 6 . - 1800 meters , 1600 meters . - 5 . - Scotty , where are you ? - 3 . - You copy ? Please ! - 2 . - Sorry about this . - For what ? - Mr. Scott open the door ! - Open the door ! - Mr. Scott , now ! Welcome aboard . It 's good to see you , Scotty . Who is that ? Khan , Scotty , Scotty , Khan . Hello . They know we are here . I know the best way to bridge . It 's locked to stun . - Theirs won 't be . - Try not get shot . Commander , I have that transmission as requested . - On screen , please . - Stand by . Mr. Spock . Mr. Spock . Admiral . I 'll deal with you in moment ... I 'm ashamed to be your daughter . Sir , we did have a hangar door open on deck 13 . Khan . They are going to have full power , and we are walking ? The turbo-lift is easily tracked , and Marcus would have us in a cage . This path right takes us to the engine room . And won 't be able to use their weapons here without destabilizing the warp core . - Which gives us the advantage . - Where did you find this guy ? - It 's a long story . I 'll be brief . In your travels , did you ever encounter a man named Khan ? As you know , I have made a vow to never give you information , that could potentially alter you destiny . Your path is yours to walk , and yours alone . That being said , Khan Noonien Singh is the most dangerous adversary , the Enterprise ever faced . He is brilliant , ruthless , and will not hesitate to kill every single one of you . Did you defeat him ? At great cost , yes . How ? I don 't need to temp faith here but where is everybody ? The ship was designed to flown with minimal crew , one if necessary . One ? - You all right ? - Yeah . Where is Khan ? Lieutenant , I need you to assembly all senior , medical and engineering staff at the weapons-bay . All right . Dr. McCoy , you inadvertently activated a torpedo , could you replicate the process ? Oh , why the hell would I want to do that ? I 'm not a torpedo technician . The fact that you 're doctor is precisely why I need you to listen very carefully . Where is he ? Shit ! This way . The minute we get to the bridge , drop him . What , stunning Khan ? I think he is helping us . I 'm pretty sure we are helping him . - Are we coming on-line , sir . - Re-target Enterprise , now . - Aye , sir . Make sure he stays down . Excuse me . Admiral Marcus , you are under arrest . You are not actually going to this , are you ? Admiral get out of the chair . You better stop and think about what are you doing , Kirk . You better think about what you did on Kronos . You made an incursion on an enemy planet . You killed a Klingon patrol . Even if you got out without trace , war is coming ! And who 's going to lead us ? You ? If I 'm not in charge our entire way of life is decimated . So , you want me off this ship , you better kill me . I 'm not going to kill you , sir . But I could stun your ass and drag you out of the chair . But , I 'd rather not do that in front of your daughter . - You all-right ? - Yes , Captain . Jim ! Listen ! Wait ! You should have let me sleep . Where 's the Captain , Mr. Sulu ? Our sensor arrays are down , sir . I can 't find him . I 'm going to make this very simple for you . - Captain ! - Your crew for my crew . - You betrayed us . - You are smart , Mr. Spock . Spock , don 't ... Mr. Spock , give me my crew . And what will you do when you get them ? Continue the work we were doing before we were banished . Which as I understand it involves the mass genocide of any being you find to be less than superior . Shall I destroy you , Mr. Spock ? Or will you give me what I want ? We have no transporter capabilities . Fortunately , mine perfectly functional . Drop your shields . If I do so , I have no guarantee that you will not destroy the Enterprise . Well , let 's play this out logically then , Mr. Spock . Firstly , I will kill your Captain to demonstrate my resolve , and then if yours holds , I 'll will have no choice , but to kill you and your entire crew . If you destroy our ship , you will also destroy your own people . Your crew requires oxygen to survive . Mine does not . I will target your life support systems located behind the arcne cell . And after every single person on-board your ship suffocates , I will walk over your cold corpses to recover my people . Now ... shall we begin ? Lower shields . A wise choice , Mr. Spock . I see , all the 72 torpedoes are still in their tubes . If they are not mine , Commander I will know it . Vulcan 's do not lie . The torpedoes are yours . Thank you , Mr. Spock . I have fulfilled your terms . Now , full-fill mine . Well , Kirk . It seems right to return to your crew . After all ... no , ship should go down without her Captain . He has locking phasers on us , sir . Get us out here , now ! Shields at 6 % . - The torpedoes , how much time , Lieutenant ? - 12 seconds , sir . The crew of the Enterprise , prepare for immediate proximity detonation . What are he talking about ? What detonation ? He just armed the damn torpedoes . No ! Sir , the weapons have been knocked out . - Not bad , Commander . - Thank you , Lieutenant . - Bones ! - Bones , nurse ! - Good to see you , Jim . - You helped Spock detonate those torpedoes ? - Damn right I did . - He killed Khan 's crew . Spock is cold , but he not that cold ... I 've got Khan 's crew . 72 human popsicles . Safe and sound in their Cryo-tubes . Son of a bitch ! Sir , the central power grid is failing . - Switch to auxiliary power . - Auxiliary power failing , sir . Commander , our ship is caught in Earth 's gravity . - Can we stop ? - I can 't do anything . Clear the area ! Engage emergency lock-down ! - I hope you don 't get seasick . - Do you ? - Yeah . - Lieutenant , sound evacuation to all decks . - Aye , sir . As active Captain I order you to abandon this ship . I will remain behind and devote all power to life support and evacuation shuttle bays . Evacuation to all crew ! I order you to abandon this ship ! All due respect , Commander , but we are not going anywhere . One day I 've been off this ship . One bloody day ! Gravity systems are failing . Hold on ! Hold on ! There will be no time for evacuation if don 't get power to stabilize the damn ship . - Can we restore it ? - Only from engineering . We have to get back to the warp core . Jim . Scotty , we must get the power back on . Come on ! - We got to jump ! - What ? - Jump ! Jump ! Oh , God ! Emergency power at 15 % and dropping . - Jim . - Hold on ! I can 't . I got you , Captain . - Chekov . - Don 't let go . Even if we get the warp core on-line we still need to re-direct the power . - He 's right , Captain . - What are you talking about ? Someone have to hit the manual override . - Lad there is a switch . - Behind the deflect dish . - I bridge the switch . - Let 's go . Oh , no ! Mr. Sulu , divert every remaining power to the stabilizers . I do what I can , sir . I do what I can . Core misaligned . - Danger . - Oh , no ! No , no , no ! - Core misaligned . - Housings are miss-aligned . There 's no way we can re-direct the power . The ship is dead , sir . She 's gone . Danger . - No , she 's not . - Wait , Jim . If we go in there , will ... Will you listen to me ? What the hell are you doing ? - I 'm opening the door . I 'm going in . - That door is stop us to get irradiated . We will be dead before we made the climb . You are not making the climb . If we don 't get power and shields back on-line we going to be incinerate at re-entry . - Warp core is back on-line . - Maximum thrusters , Mr. Sulu . Standby , standby . - Shields restored . - Commander , power on-line . Mr. Spock , altitude stabilizing . It 's a miracle . There are no such things . Engineering to bridge , Mr. Spock . - Mr. Scott . - Sir , you better get down here . You better hurry . - Open it ! - The decontamination process is not complete . You will flood the whole compartment . The door is locked , sir . How 's the ship ? How 's the ship ? Out of danger . You saved the crew . You used what he wanted against him . That 's a nice move . It is what you would have done . And this , this is what you would have done . It was only logical . I 'm scared , Spock . Help me to not to . How do you choose not to feel . I do not know . Right now I 'm failing . I want you to know why I couldn 't let you die ... Why I went back for you . Because you 're my friend . Khan ! That was close . Set destination starfleet headquarters ! Engines compromised . Cannot guarantee destination . Confirm order . Confirmed . Search the enemy ship for signs of life . Sir , there is no way anyone survives . - He could . - Yes , sir . Wow , he just jumped 30 meters . - Can we beam him up ? - There is too much damage . I have no incoming signal . But it maybe possible to beam you down , sir . Go get him . - Standby for coordinates . - Yes , sir . - Enter 3517 by 2598 . - Coordinates confirmed . Get me a Cryo-tube , now ! Get this men out of Cryo ! Keep him in an induced coma ! We are going to put Kirk inside . - It 's our only chance to preserve his brain function . - How much Khan 's blood is left ? None . Enterprise to Spock . Spock ! Activate the cryogenic sequence . McCoy to bridge . I can 't reach Spock . I need Khan alive , you get that son of the bitch on-board , right now ! I think he can save Kirk . - Can we beam them up to the ship ? - As they keep moving , I cant get lock on either of them . Can you beam someone down ? Spock ! Stop ! Stop ! He is our only chance to safe Kirk . What is it ? Who are you ? - This coming to ... - Your father was Captain , only for 16 minutes and he saved his crew ... lives . * * * Don 't be so melodramatic , you were barely dead . It was the transfusion that really took it 's toll . - You were out cold for two weeks . - Transfusion ? Your cells were heavily irradiated . We had no choice . Khan ? Once we caught him , I synthesized serum from his super blood . Tell me , are you feeling homicidal power-man , despotic ? No more than usual . - How did you get him ? - I didn 't . You saved my life . Uhura and I has something to do with it too , you know ? - You saved my life , Captain and life of many on the ship ... - Spock , just ... Thank you . You are welcome , Jim . There will always be those who mean to do us harm . To stop them , we risk wakening the same evil within ourselves . Our first instinct is to seek revenge , when those we love are taken from us . But that 's not who we are . We are here today to rechrist an USS Enterprise . And to honor those who lost their life , nearly one year ago . When Christopher Pike first gave me his ship he had me recite the Captains oath . Words I didn 't appreciate at that time . Now I see them as a call for us to remember ... who we once were ... And who we must be again . And those words ... Space , the final frontier . These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise . Her five year mission , to explore strange new worlds ... to seek out new life and new civilizations ... To boldly go where no one has gone before . Captain on the bridge . It 's hard to get out of it once you got a taste . Isn 't that right , Mr. Sulu ? Captain does have nice ring to it . Chair is all yours , sir . Mr. Scott , how 's our core ? Purring like a kitten , Captain . She 's ready for a long journey . Excellent . Come on , Bones , it 's going to be fun . Five years in space , God help me ! Doctor Marcus . - I 'm glad you could be part of the family . - It 's nice to have a family . - Spock . - Captain . Where should we go ? As a mission of this duration has never been attempted ... I prefer to your good judgement , Captain . Mr. Sulu , take us out . Aye , Captain . - Subs by the 24hpie - Corrected and synced by : Szaki
