 Previously on Fringe ... Our daughter dedicated her life to freeing us . And now we 're going to dedicate ours to making sure that that means something . I want that too . I wasn 't going to stay for that much longer . I just needed to see her . It 's fine that you come here . Just tell me . I want to understand what you 're going through . You 're right . Their abilities are aided by tech . Well , hello , there . You are nothing . I would be ten times what you are if I had that tech in my head . I know what you have done . You do not realize what is happening to you . Excuse me . There 's Mueller . Call to him . Ride with us . There is something that I wanted to show you . You have a meeting . You can 't be late . This will not take long . Come on ! Get out of the way ! Move ! - It 's your world ! - Hey , sir , a little help ? Come on ! Excuse me . Peter , what 's up ? Anil , I 'm gonna need your help with something . _ . • ´ ¯ ¯ LIAISON ¯ ¯ ` • . _ ¯ ` • . _ _ Team _ _ . • ´ ¯ Retrouvez-nous chaque semaine ... pour découvrir les énigmes de Season 5 Episode 7 - Five-Twenty-Ten - Bon épisode ... What took so long ? You were gone for over two hours . He wasn 't as interested in bartering as I anticipated . It took some convincing . Gasoline for neon helium seems like a fair trade to me . You only got four ? It will have to do . - You 're back . - Great , Peter . More laser fuel . I 'll hook this up after breakfast . Get started . The world 's not going to save itself . Chop-chop . You left without me . I wanted to go with you . It was so early . You were sleeping . I didn 't want to wake you . That 's one way to put it . The other is that you didn 't sleep again . That 's true . I couldn 't sleep . But I 'm fine . You need to sleep , Peter . - On the move . - Rolling . We 're okay . This is tape five of my plan to defeat the Observers . This is what you must achieve next . These cylinders were designed by the invaders . They are beacons that allow them to locate different points in spacetime . You will need two of them . This is where you will find them . I know that building . That was one of our labs at Kelvin Genetics . Belly and I designed it . From the east entrance , follow the hallway , Two yellow doors . They lead to a staircase . At the bottom of that staircase , you will find the private storage of William Bell . At the time of recording this , Bell was keeping two Observer cylinders in that storage facility . You must retrieve them . The doors are made of reinforced steel . They can be unlocked with Bell 's handprint . Walter , that 's why you took Bell 's hand when we were freed from the amber . You said that it was for a storage facility . It was for this . If you cannot find Bell or if you learn that he is dead , you will have to unlock the storage ... So that 's why he was with us in the amber . I needed him to get the cylinders . Your freedom depends on it . Walter , that 's not the only reason . Before the invasion , you had been talking with Bell . He said that he wanted to help you defeat the Observers , that he realized how important this was . And then he betrayed us to gain favor with them . I do remember something about this . He came , and I trusted him . There was another man . He had an accent . I was being tortured . He kept asking me something . He kept asking : " Is it safe ? " Then I escaped , and Bell helped me . And then he drove me right back where I was being questioned . He worked for them . He worked for them ! Walter , that 's from the movie Marathon Man . You called me in Boston . You were ready to implement the plan , but that you needed my help to do so . Then you sent me to Grand Central Station to collect the thought unifier . And by the time I got to you and Astrid , you were with William Bell , but then the Observers found us , and we realized that the only way they could 've known is if he told them . That 's when you ambered us . So if Bell led the Observers to you , how can we be sure that the cylinders were even there to begin with ? Or if he even had them ? Let 's open his storage and find out . Fire up the laser , Agnes . Let 's get that hand out of amber . Oh , my . Is this it , Walter ? I used to drop acid right over there and watch the ships come in from the bay . This was the east entrance . The yellow doors to the underground storage are here somewhere . The doors are there . From an engineering standpoint , they 'd have to be . Peter , your ear . When we closed the Observer 's shipping lane , Peter fired anti-matter into it with an RPG . Do you think maybe the blast damaged his ear ? How 's your hearing , son ? My hearing 's fine . I 'm fine . Really . I want to examine you as soon as we get back to the lab . - What are you thinking , Astrid ? - We have some anti-matter batons left . Maybe we could use them to clear a path to the door . Anti-matter would consume not only the debris , but the storage facility underneath as well . What about Anil ? I mean , he has manpower . Maybe the Resistance would help us . The heavy machinery we 'd have to use would draw too much attention . We go through it . It 's Anil . What do you mean , we go through it ? - How did it go ? - I couldn 't give him the briefcase . - What happened ? - I followed the baldie into the park . - I did everything just like you said . - You should 've seen him sit at a bench . You should 've seen him stand up and forget his briefcase . You would 've then approached him and given him the one I gave you . He never forgot his briefcase , Peter . He was sitting on the bench . I saw him get up . But he took his briefcase with him . That 's impossible . Wait there . I 'm coming to you . Peter , we need to see Nina Sharp . Walter thinks that if we can change the molecular structure of the concrete , then maybe we can clear it . Nina works for the Ministry of Science . She 's got access to advanced technology . You go talk to Nina . I have to meet up with Anil . Why ? He didn 't want to say , just that it was important . You 've got that look on your face . What look ? The look that says : " I 'm worried . " Should I be ? Absolutely not . You go talk to Nina . I 'll liberate myself a ride . Ms. Sharp ? Push my afternoon meetings . I 'll be out of the office for a bit . I never thought I would see you again . So how are you holding up ? It 's been hard . But we 're continuing on with Walter 's plan ... for Etta . I 'm so sorry for your loss . Etta was very special to me . And when Phillip told me ... I wanted to reach out to you so much , but I was afraid that I would jeopardize your safety . I know . But now we have no choice . We need your help , Nina . Of course . Anything . Despite the damage to the building , we still think the storage is intact . We just can 't get to it . I was hoping you would have access to technology that could ... change the atomic structure of the rubble , and help us clear it . The Observers created a device that dramatically alters atmospheric pressure speeding up molecules in all the matter in a controlled area . A process called sublimation . You mean converting solid matter directly into gas ? So all the rubble would just evaporate ? Essentially , yes . They used the technology to clear large areas of land for construction , like Central Park , when they were prepping it to build their air-degradation machine . I 'll meet you in the south side of the building in ten minutes . Are you angry with me , Walter ? Why should I be ? Because I told Etta and Simon how to reimplant the portion of your brain you had removed . - You did what was necessary . - Yes , I did . We needed your intellect restored . There was a lot at stake . There still is . Have you noticed any changes in your personality since the implant ? Some . The tissues are integrating faster than I thought . The man I was before ... do you see him in me now ? But you would know better than I. Are you worried ? The man I was before , he was consumed by ambition , by hubris . He never cared about anyone . All he cared about was walking with the gods . It 's different this time . I 'm different . I have Peter . He won 't let me become that man again . Hastings , give Dr. Bishop anything he wants . That Dr. Bishop . It would be an honor . You 're forgetting some variable . Tell me exactly what you saw , every single detail . The baldie was sitting on the bench , writing in his notebook . - Did he interact with anyone ? - No , not that I saw . Did you see a little girl ? She would have been playing with a yellow ball in front of his bench . - How do you know that ? - Royce was supposed to be distracted by the kid playing . He was going to forget his briefcase . No , Royce wasn 't paying attention to any kid . He was talking on his comm . - He was on his comm ? - I was too far away to hear anything . He stood up , grabbed his briefcase , and walked away . That 's it . - That 's what ? - The variable . The one thing that I failed to see , Royce on his comm . - What are you talking about ? - He 's going to the restaurant next . Give me the briefcase . I 'll switch it there . I know that you have questions , but I have to ask you to trust me . - What 's this ? - An address . Go there , and wait outside . - This is a baldie precinct . - At exactly 6 : 17 , Royce and another Observer named Mueller will walk into that building . Call me when they do . I 'll comm you when they show . Thank you . - I 'd like to check this . - Sure . I haven 't seen you in here before . It 's not really my crowd . You better be careful . You don 't want to get read . You should get that . Old trick . How are you and Peter doing ? Peter doesn 't sleep . He leaves the lab at all these odd hours . And when he gets back , and I ask him where he 's been , he 's always got an explanation , that makes sense . But ... I just think there 's something he 's not telling me . I can feel it . He 's been through a lot . You both have . I 'm not defending Peter . I saw how isolated he made himself after Etta went missing in the invasion . I would say that , compared to that , he has come a long way . I keep telling myself that this time we 're stronger . But I 'm ... I 'm worried that ... I 'm losing him again . Hello . Cavatina . I 'm at work , Ronny . Can we talk about this later ? Because unlike you , I have a job . This baby has an event radius of up to 1,000 meters . These rods , they mark the boundaries of whatever area you want to sublimate . - What 's this ? - Don 't touch that ! I haven 't even showed you the power-up sequence yet . You see this light here ? It turns yellow , you 're good . But blue , that means the fission core is overheating . That 's a common design flaw in these gen one models . Blue ... means run . I 'm worried about you , Walter . What you said earlier ... that Peter would keep you from becoming the man you used to be . I 'm not sure that 's enough . I knew the man you were ... you and William . You both tested the limits of science , of the universe . You felt that boundless power that comes with omnipotence . You felt what it was like to be God . You don 't need to remind me , Nina . I was there . Then you should know how hard I tried to hold on to William . How much I loved him . But that wasn 't enough . I wasn 't enough . Because nothing can compare to that feeling , to that kind of power . So he let me go . The reason you couldn 't hold onto him is because he never loved you . He never loved anyone except himself . I 've been fooled by him too many times to think anything else . I know better , and so should you . You asked me before if I saw him in you . I just did . The Walter I know would never say anything so cruel . But the Walter who lay on an operating table in William 's laboratory , begging to have pieces of his brain removed , for fear of what he would become , he would . I 've come a long way . I love my son , he loves me . That will save me . For your sake , I hope that 's true . We 're ready . There 's one other thing that you should know . The Observers analyze any change in the atmosphere , so once you utilize the technology , they will respond within minutes . Then we 'll have to be quick . Thank you , Nina . Good luck . Is that ready , dear ? Well , come on down and set this one for me . You managed to switch the briefcase . What happened ? It was a success . This place is crawling with baldies . Go home , Anil . I 'll contact you . So what did Anil want ? I waited for him for over an hour , he didn 't show . That was him calling to let me know that he got stopped at a checkpoint . Did he tell you why he wanted to meet ? We 're ready . So what do we have ? Matter sublimation device . It converts solid mass into gas . Perfect . Stand by . It 's charged , Walter . Go ahead . Belly , you monster ! What is it , Walter ? My Bowie ... he stole it . It 's not enough he institutionalized me , betrayed our friendship , but he pilfered my record collection as well ! We don 't have time , Walter . Keep looking . Guys ... I know this safe . I remember when Belly had it built . An extra measure of security to guard the things he valued most . - The cylinders must be in here . - Do you know the combination ? Of course . Belly used the same combination for everything . He had a terrible memory . Too much LSD , I suppose . Yeah , just ... just give me a minute . It 's very simple , I just ... I think I have it . Come on , Walter . Nina said the Observers would detect the atmospheric change . We 've been down here too long already . I 'm sorry . It was so long ago . Walter , if you don 't think that you can do it , we should leave , now . Clear your head . Try to relax . Think about the cylinders . You have all the time in the world . The Observers could be up there right now . Take a deep breath , Walter . Focus . Five ... Twenty ... Ten . I should have known better than to trust that scoundrel . It was all a lie to lure me to the Observers . He never cared about saving the world . What is that ? I don 't know , but whatever it is , it must have been valuable enough for him to want to keep it in the safe . What did you just do ? I have no idea . Peter , careful . We don 't know what 's waiting for us . - Where are you going ? - I 'll take my car . It 's logical that we split up . Before we go back to Boston , I 'd like to make a stop first . Did everything go okay ? The device you gave us worked . We have the cylinders . Good . Why did you want to see me ? I asked Olivia to bring me back because I wanted to give you this . It was in William 's safe . I was wrong . He did love you . And it wasn 't enough . I 'm scared , Nina . Every day that goes by , I feel him more and more . I 'm losing myself . I 'm becoming the man I was . And just like before , everyone that I care about will be driven away and will suffer because of me . I need you to take them out . - What ? - It 's perfectly safe . My intellect may be diminished slightly , but it 's the only way to hold on to the man I 've become . Please , Nina ... You must remove these pieces of my brain . They 're timelines . Timelines for what ? For them . Windmark 's top lieutenants . For security reasons , they 're rarely in the same place at the same time . Every movement , every interaction , every second of their day is accounted for . Using this information , I can manipulate events . The tech that gave them their advantage over us ... I have it now . That thing in their heads ... you implanted one in yourself ? I 've been following them . They don 't know where I am , but I know where they are . Today , yesterday , and the day before that . It gives me enough information to determine their probable futures . Mueller was going to get in a town car and be late to the meeting . Royce would have left . I needed them there at the same time . I made that happen . What have you done ? I used a toxin from Walter 's cold storage , the flesh-eating toxin that killed everyone aboard flight 627 . Our first Fringe experience ... was their last . That 's why you knew that they wouldn 't be coming for us at the storage site . You knew that they would still be responding to your attack . You can 't do this . This is ... dangerous . We 're going to avenge Etta . Windmark is next . Walter , is there anything I can get you before I go to sleep ? No , thank you , dear . We did good today .
