 HELENA : Previously on Warehouse 13 ... I spent some time in a ... ( STAMMERS ) Research facility . And I just told you I was in an institution . WOMAN : This is Abigail Cho . Ms. Cho is the new owner of the bed and breakfast . What exactly did you do before you bought the BB ? Well , a lot of things . Why do you ask ? Anything in the field of psychotherapy ? Yes . I killed someone I love . Let 's talk . Briggs ! Where is Briggs ! I shot him ! Detective Briggs ? I did it ! I want to confess . It 's okay , I 've got this ! Come here . What is this , Purcell ? A joke ? Huh ? Your lawyer made us cut you and your partner loose . I don 't care . I shot that guy . I killed him . If you say so . Maybe your friend Shultz will have a change of heart next . So my client just ran into the station waived counsel , and confessed ? Yeah , that 's kind of hard to believe . You 've got a dozen witnesses . ( LAUGHS ) Yeah , all cops , and you 're the DA . Look , they don 't do everything that I tell them . Why would he confess ? Your own lab said that there was no evidence . Actually , that 's not quite correct . My report said there was insufficient evidence to satisfy a judge . Thank you for saying that in front of the defense , Ms ... Emily Lake . And to be clear , I did also say that he 's guilty . Open wide . I know it 's difficult being the accused . You always friendly to confessed killers ? No reason not to be civil . We 're all here to find the truth . I thought we were here to put bad guys away , but whatever . Yes , let 's just go with " whatever , " shall we ? Hands , please . Thank you . Even you have to admit , Detective , his behavior is rather a ... Curiosity . ( RUMBLING ) What the hell ? Can 't I read a book for five minutes ? Really ? So she 's not here to run the BB ? Especially the all important second " B. " Abigail 's a therapist , Pete . She 's not a short-order cook , okay ? She 's here to help Artie . Make your own breakfast . You 're an adult , sort of . Gross . Well , this is awesome . Now we have somebody who 's going to be analyzing everything we do , judging our every move . I thought that was Artie 's job . Hey , Steve , you know how to make scones , right ? I don 't even like scones . I miss old stereotypes . Mmm . Ooh ! Another stereotype shattered . That 's it ? Cereal ? Okay , who 's in charge of breakfast ? Because Wheat-O 's is just not going to cut it . ( FARNSWORTH RINGING ) Yo . Uh , did you guys feel an earthquake ? No . Has anything unusual happened in the Warehouse at all lately ? No , nothing . ( YELPING ) The hell was that ? Can you tell us why you 're asking ? Later , later . Meet me at the FISH , ASAP . I 'll just get dressed . Oh , this isn 't , uh , like , therapist business . He means agents only , so ... Who says I do ? Bring Abigail , too . But she 's not dressed and you said ASAP . I 'll just be two minutes . ( PHONE RINGING ) Hello ? Helena ? So you 're a lab tech ? Forensic scientist . Quite a natural fit for me , really , with my aptitude for science and powers of observation . Any details I needed to play convincingly , I was able to glean from the television . I 'm really hoping it wasn 't from Dexter . Because that 's ... That 's evidence . And it 's covered in bodily fluids . I understand how you 're doing this . What I don 't get is why ? What happened ? We haven 't heard from you in months . I was under strict orders not to contact anyone while I had the Astrolabe . After returning it to The Brotherhood , I wanted a new life . One far away from the world of artifacts . Now , may I fill you in on the case at hand ? Of course . The suspect 's name is Richard Purcell . He and a partner allegedly killed a mini-mart owner during a robbery . Both were released on technicalities . Then Purcell willingly returned and confessed . And when I observed him during booking , it was as if he was transforming . Transforming ? Transforming how ? Like , dangerous ? Jekyll and Hyde ? Werewolf ? Roseanne Barr ? I don 't know . In all my years hunting artifacts , I 've never seen anything like it . I don 't see any fish . I don 't even see any water . Did you stop for coffee ? Masks ! That 's the FISH . Frequency Interfering Surveillance Holograph . Scrapped CIA project from the ' 50s . It hides the Warehouse from aerial detection . Anything that flies over the Warehouse , radar , sonar , or spy satellite , they see ... This ! Now , in order for this image to be projected , the FISH has to maintain a real-time scan of what is actually there . Which is this . This bird 's-eye view of the mountain and the Warehouse . This should tell us what ... Okay ! The mountain did not move . It is just the Warehouse . So what 's causing it ? That is the question , isn 't it ? All right , masks ! All right , put it in the trunk . See you at the Warehouse . So what are we missing ? I don 't know . The artifact , the perpetrator . Just about everything at this point . No , with H.G. She wants to give up a life of endless wonder to be a normal person ? She is not a normal person . She 's H.G. Wells ! Well , maybe she doesn 't want to end up evil , crazy or dead . Now , let 's just go talk to this guy Purcell . ( RUMBLING ) Artie ? Yeah ? Are we sure Abigail should be in here while this is going on ? For her own safety . Her being new and all . All hands on deck . We 've got a lot of ground to cover . What ? Do you got a problem with her ? No . ( LAUGHS ) Oh , no . ( SCREAMS ) Hey , you all right ? Yeah , my muscle cramped . Not enough potassium . Abigail ate my banana . It was supposed to be a robbery . I only had a gun to scare him . But then he went for a gun , too , and ... Why did you turn yourself in ? I mean , the cops couldn 't make the case . I 'm asking myself the same question . Well , what about your , uh ... Your partner , Donald Shultz ? They think he was with you , he swears he 's innocent . Donny is innocent . He wasn 't around that night . He can prove it . Why doesn 't he ? He can 't say where he was . Right . So we 've got a guilty guy who blabbed after he got off , and an innocent guy who could get off , but won 't . It 's an irony artifact . Uh , Mr. Purcell , think back . What were you doing just before you came to the station ? ( SCREAMING ) No ! No . Hey ... Leave me alone ! Leave me alone ! Whatever that artifact is scared him so much that he can 't even think about it . We need to find Shultz . Please . Please . I swear . Ask Purcell . I wasn 't there . ( SCREAMING ) Why is the Secret Service interviewing my prisoner ? Why are you even interested in this case ? We have our reasons . Purcell is too freaked out even to admit why he made the confession . Donald Shultz was just found dead . So who would want to hurt these guys ? Lots of people . Have you seen their known associates ? Besides , Shultz wasn 't murdered . The coroner said he died of a heart attack . Right , a totally healthy kid with no history of heart trouble . I 'm not a doctor and neither are you . Maybe it was hereditary . Look , we did some digging . Shultz was arrested the same night of the robbery in Illinois for being in a bar fight . PETE : So he couldn 't have done it . Shultz had a sheet as long as your arm . And whether he committed this crime or not , Purcell did . Look , this is an election year . The last thing I need is the two of you poking holes in a solid public confession , where an innocent citizen was murdered . You talk to my prisoner or my officers again , I will have you arrested for interfering with a criminal investigation . Now go protect the president or something . Is it possible ... Look . I have to make a phone call . Whatever this thing is , Artie , it generates major fear . Yeah , are there any artifacts that can literally scare someone to death ? Yeah , only hundreds of them . I mean , it could be anything from the Inquisition . It could be the first failed attempt at skydiving . The showerhead from Psycho . Oh , great . Another Hitchcock artifact . The guy should have his own section . ( RUMBLING ) Artie , any luck with those tremors ? Uh , we 're working on it . Working on it . Tell me more about the physical changes that H.G. Saw . That could help narrow it down . Well , she saw Purcell 's face change a bit and his fingernails recede , but , uh , she didn 't see that much . But before that . What did the guy actually look like when he first went into the station ? MYKA : Well , H.G. Got there later , but I bet they have closed-circuit cameras . Yeah , but the DA hates us . And no , Artie , it 's not because of anything I did . ( RUMBLING ) ( STAMMERING ) Listen , I gotta go . Keep me posted . Find a way to get that video . Hey , Mykes , you know the owner of the mini-mart that Purcell killed ? He had a family , right ? Yeah . Well , if we had a nickel for every time someone used an artifact for revenge , we 'd have , like , a billion nickels . And in dollars , that would be like ... Well , in nickels ... I got it . So , great . You go interview the family , and I think I know how to get that video . ABIGAIL : This goes like this , right ? ( STAMMERING ) Careful with that ! Sorry . This building is old and falling apart . Yes , we have that in common . ( LAUGHS ) Beat you to it . Yes , well how much shaking can it take ? Good point . The four of us could take weeks to find the source . Well , you know the Geological Survey has sensors in the ground at every major fault . And depending on the intensity of the sensor , they can determine the epicenter ... And ... Why would you have those at the Warehouse ? This is not the San Andreas . Forget I ever said anything . Uh ... ( RUMBLING ) ( ALL GROANING ) Claudia ! I don 't know why ! Why ... Why what ? ( STAMMERING ) Why ... Nothing ! What do you want ? The artifact removal detection system . Oh , yes . Repurpose sensors that are already in place . Of course . ARTIE : And I could boost power to the system , make sure it feels every vibration . I will overlay the data onto a grid of the Warehouse and cross-ref . Yeah , that . Nice suggestion , Doctor . Don 't get a big head . ( RUMBLING ) I almost got it . I got it . I got it . Yukon Sector . It 's this way ! How long have you people worked here ? ABIGAIL : I 'm new ! Found it ! Oh , my . There ! There 's the problem . What are those ? Expansion joints for when the Warehouse automatically expands to make room for artifacts . For some reason , they 're jammed . I guess that 's what 's causing the tremors . Great , well , that explains everything , except for the part where you said the Warehouse automatically expands ? That 's right . Surprise ! ( KNOCKING ) Hi , Helena . Myka , what are you doing here ? I asked you to leave me out of this . Helena , it 's just that we need help , there 's no ... NATE : Emily , everything okay ? Hey . Nate . Adelaide . Um , this is ... A dear old friend of Emily 's , who she hasn 't seen in a long time , and is surprised to see now . You 're a police officer or something like the police . You and Emily solved cases together , and you went on amazing adventures . How did you ... Well , the old friends part is obvious from your body language , the surprise I could just see on Emily 's face , so you must be here from out of town . And I knew you were something like police , 'cause , well , you 're wearing a badge . Emily taught her that . Ah . ( LAUGHING ) HELENA : One correction . There were no amazing adventures . Myka and I were just roommates at Iowa Tech . Right . Crazy days on the quad . ( ALL LAUGHING ) Someday I 'm gonna go on amazing adventures . Mmm-hmm . Come on . Yes , you will . Please , come in . Adelaide is exceptional . And so is her father . He 's a solid , normal , kind , man . Yes , he 's a civilian . But that 's one of my favorite things about him . I 'm trying something a little different right now . So how long have you lived here ? About six months . I met Nate at a cooking class . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Don 't laugh ! Um , and then , and then Adelaide . Myka , they invited me into their home , their lives . For the first time in over a century , I feel like ... I feel like I belong . So does Nate know who you really are ? I can 't very well tell him I 'm H.G. Wells , the 147-year-old father of science fiction . They 'd put me away . So will you help us ? The cops won 't and we need that video . I can 't . Myka , I can 't . Helena , people are getting hurt , one 's already dead , and by the way , you called us , so ... Don 't you think you owe it to Adelaide to have one more amazing adventure ? ( OFFICERS CHATTERING ) Ladies . She supposed to be back here ? This area is off-limits to visitors . Officer Curtis , uh , I 'm sure over the years , you 've impressed a lady or two by giving her a tour of the station . Been known to happen . Well , uh ... Oh . Right . All right , rock on , ladies . Thanks . You 've been watching Claudia . We trade tips . Okay , we just have to find the moment where Purcell came into the station and see what he looked like . Here . It 's hard to see any detail . What about before , in the parking lot ? Uh ... My God , Helena . ( PHONE RINGING ) Pete , listen to me , I 'm putting you on speaker . It looks like the artifact devolves its victims into a primal state . PETE : Got it . Listen , the victim 's family wasn 't looking for revenge , but they said some cop came by and creeped them out with his promise to get them justice , said his name was Briggs . Briggs , I know him , uh ... Back up to before Purcell entered . There , that 's Briggs . MYKA : What is he doing ? Can you push in ? MYKA : He had his handcuffs ready . He knew Purcell was coming in . Briggs is our guy . Pete , our killer with a deadly artifact is a cop . Secret Service ! Detective Briggs ! ARTIE : A primal regression artifact , it may not just affect physical appearance , the brain could devolve as well . It sounds like you 're dealing with something that is affecting the brain 's limbic system . That is the core of our ancient fight , flight or freeze responses . So overwhelming fear , that 's how Shultz was scared to death . You could be dealing with something ... Something incredibly old . Even pre-historic . PETE : Like a piece of cave drawing or an arrowhead . Be careful ! ( RUMBLING ) It 's still happening , don 't ask . Now , listen , an artifact this old , it could be extremely powerful , including the downside on whoever is using it , and if his brain is affected , too , then the artifact could be putting him into permanent fight mode , which would make him as much predator as his victims are prey , and , look , I gotta go . Pete , why does Briggs have all this info on Helena ? Hi , there ! Ms. Lake around ? Don 't know yet . You are ? Uh , we work together . Ah ! My nephew takes karate . Boy or girl ? Girl , and I 've been repeatedly told it 's called " kenpo . " ( LAUGHS ) She can 't be Emily 's , though , right ? What 's this about ? I need to get a message to her friends , the Secret Service agents . I figured they knew each other . Her name isn 't Emily Lake , is it ? What is she ? Witness protection ? All right , what are you talking about ? You really don 't know , do you ? Think about it . You need to get off my property right now . Tell you what , you can deliver the message for me . Now you tell her to back off or I will find out who she 's hiding from and ruin this perfect little life of yours . ( GROANING ) I assure you , Detective , you don 't want to know who I am . I count six ways I could kill you right now . The only reason you 're still drawing breath is ' cause I 'm trying so hard not to do that sort of thing anymore . ( LAUGHS ) Check your boyfriend . ( GASPING ) Nate ! Nate ! It 's gonna be okay . Just take deep breaths . Myka , it 's there . Put it in the bag , quick . Quickly , please . ( GASPING ) It 's all right . It 's all right . The Warehouse was designed to automatically expand to accommodate the growing collection of artifacts and their energies . That 's why it was built into the side of this mountain . And energy and matter can be converted into each other , right ? E = MC-squared . So it 's a self-sustaining system . Exactly . Einstein himself created those expansion joints . Sucks energy in , matter comes out . Oh , I get it . So the jammed joints are filling with energy . And with nowhere for the matter to go , the strain to expand is what 's causing the quakes . We need to stop the flow of energy , until we can figure out why the joints are jammed . Right ? Yeah . It 's just most people take a little longer until they 're comfortable speaking in Freakanese . Yeah , but good for you , Doctor . Good for you . Now , obviously in here , artifact energy is everywhere . We can 't just throw a net over the whole place . Well , so what if we find a way to cover the joints with neutralizer ? Uh , create a barrier that the energy can 't get through . Yeah , just shoot some goo up there . I 'm so glad Pete 's not here . ( RUMBLING ) ( YELPING ) Wow ! That 's a great idea , Jinksy . Let 's go build us a goo shooter . Look for something in the Schoningen Armory . So we need something that will reach all the way to the ceiling , and are you going to tell me what 's going on , or what ? Nothing . Just admiring from afar . That 's the second time that I 've seen you get zapped . What 's up ? I think the Warehouse is mad at me . Okay ? It 's been giving me these electric shocks since we got back from England . I think it 's punishing me , because I stabbed its " husband " or whatever . So I figure probably safer to stay outside the explosives aisle . You know ? Why give the old lady any ideas ? Or maybe this isn 't about you and it has something to do with this expansion thing ? I 'm sorry , is your butt getting joy-buzzered every two minutes ? Is anyone else 's ? Exactly . So I 'm good back here . Okay , so tell Artie . What ? With Dr. Headshrinker listening in ? No , I don 't think so . They have very strong meds for people who think that buildings hate them . Wait , wait . You 're worried about sounding crazy ? In crazy town ? Steve , I got locked up for saying my brother was calling me from another dimension . It didn 't help I was right . You 're lying . You 're not afraid Abigail will think you 're crazy . It 's something else . ( YELPS ) You see that ? Why couldn 't we have needed something from the soft fabrics aisle ? ( FARNSWORTH RINGING ) Jeez ... What ? You find anything yet ? We are working on it . Well , hurry up , because we figured out what 's jamming the joints . That big nail is doing all of this ? That 's not a big nail . That 's a spike . It 's a very powerful spike . It 's from the Transcontinental Railway . It draws things together . PETE : Okay , so the artifact is a jawbone . Best possible match is this handsome devil . It 's a giant pre-historic hyena . Favorite snack was ... Okay , well , us . It could be that this guy 's jawbone absorbed power to put people in a state of primal fear . Look , you 're saying words , but none of them actually make any sense . I ... I know , Nate . Look , you 're not crazy , okay ? We are . What do you people do ? And Emily , I mean , I thought I knew her . I want to believe that I know her . I don 't even know her name . She 's lived in my house . She 's been in my bed . I trusted her with Adelaide . I know , all right ? Pull up . Pull up , okay ? It 's true , she 's not who you thought . ( SIGHS ) Okay ? But , no , no . She is so much more . It 's her place to tell you , okay ? Not mine . But what I can say is you don 't need to be afraid of her . And no one I have ever met will protect you , or your daughter , any better . Protect us from what ? If we 're so safe , why couldn 't she tell me her real name ? ( SIGHS ) Every time the Warehouse and I mix , lives are ruined . It 's over . Don 't you find it strange that you became attached so quickly to a man with a daughter around Christina 's age ? Excuse me ? Isn 't it possible that a part of you still wants to get Christina back ? Myka , how could you suggest ... This has got nothing to do with my daughter . Helena , I 'm sorry , but I can 't help but notice ... You take your observational skills and you can leave right now . You are denying who you are to chase a ghost . ( PHONE RINGING ) This life , it 's not who you are . What ? No . No . No ! No ! Don 't you hurt her , please . It 's Briggs . He must have flashed his badge at Adelaide 's karate school and convinced them he was there to pick her up . Just bring that thing I left , and everything will be great . I 'll text you and tell you where to meet . Your dad says we can get some ice cream ! You work with Emily ? Yup . She and your dad are working late , so they asked me to take care of you . I 've got lots of homework , so when can I go home ? That all depends on Emily . No , I don 't understand . Why ... Why aren 't we getting help ? We are the help , okay ? We 're experts . At what ? What are you an expert at ? We 'll get Adelaide back . Why should I trust you ? Why should I trust any of you ? You 're the ones who took this thing from him . Just give it back . Give it back to him , and you bring my daughter home . Nate , I ... Don 't . I 'll talk to him . Helena ... Myka , you ... You were right . You warned me . About what ? I can 't have a normal life . I was being foolish . Selfish . How can I bring anything but misery ... No . No , that isn 't what I meant . Helena ! Myka , I know what I am ! I can 't just sit here . I know what I have to do . Who are you ? I 'll explain when this is over . ( TIRES SQUEALING ) Hey ! Myka , where are you going ? I can handle Briggs . Just stay with Helena and Nate and make sure they don 't follow me . No , no , wait . Are you nuts ? Just wait for us . This is my fault . I dragged her into this . I 'll get Adelaide back . It 'll be okay . Myke . Wait , Briggs , he was going to text instructions to your phone . She took the phone . And the artifact . So how 'd it get up there ? Well , the attraction between the spike and that suddenly expanded joint must have been so strong that the spike just shot up to the ceiling . Probably the first time that the Yukon Sector 's ever expanded . We found an old RPG launcher and pressure-Ioaded the shells with neutralizer . Behold the gazooka . You 're turning into the goo queen , you know that , right ? It 'll neutralize anything within a 20-foot blast radius . Look , look ! Look ! You 're going to have to be really quick . As you may recall , Einstein 's whole mass energy conversion thing , that 's what makes nuclear bombs go boom . Crap ! I was so proud of that thing . That 's why I made two . I need higher ground . Follow me . Roy Francis 's diving platform for 40 years . Francis dived off that thing into a shallow pool of water . Jeez , if you ever tell me Cirque du Soleil uses artifacts , I 'll never forgive you . You 've got to be careful , ' cause this ladder 's a death trap . Well , don 't sugarcoat it for me . Go ! Careful ! I 'm okay . No , no ! I 'm not okay ! It 's swelling up fast . Steve ? I 'm fine ! I 'll find a way down and help Artie ! You two , you 're going to have to get closer . You 're going to have to get right under that spike to try again . Just go ! This thing is getting bigger . I guess it 's just you and me . She lost someone , didn 't she ? Her daughter . Knew it when I met her . I think it 's what drew me to her . Adelaide and I , we know what loss looks like . We 're going to find your daughter , Nate . Now , he has to have a place near the police station , right ? Because , Purcell , he was still evolving when he ran in and we think that this jawbone made Briggs act like the predator that it came from . Which is ( STAMMERS ) Why I 'm studying hyenas . Okay , what is she doing ? Looking for clues ? That 's what she does . Makes more sense than what you said . Nate . I 'm so sorry . ( STAMMERING ) I promise you ... Find anything ? Yeah . I have a shoeprint . Um , from a hiking shoe . And from the lack of wear , I 'd say they 're brand-new . Not sure what ... Oh , hello . Yeah , it 's a price tag . There 's no store name . Hiking ? Near the station . What ? Pete said he might have a place near the station . There 's a camping goods store there . I pass it when I drop you off at work . It just went out of business . Well done , Nate . We think we know where he took her . Crap . What is it ? Hyenas . They hunt in packs , right ? One lures the prey into the trap , where the other is waiting to attack . That 's how Briggs got back to the police station before Purcell . Briggs isn 't working alone . He 's got a partner . And Myka doesn 't know that . ( DOOR CLOSING ) Detective , I have the jawbone . Look , I don 't want any trouble . Okay ? I just wanna take Adelaide home . MAN : Reach for your gun slowly . And slide it over to me . Look , you have what you want . Let Adelaide go . You 're the one who killed Shultz . Shultz died of a heart attack , but he was just another loser , making this city a dangerous place to live in . You don 't care . You don 't live here . Good people afraid to leave their houses at night , while killers get off on technicalities . This let us do something about it ! That has turned you into ... Look , I 'm just here for Adelaide . She 's just a kid . She 's not a part of this , so just let her go . No , you will try and stop us . I can 't let either of you go . You didn 't know that that was a part of the plan , did you ? Listen to me , Briggs , okay ? That jawbone , it messes with your head , okay ? It makes you do things . You used to be a good cop , I can tell . I 'm still a good cop . Good cops don 't kill little kids ! Shut up ! Shultz was innocent , too . Did you know that ? Yeah . He was arrested in another state on the night of the murder . He knows . Ask him . Is that true ? Shultz was guilty of plenty we never caught him for . He got what he deserved ! And when were you gonna tell me all of that ? Get her or she 'll burn both of us ! ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) You 're gonna have to do this . What ? No , no , no . Look , I get that you don 't like me ... Why would you say that ? Really ? Okay , I know why you say that . But I honestly think you 'd be safer in there than I would . Why ? Because the Warehouse has been electrocuting me for days , and if I go in there , it 'll kill me . Claudia , if the Warehouse has been attacking you , why haven 't you told anybody ? Because the Regents won 't make me caretaker if they find out . They think I have this special connection to the Warehouse , but how can I have a connection if the Warehouse hates me ? And I just barely realized I wanna be caretaker . I want it a lot . And I couldn 't tell Artie with you around , because you work for the Regents , it 's your job to tell them what you think of us ... Okay , I 'm gonna stop you right there , because clearly we don 't have a lot of time . First , I am not a snitch . Second , if you have this special connection , do you ever consider that maybe the Warehouse is trying to get your attention ? Maybe zapping you is its way of asking you for help . You really think that 's it ? How the hell do I know ? But you wanna be the caretaker so badly , go caretake ! All right ! You wanted my attention , you got it ! You want my help , then let me in ! Otherwise , you wanna kill me , here 's your chance . ( LOUD CRACKLING ) ( CRACKLING SUBSIDES ) Well , that wasn 't so hard , was it ? ( GAZOOKA FIRES ) ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) Now that 's a caretaker . I 'm gonna need a Silkwood shower . ( LAUGHS ) Briggs is mine . Hey , hey . No killing . Myka 'll be super pissed . It 's over , Hofgren . I said it 's over ! ( WHISPERS ) Pete . ( GROANS ) I did warn you , Detective . ( GRUNTS ) Myka . Are you okay ? I 'm all right . Listen , Adelaide is in the back room . I think that you should be the one to go get her . Take care of this for me , will you ? Good luck . ( YELLING ) ( SNARLING ) ( YELLING ) ( GASPING ) No cave man jokes . I will not agree to that . Oh , come on . Adelaide ? Emily . Oh , come here . Bravo , my girl . Bravo . Exactly as I would have done . My name is Helena . What made you think the Warehouse was trying to get my attention ? Something Artie told me about Leena . That she spoke Warehouse . Thought maybe it was trying to talk to you . You haven 't had much positive experience with therapy , have you ? When I got electroshock therapy , one of the gator clips was marked " positive . " That count ? I only use those on my car . ( CHUCKLES ) Look , I 'm here to help . Or not . Up to you . Hey , crazy question , what kind of shampoo do you use ? Nothing special . Why ? Weird . Thought I smelled apples . STEVE : So is anyone gonna get me down from here ? Oh , my God , that 's my best friend ! ( LAUGHS ) Everybody seems okay . Well , Adelaide 's safe , that 's the main thing . As for Nate and myself ... Who knows ? All right , well , good luck , okay ? 'Cause I really wanna believe there 's an alternate Warehouse retirement plan . So you 'll get in there and book a win for all of us . I will do my very best not to let you down . Counting on you . ( MYKA LAUGHS ) So is this goodbye ? Well , I would assume not . ( LAUGHS ) Fight for him . I was wrong when I said that you weren 't being true to yourself . Maybe I was just afraid of losing a friend . But caring for someone , you 're obviously very good at it , so make this ... Make this your home . Thank you . And you will never lose this friend . Good . So I guess I will see you around . Until then . Right . ( GROANS ) ( CLEARS THROAT ) ( SNIFFLES ) Maybe just coffee next time . Or save the world . See what happens . ( POP MUSIC PLAYING )
