 STEVE : Previously on Warehouse 13 ... MYKA : We finally get him back , and now he 's farther away than ever . Maybe he 'll never be okay . MYKA : " Leena 's list " ? Yes , somebody has to keep doing it . STEVE : Get out of there before the thief sees you . How are you going to save Claudia by jumping in front of a moving car ? No one else is dying on my watch . STEVE : I 'm really worried about him . When you asked me to keep an eye on Artie , you said it was to help him . Trust us . Please live . I know , I 'm not her . Okay , I 'm not . Just try not to die . Okay , you know what ? Go ahead , wilt . See if I care . STEVE : Artie ? ( GASPS ) You ever hear of knocking ? Come in . ( SIGHS ) Thank you . You rang ? Two jockeys , they both fell into comas right after winning their races at Watford Racecourse . It 's right outside of London . Both jockeys were in perfect health , and they were both riding extreme long-shot horses . Their bodies , they were both drained , completely drained of adrenaline . Well , obviously somebody 's found a way to win it big on the long-shots . Except that no one bet big on either horse . So go , talk to the owners , ask questions , solve it . You 're not coming ? No . To England ? It 's the home of the scone . And clotted cream . Mrs. Frederic wants to talk to me about some Regent issue , and bring me back a tin of Digestives . Regent issue ? What ? Like , what ? All right , here 's the dirt . I 'm not going to tell you ! So go , ta-ta , goodbye , cheerio . So long , be gone . I don 't like it . Something 's up . No , I 'm sure everything 's fine . I know where he is . And I think I know how to get to him . Pete , this Bishop novel that we got sucked into actually belongs ... ( SNORES SARCASTICALLY ) That 's very mature . You know , we 're supposed to be re-shelving inventory . I am , okay . King Kamehameha 's Hawaiian lei transports you to a tropical paradise . So , I 'm bonding with it to figure out where to shelve it . ARTIE : Pete ! Where the hell are you playing with that ? Geez , Artie , I 'm sorry . Just trying to get some R and R. It 's been a rough year . Yes , and it has . How about a weekend in Vegas ? ( LAUGHS ) Now , you 're talking . Vegas , baby ! Wait for it . While you 're there , maybe do me a favor , and look into something fun that just happened on a golf course . MAN : Fore ! ( SCREAMS ) Okay , so , apparently our victim was dead before he landed . From what ? Hypoxia , cerebral edema and a pulmonary edema . They 're all consistent with altitude exposure . So , what , he fall out of a plane ? No , air traffic control said there were no flights nearby , and the guy who found him said he was glowing orange . Glowing orange ? Yeah , is there anything on him ? No , just his wallet . Luke Rose from New Mexico . Looks like he was staying at the Maximus Hotel Casino . Nothing artifacty . Maybe the artifact is at the hotel . We should get to his room before the maid does . The jockey was on top form . Just had his physical last week . Was he taking any medications ? Any sort of hormone therapy , maybe ? No , no , no . I had my riders tested for everything . He was quite clean . This probably would have been the biggest win of his life . No doubt . Trudie Stein was twenty-to-one . It was going to be her last race . That is quite the win . HORSE OWNER : Well , every win is nice . Purse size stays the same no matter the odds . Sure , but I bet she 's worth a few more farthings now , say , if you wanted to sell her . Are you making an implication ? Are you dodging a question ? I grew up in this sport , young lady . I would never steal a race , nor injure a jockey . Righto . Good enough for me . There she is , Trudie Stein . ( NEIGHS ) ( GASPS ) Did you not know there were horses here ? I 'm sorry , I 'm , uh ... I 'm more comfortable with animals that fit in my house . ( CHUCKLES ) Take her out , Ricky . She needs a run . Look around all you want , I have nothing to hide . He wasn 't lying . Yeah , let 's call Artie . See if he 's got anything on what this might be . Well , I 'm sure that he would call us if he had . Yeah , but he 's been so scattered lately . Can 't hurt to check . Why do you want to bother ? Oh , come on ! Mrs. Frederic stops by with a " Regent issue , " and you 're not just a little curious ? No ! No , I 'm not . You know something , don 't you ? I know that we need to talk to the owner of the second horse . Now , we should check the papers on these horses and see if they were ever owned by the same person . I mean , if there is any way to do that . Lf ? Seriously , who are you talking to ? And I know what you did there , by the way . Very tricksy of you . ( CHUCKLES ) New nickname . No , no , no , no , no . ( HORSE NEIGHS ) MYKA : So , this would be Luke 's room . Oh , my God ! Ugh ! I hope that 's a Snickers . Well , we got to wake them up . ( HORN BLOWS ) ( MEN GASPING ) MYKA : Look , we are very sorry about your friend , but we need to know everything that you can remember about last night . Yeah . Anywhere you went , anything weird you might have touched . Did we go out last night ? Dude , we went to this place where this wom ... Uh , I mean , they were ... Strippers . Yeah . Yeah . After the tequila fountain at the pool , it 's all kind of fuzzy . I remember that feeling . I was fuzzy for about 12 years . Okay , boys , can you empty your pockets , please ? PETE : All righty , all righty . There you go , Mykes . Why don 't you , uh , take the San Auguston Steakhouse . I 'll take the Luxy Lounge , and then whatever this other place is . This other place ? Yeah . Uh , what is it ? I don 't even know . " Girls , Girls , Girls . " This place ? Fine , okay . I 'll take the Luxy Lounge and we 'll do " Girls , Girls , Girls " together . It 'll be a lot of fun . PETE : Thanks , dudes . ( DOOR OPENING ) Oh , yeah , I remember them . Totally out of control , especially that one . Annoyed everybody in my section and no tip . Did you notice anything unusual about them ? BARTENDER : Only that they remained conscious . They were downing Irish Car Bombs like water . I don 't know how they stood upright , and lousy tippers . So , nothing , you know , freaky or weird , then ? CONCIERGE : No , we often get young men like that . Too much time at the tequila fountain . I tried to keep him in the hotel , but he was dead set on going to a strip club . Was this one with them ? You bet . He was the big tipper . He kept talking about how he floated . " I was floating like a bird . " Hmm . Figured he 's high . Did you ever actually see him float ? Mmm , trust me , nothing about that kid was going up , if you know what I mean . He was hammered . ( DOOR OPENING ) Oh , sorry . I 'm up . ( DOOR OPENING ) That guy 's talked about floating , and then he dies in the clouds . The first time he mentioned it , it was here , so ... Maybe it 's something at the club . ( EXHALES ) All right , well , I suppose if I have to I could stick around here for a couple of days , you know , get to know the girls , see if an artifact pops up . Or we could do an artifact search together in about 20 minutes . Either way . Yeah . I wish I 'd known earlier , I would have brought more money . Oh , my God ! Judy , look ! ( GASPS ) A hundred dollars . ( CHIPS CLATTERING ) Is that ... What ? ( CROWD CLAMORING ) Hey ! What 's that ? ( ALL SCREAMING ) Okay , so , 48 years old , single , a compulsive gambler , who just hit it big at the blackjack table . And probably not last seen floating around a strip club . Fingertips have frostbite , her lips were blue and witnesses saw her glowing orange . Just like Luke , but how does a teacher from the Midwest cross paths with our bachelor crew . Maybe at the Maximus Hotel Casino . Now , I take the ... What 's this ? This is a complete ... Ahh ! Hello , Arthur . ( SIGHS ) This is Abigail Cho . Hi . Yeah . I 'm just reorganizing here . What are we having an open house ? Miss Cho is the new owner of the Bed Breakfast . New owner ? ( STAMMERING ) How did that ... Was she ... MRS. FREDERIC : She has been briefed by the Regents , and there has been a request made that you show her around . Around ? Around the warehouse ? Well , just enough to get her feet wet . No need to frighten her off . ( SCOFFS ) I don 't frighten easily . Arthur , is it ? Artie . So nice to meet you . Mrs. Frederic has told me so much about ... Yeah . You 'll grow to hate that . MYKA : So she was a big blackjack player ? Yes , yes , a school teacher . She was only supposed to stay here for two nights , but I kept her here for five . What do you mean , you " kept her " ? Well , that 's what I do . I keep high rollers in the hotel . The longer they stay , the more they spend . And how do you do that ? Room upgrades , uh , lounge passes , Val Preston tickets , meal vouchers . Val who tickets ? Val Preston , the hottest act on the strip . So , Val Preston 's a magician ? You 're kidding ? The top magician in Vegas . Devil 's Chamber , Sands of the Nile , Asrah levitation . Levitation ? Is there any chance you also gave tickets to those boys from the stag party last night ? Of course . Is Preston on tonight ? I imagine he just turned a volunteer into a flock of doves . VAL : There 's points where a paranormal precedent ... Right this way . Step right up there . Best seats in the house . Best seats in the house . Enjoy . And slide it , underneath . And upon my command , you will be able to lift her into the air . Rise ! ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) Houston , we have lift off . ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) ( BUGLE CALL PLAYING ) ( HORSES GALLOPING ) ANNOUNCER : And Civility breaks first , followed by Horizon on the outside . Morning Dew is third , followed by Early Sunrise . ( CROWD CHATTERING ) So , Sir Henry Baker from Swindon owns Trudie Stein , and still owns horse number two . He also owns this schmancy club and is the biggest racehorse broker in London . You didn 't even have to call Artie . Reminding me , what do you know about this whole Regent issue ? Oh , God , dog with a bone . Nothing . When has it ever worked out well for you to keep a secret from me ? ( SIGHS ) I 'm not going to like this ? Am I ? ( SIGHS ) I was approached by Adwin Kosan to keep an eye on Artie . And ... What ? What , they don 't trust him after ... And I told them the truth . That he 'd been acting erratic . You ratted on him ? I 'm worried about him . Well , so am I , I didn 't go squealing to Warehouse brass about it . Look , one thing I learned at the ATF , if an agent is not in control he doesn 't belong in the field . Artie is in control . He just ... Jumped in front of a moving car with you in the trunk . You both could have been killed . Claud , I won 't apologize for doing what is right , and what I was asked to do by my boss . ( SIGHS ) We are so not done talking about this . And where do you think you 're going ? The Stallion Club . No , no . Not dressed like that , you 're not . I would suggest you contact your fairy godmother and have her turn you into a princess . The closest thing I have to a fairy godmother besides you , is my boss ' credit card . Beg your pardon , Sir Henry Baker ? That 's right , love . We 're with the Royal Racing Commission , we just have a few questions ... Rubbish . I know everyone on the commission , and none of them would be seen dead wearing that hat . ( ALL LAUGHING ) Okay . We 're government agents investigating your involvement with the two horses whose jockeys fell into a coma this week . Attempted murder type thing . ( ALL MUMBLING ) ( WOMAN CLEARS THROAT ) Now , I 'm gonna need to see the records for every horse you 've bought or sold in the last year . I keep extensive records on all the horses at this track . ( HORSES GALLOPING ) But pushy Americans waving badges are not going ... ( HORSES NEIGHING ) ( PEOPLE EXCLAIMING ) ANNOUNCER : Seems to have fallen from the horse . He seems to be unconscious . CLAUDIA : It 's happening again . Well , there you have it . Silver Princess . I have neither owned nor bid on that horse in my life . ( LAUGHS ) Sir Henry , ah , I 'm terribly ashamed . Could you possibly forgive me ? You 're obviously beyond reproach . Of course , I am . If you 'd let me take just a peek at your research , I 'd be happy to return it to you at my hotel . Room 416 at the Cathcart Towers . Well ... I don 't think I 'll miss it for a few hours . Shall we say , 10 : 00 , tonight ? Make it 9 : 45 . Hmm . ( EXHALES ) I wouldn 't want to be whoever 's in Room 416 of the Cathcart Towers Hotel . ( SCOFFS ) Neither would I. Thanks , Jeeves . Ooh ! So , Mrs. Frederic tells me that you 've been working here for quite a while now . ( SIGHS ) How long 's it been ? Around 400 years . ABIGAIL : Really ? Well , you look good ! You must have built up quite a pension by now . Yeah , artifacts are shelved according to specific properties that they 've got . Is this Julia Child 's apron ? That is not to be touched . They 're never to be touched without proper protection . It 's not a curio shop , Miss Cho . The original Ginsu knife ? Yeah . Is that an artifact because it can cut through aluminum cans ? ( LAUGHS ) You know , these are very dangerous ... What did the Regents tell you , exactly ? Are we allowed to check things out , like a library ? No , no . No ! No ! Uh ... God ! I 'm sorry . It 's just that this place can ... People can get hurt . Okay ? And it takes a while for people to really grasp just how dangerous these things can be . So , I 'm sorry , but ... I apologize . Yeah . It must be a terrible burden to be responsible for all of these things . Well , it can be . Yes . So , how do you deal with it ? Apparently by slapping perfect strangers . ( CHUCKLES ) Uh , it 's been a very tough year . Well , we all have them . In my case , it 's all my fault . So ... ( CHUCKLES ) Look , if you ever want ... Never mind . What ? It 's just , if you ever wanna talk about it ... Oh , it 's a rather long story with a very bad ending . Well , I like long stories . ( CHUCKLES ) I don 't know . Uh ... What exactly did you do before you bought the BB ? Uh , a lot of things . Why do you ask ? Oh , anything in the field of psychotherapy ? Yes . You have got to be kidding me ! And Mrs. Frederic tells me that you 're an innkeeper . What a great joke that is ! You know how humiliating it is ... The Regents just simply ... Who are the Regents ? The Regents are a part of this ? Brilliant ! Of course they 're a part of this , otherwise I wouldn 't come up with such a stupid plan . You all have nothing better to do , then sit around and discuss my mental health . You know what you can do ? You can run back to them and tell them you failed . Maybe they can come up with somebody to help you work through your disappointments . See if you can psychoanalyze your way out of the stacks . ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) Whoo ! Great show ! Great Show ! Terrific . Why are there 48 empty seats out there , when the hotel is passing out free tickets like they 're Halloween candy ? Val , listen , listen , listen . What good is a promoter who can 't get me a full house ? Val , listen , the present moment ... Maybe not the present , but ... Shut up when I 'm firing you . I 'm thinking Mr. Preston might not be so cooperative . Pete , look at this . So the levitation trick was just a harness . The desert around Las Vegas is littered with the bodies of nosy people . Oh , yeah ? We 're not nosy . We 're Secret Service . Secret Service ? I know why you 're here . Do you want to see something truly magical ? Truly , truly magical ! Come on ! Follow me . Here 's the trick . I 'm making you disappear . And you can shove that badge where your search warrant ought to be . Mr. Preston , we just have some questions about your levitation . No , no , no ! You want to know my secrets ? Get an executive order . Now ... Woah ! ( SCREAMING ) Pete ? Oh , my God ! ( VAL SCREAMING ) ( SCREAMING ) Metro police is starting a search . I told them a jet pack he was using for a new trick malfunctioned . I don 't think that the artifact 's here . Hey , hey . Why was Val so ticked off ? I 've been telling him , you play the same venue for a decade , attendance drops . He needs new material . They said he was the hottest act on the strip ? ( SIGHS ) Val 's a great performer . He 's a showman . But as for the magic , I guess there 's no magicians left to steal from . Wait , so Val Preston steals his tricks ? I found him in the Luxy Lounge right here at the Maximus . He was taping Monty the Magnificent on his cell phone . Okay , wait . I saw the poster of Monty in the lobby , that guy 's like 110 ! And that 's an old picture . But Val 's panicked . He 's got a big outdoor promotional stunt planned , but he 's got nothing new . The word is , Monty actually has something new . Pete , word is right . Check this out , and remember that Val was the one filming it . Monty the Magnificent has developed the ability to levitate anyone . Uh-huh . So , do I have any volunteers ? ( CROWD MURMURING ) Come on ! Ooh ! You , sir . With the camera . That 's all right . That 's all right , come on . Film away . Real magic has nothing to hide . ( CROWD LAUGHING ) So , Monty uses an artifact to levitate a volunteer , and then sometime later , the volunteer shoots up into the sky . We have to get to Monty before his next show . ( SIGHS ) Abigail ? ( SIGHS ) That is annoying . It 's rather unorthodox to administer counsel without the patient . You throw a man like Artie Nielson at me without so much as a warning ? What would you have had me say ? That he 's exactly the kind of arrogant , closed off , know-it-all that drove me away from this work . And I would argue that Arthur is exactly the kind of man that should make you stay . Now , who 's analyzing . Look , If you really want to help , you 'll tell me which of these artifacts will help Artie numb his pain . Dr. Cho , we do not use artifacts to solve our problems , we prevent the use of them . Yes , I know . But if you want me to play in your sandbox , I need to have access to your toys . PETE : Hello . Monty Dillman ? No , I 'm his cardiologist . Is he all right ? He needs to stop performing . Are you family ? No ! No , we 're ... Fans ! We 're , uh , fans . Great . Well , try not to get him excited . He 's fragile . MONTY : Yes , yes , come in . ( DOOR CLOSING ) So , what hotel are you kids from ? We 're actually with the Secret Service . We 're just here to ask you a few questions . Did you recently levitate a Val Preston ? ( LAUGHING WHEEZILY ) ( WHOOPING ) I knew it . After all these years , I finally found it . I 'd only been doing it a few days , and that bozo Preston came trying to steal it . Oh , I saw him , skulking around the audience with his little camera . He was hoping to use my trick in his big bamboozle festival tonight . Well , it doesn 't look like he 'll be , uh , bamboozling tonight after all . Monty , if you knew Mr. Preston was trying to steal your trick , then why use him as a volunteer ? Because , he 'll go nuts trying to figure it out . You know why ? It 's not a trick . It 's real magic . Well , look , that 's kind of why we 're here , Monty , um ... We need you to hand over whatever it is you 're using to levitate these people . You don 't hand over magic . You earn it . Look , I was almost dead in this town , Maximus gave me a month to clear my stuff out . But not now . Because you found this thing ? Vegas has always known a " wow factor " when it saw one , and boy , have I got a " wow factor . " ( CLANKING ) ( METAL CLATTERING ) ( CLEARS THROAT ) Look , Monty , we 're not trying to mess with your " wow , " okay ? But whatever gadget or gizmo you 're using to perform this trick , it might be dangerous . You 're such a nudge . You know what I 'm talking about , don 't you , gorgeous ? ( GIGGLING ) Come over here . This is a trick . ( LAUGHING ) What I 'm doing is real magic . So , you 're levitating people with just your mind ? And energy from the audience . It 's what I 've ... It 's what I 've lived for . This is the moment . See , the thing is , Monty , there might be some unfortunate side effects on the people you 're levitating . Is there any way that you could maybe show us how the trick works ? Well , that would be my great pleasure . I 'd be delighted . But I need an audience . You know , I need the energy . Come to the matinee , as my guests . I 'll waive the two drink minimum . But not the cover . Right . Silver Princess was already stripped bare by the time I got to her . Checked her equipment , nothing . Nothing in Sir Henry 's research either . Horses had different breeders , different trainers , different everything . What about race day routines ? Nothing that ... Wait . All three horses saw the track vet with an injury the day before they raced . So , why did the jockeys get hit ? Something the vet used on them ? Stitches , bandages , something the jockeys touched ? And then it somehow drains the adrenaline from the jockey ... And pumps it into the horse , to make it win . A boost of adrenaline . Let 's go have a wee chat with Dr. Doolittle . ( GASPS ) ( HORSE NEIGHING ) What ? I 'm not laughing at you , I 'm laughing with the horse . ( IMITATING HORSE NEIGHING ) ( HORSE NEIGHING ) ( LAUGHING ) See ? Mmm-hmm . I think , you have it . The jack of diamonds , right ? ( APPLAUDING ) What are you ? Some kind of a kleptomaniac ? Come on , let 's hear it for this guy . Get off the stage , you bum . So , when he gets to the levitation bit we pull the plug ? No , we gotta get eyes on the artifact first , and then we stop him before he can use it . My next trick is quickly becoming the envy of every magician in Las Vegas , I dare say the world . I have been performing this amazing feat on volunteers . However , questions have arisen as to it 's very safety , and so , tonight , in order to prove that it is in no way harmful , I shall endeavor to levitate myself . ( CROWD CHEERING ) No ! I mean ... ( CHUCKLES ) Monty , I don 't think that 's a very ... Rose , my ... My lovely Rose , the government has sent us two of its finest agents , to investigate my magic , and I must prove to them that it is safe . I would ask you now to please put your hands over your hearts , and when I say , " Rise up , " you will lift me off the stage , with the combined power of your minds , and my magic . Ah , sorry guys . Um , Monty we ... We can 't let you do this . Stand back , government man . MONTY : Rise ! Rise up . Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Pete ! ( CROWD CHEERING ) I can 't control it ! Monty , where are you going ? Come back ! PETE : Hey , get me down ! Pete ! ( CROWD CHEERING ) ( CHUCKLES ) Pete , this isn 't funny ! This is the awesomest artifact whammy ever ! How awesome will it be , when you asphyxiate in the clouds ? A lot less awesome ? Yes ! Are you all right ? I 'm a little gassy . Where is Monty ? He ran off . I think he was scared . What ? Scared ? Why ? We 're not going to hurt him . I don 't think that he meant to levitate you , and if he thought that he couldn 't control his trick , well , it might have scared him . Does he have a dressing room here ? No , he probably just went home . PETE : Nobody 's here , Mykes . Monty 's room is clean except for a bunch of heart medication . The guy is hanging on by a thread . You know his assistant , Rose , never told us that she lived here . Ooh , nice . No wonder he 's got a heart condition . Man , I hope I have a hot , young girlfriend when I 'm his age . Well , it 's good that you have a five year plan . ( CHUCKLING ) No , Pete , I think that she 's his , uh , granddaughter . And now it 's a turn off . Check this out . PETE : Saint Joseph of Cupertino . Cupertino , California has a saint ? ( LAUGHS ) No , it 's a 17th century friar . He was said to be able to levitate . Oh , okay , so ... Hot , young granddaughter finds magic Cupertino floaty thing , and gives it to lovable , sick grandpa . It would be a great present for someone who 's always dreamt of finding real magic . Yeah , but Mykes , he was so sure that he did it himself . Wouldn 't it be a better gift not to tell him ? And let him believe it is real magic ? ( SNAPS FINGERS ) Right , and she knew Monty wouldn 't come here . Needed us out of the way , but why ? So she could run ? I mean , that doesn 't feel right . No , no , she 's doing this for Monty . Pete , what if Rose wanted to give her grandfather a last hurrah ? Something so that this town will always remember Monty the Magnificent . Like maybe an outdoor promotional event . Mykes , we told Monty that Val couldn 't make it tonight . Let 's go . ROSE : Knew I 'd find you here . ( SIGHS ) The government fella , is he all right ? He 's with the government . It 's their job to pretend that things that they don 't understand are dangerous . Sweetheart , I think I 'm done . Gramps , don 't say that . Mmm-mmm . Listen , adorable Rose , when your eyes go , you stop painting . When your knees go , you stop dancing . And when you can 't do what you do best , you walk away with dignity . That 's ridiculous . Look , maybe you can 't levitate yourself , maybe , you know , you ... You were thinking about that man and that 's why he went up . We used to fill this place , your grandma and I. Standing room only . ( CROWD APPLAUDING ) Well , then let 's prove to the world that you 're the greatest there is . And then , walk away with dignity . I 'm not going to put anyone else in danger . No , there 's no danger . Use me , I trust you . You know , I hear Val Preston 's disappeared . Might not even show up for his Valapalooza . Yeah , that 's what they said , too . So we 'll steal his audience . Levitate me outside . We 'll knock their socks off ! Steal his audience ? Now you 're talking . ( LAUGHS ) VET : I have no idea why those particular horses are winning . STEVE : I know that you 're telling the truth , but what about their injuries ? Were there any similarities between them ? No , the first one had a leg strain , the second one had lacerations on her abdomen , and the third one had minor burns on the back of his neck . Burns ? Some jockeys use a small handheld device called " the box " that delivers an electrical charge . It makes the horses run harder . Is that even legal ? Of course not . It 's barbaric ! If I ever caught a jockey using one , I 'd apply it to his testicles . Word ! STEVE : Were the other injuries caused by abuse ? Probably , the leg strain can come from running an animal harder than necessary , and , uh , the lacerations from an illegally long whip . But all very difficult to prove . What if somebody saw this , knew they couldn 't prove it , wanted to do something about it ? Punish the abusive jockey . How did these injuries come to your attention ? Uh , well , my assistant takes all of the bookings . Can I have a look ? Right , interesting . All three injuries were reported by the same stable boy , a Ricky Jackson . Has Ricky reported any other abused horses recently ? Devil 's Share . Just in last night with a bruised deltoid . Obviously , his jockey cropped him far too hard . Devil 's Share is in the next race . You find this Ricky kid , I 'm going to stop that horse from running . Yes , Cupertino 's medal , hasn 't been seen in centuries . Rumored to give the bearer the power to levitate whoever they choose . Yeah , well , rumor confirmed . But why are people shooting up into the sky ? Well , that 's inconclusive and Cupertino was not in control of his ability to levitate . In fact the Church banned him from public ceremonies . They were afraid that he would incite chaos . Well , maybe that 's the downside , the victims of levitation later lose control . Yeah , something 's got to trigger these victims going up a second time . Yeah , well , let 's look into that ASAP , shall we ? Yeah , if we don 't bag this artifact soon , Pete here is hopping the stairway to heaven . It 's b ... It 's buying , buying the stairway to heaven . Well , I 'm not a Rolling Stones expert . Oh , no . ARTIE : In any case , make sure that y ... Go ahead , I 'll wait . Artie , who 's there ? ( SIGHS ) No one . Just make sure you keep a roof over Pete 's head until you bag the artifact . Pancho Villa 's boots ? You 're here to check them out like this is a library ? You 're hilarious . Mr. Villa committed unconscionable acts in these boots , and yet he was never bothered by them . It imbued them with ... Power to numb any grief , or guilt caused by one 's own actions . I am not the one that is new here . I know about this , Artie . A man who insists on fighting his battle alone . Who shuts everyone out until his grief consumes him , and there 's nothing left , but fury and sadness and self-Ioathing ! I 'm glad I 'm so easy to categorize . Why don 't you just save everyone the torment of watching you self-destruct , and put on the boots ? So , the Regents briefed you on exactly what happened . That does not mean you know me . I don 't know you , only your struggle . I know this because I have seen it . I 've lived it . And I promised myself I would never put myself in the position to live through it again , and yet here I am , trying to save the life of yet another man ... No , no , no , no , no need to save me , I 'm fine . Yes , yes , yes , that 's exactly what he said ! And then I lost him ! A patient ? Grief , Agent Nielsen . Real , gut-wrenching grief is not something you can power through or ignore . There 's no detours , no shortcuts . You look it in the eye and you do battle . And you keep doing battle until you are finished with it and it is finished with you . And if you 're not willing to accept that , then , it will eat you alive . And yes , he was a patient . ( CROWD CHATTERING ) Excuse me ? Pardon me ? Hello ? Hello . Um ... Seems that Val 's not going to make it ... ( CROWD MOANING ) But , uh , I am . I am Monty the Magnificent ! ( CROWD CHEERING ) And assisted by my lovely Rose ! I will dazzle you with something never before seen on a scale this size ! Real magic . MONTY : No wires , no hidden platforms . Real magic has nothing to hide . Tonight I will levitate this beautiful young lady across the entire plaza ! MONTY : That 's right , folks ... Pete ! What ? We still don 't know what triggers people shooting into the stratosphere . You can 't be out here in the open air ! Oh , come on , coach . It 's the fourth quarter , don 't bench me ! Pete ! I left cookies in the glove compartment . Ooh ! To do this , I need all of you to put your hand over your hearts . Liar ! You , too , sonny . Focus on Rose . And on my command , you and I will lift her up into the air , together . Pete , Rose has it . Now rise up . It 's on a chain around her neck . All right , all right , that 's good to know . ( CROWD EXCLAIMING ) ( CROWD CHEERING ) Now , what 's the ... Oh , no ! Oh ! Mykes ! I think I found out what the trigger is ! ( CROWD CHEERING ) Pete , what are you doing ? Yeah , this is probably a bad idea ! You think ? Tonight 's forecast , cloudy , with a 40 % % chance of Pete ! ( SCREAMING ) Oh , my God , let go of my arm ! ( CROWD CHEERING ) How did you get up here ? Look , I know it 's for Monty , okay ? But every time you do this someone shoots up into the sky and dies ! What ? No , that 's impossible ! Unless you take us down and hand that thing over , I 'm next . Oh , my gosh , this is going to crush Monty ! Uh , only if I fall on him . Look , we won 't tell him , okay ? I promise . Just take us down ! MYKA : Excuse me . Thank you ! PETE : Myka , wait ! ( SCREAMS ) ( CRACKLING ) ( GROANS ) He said you wouldn 't tell him . Please , Monty has to believe . ( PETE GROANING ) Believe ? In what ? Ah . So what I thought was real magic , was in fact just some cheap trick ? And you two came here to confiscate it . No . No , Monty . It 's ... ( STUTTERING ) It 's real ... Mykes ? I ... Like they say , there 's no fool like an old fool . Gramps ! Ricky Jackson ? I know why you 're doing this , but it has to stop ! They 're getting what they deserve ! Yeah , maybe they are , but you 're not judge and jury . Now , we 're pulling Devil 's Share . This is stopping , Ricky . Have you seen what the jockeys do to these innocent animals ? It 's awful ! They should be punished ! Yeah , what if one of them dies ? Do they deserve to die ? Are you a murderer , Ricky ? Come on , at least tell me what you 're using . ( SIGHS ) It 's an old piece of an Indian blanket . It was Sitting Bull 's . It should be underneath the saddle . ( BUGLE CALL PLAYING ) ANNOUNCER : Ladies and gentlemen , our next race will be the ... Oi ! Yeah , you . You got to get off that horse . Are you mad ? Get off the track . I 'm from the Racing Commission and I said dismount ! And I said , piss off ! What the bloody hell are you doing ? Trying to save your ungrateful ass . Claudia , where did you go ? ( BOTH SCREAMING ) Feel that ? See , that 's a really bad feeling . ( CRACKLING ) Listen , you ever mistreat a horse again , I 'll send you to the glue factory . Tell your friends ! ( HORSE WHINNYING ) Are you all right ? Uh , yeah . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm fine , thank you . Thank goodness , I mean , you gave us quite a start . ( CHUCKLES ) ( CHIMES ) PETE : It 's right in here , Monty . Robert Houdini , they called him the father of modern magic . It was the 1840s and , no , I did not know him personally . ( LAUGHS ) PETE : Harry Blackstone Sr. ' s lightbulb . ( SCOFFS ) Another cheap trick . There 's no tricks here , Monty . MYKA : The world is full of magic . Real magic . Most people just aren 't ready for it . You 're one of the few people who have seen this place . We figured that you could keep a secret . You know I could put together a whole new act . ( ALL CLAMORING ) Oh , oh . ( CHUCKLES ) Just kidding . ( BOTH LAUGHING ) Huh ? This guy . MYKA : Well , uh , you want to see some more stuff ? Yes ! MYKA : Okay ! Yeah , I know , kid was just trying to protect the animals he loves . Yeah , people do all kinds of things when they want to protect somebody . Are you reaching wildly for a metaphor over tattling on Artie ? Who , me ? Look , I get it . You 're worried about the animal we all love . Still , you should have told me . ( CRACKLING ) What the hell was that ? Karma ? ( IMITATING HORSE WHINNYING ) ( LAUGHING SARCASTICALLY ) ( SIGHS ) What am I doing here ? ( SIGHS ) I killed someone I love , I don 't know what to do about it . Let 's talk . ( EXHALES )
