 PETE : Previously on Warehouse 13 ... MRS. FREDERIC : Whatever the effects of the Astrolabe , I 'm afraid it 's caused Arthur to have some sort of psychotic break . Stop right there ! ( SOBBING ) Artie , we can help you . I am not Artie . STEVE : When Artie used the Astrolabe , it turned him evil . Who are you ? You 're in my way . A vibe . I just got hit with a big one . Leena ! ( GUNSHOT ) Oh , my God ! The deadliest artifact in Warehouse 8 was a strange blue orchid that released a disease called English sweating sickness . I think Artie is going to use the dagger to open the container and get the orchid . MYKA : He 'll release an epidemic that potentially could wipe out half of the world 's population . I know you 're still in there . I know you can hear me . ARTIE : Save me . I cast you out ! MYKA : Claudia , no ! LEENA : Did you really think that you 'd get away with it . ( PLAYING PIANO ) I have no idea what you 're talking about . Well , somebody ate the last of the oatmeal scotchies in the kitchen . And you automatically blame me . ARTIE : Where 's due process ? Have we lost all semblance of civility . You have crumbs on your shirt , Artie . Circumstantial . ( CHUCKLES ) Didn 't somebody tell me they 'd like to lose 10 pounds by summer , and that I should lock up all the sweets ? Yes , and you 've done a terrible job . But don 't worry , I forgive you . ( HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING ) ( SIGHS ) We 're going in ! Hold on ! A lot of wind , this could get rough . CLAUDIA : He was back , I swear . It was our Artie , he said my name , and I saw it in his eyes for a second before ... She had to stab him , okay ? There was no other way . He was ... He was good again and then ... ( REMOTE BEEPS ) And then he was gone . We must deal with the release of the sickness . Every person on the planet is now at risk . We have a great deal of work to do . ( SIGHS ) Turning now to world news , doctors in Europe are reporting a curious outbreak . Dozens of patients have turned up complaining of dizziness and dehydration due to excessive sweating . It 's all being chalked up to the unseasonably hot , humid weather that 's gripped Western Europe this past week . Officials are asking people to stay indoors and drink plenty of water , till the heat wave passes . When we come back , why is this Secretary of State taking salsa lessons ? The answer might surprise you . More after the break . We 're all infected with the sweating sickness . Dr. Calder is in Atlanta with the CDC . She says we don 't have very much time . Before what ... What happens ? Chills , rapid pulse , intense thirst , heart pain , ultimately death . Right . You know , it 's always " ultimately death . " ( SIGHS ) I mean , artifacts never release a plague of tickles , or an epidemic of kittens . ( DOOR OPENING ) Some do , they end badly , too . I 've been coordinating with the rest of the Regents . The virus is spreading even more rapidly than we thought . How much time do we have ? The incubation period is usually 24 hours . We left Germany eight hours ago . So , we have 16 hours to fix what Artie did . It wasn 't Artie . Not our Artie . MYKA : How is he , now ? I mean ... He 's still catatonic . We were able to remove the dagger . No internal damage , of course . PETE : How is that even possible ? Claudia knows . ( STAMMERS ) I didn 't know . Not then . At least I wasn 't sure . I was just ... Acting on instinct , and you did very well . Why ? How does the dagger work ? Tell them . You know . The dagger separates something evil , the orchid , from something good , the box holding it . So , with Artie ... You separated the evil from Artie . You brought him back . It belonged to a Jesuit priest who performed the first exorcism . I didn 't know what I was doing . I just knew I had to do it . But now we could still lose him . We could , yes . But you do have a plan ? We have a theory . You two , you 're with me . Come on . Come on ! Artie 's mind seems to be failing . And you can 't pull him out of it ? When Dr. V gets here maybe she c ... There isn 't time . We need to reach his subconscious and pull him back . Before his mind completely shuts down . If we don 't ... Artie won 't come home . So , what 's your theory ? An artifact , right ? What else . What do we know , thus far ? Well , we know that sweating sickness first occurred in Europe . And that there were several outbreaks between 1485 and 1551 . Also we know that some of the outbreaks have said to have wiped out half the populations they hit . And every time the disease vanished . Right , the orchid turns to ash , releases the plague . Right , but ... But when we found the orchid , it was whole . Even though it had already released the disease in the 1500s . So there must be a way to reconstitute it . An artifact that brings a flower back to life . Nothing springs to mind . ( SIGHS ) I know . ( SIGHS ) I wish Artie was here . ( CHUCKLES ) But who am I kidding ? Even if we save him , I mean , the man killed Leena . How does he come back from that ? How do we ? Both Leena and Arthur cared about one thing above all else . And that is keeping the world safe from harm . We will find a solution . Right . So , I have artifacts that make flowers huge . I 've got artifacts that make them poisonous , that make them not poisonous , but not a single one that turns ashes into an orchid . The Count of St. Germain . ( SIGHS ) Who ? He was a charlatan . In the 18th century , he claimed many supernatural abilities including the power to bring sickly plants back to bountiful , blooming health . He performed the trick in public several times . Sounds like the Count was using an artifact . Yes . Question is what , and where is it now ? Keep digging . This belonged to Sigmund Freud . It will allow your subconscious to interact with Artie 's , and hopefully discover why he is trapped . Yes , done . I 'm in . You 're not going in without me . Why do you think I asked for both of you ? ( SIGHS ) No one seemed to take the Count seriously , or what he did . There 's no references to what artifacts he might have used . MRS. FREDERIC : There 's very little information about him . Hey , hey , hey . I think this guy 's got the dirt . Bennett Sutton , professor at Colombia University , foremost expert on the court of Marie Antoinette . Yeah , and if his take is right , guess who spent a lot of time crashing on Marie 's couch . The Count of St. Germain . He wrote a lot about him . It 's worth a shot , right ? Talk to him , find out what he knows . And ... You may need this . When you 're ready , join hands . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( GASPS ) Holy metaphor . Artie 's brain is ... STEVE : The Warehouse . I can 't say I 'm surprised . Figured it had to be either this or a magical land made entirely of donuts . Whew . Artie could be anywhere . CLAUDIA : Not really . Think about it , if the Warehouse is his brain , where would he live ? His office , his real life nerve center . Nice ! We just have to get over there . ( MACHINE POWERING DOWN ) VANESSA : You need to leave . Vanessa , good . You 're here ... Will you for once do what you 're told ? Wait a minute , that 's not Vanessa . Look at how she 's dressed , that 's what she was wearing in Rapid City . This must be the version of Vanessa that lives in Artie 's head , his memory of her . ( MACHINE POWERING DOWN ) I 'll go check that out . VANESSA : You need to leave . It 's not safe . We need to save Artie . Artie doesn 't want you here . I 'm sorry , I 'm not gonna take ... STEVE : Claudia ! ( MACHINE POWERING DOWN ) This whole place is shutting down . CLAUDIA : And so is Artie ! You see , it 's too dangerous . ( MACHINE POWERING DOWN ) You should go , right now . ( KNOCKING ON DOOR ) MYKA : Professor Sutton ? Hello ? Wow . MYKA : Oh , my God . PETE : This place looks like it 's been tossed . Maybe we 're not the only ones after this professor . Excuse me , ma 'am , was there a break-in here ? No , Professor Sutton 's office always looks this way . Ah , kind of makes my room look pretty good , don 't it ? Ah , well , we were supposed to have a meeting with him . ( STAMMERING ) Do you know where he is ? ( SIGHS ) Company ! ( SNIFFLES ) Enjoy . And there he is . Whoever you are , you 're hovering . Speak , or pour me a drink , and don 't speak . Professor , we have an appointment . Oh , the government agents . Ah , it turns out my day is full , I 'm afraid I 'll have to postpone , regrets . Oh ! Oh . Well , you 're reasonably hot . What say you ditch the , uh , forehead here and interrogate me ? What say you just answer our questions ? Mmm , sexy . Ask me anything . Well , I ... ( SNORING ) This is the man who 's supposed to help us save the world . Shh . Don 't tell the world . It 'll panic . ( SNORING CONTINUES ) Hey , hey , Professor . Hey , wake up . Listen , we need you to tell us everything you know about the Count of St. Germain . That 's remarkable , you could rent it out as billboards ... Oh , really ? Well , we could rent you out as a kerosene lamp , okay ? Pete , we 're running out of time . Oh , there 's always time for love , mon cheri , no ? No . Fine , all right . The Count ... PETE : Attaboy . You all right ? Okay , yeah . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm a little drunk . PETE : Right . The Count was a scoundrel . ( SIGHS ) A grifter . Claimed wild , supernatural abilities . But he was also entertaining . Which meant a lot in the days before reality TV . He must have been incredibly charming to wheedle his way into some royal courts that , trust me , would never have accepted him otherwise . Yeah , like , Marie Antoinette 's . Yes , precisely . She was a fan , for a while . Apparently , briefly enamored of his ability to bring any dead or dying flora back to vibrant life . How ? How did he do it ? Was he ever , um , holding some kind of a special object ? Hold an object ? No . Not according to my research . Great . Another dead end . Although , he always did wear a rather garish ring . Yes , now we are getting somewhere . ( GROANING ) You 're gonna throw up , aren 't you ? PETE : Oh , oh , oh . Hold on . Hold on . No , no , no ! ( RETCHING ) ( SIGHS ) Two steps forward , one puke back . ( SUTTON COUGHING ) CLAUDIA : We can 't just leave Artie in here . I mean , his brain is shutting down . He could get stuck . And if you stay , you could get lost in here , too . He doesn 't want that . We 're just trying to help . Let 's try this . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) Claud , look . Artie 's bag of tricks . What did I tell you ? There 's still some part of him that wants us to find him . It 's like in Germany . Whoa ! Claud ! ( HISSING ) I did warn you . Now go . He really wants us to leave . Wouldn 't be the first time I didn 't do what Artie wanted . Find the ring . SUTTON : Why ? Uh , for research purposes . Well , well . Won 't be easy . The Count 's things were all buried with him in the catacombs , under Paris . All right , so we go to Paris . She know every language there is . Yes , well , your first problem is that Marie , placed an impenetrable lock on the crypt . It 's , uh , rather curious actually . Anyone who tried to get through wound up flayed alive . So , unless you know a good locksmith ... Well , we really don 't have problems with locks . We got a bitchin ' set of tools . It 's actually not the locks that I 'm worried about , it 's the catacombs under Paris . Yes , your second problem . They 're notoriously difficult to navigate . Okay . Yes , generations of naive tourists , crypt raiders and drunken university students got lost down there , permanently . We don 't have time to get lost . Time is running out . For the research that we 're doing . Pete , we have Baudin 's map . You do ? We do ? Well , the place that we work for , does . Nicolas Baudin , he was a French explorer . Most people don 't know that he charted the French catacombs before he left on his famous Australian expedition . No , most people don 't . We can have Mrs. Frederic scan it and sent it to us . She 's our , uh ... Boss . Boss . I know Baudin 's map . But , um , unfortunately it 's just meaningless blather without the legend . MYKA : He 's right . Why do I have a feeling that you have this legend . SUTTON : And I 'd be willing to share , if you could convince your government friends that I don 't need to pay taxes . Ever . Including what I owe . How about you just give us the legend and we don 't arrest you . Oh , negotiation . Sexy . Technically , I don 't have the legend , but I know who does . And , by the way , I only fly first class when others pay . ( IMITATING ) I only fly first class when others pay . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) Come on , Claud , this way is still open . ( DOOR CLOSING ) Damn it . Every root keeps getting blocked . ( ELECTRICAL JOLT ) If there 's a way , we 'll find it . Or , we could just glare at it . I hate this . The Warehouse was supposed to do good , and instead it just keeps killing the people I love . Well , that 's kind of a simplification . Is it , though ? You died . Leena died . And now the whole damn world is dying . Claud , Claud , Claud . Pete and Myka will find a cure , they will . So what ? It 's not gonna save Leena . And Artie ? ( CHUCKLES ) I stabbed Artie with a dagger . Why bother if we just keep losing ? Because it 's not the win , it 's the fight . Evil is relentless , it always has been . You take one evil out , and another one pops up to replace it . Worst pep talk ever . But if we stopped fighting , if we give up , what does that say about us ? I knew that Sykes was dangerous , but we had to stop him . Mrs. Frederic warned Leena to get out , but she stayed to help Artie and you ... You knew the world needed saving , even if it cost you the only father you 've ever known . The fight , that 's what matters . Lovely , but you were asked to go . Oh , this is not good . So bad . Since you won 't go , I 'll see to it that you make no further progress . What was that you were saying , about knocking out one evil and another one popping up ? The good news is , I was right . This disease is not spreading , it has spread . Those are the words of Dr. Vanessa Calder , from the CDC in Atlanta . The illness , which only a few hours ago was thought to be simple dehydration confined to Europe , has quickly spread to virtually every corner of the globe . The CDC is classifying the outbreak as a worldwide pandemic , the fastest to have been declared as such in the agency 's history . We 'll be covering this crisis around the clock , stay with us . MYKA : Wait , the legend is here ? You said it was in a collection , somebody lives here . People live lots of places . Yeah , well , I 'll bet you know who lives here and not in a good way . Don 't wrinkle your forehead . You look like sheet music . Hey , hey , hey . I have a handsome forehead , okay . Just ask my mom . Oh , and on the plane , swiped your nuts . Wait ... So , who lives here ? Fine , Charlotte Dupres . Who , as it turns out , is a rival of mine . Professors have rivals ? Oh , Charlotte is merely a collector , a well-funded fan . I 'm the expert . PETE : Well , let 's just ask Charlotte if we can come in and take a picture of the legend . She 'll never agree to it , she 's paranoid and delusional . Great , that 's what this needs . She 'll just accuse us of trying to break into her precious home . Are we trying to break into her precious home ? There 's no one at her precious home . She 's out of the country . Where is she ? Barcelona . She may have received a message that made her leap on the first plane . Convenient , no ? Okay , it 's obvious that you have another agenda . So , can we just stop playing games . Oh , excellent idea . Let 's discuss the ring and your plan to use it . I am a history professor , I know what sweating sickness looks like . I know the rumor . An orchid that can make the sweating sickness come and go ? Am I close to the mark ? Maybe . No . ( CHUCKLES ) I think the orchid has come back again , and you two need that ring to reconstitute it to save the world . Bull 's-eye ? I 'll take your slack-jawed silence as confirmation . So , help me break in here , stop the disease . Or don 't , and don 't . It 's your choice . ( SIGHS ) ( STRUGGLING ) Cocoons are not as comfortable as they sound . What did she throw at us ? That 's William Hornaday 's cap , director of the Bronx Zoo . In 1906 , he rather infamously put a human pigmy in a cage with chimpanzees to demonstrate the missing link . This thing is getting tighter . I don 't care for this . They 're like unbreakable . ( SPITS ) And rather tangy . Pulling at them makes them tighter , by the way . The darkness is getting closer . ( PANTING ) Claud ? Spear . Yes , okay . Yeah , how are you gonna ... ( GRUNTING ) Oh , okay , yeah . Yeah , I think , uh , if you put a little bit more ... Yeah . No , I know . I know . Put your center of gravity as low as you can ... Yeah , Claude , I know , I just need a little bit of ... Would you just give me ... Put your center of gravity ... ( BOTH TALKING INDISTINCTLY ) ( CLANGING ) STEVE : ( GROANS ) Ah , man ! ( GROANS ) I sure could 've used you when I was locked up . You got skills . Thanks . ( CHUCKLES ) Let 's get to the office . Good plan . Good plan . ( ELECTRICAL JOLT ) Hello , Miss Donovan . Long time , no see . Oh , man , I hate Artie 's brain . ( CRACKLING ) ( DOOR CREAKING ) ( DOOR CLOSING ) ( ALARM BEEPING ) Alarm system . Yeah , you got 15 seconds before the alarm goes off . PETE : Okay . I got this . I saw Artie do it once . Not that I have tried , but Charlotte 's birth date and license plate numbers don 't work . ( WHIRRING ) ( BEEPING ) Bingo ! Brilliant toys , I wish I would have met you two years ago . So you tried to break in here before ? What exactly were you after ? Tick tock , sweating sickness . Shall we proceed ? Find the legend , save the world , etcetera , etcetera . All right , children , playtime 's over . Olly , oily , oxen free . That 's MacPherson ? I always pictured him with a mustache . Why does Artie even have James MacPherson in his brain ? He hates MacPherson . Arthur sees me as the embodiment of danger and evil . And he can hear us . He also knows I 'm very strong , and right now he needs someone powerful to get you two out ! Well , good casting , Artie . I 'm out of ideas , do you have any ? Just one , and you 're not gonna like it . Remember , you 're the one who can really save Artie . Steven , what are you doing ? Stick with me , Claud ! MacPherson will never catch up . So brave . The real MacPherson would have enjoyed this very much . Hunting human targets ? No , catching them . Not today , James . ( GRUNTS ) ( WHIMPERS ) What 's happened ? Where 's Claudia ? She 's still in there . I hope . ( CHUCKLING ) Okay , let 's just get the legend and get out of here . She thinks all this belongs to her . Arrogant woman , I 'll check the other room . You know , people are getting sicker and we 're stuck here with that pompous ... Mykes , are you all right ? Yeah . ( SIGHS ) Okay . So , if I was a filthy rich , possibly crazy hoarder who likes old counts , where would I ... Pete . Yeah ? I think that there 's something we may have missed . ( GUN COCKING ) You just couldn 't stay away , could you ? If I blow your heart out of your chest , do you think that will stop you ? I 'm gonna guess that 's Charlotte . Artie ! Artie , are you in there ? Artie ! Artie , I 'm coming in . ( GRUNTS ) ( MACHINES POWERING DOWN ) ( ECHOING ) Artie ! ( ELECTRICAL JOLT ) ( DOOR CREAKING ) ( MACHINES POWERING DOWN ) ( PIANO PLAYING ) I warned you not to come . We were trying to save you . We thought you were trapped . Do I look trapped ? I don 't want you here . What are you ... You ... Are you hiding ? Artie ! You 'll ruin everything . What will I ruin ? LEENA : Did you think that you 'd get away with it ? Someone ate the last of the oatmeal scotchies in the kitchen . You 're not in Barcelona ? There 's a worldwide pandemic . That sort of thing brings a halt to international travel . They 've just shut down the airport . And you didn 't berate them into taking you anyway ? What unusual behavior for you . Your brains , all over my walls . I 've tripped the alarm , the police are on their way . You and your friends can explain everything to them . We 're not really his friends , per se ... The extent to which I do not care cannot be measured . You just think you 're so much smarter than everybody else , don 't you ? Well , there 's actually quite a lot of evidence supporting the theory ... Uh , dude , I think I 'd , you know , close the piehole while she 's got the ... Charlotte , listen to me . We are not stealing from you , okay ? We are Secret Service Agents . We 're on a mission ... You 're not here to steal ? Then why does the good professor have my precious gold coins in his pocket ? You know , I found these , uh , on the floor . Sloppy , sloppy , Charlotte . Sutton here is not really acting on our behalf . No , my dear , Sutton only ever acts on Sutton 's behalf . Which is why his behalf is being carted off to jail . You 're not going to turn me over to them . It 's done . PETE : Hey , Mykes , I did it . I found the kill switch for the alarm . There 's no kill switch . ( ELECTRICITY CRACKLING ) ( YELLS ) ( SUTTON LAUGHING ) Bravo ! You two are quite good . Aw , thank you . ( SUTTON GRUNTS ) ( GROANING ) Why did you do that ? I mean , not that I 'm complaining . You 're gonna have to ask him . ( GROANS ) I think he 's gonna need a minute . ( SIGHS ) ( PLAYING PIANO ) Artie , if you stay you 'll be lost in here forever . And that 's a problem , why ? Things are better in here . Things are the way I want them to be . It 's not real . Real is overrated . You think this is better because Leena 's here . But it 's not safe . You can 't just stay in here in denial , Artie , you have to come out and face ... ( STOPS PLAYING ) No ! Face ... Face what , Artie ? Leave it , Claudia . You 'll disappear . I know . That 's what I want . She wouldn 't want it . If I go with you , then I will have to remember . I 'll remember her face before ... Artie ... ( SIGHS ) She trusted me . And she didn 't understand . ( VOICE BREAKING ) And then I ... ARTIE : No . No , no , no . ( PLAYING PIANO ) ( STOPS PLAYING ) ( SIGHS ) ( RESUMES PLAYING PIANO ) ( PLAYING JARRING NOTES ) ( STOPS PLAYING ) Why would you make me remember that ? So far there are no confirmed deaths . But we do know that tens , possibly hundreds of thousands of victims , have been affected by this sweating sickness crisis . The CDC fears devastating statistics by morning . There is no question , we are now witness to the worst catastrophe in recorded medical history . I 'm being told the President is about to make a statement . We go now to the press room at the White House . Your partner has a fantastic right hook . Oh , uh , shouldn 't we scram before the police arrive ? Oh , no . Phone call from a crazy lady on the fancy end of Paris ? I don 't think that 's a priority for the gendarme tonight , what with the whole world sweating to death and all . I think we got a minute . He lied to us , Pete . No , no , technically I did not lie to you . I have a pretty good eye for detail , Professor . Oh , just so you know this is very hot . All that research that you showed us ? Conspicuously absent were portraits of the Count . Not one . And then , I saw this . ( GASPS ) You are not an expert on the Count of St. Germain , you are the Count of St. Germain . You don 't look very well . Note , that he is not denying . ( GROANS ) Mykes ! SUTTON : We really should be going , so ... Just tell us the truth . You 're the Count . All right , yes . I 'm the Count . What ... ( SUTTON SIGHS ) Okay , okay . So , you 're ... You 're like really , really old . With a lot more " reallys . " Are you ... What are you ... Are you like a vampire or something ? Oh , please . Vampires are for gothic novels . And , apparently , pre-adolescent girls . I don 't know , I kind of like ... I kind of like vampires . How is this even possible ? Alchemy . An alchemist used a stone , a particular stone , to keep my body from aging . Oh , great , another artifact we have to look for . No , don 't bother . Long gone , so is the alchemist . So , you 're 300 years old ? That 's amazing . 519 , actually . I moisturize . So , you were hiding ? No , just lying about my age . And who I am , and where I 'm from . I 've made my way quite well , actually . Fortunately , man is just as gullible today as he was 500 years ago , but with a smaller vocabulary . So you became a professor that specializes in the 1700s . Write what you know . And when two government agents asked about my ring , I saw an opportunity . All this stuff that Charlotte has , all these antiques that are hundreds and hundreds of years old , this is yours . And you just , what ? Want them back ? Exactly , and your legend . I 'm not selfish , I merely thought , while we were here , I might as well nick an old memento or two . ( IMITATING SUTTON ) Oh , yes . Coincidentally , all the gold ones , right , chap ? We didn 't find the legend . You didn 't . I snatched it . While you two ladies were busy gabbing about what a cad I am . What is this ? Open it up . PETE : That 's the legend , Mykes , to the map . You see , I really am trying to help . Come now , you 've got to be a tiny bit impressed . All right , fine , I am a tiny bit impressed . ( CHUCKLES ) Thank you . Yes . Right then , off to the catacombs . Stakes high , lives in the balance , blah , blah , danger gig . Shall we ? All right . Let 's get going before Charlotte kicks her way out of that closet . PETE : So , you were really friends with Marie Antoinette ? Uh , not friends , per se . Well , we were , then we weren 't . Woman seemed to think I was using her for her money . ( CHUCKLING ) Why would she think that ? Probably because I was using her for her money . Pretty big haul ? It was going to be my retirement . Marie 's violet sundial . The diamond ? MYKA : Oh , my God . What ? Big ? People wrote stories about it . I wrote two of them . It was worth untold riches . Once I had it , no more cons , I 'd be out . But I misjudged . What do you mean , you misjudge ... Oh ! They bumped uglies . Some things are eternal . You know , a woman scorned . No fury to match it . She tried to have me beheaded . Rather her thing . Illegitimate queen . I disappeared . Left everything behind , everything I 'd worked so hard to get . You mean everything that you fleeced from all your innocent victims . I believe that 's what I said . Including my ring , by the way . Pete , look . MYKA : So how do you have a public funeral without a body ? SUTTON : Marie used one of her servants . Yeah , sweet boy named Sebastian . SUTTON : Poor Marie . She wasn 't well . Declining popularity , I heard . These faces ... This one 's Greek , this is Greek , this is Greek , but this one ? This face is Chinese . They 're all Greek to me . It 's the lock . Be careful . Well , I imagine one or two of these gentlemen were sent here by you ? They were all well paid . Bingo ! How do you even use that thing ? We know what we 're doing . MYKA : Okay . ( ELECTRICAL JOLT ) ( DOOR CREAKING ) ( MYKA GASPS ) Anyone faint ? All safe now ? Yeah , it 's clear . We 're the first people in this room for hundreds of years . PETE : It 's , uh , impressive . But also a little creepy , I mean , it is your tomb . Pete , the ring . ( MYKA GASPS ) PETE : That 's it . ( BOTH GASP ) Let 's do this , then . ( CHUCKLES ) ( GRUNTING ) What the hell was that ? ( BOTH SHOUTING ) What ... Is this another one of Marie 's deterrents ? I have no idea . She booby-trapped the whole place . That woman is so paranoid . MYKA : Yeah . Get the hell out of here ! Pete ! SUTTON : Look out ! ( GROANS ) ( SHOUTS ) It 's safe over here , come on . PETE : We gotta get you out . MYKA : Okay . ( GROANS ) Oh , that will be nice . I am going a bit numb , and rather quickly . A poison dart . Typical Marie . We 'll find you an antidote . What , in the catacombs ? Myka , you 're too smart for sentimentality . There 's no time . ( COUGHS ) I always wondered if being ageless meant being immortal . Apparently , a poison dart through the heart will kill me . Uh , that 's good to know . Won 't do that again . You saved me . Well , as I said , " Beautiful women are my fatal flaw . " ( SUTTON PANTING ) Go on , use the ring . I won 't have the entire world upstage my big death scene . No , no , we can 't leave you here . Are you insane ? I can 't resist the poetry . This is my crypt . Go . Save the world . PETE : Sutton ... ( MYKA GASPS ) Pete ... ( SOBBING ) Okay . ( PANTING ) ( EXHALING DEEPLY ) ( GASPS ) Mykes . We did it , Mykes . ( BOTH CHUCKLE ) We saved everybody . Almost everybody . ( THUNDER CRACKING ) What did you remember , Artie ? What 's wrong ? ( THUNDER CRACKING ) It wasn 't you . CLAUDIA : Something got to you , something made you do it . Why is it so dark ? It 's reality , fighting its way in . She brought it . ( THUNDER CRACKING ) This isn 't real . ( SIGHS ) No . ( THUNDER CRACKING ) I 'm sorry , Artie , but I think a bigger part of you wants to leave . In Germany , you said , " Save me . " So I did . And I 'd do it again , and again , and again , and again , no matter how angry you get . You gave yourself clues , Artie . ( THUNDER CRACKING ) Like this door . There 's no door in this spot at Leena 's . But it 's more than just a door , isn 't it ? It 's the way out . What makes you so sure you know what 's right ? Because I know you . And I don 't think you 're done fighting . Even if you don 't know it yet . It 's the fight that matters , Artie . Now , go ! No ! Yes ! ( WHIMPERS ) I 'm sorry . ( SOBBING ) Claudia , listen to me , there was nothing more we could have done , we tried ... Hey ! Where 's Artie ? Mrs. Frederic said he was awake . He is . Claudia brought him back . Clau ... Claudia ? He won 't talk to us . ( JANE SIGHS ) This is going to be harder than we thought . ( PIANO PLAYING ) ( SIGHS ) Go away . That 's the nice thing about being me . I don 't take orders from you . ( SIGHS ) Oh , God , what have I done ? It wasn 't you . Yeah , but she 's still gone by my hand . Yes . ( SIGHS ) Yes , and how do I fix that ? You can 't . Exactly . I wish you could . But there are some things , many things , that cannot be fixed . Oh ... ( CLEARS THROAT ) You can however fix yourself , if you want to . I want to fight , but ... Good . Luckily , for you , there are many smart people in your life who love you , they want to help you . We 'll make it through this together , won 't we ? What were you playing ? ( PLAYING PIANO ) ( CREAKING ) Oh , Sebastian . Marie always said you were honest and loyal . All the things our good Count was not . Hundreds of years and he hasn 't changed at all . You 're in here . And my lying , cheating husband is once again out in the world . And with Marie 's diamond . But I have plans , too .
