 ¶ two ... Two , three ... ¶ ¶ ( whooshing ) ( static , trilling ) ( whooshing ) Planet express discount prisoner transfer at your service . Take a good look , dr . Brutaloff . This prison is where you 'll be spending your 300-year sentence . Yeah , until you 're defrosted and wake up refreshed , Unaware of any time having passed . He ... He heard you ! Oh , please . It 's probably just the carbonite thawing slightly . Take him down to processing While I stay here and get hooted at . ( whirring ) Ooh , yeah , baby ! Oh , stop . Fry , look ! That 's silicon red , the universe 's greatest folk singer ! There 's your wallet , your guitar , And your gun . You 're free to go . Ah , still cocked . So , he 's a folk singer . So what ? So what ? Have you forgotten My lifelong dream of being a folk singer ... Because I sure have until right now . Silicon red ! Silicon red ! ( panting ) Hey , I have a lifelong dream too . Of not being left alone with a frozen supervillain . ( screams ) don 't try anything , dr . Brutaloff ! I know karate . Aye-hyah ! ( guitar playing ) ¶ then I shot him and stabbed him and stole all his gold ¶ ¶ and I tried on his face while his body turned cold ¶ Lovely . Just lovely . New topic : Can I have your autograph , And also you tell me everything you know about folk singing , And I 'll take your guitar too ? Old salmonella ? Son , I ought to kill you for asking . We met doing hard time on a mississippi chain gang . And she 'd been with me through 30-odd convictions . 30 ? You must be quite a bungling lowlife . Anyhow , about the guitar . ( clicks ) Aw , come on ! I can 't be a famous folk singer Without a cool guitar . Can I at least get a photo ? And before you answer that ... ( laughs ) now I 'll just have someone Duplicate your guitar . Thanks , sucker . ( laughs ) you 're the sucker , sucker . See ... With all salmonella and me been through , her sound is unique . All your fancy technology will never be able To copy this guitar . Beeler : Using my fancy technology , I can make an exact copy of this guitar . Tell me , dr . Beeler . Will I need to threaten you ? Not at all . You see , nowadays we can take a unique and beautiful object , And easily reduce it to a formula for mass production . I call the process " science . " I 'll just need to locate That guitar image on your file system . ( giggles ) Whoa , that 's a lot of porn . Where 'd you store the guitar picture ? I don 't know . I mainly hang out in here . Ah-ha , your folk singing folder . I 'll just double-kick on that . ( grunts ) Got it . Now I 'll convert that guitar image to a wire-frame model . There , like so . And send it wirelessly to my 3d printer . ( beeping ) By laying down layer after layer of nano-plastic , It can turn your wildest dreams Into ordinary reality . Witchcraft ! Sorcerer ! Neat . So , how long will it take ? Four or five hours . Shall we adjourn to the porn folder ? I call my new guitar bender mae because bender may be The greatest folk singer of all time ! It looks pretty authentic . You bet it 's authentic . See this scratch ? I tell people she got it while I was doing hard time With a new hampshire chain gang . Fry : I have a scratch too . From where dr . Brutaloff slashed me with his finger knives , Right after he thawed out of his carbonite , And right before he froze me in his carbonite Because you deserted me . ( groans ) Bender : Eh , you 're always getting frozen in stuff . It 's your thing , man . Bender , you 're not a folk singer just ' cause you have a guitar . And a flannel shirt . I claim I won it in a knife fight at j . Crew . It must be interesting to wia knife fight . I wouldn 't know . The point is ... Do you even know any actual folk songs ? ( scoffs ) actual folk songs are all public domain . Where 's the money in that ? I 'll just make up my own . But , robot , you can 't just make up folk songs Like you can a medical diploma . They have to come from the heart . Wrong again , zoidberg . While you were yakking , I downloaded every folk song In the universe and analyzed them . They 're only a few basic patterns . For example ... 36 % of all folk-song heroes work on a railroad And are named " big " something . Next slide , please . 75 % of these big railroad men have bad-hearted women Who done them wrong , Usually with a smooth-talking rambler . There 's a lot more , but in the end , Somebody kills somebody , blah , blah , blah . ¶ somebody kills somebody , blah , blah , blah ¶ Catchy . Not what I meant , but don 't perform it Without my permission ! Anyway ... Using this simple formula , I can generate As many hit folk songs as I want . All I need is an audience . And that 's where silicon red comes in . ( folk guitar playing ) ( coughs ) man , all this corncob pipe smoke Is irritating my stab wounds . Man : Ladies and gentlemen , I 'm proud to present , Fresh from another down-home authentic prison term , The universe 's greatest folk singer , Silicon red ! Thank you . Silicon red , everyone . ( applause ) ( silicon red grunts ) I 'm ramblin ' rodriguez , the new greatest folk singer ever . And I 'm gonna sing my new masterpiece , " the ballad of me , rambling ' rodriguez . " ¶ well ... ¶ my bad-hearted woman loved a smooth-talking gambler ¶ ¶ so I ran him over with my train ¶ ¶ lord , lord , yes , I ¶ ran him over with my train ! That name again is rambling ' rodriguez . ( crowd boos ) Why are they booing me , silicon ? 'cause your song was insincere , boy . Now , get out and don 't come back Till you 've lived a life worth singing about . Yes , sir . And don 't go to prison . That 's my shtick ! I failed at my lifelong dream again . How can I be so bad at everything I try And still be so great ? Bender , you have a lovely baritone , And you sure can strum that plastic guitar , But you can 't write a real folk song About experiences you haven 't had . Yeah , you should write a song about a heartless robot Who leaves his best friend to be murdered . Look , leela , I 'd love to write about my own experiences ... The heartless robot is bender . The best friend is me . How can you people be so blind ? But I 've never picked cotton or been on top of old smokey Or worked on anything all the livelong day , Let alone a railroad . Then go live among the railroad men , why not ? You 'll come to understand them , Just as I now understand the ape-men of earth . As stupid as zoidberg 's idea is ... It 's brilliant when I have it . I 'm off to the railroad to become a folk singer . ( humming ) Uh , I 'm looking for the wrong side of the tracks . Then you 've come to the right side of the tracks . Have a seat , stranger . My name 's bender rodriguez And I want to learn the railroading business . Big caboose . I 'm a steel-driving man Working the trans - universal line . Wow , you 've had the exact experiences I want to steal for my song . Aw , heck , I 'm nothing special . Just a down-home robot with a big old hammer . Hammer , that should be easy to rhyme . You done time in the slammer ? Uh , nope . Been to alabama ? Sorry . How 's your grammar ? Praiseworthy . Bender , meet fast frank brogan . Daredevil engineer dies in the crash of old ' 88 . Dandy jim and gus . Gentlemen hobos with a story to tell . I was got drunk and ate my big toe . Can 't say I miss it . And good old cookie , The crusty comically inept geological surveyor . Jiggers ! I dropped my sexton in the stew . ( train horn blows ) bender : ¶ been up north ( all grunt ) ¶ been down south ( all grunt ) ¶ got a real weak back ( all grunt ) ¶ I got a real big mouth ( all grunt ) ( slurps ) So while bender goofs off at some railroad camp , I have to deliver dynamite to a railroad camp myself . And it 's the same railroad camp . I mean , the irony is palpable . Oops . Whoopsie . My bad . Dibs on the toes . So how 's it going with the real-world experience ? Have you found a railroad man to write a song about ? Yep , my good friend Big something here . Uh , caboose . I 'm a steel-drivingman , And there ain 't much more to say about me . Not till now there wasn 't . ¶ well , big caboose was a steel-drivin ' son of a gun ¶ ¶ till a bad-hearted woman he spied ... ¶ But , bender , I never spied no bad-hearted woman . In my song you did- - A temptress named- - I don 't know- - jezebel . Wow , creativity 's hard work . ( slurps loudly ) Ah . You know my favorite part of your song ? The part where it ended . ( laughs ) Then , settle in , ' cause that 's about a half hour from now . ¶ well , jezebel 's heart did wander ¶ ¶ when she saw that rambling ' man ¶ ¶ he was tall and dark and shiny ¶ ¶ and a native mexican . That sleazy rambler sounds an awful lot like you , bender . Hey , thanks for noticing . Just for that , I 'm gonna slip you into the 57th verse . You can be my best friend who abandons me when I need you . Now , that 's a verse we can all enjoy . ¶ well , rodriguez ran ¶ to his best friend ¶ said , " help me or I 'll surely be killed " ¶ ¶ fry laughed and he said , " you deserted me once ¶ ¶ " now it 's your turn to feel the chill , lord , lord ¶ ¶ now it 's your turn to feel the chill . " ¶ You 've accurately portrayed the nature of my grievance . ( train whistle blows ) ¶ big caboose went lookin for rodriguez ¶ ¶ straight to new new york town ¶ ¶ he cried ... Bender , guess what . I met a fabulous girl and we 're engaged to be hitched . That 's great , caboose . Come on in and set a spell . Aw , no time . I got someplace to be . See you soon , honeybunch . Okay , dumpling . My man 's gone , gone . Oh , I 'm so lonely and easy . Oh . ( both giggling ) Bender ( à la train whistle ) : Whoo-whoo . ( both giggling ) Oh , yeah . This is definitely going in the song . ¶ he cried , " rambler , you slept with my jezebel . " ¶ Hey , what 's your name , anyhow ? Jezebel . Oh , good , I won 't have To change any words . ( yawns ) Yeah , you 're right . It 's getting late . ( turns off tv ) I 'll get your coat . Oh , hey , big caboose . What are you doing here on earth ? I 'm here for to see ramblin ' rodriguez . Well , he 's at the railroad camp . I know , But some strange force drew me to new new york town . ¶ that rambler slept with my jezebel ¶ ¶ now I 'm comin ' for to shoot him down , lord , lord ¶ ¶ comin ' for to shoot him down . ¶ Guess I 'll go back to the railroad camp now . That 's weird , he sounded a lot like bender 's folk song . Not a lot like bender 's folk song- - Exactly like et cetera , et cetera . His song is coming true somehow . Oh , my god , reality is infringing bender 's copyright . ¶ " I 'm comin ' for to shoot you down . " ¶ No , wait . ¶ " I 'm comin ' for to run you down . " ¶ With a train . Get it ? ( beeping ) ( beeping ) It 's over , jezebel . Grab your things and get out . I didn 't bring any things . That 's what I like best about you , baby . ( train whistle blowing , bender screaming ) Rambler , you slept with my jezebel , And I 'm comin ' for to run you down , lord , lord . ¶ I 'm comin ' for ¶ to run you down . ( whimpering ) ( grunting ) ( train whistle blows ) ( panting ) ( train whistle blowing ) ( panicked grunting ) Fry , help , let me in . ( yawns ) Bender ? What are you doing ? It 's 3 : 00 a.M. I don 't care if it 's three b.M. Open up and hide me ! I don 't think so , bender . You deserted me once , And now it 's your turn to " feel the chill . " Ha ! ( train chugging ) ( train whistle blows ) ( screams ) ( screaming ) ( beeping ) Breaker , breaker . Hola . ( panting ) Professor , help . The hero of my folk song tried to run me down , And fry refused to save me . That doesn 't sound like me . Fry ? But you just- - eh , I 'll figure it out later . But first I 'll kill you ! ( yells ) ( both grunting ) bender , stop . We 've been trying to warn you all night . You didn 't answer your cell phone telephone , So the professor tried his cb . Uh , scratch that , rubber turkey . We got a 20 on the tin man . Toodle-oo . But fry betrayed me at our apartment ! Just like in your folk song . Somehow everything you sang about Is happening in real life . ( gasps ) whoa , whoa , whoa . Are you saying that guy at the apartment Was some kind of exact copy of fry ? 'cause that 's crazy . He 's a unique and beautiful object . ( gasps ) The printer . Oh , I must have left the wireless connection To your folk song directory open . Everything you wrote in the song got routed Straight to the 3-d printer . Big caboose , duplicate fry , even cookie The crusty , comically inept geological surveyor- - They 're all made of nano-plastic . So , if bender had sung about , I don 't know , Some crazy giant land octopus attacking me , It would have actually happened ? ( blows raspberry ) I can 't even imagine singing about such a thing . ¶ well ... ( beeping ) fry , run . Aw , relax , beeler 's stupid machine takes hours To print anything . No , it doesn 't . I improved it using fancy modern technology . ( growling ) ( fry screaming ) Bender , whatever you do , Don 't think about any more octopuses . Octopuses ? I believe the correct plural is octopi . ( all screaming ) I 'm sorry . " octopuses " is also acceptable . Think about puppies , bender , Cute , harmless , dead puppies . Don 't worry . I 'll disconnect him from the printer . No , wait , I know how to save bender from big caboose . ( train whistle blows , bender shudders ) All he has to do is write his way out of this mess , And the 3-d printer will make it happen . Like how ? Well , I don 't know . Make up another giant octopus and have it kill big caboose . What kind of lazy ending is that ? I 'm not gonna put that in my song . Hey , I have a cool idea . Create a duplicate bender , So when big caboose kills it , it 's not real , it 's duplicate . Ooh , ooh , they did that on star trek : Tng . Cram it , nerd . I 'm not going to just copy Some feel-good tv show wrap-up . ( train chugs , whistle blows ) I can think of a hundred endings that 'll save you . Just pick one . No , dr . Beeler , I won 't just pick one . My audience deserves better than some crappy , formulaic ending . If I must die , Let me die in a blaze of artistic integrity . ¶ well ... ( strumming guitar ) ¶ then the steel-drivin ' man ¶ rammed his train through the wall ¶ ¶ and crushed him flatter than a macbook air , lord , lord ¶ ¶ crushed him flatter than a macbook air . ¶ Bender : ¶ but while you were all out fighting ¶ ¶ with the giant plastic octopi ¶ ¶ I copied myself , you see ... ( gasping ) bender ! Bender ! ¶ and I cowered in the bathroom ¶ ¶ while that steel-drivin' moron ¶ ¶ killed a duplicate instead of me ¶ ¶ lord , lord ¶ killed a duplicate ¶ instead of me . ( clamoring ) Now , that 's what I call a great ending . I made a copy of myself and big caboose killed him . But you said making a copy of yourself Would be a lousy ending . No , duplicate me said that . See , I had to be sure he wouldn 't try And weasel out of getting killed Like I would and did , So I created him with a tragic weakness : Artistic integrity . Of course . How could we have thought a guy with integrity Was you even for a second ? Because you 're idiots . Come on , silicon red , let 's sell out . ( hip-hop music playing ) ¶ I 'm the real rodriguez , will you please stand up ? ¶ ¶ he been workin on the railroad ¶ ¶ ladies can 't get enough ¶ I made a 3-d version of my worst nightmare ¶ ¶ sucker tried to stop the printer , and I found him there ¶ ¶ went 187 on his robot ass ¶ ¶ turned out to be a copy of my robot ass ¶ ¶ now we 're folk-singin ' players packing ' beaujolais ¶ ¶ and makin ' max contributions to our 401k . ¶ All : Peace out . ( microphones feed back , crowd cheering ) Captioned by access.Wgbh.Org oup at wgbh
