 Humiliated ... De-powered ... All but destroyed . Hardly the new world I set out to build , is it ? Master , a spy has made contact . Well ? Everything is in place . And the boy ? He 's here . Soon , our greatest enemy will be buried . Providence itself will be destroyed . And we 'll have Rex to thank . # so make way to start the revolution # # make way , we 're gonna have fun tonight # # make way to start the revolution # # so make way # # so make way to start the revolution # # make way to start the revolution # # so make way # Come on ! Who 's gonna know ? Yeah , it would only be for a minute or two . You actually want me to let you fly the keep ? Only until the next course change . And nothing fancy . All right , let 's see what this baby can really do ! I ... it wasn 't me ! Seriously ! Whoa ! Aah ! Calan , what 's your status ? Came from out of nowhere . We 're being boarded . Scramble all jump jets . Mobilize for a counteroffensive . This is a coordinated attack . Evermajor Providence outpost around the globe has been hit . So far , they 've steered clear of headquarters . I 'm en route to the keep now . Are they really that stupid ... Attacking the keep with me on board ? This should only take a minute . Wait up . Find Rex . It goes without saying alive would be ideal . Take the ship . Some kind of power surge . We 're losing control of the helm ! Find out where it 's coming from ! Doc , if you 'll excuse me ... - Six ? - Five minutes out . Prepare for an evac . I 'm getting you off the ship . Rex : Again with the smack hands ? You always op with that move . Change it up a little ! Whoa ! You see what you get ? That 's what happens when you interrupt my nap ... Bobo gets cranky ! I learned that the hard way , too . All hands ... we 've got intruders on decks 4 , 5 , and 6 . Get them off our ship ! Go ! Attention , Providence . The ship is ours . Ugh ! Not even close , Van Kleiss ! Lay down your weapons , and your lives will be spared . Continue to resist , and nothing survives . You 've made some lame-o moves before , Van Kleiss , but this one is classic . Seems you may have run out of tricks . You had to know it would only be a matter of time . I 've had a fair amount of time on my hands these days . Aaaaah ! You took something very precious from me , Rex , and now I 'll be returning the favor . If you want my monkey , you can forget it . It might come as a surprise that when you stole the nanites that gave me my power , you left some of your own behind , enough to tell me a few things about what makes you tick . Ungh ! You 'll find that using your powers will be something of a challenge . The nanites that make you so special belong to me now . What shall I do with him , master ? I have everything I need from him . I could care less . Secure the rest of the ship . Rex : Come on ! Do you really think throwing me out that hatch is the best way to get rid of me ? Wouldn 't it be more fun to throw me in a cage , tie me down in front of a laser ? No . Aaaaaaaah ! Wh-o-o-o-o-oa ! What is he doing ? This is no time to fool around , Rex . Happen to notice that ground coming up on us , doc ? If you don 't do something fast , I 'm about to become part of it ! Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa ! Ugh ! Rex , are you okay ? I think we may have a problem . What do you mean " they have the keep " ? ! Blow it up ! We tried . The remote-destruct sequence has been disabled . Van Kleiss has complete control of it . Give me some good news . We know where it 's heading . Here . This is the commanding officer . We found him attempting to destroy the ship . What 's your game , Van Kleiss ? Oh , a very good question ... One that depends entirely on what happens next , Captain . It seems my powers have made a slight ... Change . Well ? They 're gone , aren 't they ? Van Kleiss took all my active nanites . Not exactly . I found this . Definitely a nanite , but it 's unlike anything I 've ever seen . Molecular scans seem to indicate it 's some kind of control nanite . But with nothing to control . With a large enough concentration of nanites , we might be able to jump-start it . But even with that , there 's no guarantee it would replicate or even give you back the same abilities . I hate to say it , but this one has me stumped . Great . Loving this . If you 're finished with the lost cause , we 've got a bigger problem . Master , how is this possible ? It would seem Rex 's nanites have an opposite effect on me . He cured evos . Now I create them . Full ahead ... ramming speed ! Once we 're through , we 'll destroy Providence from the inside out . Lock it down ! I want hallways cleared and critical sections defended . They will not take this base . Well ? What are we waiting for ? Let 's go stop them ! Rex , you 're in no condition to fight . Well , what do you expect me to do ... hide ? Whatever it takes . That nanite inside you might be able to bring you back , but it 's going to take me time to figure out how . And that 's not something we have a lot of right now . Wow . Nice outfit . Got one for you , too . You get to armor up like the rest of us normals . Come on . All right , where to ? South Pacific . That 's my boy . And here I thought you 'd try to pull some hero stunt . Oh , brother . I want the white Knight . Find where he 's hiding and bring him to me . That should be everything , as long as the offsite backup holds . Don 't let it get to that . This is a strange place for a base . When I have too many nanites in me , this is where I go to offload . Think of it as a nanite porta-potty . Thanks ... for that image , Bobo . So , we just put some of these nanites in you , and we 're good to go ? No . They 're inactive . Or at least stripped of their programming . Since I can 't control them , I just have to hope that whatever this thing is inside me can 't . So ... what happens if it can 't ? Let me put it this way ... The last guy who went swimmin ' in that soup ended up a 50-foot freak show . Listen to me carefully , Van Kleiss . I 'd rather not . Where are they ? The inner perimeter has been compromised . They 're coming . Ugh ! Ungh ! Skalamander : Open it . Okay . Bobo , set the thing to " vent " and go . If this doesn 't work , I don 't want you two getting caught in the blast . - Nope . - Forget it . Rex , at least think about this for a second . What if it wipes your memory ? What if it turns you into some kind of evil monster ? My friends need me . There 's nothing more to think about . Bobo , do it . Long odds , pay big . You 've overstayed your welcome . Now , here 's someone who would make a nice addition to our evo ranks . Go ahead and try . Ugh ! Trying to do my job for me , Six ? Here 's a thought when your top henchman can 't even get rid of someone by throwing him out of a moving plane , time to rethink the help . You are determined ... I 'll give you that . If it 's what you prefer , I 'll finish you myself . # so make way to start the revolution # # make way , we 're gonna have fun tonight # # make way to start the revolution # # let loose , and everything will be all right # # here we go # # here we go again # # the clock spins , and the roof is down # # and I 'm done with ... # Maybe . Ugh ! Whoa ! Cool ! See ? I told you it would work . This is an unexpected surprise . Well , by now , you should expect the unexpected from me , Six . # let loose , and everything will be all right # # here we go # # here we go again # # the clock spins , and the roof is down # # and I 'm done with # # done with living in the shadow of hate and fear all the time # Ungh ! # shine on # # shine on like you do # # watch out , ' cause I 'm coming through # # so hold fast # # and take the wheel # # it 's your chance , got to do what you do ... # # so make way to start the revolution # # make way , we 're gonna have fun tonight # # make way to start the revolution # # let loose , and everything will be all right # Dr. Rex : Is that what I think it is ? # so make way to start the revolution # # make way , we 're gonna have fun tonight # # make way to start the revolution # Not anymore . You think there might be more of them ? Eh ... probably . Biowulf : Aaaaaa ! I use that electromagnet to trap stray nanites . You 're lucky it 's on the lowest setting . Any higher , and it would rip the nanites right out of your body . Biowulf : Then why don 't you ? Because the I wouldn 't be able to do this . # so make way to start the revolution # # make way , we 're gonna have fun tonight # # make way to start the revolution # # let loose , and everything will be all right # No one can help you . You 're all alone now . Not exactly . We still have my sister . Skalamander : # so make way to start the revolution # # make way , we 're gonna have fun tonight # # make way to start the revolution # # so make way to start the revolution # # make way , we 're gonna have fun tonight # # make way to start the revolution # - Aaaaah ! - No way ! # make way to start the revolution # # make way to start the revolution # # so make way # - Ungh ! - Once again , epic fail . I 'll take my nanites back now . Ugh ! Rex , wait ! Van Kleiss left behind a few presents . No time to look everywhere . I 'm shutting everything down . - You can do that ? - Don 't know . Never tried . Anything else ? No ? Whew ! I never want to do that again . No , sir . Amazing . Why , thank you . I was talking about the nanites . That was a risky move , Rex , but it worked . As far as I can tell , you 're back to your old self . I don 't know . Something feels different . That new build ... I think I can do even more . It 's like I can see the blueprints . I just need to figure out how to put it all together . White Knight in person . Never thought I 'd see the day . Well , don 't get used to it . We found all the explosives . The base and the keep we need extensive repairs . This was not our finest hour . What are you talking about ? We kicked butt ! So what if Van Kleiss is back and more powerful than ever ? So am I ! If he wants a nanite war , let him bring it ! White Knight : It 's good to have you back , Rex . You know , I think he actually means it . Sure he does . So , tell me something , guys ... What 's next ?
