 DATAK : Previously on Defiance ... When you come and see me , I don 't want it to be financial . I don 't buy into the whole find-one-true-love fantasy . If you don 't believe in love , it 's because you have been in love and you got burned . RAFE : There are things I can 't explain at the bottom of that mine shaft , but I think Luke was killed because of it . I 'm proud to be your sister . You two are sisters ? HEATH : Fox gloves , half off . Hats , three for one . - Get them while you can . - VENDOR 1 : Coats , jackets , ponchos ! ( OVERLAPPING CHATTER ) VENDOR 2 : Ladies ' earrings ! HEATH : Fox gloves , half off . Hats , three for one . Get them while you can . VENDOR 1 : Coats , jackets , ponchos ! HEATH : Gloves , half off . Scarves , three for one . Get them while you can . It 's your lucky day . Half price , 40 for the pair . Genuine fawn skin . ( GRUNTS ) Nighty night . ( GRUNTS ) NOLAN : That 's a boy . The runner 's mine , leech . I 've been tracking him for a month . Nolan . Eddie . ( LAUGHS ) Oh ! ( LAUGHS ) ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) EDDIE : So what kind of town would give a knuckle-dragging grunt like you a badge ? - They were desperate . - I guess . - Gonna need your sidearm , Eddie . - ( CHUCKLES ) Yeah , right . Come on . It 's the way things work here . You get your steel back on the way out . ( RIPPING ) ( GUN CLANKS ) All of them . You 're gonna leave me naked here , No-Man ? - So you seen Cooper lately ? - Meh Yewll , correct ? Do these townspeople know about your many scientific achievements during the Pale Wars ? Don 't worry . I 'm not interested in sharing this information . I 'm a big fan of your work . The Biodyne Project . Pure genius . EDDIE : So you look good . - ( CLEARS THROAT ) For an old man . - Hmm . You look like shtako . Oh , I 'm sorry , honey . I didn 't have a chance to freshen up . I 've been a little busy chasing down that slippery son of a bitch . Who is he ? I 've never seen a drop-blast that strong . Oh , he 's just some pyro on the run from the Earth Republic . Got his face off a wanted poster in Yuma . So when did a nice boy like you start chasing bounties ? Hard times , my friend , unlike you . I kind of like it , though . I 'm out in the fresh air . I keep my own hours . Shoot interesting people . I 'd appreciate your help in getting me out of this cell . Consider it a professional courtesy . I 'm afraid you have me confused with someone else . Deputy . ( WHISPERS ) I never forget a face . ( KEYS JINGLE ) Come on , just remand him into my custody . A signature here , a thumbprint there . Bam , he 's not your headache any more . - Yeah ? - ( GATE CLANKS ) What am I gonna tell the grocer who lost his leg to this guy ? You tell him he 's gonna get prosecuted by the Earth Republic . They 're right behind me . - I 'll turn him right over to them . - ( DOOR OPENS ) So I just got word from Cedars . There 's a reason why this guy 's running around with crystalline drop-blasts . He invented them . NOLAN : Invented ' em ? - So that 's Pol Madis . - TOMMY : That 's Pol Madis . All right , I 'm sorry . But I didn 't lie . The man is a pyro . He 's a weapons designer . The weapons designer . The guy invented chemo-tracts , Eddie , - the stuff that burnt ... - I know he 's a monster . That stuff wiped out half our unit . That 's why I want to deliver him to the Earth Republic . They 'll prosecute him for war crimes and hang his ass . Must be a hell of a payday . What is it ? 500 , 600K ? Yeah , something like that . So what ? I gotta earn . I 'm not like you . ( EXHALES ) I need a real drink . EDDIE : You 've pulled your share of stunts , pal . Hey , you stole Varus ' Libera Nova gem . - Must have made a fat profit off that . - I see people have been talking out west . Yeah , biggest cartel boss in the Bay Area gets jacked , word gets around . How much did you clear ? - It got clutched . - Oh , it got clutched ? Spirit Riders ambushed me in the B-lands . - Dumb-ass . ( CHUCKLES ) - ( DOOR CLOSES ) - Friggin ' I-raths . - Yeah . Six burn victims total . Talak Gundun just regained consciousness . Holy hell . ( SCOFFS ) No-Man , is ... Irisa ? - NOLAN : Little taller . - Wow . Irisa , this is Eddie Braddock . We fought together in the 9th . Uncle Eddie . She doesn 't remember . Well , it was a long time ago . You were yea tall , about the cutest thing I 'd ever seen . Until you tried to bite my finger off . - That 'll teach you where to point it . - Too true . Incredible . I thought you would have dropped her off with some I-raths . You raised her like a human daughter ? - Tried to . - ( SIGHS ) You see , you 're a good man , which is why you 're gonna give me Pol Madis . You don 't stop . I got six people in the infirmary . Pol Madis needs to answer for that , here , in this town , among these people . Ever since I got out , I have been scraping . I have been scavenging , and I 've got nothing to show for it . I need this . It 's what I got . - EDDIE : Okay , it 's time for Plan B. - What 's Plan B ? I get ass-plastered and find me a good whore . Hey , gorgeous . Come here . What can I do for you ? Well , it seems I 've come into some scrip . ( LAUGHS ) Kenya , this is Eddie Braddock , an old war buddy of mine . Eddie , this is Kenya . Nice to meet you . Wait a second , are you two ... Ah . So this fine woman must be in need of a real man . Yeah , well , that counts you out then . EDDIE : Buddy , I would never get between you and a woman , unless you 're in a sharing mood . And I would never get between a woman and her work . Lady 's choice . Come on , sweetheart . Come . Hmm . Nolan always did have great taste . Come here . Oh . - Shoot . - What ? I 'm so sorry . I completely forgot that I have a client in five minutes . Ah , I see . - I 'm your guy 's buddy , so ... - Are you kidding ? I would chup Nolan 's brother if he had the scrip . I just mixed up my schedule . But wait . I will not leave you wanting . ( DOOR OPENS ) Girls . Mmm-hmm . Meet Ceci and Midge . On the house . ( GIRLS GIGGLING ) Girls , don 't forget to show him the six-legged monkey crawl . ( BOTH GIGGLE ) Oh , yes , I do want to see that . We get Pol Madis out of town , it 's a win-win situation for everyone . Not for me . Not for Defiance . And I already sent the word to Earth Republic . They should be on their way . Since when have you been so eager to get the E-Rep into town ? ( SIGHS ) I 'm negotiating an extradition agreement . This war criminal is a bargaining chip . We give them Pol Madis , they give us rights of way for the Mag-Lev railroad . Rights that we could never afford without this leverage . Extradition orders take time . You could be out of office by the time you get those easements . We do it my way , Madis is on the first roller out of town , the E-Rep gets him even faster , and you buy yourself more goodwill . And that first roller just happens to belong to your old buddy . - I know I can trust him . - A bounty hunter . The reward just guarantees he 's going to hand him straight to the Earth Republic . How much of that jaja 's ending up in your pocket ? I 'm not making a dime . Then why hand over one of the most-wanted criminals on this continent to a scavenger ? He 's my friend . You 're pretty good to your friends . This guy ... We 've been through hell and back together . I owe him . - I admire that . I do , but ... - I 'm just asking that you think about it . ( SLOW POP MUSIC PLAYING ) Quentin , darling . How nice to see you . ( LAUGHS ) Hey , Aunt Nicky . Always with your head in a book . That 's good . Luke was pretty on the eyes , but you 're the smart one , Quentin . What are you reading these days ? This is just a book I found on my dad 's shelf . NICKY : These symbols . How interesting . Distinctive , aren 't they ? I saw these when your father gave me a tour of the mines . They were on a cave wall . Oh , you must have seen them . You and Luke practically grew up in those mines . Well , you keep feeding that intellect of yours , Quentin . And give your father my love . Makes perfect sense . What ? Luke had it with him when he died . The young brother has found it . The kid has the artefact ? For the time being . ( BLADE SCRAPING ) - Want to come back to my place later ? - What 's at your place ? Me . I 'm at my place . And a bed . A couple of drinks . Forget I even asked . Stay seated . You know , maybe it 's just a human thing , but usually when a person gets invited somewhere , they give some sort of indication as to a yes or a no . No . Thank you . Excuse me , sir . Can I have some water please ? And some salt ? KENYA : This is completely unacceptable . I 've never not been able to do my job . Well , the good news is Nolan doesn 't have a lot of friends , so the odds of this situation ever happening again are pretty low . The odds are nil . It 's not gonna happen again . Are you breaking up with him ? Breaking up implies that we 're some kind of a couple . You 're falling in love for the first time since Hunter , - and it scares the hell ... - Oh , Amanda . I 'm supposed to take love advice from a woman whose last boyfriend was a vibro ? ( HUFFS ) Just don 't pull the rip cord before you jump . Look , Nolan is a cocky , stubborn pain in the ass , but he 's a good guy . - He 's not like Hunter Bell . - Stop . It 's okay , Ken . Exactly what kind of questions was she asking you ? About the caves , the glyphs . It 's like she knew I had it . - Get rid of it , right now . - What ? No . Take it to the mines , throw it into Dante 's Drop , and let it melt into slag . But , Dad , I 'm finally getting somewhere with my research . There was an earthquake here in 1811 , based on the pocket watch , the bones . That 's exactly when those people - were buried down there . - So what ? It 's the first recorded earthquake in this area . What , you think it 's a coincidence that they were down there ? It doesn 't matter . Nicolette Riordan is a dangerous woman . - If she 's interested in that thing , it 's trouble . - I 'm not afraid of her . Well , you 'd better be . Your brother was murdered with that thing hidden in his bedroom . It connects him with the Volge attack . It also connects you , me and your sister . I want it gone . ( RUMBLING IN THE DISTANCE ) ( SNIFFS ) ( NOLAN GROANS ) It creeps me out when you do that . It creeps me out waking up to your ugly butt asleep on my floor . - ( GRUNTS ) - Kenya busy ? Yeah , with Uncle Eddie . Why does he call you No-Man ? Um , it doesn 't take much to get a nickname in war . I was caught behind enemy lines once . No man 's land . A dumb name . I don 't like him . Eddie 's rough around the edges , but he 's been good to me . Been good to both of us . I still don 't like him . ( BOOMING EXPLOSION ) ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) MAN : Where 'd it come from ? MAN 2 : I don 't know , one guy 's out ! Check on Tommy . MAN 1 : Get the body . - He all right ? - Yeah . Thanks . ( GRUNTS ) What 's the matter with you ? I see you found yourself another gun . You know I got a bad shoulder . - What the hell is this ? - You blasted our way out of Calexico with it . Strafing powder . Yeah , and you know the recipe better than anyone . One part table salt , two parts water , and presto , you got yourself a nice little boom . You think I did this ? If I had busted him out , do you think I 'd still be here ? I 'd be looking at Defiance in the rear-view with the haint tranqued in the backseat . Come on , Nolan . I would never do that to you . ( EXHALES ) ( SIGHS ) I could use a shooter . - Best one this side of the Storm Divide . - Second best . We 've set up a perimeter , we 've got roadblocks both ways at Bissel Pass . Good , and when we get him , he 's mine . We 'll see . I guess we will . ( INDISTINCT SHOUTING ) Skunk-ox gloves , half off . Scarves , three for one . Get them while you can . Skunk-ox gloves , half off . Skunk-ox gloves . Hey . What do you think you 're doing ? That is my case . I stashed it here yesterday . - You obviously took it . - Yeah ? How do I know it 's yours ? I 'll unlock it and show you . ( LOCKS CLICKING ) What is all this ? Medicinals . I 'm a pharmacist . Then this stuff is valuable to you . Yes , that 's why I 'd like to pay you for your trouble . Scrip 's in the back pocket . This isn 't money . What are you trying to pull ? Shh . No need to be agitated , not with your heart condition . I don 't have a heart condition . That 's not what the coroner will say . - ( DEVICE WHIRS , SPARKS ) - ( GRUNTS ) KAZHA : Madame Mayor , the envoy from the Earth Republic - is here to see you . - AMANDA : Great . I wonder which corrupt baby-kisser they 're sending us this time . Well , I prefer pinching cheeks these days . - Germs and all . - This is Connor Lang . They sent you ? I volunteered . I 'm with the General Assembly now . I represent the Fourth Province . Congratulations . - Kazha , could you give us a moment ? - Certainly . Congratulations to you , Madame Mayor . It 's , uh , very impressive . Shouldn 't you be hobnobbing with the President , - making the world a better place ? - I am . Pol Madis needs to be captured . Sadly , a certain self-proclaimed city-state couldn 't hold one man in one small cell . - Madis had help . - He did . Your lawkeeper 's incompetence . Well , he 's not getting very far . You saw the roadblocks on your way in . And that 's supposed to contain him ? He 's eluded the Earth Republic for years . When my lawkeeper finds him , which he will , we can negotiate the terms of his extradition . There are no terms . Madis put six of my citizens in the hospital . One man lost a limb . Justice is served in Defiance . And the E-Rep gets the leftovers . Is that what you were about to say ? No . Okay , maybe . ( BOTH LAUGH ) ( SIGHS ) Let 's try this again . Okay . Earth Republic grants Defiance irrevocable rights of way for the Oklahoma City stretch of the Mag-Lev . In exchange , I give you Pol Madis . - Once you find him . - When we find him . I always loved that unwavering sense of confidence , but you better hurry . A caravan of rollers will be in Defiance in less than two hours . Earth Republic has no jurisdiction here . He 's an international war criminal . And off the record , if he 's not in your custody by the time they arrive , they 're under orders to tear this town apart brick by brick until they find him . So you 're the good cop ? Sorry . This comes from the top . ( DOOR OPENS ) I searched him head to toe . He was clean . NOLAN : Someone slipped him some strafing powder . - Who ? - Why don 't you tell us ? Are you insinuating that I had something to do with his escape ? - It wouldn 't shock me . - We 're just going door-to-door , Doc . You two Votans were quite chatty . Bedside manner . A little pleasant palaver . The man 's a war criminal . I don 't imagine you were talking about the weather . No , we were talking about how funny humans look when they 're enraged . - Really ? - Hey . You hear anything , you let us know . ( WHISTLING ) I hope you don 't mind . I 'm famished . What are you doing in my home ? When heaven falls to Earth , peace shall reign . You 're with the Votanis Collective . Pol Madis . Pleasure to meet you . Thank you for your care package . I thought I 'd never get out of that cage . I don 't know what you 're talking about . State your business . I was told by an operative in Cedars that you were a comrade , that you could get me to Brazil . Yes , of course . Well , you belong in the Votan capital , not here . I 'll smuggle you out in one of my delivery rollers . I 'll make a call on my hailer right now . No ! No need to rush . Here . Join me for some bulgur ashkhan . I 'm told by many a Casti my recipe reminds them of home . 'Of home " ? Hmm ? ( BOTH LAUGH ) - Mmm . - Hmm . Indeed , it does . Most Casti believe that the culinary arts are a woman 's domain , but I consider myself progressive . Consider yourself gone . Leave this house at once . Get out . Now . - You sure you want to do this ? - I support the Votanis Collective . I believe we need a nation to call our own . But I have worked hard to make a home here , to become a respected member of the community , and after your pyrotechnics , your presence in this house jeopardizes all of it . You 're a disgrace to everything the Collective stands for . Watch yourself . Getting fat off human avarice in your multi-tiered house with your three baths a day , pledging allegiance to whatever culture will take you the furthest , and every month , you send off your bundle of scrip to Brazil , all to ease the guilt of leaving your parents to die . You smug shtek . I 'm hard-pressed to think of a reason not to shoot you on the spot . Can you think of one ? Your life may very well depend on what you say next . ( GROANS ) Does it feel like indigestion ? It 's not . ( GUN CLATTERS ) It 's the nano-tab I slipped into the ashkhan . Yummy , huh ? ( GROANS ) Sends a nice little zap of energy directly into your nerve endings - whenever I want it to . - Make it stop ! ( GROANING ) I can dial it down . Ahh . ( PANTING ) And I can dial it up . ( SCREAMS ) - Ouch , right ? - Make it stop ! ( GRUNTS ) What do you want from me ? ( GROANS ) Seconds , I think . For a start . - ( WHIMPERING ) - ( MADIS WHISTLES ) LUKE : I wouldn 't do that . Hold on to it . - Dad said to throw ... - Dad doesn 't understand . Trust me . I 'm not gonna steer you wrong . ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Viper four , tighten your perimeter along Doran Ridge . - Over . - VIPER FOUR : ( ON RADIO ) Copy that . That hooker friend of yours , she likes you , man . Yeah ? What position were you in when she told you that ? Standing , fully clothed . - Too drunk to chup ? - Never . She cut me loose . Well , you got to learn to use deodorant . I know women , Nolan . This one 's into you . - ( CHUCKLES ) You know women ? - ( CHUCKLES ) Yeah . Is that why one tried to chop your hose off ? Why would you even bring that up ? - That girl was just plain crazy . - Uh-huh . ( DOORBELL CHIMES ) What should I say ? I recommend something smart . Lawkeeper Nolan . What can I do for you ? Sorry to bother you , Tarr . We 're looking for the bomber , door-to-door . - Mind if we take a look ? - No , please . By all means . Do you have reason to believe he 's hiding here ? No , not necessarily . You 're a Casti , he 's a Casti . Do the math . We may be of the same origin , but that 's where the similarity ends . The man is a psychopath . He should be publicly dismembered on a cleansing rack . ( GROANS SOFTLY ) You had any word from your boys in the Hollows ? Not yet , but I 'll make inquiries at once . When Madis shows his face , you 'll be the first to know . - Well , thank you for your cooperation . - You 're very welcome . It 's nice to see you both . Enjoy the rest of your day . ( DOOR OPENS ) ( DOOR CLOSES ) Well done . Hmm . ( SOFTLY ) Come . Let 's go for a ride . DATAK : How am I supposed to get you past the checkpoint ? MADIS : Improvise . You know , I 've been thinking . You 're absolutely right . I 've let my ambition override my sense of duty . The Votanis Collective should be my priority . It must be . I 'll devote more time to the cause , more money , whatever the V.C. Needs . ( LAUGHS ) No , I 'm serious . I couldn 't give a kanga-rat 's balls about the Votanis Collective . I just like killing people . Yeah , you get it , don 't you ? That there is the face of a man who knows he may never see his family again . I can see it in your eyes . Go ahead . Kill me . I 'll piss on you from high and haunt you for eternity , you sick gwoke . ( LAUGHS ) ( SOUND OF TRUCK APPROACHING ) Aah ! All right , out of the car . Come on ! ( GRUNTS ) That 's the way . How did you know he was with me ? Back in the house ? You were nice . ( CHUCKLES ) Tommy ! Take Mr Tarr home . - Come on . - ( GRUNTS ) - What about Madis ? - I got this . You go on . ( GRUNTING ) Go on . ( CAR DOOR CLOSES ) ( CAR ENGINE STARTS ) Buddy , couldn 't have done it without you , man . - Thank you . - Now , you get him the hell out of here before I change my mind . Hey , after I collect , on my way down to Antarctica , - I 'm gonna swing by Defiance . - ( LAUGHS ) Buy you a big night of drinks for your trouble . But I warn you . If you haven 't done right by that sweet girlfriend of yours , I 'm gonna head upstairs , give her something to hang her towel on . Washcloth , maybe . - Funny . - And you . Yeah . Have fun with the Earth Republic . I hope your execution is slow and painful . By " execution , " I assume you mean an estate with a pool , hunting grounds and my very own lab . The only reason I 've been dodging the Earth Republic is because I can get a better financial package from the Votanis Collective . Everybody wants me , but not for hanging . - You knew about this . - Does it matter ? Another war is gonna start with or without Pol Madis . Maybe so , but his W.M.D. S don 't have to be a part of it ! Look , man , you heard your squawker . Earth Rep is gonna be here any minute . You 'll never get him back to Defiance . Come on , you were the one who said we 're not politicians , we 're soldiers . You 're right . ( GUNSHOT ) What is wrong with you ? It felt right . Corporal Joshua " No-Man " Nolan . Leave no man standing on the battlefield ! Kill ' em all ! Let God sort it out ! I was counting on that gwoke-ing scrip ! You don 't need to do this to make a buck ! Come on , you can come back to Defiance with me . Learn a little self-restraint , I 'll make you a deputy . ( LAUGHS ) I 'm gonna learn self-restraint from you ? You trigger-happy son of a bitch ! - You calm down . - Calm ... You want me to calm down ? If I can 't collect on Pol Madis , I 'm collecting on you . Turn around . What are you doing ? Varus was never gonna let you walk away with his Libera Nova gem . I 'm sorry , Nolan . There 's a quarter-mil bounty on your head . Come on , Eddie . This isn 't you . You see , that 's where you 're wrong . This is me . This is who I am now , the kind of guy that 'd stab his best friend in the back . Six years in an E.M.C. Prison . Do you have any idea what that 's like ? I know . I 'm sorry , Eddie . - Is that why you never came to visit me ? - I had Irisa . I had to protect her . I clocked those MPs , remember ? I stole the roller to get her away ! She would 've died in a refugee camp - if it weren 't for me . - I know ! You got to raise her ! You got to be a father , a hero . What did I get ? I got caught . Eddie , it wasn 't right . No , it wasn 't ! It wasn 't right , and it 's my turn to get what 's mine ! Ah ... Just kill me . Come on , kill me like you did Pol Madis ! You 're good at it , No-Man ! You 're right . You set me and Irisa free . You got every right to call in that marker . So I tell you what , you deliver me to Varus . But you 're gonna promise me one thing . You tell him that Irisa is dead . Okay ? She has to be safe . That 's the only thing that matters . EDDIE : Shtako . - NOLAN : I can handle this . - No , you can 't . You have no idea how important Madis was to them . ( BEEPING ) - CONNOR : Drop your weapons . - MALE VOICE : ( ON RADIO ) Copy that . This is Representative Lang , Fourth Province . Stand down and wait for further instructions . - ( BEEP ) - Caravan zebra , copy that . What the hell happened here ? Sir , I 'm the lawkeeper at Defiance . I was in pursuit of this ... You are way out of your jurisdiction , lawman ! This is murder of a man who was supposed to be taken alive . - Do you understand the consequences ... - I did it . Yeah , I 've been waiting a long time to put a bullet in Pol Madis . Well , you 'll spend a lot longer locked up for it . Bag the body . Take some photos first . - CREWMAN : Yes , sir . Double time , damn it . - NOLAN : What the hell are you thinking ? Eddie , you don 't have to do this . You 've got a daughter in Defiance . She needs you . Yeah , but you don 't have to be the one that takes the fall . Come on , are we gonna do this , or what ? You know , I 've never heard of anyone being in a rush to get to Vegas . Oh , I 'm not . But a lot can happen between here and Vegas , sunshine . Eddie . You 'd do the same for me . CREWMAN : Let 's move it . ( DOOR CLOSING ) ( MUFFLED YELLING ) ( GRUNTING ) You can do it , Q. You 're stronger than you think . Do it , Quentin ! You have to ! ( CHOKING ) ( PANTING ) ( SLOW ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) Hey , you . You look like you 've seen better days . Yes , I have . So you want to get together later ? I 'm booked . - When do you turn in ? - I 'm not . Wow , an all-nighter . That sounds expensive . There 's no client . You 're just ... You 're not my type . ( CLEARS THROAT ) You want me to drink this ? We are gonna have a toast , and then we 're gonna talk a little bit about your uncle . - I don 't have an uncle . - Yes , you do . I 'm a little dehydrated back here . Can I get some water , a couple of salt tablets ? Yeah . Sure . ( GRUNTS )
