 IRISA : Previously on Defiance ... These visions of yours , if they are somehow connected to ... If ? They are real ! I 'm not like you . I 'm an alien . You are the Chosen One . Chosen for what ? Can you accept that our mission is a holy one ? Where have I ever belonged ? I am throwing my hat into the ring as candidate for Mayor of Defiance ! It 's over . Yes , I suppose it is . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) AMANDA : There would be no Defiance without Mayor Nicolette Riordan . She believed a mining camp could become a real town . A real community . We all have our stories . ( CHUCKLING ) I was working as a janitor scrubbing floors at the Darby building . Nicky saw me one night and she said , " Honey , you 're scrubbing that floor like it 's the most important job of your life . ' Then she made me her new assistant . I was a nobody . ( WIND HOWLING ) Nicky treated me like an equal . She had a way of making you feel like you were the most important person in the room . AMANDA : I 'll miss her . - Amen to that . - Hear , hear . DATAK : Hear , hear , indeed . Nicolette was , as you humans say , " A tough act to follow . ' Yet follow it we must . Which is why I hope to restore the tradition of wise leadership , accept the help of our friends at the Earth Republic and avoid the tragic missteps of these past few months . To Mayor Nicky . ALL : To Mayor Nicky . ( SONG PLAYING ) I just want to kick him in the TUN-gaz . - Assuming you could find them . - ( CHUCKLES ) I mean , this is a wake . There 's no place for politics . Kick his ass in the debate tomorrow . A couple of shots to the gut and you 'll hear the hot air rushing out all over town . ( LAUGHING ) Politics is war by other means . Or so they say . Colonel Marsh . ( MOBILE BEEPS ) Talk to me . What 's up ? - I gotta go take care of something . - Okay . So , what are you doing here ? I came to pay my respects to another old soldier . So , this election of yours is gonna be a close one . I like my chances . You know , if you accepted our endorsement , it would cut Datak Tarr off at the knees . Yeah , and there 's always a price with you people . I prefer to think of it as a quid pro quo . We would protect you from any and all your enemies . - Vini ? - Hmm . What enemies ? I would hate to see this town torn apart by alien barbarians . We 're pretty good with alien barbarians . It 's kind of our thing . Ms Rosewater , Defiance could use a friend like the Earth Republic . Good luck with that . " I took her hand in mine and we went out of the ruined place , " and as the morning mists had risen long ago when I first left the forge , " so the evening mists were rising now . " And in all the broad expanse of tranquil light they showed to me , " I saw no shadow of another parting from her ... ' Hey ! ( WINDS HOWLING ) You don 't want to hear the rest of this ? Well , come on . ( WHIRRING ) ( MOANS ) ( IRISA SCREAMING ) Irisa ! ( IRISA MOANING ) No ! - What 's wrong ? - Oh , I can 't feel my legs ! ( THEME MUSIC PLAYING ) NOLAN : I 'm glad to see you 're up and walking around . I don 't need to be here . I already told you , I 'm fine . You told Tommy you couldn 't feel your legs . I said not to call him . TOMMY : Yeah , and if I hadn 't , he would have blown my head off . NOLAN : You got that right . So , what do you think 's going on with her ? DOC : If I had to guess , I 'd say it was a psychosomatic reaction ... ( GROANS ) She seems fine now . NOLAN : What do her tests show ? DOC : Nothing unusual so far . NOLAN : Right . So you 're gonna run some more ? If she lets me . She 's not exactly the easiest patient , you know . NOLAN : I 'll talk to her . - ( SCREAMS ) - ( LAUGHTER ) DOC : Can I help you ? - That tickles . - I thought you liked that . I do . Normally . It 's just ... Maybe this isn 't such a good idea today . What 's wrong ? I 'm sorry . I have to go . Stahma . I 'm supposed to be helping out at the campaign tent . I need to get back before I 'm missed . You just got here . What 's happened ? If this is about this ... Everything is not about this or us or you ! There is a limit to what I can share with a prostitute . I 'm sorry . Oh , do you think it bothers me that you look down on me ? It doesn 't . I should not have said that . I 'm upset . My mind was elsewhere . So why don 't you get your body to go join it ? Get out . And I 'm gonna be a very generous prostitute and I 'm only gonna charge you for half the hour . ( SIGHS ) What is it , Stahma ? I can 't tell you . Yes , you can . If I tell you , I 'll only put your life in danger too . Now you 're gonna have to tell me . It 's his damn pride . To lose the election would be a ve-o-nu-va-NA-wo . A great shaming . Promise me no one will know that this came from me . Promise ! He 's planning on having her killed . Having who killed ? Your sister . AMANDA : He wouldn 't dare . Datak has too much invested in this town to risk getting caught . Castithans aren 't like us . They 'll kill in order to avoid humiliation . Who gave you this information ? A client . I can 't say who . ( SIGHS ) - Don 't be ridiculous . Come on . - I 'm gonna need to talk to your source . I 'm sorry . This person risked a lot to tell me this , so please respect that . - Okay . Is your source credible ? - Yes . All right . Then we have to take it seriously . We move the debate . You can broadcast from the Arch . - I can 't hide . - Market Square is too exposed . And what am I supposed to do ? Have Datak tell everyone I 'm too afraid to face my own people ? No , what you 're not supposed to do is stake yourself like a goat ... - The debate stays as scheduled . ... where he can get you . I trust you with my life . You will keep me safe and we will beat Datak Tarr . DATAK : Murder my opponent ? A novel approach to victory , to be sure . Just so we 're clear . Anything happens to Amanda between now and the election , anything at all , she slips in the shower , ( CHUCKLES ) Chokes on a chicken bone , it doesn 't matter . I will come to your house in the dead of night , press a pillow over your face , and then I 'll empty my gun in it . And they say humans lack a sense of poetry . Raiga . Hey , little man . You sent for me ? You disappointed me at your wedding . I was wondering what you intended to do about this . Look , Dad , I 'm really sorry . It meant a lot to Christie and I was just trying to act like a good husband . I was wrong to shame the man who gave me life . I have disgraced the Shanje Liro . I beg your forgiveness . My forgiveness must be earned . My arm is your will . Your arm is my will . Now get up . I 've got an important job for you . ( LAUGHS ) The shaming ritual ? Are we back on Casti or what ? Did he make you get down on your knees ? Did you shake your ass like a Liberata scullery maid ? Yeah , and it 's not funny . My dad 's a RA-thi NU-ve YEN-kit-so . I 'll say . You still looking for a way into his crew ? You serious ? - I think I know a way . - It 's a sweet life . Enormous respect . ( LAUGHS ) My dad needs me to do something for him but it can 't be traced back to him , so I can 't do it myself . If you do this , my dad will be grateful . What is it ? Something bad . I 'm bad . Damn right , you 're bad . I 'm a scary-bad motherfucker . ( LAUGHING ) You are a RA-thi NU-ve YEN-kit-so . BAILEY : Welcome to the 2046 Mayoral debate . I am Councilwoman Bailey Riggs , moderator . I want to thank you all for showing up on this soggy day . - Challenger , Mr Datak Tarr . - ( CHEERING ) CROWD : All right ! Yay ! Incumbent Mayor Amanda Rosewater . - Yeah ! - ( CHEERING ) We look forward to hearing everything you have to say . - Cover for me . - Where you going ? I have to do something . We 're on high alert right now . The debate 's about to start . Why do I even try ? Sure you can hit her from up here ? Yeah . All right , I gotta go down to the audience . Remember , right between the eyes . - A scary bad motherfucker . - Scary bad motherfucker . My opponent does not recognise that this town does not have the wherewithal to deal with a Volge attack , nuclear reactor bombs , hell bugs , razor rain . If we 'd have let the Earth Republic assist us , all of these disasters might have been averted . Now , we are part of a larger community . Mutual security is in everyone 's interest . With the Earth Republic at our side , this town will only prosper and grow . I truly believe that this is what 's best for this town . ( CROWD CHEERING ) Well , I 'm glad he got that off his chest . Mr Tarr is such a big fan of the Earth Republic , it makes me wonder how many of their towns he 's actually visited ? Like Cedars , where people stand in line for a loaf of bread . Or New Las Cruces , where miners ' wages have been cut and Echelon enforcers are sent in if they object . The Earth Republic doesn 't give a damn about us . - That is utterly false ! - Oh , let me finish . - The Earth Republic cares about ... - Mr Tarr , stop interrupting . And why should they care ? They don 't live here , we do . And we have miners that make a decent wage , and bread that doesn 't break the bank , and we also have the security of knowing that if we screw up , it 's our own fault . Which means we also have a chance of fixing it . Not a bad deal , if you ask me . ( INDISTINCT TALKING ) ( INAUDIBLE ) Gun ! Gun ! Gun ! ( CROWD SCREAMING ) No ! It was a paintball gun ! You killed him ! It was just supposed to be a prank ! ( COUNCIL CLAMOURING ) DATAK : No , no , no . Listen , listen ! I demand to know what actions you 're taking against the lawkeeper . The weapon was a toy ! Yeah , well , it looked like one helluva a real weapon , pointed at the Mayor 's head . It could just as easily have been a real gun . Nolan had no choice . The lawkeeper never asked him to drop the weapon . He just fired . - Nolan received reliable intelligence . - What sort of intelligence ? - That there would be juvenile mischief ? - It was an accident . I 'll tell that to his parents . One that would have never happened if the kid wasn 't stupid enough to pull a weapon , real or not . Hell , I woulda shot him , too . I wonder if the lawkeeper would 've pulled the trigger if Kupak Kurr 's skin was a few shades darker . - Mr Tarr , that is inflammatory ! - How dare you pull the race card ! You hired an Ark hunter . A scavenger who 'd never worn a badge in his life . He has saved this town on numerous occasions . I move that he 's stripped of his badge and arrested . - Agreed . - As long as I am Mayor , I stand by Lawkeeper Nolan 100 % . We stand by the Mayor . - Thank you . - WOMAN : Agreed . Let the record show that the lawkeeper has the unwavering support of Mayor Rosewater . ( CHANTING ) I messed up . I so messed up . I should never have left my post . Kiddo , if you had been there , you would have taken exactly the same shot I did . If one of us has to take the heat for this , it 's better it 's me . I have to ask , though . Where did you go ? You think Datak set you up ? Probably . Didn 't make me shoot to kill , though . I did that . - Don 't . - I could have winged him . You draw a gun , you aim to kill . Yeah , I taught you that . You really gotta stop listening to me . I 'm an idiot . Did you know ? Did I know what ? When you asked me to get one of my friends to paintball Amanda , you knew that the lawkeeper was gonna be there . Did you know he was gonna shoot ? What a brave boy . The courage it took to look your father squarely in the eye and question his motives . Some sons would fear their father 's wrath . But not a son of the Shanje Liro . Not a son of the House of Tarr . Your mother is correct . I 'm proud of you , my son . Come . Let 's finish this unfortunate business . ( SIGHS ) Mr and Mrs Kurr ... I offer you my deepest condolences . Sir , I know nothing I say can bring back your boy . I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am . DATAK : Welcome into our homes . As a town council member who cares deeply about the safety and well-being of our citizens , I felt compelled to share information I 've just discovered - about our lawkeeper , Joshua Nolan . - ( FEEDBACK ON MIC ) The reckless killing of Kupak Kurr was not the first time he 's taken an innocent life . There is a trail of wrongful death in this man 's wake , beginning in the Pale Wars . Datak-chupping Tarr . Our lawkeeper participated in a series of war time atrocities including the Yosemite massacre , where 98 human and 112 Votan civilians were slaughtered . Nolan and the 11 others in his platoon were brought up in front of court-martial . I think that this is my fault . In transcripts , his superior officer described Lieutenant Nolan as , a quote " killing machine . " But let 's not take his word for it . Let 's hear it from Nolan himself . Here is the recording from his trial . This is how he defended himself . NOLAN : ( ON RECORDING ) We 're out there every day putting our asses on the line . Why ? To protect all you armchair generals ... MAN : ( ON RECORDING ) Did you or did you not ignore a direct order from your superiors ? NOLAN : ( ON RECORDING ) ... protect you from the haints and the I-rath death squads . From every greasy alien piece of trash that came down in the Arks and tried to wipe us off the face of our own planet . So , yeah , if some 12-year-old fur ball with a cold fire blaster comes at me or one of my buddies , I 'm not gonna waste time worrying if he 's just some poor kid ... - MAN : ( ON RECORDING ) You are out of order ! ... who just lost his daddy . I 'm gonna put two in his chest and another in his head just to make sure . Following his tainted military career , he admittedly spent years as a roaming scavenger . Whatever crimes he committed then , there 's no record of . But there is a record of the town council meeting this afternoon . Where Mayor Rosewater declared , and I quote , " I stand behind Lawkeeper Nolan 100 % . " A lawkeeper whom she never vetted , yet happily gave a gun and badge to . A decision that ended up in the killing of an innocent boy . I thank you for your time . It 's been a good ride . I 'm not letting you resign . I 'm not resigning . You 're firing me . Then you 're gonna publicly disavow me . You 're gonna say that I 'm a loose cannon , that I 'm fit for fighting off Volge marauders , but not fit to uphold the law . I 'm not gonna say anything like that . You heard my words on the radio . Everyone did . That was who you were , it 's not who you are . Does it matter ? This town was built on new beginnings . I 'm going on the radio to defend you . That is exactly what Datak wants . My military file is sealed . The only way Datak could 've got his hands on that is if he 's in bed with the Earth Republic and your good buddy Colonel Marsh . I know how this game works . You go public , you 'll be seen as doubling down on me and I am a bad bet . I 'm not debating this . They 're counting on you to get emotional . And if you do , you 're gonna lose the election . - Chup the election ! - Really ? Yes . If Datak wins this election , he 's gonna kick open the doors to Colonel Marsh and his E-Rep goons . And a year from now , you won 't even recognise this place , and it certainly will not be one you want to live in . I care about this town . I 'm not going to be the thing that kills it . You 're leaving . Do the right thing . ( INDISTINCT CHATTER ) ( GRUNTING ) RAFE : Enough ! Bring him over here . Paintball gun , huh ? I didn 't know Nolan was gonna shoot . ( PANTING ) It was supposed to be a joke . Well , I guess the joke 's on your dead friend and my daughter for marrying a little pecker-head like you . And me for allowing it . ( CHUCKLES ) I 'm so sorry . If I could go back and do it over again ... You can 't . Look forward . Because if you disappoint me for a second time , if you again act in a manner unworthy of my baby girl , your marriage will end , and I do not believe in divorce . Capisce ? Good boy . ( BANGING ON DOOR ) Stahma ! Stahma ! - You 're a liar . - Did anyone else see you come in ? You and your husband set Nolan up to kill that kid so that my sister would take the fall . What happened was a tragedy . I 'm gonna tell everybody . The election is over tomorrow . Nothing you say can change the result . I 'm not looking to change the results of the election . I 'm looking to hurt you . I am going to tell your husband everything about you and me . ( LAUGHS ) Kenya . He already knows . He doesn 't care . No . You wouldn 't do that . You wouldn 't tell him everything . He has no idea that you 've been chupping his favourite whore . It 's gonna destroy your marriage . It 's gonna ruin your social standing . What was that phrase ? It would be a great ve-o-nu-va-NA-wo . This will end very badly for you . Why , Stahma ? Why are you like this ? Your husband is so cruel . You 're capable of a lot of things , and you just let him dominate you . I love him . And not in the way a human female clings to an abusive lover . I love Datak because of his cruelty . It 's proof of his strength , his willingness to do whatever it takes to achieve his goals . We are a team . I treasure that . You 're pathetic . And you 're alone . ( THUNDER RUMBLING ) ( GRUNTS ) Hello , Lawkeeper . Or should I simply call you Joshua ? Seeing as you 're no longer wearing a badge . " Killing machine . ' " Butcher of Yosemite " is a good one . Take your pick . They both work . Is this a re-enactment of your frontier mythology ? As you can see , I have no firearm . Ah , a fair fight ? Well , it 's hardly my default . But seeing as you 're leaving ... ( GRUNTS ) I 'm going to enjoy this . ( GRUNTING ) ( YELLING ) ( CHOKING ) ( GRUNTS ) ( SCREAMING ) ( THUNDER CRACKING ) I 'm done with this town . ( DATAK LAUGHING ) No GYAAN-du-ra to finish the job ! ( WIND HOWLING ) - Just like old times . - Are you sure about this ? NOLAN : This town 's played out for us . ( SCREAMS ) - Hey ! Hey , what 's wrong ? - I can 't stand . ( SCREAMING ) Okay , all right . Doc ? Doc ! Doc ! Get her on the table . She just collapsed and started screaming . Flip her over . - ( SCREAMING ) - ( SHUSHING ) - Darn . What are you doing ? - Anaesthesia . I need to operate . - No way . - Back off . - What the hell is that ? - Votan parasite . It attacks the spinal nerves . I need to get it out now or she 'll be permanently paralysed . - All right . What do you need me to do ? - Wait outside . No . I 'm not leaving her . You have done your job . Let me do mine . Wait outside ! You 're gonna be fine , kiddo . Everything 's gonna be fine . ( SCREAMING ) ( SOBBING ) ( INDISTINCT CHANTING ) ( WHISPERING ) Become . ( RATTLING ) ( SCREAMS ) Doc ! Where is she ? Where 's my daughter ? Irisa ! Portions of McCawley 's mining claims were deeded to the Irathients in perpetuity . It has since been determined by Mayor Datak Tarr that such claim is invalid , the Irathients not being the aboriginal inhabitants . A bold interpretation . This document strips Rafe McCawley of his gulanite mines and returns them to the city , who , by right of possession deeds the land to the Earth Republic . I haven 't won the election yet . I imagine you have stuffed ballot boxes stored somewhere . Right there , that 's your percentage . Generous . Tip of the iceberg . To a profitable future , Mr Mayor . ( LAUGHING ) ( GRUNTS ) Rynn . I saw what Nolan did to Sukar . Can you think of a reason why I shouldn 't kill you ? I 'm at a loss .
