 ( birds chirping , insects chittering ) ( chirping ) ( screeches ) ( screeches ) ( clank ) ( screeches ) Duke ? Testin ' our accommodations . Well , sorry to bother you , but sam verdreaux called . He sounded good and sauced , but he wants us to know That he heard some kind of a bang . Like a car backfired ? Or a bang like tommy anderson finally shot his wife ? He didn 't specify . But sam 's the only one that called it in , So I didn 't want to overreact . No . You were right to get me , linda . Never know with this damn place . ( door bell jingling ) You off to the game today , big jim ? No , I 'm sitting this one out , actually . Aw . I thought the whole town council Always rode that stupid float together . ( chuckles ) Working the lot today , So the guys ... ( grunts ) Let me sit this one out . Heavy is the head that wears many hats . I 'm not sure that 's quite how that one goes . We 're having a big sale on our pre-owns . Hoping we 're a little busier than here , no offense . Sunday mornings have been brutal since they opened that denny 's I 'll take your french toast any day of the week , rose . Jim ... What is this ? That 's me buying your next vote . Says the guy who always runs unopposed . We 're all in this together . ( soft panting ) God ! ( chuckles ) I know , right ? ( panting ) No , you don 't . ( sighs ) Angie ... Huh ? I love you . Yeah . It 's been a fun summer . Ouch . Junior , we both know what this is . And you go back to school in a few days . No , I 'm not . I 'm , uh ... I 'm dropping out . I dropped out . I 'm done . Are you insane ? You 've never been . Trust me , college is just another ... Lame-ass pyramid scheme . They hand you a free ride out of this place , and you just Throw it away ? Please don 't . This-this is about us . This is not about ... No , angie , just listen to me for a second , all right ? ( sighs ) I ... Hey , hey , hey . Hey . I have loved you since the third grade . You 're the only person In the whole world who knows the real me . And that 's why I can 't be with you . Look , I 'm gonna be late for work . Why are you acting like this ? Hey . Ow ! ( panting ) ( angle sighs ) ( goat bleats in distance ) Mrs. Grinnell ? Julia shumway . You wanted to see me in person ? So you 're the newspaper woman ? I 'm the new editor of the independentyeah . But if you 're just having a problem with your delivery , You can go ahead and ... I get my news online , sweetheart , Like everybody else . I called you because I got a tip . About what ? ( vehicle approaching ) See that truck ? That 's its fourth propane delivery this week . Last week , it made six . Looks like someone 's planning One hell of a barbecue . Or ... ( imitates explosion ) Y-you think this might be connected to terrorism ? Like they say , " see something , say something . " Why tell me ? Why not the police ? I called sheriff perkins three days ago . He ... Said he 'd look into it . Turns out everything 's above board . Town hall is just restocking its emergency reserves . Here 's the thing : When duke told me , He sounded nervous . Believe me , That man 's never sounded nervous a day in his life . Okay . I 'll do some digging . Mrs. Grinnell : Whatever you find You leave my name the hell out of it . ( engine roaring , tires screeching ) Where the hell are they taking all our trucks ? Over to westlake . It 's parade day . ( truck horn honking ) I love you , too , rusty ! ( horn honks ) Duke : Never understand Why you said yes to one of those meatheads . 'cause their insurance policy makes ours look like crap . ( engine revving ) man : No ! I 'm headed back now . Hey , listen ... So , we got a problem here . Your guy ... " smith " shows up , he doesn 't have the money And then he tries to renegotiate . Aggressively . Hey . I gotta call you back . Incoming . No front tag . This is 102 . Can you run a plate for us ? Boy adam boy , One six two . ( man shouts ) ( tires screeching ) ( grunting ) ( cows mooing ) ( sighs ) Perfect . ( distant rumbling ) ( cows mooing ) ( crows cawing ) ( rumbling grows louder ) ( car alarms wailing ) Whoa , guys , wait . ( church bells ringing ) ( door creaks ) ( wind chimes tinkling ) ( wind whooshing , rumbling continues ) ( lamp shatters ) ( grunts ) ( shouts ) ( grunting ) Duke ... ( deep whirring ) ( cows mooing ) ( cow moans ) ( panting ) ( zapping ) ( man shouts ) ( groans ) ( cows mooing in distance ) ( deep whirring ) ( gasps ) ( flies buzzing ) Young man : You okay ? I saw your car spin out . ( flies buzzing ) wh-what happened ? Whoa . Hey . No . Don 't touch that . ( zapping , deep whirr ) holy crap . What is it ? What the hell ? ! Are you sure you 're okay , duke ? Yeah . Yeah . My damn pacemaker . Must 've skipped a beat . And that 's supposed to make me feel better ? I 'm fine . ( radio static ) Woman : We have a problem here . All our landlines are dead . Okay . Freddy here . Paul here . One at a time , geniuses . Freddy , you go first . Sorry , duke . We 've got a downed power line over by the clinic . Paul ? Yeah , same story across town at the food mart . Sparks and everything . What could cause that ? A twister ? ( plane flying overhead ) ( low buzz , whirr ) ( low buzz , whirr ) It 's some sort of invisible fence . Like those ones for dogs ? Whatever it is , I 'd probably stop touching it . It only zaps you the first time . It 's like some sort of static electricity Or ... ( thud ) Necks are snapped . ( plane flying overhead ) this thing must be crazy high . ( rumbling , whooshing ) ( metal creaking ) Go ! Run ! Run ! What the hell is happening ? ( panting ) God almighty , what are we looking at ? Salesman : Looks like a prop plane just exploded in midair . A plane crash ? In chester 's mill ? ( tires screeching ) Is your phone getting any service ? Got nothing . Let me see that . It 's mrs . Sanders . From the bank . She sponsored our little league team . No . No , no , no . Hey ! Hey ! Stop the truck ! Wait- - if it crashes through , you 're dead . Stop ! Stop ! Stop the truck ! Stop ! Why can 't we hear the sirens ? No , no , no , stop ! ( mutters ) What are you doing ? Tell ' em to ... Call the faa . The feds ? Yes . They got to shut down this whole airspace . Uh , okay , What if the government built this thing ? I doubt it . Why ? ( panting ) 'cause it works . ( generator whirring ) man : Sorry for the radio silence , folks . Generator 's cooking and we 're up and running again . I 'm phil bushey , and you 're listening to wybs , The mill 's only 100 % independent home of rock . Phil . ( sighs ) dodee , hey . We 're the only thing on air right now- - Am , fm , anywhere . Yeah , the blackout , I know . No , even if that were statewide , Every station our size has its own generator , so ... Why is the whole dial still static ? I don 't know . But our ratings are gonna be amazing . ( tires squeal ) Duke : What the hell happened here ? Sheriff perkins ! The plane smashed right into it . I was almost killed . Th-this man saved my life . Slow down , son . Slow down . You hurt ? I think something just , uh , clipped me on the way down . Linda : Why aren 't the guys Putting out the fires ? Duke : You saw it crash . Into what ? I don 't know , but , I mean , Whatever this thing is , It is big . Young man : It 's like a wall . You just can 't see it . Rusty . Rusty . I don 't think he can hear you . ( zap , deep whirr ) god ! Baby , you okay ? I-I can 't hear you . ( firefighters clamoring ) ( light buzz ) Step away from there , linda . I don 't understand . What is it ? ( vehicle approaching ) ( brakes squeak ) Watch your step , jim . That 's chuck thomson 's plane , isn 't it ? Not anymore . Paul ( over radio ) : Hey , duke ? We got a real bad accident on pretty valley . Duke , it 's freddy . I 've got one , too , over on motton . A minivan versus ... I don 't know what , But the thing 's flat as a dime . Whole family 's doa . Linda : Whatever it is , It cut off all our roads . Not just the roads ... The whole town . We 're trapped . Big jim : Okay , here 's what we got : There 's 19 roads Going in and out of chester 's mill . Not including the dirt ones . Joe , would you go home and stay there ? Duke : Paul and freddy are setting up Roadblocks here and over here , But it 's gonna take some time to button up the whole town . Big jim : Eh , do what you can . I got a contingency plan . ( car door opens ) No , no , no , julia . This is a crime scene . Julia : No . Plane falls out of the sky , that 's news . Big jim : Hey ! I 'm the ranking official here , And I 'm ordering you to leave . Jim ! We got bigger fish to fry . Linda , you commandeer ms . Shumway 's vehicle . We 'll cover more ground splitting up . What the hell ? That 's my car ! ( sheriff 's cruiser engine starts ) ( engine revs , tires screeching ) ( siren wailing ) Who the hell are you ? ( julia 's car revs , screeches away ) Barbie . People just call me barbie . Barbie ? It 's a nickname . Anyway , I 'm not your story . Then why don 't you show me what is . ( bell dings , pump clicking ) Am I doing something wrong ? Power 's out , carolyn . Cashier said the pumps will be back on soon . " is known for its rich , fertile land And warm , inviting people . " Please , these jerks don 't even have orange juice . Guy said we 'd have to wait till the next delivery . Carolyn : Alice , You didn 't take your insulin without eating . I 'll be fine . I got a candy bar . No ... ( chuckles ) you need real food , honey . We 'll stop at that diner we passed . Mom , seriously , can we please drive somewhere else ? I refuse to have my last meal here . Norrie , you 're not going to your execution ; You 're going to camp . Camp ? It 's like a glorified prison For screw-ups with rich parents . Alice : It 's a great program , Norrie , and as soon as they say you 're ready , You can come home again . Los angeles . ( sarcastically ) : Awesome . ( siren wailing , tires screeching ) We can stop for lunch later . ( engine starts ) ( buzz , deep whirr ) Where the hell did it come from ? I have no idea . If this thing just appeared out of thin air , You think maybe it 'll disappear , too ? Yeah , maybe . ( buzz , deep whirring ) You think we might be stuck in here a while . I think that even if what 's wrong suddenly becomes right , The army 's gonna quarantine this place . So you 're military , huh ? Not recently . Woman ( panting ) : Help me . Help me . Help ... Me . Julia : How did she ... She must 've been reaching across when that thing came down . Julia : It 's-it 's okay . My husband 's A doctor . We 're gonna get you to the hospital . ( grunts ) I can 't even grab a regular broadcast signal . Phil , something bad is going on out there , okay ? It could be solar flares disrupting the entire grid . The cable is out- - it doesn 't mean it 's the end times . When roving packs of mutants start swarming this place , Don 't say I didn 't tell you . ( pounding on door ) big jim : Hey ! This is councilman rennie ! Open the damn door ! Phil : I 'm not supposed to let anyone inside while we 're broad ... ( grunts ) dodee : What the hell ? You better Have a warrant or we 're gonna sue your ass for ... Young lady , You 're gonna let me make an emergency broadcast right now Or someone 's gonna die . ♪ I wish I were a beatle ♪ I wish I were a rolling stone ♪ ( song playing over radio ) ♪ I wish I 'd always turn up ♪ I wish I had nowhere to run ♪ ( over radio ) : This is councilman rennie . Uh , big jim rennie . But this isn 't a car commercial . Please stop what you 're doing and listen . This is an emergency broadcast . We have a serious situation in town , And it 's very important that every motorist Listening to my voice stops their vehicle now . You 're the one who 's addicted . I use my phone for work , not for sending Naked pictures of myself to random boys . For the millionth time , That was an accident . That 's what you said when you knocked out that girl 's tooth . Big jim : Once again , every car needs to pull over immediately . This is not a drill . I can 't tell you if what happened is an act Of terror or an act of god , But I 'll keep everyone updated as we learn more . It 's just some stupid viral marketing thing , mom . Norrie 's right . There are other people on the road . It 's probably just some stunt ... ( screaming ) ( brakes squealing ) Alice : Is everyone all right ? No . Nothing about this ... Is all right . Norrie ? Norrie ! Are you okay ? ! Keep her head up . The pink stars ... Are ... Falling . The pink Stars ... Are ... Falling ... In lines . The pink stars are falling in lines . ( engine revving ) Mom ? Ange , where the hell is mom ? You 're the one who lives here . Where 's dad ? Still on the road . You 're sure ? There might have been a chemical spill . I was worried it was dad 's truck . I came here as fast as I could . Joe , what is it ? Mom 's having brunch with uncle steve at denny 's . And ? Angie , denny 's is in westlake . So what ? That 's on the other side of this thing . We 're on our own . ( sirens blaring , horn honking ) Let 's go ! Okay ! ( sirens blaring , woman screams ) ( indistinct , overlapping chatter ) Man : Let 's go ! Man 2 : Fracture over here , guys . Man : Mrs. Shumway , thank god . Is the doc with you ? He 's not here ? Peter always works sundays . Ma 'am , your husband hasn 't worked sundays in weeks . He probably just went home . I should go check on him . ( crow cawing ) What 's caused this ? Please , we need some ans ... ( chatter stops ) ( no audio ) Woman : We need a wheelchair over here . ( car engine starts , indistinct chatter ) Man : A little help ? Can I bum one ? Yeah . ( siren blaring ) Little young to be a nurse , aren 't you ? Just a lowly candy striper . So , you saw whatever did all this ? I mean , what there is to see , yeah . Some of the patients are saying it 's like we 're ... Stuck in a giant fishbowl . I used to have fish . Goldfish . ( laughs ) But then , one of them got sick , And the other one ... The other one ate him . Did you even know they did that ? Goldfish ? Want something for that ? I just want to get out of here . Yeah . You and me both . Carolyn : Help ! ( tires squeal ) Please , we need help ! Our daughter 's had some sort of episode . It was a damn seizure , alice . Come on , let 's get her looked at . Watch your head . All right . All right . Just go in right there . ( siren blaring in distance ) ( brakes squeal ; dog barks in distance ) Looks like a ghost town in here . From anyone else on the council yet , But , uh , I should be able to hold down the fort . It 's easier to reach consensus When there 's only one voice to listen to , right ? Anyway , I appreciate what you did on the radio today . You saved some lives . Ah , just doing my job and all . How your men holding up ? We 're spread thin Since most of them are at the damn parade , But we 'll soldier on . Well , for now you will , but , uh , what happens If this thing lasts for days or-or weeks ? Well , we might need more manpower to maintain the peace . What are you getting at , jim ? Well , during emergencies , Uh , councilmen have the power To authorize additional police officers . The last thing This mess needs is amateurs with badges . Till I hear otherwise from the mayor or above , You 're not authorizing anything . Understood . Good . What do we do when the people start asking about the propane ? Well , that has nothing to do with this . Oh , I know that , but some people might find it hard to swallow That we just happened to be stockpiling fuel Right before a disaster . So , should we tell them the truth ? I have no idea what the hell you wanted with all that crap . Oh . ( chuckles ) Please . You were more than happy to turn a blind eye , but ... You 're not dumb . I did what I had to do To keep this town from going broke , to keep it safe . Oh , careful , duke . You don 't want to put too much stress On that bum ticker of yours , now , do you ? Are you threatening me ? Oh , just Reminding you what the lay of the land is . We 're all in this together . Regular receivers can 't pull a signal But I once used our broadcast tower like a giant antenna To pull feedback loops for my band 's cover album . Dodee , just tell me what you heard . This . ( indistinct , ethereal voice ) It sounds alien ? ( indistinct voices , static ) Sounds more bjork . It-it comes and goes like that . Sometimes it 's music , sometimes , cell phone conversations . It just ... Man : Army corps of engineers best guess puts the dome Over chester 's mill at roughly , uh , 20,000 feet ... ( static , ethereal voices ) Did he just call it a dome ? Yeah . ( crickets chirping ) ( rustling in grass ) Junior : Sorry . I didn 't mean to sneak up on you like that . I 'm junior . Hey , um ... Do we know each other ? Doubt it . You sure ? I don 't know . Something about you just looks so familiar . ( whistles ) I 'm talking to you , dumb ass . Look ... I don 't know what I did to piss you off , But I promise you , You don 't want to start something here . What if I do ? ( car door opens ) ( car door closes ) Everything all right out here ? Hey , mrs . S. Yeah . Everyone 's been very welcoming . Junior : Be seeing you . What the hell was that about ? I have no idea . Any word from your husband ? He wasn 't back home , So ... Now , I 've been checking all the roadblocks . This was the last one . At least he wasn 't one of the crashes . What about you ? Where you off to ? ( sighs ) oh , the motels are all booked up , so , I 'm just gonna rough it . Don 't be ridiculous . You can stay with peter and me . Uh , no . No , no , no , no , no . I ... Linda said you saved a kid 's life today . I 'm not about to let you sleep out here like an animal . Come on . I insist . ( party music playing ) ( indistinct chatter ) Boy : Mcalister . It 's ben- - ben drake from ap english ? Hey , man . Hey , So is it true- - are you seriously home alone ? Man , your house parties Are gonna be sick . So , have you touched the force field thing ? Whatley says it 's straight out of star trek . You looking for something ? Yeah , an off switch . This thing couldn 't have just appeared out of thin air . Whatever it is- - It 's got to have its own power source , right ? I guess . What if that power source was somewhere in here with us ? Maybe it 's somewhere nearby , Distributing juice To the entire thing . Joe ? Joe ! The pink stars are falling . The pink stars are falling in lines . Get over here right now ! The pink stars are falling in lines . Hey , hey ! ( dog barking in distance ) ( screams ) If you do everything I say , I promise you won 't get hurt , okay ? ( screams ) Help , help , help , help ! Angie , I 'm ... I 'm so sorry , ange . I didn 't want it to go like this . ( indistinct chatter ) ( quiet , indistinct conversations ) I 'm afraid I ... I have some hard news . Some folks are still unaccounted for , But it looks like Chester 's mill ... Lost 12 of her own today . ( gasping and murmuring ) Rose : Duke ... What the hell is going on ? Isn 't it obvious ? We 're under attack . Duke : Nobody knows a damn thing , So there 's no point in spreading any rumors . Please , our daughter is sick . We need to get her to a real doctor . I mean , even if they can 't knock that wall down , They can still airlift her out of here . Well , I don 't know , but if those eggheads out there Can drop a car on mars , They sure as hell can figure this out , too . When everybody gets home tonight , I want you to check on your neighbors , And if anybody needs anything , you know where to find me . ( gasps ) ( keys jingling ) ( door unlocking ) Hey , angie . Help ! Somebody help me ! Somebody help me ! Stop it , quiet down , stop . Oh , god , please help me ! Stop ! Save your voice , babe . Okay ? No one can hear us all the way down here . Down ? My dad 's old fallout shelter . He 's always been a little paranoid about security , But ... You 're safe now . What are you talking about ? I finally figured it out- - Why you were acting so strange this morning . It 's all connected . ( sighs ) I know how this must look , but ... I swear , in the long run , You 're gonna thank me for this . Oh , my god , you 've lost your mind . No , no . I 'm the only person who understands What 's really going on around here . All I ask for ... Is patience . Let go of me ! Let go of me ! Let me out of here ! Get me out , get me out ! Junior ! Junior ! ( screams ) Man : Junior . Dad . Heard you on the radio . It sounded Like we might need the old shelter , But it 's completely flooded . Oh , tha-that 's the least of our worries . All that matters is you 're okay . Whatever this is , I want to help . I appreciate that , but you got school ... School is out there , I 'm here , And I want to help . ♪ Honey , are you home ? How do you guys have power ? Big jim convinced my husband it would be a tax write-off When we moved in here . That 's peter behind you . ( sighs ) You must think I 'm an idiot . Wha-what do , what do you mean ? Journalist who doesn 't know what 's going on Under her own nose . I 'm sure the whole town 's thinking it . My husband isn 't here because he 's having an affair . They don 't know him like I do . He 'll turn up , you 'll see . I can 't wait to meet him . Come on , I 'll give you the nickel tour . I was supposed to be with rusty today , at the game . Told him if we were ever going to afford a honeymoon , We both had to put in more overtime . ( sighs ) Why chester 's mill ? Why us ? Maybe we 're being punished . Sorry ? You 're good police , linda . But ... There 's a lot I 've tried to protect you from About this place . Like what ? ( sighs ) Little over a year ago , I was approached about ... ( gasping ) Duke ... My chest . Duke , is it your pacemaker ? ( grunts ) ( screams ) Duke , don 't ! Duke , duke ! Help ! Officer down ! Officer down ! Help ! Duke , come on , stay with me , duke . Duke , stay with me . Help u ... ! ♪ Man : Move it , move it , move it . Male reporter : We 've spoken with the government , Law enforcement , the military . No one has any idea what 's going on here . The closest I can come to an answer is to share ... Female reporter : ... Is to share with you the words He told us , and I quote , " this is an unparalleled ... " Female reporter : " ... An unparalleled event in human history . " Those are not words of comfort not the nation or the world . Certainly not to the people of chester 's mill who appear to be trapped .
