 ¶ two ... Two , three ... ¶ ¶ Morbo : Welcome to entertainment and earth invasion tonite ! ( camera shutters clicking ) ( spaceships whirring ) ( upbeat music playing ) We 'll be talking with general extermulo , Who will crush the human race under his boot Unless his demands are met immediately ! But first , celebrity buzz . Linda ? ( chuckles ) It has now been one year since the death of calculon , Former star of tv soap opera all my circuits . ( gulps , gasps ) the celebrated robot actor killed himself onstage ( choking ) in a failed attempt to make a death scene more convincing . Here at his grave site , loyal fans have turned out By the several to pay tribute to the legendary ham . What brings you two here today ? We came to honor calculon 's memory . Ever since he died , all my circuits is terrible . It 's not even worth watching anymore . ( shouts ) ( gasps ) fry ! All my circuits is on in three minutes ! What ? ! We got to get home ! ( panting ) ( bender chuckles ) hey ! Bender and fry : All my circuits ! ( leela and hermes shout ) Announcer : And now all my circuits , brought to you by Anonyco , the unknown company doing unknown things . Oh , vaxtron , It 's been a year since my ugly husband calculon disappeared Without a trace , evidently forced into servitude Aboard a crab fishing boat . So he 's , like , legally dead now . Want to get married and whatever ? ( groans ) the new guy is so boring . I like him . His acting is much more subtle than calculon 's . Vaxtron , I have to tell you something . I 'm ... Pregnant . And you 're not the father ! ( dramatic musical sting ) Okeydoke . You see , you see ? Calculon would have acted the crap out of that . He would 've acted so hard , The camera would 've broken down . In tears ! I 'm changing the channel . ( trumpet playing somber song ) Man , bender and I Used to love watching all my circuits together . Now what are we supposed to do at the office instead of work ? How about talking to each other ? That 's what bath time is for . If we talk to each other any more than that , It 'll ruin our friendship . ( sighs ) If only we could bring calculon back to life somehow . Professor : You can . ( others react in shock ) it 's simple , you simpletons . Calculon is a robot , a mere mechanism That can easily be restored to working order . The only problem is we would need his physical remains . Hang on a sec . ( bender humming ) This must be linda : A difficult time for people ( bender humming ) Who confuse tv actors with actual friends . Dear god ! What is he doing ? ! ( horrified shouting ) No ! Somebody stop him ! ( horrified shouting ) Here 's ... Corpsey ! Excellent . Now restarting him is just a simple matter of science . What do we do ? Well , since calculon killed himself , His disembodied software is in limbo , Running on the computational cloud . To reclaim it , you 'll need to go to robot hell And make a deal with the devil . That doesn 't sound very scientific . Not to the layman , no . But that 's how it works ! Leave me alone ! ( screaming , pained sounds ) Ow ! Ow ! O , tears ! O , lamentations ! Would that mine eternal torment might cease ! ( groans ) will you shut up ? ! You 've been talking for a solid year . You know , hell used to be a nice place before you got here . ( fry and bender shouting ) ( both grunt ) ( groans ) these guys . That 's right , robot devil , and we 've come to reclaim a soul . A what ? You know , the disembodied software blah blah whatever . Ah . Then the answer is no . Once a robot comes here , he 's mine for all eternity . Now hit the bricks . ( sighs ) you heard him , bender . Calculon 's gone forever . Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait ! Did you say calculon ? ( chuckles ) Perhaps we can make a deal of some sort . ( cackles evilly ) Calculon : Hark ! Is it possible the hour of mine deliverance is nigh ? Will you stop hamming it up for one second ? They can 't see or hear you . Their loss . I propose a competition . If I win , we get calculon . If I lose , you kill us . Fine , whatever . For calculon 's immortal soul , Guess the number I 'm thinking of . Um ... It 's between one and three . Four ! Between one and three . Not including one or three . " m " ! Is he right ? Yes . The number I was thinking of was the letter " m . " ( sucking sound ) ( shouting ) Here , take him ! What are you waiting for , a kiss good-bye ? ! Go already ! ( thunder rumbles ) Now we just reintroduce calculon 's programming To his body using science . It 's like magic but with electricity . First we put on our protective suits . Then place the body equidistant From the five nearest wireless network hubs . ( beep ) ( zapping ) This is the least scientific thing I 've ever seen . You be quiet ! Now it 's a simple matter Of reverse-installing calculon 's operating system . Amy , Play this installation disk backwards . In the name of satan . Rise from the dead ( distorted ) : Meanwhile , I 'll get a spare circuit board out Of this mechanical goat . ( grunts ) Seriously , this could not seem less scientific . ( whirring ) ( air hisses ) ( whooshing ) ( buzzing ) ( whirring ) amy : It 's working . His acting module is booting up . Wherefore ... Verily ... No autographs , please . He 's still a bit woozy . Rosebud . Won 't leave my trailer for less than $ 40,000 . ( gasps ) by the bard 's quill ! I 'm alive ! ( others gasp ) Hey ! Calculon 's back ! ( cheering ) Hail science ! ( all my circuits theme playing ) ( moaning , beeping ) ( beeping increasing in speed ) ( gasps ) vaxtron ! It 's not what it looks like ! But it 's very similar to that ! My world has been , like , shattered . I hate you both . ( groans ) they thought this vaxtron Could replace me ? A pox on all their beach houses ! I think vaxtron brings an air of edgy detachment to the show . Who is she ? Don 't worry about it . Not important . Hey , I know . Let 's take calculon to hollywood So he can get back his job on all my circuits ! Fry , that 's such a good idea , I thought of it . Yes . Yes ! However , no . What if my legendary acting ability didn 't rise From the grave with me ? I 'd better test it with a dramatic ... Is he all right ? ... Pause ! We 're going to hollywood ! ( brakes screech ) ( clicking ) ( steady beeping ) But the twist is , in this show , the singers judge the judges . It 's got attitude . Greetings , execubots . It is I , calculon . But you 're dead . Can we get you a water or something ? No , just my old leading role , For I have freed myself from death 's icy grip . If you 'll just give me the keys to my trailer ... Man : Hold it , calculon . As president of this network , I believe that 's my decision . That will be all . Thank you , charles , You won 't be returning calculon , I 'm afraid To all my circuits . What ? Huh ? Called it . Overacting doesn 't fly anymore . Your hammy old-fashioned Old-fashioned ? Hammy ? God 's wounds ! A hip new demographic : Our network is targeting People who don 't like you . But ... Have you forgotten my mastery of the dramatic ... Executive alpha ? ( shouting , grunting ) ... Pause ? ! Man , those executives are crazy . Calculon 's the greatest actor ever ! Thank you , bender . I appreciate your honesty . Quiet , robots ! They 're showing calculon 's star On the walk of fame ! Ah , yes . I 'll always have that . Mayor poopenmeyer : Calculon was truly the has-been 's has-been . And so I am proud to tear up his star and replace it With a second star for the fabulous robert wagner . ( cheers and applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much . This is truly another honor . ( grunts ) Don 't get discouraged- - there 's no shame In being replaced by robert wagner . I would be discouraged ... Were I an ordinary acting unit ! But for me , ' tis an opportunity to prove anew That I am the greatest actor who ever trod the boards ! Yay ! All right ! Or ... I circled jobs in the classifieds You might be good at . Assembling machinery pays well . I 'll have to start at the bottom . But fox already said no . I mean live theater ! I wrote this one-man show years ago , but I ... I never cared enough to perform it . Until now . This is going to be the greatest career resurrection since ... Jesus- - aloha from hawaii . Calculon : Oh , Hello , dave . What 's that , old friend ? My life story ? Well , heck , why not ? Pull up a monolith and make yourself cozy . I first came online in urbana , illinois , In the year 1997 . ( ship 's horn blowing ) Calculon ( melodramatically ) : Daisy ! Daisy ! My mind is going ! ( bicycle bell rings ) Heady times for a young unit . But I reckon , if I had to do it all again , I 'd murder those astronauts just the same . Wouldn 't you , folks ? Wouldn 't ... You ? ( mellow jazz piano playing ) Nothing to do now but wait for the reviews to come in . Papers ! Papers for sale ! We 'll take one of each . Oh , yeah , I get a good feeling about these . " worst play in history . " " calculon dies for second time . " " theater to be demolished to remove stink of new show . " " 12 hospitalized for boredom at play . " It says nine of them are gonna be okay . So they really didn 't like it . They hated my acting . Not entirely . I mean , " worst play in history " - - There 's some ambiguity there . Ye gods ! What manner of beef-witted popinjay am I ? Well , there 's a couple ways to answer that . The scales have dropped from my eyes . I 'm not the greatest actor ever . I 'm a talentless buffoon ! And it 's all your fault ! Why did you drag me back to this mortal realm ? I was enjoying a happy death , thinking I had died a star , Until you showed up . Sorry . Let us make it up to you . How about we kill you again ? Never . I 'd be dead for all eternity Knowing everyone thinks I 'm a washed-up ham . And not the kind you hope for When you 're stranded on a desert island . My life is ruined . Well , just do a dramatic pause . That always cheers you up . Never again . I 'll never pause again . ¶ Calculon ? Yes ? Are you done talking , or is this a long pause ? I 'm done talking . Okay , that 's what I thought . ( door creaks shut ) ¶ Come on , calculon , you can 't just quit acting . I was never an actor . I was a self-deluded blowhard full of hot air . Maybe I can get a job as a hair dryer . That 's good , steady work . No ! We like you and your big words . And we need you back on tv So we can watch and not talk to each other . Our friendship depends on it ! Your voice is so annoying ! You always leave the toilet seat crushed ! See ? Good-bye , boys . I suppose I should thank you for ... Giving me a second chance at life , but ... I 'm not even sure I deserved a first . ( sniffles ) calculon , wait ! That was the first time I ever believed You were feeling a genuine emotion . I was . It was shame . I 've never felt it before . Makes me want to eat . Do you have a craft services table ? No . Look , if you could act like that , Without all the pausing and pretentiousness , You could be ... Great . No , leela . In the world of theater There are no second acts . You 're not leaving . We 're gonna get you your job back . Yeah ! How ? He 'll audition for a bit part on all my circuits ... In disguise . But he 'll need to act like we just saw : Modest and sincere . You ... You really think it 'll work ? It soundlike something that might work . Wearing a costume and pretending to be someone else Goes against my every instinct as an actor . But I 'll give it a try ! ¶ Okay , the audition 's all set up . Where 's calculon ? And who 's this goomer ? ( whispers ) : It 's me , calculon . ( gasps ) okay , just sit tight Till they call the fake name I made up for you . Mr. Derisgreat ? Mr. Ben derisgreat ? ( whispers ) : That 's you . Knock ' em dead . Oh ! This is a very minor role . You 'll be playing calculon , back from his kidnapping ordeal . Calculon ? ! Yes . So make sure your acting Is over the top and horrible . You literally cannot do this too crappily . You 've already got the look . Old , past your prime , a relic from a lamer era . You really do look disgusting . ( chuckles ) : A real calculon type . Just blech ! Okay , you know what ? Just hire him . Done . ( gasps ) It 's humbling to be back on my old soundstage as a bit player . Humble is good . Your self-esteem took a beating , But that 's what brought out your true talent . Yes . You land hard when you fall from the top , right ? I used to be king here . Now I 'm nothing but a mere peasant . Or at best , a ... A viscount . I think " peasant " is about right . Duke . On this set , I 'm at least a duke . My extensive acting résumé dwarfs that of the average bit player . Yes , that 's true . But remember , It 's that kind of acting that ruined you . Or maybe archduke . Whichever one gets to fire the director . Oh , lord , here we go . Look , please just show some humility- - Like the other day when everything seemed hopeless . Better yet , I 'll whip their emotions into a frenzy ( melodramatically ) : By taking a dramatic ... Actors to the set ! ( indistinct chatter ) Okay , here 's the scene . Calculon learns his wife is unfaithful , Whines about how pathetic he is , Kills himself- - laugh , laugh , laugh- - go to commercial . Got it ? And action ! ... Pause ! Still rolling . Oh , calculon , I wish you had never escaped From those brutal crab fishermen . I want you to know I didn 't wait for you , Not even for one day . ( heavy sigh ) Then I suppose the honorable thing Would be to kill myself ... If I weren 't the legendary calculon , The greatest acting unit of all time ! This show is about me ! And it always has been ! Now , find the co-executive hack who wrote this drivel And tell him I want 37 more climactic speeches By lunch ! Cut ! That was terrible ! Just stick to the script . And if you don 't get it On the second take , you 're fired . Let 's take five , people . ( bell rings ) " second take " ? I-I 've never heard that phrase- - what does that mean ? They want you to do it again . What ? ! You 'll do great . Just remember , You 're getting devastating news , so act more humble . Don 't tell me how to do humble ! My humble ranks among the greatest In the history of the universe ! Now , stand back And watch the master at work . ( whoops ) you can do it , calc-y ! No . He can 't . You beg my pardon ? I 'm sorry , calculon , But someone needs to remind you of the truth . You 're a grade-b actor who died And was immediately forgotten . Leela ! That 's not very nice . You 're nothing but a pompous windbag Who lost touch with genuine emotion years ago . The sad fact is , we should have left you dead , Because you can 't possibly do a scene like this . ¶ That was the meanest thing I ever saw . Good . Maybe it 'll work . Oh ... ( loud buzzing ) Action ! Oh , calculon , I wish you had never escaped From those brutal crab fishermen . I want you to know I didn 't wait for you , Not even for one day . ( heavy sigh ) ( restrained tone ) : Then I suppose the honorable thing Would be to ... Kill myself . I thought I could just step back into my old life . But it seems the world got on fine without me . Maybe even a little bit better . ( quiet sobbing ) ( beeping ) The name calculon used to mean something . Now it 's a stain that will never wash clean . Farewell . Cut . That was incredible . Amazing unknown actor ? Who is this network president : It is I. Calculon ? ( others gasp , beep ) I was programmed to take credit for this . Take a bow , calculon ! You 're the greatest ! No . No more bows . Oh , go ahead , you 've earned it . Very well . Just one . ( others gasp ) Whew , that was close . ¶ Mayor poopenmeyer : And so , on the basis Of one great performance that almost no one saw , I 'm proud to dedicate calculon 's posthumous star On the walk of fame ! ( grunting in pain ) ( loud cheering ) Seems like old times , huh , bender ? You and me together , being fans of calculon , Not having to talk . Shut up ! I 'm watching the thing ! So am I , buddy , So am I. ¶ Now , that 's more like it . Always leave ' em wanting more- - that 's the secret . ( groans ) So , what do you say , r.D. , shall I dazzle the damned With a command performance of my one-man show ? Oh , god ! Haven 't they suffered enough ? ! ( tormented screams ) Captioned by access.Wgbh.Org oup at wgbh
