 Julia : Chester 's mill is a place like any other . At least , it used to be , Until we were cut off from the rest of the world By a mysterious dome . ( cows mooing ) ( cow moans ) Invisible , indestructible , Inescapable . We 're trapped . We don 't know where it came from or why it 's here , But now that we 're all trapped under the dome together , None of our secrets are safe . ( shouts , grunts ) Thanks again for letting me crash here . My husband isn 't here , But he 'll turn up . You 'll see , barbie . ( shouts ) ( gunshot ) That thing is never going to go away . ( gunshots , bullets ricocheting ) Oh , no . No . The pink stars are falling in lines . ( indistinct chatter ) Ride that dome ! Nice ! Whoa , benny . Dome ride was sick , bro . Paul ( over video ) : It 's not gonna be okay ! Yeah . This thing is never gonna go away , and we 're all gonna die ! ( gunshots on phone ) Dude . You 're watching that video again ? I still can 't believe it . Dan : You weren 't kidding about that barbie guy . He took that cop 's ass down . I wonder if barbie 's , like , black ops . Oh , my god , your phone still works ? So jealous . Yeah , the camera and the apps . Just ... No texting or calls . I miss texting . It 's been , like , a day and a half . Whatever . Don 't be judge-y . Dude . Show ' em . It 's never gonna go away , And we 're all gonna die ! Linda : Paul , don 't ! ( gunshots ) Girl : The bullet just bounced off the dome . Did paul mean to shoot freddy ? I don 't know . He was acting pretty crazy . I wonder what they 'll do with him . Cop killer 's as bad as it gets . Especially a cop that kills another cop . You in a hurry or something ? I want to get to the police station Before they walk randolph in . What , you don 't like my driving ? I ... Not that at all . Just , uh ... Nothing wrong with using a little caution . I don 't do caution . ( chuckles ) I noticed . Run-towards-the-fire kind of girl , aren 't you ? I 'm a journalist . I 've got to find out all I can about this dome So me , you and everyone in this town Can get out as soon as possible . I 've got a husband out there I 'd kind of like to see again . ( brakes squeak ) Man : There he is . Deputy esquivel . That was a pretty daring Thing you did , pulling reverend coggins out of the fire . Man : Killer ! Just doing my job . So , what , with the entire Fire department and half the police force Stuck outside the dome and now two officers dead ... What 's your question ? Can you handle this alone until we find A way to get out ? We 'll be fine , mrs . Shumway . Long as we all Look out for each other . Murderer ! Killer ! Let 's get him ! Hey ! Any more of that , and I 'll haul your ass in ! Paul : Hey , it was the dome That did it to freddy ! It 's gonna kill more before it 's done ! Take him inside . I can control this . Oh , so you 're in charge now ? Friends ! I 'm asking you all to let the law do its job . The law did its job already- - killed an innocent man . No , no , no . That was a tragic accident . As the town 's only remaining councilman , I will not countenance any kind Of frontier justice . Now , you go home , Clasp hands And pray for freddy denton 's poor soul . Go on . Ben : Too bad we can 't upload that video to youtube . ( chuckles ) girl : Excuse me . Where can a girl charge up in this town ? Um ... I have a generator at my ... Your house ? Ben : We saw you At the fire . Uh , how 'd you end up here ? I just followed some kids . Heard ' em talking about a bonfire . No , I meant , how ... I knew what you meant . I was on my way someplace and ... Wrong place at the wrong time , I guess . I 'm not usually a mooch , but without my music , I can get a little , you know , super bitchy . Can I refuel at your place ? Sure . There 's no one home except me ... Cool . I actually need a place to crash , too . If that 's okay , I mean . Oh ... Well , I mean , I saw you with two ladies . I thought you were with them . Never seen ' em before . So ... Cool to crash ? Paul : I 'm sorry . Freddy , he was my partner , and he was my friend , But he wouldn 't be dead if it weren 't for this dome . You 're gonna have to tell rusty . He 'll understand . Like hell he will ! He 's freddy 's brother ! What did we do to deserve this ? ( wheezing ) Are you okay ? Paul ? ( grunting ) I warned you , linda . I warned you what would happen . This is all a misunderstanding , paul . No , it 's not . It 's the dome . It 's making everyone crazy , and it 's going to kill us all . If the town doesn 't kill me first . Paul . Paul ! ( refrigerator humming ) ( sniffs ) Where were you yesterday , junior ? Nowhere . ( refrigerator door opens ) Whole town pulls together To put out a fire . But you ? " nowhere " to be found . Dad ... Shut your mouth . Mmm . People are looking to me . To lead . To stand up , like a man does . It reflects poorly When my son is awol . This situation , it 's an opportunity . All your life , I 've provided you with advantages . Opening doors . Like with the football team . Dad , I never wanted to play ... Point is You only get so many chances in life . Do not squander them . What happened to your face ? Nothing . No , what ... Who did this to your face ? This guy . His name 's barbie , I think . He 's totally insane . Nine years it 's been since your mother died . And still it 's like you 're hiding behind her skirt . Best toughen up now , junior . Don 't you let me down . ( door shuts ) Phil ( over radio ) : Your dial 's set to wybs , The only- - and I literally mean the only- - Source of news here in chester 's mill . Couple of shout-outs : First , to everyone Who grabbed a bucket yesterday And joined the volunteer brigade . Way to stay civic-minded , people . And big ups to the lovely linda esquivel ( click , keys jangling ) for her daring rescue of reverend coggins . ( door creaks ) ( door shuts ) I made you some eggs . Figured you could use some protein . ( chuckles ) I get it . You 're angry , but ... It 's the dome that 's making you act like this . Nothing 's making me act like this . It 's you locking me down here for two days . Everything is gonna go back to the way it was before . You 'll see , ange . Soon as we get out from under this thing . Has anyone tried going under it ? People took shovels and tried digging ... No . I mean ... Way under it . Like through the cement factory tunnels . They closed those off ... After the flood When those kids died down there . You and I still went down there all the time . Walked through the tunnels Till we came across the town line into westlake , Hitchhiked back . Maybe you 're right . Maybe ... Things would be different if you could find a way out . Maybe we could ... Start over . I 'll be back later . Rise and shine , reverend . ( coughing ) The hell were you thinking ? I told you to find the evidence and destroy it , Not torch a dead man 's house . I did what you told me . Found the bills of sales of propane , set ' em on fire- - All the evidence destroyed , just like you asked . Listen up , lester . Now the only files left that can implicate us In this drug business ... Are right here . So we have to trust each other On the security of those . Scoot on back to the mortuary And take care of freddy denton 's corpse . Julia : So , what are the odds That you , just passing through , Happen to be here On the day that an unprecedented , Possibly supernatural event occurred ? God , I swear , you ask more questions Than anybody I 've ever met . Well , you know you 're pretty good at evading them . And asking questions is my job . That 's just your way of keeping people from asking you anything . All right . Your turn . How does someone As ambitious as you end up here in chester 's mill ? My husband grew up here . And , uh ... Circumstances shifted , And it just made sense for us , You know , to ... Come here and start over . That 's our dj , phil . You want to meet him ? Uh , no . I 'll let you guys get to ... Work . I 'm gonna get a bite to eat at the diner . Big jim : Linda ? Where are you ? Jim ! Jim ! Jim , I 'm down here ! The keys . Where 's paul randolph ? He escaped . Linda ? I 'd hoped you were ready for the responsibility Jim , with all due respect , I don 't need a lecture . Take a pause . We have a disturbed fugitive On the loose . As councilman , It is my job to organize a search party . Then go do it . But I 'm not gonna wait for someone else to get hurt . Damn it , paul . He took a rifle . Where you going ? Black ridge woods . He likes to hunt there . Listen to me . It 's too risky . Jim , I know you like to control things , But you do not control me . Why worry ? I bet they got government scientists Tapping on that thing , trying to figure out How to talk with us in here . Maybe they 'll figure out how to get us more bacon . Bacon 's the least of our worries , roger . Any sign of your daughter ? Not since last night . Alice is out looking for her . I can 't help but think that it 's just another one Of those seizures and norrie 's laying unconscious On the side of a road somewhere . Oh , now , I 'm sure she 's fine . Excuse me , sir . You ... Wouldn 't , by any chance , have seen my daughter ? Your daughter ? How 's that work ? My partner and I are a same-sex couple with a child . Welcome to the 21st century . What are you doing here in chester 's mill anyway ? We got stuck here On our way to drop norrie , our daughter- - Our legitimate daughter- - Off to a nearby private school . Oh . The girl 's reformatory , you mean . Think they can pray the gay out of her ? Why don 't you come with me , honey ? Let 's get you a cup of coffee . Authorities outside still don 't know the composition Or the origin of the dome . Presumably they 'll keep at it until they get some answers . ( click , song plays ) I like this symbiotic thing we got going on , man . Key to a civilized society is a well-informed public . Oh , that and indoor plumbing . Oh . I forgot about indoor plumbing . Fingers crossed that holds out . ( chuckles ) Where 's junior off to in such a hurry ? I don 't know . It 's the councilman 's kid , though . If anyone 's got the inside scoop , it 's him . Junior ! Where you headed ? Just ... Going for a hike . What 's with the helmet ? I don 't have to answer your questions . It 's a free country . Thank you . Do you mind ? Hey . It 's your joint . All mine , it seems . Had a girl , angie , working the lunch counter , But I haven 't seen her since dome day . So , how 's it been staying over at julia 's ? Nice and comfy ? ( bell jingles ) Small town , kiddo . It 's only gonna get smaller . Big jim : All right , listen up , people . I got an announcement to make . Former deputy paul randolph Has escaped police custody . Just as a precaution , I 'm gonna ask you all to stay In your homes until this situation is resolved . I 'm also putting together a search party , and I 'm asking If any able-bodied men are keen to join up . Right here , big jim . Count me in , too . All right . ( quietly ) : Now , listen , boys , he 's already assaulted two other people , And he 's stolen a mass of provisions From casper 's department store . Now , he 's on the run , But there 's only so many places he can hide . He took a rifle from the police station , So bring your firearms . I don 't believe we 've been , uh , Formally introduced . I 'm , uh , jim rennie . People around here call me big jim . Barbie . Barbie . Well , that 's kind of a funny name For a fellow with your particular expertise . I saw you take that gun off randolph yesterday . What are you , a bounty hunter or something ? ( chuckles ) Ah , just kidding , of course . This paul randolph 's no fish in a barrel . He was a ... A marine , served two tours in iraq . Oh . Yeah . Won a silver star . Perfect . So ... Barbie , You in or out ? This is phil bushey with an update Concerning the ongoing manhunt in town . Former deputy paul randolph 's squad car Has been spotted off the road at black ridge woods . All chester 's millers are under an advisory To stay home until the situation is resolved . Looks like he abandoned it . Fellas , I got something over here . Come on . This way . Hey . Hold on . This guy 's got military training , right ? That 's a dummy trail- - he 'd never do anything that obvious . Look at this . These branches here , they 're all broken . Right there . Our man came right through here . See , I knew you 'd be useful . ( wood cracking , creaking ) ( water dripping ) ♪ ( beep ) ( music playing in background ) Do you always eat standing up ? Animals eat standing up . Good point , joe . These are really good . They 're , like , better Than those amy 's breakfast scramble wraps My moms buy at whole foods . Your moms ? Yeah , my moms , my pops , you know , like they say . Where are your parents ? Outside . My dad drives a rig , so ... He 's gone a lot , and ... My mom was in westlake , the next town over , when ... You know . What about yours ? I was on my way to visit my dad and ... You know . He 's a musician . But driving a rig 's pretty cool , too . Guess we 're both unsupervised , huh ? Ben : Hey , joe-joe ! ( knock at door ) These two lovely ladies were hoping To take advantage of your sweet , Sweet homemade electricity . My family doesn 't have a gennie . Mine , neither . And the music they play on wybs Is , like , totally schizo . Uh , I might have mentioned the generator to a few people . What about the whole advisories-to-stay-inside thing ? Dude , it 's the apocalypse . Advisories don 't apply . ( chuckles ) Nice . Please tell me you hit that . ( scoffs ) Uncool , bro . Leave a brother hanging . Big jim : Just like butch and sundance , huh ? Barbie : Are we the good guys or the bad guys ? You 're military , aren 't you ? The way you disarmed randolph and the ... The whole dummy trail business ? No , I was just a grunt . But you were over there , weren 't you ? You ever been to war ? No . Never had the privilege . ( groaning ) Paul : Hey ! Next time , I 'll aim higher ! I 'm warning you guys , you better leave me alone ! I don 't want to hurt anyone else ! ( roger groaning ) Ollie , take roger back to town Before that lunatic takes another pop at us . You and me , we 're finishing this thing . Is it to bring him in , or are we trying to take him out ? I don 't see it makes a difference To a guy like you , does it ? What , to a guy like me ? We 're losing the light . Let 's move it . Junior . I found a way out . ( grunts ) Don 't ! ( junior gasps ) You shouldn 't have followed me . Why did you come down here ? I was just hoping you 'd find a way out . Sorry to let you down . I hate this thing . ( deep whirring ) I ... Hate you . ( yelling ) ( yelling continues ) ( yells ) ( panting ) Junior ... Are you okay ? No . These ... These tunnels are dangerous . How can you even find your way out of the dark ? And they 're even more dangerous with this thing cutting into it . What if it collapses on us ? People die in here . I did a story once on coal miners , Guys trapped underground . You see the way the flame flickers ? You know which way the air flows , You follow it home . Let 's go home . ( squeals , snorts ) ♪ Ben : Dude , you 're not gonna believe this . The guys got The simpsons movie going on a loop . They totally saw the dome coming . When can I ask people to leave ? Scarecrow joe . Nice house party , bro . Carter . Used to go out with your sister . Well , stayed in more than we went out , If you know what I mean . ( chuckles ) Thanks for inviting us in , little man . We 'll just make ourselves at home . Think about it . You have a house to yourself . You could become the most popular guy in town . Maybe even get A girlfriend out of it . She digs you . I 've got an instinct about these things . Just don 't tell her about that funky seizure you had . Don 't want her to think you 're a spaz . Total spaz move . Let 's work on that , dude . Can you remember which way we came ? I don 't have a lot of matches left . We 're trapped down here , we 're trapped out there . What 's the difference ? ( sighs ) I just wanted to do something good today . A man stands up . A man doesn 't screw up . We all screw up . We make bad choices . Tell that to my father . You want to know how I ended up in chester 's mill ? I was covering the mayor 's race in chicago . The guy in the lead Was a real machine politician . I really wanted to take him down . About a week before the election , One of my sources sent me some documents That showed bribery . I thought the leaked docs might be forged , But I went ahead with the story anyway . And it blew up in my face . The truth about my little lie surfaced , The guy got reelected , and I was fired And disgraced . And now I 'm here . So I know from screw-ups . Tell you one thing , though . I will never make that mistake again . We just keep moving forward . Carter : Who needs some juice ? Whoa , hold up , freshie . Five bucks for five minutes . Should I do something about this ? Yeah , and get your face picasso-ed by a guy Who 's got 25 pounds on you ? He doesn 't run our electricity . Did you ever take american history ? Uh , yeah . So you know about the sherman antitrust act ? I don 't know . Maybe . Maybe not . ' cause if you had , You 'd know that what you 're doing is illegal . Monopolies are illegal . Monopoly 's not illegal . We have the board game at my house . ( chuckles ) Well , then maybe you should go back to your house . Play by yourself . ( carter chuckles ) I think I 'd rather play with you , red . Why don 't we take this upstairs ? I think you should leave . Oh , I am leaving , little man . I 'm going up to your sister 's room . I don 't think she 'd mind . No . I want you to leave my house . Move . Now . Or this gets ugly fast . ( people groaning ) Girl : The generator blew . This ain 't even close to over , scarecrow . Junior : How many matches do we have left ? One . There 's a reason for all this : The dome , All those people who died . This all happened when that barbie guy showed up . Sometimes , when we don 't understand The answer to a thing , we look for someone to blame . Oh , I understand . I understand he attacked me out of the blue . See this ? You know how I got that ? Good old barbie . People think he 's this hero , But he 's a psychopath . Barbie just attacked you for no reason ? That 's right . You don 't know this guy . I mean , what 's he really doing here ? Has he been here before ? He has to answer some questions . What do we do now ? ( julia exhales sharply ) ( door creaks ) Come on . I 'll give you a ride home . Barbie : I think we ought to call it a day here Why 's that ? So we can give randolph a chance to get away ? Come on , man . We 're sealed in here . Where the hell 's he gonna go ? I told you we 're finishing this . Why is that ? So you can show the town what a big man big jim is ? You ever play football , barbie ? No . I was never much of a team sports kind of guy . ( chuckles ) I played cornerback . A lot of smaller guys play 'cause it requires speed and agility . Back in school , we had this all-state wideout , A real , uh ... A real showboater , you know ? He called me " big jim , " uh , but as a joke , you know ? Laughing at me . And one day we , um ... We had to scrimmage , And he was taunting me , you know ? " come on , big jim , " you know ? " you can 't touch me , big jim , " you know ? So ... I put the mother of all hits on this punk . I mean , helmet first , went in low , Completely shattered his pelvis . Guess what . Big jim wasn 't a joke no more . What does that tell you ? Tells me that being on your team could be hazardous to my health . Sometimes an example needs to be made , you know ? Command respect . An eye for an eye . ( twigs snap ) Jim ? ( gun cocks ) ( gun cocks ) I 'll kill him ... Just like he was gonna kill me . Nobody wants to kill anybody here . He said it himself . An eye for an eye , right ? Make an example out of me . Drop your weapon now . I said drop your weapon now ... ( gunshot ) ( body thuds ) ( door opens ) ( sighs ) Big jim : Evening to you , lester . I 'm sorry to say we brought you another customer . Coggins : I 'm not finished with deputy denton yet . Patching a wound takes time . Paul randolph needs your help , too . The lord never gives us more than we can handle , rev. ( door opens ) You clean ? Absolutely , jim . Any red you see in my eyes , that 's overwork , nothing else . Let 's keep it that way . Hey , would you mind waiting at the car ? I need to talk to linda . Yeah . Sure . I 'm sorry . For questioning your dedication Or if , in any way , I insinuated that ... You weren 't capable of filling duke 's shoes . He 'd be proud of you , you know . Fact , I bet he 's up there right now , Eating roast beef and mashed potatoes With the big guy , looking down on you and smiling . We 're gonna do big things , you and I. First , we got to get you some deputies . There 's a new sheriff in town . And her name is linda esquivel . Um , so ... I was wondering if maybe we could ... Keep what happened today between us . You know , we all have secrets , junior . ( chuckles ) You can call me james . I never did like being called junior anyways . I 'm guessing you 're a scotch guy . ( chuckles ) you don 't miss much , do you ? Straight up , of course . ( car doors open ) Uh , maybe we should do this another time . ( door opens ) It 's a small town , son . ( door shuts ) And we all support the team . What was that about ? Long story . ♪ ( sighs ) What kind of trouble you been getting into ? No trouble . I went down into the cement works And tried to find a way out . ( grunts ) failed , huh ? Yeah . The dome goes straight through . Well , of course it does . You didn 't think it 'd be that easy , did you ? What were you doing with that barbie guy ? That 's none of your business . I 'll make it my business . Not unless I tell you to . Don 't you worry your head over barbie . Let the grown-ups do their job . ( glass clinks on bar ) Drink your milk , now , junior . What are you doing ? I don 't know . Um , maybe I can fix it . Really ? That thing blew up like the death star . Yeah , but the empire rebuilt the death star In the return of the jedi . It was almost fully operational . I like nerds . ( knocking ) carolyn : Norrie ? ( door opens ) oh , god . Norrie , are you here ... ? ( sighs ) Carolyn , how did you find me ? Something goes boom in a small town , Parents tend to know . Let 's go . Wh-who is this lady ? She 's one of my moms . One of your ... Okay , I guess there 's just Some things I didn 't want you to know about me . But , hey ... Thanks for almost getting beat up for me . That was ... Kind of chivalrous . ( low humming ) Oh , my god . Norrie ? What happened ? Joe and norrie : The pink stars are falling . Carolyn : Norrie ! The pink stars are falling in lines . Norrie . Joe and norrie : The pink stars are falling in lines . Norrie ! The pink stars are falling . Norrie ! The pink stars are falling . Carolyn : Get help ! The pink stars Are falling . Go ! The pink stars are ... ( lock sliding , door clicking ) ( door creaking ) Angie ? Did you make it under ? Uh-uh . Uh ... There 's no way out . I made sure of it . What happened to your hands ? ( chuckles ) I beat on that thing . Stood up And beat on it until the lights went out , angie . ( chuckles ) 'cause I love you . ♪ So , that comment that you made about me running into the fire Was aggravatingly hypocritical . No , especially considering the adventure You went on today with big jim . Yeah , but there 's a difference between me and you . How so ? I take off after the fire 's out . I mean , at least , When there 's somewhere to take off to . You bruised your knuckles . Yeah . I bruised my knuckles . And you really were just passing through Chester 's mill ? No connection to anyone here in town ? Nope . Good night , julia . ( door opens and closes ) ( water running )
