 13 Bannerman Road is where Sarah Jane Smith lives . And it 's home to things way beyond your imagination . There 's an extraterrestrial supercomputer in the wall . Her son , a genetically-engineered boy genius , a schoolgirl investigator across the road and a whole universe of adventure , right here on the doorstep . - Ready ? - Always . What ? Open ! You 've got to open ! Two access discs ? Prepare to be incinerated ! U-sub.net et Allons-y team présentent TSJA 4x03 " The Vault Of Secrets " part 1 Synchro : bobbyesquosa , Dauphinus Relecture : Killarney Human bodies ! Useless ! She is unconscious . The veil has gone . We will find him . Oh Boy , it 's looking like a beautiful morning on Mars today . The dust storms have subsided , we 've got a really clear view . You 'll never guess what mum 's done . Hi there , guess what ? Hey , Rani , how are you ? Great , thanks , how 's Oxford ? Just so brilliant . Can you two keep it down ? We need to time this to the second . Mars probe , systems operational , continuing on programmed route . Is that Mars ? It 's the feed from the latest Mars robot probe . Sarah Jane 's about to upset NASA big time . The Mars rover will be in sight of target in 20 seconds . How 's everybody doing at school ? Clyde 's still winding Dad up . How are those uni mates getting on ? He says they live off baked beans and curry . - Must be like living with the Slitheen . - Get ready , Mr Smith . Approaching point of visibility . Jamming signal , now . Where did the signal go ? We 've lost contact with the probe . Powering down NASA probe . Well done , Mr Smith ! Looks like NASA just lost yet another Mars probe . What was that , on the horizon ? An ancient civilisation , ancient and terrible . Some of Mars ' secrets are best left undiscovered . Now that I 'm not keeping an eye on her . Mum sabotages NASA probes . She 's so out of control . Only the ones heading for trouble . - Guess what ? - What ? What ? Where Mum 's dragged my dad . My name is Gita Chandra . And I 've seen aliens . Welcome to the British UFO Research and Paranormal Studies Society , Ealing branch . We 've all seen them . What were yours like ? Rhinoceros men . And another one like a lizard . Nothing to see . Move along . This is my husband , Haresh . We both saw them . This is my card , by the way , Blooming Lovely . Flowers for flower people . I do love fresh flowers . I do home deliveries . I 've got a new ad in the Echo . And I was checking it out , when I saw your group advertised . And I just had to come , Miss Waters , and tell you what I 'd ... We 'd seen . Call me Ocean . So many people feel awkward , even embarrassed , admitting to a close encounter , but we at BURPSS , believe you should let it all out . I feel better for it . Ealing is the centre of so much alien activity . And Friday is our monthly UFO watch . We had some very interesting sightings last time . I 'm Melvyn by the way . Melvyn Minton , but call me Minty . I 'll be doing tomato and lentil soup . Sounds thrilling . Believe me , Mr Chandra , Ealing is a thrilling place . The aliens are watching us , and maybe just waiting for the right moment . I 'm not listening to you , no . They 're called BURPSS . They 're a bunch of wind bags . Why do you believe to refuse to believe what you 've seen with your own eyes ? I 'm not denying aliens exist , but whatever they were doing here was a one-off . You 're not going to see them again . What 's wrong ? It was one of them ! The alien . The lizard one . - I swear to you , I saw it . - Very funny , yeah . They ran into Sarah 's drive . - You go and have a look , my darling . - Me , what about you ? Anybody there ? I warn you , I 'm armed . Haresh ? What are you doing ? I 'm , I 'm sorry . Gita thought she 'd seen someone suspicious . And you thought they needed a hand changing a tire ? She thought she 'd seen the , lizard alien we saw at Genetec . An alien ? In my garden ? She dragged me to this UFO society this morning , - BURPSS . - Pardon me ? Exactly . I think it 's got her imagination running wild . You know what your mother 's like . Once she thought she saw Elvis at a Post Office . If I see any aliens , I 'll be sure to let Gita know . Actually , please , keep it to yourself . Gita 's had enough close encounters . See you later , Rani . Macaroni cheese for tea . Great . I thought you said your dad 's macaroni cheese was like eating superglue ? We should go back up to the attic , use Mr Smith . What for ? Androvax ? No way . The Judoon took him prisoner , he 's not coming back here . Why would he ? It 's like your dad said , your mum 's just seeing thing . On the other hand , On the other hand , Androvax is a genocidal killer who destroyed 12 worlds , let alone the nasty habit he has of jumping into other people 's bodies . So if he is here , that can only be trouble . Which is why we should ask Mr Smith for help now . I don 't need Mr Smith . I can do a scan right here . That is not good . No , it isn 't , is it , Androvax ? - When did he get her ? - It only takes a second for Androvax to take a body . Mr Smith , I need you . Now ! Rani , I sense you 're not quite yourself today . You 're just as annoying you were the last time I was here . And I hoped we had seen the last of you then . - I don 't mean you harm . - What ? That 's why you jumped into Rani , is it ? Get out of her , you freak . - Didn 't expect a warm welcome . - You 're right , whatever it is you want . I remember exactly what it 's like having you under my skin , now release her . - You OK ? - I 'm fine . Sarah Jane Smith . I need your help . My hearing must be going . Did Androvax , the destroyer of worlds , just ask us for help ? Like we 're going to swallow that ! I released the young female . Call it a token of my integrity . Mr Smith , containment vortex . Well call that a token of my not being taken for a fool . I 'm going to salvage what 's left of my Saturday at badminton . Are you coming or sticking to space shuttles instead of shuttlecocks ? Enjoy your game , my darling . I don 't suppose you 'll be able to play , once the lizard people make us all their slaves . Hello ? Is that Ocean ? It 's Gita Chandra . Yes , that 's right . Guess what ? I 've seen them again . Here ! In Bannerman Road . You won 't get out of there , so you can forget any idea of body-jumping any of us . The taking of body gives me more strength . A little more time . For what , what 's wrong with you ? What if he 's putting it on ? He 's ill . Really ill . I felt it . I 'm detecting the poison of the moxolon swamp viper . The Judoon have a prison on one of the swamp worlds of the Calysteral Cluster . 20 million square sentons of stinking quagmire . Sounds lovely ! Not many escape from there . Swamp viper toxin is fatal . Androvax is dying . I don 't have much time . I need you to help me . Help save my people . Your species is dead , your planet turned into a ball of ice when its star died . At my trial , they told me before our planet was destroyed my people launched a ship . Aboard it were 100 of my kind in cryogenic sleep , but they crashed . - On Earth ? - 40 years ago . Androvax ? I 'm reading heightened pulse rates . - And increasing blood pressure . - In prison . I met a Bookan Pirate , who 'd acquired the activator disc to a vault here on Earth . That 's where the ship now rests . Hold on , who puts a crashed space ship into a vault ? Just how big is that going to be ? The vault needs two discs . I need Mr Smith to help me crack the vault 's second code . You 've got to help me . I have destroyed 12 planets , 12 civilisations . Please help me save just one . You can 't trust him , Sarah Jane . You of all people know that . Of course I do . Androvax taking control of my body was one of the worst experiences of my life , but I was inside his mind just as much as he was in mine . I felt his pain . His grief . He raged against the universe for taking his people . - And almost destroyed Earth . - I know . But if that is a vault , and there is a chance of saving a species , whatever Androvax has done , I can 't ignore them ! Hello , Sarah . These are my friends , Ocean and Minty . They sound like a toothpaste . Lovely to meet you . We are BURPSS . Better out than in , I 'm sure . British UFO Research and Paranormal Study Society . Ealing branch . I don 't have much time for flying saucers , unless they 've got a cup of tea on board . Actually , we 're in a hurry . We understand there 's been an alien sighting . Mum ? It was someone messing about . I know what I saw , Rani . There was an alien , and it ran right up your drive , Sarah . I 'm very proud of my begonias . I didn 't realise they were a cosmic must-see . We 're very used to scepticism , Miss Smith . They just want to do some tests . Invented this myself . Anything that passes through the outer layer of the atmosphere picks up beta particles , including extraterrestrial visitors . This will find them . An alien detector , how clever . Have you thought of taking it on Dragons ' Den ? Promise you we won 't damage anything . Do you really think that gizmo could find Androvax ? Pretty sure it won 't now . It was working properly this morning , honestly . Have you got another one ? How creepy is this place ? St Jude 's Hospital . It 's not a hospital . It 's an asylum . Judging from the signs outside , someone still owns this place . Along with a vault big enough to hide a spaceship ? - The vault must be hyper-dimensional . - Which means , exactly ? The entrance might be here on Earth , but the vault itself is somewhere else . What , big enough for a veil ship ? And maybe more besides . If this ship crashed on Earth and now it 's in some sort of vault . - Who put it there ? - That 's what I 'd like to find out . And maybe the answer is through here . The asylum has been compromised . Take us back . I could do with some light down here . Some people have a sonic lipstick . Me , I 've got a light-up torch . If you ask me , the other side of this door is not a place you want to be . Let 's find out . The lights are motion-activated . We just found where Daddy Bear sleeps with Mummy Bear and Baby Bear . Come on . The question is , where are their occupants ? I don 't think this equipment ever belonged to the NHS . It 's alien . I 'm sure that 's a transmap device , but there 's no power to it . Someone really needs a scrap book . Some of these go back to the 1950s . Why would aliens keep newspaper clippings about UFOs ? ETs with big egos . 1972 , that 's Ocean Waters . Mum 's friend . She was kidnapped by aliens ? That must be why she started BURPSS . If only if she 'd had a better name for it , people might have taken her more seriously . - Picking up more alien energies . - The vault ? Could be . Do you know what I 'm thinking ? Is this a good idea ? Is a whole race of body-popping aliens something that the universe really needs ? Androvax did some terrible things , but that doesn 't mean his entire species is better off extinct . Stay where you are ! Boy , men in black ! Where 's Will Smith ? My name is Sarah Jane Smith . Thank you for the introduction , but all I 'm interested in is the activator disc . Unlike you , I prefer to know who I 'm dealing with . My name is Dread . Mr Dread . You don 't sound like any bundle of laughs , that 's for sure . The veil is not among you . The veil ? Androvax says this could save his species , but they 're held here in a hyper-dimensional vault . Now , would you know anything about that , Mr Dread ? These are off-world matters . Humans are irrelevant . Earth is my planet . And believe me , that makes me very relevant . Now , where is the other disc ? We do not have it . Its security is assured . One alone is useless . Give me the activator disc , and bring me the veil , or prepare to be incinerated . That 's ... That 's handy ! - They 're androids . - Get back ! It doesn 't work , run ! Come on ! Without the second activator disc , they are irrelevant . If they present a danger , we will cauterise it ! - We just met your friend , Mr Dread . - The man in black ? He 's an android with a laser-blaster up his sleeve . Thanks for mentioning that . Androids dressed in black ? They were instruments of the Alliance of Shades . Which is what ? An alien initiative to inhibit human awareness of extraterrestrial life . The men in black operated in the period 1953 to 1972 . They reputedly wiped the memories of people who encountered aliens , and engineered the disposal of off-world debris . Apparently into a hyper-dimensional vault , which the men in black are still guarding . 72 ? That 's when Ocean Waters was abducted . We need to find out everything we can about Mr Dread . We should talk to Miss Waters . Searching for her address now . If they have wiped her memory , you will learn nothing . - But if I come with you . - No . If I take her body , I will find her memories . She will be unharmed . I can 't ask anyone to let you take them over . - It will be her choice . - I know what I 'd say . Anyway , I 'd freak the minute I saw him . - Deactivate the containment vortex . - What are you doing ? Androvax will have to travel there in me . Old friends , reunited . If something goes wrong with this , we need you . Take me , Androvax . Do it now . Ocean Waters ? Miss Smith , this is a surprise . I 'm afraid our alien hunt was something of a lost cause . A minor malfunction . I don 't really understand it . The by-conductor is working . That 's working ! My visit is more of a professional nature . I 'm a journalist and given your expertise in the field of Ufology . I was wondering what you could tell me about men in black ? And have you ever met Mr Dread ? You 've seen him ? I don 't believe it ! You 've seen him ? He must be so old now ? He 's surprisingly sprightly . Ocean , I need you to tell me what you know about him . Why are you so pleased ? Because it proves he exists , that I 'm not mad ! No-one would ever believe me . About the abduction , about the men in black . It 's been almost 40 years . Sometimes , I 've even asked myself if I was mad . - You remember , then ? - Not the details . Nothing you could call evidence . That 's what they do to you . When I try to remember , my head , it just gets filled with this bright green glow . But I remember him . Mr Dread . Nothing can wipe out that face . That 's why she founded BURPSS . It 's been her life . Trying to find some way of proving what really happened to her . I don 't think Mr Dread just wiped your memory . I think he left something with you for safe keeping in 1972 . Somehow this has always felt so special . I have no idea where it came from , where I bought it , or found it . It 's just always felt so precious . I haven 't taken it off in 40 years . Androvax , no ! It 's picking up aliens ! It 's working . Prepare to be incinerated . It 's you ! Wait till BURPSS hear about this . - They 'll kill my mum . - But we will save your planet . - You want to get a new motor , mate . - Thank you , I 'll take this one . If something 's going to happen , it 's going to happen ? You don 't need my mum , you can take me . But you still help me , when the rebirth of my civilisation means the end of yours ?
