 ¶ two ... Two , three ... ¶ ¶ ( door whooshes open ) hey , guys . Remember carlos , the elderly one-legged cowboy Who lives next door ? I beat him up and took his hat ! It 's really nice . I hope he 's not hurt too bad . Come on ! Let 's go to a redneck bar . ( others cheering ) ( country music playing ) Wha ... ? It 's called line dancing , professor . It 's fun ' cause there 's no touching and lots of rules . Hey , look , a mechanical buggalo ! Out of my way , losers ! I have a way with bucking mechanical things . Yep . ( sultrily ) : Hey , baby . I 'm bender . ( feedback squeals ) Ooh-whee ! Gather ' round , yokel wannabes ! This here city slicker 's 'bout to get his nuts bolted ! Oh , yeah ? If I don 't set a new club record , I 'll eat my hat . ( bell rings , buzzer sounds ) 0.4 seconds ! A new club record for shortest ride . ( cheers and applause ) Told you ! Yee-haw ! Still , someone should eat the hat . ( slurping , munching ) ( bell dings ) ( grunting ) ( screams ) ( grunts ) ( cheers and applause ) ( bell dings ) ( screams ) Oh , my . ( bell dings ) ( grunting ) ( screams ) ( sighs ) ( screams ) ( bell dings ) ( giggles ) Oh ! Whoa ! ( gasping ) ( screaming ) Something 's wrong ! Turn it off before she barfs up her bucket of hot wings ! ( screaming ) It 's not responding ! Command center , override ! Override ! ( rapid beeping ) Oh , no . It 's achieved consciousness ! God forgive us for creating this . Make it stop ! Oh , god , please make it stop ! ( screaming ) ( crowd screaming ) Look out , little drunk sheila ! ( screaming ) ( whimpers ) ( buzzer sounds ) 48.3 seconds ! We got us a winner ! ( cheers and applause ) Oh , thank god you 're all right And won us a free steak dinner . Why didn 't you let go ? My hand is stuck ! There must be glue on the saddle ! ( grunting ) Relax . Let maybe a doctor take a look . Ah , just as I had no idea . You 're breaking out in suction cups . Ew ! Why is that happening ? And will I have to die listening to country music ? Not if I can get you to a better doctor . We 'll have to hurry- - he doesn 't have much time ! ( popping ) ( siren wailing ) What is it , dr . Tenderman ? Is it serious ? I 'm afraid these suction cups Are merely the first phase of a process called " squidification . " ( all gasp ) I probably gave it to you ! Sometimes I don 't wash my hands for years at a time . I 'm afraid it 's a genetic condition That sometimes affects mutants . Your limbs will gradually transform Into a slithering mass of ... Tentacles . Oh , god ! So , how many cures are there for this disease ? I 'm afraid ... None . The only treatment is an incredibly expensive operation That just delays the symptoms for a few months . ( crying ) : Oh ! I wish I 'd never been born ! ( crying ) damn it . Why me ? ! There are still so many things I wanted to let go of ! Leela , no matter what happens , No matter what kind of monster you turn into , It won 't change the way I feel about you . Zoidberg ? ( popping ) ( water rushing in distance ) ( crying ) It 's like I 'm cursed ! Isn 't it bad enough that I occasionally lay an egg ? Now I have to become a squid , too ? ! ( crying ) Aw , sweetie , tentacles are beautiful . I mean , look at your mother here . She 's so gorgeous , you hardly even notice the tentacles . And if you 're worried , you can always move down here with us . In the sewer , you 'll fit right in . ( sloshing ) Sewer mail ! ( singsong ) : He 's single . I don 't care if that operation will only delay the tentacles . Somehow , we got to find a way to pay for it . ( sighs ) it 's no use . There 's absolutely no way we can afford to ... Wait ! We 'll sell ol ' bessie ! Fry , take the old gal to market And get the best darn price you can . ( others cheering ) yeah , I will ! Yeah , all right ! ( cowbell ringing ) Come on , ol ' bessie . Man : Warp drives ! Get your warp drives ! ( whistles ) Say , friend , that 's a heck of a ship . She 's worth a lot of money . I 'm gonna sell her at market So my girlfriend can get surgery for her squidification . ( whistles ) Jeepers , my wife had that . Got sicker and sicker , and in the end ... We found a miracle cure ! Giant beans ? They must be worth a fortune ! These babies are the jewels of the bean kingdom . But since you 're in a jam , I 'll trade ' em For that ship of yours . Hmm . I don 't know . They 're the cure-all that cures a lot ! Rheumatism , botulism , seborrhea , Diarrhea , desiccation , perspiration , Common cold and , uh ... Um , uh ... Squidification ? If you say so . Wait a second . How could beans possibly cure her ? Because they 're magic ! They fell from the sky ! Oh , now you tell me ! I did it ! I got a great deal on the ship ! Hooray ! I knew you wouldn 't let us down in any way . Well , how much did you get ? Two ! Two magic beans ! ( groans ) : Ooh ! You sack of bags of buckets of idiots ! There 's no such thing as magic beans ! ( sighs ) : Oh . " fry , you big dummy " ? Very much so . Whatever you 're trying to do , I appreciate it . But this is one of those rare problems with no magic solution . ( crickets chirping ) You look sad . You want to go down to the phone store And check out the new ringtones ? No . It 's been a weird day . I 'm just gonna stay here and think for a while . Okay . ( kisses , pops ) Leela : To my wonderful friends , Words can 't express how thoughtful you 've been . I don 't want to make you suffer through this with me , So I 've decided to move underground To the sewer . I 'll miss several of you , But I know it 's the right thing to do . Please , don 't try to contact me down there . It 'll only make things harder . Good-bye . ( grunts ) That 's new . Eh , I 'll take the beanstalk less traveled . ( grunting ) ( grunting ) Wow . I 've never been up this high before . Well , outer space , I guess . ( rumbling ) W-whoa ! It 's collapsing ! What the ... ( grunting ) It 's some kind of deluxe apartment in the sky . ( laughs ) Oh . ( sniffs ) ( gasps ) ( slurping ) ( burps ) ( neighs ) It 's like a fairy tale ! Finally , a turn for the better . ( choking ) Gotcha . This situation deteriorated fast . ( humming ) Whoa ! We 've been weed-whacked ! Whoa , check out that giant ... ( screams ) ( thud ) Your intruder , mother . ( gasps ) That is one skugly critter . ( grunts ) I 'm not an animal , I 'm a mutant being , And I demand to know where I am . There . Leela : Momsanto ? Yes , you 've discovered My floating genetic engineering facility . Our experiments would be illegal on earth , But up here , I 'm above the law . ( laughs ) Nice pun , mother . It 's not a pun , it 's a play on words ! Come on , I 'll show you the lab . This is colossus- - the beanstalk project . Ordinary beans are a magical fruit , But they 're tiny and pathetic , so we spliced Elephant dna into their chromosomes for added heft . ( trumpets ) ( beeping ) ( buzzes ) So those magic beans are actually genetically engineered ? You can 't just meddle with life like that . Who do you think you are- - god ? I wish . Then I could stop these things From collapsing under their own weight . Why are you committing these atrocities against nature ? Nature 's out of its league . There are 40 billion hungry people on this planet , Many of whom will pay top dollar for one of my pine-u-porks . ( snorts ) Find yourself a porcupine , blast some pig dna into it , Microwave till juicy . ( bell dings ) and bang ! You 've got a cocktail treat Complete with built-in toothpicks . ( chewing noisily ) Dare I even ask what horrors are behind that door ? It 's where I keep my warning signs , all right ? Stop asking questions ! Fine . Can I go now ? The only place you 're going is nowhere . You 've got some freaky dna , And I want to see what 's in your genes . ( snickers ) Genes with a " g " ! Ow ! Now , that 's a pun . Oh ! I miss leela so much . Last night in the bathtub , I ate a whole box of taco shells . Yes , I was there . I know she said not to contact her , but it 's been three weeks . I 'm going to fall down that manhole again and visit her . ( ringing ) Leela 's wrist thingy . How can I help you ? Fry , where 's leela ? We haven 't seen her since she sprouted tentacles . What ? ! She didn 't move down there ? ! Then where is she ? That 's what I called to ask you . Well , you didn 't ! I 've got to figure out where leela went . I just need some kind of clue . Ow ! ( gasps ) leela 's boot . Where did it come from ? I think it fell from the sky , but I 'm not sure . Now I 'm sure . ( both gasping ) Whoa ! Whoa ! ( both screaming ) ( both grunt ) Whoa ! Remember that mural on my cousin 's van ? It 's like it came to life ! I keep telling you , we didn 't grow up together . Leela : Help , help ! ( gasps ) Leela , don 't worry , we 're here to rescue you ! How do we get up there ? I 'll let my hair down and you can climb up ! That 's not hair . I don 't care what it is . I just like climbing . Holy rapunzel , man-bat ! There 's a duo here to rescue us ! How dynamic are they ? Not very . Go about your business , citizens . Well , back to being the subject Of gruesome genetic experiments , old chum . ( gasping ) ow ! Oh ! Yah ! Oh ! Ee ! ( grunts ) ( chuckles ) Oh , leela , it 's so great To see your beautiful face again . Let me give you a hug . Uh , okay . Go in that corner . It 's the hugging corner . You , too , bender . Instead , I went to bed because I 'm tired now . This is about your tentacles , isn 't it ? Look , leela , there 's nothing about your body That could ever shock me , so ... ( screams ) That is nasty ! Sorry I screamed , leela . I was just so ... Excited to see you . Yeah . Let 's just get out of here . No problem . I 'll bend the door open . You can 't bend a wooden door ! ( hushed ) : I know that , and you know that . But this door looks pretty stupid . ( grunting ) ( grunts ) ( gasps ) What time is it ? Time for you to shut up ! ( hisses ) ( both scream ) Quick , in here ! ( gasping ) ( grunting ) ( all panting ) We 'll be safe in this utter darkness . ( low growling ) Hey , maybe one of these switches turns off that scary noise . ( growling continues ) ( all scream ) Fee-fi-fo-fum ! You had me at " fee " ! It 's another one of mom 's genetic monstrosities ! Poor thing . We 've got to help him . I thought we were in a hurry to escape , But whatever . It 's okay , big guy . We won 't let her hurt you anymore . ( roars ) ( gasping ) ( screaming ) ( sighs ) ( roars ) ( screams ) ( growls ) ( screams ) ( grunting ) Well , look what the giant cat dragged in . Memo to self : Breed giant cat to drag things in . You 're not breeding any giant thing ! It 's reckless and irresponsible , and we 're going to stop you . Yeah ! Even if it means crashing this ship with us in it . Yeah ! Wait . Crashing what with who in it ? ( all screaming ) Don 't worry , mother , we 'll save ... ( grunts ) Mm , mm , mm . Mama knows what I like ! Huh ? The sky is falling ! I say , I say , the sky is falling ! ( squawks ) ( people screaming ) ( all gasping ) ( all gasping ) And remember , don 't report them missing Till after we max out their credit cards . Squid attack ! Hit the deck ! ( all gasp ) We 're back , baby . And we brought you a little something . ( grunts ) ( all gasp ) It 's okay . Leela 's just changed a little . More than a little . She 's beautiful ! Listen , fry , whatever it was That you and I had together ... Goulash ? No ! Well , I don 't know . Maybe it was goulash . But it can 't really continue . What are you talking about ? I want to spend my life with you . No , you don 't . I mean , look at me . Big deal . Looks change . No matter what happens , You 'll always be leela , the woman I love . Thank you , fry . ( both moaning quietly ) Ah , there you are , leela . I just wanted to thank you For helping me engineer the perfect bean . You 've made me a very richer woman . What ? ! I would never help you commit Your perverted crimes against nature ! My marigolds ! Thanks to that dna sample You generously donated while locked in my tower , My beanstalks now have suction cups To keep them from collapsing . That 's horrible ! Is it ? Now the world 's starving masses have A cheap , abundant source of nutrition . But not too cheap . I 'll take the cash , and you can have the credit . I don 't want the credit ! Genetic engineering is wrong ! Oh , really ? Tell that to your old friend , the giant . ( screams ) where is he ? ! Oh , god , he 's invisible now ! Fee-fi , hi . ( chuckles ) : I 'm stan . Ah-ha ! You see ? I freed him from Your infernal contraption and he returned to normal , On the contrary . I suffer from hereditary gigantism . Or I did , until mom cured me of my awful disease Using genetic engineering . That 's why she had me hooked up in her lab . Oh . Well , congratulations . You look great . But even if genetic engineering feeds the hungry And cures some giant guy , that doesn 't make it right ! We have no idea what the long-term effects will be . And once that genie 's out of the bottle ... I can cure you , too . Okay , I 'm in . ( birds chirping ) ( unicorn neighs ) Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
