 ¶ two ... Two , three ... ¶ ¶ ( whirring ) ( whooshing ) ( static , trilling ) ( tones playing ) ( tones playing ) ( tones playing ) ( tones playing ) I don 't know if you 've heard the news , But it 's good , everyone . I fixed my hearing aid . ( squealing ) ( tones playing ) Say , what 's that sound ? It 's that shwacked-out music From outer space again . Darned kids . In my day , sound didn 't travel through space . There 's something really familiar About that melody . ( tones playing ) It 's not " walking on sunshine . " It 's not " foggy mountain breakdown . " What else is there ? I don 't know , but I do have a friend Who helps me identify melodies . His name is shazam . ( beeping ) shazam , what song is this ? ( clears throat ) ( singing tone ) Shazam : Your singing is awful . I can 't take it anymore . ( tones playing ) There it is again . It 's driving me crazy . Why am I the only one whining ? All personnel , report to the laboratory . I 've discovered the source of the music . ( laughing ) Hologram off . As you can see , I 've picked up an alien ship On the long-range scanner . It seems to be emitting Musical tones in an effort to communicate . Why don 't they just use a thoughtspike Like normal people ? ( with echo ) : I don 't know , amy . But what are those aliens trying to ask us ? What do the tones mean ? Isn 't it obvious ? Uh , no . Drat , I was hoping it was . Well , whatever it is , we 'd better figure it out soon Because that ship will reach earth in two weeks . ( all gasping ) That 's a hell of a slow ship . I know I 've heard that melody before . I-I just can 't remember where . Hmm . Perhaps we can narrow it down By seeing what part of fry 's brain Becomes active when he hears it . ( tones playing ) Interesting . I can isolate those tones to a memory Fry formed on December 31 , 1999 . ( whimpers ) That 's the day I fell in the freezer tube . ( chewing ) I , too , was on earth that day , On my mission to ensure Fry 's successful transport To the future . But I recall no such music . I always forget that he can talk . Well , that must be when I heard it . But I guess the memory is gone forever . Like kaboom cereal . And my family . Oh , fuff . The memory still exists Somewhere in your subconscious mind . Amy , prepare the radio-cranial dream injector . Okay . What is it ? Here 's the deal : We 'll induce a dream state In which fry will reenact the day of December 31 , 1999 . The rest of us will watch everything on this monitor . Will I have pants on in this dream ? Only if you wear these dream pants . Hey , this is a diaper . Put it on and shut up . Now remember , while you 're in the dream , It 's critical that you locate the source of the music . Ready to go to sleep ? Almost . Can I have some milk and cookies first ? Yes . In syringe form . ( grunts ) ( alarm clock ringing ) Huh ? My alarm clock ? Is that the music ? Not even close , you tone-deaf moron . Professor : Now get out of bed and start dreaming . ( gasps ) my old apartment . My old turtle . My old burrito . My old girlfriend . Old ? Don 't call me old . A lot of young people have false teeth . Don 't worry about it , michelle . You 're just a dream . In which case , it wouldn 't really be cheating On leela if we were to ... Leela : Move it along ! ( church bells ) nope . ( bird chirping ) nope . ( lullaby playing ) Man , I always wanted to ride in that stroller . But nope . Where could I have heard that music ? Yo , cosmic f . What up ? Hey , my old breakdancing crew . I haven 't seen you guys in years . What are you up to ? Nothing but breakdancing . Cool . Yo , noticeably f.A.T. , Drop me that one beat That I 'm having a hard time remembering . Word up . That 's why I 'm even in this dream . ( beatboxing ) Well , there 's no denying that was funky-fresh . But alas , not what I 'm looking for . Damn , don 't nobody like beatboxing no more . I 'ma go take that job offer at lehman brothers . ( rb music playing ) The neighborhood strip club . I never actually went in there , but it 's worth a shot . Whoa . This place is a lot more nude than I expected . Professor : Fry , you dope . You never went in there , so you can 't remember it . Ah , rats . I wanted lap-dance nachos . ( melodic chime ) is that it ? Ah , no , it 's just that ice cream truck that almost ran me over . ( screaming ) ( sighs ) Sorry , everyone , no luck yet . ( yawning ) And I could really use some coffee . No , you need a turkey dinner . You have to get back to dreamland . Why ? I thought that alien ship Wouldn 't be here for two weeks . Exactly . And you 've been asleep for 13 and a half days . ( tones playing ) ( sirens , tires screeching ) Ow ! Suing ! Ow ! ( tones playing ) ( tones playing ) ( tones playing ) Aw , this never happens , I swear . There 's no time to lose . We 've got to get fry back into that dream So he can remember where he heard those tones . Stop . I 'd really rather not relive my last day in the past . It was awful . Hanging out with my crazy family , Falling in a cryogenic freezer . Can 't you just dissect my brain ? With the building shaking like this ? No chance . Hold out your arm . ( tones playing ) Wow ! Eeh , my old house . There 's not one thing about this place that I missed . ( dog barking ) Seymour . I forgot about you . Aw , I missed your stinky breath so much . Maybe I do kind of miss this place . Maybe I just convinced myself I hated it 'cause I knew I could never come back . You know , boy , This was the last time I ever saw my family . ( sniffling ) ( sniffing ) ( barking ) Geez , philip , I just put seymour out . Now he 's tracking stink in here . By which I mean you . ( laughing ) Yeah , yancy , I stink . Attaboy , yancy . Gorbachev that forehead up good . Good old , crazy old dad . Go , you bastard . Kick that football . Aw , you blew it again . Hi , mom . Who 's playing ? Nobody . I 'm watching the charlie brown special . ( gasp ) Is that what I think it is ? Yep , your favorite . Captain crunch casserole . Aww , it 's been a thousand years since I had this . Can I lick the beaters ? Well , sure . Just let me unplug it before you ... ( muffled screaming ) Mmm . Dear god . He 's not looking for the melody at all . He 's enjoying himself . Fry , this is professor farnsworth . Get out of your house and keep moving . You 're on a mission . Okay , jeez , give me a minute , will you ? Hey wait , can you guys hear the professor , too ? Yep . Does that seem strange to you ? Well , no , not in a dream . Lots of weird stuff could happen . Philip , have you lost weight ? Damn it , fry . Stop wasting time with your loved ones And find the source of the music . ¶ ( giggling ) ( blows whistle ) You 'd better eat quickly , philip . You don 't want to be late for work . You know what ? I don 't want to deliver pizzas tonight . I 'd rather have one last night with my family . You mean before the y2k turns our computers And waffle irons against us ? Wise choice , son . You 're gonna get fired , phil . How are you gonna pay off your debt To the columbia house record club If you keep losing jobs ? He 's right . You should go . We 'll still be here tomorrow . Yeah , but what if I 'm not ? I-I mean , what if I never see you again , mom ? There 's a lot of stuff I want to tell you . Well , like what ? Well ... ( doorbell ringing ) ( barking ) Oh , sorry to disturb you all , But fry needs to get going . I was just telling him that , leela . Mom ? You know leela ? Nope . Leela , what are you doing in my dream ? The professor sent me in To put an end to this quality time . Please . I need more time with my mom . But it 's not even her . She 's just part of your dream . That 's as close as I 'm gonna get . ( sighs ) Okay , but hurry . The world 's ending and your dream pants need changing . Listen , mom ... ( doorbell ringing ) Hello . We 're friends of philip j . Fry . Oh , my god , is that A captain crunch casserole ? ( crunching , slurping ) Stop eating , zoidberg ! We 're only here to get fry out of the house . ( gasps ) manwiches ? ( sniffing ) Stop that ! Stop that at once ! Hey , mr . F. The waffle iron ! It 's turned against us ! ( explosion , belches ) Excuse me . Mom , listen . Don 't ask how I know , But I 'm never going to see you again . And there 's a lot that I always wished I had said before I ... ( doorbell rings ) Quit goofing off . You may be asleep , but you 're not on break . This crisis has reached the highest level . Arroo ! Good god , it 's richard nixon , Our greatest president ! That 's right , daddy-o , And I need to take your hippie son On a far-out musical quest . Get out of my house , you commie . ( seymour yipping ) no ! I 'm not ready to leave yet . Mom ! ( agnew grunts ) Okay , kid , focus . Where 'd you hear that music ? Sock hop ? Co-ed dorm ? Black panther meeting ? I just want to talk to my mom . Let me back in there , agnew ! ( grunting angrily ) It 's no use , fry . You were never in your house again after 10 : 00 p.M. No ! ( sobbing ) Cheer up , fry . I 'll sing you a tune you can identify . ¶ let 's go already . ( tones playing ) ( tones playing ) ( owls hoot ) I just wanted to talk to my mom . Your mom died hundreds of years ago . Get over it ! Quickly ! We 've got to find the tones And get out of this dream . Fine . I 'll take you to the stupid pizzeria Where I worked that night . ( zapping ) ( growls ) ( booming ) You stink , loser . Yeah , yeah . ( eight-bit melody plays ) ( gasps ) is that the music ? No , that 's just the sound the game makes When you get the all-time lowest score . Hey , fry . Pizza goin ' out . Come on ! ( seymour whimpering ) I won 't be gone long , seymour . Just wait here until ... ( whimpering ) Hold on . This is my dream . You don 't have to wait here . Shrink down and get in my pocket . ( barks ) ( panting ) Okay , let 's ride . ( barks ) Hey , we can 't all fit on that bike . Dream up some kind of luxury vehicle so we can ride in style . ( bell chimes ) ( zoidberg panting ) ( bell chimes ) ( horn beeps ) What about that non-hovering hovercar ? Is that making the music ? It 's called a car . And no . Michelle ! Baby ! Where you going ? It 's not working out , fry . ( tires screech ) I put your stuff out on the sidewalk ! Hey , you hussy ! You can 't dump fry ! That 's my job ! Professor : Hurry ! Only two minutes until midnight ! ( muzak playing ) ( shouts ) that music ! That horrible , agonizing music ! Is that the tune , fry ? No . Then stop dreaming it ! ( music stops ) Hello ? Pizza delivery for ... I.C. Wiener ? Aw , crud . Every time ! ( slurps , sighs ) it 's no use . Nothing else happened till I fell in the freezer tube . Well , that 's not quite true . Spit it out , pookie . As I mentioned , I was present that night To ensure that fry fell into the tube . I was standing here . ( rumbling ) ( others shouting ) The world outside the dream is cracking apart . Like a delicious frozen charleston chew ! Don 't panic . The dream isn 't over yet . Crowd ( outside ) : Ten , nine , eight ... Okay , now you can panic . The last thing I did was blow my noisemaker sarcastically To underscore my deep disappointment with life . ( noisemaker toots ) The noisemaker ! Was that it ? Amy , I 'm deeply disappointed in you . ( blows sharply ) ¶ ( tones playing ) ( two beeps ) ( distorted ) : I ... Heard ... It ! ( beeping ) ( snorts , shouts ) ( others mumbling groggily ) That was it ! Did you hear it ? ( others murmuring negatively ) Hear what ? Just as I was falling into the tube ! I heard the tones , plus two extra notes . Extra notes ? ! That could be a response the aliens are waiting for ! Quickly . To mount shushmore ! ( whooshing ) This is our last chance , fry ! When the alien ship plays the tone sequence , Respond with the exact notes you remembered in your dream Or we 're all dead . No pressure . ( tones playing ) ( cracks knuckles ) Will you come on ? ! ( high-pitched note rings twice ) ( deep note booms twice ) ( whizzing ) Digby ? Nibbler ? What is going on here ? Why is a nibblonian trying to blow us up ? Yes . Why ? I 'm not trying to blow you up . I 'm looking for ... Well , you remember , don 't you , nibbler ? Well , I ... ( clears throat ) ( mumbles ) it was just over a thousand earth years ago ... As lord nibbler 's personal chauffeur , I landed him On one of your planet 's many rooftops For an important mission . While waiting for him to knock some idiot 's chair over , I suddenly realized I 'd forgotten to lock the ship . ( tones playing ) ( ship beeps twice ) we then went out For a well-earned libation . It being the celebration Of your planet 's millennium , We soon became somewhat inebriated . ( burps ) ( slurred ) : No , you 're drunk . Hey , you remember where we parked ? ( slurred ) : No . You ? ( keys clink ) Give me that . You 're in no condition ( hiccups ) to fly . ( keys plop in distance ) Bye-bye , keys . ( sighs ) I remember now . We had to take a cab back to our base on vergon 6 . The boss gave me a spare key and I began going planet to planet Looking for the company car . But why did you have to blast us with that deafening music ? What , you mean the key fob ? ( tone sequence plays loudly ) ( others shout ) All right , that 's enough of that . I know exactly where you left your ship . ( crickets chirping ) That 's it all right . Although the cassette player 's been stolen And the battery 's dead . ( ship starter clicks ) ( vibrating ) : Aw , yeah . ( engine starts ) ( whirring ) Fry , you have once more done my people a great service . On my honor , I shall find a way to repay you . Thanks . But no one can give me what I really want . I can 't stand to see him like this . I 'll push him off the roof . ( crickets chirping ) ( groaning ) ( cheering on tv ) Hi , mom . Hi , sweetie . You want some crackers and a slice of hat ? No , thanks . Listen , um ... I never got the chance to talk to you . Do you have a few minutes ? Sure , honey , you 're the most important thing in my life Once this game is over . ( sighs ) what 's the point ? What good is it to talk to her in my own dream ? Announcer : And that 's it ! Wisconsin has defeated stanford 17 to 9 In the 2000 rose bowl ! What an occasionally exciting way to start the new millennium ! ( whoops ) Whoa , whoa , whoa , wait a second . I never saw that game . It happened after I got frozen . How can I be dreaming it in such detail ? Because this isn 't your dream . It 's your mother 's dream . Whoa , wh-what ? I told you we would reward you . Make it count , my friend . Mom ? There 's so much I need to say . Is it really you ? Yes . I 've dreamed about you a lot since you disappeared . What did you want to tell me ? ¶ ¶ hold me in your arms ... ( pants ) ( barks ) ¶ let me be the one who can feel ¶ ¶ like I am a child in love ... ¶ Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
