 ¶ two ... Two , three ... ¶ ¶ ( humming ) Are you about to brush your teeth ? Yeah . Why ? No reason . ( giggles ) ( laughs ) What 's so funny ? Eh , nothing . Wait a minute . Have you been using my toothbrush To polish your ass again ? What ? ! Me , bender the robot ? There 's metal flakes on it . And they look like ass flakes . How dare you accuse me ! I would never do something like that to a friend ... Every single night while he 's sleeping . ( whirring ) ( whirring ) Who sent you ? ! Why are you dressed like fry ? 'cause I 'm fry . Oh ! Fry , you old paranoid kook . What can I get you ? A hidden camera for my bathroom . I suspect a certain robot of unauthorized butt brushing . Got ya . What you need is one of these holographic minicams . Films in every direction at once And stores the video on a remote 15-inch floppy disc . I 'll take it ! Excellent . Let me just wrap that up for you . Who said that ? ! ( chuckles ) ( gasps ) You ate my lunch again , you tainted oyster ! That 's a lie ! I brought my own lunch today . Hiyah ! Hah ! Ho-ho ! Heeyah ! ( groans ) Amy , quit using my punching bag For golf ball target practice . It 's all lumpy . It wasn 't me . And anyway , you 're the one Who 's been using my golf clubs to pound dents out of the ship . I didn 't bend your golf club . And the next time I don 't bend it , It 'll be over your head . All right , people ... And other things , We got some big deliveries coming up , so ... Your attention , please . I 'm sure you 're all wondering why I gathered you here today . We gather here every day . I hereby , in front of all of you , accuse bender Of polishing his ass with my toothbrush . ( gasps ) lies ! He 's just jealous That my ass is shinier than his teeth . Ha-ha , we 'll find out who 's lying , my friend . Because I planted a spy camera in our apartment ! Let 's just see what you were up to last night While I was asleep . Yes , let 's do see . Okay , get ready . Uh , keep watching . Let me fast forward a little . Huh . Well , sorry , bender . I guess I owe you an apol ... Hey , wait ! What 's going on through that doorway ? Let 's go , doc , chop him up . I got a rich customer needs that kidney , stat . There , see ? I didn 't use your toothbrush . You stole my kidney ! Don 't try to change the subject . Enough , you two . It just so happens That I also planted a spy camera To catch amy using my punching bag . ( fly buzzing ) ( grunting ) ( grunting ) Yet still , I feel empty inside . ( groans ) That 's the most uncomfortable sleeping bag I ever slept in . You were living in my punching bag ? If you call that living . You bent my golf club ? Yep . And yet , what did it solve ? What did the violence solve ? Enough of this foolishness ! Amazingly , I , too , set up a spy camera To catch zoidberg stealing my lunch . Yeah , I 'll keep the kidney cool , no problem . ( laughs ) ( all groaning ) Bleah ! You ate my kidney ? I thought it was one of hermes ' exotic lunches ! You can 't eat my exotic lunch ! That 's a serious offense , woman ! She ate my kidney ! I 'm sorry . I just get really hungry about 11 : 30 . That 's not an excuse . It 's just an explanation of what happened . ( door whooshes opens ) ( groans ) I don 't feel well . I 'm beginning to think my kidney transplant Was a total rip-off . Let 's take a look-see . ( device humming ) My manwich ! No wonder my urine smells like a meal . ( all clamoring ) Enough , you babbling boobs ! How can this company function when no one trusts each other ? Something must be done . But first I have to see a man about some ground beef . ( groans ) Look what you made me do . We 're going on a corporate team-building retreat . What ? ! Oh , man ! Come on ! No ! ( upbeat music plays ) Hello , planet express ! I 'm dan mcmasters , and I 'll be your retreat leader For a week of fun and personal empowerment . I hope you 're happy ! Who are you ? Jackie jr . , ma 'am . Jackie jr . ' s my apprentice . I figure if he 's gonna work here , He might as well get to know the team . Who 's she ? I don 't know . So I hear we 've been having some trust issues , huh ? Well , for the next week , We 'll be doing hundreds of trust falls from every possible height And level of gravity . Or we could not do that . At the start of every retreat , I like to demonstrate The power of trust by finding a perfect stranger To be my assistant . Leela , do me a solid and pick up The next space hitchhiker you see . ( squealing brakes sound ) You going to andromeda or thereabouts ? No , sir , But how would you like to be part Of an exciting business retreat ? Mm , just don 't drop me off on an asteroid Like the last guy did . Okay , team , if I can trust a total stranger , You can sure as heck trust your own coworkers . In fact , I 'm gonna make The first trust fall of the week Backwards into the waiting arms of my new assistant . Just stand here like so . Good . I 'll fall backwards , and you catch me . I trust you ... ! ( roars ) ( all shrieking ) ( burps ) ( slurping , hisses ) ( all gasping ) ( creature crawling down vent ) Where 'd it go ? ! I thought we installed alien-proof air vents ! It 's on my list . ( power whirs down , electrical crackling ) What 's happening ? ! The ship 's lost power ! Oh , my , adrift in deepest space With a vicious alien killer aboard ! Any one of us could be next : Fry , bender , jackie jr . , leela ... ( roaring , jackie gasps ) That took longer than I expected . Quick , into the ship 's panic room ! ( air hisses ) ( all panting ) I didn 't know we had a panic room . Me , neither . It really could have come in handy , Like , 50 times . We 'll be safe in here . The walls are impregnable , and we have enough food And board games to survive for weeks . We 'll be dead within an hour . ( beeping ) all life support has shut down ! So you 're all gonna die ? Then who 'll ghost-write my autobiography ? Now hold on . There may be a slim chance of survival . We 'll have to split into three teams . Hermes and zoidberg will crawl through the air vents And restart the life support fan . Amy and leela will retrieve the steering wheel So we can steer the ship from here . And fry and bender , you 'll spacewalk onto the hull And relight the pilot light on the engine . Aw , man , why do I have to team up with him ? And me with her ? And I with it ? Hush , hush , hush , hush ! There 's not time to lose . ( air hisses ) Just be careful . The creature could be anywhere ... Except in this room . ( latches locking ) ( device trills ) The name of the game is candy land . ( airlock whooshes ) You go first . I don 't want you locking me out there like hal . Still don 't trust me , huh ? Well , you can take your lack of trust And jam it in your kidney hole . The only person I trust is myself . Help ! I forgot my magnetic shoes ! ( sighs ) ( grunts ) Just stay out of my way , boy . ( grunts ) ( gas hissing ) There . Who needs teamwork when you got bender ? ( yells ) Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Help ! My gyroscope melted ! I 'm out of control ! Both : Whoa ! Whoa ! Whoa ! If the creature kills me , I just hope it doesn 't make me into a sandwich And leave it in the fridge where some crawfish can get at it . For the last time , hermes , I didn 't steal your lunch . It was leela . She beat me to it . ( device dinging ) put a squid in it . We 're here . Oy , there 's the problem . Jackie jr . ' s skull is blocking the doodad . Hooray ! Everything 's fine ! ( device trills ) Something 's coming ! Oh , no , no . ( groans ) ( both groaning ) ( both yelling ) ( squeaking ) Oh , it 's just a chinchilla . What a cute little ... ( screeches ) ( both yelling ) Help ! I 'm stuck ! Don 't panic- - we 'll be okay . ( beeping ) Addendum . The monster won 't even know the ship has a basement . Unless you posted it on facebook . Like the last secret I told you . I didn 't know that was a secret . Lots of people wear a jockstrap Thinking it 's a thong . ( movement nearby ) What was that ? ( growls ) ( both scream ) ( leela grunting ) Amy , run ! Quit telling me what to do . ( grunts ) ( groans ) Now will you run ? Okay . ( both panting ) ( both grunting ) Do something , fry ! ( gasping for air ) Not that . Stop dying and fix my gyroscope . ( grunts ) Fry : I don 't even know what a gyroscope is . Wait , I have an idea . ( bender grunting ) Hey , what are you doing ? Cut that out . ( both grunting ) Hey , you got me under control . Fry : Fry and bender- - a winning combination . Bender : Let 's call ourselves frender . Both : ¶ frender , frender , frender ¶ frender , frender , frender ¶ ¶ frender ... ( panting ) ( panting ) I got the steering wheel . ( both whooping ) Leela and amy- - a winning combination . Yay , lamey ! ( both panting ) The creature ! ( grunting ) ( beeping ) ( zoidberg grunting ) ( yelling ) It 's attacking me ! Hiyah ! Yah ! Yah ! ( grunting ) This is a job for hermberg . You fend off the creature with kicks and farts While I un-stick you with my slippery ink . ( yelling ) ( grunts ) Hermes ? We thought you were the creature . And we thought you were the creature . ( all laughing ) Fry and bender : We made it , too . ( both grunting ) But my gyroscope 's permanently busted- - I guess I 'll be Dizzy and uncoordinated for the rest of my ... ( grunts ) ( yelling ) Yeah , it 's fixed ! My coordination 's back , baby . Yeah . ( whooping ) Aah . ( growling ) ( yells ) ( all gasping , panting ) I 've got navigation . We 're on our way home . ( all whooping ) It just shows how everything is possible When you work together . Speaking of which , I have a surprise announcement . There never was a creature . Surprise . ( all clamoring ) The whole adventure was just a training exercise To teach you the value of teamwork . ( laughs ) Huh , I should be mad , But it worked pretty well . You were really brave , leela . And you seriously nailed that thing with your golf shot . Fry , you saved my ass out there . Aw , I couldn 't let anything happen to something that shiny . And , dr . Zoidberg , it was your quick thinking ... ( screeches ) Uh , yup . ( creature growling ) ( all clamoring ) ( electrical crackling ) Bad news , everyone . The creature is a shape-shifter . It knocked me out and took my form So it could prey on poor hermes . I weren 't fooled . The real professor wun 't never 've ... ( screeches ) Dern . ( all moaning ) Bad news , everyone . The creature is a shape-shifter . It knocked me out and took my form So it could prey on poor hermes and scruffy . Nice try , buddy . We 're not buying it this time . But-but I 'm the real professor . I can prove it . If you 'll step up real close To my microscope here , I 'll show you that my dna is completely ... ( screeches ) ( all moaning ) Is it safe to come ... ( screams ) ( all clamoring ) ( buttons beeping ) It 's time we solved this problem the old-fashioned way . By shooting it . Wait , wait , wait , wait , you can 't give everybody guns . What if one of us is the creature ? It could be any of us . Fry . Leela . Amy . Zoidberg ... Zoidberg . ( all gasping ) One of us must be the bad creature . Is it me maybe ? ( growling ) aw . ( screeches ) ( chewing ) ( gasping ) Quick , in here . We 're the only ones left Who can trust each other . I know you well enough that No creature could ever fool me . No matter how much it looked like you . Leela , I 'm honored , but for your own safety , You shouldn 't trust anyone , not even me . But I 'm just so scared . Kiss me . ( both moaning ) Easy , easy , you 're biting my lip . Sorry . Ow , ow , ow ! Wait a second , I know what 's going on here . I 'm the monster . ( screeching ) ( chewing ) ( whimpering ) The creature was right behind me . I don 't know where it went . ( groans ) just leave me alone . I 'm really , really scared . Uh , bender ? What ? Where 'd you get those ears ? I 've always had ears . No , you haven 't . All right , fine , you got me . I can 't keep track of every little detail . ( growls ) ( chewing ) ( both yell ) Okay , to see if you 're the real bender , I 'm gonna ask you something only he would know . On your last birthday , what gift did I get you ? I don 't remember . Me neither . Okay , I 'll ask you one . What 's the square root of 2,345.4 ? That 's not something I would know . Oh , yeah . Your turn . Um , what color is my shirt ? If I were the creature , I could just Look at your shirt , dum-dum . Good point . Aw , never mind this . In case I 'm about to die , I just want you To know that I did polish my ass with your toothbrush . Thanks for telling me , buddy . And to be honest , I am jealous of how shiny your ass is , And sometimes at night , I unpolish it with sandpaper . Aw , I trust you . I trust you , too . ( door whooshes open ) congratulations . ( both yell ) You two have really learned the power of trust . Get away from us , you monster . ( laughs ) don 't worry . There isn 't really a monster . And no one really got eaten . The whole thing was just part of our team-building experience . And you two did terrific . But-but what about that hitchhiker ? You mean my partner , blorgulax ? He does make a convincing hitchhiker . But he majored in business at princeton . But we saw him change shape . Yes , he is a shape-shifter . But he uses his shape-shifting For team-building , not evil . He pretends to eat some people . The others have to work together . We hand out a few tote bags . And boom- - four percent increase in productivity minimum . So no one 's dead ? Of course not- - all your friends are On the bridge having a pizza party . So come on , put the guns down and join us . ( both grunting ) ( both sighing ) Ooh . I think it moved . ( both grunting ) ( both sighing ) Hey , guys . Are you coming to the party or not ? Where 's mcmasters ? He turned out to be such a nice guy , didn 't he ? Totally . We should go on a retreat like this every year . ( excited chattering ) Hermes : Every year . In other news , celebrated business consultant Dan mcmasters was last seen two weeks ago And authorities are now calling his disappearance a homicide . We can 't ever tell anyone what really happened . Never ever . I can trust you , right ? 100 % till the end of time . Can I trust you ? My lips couldn 't be more sealed even if I had lips . Police have no leads , But are offering a $ 1 million reward For information leading to the arrest Of the killer . In the event there are two killers , Police are offering an unusual deal . Total immunity for the one who turns in the other Plus a double reward of $ 2 million . Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
