 - Am I responsible for this ? BELL : I 'm afraid you are . NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : WALTER : Our universe is starting to break down . What was happening on the Other Side is starting to happen here . I destroyed their world to save ours . May God have mercy on us . NINA [ OVER PHONE ] : The machine came on by itself , without Peter . You think Walternate turned the machine on ? It 's triggered by a sympathetic response from the one here . It makes sense . How could he without Peter ? PETER : We all thought that I could turn the machine on . Maybe I can turn it off . Dear God . WOMAN [ OVER PA ] : All civilians proceed to evacuation route immediately . Agent Bishop , take cover ! [ GRUNTING ] Where the hell am I ? [ WOMAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY OVER PA ] NURSE 1 : Peter Bishop . 47 years old . Wound in the abdomen . NURSE 2 : BP is 110 over 70 . NURSE 1 : Start an IV . Where am I ? You were injured in a Fringe event . You 're in good hands . It 's okay . Just lie back . Just relax . He 's bleeding pretty bad . Get me units of his reserve blood . Start transfusion now . Agent Bishop , please , just lie still . [ GROANS ] NURSE 1 : Get me the UV cauterizer . It 's all right , Peter . You 're going to be fine . [ GROANING ] [ PEOPLE CHATTERING ] ELLA : I 'd like to find out how Peter Bishop is doing . May I see your badge ? I don 't have a badge yet . I was just promoted last week . I have a temporary bar code . Can I show you that ? Sure . [ MACHINE BEEPS ] Thank you , Agent Dunham . Agent Bishop has been in recovery for an hour . - He should be out soon . OLIVIA : Ella . Peter 's fine , Aunt Liv . You can just call me " boss " like everybody else . Now , how are you ? I 'm fine . I remember being in my SUV , and next thing I knew I was on the ground and there was shrapnel everywhere . People are saying that it 's the End-of-Dayers . That 's what we think . We think it 's Moreau . PETER : Hey . OLIVIA : Peter . How are you feeling ? Oh , just like new . - So , what did the doctor say ? - The doctor says I 'm fine . No . They said to stay off his feet for a few days . - You 're pushing yourself . - Moreau is out there . Peter , stay off your feet . This is one of those times you say , " You were right . " I 'm not going to say you were right because I got state-of-the-art science on my side . I feel fine , hon . Do you remember what you were saying in the field about the machine and being from the past ? Well , I didn 't say I didn 't get my bell rung , but I 'm doing better now . Two eggs over easy , bacon and grapefruit juice . That 's what I made you for breakfast on Sunday . ASTRID : Hey , guys . Look . OLIVIA : There 's a Stage Three Tear . We 've initiated amber protocol . [ APPLAUSE ] [ WOMAN SINGING OPERA ] [ GRUNTS ] [ BEEPING ] [ ALARM BLARING ] [ SCREAMING ] Hey . The security firm just e-mailed this video . We think they gained entrance from the side fire door . - How come they didn 't trigger the alarm ? - It was disabled . That 's not all . We think we found an Electrilight . It must 've been a dud . I believe so . We finally get to see one . The End Of Days . It 's one of my father 's favorite sermons . The world dies and the savior arrives to end suffering and usher all the worthy into Heaven . Pass me those alligator clips . If my father ever met one of the kooks who 's attempting to end the world , he 'd probably kill them himself . AGENT : Agent ? Eyewitness statements . I 'll let you know if any of this is worthwhile . Anything ? No . Not only can I not tell you how the thing works according to all the readings , it shouldn 't be working at all . There 's probably only one person on Earth who can tell us how this thing functions . Walter . Got any markers you could call in ? You think now is the time ? I think it might be past time . Hello , Walter . It must be bad if they 're letting you see me . It is . I heard a rumor that the sun was burning out . They don 't tell me much in here . The sun is still shining . I also hear there 's been a massive increase in kappa radiation . That one 's true . A wormhole opened in Central Park , right in the center of Sheep 's Meadow . It took us months , but we were finally able to amber it over . A wormhole shouldn 't emit that type of radiation . Not ... Not unless it 's a wormhole through time . Exactly right . The carbon levels were consistent with the late Paleozoic Era . Two hundred and fifty million years ago . Paleozoic ? Sauropods ? My old self would have been fascinated with that . How 's Olivia ? She 's fine . Thank you . I need your help . What is it ? We 're not exactly sure . Some kind of light bomb . Made by a terrorist group . Call themselves the End-of-Dayers . They used them on soft spots trying to rip holes in the fabric of the universe . Trying to accelerate the End Of Days . I 'm hoping if we can figure out how it 's made and maybe trace the parts we can stop them before it 's too late . Even if I could help you I can 't do it from here . I would need my tools my special instruments . We both know that 's not going to happen . - Senator . BROYLES : Hello , Peter . Thank you for your time . No need for formality in here . It 's good to see you . Have a seat . You said it was urgent . It is . I assume you 've been briefed about the End of Days organization . I 'm well aware of the situation , yes . We recovered this device from what 's left of the opera house . Science has been trying to crack the technology but without much luck . What do you need ? I need Walter . Grant him a furlough , so he can help us on the case . That 's out of the question . If we can understand this technology , we may prevent future attacks . Consult with him in prison if you need to . That 's all I can offer . Why ? Are you worried about your re-election prospects ? You know me better than that . I 'm worried about that . The entire globe is disintegrating . We 're putting on Band-Aids and every day , more people are lost because of it , and Walter is responsible . [ SIGHS ] I know him . And I know his intentions weren 't this . But there 's not a person who hasn 't lost someone they love because of him . You can 't begrudge the anger they feel . I don 't . I 'm out there in the streets with them . And yeah , maybe I am putting Band-Aids on it until we can figure out how to reverse the damage . But at least it 's something . And if we figure out this technology , I guarantee you we will prevent future casualties . Phillip . If what we lost in Detroit still means anything to you just give me one chance . It 's all I 'm asking . Where are my things ? They 're all in Evidence , Walter . Don 't worry , Olivia 's on it . Your equipment will be here shortly . Will Astrid be here ? Ha , ha . No . Astrid 's a Fringe Agent now . We need her out in the field . I suppose since she 's no longer caring for me , she was able to spread her wings . May I take a look out back ? My old office . Walter . I didn 't realize how much I missed swivel chairs . I 've also missed swiveling . There 's someone here to see you . A visitor ? Walter . WALTER : Olivia ! Ha-ha-ha ! - Congratulations are in order , my dear . - What for ? Well , the wedding , of course . Oh . That was a while ago now . WALTER : This is the first opportunity I 've had to give you an appropriate welcome to our family . I always did want a daughter . Thank you , Walter . [ CLATTERING ] For goodness ' sake , doesn 't the word " fragile " mean anything to you ? Is that you ? I learned to control it a few years ago . I 'm impressed . MOREAU : So , what 's the next target ? WALTER : The wormhole in Central Park . MOREAU : Considering your world was destroyed by one , I suppose it 's fitting . WALTER : Is this it ? - Followed your specifications to the letter . More than twice the yield of the device we used last night . It won 't be long until this world joins mine . [ DOOR OPENS ] Boys . Any luck ? Afraid not . Can 't make any sense of this technology . I 'll continue to run diagnostics on the canister but even if I am successful , our world is still ending . You may stop this group , but you cannot stop the inevitable . Our destiny was set the day we triggered the Machine . I didn 't understand until it was too late that our two worlds were inextricably linked . Without one , the other simply cannot exist . When their world was destroyed that was the day we sealed our fate . For all intents and purposes that was the day we died . We don 't know that for sure . WALTER : Have you seen him ? Walternate ? No . Nobody has . He 's become a recluse . Imagine coming over here to try to save your world only to be stuck here when your world was destroyed . Not to mention having the same face as the most reviled man in the universe . I just wanted to say at the trial , you spoke on my behalf . Walter , I 'm the one who got in the Machine . I 'm the one who destroyed the other universe . The courts perceived that you did it to defend our universe , and so do I. This all began with me , my hubris . - Walter . - And I just wanted to say thank you . No matter who was at fault , you 're my dad . That smells insanely good . Well , after the day we had , I figured we deserve better than take-out . [ LAUGHS ] Hey . How you holding up ? Heh , I 'm doing fine , why ? Well , you know how Walter would always cook when he was worried about you , so ... Of all the bad habits I could pick up from him , that 's the least of them . Amanda from across the street gave it to us . That 's you and me and the little baby that we 're gonna have that she is planning on babysitting . Oh . Well , I think we should get started on that right away . You 're really gonna use a drawing from a little girl to get lucky ? It sounds so dirty when you say it like that . She 's a sweet little girl . You know , hon , if you wanted to reconsider ... I can 't say that I don 't think about it that I don 't wish things were different . Honey , people still have families . Look at Amanda . She was born into this world and she 's still happy . And the world could get better . So I still think we 're gonna have a kid . - I hope you 're right . - I think we 'll have several . Two , maybe three . A little tribe of Bishops . [ PHONE RINGING ] - Hello ? WALTER [ OVER PHONE ] : I understand now . They 're splitting atoms . Not as an outcome goal , but as a means to an end . - Slow down , Walter . - The diagnostics on the canister . They show residual traces of strontium 90 . That 's a radioactive isotope . That 's how they 're making the Electrilights . - Which means it 'll leave a signature . - Yes . Like radioactive bread crumbs , they 'll lead us to whoever 's doing this . We need Science Division to monitor radiation tracking maps . It 'll be faster if you exclude readings inconsistent with strontium 90 . And look for spikes in the remaining data . This is a campground . Do you think it 's even possible to split atoms here ? I see them making s 'mores maybe , but weapons of mass destruction ? - No . - Is this the right place ? Tracking system is detecting the same signature that registered on the canister . So then where 's the lab ? Okay , you keep searching . I 'm gonna call this in . Find anything out of the ordinary , I wanna know . Yes , ma 'am . AGENT : Sir . We found this sitting on top of a rock . I don 't know if it means anything . - Thank you , agent . - Sure . OLIVIA : Peter ? Maybe Walter was wrong about the signature . Yeah . I 'll go back to Science Division . See if something 's wrong with the detection sensors . Okay , let me know if you find anything . Yup , will do . [ CAR ENGINE TURNS OVER ] [ PEOPLE CHATTERING ] How come no one respects my desk ? You 're too nice . [ ALARM BLARING ] MAN [ OVER PA ] : Team 1 , get ready to deploy . Perimeter breach in Sector 8 in Central Park . This technology is 10 , maybe 15 years ahead of its time . I don 't mind saying , it 's something I would like to have invented . I mean for peaceful purposes . Mining , maybe . Walter , what about the components ? Where were these parts made ? I haven 't the foggiest . [ PHONE RINGING ] Dunham . - I 'm on my way . - What 's wrong ? A security breach at the wormhole . Someone in the park ID 'd Moreau . Come on . [ PHONE RINGING ] Hello ? Hello ? Hello , Peter . Why 'd you leave me the key , Walter ? I knew you 'd recognize it . I couldn 't just call you . - Yes , you could have . - No , no , no . Not if I wanted the proper reunion that we both so richly deserve . So letting me know that Moreau worked for you that was your way of getting my attention ? Among other things . I should have known that the Electrilight came from you . After all , Walter was the only one brilliant enough to figure out how it worked . It stands to reason that you were the only one brilliant enough to invent it . - Yin and yang . - That 's interesting . Interesting that you should say that . - Yin and yang . - Why are you doing this ? Yin and yang . One man broke the universe . The other man did nothing but have his son stolen , his life stolen , ruined . I came over here at the end on a mission of mercy . To ask for help for my side . The race was lost . A race I didn 't initiate , but still I came . And you destroyed us , Peter , my son . - You destroyed your own ... - You activated the Machine on your side . You were going to use it to destroy this universe . I only acted in self-defense . Do you know what it 's like to wake up and just for a moment think that everything is as it was ? And then to realize it 's not and the nightmare you had was real ? Soon , everyone here will experience loss the way that all those over there did . Air , water . Light , even . But you you will experience loss the way I did . What does that mean ? You destroyed my universe , son and I 'm going to destroy yours . But not all at once . Peter 's still not picking up . MAN : Agent Dunham . Spotted a vehicle near the perimeter breach . OLIVIA : What kind of vehicle ? - A bus . Okay . I want all tactical teams to enter the restricted area ... [ CAR ALARM BLARING ] I came here alone , Walter to make a personal plea to you . I 'm sorry for the suffering that I 've caused you . I 'm sorry for destroying your people . Our people . I 'm sorry for destroying our world . And if I could take back that choice I would . But it 's no excuse for what you 're doing now . And it has to stop . I don 't wanna have to use these . But you 're going to come with me now , Father . You know , if I was really there , I might not be able to resist killing you . I think this is the better way so you learn about loss . Let 's start by killing someone you love . They 're gonna evacuate the area to try and contain the wormhole . So can you move everyone back to Sector 3 ? Olivia Dunham my wife was everything to me . [ SPEAKING INAUDIBLY ] Why have we stopped ? What is this , some kind of protest ? No , it 's the wormhole . They 're still trying to seal it up . When we start moving again , can we cut over and take Columbus ... ? Wait , no . Turn the car around . Please . I need to get back to my lab . Diagnostics are almost complete . You used to call me Uncle Walter . Do you remember ? I don 't remember much from before it got bad . So sorry . Ella I understand words can 't come close to medicating your loss . Truly , if I could go back in time and change things , I would . I would give anything to be able to go back and make different choices ... But you can 't . There aren 't any happy endings nowadays , are there ? No , I suppose not . I remember the cow that stayed over there . She had kind eyes . She did , didn 't she ? My Gene . I do miss her . [ COMPUTER BEEPS ] WALTER : That 's it . [ DOORBELL RINGING ] Peter , I was wrong . It 's not too late . You can save both worlds . We can do it all over again . But this time , you simply need to make a different choice . And should something go wrong , then Olivia will be our fail-safe . Walter , stop . Olivia is dead . But she won 't be . Not then . The Machine ? I turned that on 15 years ago . And all the time I sat in prison , I couldn 't figure out where it came from . I knew the pieces were buried millions of years ago but how did they get there , so deep in the past ? But now I understand I sent them there . The wormhole in Central Park . I sent them back through time . Peter , you can stop the destruction before it occurs . If that 's the case , don 't send the Machine back . We 'll never discover it and I 'll never destroy the other universe . It doesn 't work that way . I have already done it . Therefore , I have no choice but to do it again . - Walter , that doesn 't make any sense . - It does . It 's a paradox . I can 't change what happens because it 's already happened but you can make a different choice within what happened . I simply need to find a way to bring your consciousness forward to now so that you can witness what will happen if you make the same choice . Peter , for all I know , it could be happening already . Don 't you see ? We can fix everything . We can cheat the rules of time . Imagine the repercussions . There 's no way of telling what the cost might be . But it can 't be worse than this . Can 't be worse than this . What would I need to do ? Walter , what 's happening to him ? His heart rate 's going up , 156 and climbing . - What 's it doing to him ? WALTER : I don 't know . It 's been 60 seconds . How much longer we gonna let him stay ? Peter is interfaced with the Machine at a biological level . If we take him out prematurely , I 'm afraid we 'll harm him . WALTER : What is it ? - Sir , it just started 60 seconds ago . - What started exactly ? - The Machine , something is happening . The diagnostics are through the roof . Look at this . The soft spots , they 're not closing , they 're getting worse . Bring me Olivia Dunham , now . I don 't understand what you 're asking me to do . The drawing suggests that you have a connection with the Machine . That you can stop it . That you can turn it off . [ MACHINE SHUDDERS ] They outsmarted you , didn 't they ? They know you turned the Machine on so they put Peter in theirs . Now we 're the ones that are gonna get destroyed . - Something 's wrong . - Help me , quick . BROYLES : Come on , let 's move in . Peter . Olivia , you 're alive . [ MACHINE RUMBLES ] Are you doing that ? I understand now . Walter . Walter . I understand now . I understand what the Machine does . I know what it 's capable of and I know where it came from . - The first people ? PETER : Yes , the first people , Walter . But the first people are us . You , more specifically . And maybe Ella and Astrid . I don 't know who took the Machine back through time . But I know something else . I 've seen doomsday . And it is worse than anything you could possibly imagine . This isn 't a war that can be won . Our two worlds are inextricable . If one side dies we all die . So I 've torn holes in both the universes and they lead here to this room a bridge , so that we can begin to work together to fix ... You shattered my universe . You have any idea how many deaths you 've caused ? That was an accident . What you have tried to do , you 've done on purpose . Whatever you 've both done , we 're here now so maybe it 's time we start to fix it . You were right . They don 't remember Peter . SEPTEMBER : How could they ? He never existed . He served his purpose . [ English - US - SDH ]
