 ♪ two ... Two , three ... ♪ ♪ Mr. President . I found the tv remote . Good work , sergeant . I 'm awarding you the purple heart . But I wasn 't injured . Ow ! ( screams ) Well , enough governing . It 's Saturday morning , damn it . Let 's watch some cartoons . ( grunts ) ♪ Announcer : It 's time to fall into ... The futurama and friends Saturday morning fun pit ! Here comes bendee-boo and the mystery crew ! ♪ bendee , bendee-boo , what 's wrong with you ? ♪ ♪ you 're such a lousy mascot ♪ no one understands a single word you say ♪ ♪ not even the jerk in the ascot ♪ Rite my riny retal rass ! ( owl hoots ) ( repeated hooting ) It sure was nice of your nephew To invite us to his cloning lab here in the repeating forest . Uh-huh . Hey , like , here 's a puzzler . How old are we on a scale of 14 to 32 ? ( laugh track plays ) Did anyone else hear that weird laugh ? It 's spooky . It doesn 't seem to correspond To anything funny happening . I 'll say . ( raucous laugh track plays ) ( spooky music plays ) Turn around . Go away . Do it now . Rikes ! Splinkies ! What was that ? I don 't know . It 's a mystery . Like , I 've got a bigger mystery . How am I going to fill my hungry stomach ? ( laugh track plays ) Yeah . Where can we find food here in the woods ? How about that kabuki theater ? Fry : Like , where there 's a kabuki theater , There 's a concession stand . ( laugh track plays ) Say , fry , why do you always have the munchies ? And also your eyes are bloodshot , You 're paranoid , and the van has a skunky odor . Search me . No , don 't . I 'm carrying . ( chuckles ) ( laugh track plays ) ( spooky scream ) ( screaming ) ( laughing ) I do enjoy a well-buttered floor . All : George takei ? Reorge rakei ? Sorry to haunt you so effectively . I thought you kids were that dragon ghost That 's been spooking the town . Like , what 's the story with the yakitori ? Help yourselves . But I warn you , That chicken is over a year old . ( laugh track plays ) Why is the food in Your concession stand so old , mr . Takei ? You see , amy , this used to be The most popular kabuki theater In the entire outskirts of town . But people stopped coming After they built that darned basketball arena . ( spooky music plays ) George takei : Now everybody likes basketball Instead of kabuki . It 's an insult to my japanese heritage . How so ? This is america , not japan . Maybe so . I 'm not sure . Now , how many tickets would you like for the show ? Like , none . But thanks for the yucky-tori . ( chuckles ) Another grave insult to my ancestry . ( laugh track plays ) ( doorbell rings ) Nu ? Is this the professor 's cloning lab ? Cloning is a sin against nature ! But yes . Follow me to the professor 's cloning room . ( machine beeps , trills ) You see , I 'm his butler . Ah , my uncle fry and his mystery-solving friends . Perhaps you can make sense of the ... What is it that 's been haunting us , zoidberg ? Ghost . ( screams ) Now then , let me show you my lab . This is my cloning machine . This is where I keep various lengths of wire . And those are the harlem globetrotters . All : The globetrotters ? Bender : Ruh robe-rotters ? What you doin ' wearin' an ascot , brother ? I think it looks nice . ( laugh track plays ) Whoa , whoa , whoa ... ( sputtering ) ( laugh track plays ) What are you globetrotters doing here ? We 're in town for the big game . And we stopped by to help our friend , the professor , With his cloning machine . Just call me the clone prince of basketball . ( laugh track plays ) Like , it 's basketball superstar larry bird ! Larry bird , what are you doing here ? Hi . This is larry bird calling . Listen , my agent sent me that cartoon script , And I 've decided I don 't want to be involved in any way . ( beep ) Nice to meet you , larry bird . Okay , let 's clone us a whole team of larry birds . Now we can practice for the big game . We figure , if we can beat five larry birds , We can beat anybody . Cloning is wrong . It 's wrong , I say ! Oh , I just hope that mysterious dragon ghost Doesn 't show up at the lab again . But why would a ghost Want to stop the globetrotters from practicing ? And against a team of clones , no less . Well , gang , it looks like we 've got More of the same mystery on our hands . ( thunder crashes ) ( snoring ) Like , the real mystery Is how I 'm gonna get any sleep with all this noise . I need some air . ( screams ) It 's me , the dragon ghost . We met before . Like , yikes ! ( crashing sound ) ( laugh track plays ) It 's time to spring into action , gang . Okay ... Rabbit goes around the tree ... There . All right , it 's time to get to the bottom Of what , at this point , can only be called a mystery . Let 's split up . Eight of us will stay here With this dragon trap the professor built . Hermes : Meanwhile , fry , bendee , You go look for the dragon . Like , you guys are terrible friends For always sending us to our deaths . I 'm not going . Re reither ! Would you do it for a bendee brew ? Ro-kay . Ri 'm a ralcoholic . ( laugh track plays ) ♪ yummy yummy yummy , I got love in my tummy ♪ ♪ and I feel like a-lovin ' you ♪ ♪ love , you 're such a sweet thing ♪ ♪ good enough to eat thing ♪ and that 's just a-what I 'm gonna do ♪ ♪ ooh , love to hold you ♪ ooh , love to kiss you ♪ ooh , love , I love it so ♪ ooh , love , you 're sweeter ♪ sweeter than sugar ♪ ooh , love , I won 't let you go ... ♪ ♪ ( laugh track plays ) All right , gang . I think we have all the clues we need To solve the mystery of the haunted cloning machine . Only one person took issue with the ethical ramifications Of cloning and also had access to this castle . The butler , dr . Zoidberg ! Let 's see who this so-called butler really is . Oops . Never mind . Here , take this . ( laugh track plays ) Whoa-whoa-whoa ... ( sputtering ) May he rest in peace . Hey , there 's a dragon in this trap ! Help . Help . Let 's see who this dragon ghost really is . All : George takei ? That 's right . And I would never have gotten away with it , Regardless of you meddling kids . But , like , that dragon ghost Was hovering and translucent . Yes . You see , I used the projector From my kabuki theater . But kabuki theaters don 't have a projector . Some do . It all makes sense . He knew that if he scared the globetrotters away From the big basketball game , Disappointed fans would flock to his kabuki theater . Of course ! No , that 's not why I did it . Then , like , why did you do it ? I 'm mentally ill . ( laugh track plays ) ( crowd cheering ) Thanks for helping solve the mystery . After practicing against five larry birds , We 're ready for anything . Introducing the opponents ... Announcer : And now , Six larry birds ! ( crowd cheers ) ( laughing ) Bendee-bendee-boo ! ( crowd clamoring ) What 's all this ruckus ? People live here , you know . Mr. President , our children are fat and dumb , And we blame cartoons . It 's time to get government onto our backs . We demand you regulate children 's programming And force the writers to shoehorn in helpful lessons . Fine , fine . Get off my lawn . I 'll have agnew put in a call to hollywood . ( grunting ) All right , let 's laugh and learn . That teaches kids and now , the show announcer : And have a good time ... To eat right All while tolerating others . ( chuckling ) : This will shut up those whining hippies . Stay tuned for purpleberry pond . Announcer : ♪ purpleberry pond is fun for young and old ♪ ♪ when healthy juicy purpleberries fill your bowl ♪ ♪ we all get along and we 're happy and merry ♪ I must get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . Bort . ♪ of eating right we are very fond ♪ ♪ when we eat together on purpleberry pond . ♪ ( cheery music plays , birds chirp ) Good morning , princess purpleberry . Isn 't it a lovely morning ? It 's particularly purp-tacular . It 's pur-practically pur-perfect . It 's funny how we never get tired of the word " purple . " Never . And it 's all thanks to a balanced diet , Composed of nothing but purpleberries . I must get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . Bort . Announcer : Purpleberry pond will return after these messages . Hey , mickey , you seem kind of down . You should try some sugar-blasted Purpleberry puffs . My sugar-blasted purpleberries Are triple-soaked in maple-flavored syrup To start your day with purple power . And the leftover milk looks like purpleberry pond . Ah ! Announcer : Purpleberry puffs are the sweetest part Of your complete breakfast , Along with juice , toast , ham , Eggs , bacon , milk , cheese , liver , waffles And a big horse vitamin . And now , back to our show . ♪ healthy , healthy , healthy , healthy ♪ ♪ purpleberries are ♪ eat purpleberries and you 'll be a star ♪ Look , a new purp-son is coming to purpleberry pond . ( horse neighs ) Announcing lord loquat . I wonder what shade of purple he 'll be . ( all gasp ) Greetings , princess purpleberry . I am lord loquat , your new neighbor . You 're coming to live here ? There goes the purple-hood . ( pot smashes ) You 're different , and I don 't like you . Wait , it doesn 't matter the color of your berries . After all , it takes two colors to make a rainbow . Shucks , I never thought of it that way . Sorry , cheddar head . ♪ look up high where the rainbow bends ♪ ♪ orange and purple are the best of friends . ♪ I must get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . Bort . Professor : And orangeberries . Announcer : We 'll be back after these messages . Mom , why is there orange in my purpleberry puffs ? As an active mom , I care about these things . I 'll check the box while you start eating . Now my sugar-blasted purpleberry puffs Have loquat-flavored orangeberries . Two colors ? Wow . ( burping ) : Bort . It 's a small part of this girl 's breakfast . ( yells ) ( both laughing ) ( gurgling milk ) ( laughing ) Bort ? I have a plan to get my hands on those purpleberries With new loquat-flavored orangeberries . Soon I will have an important part Of a complete breakfast . Oh , no . The berry burglar fired his snowball bomb . The snow will destroy the purpleberry crop . Wait , it 's not snow . It 's sugar . All : Yay ! New sugar-frosted , sugar-blasted purpleberry puffs . You can really see the sugar . I don 't know which I like more- - Original or type two . Announcer : And now , back to our show . Curses , I didn 't get my hands on those healthy purpleberries . But next time , by gosh , I 'll get my hands On those healthy purpleberries . Bort . Will the berry burglar never learn ? Probably not , but we did . We learned that no matter Whether we 're purple or orange ... Or new polkaberry . ( honks horn ) ... Good nutrition is just a bowl away . ♪ you know you want to try it ♪ so tell your mom to buy it . Buy purpleberry puffs cereal . All : Buy ! Buy ! Buy ! Bye-bye . Announcer : We 'll be back with more commercials After these important messages . Aah ! Go , me ! ♪ they fight for the heck of it ♪ ♪ because they like to , here comes g.I. Zapp ♪ ♪ g.I. Zapp , g.I. Zapp ! ♪ Announcer : G.I. Zapp is the code name for an elite group Of heavily armed mercenaries , Eager to murder the enemy , Regardless of the cost in innocent lives . Ah , here we go . No one can complain about this patriotic dreck . ( mob clamoring outside ) ( grunting ) What 's that- - a rock ? I hate rocks . ( all clamoring ) What do you stupid voters want now ? What possible objection could you have To the g.I. Zapp cartoon ? Man : It 's too violent ! Ooh , very well . As leader of the free world , it is my solemn duty To put an end to cartoon violence . I 'll have to reedit the program . Rosemary , have we got any type of machinery to edit tape ? Oh , you know we do . Time for dickie to get tricky . ♪ g.I. Zapp ♪ g.I. Zapp , g.I. Zapp ! ♪ Announcer : G.I zapp Is the code name for an elite group of ... Nixon : Patriotic peacekeepers Who rebuild schools With their bullet-sucking Vacuum tanks . That 's what they are . Announcer : Today 's episode : " operation throat ... " Nixon : " banana split . " What the hell kind of plane is that ? ( buckles click ) Okay , g.I. Zapps . Today 's mission is to parachute into fort weaponsworth And take back our shrapnel laser , Which was stolen by our sworn enemy , The terrorist group known as acronym . ( printer buzzing ) Kif : Acronym . A criminal regiment of nasty young men . Nixon : Oh , that 's clever . I 'll leave that the way it is . ( laughs ) I 'll show those g.I zapps once and for all When I fire this surface-to-air ... Nixon : Warning shot . Excellent plan , profestro . That 'll blow them straight to h ... Nixon : Church . ( motor rumbles ) ( propellers whirring ) Sound off as you jump . Freezer burn ! Nutcracker ! Nixon : That 's no name for a woman . Let 's just call her pat . Waterboard ! Nixon : Helpful johnny . Boxcutter ! Nixon : Powder puff . Orphan crippler ! Nixon : Nah ... Pass . ( missile roars ) Incoming surface-to-air mi ... Nixon : Telegram ! Pilot , is your parachute packed and ready ? Yes , sir . Good , because I forgot mine . Kif : Mayday ! Mayday ! Tell my wife ... Nixon : I 'll be home for dinner . I , uh ... Landed the plane safely Next to this naturally occurring fireball . At disneyland . Hi , tinker bell . ♪ Ready ... Aim ... Nixon : Negotiate . ( grunts ) Nixon : Uh , here comes a water balloon . ( men groaning ) That 's quite a splash . ( screams ) Uh ... Beam me up , scotty . ( grunts ) ( screams ) Yay ! I caught it . ( yelps ) I 'm hit . Oh , god , it h ... Nixon : Tickles . Oh , no . Freezer burn is ... Nixon : Sleeping . I will avenge him , you heartless ... Nixon : Bastards ! It 's okay if I say it . ( leela grunts ) ( soldier groaning ) Nixon : Just measuring you for a new hat . Three , four , cha-cha-cha . Find that apple . It 's down there somewhere . ( clanking , whirring ) ( motor revving ) ( screams ) ( screaming , gunfire ) That 's it , I 'm pulling the plug . ( screaming and gunfire stops ) Agnew , cut to the psa . ( grunts loudly ) ( static ) Give me the ball ! No , give me the ball . I know , let 's fight for it . ( grunting and yelling ) Now , hold on there , boys . Violence never solved anything . Then how do we decide who gets the ball ? Agnew , show them . ( grunts loudly ) There . How do you like your stupid ball now ? ( laughs ) ( boys crying ) ( tires squeal ) Nixon : Now you know something . ♪ Announcer : That concludes the futurama and friends Saturday morning fun pit ! Now stay tuned for six hours of golf . ( agnew grunts ) Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
