 ♪ I 'd like to first welcome everyone here tonight . All of you joining us- - We can 't hear you ! Okay , I 'm sorry . Please excuse us for a moment . We 're clearly having some technical difficulties here . Uh , we 'll introduce this evening 's keynote speaker in just a second . - No cell phones . I know . - The battery . - Yes . Yes . Understood . - Was that him ? What did he say ? - 40 minutes . - This doesn 't feel right . This is over two years . Did he say why ? - Traffic . Perhaps we should discuss the addendum before he arrives . I wasn 't 100 % clear- it was strongly suggested . - It wasn 't 100 % clear if this was applicable . It certainly wasn 't at the start . And , now that we 're here ... - It was strongly suggested . And now that we 're somehow here , it would seem irresponsible to everyone involved to not have the discussion . - Right , that 's ... Exactly what I 'm saying . - Who 's the author of the addendum ? - I imagine it was a compositor . - Right , so ... - Wasn 't me . - Or me . - I 'm sorry ? - The addendum . - What about it ? - We think it should be discussed . - So ? Discuss it . - Why was it included ? - I was asked to include applied suppositions . - When ? - Nine months ago . Why am I being interrogated ? - Come on . It was always agreed on , from the start , that everything in the final report would be discussed and agreed upon by all of us , unanimously . - That 's right . Well ... As--as I was saying- - - was it Von neu- - I 'm sorry to interrupt . Was it Von neumann who said that in mathematics we don 't understand things , we simply get used to them ? - What does that mean ? - Well , uh ... I suppose what it means is that the implication stated within the addendum seemed to be a slight stretch for an algorithmic theoretician , wouldn 't you say , Jim ? - I can 't believe the English still haven 't taught you proper manners . - Guys , let 's stay on the topic . - I 'm not entirely sure what that means , but , uh ... - Oh , I 'm sure you wouldn 't . - It 's apparent , however superficially , that you 've exceeded your authority . - Perhaps we should hang on for a minute- this is not a democracy ... - Actually , authority 's even the wrong word , because that has implications , and in this case , there are none . You had none . - Or a lecture hall , son . - There 's no point in questioning- - - I 'm not a child . - No , you most certainly are not . You used the word " superficial " a moment ago , and if that 's where you 'd like to leave it , then the answer is quite simple . Three words : Knowledge is power . - Yes , it is . - His brief career has undoubtedly touched , influenced , and motivated all of us in some capacity . And these brief introductions always , on some level , seem to fall short of true justice . But , nevertheless , here goes . Our honored guest was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , son of a banker and a homemaker , a graduate of the university of Pennsylvania , summa cum laude , before receiving his phd in mathematics from Princeton . Based on his thesis work on riemann 's hypothesis , he was an invited fellow at the institute for advanced study as well as at mit , where his work on complexity theory earned him the Abel prize . He is presently the rouse ball Professor of mathematics in the department of pure mathematics and mathematical statistics at Cambridge university and a fellow at trinity college . In 2008 ... He was awarded the greatest honor in our profession when he was presented with the fields medal for his proof of the nonexistence of one-way functions . Ladies and gentlemen , it is with great honor that I now present to you Dr. Timothy horton . - Has he seen this ? - Which part ? - The addendum . - No . What does it matter ? - The implications are fairly self-evident , right ? I mean , perhaps not through and through , but let 's be clear . This endeavor would not have received the level of funding and classification if its implications were not self-evident . - I agree they 're self-evident , but I still feel they need to be aired , and I guess , mulled over . I don 't know , I feel uncomfortable to just sit here with assumptions . We all know this is far too big to assume anything . - Why is it self-evident ? - Pardon me ? - Why is it self-evident ? - Well , I mean ... You don 't work your entire academic life in the fields of theoretical computer science and complexity theory without understanding the- - the massive implications of doing something like this . - Right . Well , I guess , uh , I guess I feel there are two things wrong with what you just said . Um , first of all , we were told from--promised , actually , that any of the applied mathematical results of our findings would be our own and they would not be classified . They 'd be government purpose rights , but that 's it , right ? He changed that somewhere along the way . Second of all , to assume that any of us as mathematicians can sufficiently gauge the real-world implications of this project , it 's- - It 's hubris . I mean , it 's--it 's- - it 's just hubris . - Wow . How do you ever get a date with such an academic mind ? - I 'm not sure I understand what you 're suggesting . - I simply dazzle them with my card tricks . I mean , come on , guys , this is ... I feel like this is the argument that evolutionary scientists have over steak dinner and a glass of wine , right ? It 's--one solves one problem , and the other one looks back and says , " well , what was before that ? " And then , " well , what was before that ? What was before that ? " I mean ... How do we get our minds around something like that ? - Why don 't you read my addendum ? - I did , and I find your assumptions to be inadequate , among other things . - I don 't think anyone is saying here that we can accurately forecast the implications of our research 50 years from now , if I can understand what you 're trying to say . Just like Oppenheimer and fermi couldn 't possibly predict the consequences of the Los Alamos research . - This also begs the question of responsibility as well . - How could we possibly discuss that ? - At Los Alamos , they didn 't- this ... Is not Los Alamos . - What did you say ? - How 's your daughter doing ? She talking yet ? - As much as I do appreciate the smalltalk , horton , it feels awkwardly out of place given your little Los Alamos project . - Manhattan . - What 's that ? - Freakin ' brits . It was the Manhattan project . - Right . - Yeah , yeah , this is all s.C.I. Classified . So , you know , if you divulge anything , the NSA- - I think that 's who we 've got over there- - they 'll , uh , they 'll assassinate you . Probably torture you first . - Oh , very charming . Guess I should put away my spy camera then . " But , uh , but , " Mr. president , he 'll see everything . He 'll see the big board ! " - Precisely the idea . Where the bloody hell is Los Alamos , anyway ? - Ah , it 's new Mexico . The desert . - Hmm . What 's it like to live in the desert ? I do wonder . - How should I know ? I 'm from South Philly . - Either way , this is certainly not Los Alamos . - Wait , what 'd you say ? - Hmm ? What , " this is certainly not Los- - " - no , no , no . Before that . - Oh . I do wonder what it 's like to , you know , live in a- - - right , right . Live in a desert . Hugh , what are some characteristics of a desert ? - It 's hot . - Right , yeah , and what else ? - No water . No rain . Cactuses or--cactus . Cacti . - Sand . - Sure . - Millions of grains of sand . What if I , uh , I took something , like a-a quid coin , okay ? And I buried it in the sand . It 's buried , you have no idea where it is , and I ask you to find it . How long would that take you ? Well- years , right ? I mean , millions of years , if the desert were big enough . - Sure . - What if I melted the sand ? Took all the sand in the desert and melted it . Glass . The whole desert becomes one big sheet of glass . So now , finding the coin is easy , right ? You just- - you see it floating there . Change the sand to glass , and finding the coin is trivial . Hugh , I think you 're gonna need to leave now . - Oh , yes . - No , seriously , I think you really need to leave . - What do you think ? What do you think ? - I 'm sorry ? - Come on . - Oh , I , uh , think we should wait for him to arrive before that 's discussed . - Perhaps a consensus amongst us would be helpful when he does arrive . - Well , I think it 's fairly clear what he 'll say our - Nothing . Our talents were used on the chalkboards in the classrooms , and ultimately composed here . And that may be where they 'd like to leave things , but if history has an precedent , we 're at the forefront of a new technocratic reality . Just like Oppenheimer . We really should be thinking about mathematicians as politicians . - But those guys had no precedent . And , quite frankly , after seeing what Oppenheimer endured after trinity , I 'm not sure any of us is prepared for that . - Regardless , it 's reality . We 've all thought about it , I mean- - - I 'm gonna say that I object to these comparisons . - Why ? - It 's just uncomfortable . - I understand that , but why ? - Perhaps it 's heartburn , but who knows ? Come on . - Because , at the penultimate achievement of his career , the only thing Oppenheimer could remember was the bhagavad gita : " Now I am become death , the destroyer of worlds . " - I don 't know who 's more naive- - the one who believes ignoring the problem is righteous , or the one who believes this discovery is equivalent to the atomic bomb . - I think you miss my point . - Whereas their work was built around threat , fear , and ultimately destruction . Her work was one of discovery and knowledge--that 's it . - You can 't overlook the fact that their research blazed the way for numerous scientific and medical achievements that have saved countless lives ... - I understand that . - And facilitated the growth of the global economy as we know it . Nuclear power provides 20 % of the U.S. ' s and 30 % of the eu 's electrical power . - I understand that , but the aims of their project- - they knew what their objective was . It was destructive . I mean , who are we kidding here ? - No , wrong . It was political , just as this is . - I 'm sorry , you just said a moment ago that there was no possible way they could understand the consequences of what they were doing . Now you say their ultimate aim was destructive ? - No ... No . There is a massive difference between understanding what you have to do and not knowing how history will view your achievements- - or maybe failure . If you recall , there was widespread fear at Los Alamos that an uncontrolled nuclear explosion could set the atmosphere on fire , ending life on earth . We 're talking about an atomic , fissile particle chain reaction here , right ? Certainly , these men knew that the device they were building was destructive . But how could they possibly have understood how their endeavor would affect the future ? Like if it would result in international , global- - I don 't know- - cosmic horror ? If society somehow survived such a catastrophe , they 'd most likely be viewed , whether through propaganda or not , as villains , worse than Hitler . - Well , the truth , I think , lies somewhere in between . Why don 't we shift gears before he arrives and discuss if there are any issues within the body of the findings . I know we applied our own expertise to portions of the report that fit our field , often independently and while our work was rigorously examined throughout the process . So ... I guess , are there any questions ? Or issues with anyone 's work ? Ultimately , everything was functional . But no one has any questions , comments ? - I had a hard time validating your proof , doctor . Computationally , on the surface , it appeared correct . It was quite elegant , really . But , upon closer examination , a potential error- really ? I think we all know it 's airtight . I mean , we made our nondeterministic processor . You can hold it in your hand . It 's simply a physical representation of the algorithm . - To be blunt , I 'm still not convinced that your final computation class is computable in linear time . - What , are you nervous ? It 's right . We were more than methodical , rigorous , even . Review upon review- - it 's right . - I agree--the processor wouldn 't compute what it 's computing if p wasn 't equal to np . - That 's right . Let me put it another way . The mind 's flexibility- - or maybe I should say performance- - is dramatically hindered the more mileage you put on it . I mean , Christ , it 's basically the theme of Hardy 's biography . - Jim ... - P = np is the most significant problem in theoretical computer science and mathematical complexity theory . Nearly every area of knowledge is based on the idea that brute-force search is hard , okay ? That it takes a long time . We just showed that it 's easy . Everything changes . This could pave the way for--it 's- - when we prove that p = np , it has to be done right . - Pick a card . Come on , pick a card . Remember that and put it back in the deck . Okay , now , if I were a lousy magician , I would- you are a lousy magician . - The best way to find your card would be to go through each and ask you , " is this your card ? " - No . - No . No . And so on . And this would take forever , of course . Imagine a deck with a million cards . - I couldn 't possibly . Right . Now ... If I had this problem with our nondeterministic oracle , I would simply give it the deck , and I would say , " which is the right card ? " Employ a little nondeterministic computation , and ... What do the French say ? - Voila ? - Voila . - Quite a visual presentation . So , if I can get this straight , in your explanation , that I 'm pretty sure I saw somewhere between the 10th and 11th grade , the nondeterministic step to simplify p = np and , ultimately , the world , works in linear time because the cards say so ? You 're simply suggesting that your algorithm is fundamental ? - No ... I 'm simply suggesting that it 's magic . Thank you . That 's very kind of you . And thank you , Dr. acuri , for that overwhelmingly kind introduction . I 'm , um , very humbled and honored to be in front of you this evening . Um , not just because I 'm a room full of brilliant mathematicians , which , of course , I am . But because , not too long ago , I was , in fact , denied admission to this very university . Uh , not enough extracurriculars , I suppose . Um ... This symposium 's focus is on the future of mathematics , and I 've been asked to succinctly address that topic with you here tonight . It 's difficult , of course , to contextualize something so vague and broad as the future of mathematics . If the past is any indication of what is yet to come , um , that answer could very well be anything . But I don 't think many of you would find that summary very adequate , so I will attempt to do better . Let 's , uh , let 's begin by taking stock of where we are presently . The extraordinary application of mathematics has allowed us luxuries and necessities such as mobile phones , GPS navigation , automatic dish--dishwashers . It 's allowed us computer games , portable televisions , compact disc players . It 's allowed us high-definition , organic food distribution , airplanes , calculator wristwatches . It 's allowed radio control , lasik eye surgery , laser brain redaction , noninvasive arthroscopy . It 's allowed g5s , c-4 , and weapons-grade u-235 . It 's allowed artificial hearts and heartless artificial intelligence . It 's allowed blackberries- - I hope they 're all silent- - iPhones and all the other portable devices that enslave us to the man , keep us chained to the ever-growing corporate contingency of this world . It 's allowed Facebook , MySpace , and all the other pervasive web apps that enable cutthroat enablers and expedite the greedy infiltration and perversion of our youth . In short , it 's allowed the good , the bad , and everything else . - Gentlemen , thank you for waiting . I 'm sorry to be late . Before I forget , would you just pass those around ? They 're from the president . Has everyone eaten ? Everyone 's well ? I think that today is a culmination of many things , many emotions . And I 'm--I 'm here to say thank you and- - I guess to provide maybe a little closure to a process that I 'm sure has seemed quite endless . Now , I don 't want to drag this out and make it too long , but I 've been instructed- - well , actually , pretty much ordered- - to make sure you guys leave here happy and fulfilled . How 's that go ? Hall hath no fury like a mathematician scorned ? All right , now ... It has been over a year since we were all in the same room . Does anyone have any questions that , hopefully , I can answer ? No ? All right , well , I 've got a brief agenda that I want to run through , so let 's just pass these around , all right ? First item is the order of compensation . $ 10 million annuities have been established in each of your names . All you need to do is check the appropriate box next to the payment method . - Direct deposit ? - Pardon me ? - Will this be direct deposit ? - However your research stipends were paid , this will be the same . Does that work ? Now , including your annual stipends , has anyone had any issues at all with their payments thus far ? I hope not . All right , well , your stipends will continue for another six months for any supplemental research that may be needed . But hopefully not . And that brings your total funding to approximately- - well , not approximately- - to exactly $ 22 million U.S. dollars , and the annuity will ultimately pay out more than that . Not bad for a few years research , is it ? Gentlemen , before we go to the next item , I want to express to you the level of gratitude The president and the country owe you . This is no small moment in history . Next is the non-disclosure agreement . I know we have visited and revisited this issue many times over the last few years . It 's a very critical one . The second document reiterates the legal ramifications if any information is published or broadcast without the dod or NSA 's consent , which basically means never . - I know this project itself is classified . Is there any intention of ultimately releasing the findings to the community ? We all have a lot of colleagues whose applied research could benefit from this . I mean , I 'm talking about methods to cure cancer , establish a causal connection to Parkinson 's , Alzheimer 's- right , right , we understand that , and I want to assure you that the government will be very thoughtful to those issues . And we 'll probably take those on a case-by-case basis , but for right now , I will have to say no . It will remain as a classified national security asset . - I 'm sorry , that 's not what we signed up for . - Well , from the outset , I don 't think anyone could have predicted the extent of your accomplishments . And with the sensitivity of the findings , it is in our country 's best interests to make sure they remain safeguarded . - So if we were to publish anything in , say , a trade journal- you could be- - and , of course , it would depend on what was discussed- - but you could be in violation of the program 's nda , and as a result , you could be arrested for treason . Now , your security clearances will be terminated , I believe within the same six-month time frame . After that , you 'll no longer have access to the communications channel or the secured network that you 've all used to coordinate with each other . What ? Well , I understand that you must give this same spiel to any variety of- - of , uh ... I don 't really know who you give this spiel to . But doesn 't it seem somewhat ironic , given your present audience ? - I 'm sorry . I don 't follow you . - I think what Jim means is that , if there were a secured network , like , uh , siprnet or jwics , that we wanted access to , well , um ... We 'd just hack in and take it . Well , I am sorry to disappoint you , but the defense system that you just referenced is not part of any network that you have access to . - Well , we 're sorry to disappoint you , but just the fact that those systems are on any network means they 're vulnerable . Where was it , doctor , that we developed the system to infiltrate siprnet ? Uh , Princeton ? - Sure , yeah . And that was before we had our nondeterministic process . - Gentlemen ... - It was practically my doctoral thesis . - Yes , of course . - Congratulations , gentlemen . You have just admitted to seven felony counts and a level of treason that would land you at supermax . Lovely . - So you 're saying I should delete those secret files off my hard drive ? - I 'm saying that if you took this process a bit more seriously , we could get out of here that much sooner . - I just want to remind you , sir , that this is not your typical sewing circle . ♪ - Now , that 's all I had as far as an agenda . Before I take my leave , does anyone have any more legitimate concerns that I can address ? - Well , we were actually having a bit of a discussion about the inclusion of the addendum . - Sure . - Some of us were under the impression that , in fact , documenting any of the system 's applications was , uh , I guess not in the spirit of this project 's original intentions . - Sure . I asked Jim to include the supplement because I was asked by my superiors at the dod for a brief summary of what their $ 1 / 4 billion investment bought them . You are , after all , being funded by the United States taxpayers . Does that answer your question ? - Well- - - that response--sorry- - that response is overwhelmingly inadequate . - Well , I guess I have to apologize for that . - Okay , well , let me put it another way . You have plenty of mathematicians at the NSA , presumably with some baseline level intelligence . You had to have known what this project would mean . So , um , well , why do you need it stated in this document , I guess , and--and why does it only seem to list the more destructive ramifications ? - Scapegoats . - That 's absurd . This endeavor 's had nothing but the strictest security , and with the exception of a very , very small group of people , no one even knows of your involvement . So whatever applications your system may provide for , you will always remain entirely anonymous . I felt earlier that possibly including these findings in our publication was almost a responsibility , as mathematicians . But now , as I sit here , that logic slowly evaporates , and I 'm left with the idea that if something terrible should ever happen , you 'd conveniently be able to say , " see ? It wasn 't our idea . " - Convenience has nothing to do with it . - Has the increased level of Chinese hacking attacks had anything to do with your sudden interest in our system 's applications ? - I wouldn 't really know . But I assume we all understand , and I am not afraid to admit , the new cold war has begun . A room of the four smartest men on the planet , and yet not one of you has indicated any understanding of the world 's reality . Future conflicts will not be waged by racing to Jupiter or splitting atoms or building nuclear devices faster than the other . No . This is far more subtle . It 's a penny here , a penny there . An unresponsive power grid , a subverted stock exchange . The cumulative effect spirals the world economy , and when the dust settles , the world 's divvied up , smaller now , like vultures to a fat , meaty carcass . Maybe we 're still a superpower . Maybe we 're not . But make no mistake , gentlemen . The carthaginians knock at the gate of America . - You 're implying that ghostnet 's becoming a more significant threat . - Look , obviously I 'm not at liberty to discuss that , but suffice it to say the Chinese are a constant source of scrutiny from our security community . - I think that answers the question pretty clearly . - In what way ? - In what way ? Come on , with accelerated key search and decryption , the entire world is at your fingertips . There is literally nothing you couldn 't see . - Until they encode things differently or develop a different architecture for coming at us . - But you still have how many months or years of absolute , unguarded access to anything you 'd want . Financial information , technical information , military data , coded national secrets . It 's the equivalent of- - - billions . No , quickly in my head , I 'd have to say trillions of dollars worth of information . - Gentlemen- - - I 'm not sure a value can really be put on that level of information . - True , but we can roughly quantify things here . Right ? I mean , let 's think . Chinese gdp is around $ 3.2 trillion U.S. dollars . Any cryptosystem that uses pspace algorithms , which is essentially their entire infrastructure , could easily be accessed . - Well , that may work for a particular aspect of a network , say , a financial institution 's records , but other systems use a different crypto algorithm . - Come on . - You can 't crack it , because it 's a different problem . - That 's utterly ridiculous . We 're not even talking cutting-edge theory here . Gary Johnson , guys in the ' 70s showed that , fundamentally , all these complex mathematical problems- - knapsack , sat , whatever- - they 're all the same problem . - Solve one , solve all . - That 's what this is . That 's what np-complete means . Modern cryptography is based on the , I guess , now-outdated reality that some problems are just too computationally expensive to brute force , right ? They just take too long to try every answer . So introduce the nondeterministic processor and problems that once took millions of years to solve , solved in minutes . - I appreciate the lecture , and I do understand the fundamentals , but my guys theoretical research points to the fact that separate networks , separate anything , requires separate grids with distinct computational problems . - Oh , your guys ? - Yes , rand . - It all boils down to the nondeterministic oracle . With it , with the processor , all problems in p and np space can be computed in reasonable time . Key searches , factoring , discrete logs- - you can break any cryptosystem in the world if you have the will and , I guess , the software program to do so . - Not even a Chinese hybrid cryptosystem could prevent or even acknowledge an attack . - Nope . Anyways , in my opinion , this works more as a weapon , I guess , by subtraction or destruction , much in the same way as a conventional weapon , as opposed to , say , some sort of , I don 't know , intergovernmental larceny . - Meaning ? - Meaning that it 's impractical to embezzle Chinese money to , say , fund a federal education bill , okay ? If you want more money , just print more . And at this level , it 'll have little effect on their economy . - And , if you 're somehow discovered , you 've essentially declared war on a superpower , and all you have to show for it are a few cleaner schools . - Well , it could be worse . - Really , the only way I see it would be to systematically attack the asset . Basically , cripple it , take it out . - I have to say , it 's much easier to discuss application when it 's contextualized like this . - So say you 're about to launch a cyber-attack on China , what would logically be your first target ? - Power plants . - Why would you do that ? - Kill the power , stifle the defensive grid . The country would be most vulnerable . - Yeah , but if you cut the power , then nothing 's connected- - how can you hack a network that 's not online ? No , I think if you want to use this as a weapon , first , you crush their entire communications system . Basically act as the country 's brain . You can receive and transmit anything you like . Mass hysteria , paranoia . Almost like a water-based toxin . You could tear the country apart . I know China is a lodestone here , but I believe it would be totally naive to ignore our allies- - Israel , Russia , england . If history has taught us anything , it 's that allegiances are made for self-gain . There is literally no one you can trust . - I 'm sure the trust issue will go over well with our allies as we explain to them why we completely hacked their communication network . - That 's why we don 't get caught . - Right . Look ... This is a foreign policy discussion none of us are prepared for , and frankly , we 're all out of our element . - I don 't know how much that 's true . - Still , as much as I thought our project 's implications should be discussed , the sudden inclusion of the addendum is a clear breach of the original agreement . - Listen , deception or anything along those lines was never part of our goal , and not that it matters to you , but this issue is not as black and white as you 're making it sound . Three weeks after the original arrangement was discussed , ghostnet penetrated a secure NORAD defense system , the contents of which contain top-secret nuclear data , including the longitudinal coordinates of every major missile battery on the east coast . Four months after that , U.S. army call sign database was hit . That 's information contained on such a need-to-know basis that it 's generally accepted that the president doesn 't need to know . - Well , maybe you should have hired us to secure those particular systems . - In a way , we did . My superiors and I find a certain nobility in your accomplishments . Motives aside , you were hired to do something that godel , Von neumann , everyone deemed impossible . Yet you did it for your country . - Nobody 's denying that there 's something noble about the true pursuit of knowledge or national pride , whatever . But right now , I have the sinking feeling that all that 's being lost . - I merely did as asked . - Yeah , so did the guards at Auschwitz . - You can go to hell for saying that . - Godwin 's law strikes again . - And in terms of any contractual obligation for present or future work , as far as I 'm concerned , the inclusion of this addendum is a clear breach of contract . - Well , I guess , in that case , the U.S. government can just rip up your paychecks and cancel the annuities . What are you gonna do , sue us ? - Maybe . - Come on , this is not a burden . You serve at the pleasure of the president . This is your patriotic duty , done immaculately well , in an increasingly aggressive world , okay ? - You--you speak to us like we 're lockheed and we just developed some fancy drone airplane that may or may not ever work . - In a way , yes . We look at your system as a national asset . - You are so stupid . - Don 't you condescend to me . I am not here to be ridiculed . - Cooler heads , guys . - No , you 're here to- - to make sure we 're happy . You 're a tire salesman . - I will entertain a civil discussion , yes , but I 'm not going to sit here and be attacked . - Yes , you will . - Excuse me ? - It 's your job to sit here . You 've been ordered to . Though power may lie here , ultimately , it 's the four of us that must accept this fate , not force-fed . Truly , if this is a patriotic duty , as you 're suggesting , we could quite simply conquer , destroy , eradicate , and any other destructive verb you can think of , without reprisal , without mercy , without consequence . Surely some duty ought to be paid to that reality . - That 's only the beginning . - There 's a war being waged in cyberspace , whether anyone wants to admit it or not . And for reasons of economies of scale , the United States and its allies are dramatically behind . Each week , the NSA estimates that 233 computers in the district are compromised , many of them in classified facilities . There is such an awareness of cyber espionage that the majority of NSA correspondences have reverted to handwritten pieces of paper that are either burned after reading or locked away . Do you have any idea the quantity of top-secret correspondences that are hand-delivered by trusted couriers each year ? It 's staggering . This is the future of the world . This is now . - This is bigger than your secrets . - As an American , I don 't know how anyone could say that . - As a mathematician , it 's my conscience to say that . - Then why don 't you break it down for me a little slower , so I can understand . - Hardy called mathematics the language of the gods because it , uh , it unlocks and categorizes things that the mind can 't possibly understand . I-I don 't expect you to at this point . But there are certain foundational proofs , okay , that lead to more powerful conclusions . To lock this away so you can spy on somebody is criminal . - Oh , that is so ignorant and condescending it makes me want to spit . This was the most important unsolved problem in computer science . To think you were the only mathematicians in the world focusing your efforts on this is naive . You 're pawns , automatons . We funded you . We brought you together . You were denied nothing . Thought was fostered , and , ultimately , a solution was achieved . You were a piece of the puzzle . A cog . Separately , you 're nothing . You were the people we mocked growing up . But collectively , you have altered world history and put the proper power in the proper hands . But don 't forget your origin . You were made . A soldered link in a greater chain reaction . 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 ... - Come in . 22 , 23 ... - Dr. horton . Oh . Come on . Okay . Uh , it 's a nice effort , but let 's focus more on simplifying the algorithms before drawing the conclusions . - You know , I can take care of those inquiries for you . - Yeah , well ... You know , I hate the ivory tower we 've got here . I don 't think Dr. Hawking 's had a conversation with a student in , like , 25 years . - Well , I think the voice machine might have been a slight impediment . Though it is a hit at the staff meetings . Did you know , I found out that when Isaac Newton was a fellow at trinity , he was in the office right next door ? - Really ? - Yes . - Hugh , what would you think if there were an algorithm that could prove itself , like an automated proof solver . In other words , every time it found a solution , it also found another problem- - a new problem . It would solve one and then the next , and then the next and ... It could iterate ad infinitum . - What would I think ? - Yeah . - Well ... Since I 'm assuming you 're talking about something well beyond the pythagorean theorem here , I would say it 's , uh , a system that provides solutions without ever concluding . You know , always posing the question , " what 's next ? " Almost like a computer worm . - Yes , but bigger , you know ? I 'm thinking more generalized . Like , uh ... Well , it 'll solve any problem , not just problems it knows about . Anything it encounters . - That 's impossible . I mean , that 's practically impossible , even in an applied sense . Solving one problem would just take forever . It 's np-complete . - Well , let 's pretend that , uh , it doesn 't take forever . P and np don 't matter . Finding solutions is fast . - Really ? The only thing that powerful would , uh , be the sun . - Yeah , but let 's keep it more terrestrial , like , uh , prometheus or Newton 's cradle , okay ? The only solution is that there can 't possibly be any more solutions . - Like a chain reaction ? - Yeah . I mean ... What would you think ? I don 't know . - Thank you . - Ahh . I , uh , had dinner a week or so ago with the president and the defense secretary . Naturally , they 're very excited about your work here , and blah , blah , blah . Then I was able to slide something past him . There 's a farmer in the provence region of France who has an extraordinarily intelligent horse . He can actually give it arithmetic problems , and it will tap out the answer with its hoof . So we called in experts and researchers to look at the horse , and they were fascinated by him . As they tested him , they found out that it could answer algebra , euclidian geometry , calculus , and even group theory . But when they put a problem down that had cartesian coordinates in it , the horse just stood there , dumbly , like any other horse . And I thought , " that 's pretty strange , considering how intelligent the horse is . " So then they called in one more expert , who examined the horse , and he figured out what the problem was . So I turned to the president , and I said , " do you know what the diagnosis was ? " - Sure ! It couldn 't understand cartesian coordinates because that 'd be putting " descartes " before the horse . Sorry , was that supposed to be rhetorical ? We 're all very impressed . You know , it 's exhausting having someone like you in the room , always with an answer . - If anything , what you said brings to mind some issues of morality here , since the discussion has shifted to , I guess , a more applied arena . - How does what I said bring you anywhere near there ? - Who cares ? - No , I 'm saying this is something I don 't think we 've discussed . It doesn 't directly deal with our system 's applications as much as , you know ... - Playing God ? - Well , I mean , come on . More like sabotage , theft , public secrets , espionage . The question just begs to be asked : Just because you can do something , does it mean you should ? - Hypothetically , why not ? What 's to stop someone ? - I don 't think anyone 's in the business of casually siphoning money or secrets . There has to be some motive . Impetus . - Well , here 's an easy one : National security . - Well , clearly , but if there 's no way to monitor what you 're doing , are we just supposed to trust that you won 't be- - I-I don 't know , invading privacy or- what , in our infinite spare time ? - Well , how about the patriot act ? Warrantless phone taps ? I mean , come on , this is not that much of a stretch . - Has anyone in this room used the system to do anything untoward ? Anyone ? - What 's your point ? - His point is that just because you can do something , does not mean you will . - No , my point is merely that nobody in this room has ever tried to apply the system . - Congratulations . The four of you have enough self-control to not push the big , red button . The reality is that just because the government is capable of doing something does not mean it executes it . - 250,000 residents of two Japanese cities might have a different version of history for you . - Oh , suddenly , the idealist . You know , it 's so hard to keep up with you . I 'm not sure whether- - - you know , I 'm not sure what I am , but I do know that this antagonistic attitude , which I 'm sure terrifies and oppresses all your little subordinates back at the office , in this venue , it 's really uninteresting , okay ? - And I 'm not sure where you get the idea that anyone born after 1950 is interested in something that happened 65 years ago , as if that 's still a relevant topic- right , like learning something from history I such a horrible idea ? - And everyone in my world is really interested in taking diplomacy lessons from a math-rat . - And no one outside your world has anything intelligent to add to a global policy discussion . - If they 're not qualified , no . It boils down to the fact that the system 's ours now . We own it- - we own it because we believe it can protect our citizens . We own it because we believe it can help create a more cohesive world order , a more prosperous future for our children and our children 's children . - Gentlemen , I think we need to take a step back here- whose children are we talking about , mine or yours ? - We own it because we believe , if needed , its application can help restore peace , allocate money , stop corruption , protect assets , and ultimately secure the world 's transactions . You 're smirking . Am I being funny ? - Yeah , it 's all so funny . The instantaneous evaporation of years of promises . I mean , am I the only one hearing him ? I put a lifetime 's worth of research into the fact that this would always live in my world and not yours . - Well , I am truly sorry to disappoint you , but in the four intervening years since this was first discussed in Chicago , a few slight changes have occurred globally : The unprecedented economic growth of communist China , the radically resurgent Russian interest in nuclear proliferation , north Korea , constant cyber warfare , military assets being compromised and American lives being lost at the whim of a keystroke ! This is not the world of eisenhower ! This is not the world of machiavelli ! - There really is no point- - - let them speak . - Hardy believed that pure mathematics were , on the whole , distinctly more useful than applied . You see , what 's actually useful for mathematicians , and by extension , mankind , are the foundational proofs upon which complexity theory- - mathematics--is based . This , sir , I-is an abomination . Deceit , corruption . And Hardy would- - - you are not Hardy . - That 's right . He 's better . ♪ - Oh , no . No , no , no . I didn 't . I 'm sorry . No . No , I-I- - I didn 't . No . No , no ... No ! No ! No ! Agh ! No ! Have you a sign ? - What ? - Have you a sign ? - Right angles , horizontals , and perpendiculars ! Illusions . - Binding yourself under no less penalty than that of having your body severed in twain . - No ! No ! It 's not an obligation ! Agh ! - Your bowels taken thence ... And your brain 's bled of all its knowledge . - No , no , that is not what I 'm saying . A lot of questions have been discussed today , and many of the answers have simply been inadequate . - Well , I apologize , but I personally came down here to provide some closure , and on some level , I 'm feeling attacked . - Right , understood , but this is really becoming an issue of responsibility here . In other words , if our nondeterministic processor is used unjustifiably , there will be , in our community , a substantial record , or should I say indication , that any or all of us were responsible for whatever mess- - - come on , what did you expect ? - I expected protection . - Don 't you think the world , the mathematical community , will have some understanding that our true intentions were for the good of science ? Altruistic- maybe , but passive acceptance of everything- there 's been no passive acceptance ! He 's been attacked in an accusatory manner . - Please stop cutting me off ! I 'm just trying to simply say that this is not black and white . " Oh , they were doing it for science . " Well done , lads , this post-apocalyptic winter is just what the doctor ordered . " Things became more complicated today . There have been admissions made . - What admissions ? Gentlemen , please , we 're going round and round here . It 's understandable , after the accomplishments you 've made , to feel apprehensive , believe me . I have been there before with other projects . - Like what ? - Excuse me ? - You said you 've seen this before with other projects- - which ones ? - What ? - Well , as a member of a fairly well-informed community , I 'm eager to learn what other project was completed under your tenure , one that changed the nature of humanity . One that renders all cryptosystems inert , giving whomever it wants unfettered access to any secured information , something as fundamentally important to its time and place as the discovery of fire . - Oh , please , I have been in the presence of dignitaries , diplomats , kings , presidents , celebrities , world-class athletes . But none of them can hold a candle to the ego that 's present in a roomful of fucking mathematicians ! - You 're clearly not understanding our concerns . - Everything you mathematicians create is gonna alter the course of human history . The level of self-absorption- - - I was trying to passively engage things , but it 's now alarming how little you seem to understand what you have right here- - - modern-day shamans , peddling the extraordinary . The world is not as complex as you believe . This divisiveness is not as deep as your imagination- your oversimplification is reckless ! - And quite frankly , the total tonnage of what I 'm privy to and you are not would wake a corpse from its grave ! - Well , we 're all pretty smart guys . Why don 't you enlighten us ? - Because I don 't really care that much . I 'm not interested in broadening the perspectives of intelligentsia . - You already said that your hope for our system was that it might create a more cohesive world order . What does that mean ? - What are you looking for ? - How ' bout some answers ? - What do you want from me ? These meetings can often be unpleasant . You have been paid . Consider yourself debriefed . - Sit down . - I want a document drafted stating the proof p = np belongs to the four of us . You can have the design for the processor , classify it if you want , but the proof , as originally promised , is ours . Furthermore- - - I 'm not sure where you get off instructing me to the fucking toilet . - Furthermore , I want the classified addendum with any reference to our names or applications removed . - This is not a negotiation . - Well , I suggest you make it one . - What is any of that going to do , hiding it ? Now , I , for one , would prefer this technology be licensed to the private sector . Think about it- - it 's the safest way to avoid what we all fear , which is basically a monopoly- - geopolitically , corporately . I don 't care . License it to intel . License it to amd , anyone . The new nondeterministic processor will blaze a trail for the next generation of privatized scientific advancement . Think about it , predicting protein structures as np-complete . - It won 't happen . - What won 't ? - What you 're suggesting . It won 't happen . - Why ? - It 's something we should 've seen a long time ago . - It 's more valuable to them if it 's kept a secret . - It 's better for all of us . - I 'm sorry . So where do we stand here ? - Well , in response to Dr. horton 's request , I have neither the authority nor interest in altering the agreement , and any deviation from that would be construed- - again , by my superiors- - as a breach of contract and result in the forfeiture of any future compensation . So I guess the question you have to ask yourselves is : Where do you stand ? Whether any of us could possibly understand the consequences of this ... Only time will tell . As for me , I 'm satisfied . I 'm in . Give me the release . - Fine . Come on . It 's time . - I 'm good . - Fine . - Doctor . - Professor . - How 's it go again ? - Boats against the current . - In 37 years of mathematical rigor , I 've been struck by one constant truth- - that the number is always larger than my mind . This is too complicated for any of us to understand , even you , doctor . I 'm sorry , but I 'm washing my hands of it all . - Fine . - Admittedly , we all come up a bit short today . None of us can possibly understand the ramifications of this proof . History has shown us again and again that , with every generation , the implications of p versus np grow greater , so ... It 's left to our imaginations what this might mean in 20 years , 50 years , 100 . But none of you- - I promise you this- - none of you understands the true power of what our system can do . - Oh , for Christ 's sake . I 'm so sick of your condescending bullshit , okay ? This entire " I 'm holier than thou " attitude I 've had to sit through for the past four years is nauseating . We 've been dealt with fairly . We 've agreed to the terms . Suck it up , sign the paper , and let 's get out of here . - Doctor , you 're outnumbered and overruled . Your objections are sporting and have been noted , but remember , I 'm not the enemy . - I have no choice ... - I 'm glad you see it that way . - But to inform you that the proof in its current state is incomplete . - Oh , come on . This is absurd . - What do you mean , incomplete ? - I mean that it wasn 't extended to its fullest termination . The documentation obscures the final computation class . The processor 's oracle lacks specificity . I , uh , omitted some details in- this is idiotic ! There are three other men at this table that have pored over every aspect- - diligence ! It 's been built ! - We still have the implementation , the processor . - It 's my design- - the classifications- is it your design ? Really ? All of it ? - What ? - I 'm sorry , what exactly are you implying ? - My system has the power to shut it down . - I 'm sorry , what ? - My system has the power ... To shut it ... Down . - That 's impossible . - No . - Come on , doctor . Complexity theory , chains . This is quite a stretch . - Not quite . Imagine it , crudely , as an executable form of y2k . Any bank security function on any grid will fail . Power networks , telecommunication , corporate data , will all shut down , okay ? You see , every single system has in common that it- - I 'm sorry . You don 't believe me . - This is insane . Excuse my language , but you 're a fuckin ' moron . - Watch it , now . - Best-case application , including the interface , would allow a user limited access to a single entity . - Of course . It 's like a military target . You can 't destroy everything , just what 's in the crosshairs . - It 's more like a lock pick- - you can only pick one lock at a time . But to broaden it to the scope you 're talking is simply absurd . - No . - Oh , no ? - This is almost pathetic . - No , and you know , from an applied perspective , it 's not even that complicated . You just need a bit more imagination . Say you have a target , okay ? A bank , right ? We all know that redundant security measures embedded within the bank 's framework , when triggered , immediately shut down , okay ? But picture a simultaneous breach on , uh , on the bank 's telecommunications grid . All right ? It has the same limitations . It shuts down . Now we 're in , right ? We have a completely vulnerable target , yes ? - To do what you 're saying would require hacking an almost impossibly complex array of targets . - Which , I 'm sorry , is just fucking insane ! - Now , at this critical moment , imagine a different algorithm is introduced , something that breaks out of the reaction . There 's literally nothing at this point that could stop it from accessing everything , crippling everything . I mean , I swear to God , the biggest weakness of the world 's grid , I mean everything , is its own embedded security measures . - He 's bluffing . - There 's no possible way this system would work . It 's just not fucking possible ! Practically speaking , we operate on separate grids from China or Russia or- - - not to mention our power grid 's antiquated scada systems are completely independent of the global grid . - All the more susceptible . - What did you say ? - I said , " all the more susceptible . " - You are unbelievable . - John- no . You think you 're such hot shit ? You 're on the cover of time magazine . Your fuckin ' fields medal . It doesn 't make you the king of every room you walk into . - That 's true . - Think just because your picture 's plastered on the pages of textbooks means you have the power to play- - what you 're describing is a hacking algorithm on a scale like nothing ever earthly devised . In fact , the only thing I can think of to replicate the kind of power you 're talking about is the fucking sun , okay ? I won the wolf medal and the Abel prize- this is bigger than any one person . - What 's your end game ? - It 's a fair question . What do you hope to gain here ? - Time . Just--just- - just a bit more time . - For what ? This ridiculous notion ? - I think we 've all had enough here . - I 'm not asking that you believe me . - And it doesn 't matter , does it ? - I 'm asking that you respect what we 've done . - Or what ? What are you gonna do ? - I 'm almost singlehandedly responsible for the biggest mathematical contribution--time ! An entire dimension has been controlled . You can 't lock it away ! - No , no , you see , you 're almost solely responsible for our significant mathematical contribution . Everything you think you can do , I now control- - you 're nothing . So I ask you again- - this threat of yours , whatever it is , what are you going to do ? - There 's literally nothing I can 't do . - You are so full of shit . - Doctor , this is paranoia . - But if it comes down to you or no one , I 'll do everything in my power to make sure this system never sees the light of day . - Well , this is a disgusting display , and why would you ? - Excuse me ? - Why would you risk everything ? - Because it 's what 's right ! - I mean , when you have so much going for you . International respect . I mean , the fields medal . Career . Money . Family . I mean , wouldn 't it be tragic if something happened to your brother Thomas and his lovely wife Laura in temecula , California ? Or their two beautiful children , Samuel and grace ? God forbid something happened to your poor Parkinson 's-plagued Uncle Steven in poughkeepsie , or your parents , Joseph and Marie . 247 Mallard Lane , Westchester , Pennsylvania . Marie doesn 't get around as well as she used to , does she ? And that split level they live in makes getting out of it in case of a fire pretty treacherous . And that affair your father 's been having with his assistant for 15 years ... Would break your mother 's heart , wouldn 't it ? You ... You and your pathetic attempt . I fucking own you . ♪ - In closing , mathematics has become the engine of mankind , the world 's combustion chamber . And I suppose , in a way , it 's always served this purpose . But within it , we can document the beauty of the waltz or catapult humanity at all odds against the oppressive forces of gravity . Mathematics widens smiles , it Bridges cultural divides . It transcends geopolitical allegiances . And it regulates frequencies so our hospital 's life support machines forever go ba-beep , ba-beep , ba-beep . In many ways , mathematics has become what I 've always feared and worked to limit- - marginalized . In a world of plenty , it no longer unites . It divides us . That 's why I 'm- - I 'm different , you know ? It 's , uh ... This has always been a journey for me . And like any great expedition , it began with a grand embarkation and ... Terminates with a soft , nervous compression . I 've gone from trumpeting my findings on mountaintops to fearfully realizing that ... There is no gift if it is not shared . Today , maybe more so than ever , mathematics is the teacher and it 's also the pupil . But , to me , its most important application ... It has the ability to take you off the grid- - to take us off the grid . To too many , it 's mobile phones , it 's GPS navigation , it 's dishwashers ... Computer games , portable televisions , compact disc players , organic food distribution , high-definition ... Calculator wristwatches , radio control , lasik eye surgery , laser brain redaction , non-invasive arthroscopy ... G5s , c-4 , and weapons-grade u-235 ... Allowed artificial hearts and heartless artificial intelligence ... Blackberries , iPhones , Facebook , MySpace ... Allowed devastation , manipulation , and dehumanization . But why stop now ? Why not take it farther ? I mean , uh ... Look at the source . The power of God to create , to destroy ... To disappear . Don 't blink . You may miss something .
