 NARRATOR : Ancient megalithic stones cut with astonishing precision . What some people suggest is is that they were using electricity and power tools . NARRATOR : Mysterious sculptures depicting beings from around the world and beyond . There are all the races here . Even the grey aliens . NARRATOR : And legends of otherworldly giants creating an entire civilization in a single night . If there 's one place that shows evidence of ancient aliens , it 's Puma Punku . NARRATOR : Are the ancient ruins of Puma Punku the result of primitive man 's incredible ingenuity ? Or are they they product of a much higher power ? Puma Punku is the only site on planet Earth that , in my opinion , was built directly by extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might there be evidence here on Earth of a lost alien city ? NARRATOR : Bolivia . South America . Here , 45 miles west of La Pal , isolated high in the Andes mountains , he the mysterious ancient ruins of Puma Punku . Spread across a desert plateau , plateau , at an altitude over 12,000 feet , the megalithic stones found here are among the largest on the planet , measuring up to 26 feet long and weighing more than 100 tons each . DAVID CHILDRESS : These are the mysterious ruins of Puma Punku , nearly 13,000 feet in the altiplano of Bolivia . What you have here are massive blocks of granite scattered like some kid 's toy blocks around the site . It 's like some giant cataclysm just wiped out this entire area . Archeologists are bafﬂed by what Puma Punku was , how n baked , and what the purpose of this enormous structure would have been . NARRATOR : Mainstream scientists believe the site was originally constructed about 2,000 years ago . But in 1945 , archeologist Arthur Posnansky proposed that Puma Punku was much , much older . By examining the structures and what he believed were their original alignment with the stars , he dated the rums to 15,000 BC . HUGH NEWMAN : Arthur Posnansky was a researcher who was part Bolivian , and he worked at the site for many decades , and he concluded that the site must have been built about 17,000 Years ago by studying the archeoastronomy of that particular site . PHILIP COPPENS : We don 't know how old Puma Punku is . We have had some circumstantial dating , but we have been unable to date the stones of Puma Punku themselves . They could be thousands , if not hundreds of thousands of years old , we don 't know . GEORGE NOORY : I think the fascinating thing about Puma Punku is how did these structures get built ? We 're taking about stone that is 25 feet high . Stone that is hundreds of tons . BRIEN FOERSTER : Puma Punku is so unique in the way that it was constructed and shaped and positioned , that it is the most intriguing ancient site on the planet . Of all the places I 've ever visited , Puma Punku is the one that I go back to lime and again because no one can solve the mystery . NARRATOR : Mainstream scholars believe the andesite blocks found at Puma Punku were formed by hand with primitive stone tools . But some researchers point to the intricate stonework as evidence of the use of advanced precision technology . CHILDRESS : One of the amazing things here at Puma Punku is the precision of the blocks . You can see with this block of granite , that it 's really been cut at very accurate right angles . Not only do these granite mocks have precision corners , but they also have these difficult drill holes that are going right through the rock . NARRATOR : But how could such primitive people , living perhaps tens of thousands of years ago , have produced such ﬂawless stonework ? Might the ancient builders of Puma Punku have fabricated the megalithic stones with advanced technology ? Technology of an otherworldly origin , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? NEWMAN : If you look at the stones carefully , and you get a magnifying glass on some of them , you can see some intricate stonework , as though they used machine tools or even lasers . It 's absolutely incredible . I 've seen nothing like it anywhere on the planet . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : When an architect or an engineer looks at Puma Punku , one thing jumps out immediately , that whoever built this place had knowledge of planning , of logistics and had access to advanced technology . CHILDRESS : You know , Brien . This is one of the most interesting and unusual stones here at Puma Punku . It 's got these perfect right angles , and each of these small drill holes are basically evenly spaced along this routered groove . To me it 's clear that power tools have been used on this unusual block of stone here . FOERSTER : Well , exactly , and this surface is as smooth as a table top , like in your kitchen . There 's no wave to it or anything . This was machined . But who machined it ? It 's an astonishing piece of work , and how anyone could Mink that primitive human beings could have done this ... You know , it 's just crazy . If anything looks like ancient aliens , it 's this stone . NARRATOR : But if otherworldly technology was used at Puma Punku , where is the proof ? In Danville , Illinois , machinist and toolmaker Chris Dunn has put the Puma Punku stone to the ultimate cutting test , using both laser technology and a modern diamond saw . DUNN : We 've got a sample of the laser cut . This is the diamond wheel cut . And the top surface is the original cut surface from Puma Punku . Se , now we can compare the difference between all three cuts . NARRATOR : Looking at the stone under a microscope , Dunn compares the two modern culling techniques with the part of the stone cut thousands of years ago . Though age has worn the surface of the ancient example , the comparison reveals distinct differences . DUNN : You 've got vitrification on the laser-cut side , and then. of course . You 've got circular tool marks on the side cut with the diamond saw . And then , whatever tool they used to cut the ancient surface must have been a different method . TSOUKALOS : Now , do you think it 's possible that some type of a diamond precision tool was used on the old surface , but because it was such a long time ago , that over time , the surface became a bit more rough , and we 're talking ten or even 15,000 years ago ? DUNN : That is a reasonable speculation . I think we have to start examining , um , a little more sophisticated tools that no Manger exist . NARRATOR : What did the ancients use to cut the andesite stone so precisely ? Might evidence of advanced technology be found by further study of the construction of the Puma Punku stones ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and point to what they call H blocks . FOERSTER : It seems like every one of these H blocks is exactly the same , so it 's like a prefabrication process where they needed X-hundred of these , and whatever machinery it is that they had was able , with amazing accuracy , to replicate one after another after another . That 's very sophisticated . CHILDRESS : Yeah. it 's an ingenious way of building a huge granite wall . And again , the whole thing is just so incredibly precise . Doing these kind of inside corners like this-this just can 't be done , really , with copper chisels and stone hammers . The whole thing is-is just so incredibly high-tech , even beyond what we would do today . NARRATOR : But how could the ancients have managed to move the incredibly heavy andesite stones to the site ? After years of research , mainstream archaeologists have said the massive stones were hewn at quarries over 60 miles away and then rolled lo Puma Punku on logs . TSOUKALOS : What nobody talks about is the irrefutable fact that we are at an altitude of 12,800 feet , which means we are above the natural tree line . No trees ever grew m that area , meaning , no trees were cut down in order to use wooden rollers . The wooden roller theory falls by the wayside . NARRATOR : Could there have been another more profound method of moving these megalithic stones into place ? And if so , how would such an advanced engineering feat have been accomplished without the hem of modem machinery ? CHILDRESS : How these massive blocks of granite were moved from their quarries and brought here to Puma Punku would have required some kind of super technology , levitation and anti-gravity , huge lifting vehicles , something that ancient aliens would have had . NARRATOR : Might the ancient city of Puma Punku really have been built by alien beings , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? Some researchers believe the ultimate proof can be found nearby , and also , carved in stone . NARRATOR : Southern Peru . 1549 . While searching for the capital of the Inca Empire , Spanish conquistadors , led by Pedro Cieza de León , cross into Bolivia and discover the ruins of Tiahuanaco . Less than a quarter mile northeast of Puma Punku . Mainstream scientists believe Tiahuanaco was once the center of a civilization with more than 40,000 inhabitants . PAUL GOLDSTEIN , Ph.D : Tiahuanaco is probably the greatest Native American civilization that many people haven 't heard of . It was one of the most important antecedents of the Inca . It was long gone by the time the Spaniards came on the scene . Yet , its level of achievement in architecture , in political development , in agriculture , in many craft industries are on a very high level . NARRATOR : Most scholars agree that Tiahuanaco was mysteriously abandoned around 1100 AD . But why ? Local legends suggest that Tiahuanaco was built as a site of religious pilgrimage to celebrate the arrival of sky gods at nearby Puma Punku . According to ancient astronaut theorists , the two sites were not only built at different times , but also by beings from different worlds . COPPENS : Puma Punku , I Think , is very of-the-gods . And I think mankind did very little with that site . And then , nearby , our ancestors built Tiahuanaco as a place where people could come to explore these places , but also , I think , as a tribute sue where a god had once been physically present on planet Earth . ERICH VON DANIKEN : You have to differentiate two different styles of construction : the old style , which I call the extraterrestrial style , and then , the later style , which was made by the humans . TSOUKALOS : Tiahuanaco is nothing else but a mace of pilgrimage for people to congregate and remember the time when something significant happened at Puma Punku . And the thing that was significant about it was an extraterrestrial visit by ancient aliens m the remote past . NARRATOR : But if Tiahuanaco was built to honor extraterrestrial contact , as ancient astronaut theorists contend , might there be tangible evidence ? In the 1960s , the Bolivian government excavated and unearthed the Subterranean Temple at Tiahuanaco . Within the walls of the square sunken courtyard are hundreds of stone heads with a diverse range of features . CHILDRESS : Here at the famous Sunken Temple at Tiahuanaco , we have all of the different heads that have been inserted into the walls . It 's sometimes said that there are all the races of mankind represented here , even elongated skulls , people wearing turbans , people with broad noses , people with thin noses , people with thick lips , people with thin lips , and some of the statues are particularly unusual . FOERSTER : They don 't seem to represent the local people . They seem to represent every type and shape of human head existing on the planet . Two of them , which are very intriguing , are white in color , and they look very much like grey alien heads . COPPENS : When we 're looking at the carved heads of the Tiahuanaco complex , you really see that it 's almost as if this is a UN headquarters , whereby everybody was able to come there because all cultures on planet Earth accepted that Tiahuanaco was so special because this was a place where contact with the divine had been made . NARRATOR : Some researchers behave a large statue at the center of the sunken temple depicts the creator god , known As Viracocha . Bu ! why would the inhabitants of Tiahuanaco have depicted their most prominent god with features unlike their own ? CHILDRESS : He has got a beard and a moustache . And that is an unusual thing , because American Indians do not have beards and moustaches . FOERSTER : Exactly . The fact , also , that the beard and the moustache are so pronounced . They 're not little wispy ones . They 're major , so , that indicates that this person was not a South American native , but dearly came from another land . CHILDRESS : And an important person , too , who 's somehow one of the founders , here , of Tiahuanaco . Maybe even somebody who 's come from Sumeria to South America . NARRATOR : Is it possible that the Sumerians-a civilization established in 4,000 BC and located nearly 8,000 miles away-could be connected to the early inhabitants of Tiahuanaco ? If so , how ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer can be found at the Precious Metals Museum in La Paz , Bolivia . CHILDRESS : This is perhaps one of the most important archaeological artifacts ever discovered in Tiahuanaco or Puma Punku . This is the famous Fuente Magma Bowl discovered near Tiahuanaco . It 's a ceramic bowl , and it has written on it Sumerian cuneiform , plus Prom-Sumerian hieroglyphic script . This script is coming from circa 3,000 BC . It draws a direct connection between the ancient Sumerians and Tiahuanaco and Puma Punku . NARRATOR : Discovered near Lake Titicaca by a local farmer in the 1950s , researchers behave the vessel provides proof of extraterrestrial Intervention at Puma Punku . CHILDRESS : The idea of Sumerian writing being here at Puma Punku and Tiahuanaco would seem to relate to the late Zecharia Sitchin , and his ideas that the Sumerians were also interacting with these space beings called the Annunaki . So , in that case , the Annunaki were there in Sumeria , but also here at Puma Punku and Tiahuanaco in South America . NARRATOR : Could the stone sculptures found at Tiahuanaco really be evidence of interaction with extraterrestrial beings , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? Perhaps the answer can be found by examining the legends of the creator god , Viracocha , and his mysterious origins . NARRATOR : The Andes Mountains , Peru . Here , 12 miles north of Puma Punku , he the murky waters of Lake Titicaca , the largest lake in South America . According to local legends , the god Viracocha rose up from the depths of this lake to create the sun , the stars and mankind . NEWMAN : Legend stales that Viracocha , the great creator god of the Inca and the prehistoric civilization of the area , emerged from Lake Titicaca , and he went to Tiahuanaco and brought civilization to that part of the world . He then went to Puma Punku , and this is where he said he made men and women from stone and took them to the four comers of the Earth to spread their seed . VON DANIKEN : The Spanish conqueror asked the Inca , the people living there , including the king of the Inca , " What is this Puma Punku ? " And they all said , " It 's not us . It 's not our forefather who make this . " These were made by the gods in one single night " Usually , a king is proud about what his people did , about the precision , and so on . In that case , the chief and the people said , " No , it was not us . It was the gods who made it . " NEWMAN : One of the legends of Puma Punku slates that it was built by a race of giants in one night after a great cataclysm and ﬂood had destroyed the whole area . But what 's really interesting is that , who were these giants ? Where did they come from ? Was it Viracocha and his band of followers ? Was it some other beings from some other place ? TSOUKALOS : One of the earliest chronicles that we have in regards to Puma Punku talks about that these giant platforms were moved through the aw by the sound of a trumpet . They basically floated into place . So , do we have some type of sound technology here ? And the answer is a potential yes . NARRATOR : Might the legends of giants-and stones ﬂoating through the air-have been inspired by some son of mysterious events in the distant past ? Or were they the result of alien beings visiting Earth in prehistoric times , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? VON DANIKEN : Now , I come with the speculation . Extraterrestrials arrive . The spaceship stands in orbit . Only a smaller space vehicle comes down , like a space shuttle . So , just to protect their instruments , they make , overnight , with their technology , what we call a base camp ... of course , made out of stones found on Earth , because you don 't transport granite or diorite from another solar system . And then , they disappear . But the wall of their base camp is still there . Now the natives come . They see these ruins . They touch it with their fingers . They say , " Look at this . It 's so smooth , it 's so sharp . The gods did it . " The place becomes a holy place . And now , the natives start to construct temples , altars in honor of the gods . So you have two technologies . One was an extraterrestrial technology , and the other was the humans with their altars and their temples . NARRATOR : In the center of the temples at Tiahuanaco lie the ruins of a stone arch called the Gateway of the Sun . Cut and shaped from a single andesite stone weighing more than lemons , archaeologists believe the ten-foot tall . 13-foot wide megalith was once the gateway leading to Puma Punku . GOLDSTEIN : The Gateway of the Sun is probably the entrance , or one of the entrances , to the Puma Punku temple . And as such ' it 's very important , because this is how the people of Tiahuanaco conducted Meir ritual , by funneling people through increasingly smaller gateways and Stairways to more and more sacred precincts . NARRATOR : On the upper portion of the arch , intricate carvings can be found of nearly 50 winged beings on either side of what is believed to be the great creator god , Viracocha . Interpretations of the engravings suggest they refer to a calendar describing a time as far back as 27,000 BC . CHILDRESS : So. here we are at the famous Gate of the Sun , with Viracocha right in the middle , homing two scepters , surrounded by bird men . FOERSTER : That 's a summon depiction in ancient societies , is a man who 's able to ﬂy . That would have probably been an interpretation by the native people of someone coming from the sky or from the heavens . CHILDRESS : It 's pan of our idea , too , that some giant airship that was a factory with power tools and power saws and routers and drills just landed here and began processing these giant blocks of stone , and then ultimately , created Puma Punku . NEWMAN : It seems like the whole complex was some kind of technological kind of factory . And if my research is correct , it looks like they were using it to create energy of some sort . So , what some people suggest is is that they were using electricity and power tools , which sounds incredible when we think about it because they were modern inventions . Bu ! actually , if you look at the quality of the stone work , you have to admit something like that was going on there . CHILDRESS : When you m at the complexity of Puma Punku , the huge platforms , the interlocking blocks that was made into what they thought were indestructible walls , what you could have is the kind of perfectly made granite space port that extraterrestrials would want . NARRATOR : Might Puma Punku be the remains of an intergalactic outpost built by otherworldly beings tens of thousands of years ago , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? Perhaps the answer can be found using modern technology to examine the purpose for which the site was built in the first place . NARRATOR : January , 2011 . Researchers survey and measure the monolithic stones and H-blocks scattered around the archeological site of Puma Punku , hoping lo solve the mystery of what these structures were used for and why . TSOUKALOS : The evidence that something extraordinary happened at Puma Punku is in front of our very eyes . Because at Puma Punku , we find evidence of stone cuts that we today could only replicate if we used the most sophisticated of technologies . FOERSTER : That is part of the great mystery of Puma Punku . It seems as though some kind of factory was set up there to make these almost exactly the same . It 's almost like a Lego system of interconnecting blocks , and that is unique on this Earth . VON DANIKEN : Many of the blocks were prefabricated blocks . Prefabricated blocks means planning . You have to make a design . Planning means writing . Now the archaeologists say that Puma Punku are the ruins of temples made by the Aymara . Aymara are the highland Indians up there . But the Aymara were Stone Age people . They had not even writing . So not planning , it 's absolutely impossible . Prefabricated blocks in Stone Age doesn 't fit with Stone Age . And the precision of the blocks is absolutely bafﬂing . NARRATOR : In Danville , Illinois , toolmaker Chris Dunn uses measurements taken at Puma Punku to create a one-eighth-scale model of an H-block to better understand how they may have originally fit together . TSOUKALOS : So you actually went to Puma Punku to measure the H-blocks . What was your conclusion ? What did you find ? DUNN : For me , it was important to find out what the measurements were . What I found was that the internal cavities were not parallel to each other . TSOUKALOS : And by internal cavities , you 're referring to these two parts right here , right ? DUNN : Exactly . TSOUKALOS : Mm-hmm . DUNN : These two surfaces right here , both lop and bottom , uh , they are smaller at the front than they are at the back . TSOUKALOS : Essentially suggesting a dovetail . DUNN : Creating a dovetail . TSOUKALOS : Mm-hmm . Why do you think a dovetail shape was carved or used ? DUNN : Really , if we look at the way we have used dovetails , we use them for mechanism purposes-to hold things together . So , essentially , what I 'm saying is that they were using these H-blocks for a mechanical Purpose . Probably to hold , uh , hinges for a door . NARRATOR : To test his theory , Dunn created a door hinge that would conned to a small-scab model H-block . DUNN : So if we put this together , we put the one in the bottom . Like so . One in the top part . Like so . And then this piece fits in there . Put a hinge pin in it . And now you have your hinge . TSOUKALOS : Yeah , it 's absolutely spectacular . And of course , the most fascinating question is , what tools were used 5,000 years ago ? Because something very sophisticated was used and not chicken bones . DUNN : Not chicken bones , not copper chisels , not stone chisels . The tools that were used to create these blocks at Puma Punku do not exist in the archaeological record . NARRATOR : According to Dunn , the H-blocks may have been used to mount hinges for a massive door , perhaps for one of the largest temple complexes in the ancient world . TSOUKALOS : It 's a spectacular discovery that Chris Dunn made . This lends a whole new meaning to the H-blocks at Puma Punku because , possibly , they held something in place . The question is : What ? NARRATOR : But Dunn 's theory on the purpose of the H-blocks is only one of several recent hypotheses concerning the complex engineering found at Puma Punku . PAUL FRANCIS : These had a purpose . NARRATOR : Model maker Paul Francis from Dandridge , Tennessee , offers another theory . TSOUKALOS : So you 've recreated these H-blocks that we can find at Puma Punku , and you came up with a very interesting idea where you put these blocks together , creating what looks like to be some type of a track . So tell me more about what went on in your mind . FRANCIS : When I saw these laid out on the table , I thought it basically looks like some of the World War II launch ramps that the Germans used in testing rocket-propelled airplanes . When I saw this , the lightbulb went off in my head and I said , yeah , with some wooden skids , this would make a perfect launching platform for an ancient spacecraft . So the skid would travel down the H-blocks , and eventually at the end this would fall off , and of course the airplane would continue to go on . And this is what I envision an airplane looking like . And this plane ... it has an intake . It has your control panels , your control surfaces , and basically , I mean , this thing is ready to go into outer space . TSOUKALOS : I mean , this just looks bad-ass . I mean , it looks really unbelievable ' cause you 've basically taken an object that was created by an ancient artist and turned it into something from a modem-day perspective as it relates to space travel , or at least aviation . NARRATOR : The concept for the ancient spacecraft is based on gold jewelry found in tombs near Bogotá , Colombia . After careful analysis and modern testing of reproductions of the gold object , ancient astronaut theorists suggest such artifacts ... nearly 1,500 years old ... are proof of modern aerodynamic capabilities in the ancient past . FRANCIS : You know , when these original sculptures were produced , they 're doing a literal interpretation of what they saw . I have to take that interpretation and I have to make it into something that would actually work as a machine , so , in doing so , we 've added a cockpit , which the original model does not have . Also there are two small bumps on the back of the original sculpture , which to me indicate rocket thrusters . You have this cone-shaped piece , which could have been an intake that this person saw . TSOUKALOS : And we know that these objects truly fly . We know that ' cause these experiments have been done before , and they were experiments that were repeatable , meaning they satisfy the scientific method , and so your idea of using the H-blocks as a type of a launching ramp , to me , is ingenious . I 've never heard it before , and it 's always great to explore new ideas in this field . NARRATOR : Might the H-blocks at Puma Punku really have been used as launch ramps for alien spacecraft ? If so , what happened to these massive , seemingly indestructible structures ? NARRATOR : Puma Punku . For centuries , researchers have been unable to explain what may have caused the total destruction of this ancient site . Some believe a massive earthquake in prehistoric times may have scattered its megaton stones like toy blocks . TSOUKALOS : Puma Punku looks like some type of a junkyard . It 's as if the whole place , at some point , got destroyed and ripped apart in some type of an upheaval . FOERSTER : Puma Punku seems to have become a victim of a massive ﬂood of some kind . Several thousand years ago . There is evidence that a meteor or a comet struck south of Lake Titicaca , creating a wall of mud at least six or ten feet tall that covered the entire area , and we can see evidence of that today . NARRATOR : At recent excavations of Puma Punku , researchers have discovered that Bits of andesite stone from the structural blocks are thoroughly mixed in with the soil . Might such findings of this unusual sou composition be the result of a large-scale explosion in the remote past , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? CHILDRESS : One possibility is that Puma Punku was destroyed in some artificial blast that literally blew these buildings apart , and then later , some cataclysmic tidal wave also just covered it with mud and muck . FOERSTER : Some of these stones are so smashed to pieces , you can find them anywhere in the area . You 'll find pieces of diorite with the angles on it , so that was part of Puma Punku . So much of it is not simply broken . It 's shattered to the point where you can find little tiny pieces of diorite anywhere you look , and that looks to me like an explosion happened . CHILDRESS : When you look at the construction techniques , it would seem indestructible and yet it was destroyed . NARRATOR : But if the structures at Puma Punku were constructed with such precision and with the heaviest , most durable materials available , how did it and up in ruins ? Is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , that Puma Punku may have been struck by a devastating meteor ? Or could there be an even more incredible explanation for its demise ? NOORY : There could have been an alien battle out there where they were using technology , perhaps nuclear that blew up everything in the region . That 's very possible . Something could have happened with our Earth 's shield where the sun 's rays came through at a certain time and just burned everything and obliterated it . The only thing we know for sure is , those people at Puma Punku are gone . We just don 't know how or where they went . TSOUKALOS : I think that Puma Punku was deliberately destroyed by its builders ... extraterrestrials ... right before they decided to leave planet Earth and go on lo thew next mission . CHILDRESS : It 's hard to imagine the devastating destruction that occurred here . It would seem like extraterrestrials had some cosmic battle on planet Earth before they left . COPPENS : There are various sites across the planet where it is said that there was contact with nonhuman intelligences . But when it comes to Puma Punku , what you have is also the archaeological remains , which tells you something out of the ordinary was happening here , and when you lay upon the layer of mythology , which says that the gods were here , I think it is an absolutely convincing case right now , to conclude that Puma Punku stands out as one of the preeminent sites where ET will have been in residence on this planet . And so the question then is , Puma Punku being a base camp for an ET civilization here on planet Earth , if they left , does that potentially mean that , when they left , that somehow they destroyed Puma Punku as well ? FOERSTER : If they made this to be a factory or something , at the end of its use they may have simply blown it up ... because they didn 't want anyone to use the technology that they had left behind . CHILDRESS : The ancient Indian epics ... the Ramayana , the Mahabharata ... they 're taking about these horrific wars that happened in the past with airships , these vimanas , spacecraft , huge destructive weapons like atomic weapons , so maybe Puma Punku was destroyed in this ancient planetary war . FOERSTER : Since it is unique to the area , ii may have been an outstation or something for another civilization , possibly from India , possibly from Atlantis , possibly from ... CHILDRESS : Outer space . FOERSTER : Exactly . NARRATOR : Precision stonework ... unparalleled engineering ... and incomprehensible destruction . Was Puma Punku really built by extraterrestrial travelers ? And if so , what was its purpose ? Was it an outpost .. A battleground ... or could it have been a final destination ? Perhaps , one day , we will solve the riddle and find out , once and for all , just who we are and why we 're here . Captioning sponsored by AE TELEWSON NETWORKS Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
