 NARRATOR : Strange tales of giant beasts ... half-ape and half-human . DAVID CHILDRESS : Sometimes they have six fingers and double rows of teeth . Their strength is tremendous . NARRATOR : Massive footprints of mysterious creatures found around the globe . JEFF MELDRUM : An adult male would stand ten feet in height and weigh a thousand pounds . NARRATOR : And ancient myths describing human-like monsters who travel between dimensions . SABINA MAGLIOCCO : They have the ability to appear and disappear at will . NARRATOR : On every continent there are legends of Bigfoot and evidence that might prove the story is true . CHRIS O 'BRIEN : We can ' ! rule it out as a possibility that Bigfoot are somehow an extraterrestrial species . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might there be a connection between extraterrestrials and the legend of Bigfoot ? ♫ NARRATOR : Mount Everest . November 9 , 1951 . On the Menlung Glacier at an altitude of 18,000 feet , British explorers Eric Shipton and Michael Ward came across a mile-long trail of unusual footprints . Not expecting to find humans in this remote corner of the mountain , the climbers examined the prints In determine what made them . To their surprise , the footprints were in the shape of a large , human-like foot ... one roughly twice the normal size . MELDRUM : The footprints suggest that we 're dealing with a large primate ... one that shares with us not only they have been walking on two legs ... but has some superficial resemblance in its foot to our footprints , only much larger scale , but different from the other great apes in the lack of a divergent big toe , suggesting they 're adapted to a wholly terrestrial environment , living on the ground . NARRATOR : Photographs brought back from the expedition hunched a media sensation and marked the beginning of the Bigfoot phenomena . But where do these giant footprints come from ? Could they be a hoax ? Or is there some mysterious unknown creature living in the remote wilderness ? According to the histories and myths of the Himalayan region , one such ape-like creature is the yeti , more commonly known as the Abominable Snowman . MELDRUM : The notorious Himalayan yeti ... it 's often described as being less than six feet in height , much more aggressive when encountered . PHILIP COPPENS : All of these sightings really make for a creature which seems to be hiding from us , a creature which is hiding in plain sight , and obviously the direct evidence comes in the form of its footprint , hence why ifs quite often referred to as Bigfoot . NICK REDFERN : People often ask : why don 't we catch Bigfoot ' ? Bigfoot could be some sort of supernatural creature like a phantom , you know . If Bigfoot is , however , a flesh and blood animal , then I would have lo say their numbers would have to be few and far in-between . NARRATOR : Since the Mount Everest discovery , there have been numerous sightings of large ape-like creatures on every continent , many clustered in the Pacific Northwest area of the United States , including Mount Shasta , in Northern California . O 'BRIEN : In 1979 , I was up on the side of Mount Shasta , on the foothills , trying to get to the base of the mountain . It was so dense and so tough . As we 're standing there , we heard this crashing sound . Simultaneously , we smell this awful smell-I mean , it was foul-but what was horrifying was , whatever it was was coming at us through this impenetrable hedge , and then we heard the most bloodcurdling combination of an elephant trumpeting , a lion roaring . ( fierce roaring ) And it was so loud , it had bounced off the foothills two mikes away . That was probably the most terrified I 've been in my life , and the next thing I knew , we were heading down the mountain almost skidding off corners . LINDA MOULTON HOWE : I had heard from sheriffs about a rancher in Montana who had gone out to go hunting , comes around a ridge , has an eight-foot-tall , reddish brown , primate-looking , long-haired creature standing right in front of him . Picks up a .30-06 and just fires . ( gunshot ) And the creature disappeared in a ﬂash of fight . If the Sasquatch , when a bullet is shot at it , disappears in a ﬂash of light , then what in the world are we dealing with and what do they want ? NARRATOR : Why is the creature known as Bigfoot so difficult to capture or kill ? Could it be , as ancient astronaut theorists contend , that the creature 's ghost-like abilities are the result of its otherworldly origin ? CHILDRESS : Many Sasquatch researchers have noted that there 's a connection between UFO activity and Bigfoot activity . In fact , Bigfoot has been seen coming out of some UFO ﬂying saucer craft . You have to wonder if , somehow . Bigfoot himself isn 't some kind of extraterrestrial . JASON MARTELL : Many of the North American Indian tribes have legends and mythological mes about these Sasquatch . The Anasazi and various other Indian cultures lock at these as a ghost creature or something that it 's impossible to capture , close to impossible to see . But they do know that they exist . NARRATOR : Although mainstream scientists consider the mysterious beast as no more than a modern-day myth , the number of Bigfoot sightings reported and photographed continues to steadily increase ... but why ? COPPENS : Specifically , what you get is always the big feet , you get a hairy creature , you get a very specific smell , very harsh smell , and it is also said that the sound which Bigfoot makes is kind of whistling . ( loud screeching roar ) So all of these components really make for a typical Bigfoot sighting , and they are concise across the board . JEFF MELDRUM : They seem to be very elusive , very retiring and retreating . Aggressive behaviors are very Ra rely reported . The witness sees the creature , and both go in opposite directions with no interaction whatsoever . REUHL : They range in size from perhaps six feet to ten feet tall . Coloration " the most common description is of a dark brown fur , their names vary from location , but you have , of course , in America , Bigfoot , otherwise known as Sasquatch in the Pacific Northwest . Down in Florida , he 's known as the skunk ape . Down in Australia , we have the Yowie . NARRATOR : But if a Bigfoot creature really does exist ' how has it remained so elusive ? Researchers point out that accounts of giant , humanlike beasts date back thousands of years . MAGLIOCCO : Throughout ancient history , we have a number of legends about giants , about wild men , about hairy beasts that five at the edge of civilization . These were humans , you know , people who were , however , wild , they were hairy , they didn 't wear clothes , they lived in the woods . And yet , in other ways , they had special powers . NARRATOR : Is it possible that the supernatural creatures of Native American myths are in fact descriptions of encounters with Bigfoot in the remote past ? And are such creatures extraterrestrial in nature ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answers can be found in numerous ancient texts . COPPENS : In the Book of Enoch , we have a category called the Nephilim or " The Watchers , " people who are said to have come dawn from heaven to Earth and basically lived ever after amongst us . Now , the Bible gives very little discussion as to really what they looked like , except the fact that they were giants , that they were big , and dearly they are deemed to be less worthy . And I think this is of interest because when you start looking an the Bigfoot , you really are confronted with a creature which , even we , today , would classify more as a animal rather than as a human being . TSOUKALOS : In the Old Testament , we can read stories where the gods saw the Earth women and thought they were extremely beautiful . And so they made babies with them , and upon giving birth , according to the texts , they created a race of giants . What they witnessed had absolutely nothing to do with the divine or with the spiritual because those gods were not gods at all . They were misinterpreted ﬂesh - and-blood extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Might Bigfoot , and the Himalayan Yeti , really be creatures of alien origin , as some ancient astronaut theorists contend ? ( growling ) Perhaps further evidence can be found in ancient tales of giant beings with supernatural powers . NARRATOR : Iraq . Site of ancient Mesopotamia and the cradle of civilization . In the remains of the ancient city of Nineveh , Sumerian tablets dating back lo as early as 1800 BC tell the story of King Gilgamesh . In this epic poem , Gilgamesh has a companion named Enkidu , who is described as a hairy wild man living outside human society . TSOUKALOS : What is fascinating about the Epic of Gilgamesh is the fact that it mates to us the story of Enkidu , who allegedly was a giant . It is possible that Enkidu , this wild hairy beast , this giant , could have been of extraterrestrial origin . Because that is what the ancient Sumerian texts are saying . CHILDRESS : Enkidu is described in the ... the Epic of Gilgamesh as being a hairy man-like monster with great strength . And when you read that story , and you have to think that Enkidu is some kind of a Bigfoot Sasquatch . MARTELL : This is the actual first fashioned being by the gods , where they put thew genetic marker on it lo make a new being that would be their slave , and they called this being the Enkidu . NARRATOR : Is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest , that the Epic of Gilgamesh actually describes a hominid creature created by extraterrestrial beings ? Sumerian texts also describe ancient sky gods who came to Earth , called the Anunnaki . MARTELL : The ancient astronaut theory explains how these gods were probably extraterrestrials . And put their genetic marker on this beast . But that beast would still exist and probably went on its own evolutionary path to be the Bigfoot and the Sasquatch that we have today . NARRATOR : Do ancient accounts of such human-like beasts provide further evidence that this otherworldly being may have really existed throughout our history ? Some believe the giant in the Old Testament story of David and Goliath may also be an early representation of Bigfoot . MAGLIOCCO : If you think about the story of David and Goliath from the Bible , Goliath is huge , and he 's big , and he 's hairy , but he doesn 't live on the edge of civilization or avoid people . He 's being used as a weapon almost ... a weapon of terror against the Israelites . COPPENS : When you start reading the Bible in more detail and descriptions of these giants , there were various other big creatures in our ancestors world , which we no hanger are aware of , and Bigfoot might just be a category , which somehow has been able to survive . ( creature roaring ) Whether or nut Goliath is a Bigfoot , they definitely sit within the same category of a creature which clearly is not human , but clearly is also present here and is taller than our ancestors were . TSOUKALOS : My question is : What is the truth behind this particular story ? And it is possible , as some scholars have suggested , that Goliath might have been an extraterrestrial . That he was a type of giant , a human abomination , a half-alien . Half-human creature that was so terrifying , so horrendous , that David took it upon himself to vanquish that beast . REDFERN : All cultures across the world , whether it 's South America , Native American Indians , Europe , Russia , China , Tibet , Australia ... all these nations have legends and tales of giant hairy wild men . Now , you know , people say , " Well , legends are just legends . " But when you have cultures and countries , separated by oceans , all talking about very similar things , to me , this does suggest that in times past these things were very , very prevalent and widespread across the wand . NARRATOR : Legends of giants were common in the ancient world . But similar stories emerged much later with Viking explorer Leif Ericson , who , in the 10th century AD , wrote of " horrible , ugly , hairy creatures with dark eyes . " MARTELL : Leif Ericson was familiar with the different types of tribes of indigenous people . Now , he spoke very specifically about these large , hairy creatures with dark eyes and a very specific scent that they had . It stood out from all the other cultures that they interacted with on thew travels mic the New World . ( creature roars ) Could these have been the Sasquatch or Yeti that we speak of today ? Very possibly . NARRATOR : Medieval mythologies have also described hairy wild men with strange magical powers . According to historians , the wizard Merlin , found in the tales of King Arthur , is based on a legendary Welsh figure Named Myrddin Wyllt , who is described as a hairy madman ... who wanders in the company of beasts . MAGLIOCCO : There are many stories , for example , of the wild man dating from medieval times . There , you have Merlin , our Merlin who is familiar to us from the legend of King Arthur . You have a legend about Merlin as being a wild man , being someone who was hairy and unkempt and lived in the woods because he communicated so closely with the spirit world . That he was untamed . That he was unable to live in human society . And so you have this idea that these creatures , who are wild humanoids , also have special messages for us . They can prophecy . They are living close to the spirit world in some way . NARRATOR : But could all these similar accounts found throughout history and around the world be proof that Bigfoot is more than just myth ? And is there any evidence that its origins lie not on Earth , but in the stars ? REDFERN : There are a number of cases on record where Bigfoot is being seen in the same precise time frame as UFO activities being re ported . For example , there was a big wave of UFO activity in conjunction with Bigfoot sightings in Pennsylvania in the early 1970s , and people actually reported seeing strange fights hovering over the woods . And then these large , shadowy , lumbering apelike creatures would come walking out of the woods . In Texas , there 's a road known locally as Ghost Light Road . And it 's Ghost Light Road because people see these weird balls of light flying through the woods . Coincidentally , people also have reported huge numbers of Bigfoot sight reports in these very same woods . ( roaring ) O 'BRIEN : Bigfoot are intelligent , they 're very , very secretive and very , very hidden . They 're able to skin around civilization . Perhaps they do have some sort of extra abilities that allow them to do this , and if so . Where did those abilities come from ? We can 't factor out as a possibility that Bigfoot are somehow an extraterrestrial species . HOWE : Back in 1980 , I had been investigating a lot of animal mutilations , and I get a letter from a man up in Snohomish , Washington , famous for the Sasquatch or Bigfoot sightings , who said , " I was out at my father 's mace , and I hear " a sound in the trees as if wind has come in . " With the trees starting to move like this comes this silver disc . " And then he sees a beam that comes down to the ground . In the beam is a tall , shaggy primate-looking ... he said it looked like a gorilla . Comes down to the bottom. and the tall creature walks by as if he doesn 't exist . The next thing , animal mutilations are reported within a few days . NARRATOR : If Bigfoot creatures are aligned with extraterrestrial beings , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , what might be the purpose of their presence on this planet ? And might the worldwide sightings be pan of a clandestine program that has been going on for thousands of years ? REDFERN : Bigfoot could have been brought here , you know , to sort of ... let 's put it alongside the natives and see what happens . There are stories of the star people coming down and releasing these Bigfoot-type creatures into the wilderness . Of course , you have to wonder what prompted those stories . And that 's why there are researchers out there who do believe Bigfoot is , if you like , an animal born on another world . FRANKLIN RUEHL : One idea is that these are entities that have been dropped down here as part of a research project . Another idea is that the Bigfoot creatures , perhaps , were criminals or some other type of undesirable from an alien planet that have been left on our world . NARRATOR : If extraterrestrials did create a race of Bigfoot creatures thousands of years in the past , as ancient astronaut theorists behave , might they have had a reason for keeping them hidden from us ? Perhaps further evidence can be found not in the world we know . But hidden deep underground . ( creature growling ) NARRATOR : The Siskiyou Mountains . Southwestern Oregon . In 1874 , hunter Elijah Davidson discovered a large cave leading to a 500-acre network of underground tunnels and caverns . Known as the Oregon Caves , the ancient subterranean structure is one of the few marble caves in the world . Some believe this underground world is home to the Sasquatch creatures that have been reported in this area by Native Americans for thousands of years . ( creature growling ) REDFERN : There are a number of sightings of these creatures in caves . A number of explorers hearing Very strange animalistic screams coming from these caves and seeing son of shadowy lumbering creatures within them . You know , if you 're a large ﬂesh-and-blood animal , seven to eight feet tall , certainly you 're gonna be out hunting all day to feed . But at night , potentially , you know , with Bigfoot hunters out there , regular hunters , other wild animals , you need in be careful The ideal location to hide out would be underground . Se , you know , maybe that 's another reason we haven 't found Bigfoot . Instead of looking around us , maybe we should be looking below us . O 'BRIEN : These cavern systems That exist worldwide have not been fully explored . In fact , probably a very small percentage of them have been even discovered . What could exist down there ? Could we have a whole system of life-forms that exist down there that we have yet to identify ? You have fish that never see light , you have insect species , there 's the possibility of a complete potential infrastructure for Bigfoot to survive on . Perhaps Bigfoot is one of these life-forms . HOWE : No one sees Sasquatches going on highways , paths and forests moving back and forth . If we 're dealing with nonhuman intelligence and non-humans made them lo do work on this planet , maybe there 's a tunnel system . ( creature growling ) And that might explain why you could have them in Georgia , Michigan , Pennsylvania , California , all over . O 'BRIEN : One thing that 's always intrigued me , as well , about Bigfoot is this description of a musky , sulfur-ish type smell that 's often associated with the close encounters . You know. the Christian version of the Devil and fire and brimstone and that sulfur type smell tends to be associated with the subterranean world or Hell . So , is there a connection . Possibly , between the idea of subterranean devils , if you will , or Lucifer , and that sulfur smell and that sulfur smell with Bigfoot ? NARRATOR : Is it possible that a race of subterranean creatures has been living beneath the Earth 's surface without our knowledge ? If so , might Bigfoot have been interacting with us for thousands of years ? TSOUKALOS : In ancient Greek myths , we find references to the troglodytes . These hairy , beastly-looking creatures that lived underground , that sometimes were extremely terrifying ... but sometimes they also were very wise and taught mankind in various disciplines . Now , according to the ancient legends , the troglodytes are believed to have descended from the sky . Obviously , they were hiding out somewhere that was inaccessible to our ancestors . They wanted to keep their presence a secret . There are multiple stories that actually talk about explorations into these tunnels , where sometimes people never returned . MAGLIOCCO : People who have done research have found dens , nests , collections of brush that are put together in particular patterns that suggest very large creatures are nesting in them . ( creature growling ) And I find that fairly persuasive evidence . Something is making those dens or nests out of brush . Something is using those , probably living underground . CHILDRESS : Throughout the world , there are many extensive and mysterious cavern systems that are linked together . In Tibet and in India , also in North and South America , some of them also go throughout the Pacific Northwest. like areas like Mount Shasta . So it 's an interesting idea that Bigfoot is actually traveling underground , through these tunnel systems , and those underground bases and tunnel systems would have been made by extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Might extraterrestrials really have built caves and tunnel systems to hide the legendary creature known as Bigfoot , as some ancient astronaut theorists believe ? And if so , is it possible that these otherworldly beings still dwell there today ? HOWE : Could Sasquatch , Bigfoot , be something that fives here , on Earth , underground ? What is the relationship between the Sasquatch , the nonhuman phenomenon and this planet ? RUEHL : There 's also the possibility that he is actually an alien creature . Now , we don 't know how intelligent he is , but one theory is that the Bigfoot is actually a more intelligent creature , and he 's avoiding man , hiding out in mountainous regions that are cold , waiting for man to destroy himself , at which time , he 'll assume dominance . And , of course , he also could be the result of genetic hybridization , and that aliens handed on our plane ! and used DNA lo create a hybrid between man and the apes . AH bets are on , but the evidence that he exists somewhere certainly is strong based on all of the evidence we 've found , in terms of eyewitness observations , footprints , et cetera . NARRATOR : Could the intermingling of human and alien beings have resulted in this strange hybrid creature , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? Perhaps further investigation of the Bigfoot mystery will reveal an even more disturbing truth . NARRATOR : Russia . February 28,1927 . Noted biologist and geneticist Illya Ivanov conducts controversial experiments to artificially inseminate female apes with human sperm . The procedure is unsuccessful . But three years later , Ivanov reverses the test using ape sperm and human female hosts . Before the experiment can bear fruit , the Soviet government arrests Ivanov and exiles him . But had the scientist already made an evolutionary breakthrough ? Might Ivanov have actually created a hybrid species from ape and human DNA ? COPPENS : Illya Ivanov was a person who was obsessed with making this freak , this creature , which was half-man , half-chimpanzee ... but also is completely convinced that if he 's able to do this , there will be interbreeding of these two species . And , really , if a person like that , a top scientist , is convinced that this is possible then , really , nature might have done so , or our ancestors might have done so at one point in the past as well , and this creature might indeed be the result of this offspring . MARTELL : Ivanov was aware that combining ape and human is possible with the idea that there could be new trans and things garnered that scientifically would benefit humanity in the long run . NARRATOR : If recent modem science could create hybrid human and ape creatures , might similar yet very advanced technology have been used by extraterrestrial beings in the ancient past , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? GEORGE NOORY : You know , it 's like " The Island of Dr. Moreau " , strange creatures that these mad scientists dabble with . We know that people are Chimeras . They are part-animal , part - human . There are people wandering tins planet right now with workable pig valves keeping them alive . So there 's no question , if science can dabble , it will dabble , and it could create some abominations . I shudder to think of the kinds of creatures some scientists on this planet may have tried to develop and they had to just dispose of them because they were too hideous . TSOUKALOS : Is it possible that offshoots of a certain species occurred over hundreds of thousands of years ? The ancient alien theory answers that exact question . And the answer is yes . It was made possible by a direct artificial intervention of our genes in the remote past by ﬂesh-and-blood extraterrestrials who used our planet as some type of an experimental platform . All around the world we can find carvings or statues of these hybrid beings . And some of them are in India . Like the Naga , which is a half - man , half-snake . In Greece , we have the Medusa with her hair made of snakes . In Egypt , the entire god pantheon consists of these half man , half animals , with Anubis , for example , with the head of a dog , and the body of a human being . And to suggest that all of these creatures were nothing else but fantasy , in my opinion , doesn 't really hold water . Because our ancestors depicted what they saw . ( creature growling ) NARRATOR : But if the monster we know as Bigfoot really exists , and is an ancient alien hybrid that has survived to modern times , what was it created for ? ( creature screeching ) Some ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer can be found by taking another look at the Sumerian stories of the Anunnaki , and the Bigfoot-like creature called Enkidu . MARTELL : The gods originally came here to mine gold . But they didn 't like to mine the gold themselves . So , the Anunnaki created what we call the Enkidu . They decided amongst the gods to fashion a worker being , the perfect working model . Not as sophisticated or as advanced as us . It was the first working model that they used as slave labor . NARRATOR : If the creature known as Bigfoot really was created by aliens to mine precious metals thousands of years ago , why would it still be around today ? Is it simply what remains of an ancient race of hybrid beings ? Or might these giant beasts still be working on behalf of extraterrestrials ? HOWE : Why would they put a Sasquatch character here that they made ? And it may be that we 're dealing with intelligences that can create anything with genetic material . And they would make a creature that would be strong , big enough to fend for itself , have some kind of a mission but is not to interact with Homo sapien at all , might explain why Sasquatch has always been so elusive . RUEHL : It could 've been an experiment out of natural curiosity by them , or perhaps they had a purpose in pulling Bigfoot on our planet , perhaps to lest out the environment before they ultimately land here and take over . It could be a long-term genetic experiment . NARRATOR : Is it possible that the reason we have not found hard evidence of Bigfoot 's existence is because it is hiding out , performing some secret extraterrestrial mission ? Or might its elusiveness be a survival instinct ... one highly evolved over thousands of years , while hiding from a far more dangerous alien hybrid species ... human beings ? NARRATOR : Hong Kong . 1935 . In a small medicinal shop , German paleontologist Dr. Gustav von Koenigswald purchased a set of giant molars thought to be the teeth of an ancient dragon . After further study , von Koenigswald determined that he had stumbled upon the first fossil evidence of an extinct species of ape called Gigantopithecus . Standing ten feet tall and weighing up to 1,200 pounds , this gigantic ape ... believed to have lived alongside several early hominid species for tens of thousands of years ... is the largest known primate to ever walk the Earth . Might the creature known as Bigfoot be a descendant of this ancient beast ? MELDRUM : A popular theory for the origins of Sasquatch is that it may be descended from a known great ape , Gigantopithecus , a giant ape that lived during the latter pan of the Pleistocene , and achieved , along with many other animals , gigantic proportions . As an ape with a small brain , it had extra crests and ridges of bone to provide attachment for the massive muscles to drive these very heavy , heavy jaws . By comparison , the gorilla has the crests and ridges that are found on Gigantopithecus , or Bigfoot , presumably , to support the muscles attaching to a very small brain with a small cranial covering . NARRATOR : The skulls of Gigantopithecus and the modern - day gorilla are typical of large primates . But the human skull ... a species behaved to have also descended from large primates ... is very different . MELDRUM : The human skull is remarkably smaller , although we boast a much large cranial Capacity , uh , small jaws , smaller muscles to drive these jaws . NARRATOR : What can account for such significant differences in related species ? And why are humans relatively hairless and possess brains far more advanced than other primates ? Are we really the result of evolution , or might the truth be that the real alien hybrid is not Bigfoot , but us ? TSOUKALOS : What today is referred to as the " missing link " is extraterrestrial intervention . Because without that extraterrestrial intervention , evolution did not take place the way we 're told in school . Right after we shed our fur , for millennia , we had to keep warm by wearing furs . Yet we used to have fur all over our body . So something doesn 't make sense . CHILDRESS : Our ancient ancestors here may well be , in a sense , aliens from other solar system , perhaps the Greys . And what they 've done is manipulate what were already humanoids on this planet , but brute humanoids " hairy , brutish people , the caveman of ancient times . But we 're being genetically manipulated and given the DNA of these extraterrestrials . MARTELL : The progression of the Darwinian evolution ... looking at the Neanderthal man , the australopithecine , all the way up to Cro-Magnon ... that missing link is still being looked into . Now I don 't think they 're ever going to find it , because the missing link , more than likely , was a genetic alteration on that hominid to make us . NARRATOR : Could Homo sapiens really be a species not indigenous to planet Earth ? And if humans are the result of genetic engineering by alien beings , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , might Bigfoot creatures really be the last surviving examples of prehistoric hominids ? Creatures who would have originally dominated this planet ? CHILDRESS : Is it possible that , during the genetic manipulation of human beings , we at one point , started out as Sasquatch and Bigfoot and Yetis ? MARTELL : One of the stories in the Sumerian myths is haw the gods came into contact with this apelike creature here on Earth , and said , " We can put our genetic marker on this creature and make man in our image and after our likeness , " These apelike hairy creatures existed here naturally on Earth and are possibly the origins of how humanity was spliced by the Anunnaki into creating us that Still exist today . NARRATOR : Might the legend of Bigfoot really be the story of Earth creatures who escaped experimentation by ancient aliens ? And could this help explain why they have been hiding from man for thousands of years ? ( creature bellowing ) O 'BRIEN : I think that we ... at some point in the not-too - distant future ... are going to have reek irrefutable evidence of the existence of these creatures . The fact that Bigfoot have been able to skirt about on the periphery and remain hidden and remain secretive and be seldom seen means that they 're intelligent . But what happens when populations keep expanding , remote areas start getting settled , and Bigfoot starts to lose more and more of its territory ? What 's gonna happen ? Where is Bigfoot gonna go ? COPPENS : I think this is extraordinarily powerful information to suggest that we were indeed engineered by ancient extraterrestrial beings , and Bigfoot might just be the first intelligent life here on Earth . NARRATOR : Is it possible that the legends of Bigfoot creatures are real ? Could they have been the product of genetic manipulation by otherworldly beings ? Or are humans the real alien creatures , manufactured by using alien and hominid DNA ? If so , it might help to explain why Bigfoot is so elusive . Not because we are afraid of Them , but because they are afraid of us . Captioning sponsored by AE TELEVISON NETWORKS Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
