 NARRATOR : Megalithic monuments linked together by electromagnetic energy . Prehistoric ruins arranged across vast distances in straight lines . And advanced mathematics carved into landmarks more than 5,000 years ago . Were ancient man 's spectacular structures built by humans alone ? Or do they bear evidence of being designed , and interconnected , by otherworldly visitors ? PHILIP COPPENS : These cultures were doing something on a global scale interacting , creating a pattern . BILL BIRNES : The layout of these ancient monuments could be a secret code that the ancients created for later societies . DAVID CHILDRESS : The ancients placed pyramids and obelisks , and other standing stones at key places . And they were somehow being used as navigational beacons by the ancients and the extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , did they leave behind a secret code , one which reveals mankind 's extraterrestrial origins ? NARRATOR : Stonehenge , England ... The Great Pyramid of Egypt ... Teotihuacan , Mexico and Machu Picchu , Peru . All around the world , ancient man built extraordinary monuments . And although separated by vast distances and thousands of years , researchers believe that a secret code , embedded in megalithic monuments , may reveal the truth behind the connections between numerous ancient civilizations . COPPENS : When you look at where the ancients built their monuments it is clear that they were marking the places where the power of the Earth could be harnessed . So the question really is can we still maintain that all of these sites were simply chosen by accident ? Or is there far more to it than that ? The evidence clearly suggests that these cultures were doing something on a global scale interacting , creating a pattern , which is really unique and lost to us right now . NARRATOR : Some researchers have discovered a strong connection between sacred structures and powerfully charged areas of the globe , where the Earth 's electromagnetic energy gathers . Today electromagnetic energy waves provide for all visible light , radio and cellular communication , as well as microwaves and X-rays . MICHAEL DENNIN : Energy scientifically is a property that things have that we say technically allows it to do work or make things move . So you think of things like magnetic fields , electric fields , gravity , things moving , heating things up , those are all forms of energy . And the one thing we do know is the Earth has a magnetic field and the magnetic field connects different parts on the Earth . HUGH NEWMAN : And these strange anomalies occur , like gravitational anomalies and magnetic anomalies . And even like anomalies to do with distortions of vision . And if you sort of mark them on a map where they all are they seem to form into these geometric grids . CHILDRESS : It seems that ancient people , possibly with the help of ancient aliens , early on mapped the entire Earth , and noted these special power spots , and vortex areas that occur on islands , and mountain areas , and jungles all around the planet . It was important to them , and these places are related by geometry , and latitude , and longitude . NARRATOR : Known as " the world grid " , ancient astronaut theorists believe our ancestors purposely constructed their monuments on energy lines that , when mapped and connected , create a significant pattern . CHILDRESS : The concept of the world grid is that the Earth is like a giant crystal and energy is flowing around it at little nodules , and energy paths are intersecting and moving all over the world . NARRATOR : In the 4th century BC , Greek philosopher and mathematician Plato taught that the basic structure of the Earth evolved from geometric shapes now known as Platonic Solids . NEWMAN : Plato left a tantalizing clue as to possibly the first mention of the world grid . He basically described the Earth as being created from 12 pentagonal faces , and 20 points , or vertices , on the surface . And when you join these together and mark them on a map , you realize that there 's kind of geometrical formations that appear between them . BETHE HAGENS : Plato wrote that there was a world soul and this world soul he described as a sphere that was composed of 120 equal identical triangles . I believed that that model actually could be applied to the Earth . NARRATOR : To illustrate Plato 's " Sphere of Triangles , " anthropologist Bethe Hagens designed a model of the Earth , divided by 15 circles . HAGENS : Here you can see a cluster of ten of the triangles of the 120 that Plato mentioned . Besides seeing this as triangles , you can see it as 15 equators that actually cut the Earth in half . You can see they all go around whichever way you look . They 're all great circles . It 's a geometric model of the Earth energy grid of what Plato discovered 2,500 years ago . NARRATOR : But is it possible , as ancient astronaut theorists believe , that man was able to capture and use the Earth 's energy at power centers around the world to help build their megalithic monuments ? NEWMAN : There 's fascinating ideas that they were actually using this for anti-gravitational purposes . And they were actually able to lift , and quarry , and move the huge megalithic blocks great distances around the planet . And so we have to question , was there something to do with this grid that they were actually harnessing , and they were able to use the energies from it to move and construct these sites ? NARRATOR : But how could ancient civilizations tap into Earth 's energy ? And how could the Earth 's electro-magnetic energy fields have even been known to ancient man ? MIKE BARA : The ancients clearly understood that , if they located their sacred sites at these places , they would get some sort of powerful alignment with the Earth , the universe , everything would come into flow , and it would be a great place for their places of worship . The question is : Where did they get the information ? Is it something that was passed down to them from a higher human civilization ? Or , was it passed down to them from somebody even higher than that ? BILL BIRNES : The layout of these ancient monuments and these celebratory places , because they lie on the Earth 's magnetic grid , well could be a secret code that the ancients created for later societies containing a secret about the relationship of those civilizations to ancient aliens . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : Extraterrestrials told our ancestors , hey , here , create this on that particular point and they did that all around the world and now when we connect all those places , when we plot them on a globe , they create this perfect pattern that would 've been impossible by chance . It 's a huge mystery how it was done unless you take into consideration that this might 've been a " message " for our generation that was left behind by extraterrestrials who visited our ancestors in the remote past . NARRATOR : Is it possible that early man learned how to harness the Earth 's own powerful energy from extraterrestrial beings ? And , if so , might the finding by researchers of a so-called world energy grid provide proof of contact with alien visitors ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answer , on both counts is a resounding yes . CHILDRESS : The world grid could 've been used as a source of free and inexhaustible energy that was flowing continuously around our planet . And they were somehow being used by the ancients and the extraterrestrials for energy , and as even navigational beacons for their spaceships . BARA : A lot of these ancient sites on the world grid are always associated with UFO sightings . The UFOs themselves seem to understand that these are important places . And , it 's almost as if they are kind of feeding off the energy of these places , when they come to visit the Earth . NARRATOR : Did ancient cultures around the world really build their monuments using powerful Earth energy under the guidance of star travelers , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? Perhaps further evidence can be found by taking a closer look at the strange link between some of the oldest monuments on Earth and their connection to the stars . NARRATOR : The Boyne River Valley , 30 miles north of Dublin , Ireland . Here , within this archaeological site , lie the ruins of the Newgrange Passage Tomb , built around 3150 BC . ANTONY MURPHY : This is Newgrange , which is Ireland 's foremost monument in terms of mythical and historic significance . It was constructed by a community of farmers and astronomers who inhabited this valley . And together they enshrined their spiritual and scientific beliefs , monumentally in stone . NARRATOR : Constructed with over 200,000 tons of stone quarried 75 miles away , Newgrange is known as a passage tomb because the enormous mound has one passageway that leads to a centralized chamber in which bone fragments have been found . MURPHY : This is the central chamber of Newgrange , with its massive corbelled ceiling , which has kept the chamber dry , completely bone dry , for 5,000 years . At the end of the chamber here , it opens up into this opening with the three recesses and there are three very large basin stones in each of the recesses . And it was in these basins that the remains of the dead would have been placed . The amazing thing about Newgrange is what they 've managed to do with these giant stones is create an opening in the chamber which accepts sunlight on the dawn of the winter solstice . NARRATOR : In fact , the structure 's main chamber remains in darkness , except for one day , at winter solstice , when the sunrise illuminates the 60-foot long passageway and central chamber for a mere 17 minutes . MURPHY : They saw the other world as lying amongst the stars and they believed that in placing the bones of their deceased relatives in the chamber , that the souls of the dead would be brought into the other world on the dawn of the winter solstice when the light of the sun came in and perhaps drew the spirit out into the other world . NARRATOR : The remarkable layout of the tomb 's ground plan is an achievement many researchers believe could only have been accomplished with advanced knowledge of constellations . MURPHY : The passage and chamber are cruciform in shape . They 're shaped like a cross , which we think is very significant because it seems to be based on the shape of the constellation , Cygnus , which is the swan constellation of the sky . ANDREW COLLINS : Cygnus is one of the most important constellations to the ancients . We know it probably better as the Northern Cross . And these set of stars seem to mark where the Milky Way actually breaks into two . And universally for prehistoric societies around the world , this point in the sky , known as the Cygnus rift , has been seen as an entrance and exit into some kind of sky world . We call it Heaven today and it was seen as the point in the sky of cosmic creation . NARRATOR : Is it possible the ancient people at Newgrange received knowledge of our solar system and distant galaxies from another , more otherworldly , source , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? And might the ancient builders have intentionally left a code for future civilizations to decipher ? If so , what were they trying to tell us ? GEORGE NOORY : They were experts in astronomy . They were also experts in building . How they possessed both I find to be very uncanny . Because they are supposedly doing this without high tech equipment and instruments . But they did look toward the heavens , and they tried to copy the heavens . COPPENS : When we look at the ancient people themselves , and ask why they did it , they are quite straightforward in answering this question . And that answer is simply because this has to do with the gods and figuring out when the gods would come in the future . NARRATOR : Throughout the world there are numerous ancient sites that were built in precise alignment with constellations , primarily Cygnus and Orion . Perhaps the most famous example can be found at the Giza Plateau in the layout of the three great pyramids of Egypt . BAUVAL : I discovered in the early ' 80s that there was a correlation between Orion 's belt and the layout of the three pyramids . You have two large pyramids , aligned with each other , and the third smaller one offset from that alignment . Well that 's the same way you have the stars . You have two bright stars and a third less bright star offset from the line of the other two . The correlation is evident . NARRATOR : Other ancient sites built in close alignment with the constellation of Orion include : The ancient city of Teotihuacán in Central Mexico , established in 100 BC , the layout of ancient Hopi villages in the American Southwest , and the Thornborough Henges , a Neolithic landscape complex in Yorkshire , Northern England , dating to between 3500 and 2500 BC . CHRISTOPHER KNIGHT : The Thornborough Henges are believed to be a copy of the stars of Orion 's belt . Their accuracy is just stunning . Now , is that coincidence ? I mean , it really is exact . NARRATOR : But why were so many civilizations all around the world focused on Orion ? ADRIAN GILBERT : The constellation of Orion has a special magnetism for us , partly is because it does look like a man . And certainly the Egyptians claimed that their gods came from there , and there is a sense that this is where we come from , that somehow the human race has been implanted on this planet and that that 's where our father lives . NARRATOR : Some researchers believe , in addition to mirroring the three stars in Orion 's belt , the pyramids at Giza also encode , in their placement , a significant message about the origin of their culture . BAUVAL : The position of Orion 's belt relative to the Milky Way is the same as the pyramids relative to the Nile . When you look at the two images , they look the same , except one is stellar and one is earthly . What adds to this is that the alignment , the pattern of Orion 's belt , matches what is on the ground , not at the time that Egyptologists tell us , but in 10500 B.C. When you look at the sky in 10500 B.C. , the lock is almost perfect . JASON MARTELL : At that same date , Leo is aligned perfectly with the gaze of the Sphinx . So at 10500 BC , even though the pyramids were built in 2500 BC , we see a terrestrial alignment of the monuments on the Earth mimicking the stars in the sky . BAUVAL : So you have two constellations locking themselves with two sets of monuments , the Sphinx and the three pyramids , in 10500 B.C. it cannot be a coincidence . BARA : Was it something they intuitively channeled ? Or , did somebody else ... someone from higher up ... teach them all of this stuff and help them to build these monuments , and help them to create these messages from ancient times , to try to get us to appreciate who we really are , where we really came from , and why we 're really here . NARRATOR : Might the builders of Egypt 's pyramids and of the Newgrange Passage Tomb , really have embedded in their structures a secret code telling us about the otherworldly origins of the elite rulers of their societies , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? If so , might there be hidden messages contained in other ancient monuments around the world ? Perhaps answers can be found by examining what some researchers call " ancient flight paths . " NARRATOR : Herefordshire , England . June 30 , 1921 . While horseback riding through the British countryside , amateur archaeologist Alfred Watkins notices that ancient features and structures across the landscape appear to be arranged along straight lines . Four years later , in 1925 , Watkins publishes The Old Straight Track. a book in which he proposes that man 's earliest monuments and megaliths were linked by a network of long straight tracks . COLLINS : And he referred to them as ley lines , but as to what these were he could only really say that perhaps they were lines that were used by the ancients to communicate from one place to the next . In other words they were simply markers on a journey . HAGENS : Ley lines are mostly found in England and France . They 're literally geographic markings between sacred sites . They might be old churches , they might be churches built on top of megalithic ruins . But you 'll see dead straight lines between these sites that have been maintained . LINDA HOWE : The Michael Line in England is a straight line and it is measurable . It 's a magnetic field line that you can measure and it will be higher than other areas around it geographically . NARRATOR : In his book , Watkins further theorized that ancient landmarks along ley lines were deliberately placed by early man for the purpose of line-of-sight navigation . NEWMAN : Watkins believed they were trade routes originally . But later it was noticed that some of them went over really obscure terrain , like mountains , and bogs , and streams , and all this kind of stuff so they couldn 't really have been walking . Seems more like they were a survey , or a mapping system . NARRATOR : Some researchers believe that ley lines are magnetic in nature , and delineate the lines of Earth 's unseen energy fields . But if ley lines were useful for overland navigation to the ancients , might they also have been useful for aerial navigation by extraterrestrial visitors , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? TSOUKALOS : Something extraordinary happened along those ley lines because the once very physical and real visit of extraterrestrial beings has been forgotten . NARRATOR : Trelleborg , Denmark . Here , along the northern reaches of the European continent , lie the archaeological ruins of a Viking fortress dating to 900 A.D. For decades , mainstream historians have been baffled by the precise nature of Trelleborg 's perfectly circular design ... with a courtyard divided into four zones , each with four longhouses and gateways open precisely to the four cardinal directions : north , south , east and west . Some believe such a strict geometric design would have required extensive knowledge of advanced engineering . The mystery deepened in 1982 when pilot Preben Hansson discovered a direct line of flight from Trelleborg to three other Viking fortresses ... all constructed with a similar design . PETER FIEBAG ( translated ) : Trelleborg was the starting point . 134 miles farther , and another fort appeared . He found more forts so that there was a line of four forts in Denmark . BARA : Given that the Vikings were basically seafaring people , and these sites are spread out so far , over land and great distances , it implies that , maybe they had some other way of getting to these places . Perhaps they even were able to fly . Now , how they would fly , what the technology was ... it 's a good question . But , it seems unlikely that they would be able to find all these spots , survey them , and place monuments and structures there , if they were simply a seafaring race . ERICH VON DANIKEN : These Viking fortresses are all on one straight line . You continue the one line straight ahead , over the Alps , for thousands and thousands of kilometers , and under the line , always holy places from antiquity from Stone Age . And the line points directly to Delphi ... Delphi in Greece . Delphi was the place of the god Apollo . And mythology about Apollo says every year , two times , Apollo took his heavenly chariot , disappeared in a faraway land in the north . Apollo flies on one straight line . At several points , he makes a stop . Wherever he makes a stop , the Stone Age people start to create a holy place of it because here was a god . NARRATOR : Is it possible that the ley lines that connected early civilizations were actually flight paths , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? And might such flight paths have been used by extraterrestrial spacecraft ? VON DANIKEN : The extraterrestrials in the past knew exactly that the future generations would develop technology , they would fly , they would measure , they would photograph their own land . So by photographing their land , they would realize something is strange here on the ground . BIRNES : How could a straight line link ancient Egypt , the pyramids , the Oracle of Delphi in Greece , and Viking fortresses that would 've been established thousands of years later . It made no sense . But it does make sense if these installations are along straight lines across the Earth 's grid , and if somehow those straight lines marked navigation routes for ancient extraterrestrials that use them as markers to navigate the globe from society to society . TSOUKALOS : Is it possible that these ancient sites along ley lines were nothing else but refueling stations for ancient astronaut craft ? And the answer is yes . Because just like today , a plane goes in straight lines . And if a plane needs to refuel , it lands at an airport that 's on its course and not , you know , a thousand miles to the east or a thousand miles to the west . A plane flies straight . COLLINS : it was suggested that UFO 's may be connected in some way , because it could well be that they are following the paths of geomagnetic fields , the different variations , the different strengths that exist . It was often seen that UFO 's seemed to either appear or descend or rise in connection with where the ley lines seem to intersect . And this has been seen time and time again around the world at different UFO hot spots . NARRATOR : Might the sacred sites along ancient flight paths really have been landing points , or perhaps fueling stations for extraterrestrial space vehicles ? Perhaps further evidence can be found by examining the ancient civilizations that are connected from opposite sides of the globe . R : Cusco , Pe . Here , lie the impressive ruins of the ancient capital of the Inca empire that thrived from the 13th to 15th century . Long suspected by ancient astronaut theorists to have been a place visited by extraterrestrial beings in the distant past ... Cusco is considered to be an axis mundi , which in religion or mythology means the " center " or " navel of the world " COPPENS : They are very important sites . And quite often when you start looking into some sites , like Cusco ... Cusco literally means navel of the world . It was the navel of the empire of the Inca . So Cusco isn 't unique . We really find navel sites everywhere . And the navel sites are quite often the most important sites of a culture . Jerusalem is one , Giza Plateau is another . BIRNES : World navels , because they lie along the Earth 's magnetic grid were places where the ancients created what could only be called heaven 's gates , altars , places where human beings could communicate with otherworldly entities . NARRATOR : Evidence can also be found connecting Cusco with another world navel over 2,000 miles away in the South Pacific ... Easter island . Although mainstream historians and archeologists believe the two places were never in contact in ancient times , Cusco and Easter island feature strikingly similar styles of stonework ... with colossal multi-sided stones precisely fitted as if each joint was welded together . TSOUKALOS : The walls at Cusco are identical to the walls we can find in the base foundations of some of the Moat 's on Easter island . And those two places are so far apart , I wonder , how was it done ? Either the builders travelled from one place to the other or the builders in each culture were visited by the same teachers . The teachers from the stars , extraterrestrials . FIEBAG : These navels of the world might have been geodesic points , which you could use to navigate from the air . There are interesting accounts about this , for example from Apollonius , who lived in Rome in 4 AD , that he descended with Thunderbirds , that he had visited the city of the gods . There he was given talismans , which he was supposed to bury . There is a similar legend from Cusco . There the children of the sun god are supposed to have plunged a rod into the Earth . And there are similar legends on Easter island . NARRATOR : But if Cusco and Easter island were linked in ancient times by space travelers , what might this say about other " centers of the world " ? Strangely , some ancient civilizations are located on the exact opposite sides of the planet . A line drawn from Easter island through the center of the Earth , points to Mohenjo-Daro , Pakistan , a once great empire believed by ancient astronaut theorists to have been destroyed by a nuclear blast thousands of years ago . And , from Nazca , Peru , a line through the Earth points to Angkor Wat , Cambodia ... a site of great religious significance ... known in ancient myths to have been built as a landing zone for sky beings . And , astonishingly , these four sites lie on one circle around the globe ... a circle that also includes the location of the Great Pyramids of Egypt . COPPENS : This is really the underlying mystery I think , which is not necessarily why were they monuments built , for what purpose ? But also why were they built on those specific places ? Because really what we are beginning to understand is that all of these monuments from the past were not just built haphazardly on the surface of the Earth , but were built in very specific locations . MARTELL : it appears that ancient people either mapped the Earth in some esoteric way that we can 't comprehend yet , or it was sacred knowledge handed down over thousands of years . NARRATOR : Might such connections between ancient sites around the world suggest that there was some sort of strategic link between these civilizations , as ancient astronaut theorists believe ? And , if so , what could this mean ? Before the advent of satellite-guided global positioning systems , the science of geodesy was used to determine the exact position of geographic points on the globe . One of the oldest of Earth sciences , the use of geodesy dates back thousands of years . MARTELL : There 's clear records that geodesy was used by the Sumerians in ancient times . Several of the landing spots used by the gods were actually triangulation points to the landing corridor . Things like Baalbek in Lebanon , or Jerusalem were actually extensive megalithic monuments with platforms that were used to launch spacecraft . And ancient man recorded stories around these locations of seeing great smoke , fire , and loud noise as these ships ascended or descended from these locations . DENNIN : it 's probably highly reasonable that the ancients had systems of navigation . I mean , we know the Romans did effectively that . And that was why they were so efficient at getting around their empire in addition to their roads and keeping track of things . CHILDRESS : In the early era of our own flight , pilots used markers which would be church steeples or mountains , and obvious physical monuments that they could see . Just like that , the ancient aliens they were able to also use this world grid and the pyramids and obelisks , and other monuments that were built at these special power places to navigate . NEWMAN : it 's almost like the ancients were building these sites and they were mapping the planet in vast antiquity , possibly up to 10,000 or more years ago . BIRNES : Because of the interaction between ancient civilization and ancient aliens , these ancient societies , recognizing the importance of these spots , and the presence of ancient aliens , place these monuments as a map for the star people , for the ancient aliens to follow and to direct them to the civilizations they might well have started by themselves as colonies . NARRATOR : Is it really possible that many of the world 's most famous ancient sites were part of an interconnected network whose placement on the globe was planned tens of thousands of years ago by visitors from other galaxies , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? Perhaps more evidence can be found among numerous strange symbols hidden in plain view along the northwest coast of France . Morbihan . Along the rocky coast of French Brittany is the small island of Gavrinis . Here , lie the remains of a passage grave known as Gavrinis tomb ... built around 3500 BC . TSOUKALOS : Gavrinis is an extraordinary passage grave that illustrates highly advanced mathematical knowledge dating back to prehistoric times . What 's really amazing about Gavrinis is that there are spirals and hand axes and almost things that look like fingerprints that have been carved onto the megalithic slabs . And mathematicians have determined that there are hidden messages , hidden mathematical messages . COPPENS : When people came to Gavrinis and they began to make measurements as to how these stones were placed , they began to realize that these stones weren 't just placed haphazardly in some kind of coincidental form , but actually displayed extraordinary understanding and knowledge of mathematics . NARRATOR : 52 megalithic stones were used in the construction of the passage grave , of which 26 are engraved with unique symbols . By adding , dividing and multiplying the numbers of symbols with significant stones or groups of stones , researchers have discovered the correct spherical size of the Earth , the number of days in a year , and the mathematical constant ... Pi . SARA SEAGER : Pi is a very special number in mathematics . Pi is a fundamental property of all circles . It 's the ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter . TSOUKALOS : These mathematicians have not only determined the numerical Pi way , way , way before it was ever discovered , quote , unquote , but also the exact longitude and latitude of the island . Now that is sensational because why would Stone Age people know about the longitude and latitude of that particular island ? NARRATOR : But do such findings of precise mathematical knowledge at Gavrinis , engraved there more than 5,000 years ago , suggest that its builders were leaving a secret code for future generations , as ancient astronaut theorists contend ? If so , what might they have wanted to tell us ? NICK REDFERN : We do see evidence of profound mathematical knowledge at work . The big question is did we develop that ourselves or is this an important aspect of the energy grid issue , that was instilled upon us by ancient aliens , teaching us about mathematics because it was important in the very clear , precise construction of these huge structures . TSOUKALOS : None of this makes any sense unless the construction was directly commissioned by extraterrestrials because they knew that we 'd have the wherewithal to decipher the message . NARRATOR : But is it really possible that the principles of advanced mathematics were brought to Earth and given to man by alien visitors ? According to ancient astronaut theorists , the idea is not only possible ... but probable . BARA : There is no way that we could have achieved the moon landings , for instance , without a very advanced knowledge of higher mathematics , that these ancient cultures seemed to know , way , way back , many , many thousands of years . CHILDRESS : This may be the reason that extraterrestrials wanted us to develop mathematical knowledge ourselves because it 's only with that special knowledge that we 're able to advance into the skies and to the stars . HOWE : if you go back through history , let 's say to Greece , Mesopotamia , Sumeria , Egypt where there was clearly some of the most advanced astronomy , and emergence of advanced mathematics . When these ancient civilizations were building hugely complex pyramids , and beautiful Doric columns in Greece and the ziggurats of Mesopotamia , is it possible that none of those had anything to do with the minds of humans at the time ? But were actually the creation by nonhumans who have interacted with this planet for thousands of years ? MARTELL : The Anunnaki that came here as gods to the Sumerian culture gave them a math system based on the number 12 . And we see this number 12 being repeated throughout time . 12 hours in a day , 12 inches in a foot , 12 in a dozen . It spans very much into different parts of our culture . BARA : There seems to be a single , universal , mathematical geometric code for how the universe works . And , somebody has been trying to get us to wake up to this fact for thousands , and thousands , and thousands of years . TSOUKALOS : Because ancient astronauts were aware that our development one day would reach a highly advanced technological status , they wanted to leave behind some type of a message , a type of secret code that needed to be deciphered by a future generation that understood , or would understand what really happened in the past , and that generation is us . NARRATOR : The world energy grid ... star alignments ... ancient flight paths ... and mathematics . Did ancient astronauts really leave behind a secret code embedded in the stone monuments of early man ? One that reveals the extraterrestrial origins of our world ? If so , why ? Was it to test us , to see if we could figure the code out for ourselves ? Was it simply to communicate with us ? Or was it to prepare us for the day they will return ? Captioning sponsored by AE TELEVISION NETWORKS
