 NARRATOR : Cowboys with six-shooters ... ( gunshot ) covered wagons crossing the the plains , and Native Americans wearing war paint and feathers . These are the images most people associate with America 's Old West . JOHN WHALEN : The Wild West as we know it tends to come from Hollywood movies . And that 's a very cleaned up , sanitized version of what the West was really like . NARRATOR : But might there be more to the story ? Much , much more ? LOGAN HAWKES : When we think of the Old West , the last thing we think about would be Billy the Kid chasing a flying saucer across the desert . From cowboys , to lawyers , to doctors , to housewives washing the clothes and taking care of the sheep ... people were seeing things in the sky they couldn 't explain . STANDING ELK : This is a replica of one of the bars that was in one of the light ships . And they 're guarded by the Star People . BILL BIRNES : Ancient aliens have been around for tens of thousands , if not millions of years . Why would they avoid the American Southwest ? NARRATOR : Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And did the cowboys and natives of America 's Wild West actually come in contact with alien beings from another ... much more distant frontier ? COLONEL DOLARHYDE : What kind of a man goes around blowing up other people 's cows ? ROY MURPHY : You got to believe me . There 's white lights ! There 's bright lights ! DOLARHYDE : So there was this big light , and you fell in the river , and when you come back , two of my best hands has just disappeared . There weren 't no lightning this evening . NARRATOR : In the 2011 film , Cowboys and Aliens. a man awakens in the desert , with no clue to his past , except for a mysterious metal device shackled to his wrist . This may provide the key ... not only to his identity but to his ability to protect the town of Absolution from a deadly attack by alien spaceships . Based on the graphic novel by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg and directed by visionary filmmaker , Jon Favreau ... Cowboys and Aliens skillfully blends the conventions of the classic Hollywood Western with the futuristic effects of an alien invasion film . But although Cowboys and Aliens is the product of its creators ' imagination , there are those who believe this story might have a few roots in historical fact . Aurora , Texas . This rural southwestern town covers an area of just over three square miles . Headstones at the local cemetery mark the final resting places of the area 's hard-working ranchers and farmers . But one body allegedly buried here has no marker at all . JIM MARRS : The Aurora Cemetery was founded in 1861 , right at the start of the war between the states . Texas State Historical Commission has a marker here that states the cemetery is well known because of the legend that a spaceship crashed nearby in 1897 , and the pilot , killed in the crash , was buried here . NARRATOR : 50 years before the United States Army announced that a flying disc had crashed at Roswell , New Mexico , there was a report of a strange unidentified object that crashed on the property of a local judge . JEFF DANELEK : On an April morning in 1897 , an airship supposedly ran into a windmill on the property of a gentleman named Judge Proctor . The ship exploded in flame and was burnt to a crisp essentially . ( explosion ) MARRS : There was an explosion . In those days ... this is before television , before jet aircraft ... any big noise got your attention . Plus , the ground shook , and so they knew something tremendous had happened . DANELEK : A local reporter arrived on the scene : , he reported that there was a large debris field , and also that there was the charred remains of what appeared to be to him an alien from another planet . MAX McCOY : The occupant described as unworldly by witnesses , was given a Christian burial and put in an unmarked grave . MARRS : In 1897 , this was six years before the Wright Brothers actually made heavier-than-air craft work . So , uh , this is why I consider the Aurora spaceship crash the smoking gun of the UFO controversy , because this occurred six years before there was anything manmade in the air . NARRATOR : Witnesses claimed that debris from the crash was recovered by local law enforcement and never seen again . Others claim that Judge Proctor buried it at the bottom of a deep well . For decades , the incident remained largely forgotten until , in 1945 , a man named Brawley Oates , who had purchased Procter 's land , reportedly was cleaning out the debris from the well when he later developed an extremely severe case of arthritis , which he claims to be the result of the contaminated water . DANELEK : He believed that the water from the well contained some sort of element to it that gave him a severe case of arthritis . It was a bad enough case of arthritis that it eventually killed him . So a lot of people today wonder if the well wasn 't contaminated with some sort of radioactive agents , which was the rationale behind his , uh , his arthritis . PHILIP COPPENS : We find that people who are using that well actually get ill . And so what happens at a moment in time is that the descendants of these people actually decide to cement the well . NARRATOR : The incident at Roswell in 1947 also began stirring controversy about the Aurora incident ... this time , concerning the strange body supposedly still resting in an unmarked grave . WHALEN : Researchers wanted to exhume the body , but the local cemetery association wouldn 't let them . MARSHALL TRIMBLE : My first question is : Why not ? What 's it gonna hurt ? As a historian , it makes me suspicious when somebody 's trying to hide something from you : , tells you , you can 't ... you can 't do something . MARRS : I first got onto the Aurora story back in 1973 , and was , uh , there before the tombstone went missing , and actually probably one of the few people around who still remember where the actual gravesite was . Now , the little grave is located right here . It was a short little grave . That of a child or a very small person . And the teeny little headstone , the marker , was right about there . A few years ago , scientists with ground penetrating radar established that there really had been a short grave here . Now , back in 1973 , Bill Case was the aviation writer for the Dallas Times Herald . I was working for the Star Telegram . We met up here . He had a metal detector , and we found three readings of metal in the grave . A couple of months after the headstone went missing , Bill invited me to meet him up here . We went over the grave , and there was no readings in the grave . He showed me three little holes that had been drilled in the grave . Somebody had extracted the metal out of the grave . NARRATOR : In recent decades , further investigation of the crash site has turned up inconclusive evidence , including unusually high traces of aluminum at the bottom of the now-sealed well where Judge Proctor had supposedly disposed of the wreckage . Could the events that happened on a Texas farm in the early hours of April 17 , 1897 , really be evidence of an alien close encounter ? Could it have been the first such event to occur in America 's western region ? Or was it only one of many ? NARRATOR : Adam 's County , Ohio . At the end of the 1700s , President George Washington awarded what was then the unchartered land beyond the Appalachian Mountains to Revolutionary War veterans ... in 600-acre parcels ... as payment for their service . But when the settlers arrived , they found much of the land covered with thousands of Indian burial mounds . And one of these was very different from the rest . COPPENS : Imagine when you 're pushing west , and all of a sudden , you find this gigantic effigy mound in the form of a serpent . What you have is a gigantic structure , which just sits there in the middle of a very interesting landscape . BRAD LEPPER : Serpent Mound was one of the amazing , mysterious mounds found by the first settlers as they came over the Appalachian Mountains . There were thousands of mounds , but Serpent Mound must have been special . NARRATOR : Like the Nazca Lines in Peru , Serpent Mound is a giant , prehistoric structure that looks as though it is meant to be viewed only from the sky . DAVID CHILDRESS : When you see the Great Serpent Mound Mound in Ohio , it 's massively huge . And it can 't really be appreciated when you 're standing there , looking at it . What we have here is meant to be seen from the sky . THOMAS JOHNSON : It 's mysterious in the fact that it is on an elevated plateau and concealed from the world , unless you 're flying over it in a plane . And it 's on very uneven ground . And really , to lay that out and make it right , you 'd almost have to be above , looking down to get it right , which is a mystery . NARRATOR : This 1,330-foot long structure winds across the land and depicts a coiled snake , eating what appears to be an egg . It is the largest effigy mound in the world , and curiously , unlike most Native American mounds , the Great Serpent Mound was not constructed for burials . ROSS HAMILTON : Serpent Mound had no burials . It 's one of those mysterious mounds that offered us no clue as to who the builders were , but on the property , there were burial mounds dated from about very early Adena period , nearly 3,000 years ago . NARRATOR : Another curious aspect of Serpent Mound is where the ancient Native Americans chose to build it ... on the outside swell of a five-mile wide meteor crater . JOHNSON : 300 million years ago , a meteor came into this area and struck the Earth going about 50,000 miles an hour . The Serpent Mound is built right on the very edge of the crater . And there 's magnetic anomalies and faults that go across the Serpent Mound and that the Native Americans could dowse them , and they could feel the positive energy that 's coming out of the ground . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : If you bring a compass to the Great Serpent Mound , there 's certain spots where the compass needle just keeps going . So , obviously , we have some weird magnetic fields there and also some gravitational anomalies . JOHNSON : The myth has it that the Native Americans , when they came here , could see birds similar to passenger pigeons , or homing pigeons , circling by the millions . Because within the skull of the pigeon is a little piece of hematite , or magnetite , and that 's how they navigate . And they couldn 't figure out where north was . Can you imagine millions of birds flying in a circle five miles wide ? NARRATOR : In addition to creating magnetic anomalies , the meteor also deposited a number of elements not indigenous to the area , including one of the rarest elements on Earth ... iridium . COPPENS : When we look at the location of the Serpent Mound , we find that not only that there is iron , that there is uranium , but also iridium . Iridium can withstand temperatures up to 2,000 Celsius . It is non-corrosive . And it 's actually been used in unmanned spacecraft . A.J. SHAKA : A lot of iridium apparently comes from outer space rather than being found on the Earth . There is a use of iridium for thermal electric circuits . These deep-space probes include actually a radioactive source , because it 's the only thing that can provide enough power when you 're out beyond Jupiter and there 's no sunlight and there 's no nothing . COPPENS : We have iron , iridium and uranium , three substances which definitely should not be considered to be of any use to Native Americans . The question then is : To who are they of use ? NARRATOR : Ancient astronaut theorists believe extraterrestrials may have come to this site to mine iridium for their spacecraft , and point to numerous caves found in the crater swell beneath the mound as evidence of this . HAMILTON : Right here , we can see one of those caves . It 's pretty large . And since this site is believed to be many , many , millions of years old , there 's a chance that there are many , many caves . NARRATOR : But if alien visitors really did come here to mine iridium and other elements , might this explain why the Serpent Mound was built on a scale that made its shape visible from the sky ? HAMILTON : The Serpent Mound is a marker for space according to the Shawnee Indians . They 're convinced that space travelers are using Serpent Mound as a marker . NARRATOR : According to Zuni Elder Clifford Mahooty , the Shawnee aren 't the only Native Americans who believe Serpent Mound has an extraterrestrial connection . CLIFFORD MAHOOTY : The Star Ancestors taught the American Indians about where they came from , and how they 're supposed to carry out their rituals . The mound builders , I believe , were those Indian tribes that had contact with the extraterrestrials . NANCY RED STAR : it 's the essence of our culture , and the mounds were a place where we would practice and learn from those beings that come in from outside of this world to visit . NARRATOR : Ancient astronaut theorists also point to the placement and shape of the Great Serpent Mound as proof of its extraterrestrial origins . HAMILTON : The serpent itself was aligned to a constellation that had its apex at the height of the night sky 5,000 years ago . The constellation Draconis ... it was used to align the Great Pyramid . NARRATOR : In addition to lining up with the stars of Draconis , the coils of Serpent Mound also align with the solar events of the solstice and equinox , as well as the 18.6-year lunar cycle . Could these precise astronomical alignments suggest that the Serpent Mound served a greater purpose than just acting as a marker ? Some believe that because of its magnetic anomalies , this site may also have been used to harness energy . JOHNSON : These magnetic anomalies , these faults , attract lightning . HAMILTON : The Serpent Mound is right on the edge of an outcropping of pure limestone or dolomite , which is even better than the limestone they built the Great Pyramid from , and it 's highly semi-conductive . This is what I call the Serpent Mound stone . It 's an unusual feature that seems to be made of a different kind of dolomite than what exists on the outcropping of the general serpent . This stone could 've been placed in the center of the oval . Therefore , you wouldn 't get a lot of random strikes , so much as you would a lot of strikes that would tend to come to the stone . ( lightning crackles ) NARRATOR : Could the Serpent Mound have been a source of great energy ? Might it have held an advanced alien technology that was somehow lost ? NICK REDFERN : When I look at our history of building ancient monuments like Stonehenge , the Sphinx , the Pyramids , the Mayan temples , what it tells me is , no matter how technologically advanced we are today , we 've lost a knowledge of something tremendous that came thousands and thousands of years ago . And it 's a tragedy that not only have we forgotten how to utilize it , but we 've relegated it to the realm of folklore and mythology . HAMILTON : When the lightning lamps were eliminated , the native culture fell into the darkness again , about 5,000 years ago . But we know that if their prophecies hold true , the Serpent Mound will be reactivated again one day . And when that re-activation occurs , that 'll be the beginning of the restoral of the earth . NARRATOR : Was the Great Serpent Mound really a hub of ancient extraterrestrial visitation ? If so , perhaps there is also truth in legends of other , even more bizarre , alien encounters in the American West . NARRATOR : Palmyra , New York , September 21 , 1823 . In the upstairs bedroom of a log cabin , just south of this small , rural village , 17-year-old Joseph Smith had a vision of someone , or something , not of this world . ANDREW JACKSON : it was late at night , it was dark , and the room filled with a very , very bright light . And this personage was floating in midair , his feet was off the ground . And he identified himself as Moroni . After talking with Joseph Smith for a while , Moroni seemed to ascend into the air , completely leaving the room again dark . The next morning , also , Moroni came back to Joseph Smith to show him the hidden golden book , which is what we know as the Book of Mormon today . NARRATOR : According to the Book of Mormon , Moroni identified himself to Joseph Smith as a man who lived in America in the late fourth and early fifth centuries . But America was not Moroni 's home ... he claimed to have much more distant origins . HAWKES : Moroni claimed to be from the Pleiades star cluster . So a church today , nine million members strong , believe that their church may have originated not of this world , but of another world . NARRATOR : According to Joseph Smith , not only did Moroni claim to be from another planet ... he also directed him to dig up the golden plates from " the Hill Cumorah , " which scholars believe is a reference to an ancient Native American mound , much like the Serpent Mound . COPPENS : We have since found out that that in burial mounds and other effigy mounds across the Native American region , we have such plates . These writing tablets have been found , and not just in North America , but also in South America . This entity tells Joseph Smith to go on a physical search for an object , which we know could have been an archeological finding . NARRATOR : But if Moroni was a spiritual or metaphysical being , why would he give Joseph Smith physical objects with which to translate the plates ? According to ancient astronaut theorists , Moroni may , in fact , have been a Star Being ... an extraterrestrial whose mission was to pass down to Smith and his followers the advanced knowledge of the mound builders . TOK THOMPSON : In Mormonism , actually a lot of their theology is directly related to this idea of God and various angels and various spiritual beings live on different planets . NARRATOR : According to Native American legends , the Star Beings left Earth thousands of years ago , at about the same time ancient astronaut theorists believe extraterrestrials left Egypt . But if Joseph Smith 's vision of Moroni was real , might this have been not so much a spiritual encounter as an extraterrestrial one ? If so , perhaps there were other such alien visitations ... ones , which in turn , fueled an increased interest in the stars throughout the 1800s . WHALEN : In the 19th century , people were very interested in astronomy . There was some thought that there might be life on other planets . So , often times , lights in the sky were attributed to possibly visitors from another world . NARRATOR : Joseph Smith felt such a strong connection to the Native Americans that he believed they could help guide him to a new holy land , which he called " the new Zion . " Although Smith died in 1844 ... the victim of mob violence ... his successor , Brigham Young , ultimately led the Mormons further west to Utah . In 1849 , when the Mormons arrived in the area of Parowan Gap , local Ute leader , Chief Wakara , told them they had entered " God 's own house " and showed them proof in the form of petroglyphs dating back thousands of years . TSOUKALOS : All throughout Utah , petroglyphs depict hunters with bows and arrows going after buffalo . Very ordinary , daily life occurrences . But there are also some other depictions , which are very odd . And they look like spaceships . They look like beings with halos . They look like beings with antenna on their heads , or beings that wear some type of a suit . For all intents and purposes , they look like depictions of spacemen . NARRATOR : Great Falls , Montana . October 19 , 1865 . Six months after the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln , a fur trapper reports what might be the first documented UFO crash in the Old West . WHALEN : In 1865 , the Missouri Democrat reported that a trapper saw a light traveling through the sky at night . It flew over his camp , broke apart and crashed in the forest some miles away . The next day he tracked it down , found a large stone imbedded in the side of a mountain . It was hollow , it was cracked open : , he claimed there were chambers inside of it , and there were hieroglyphic markings on it . And there was also some mysterious liquid spilled around the area . But the newspaper , you know , went so far as to suggest that these were meteoric conveyances of aliens from Mercury or Uranus . So , the whole idea of UFO crashes was explored in the 19th century almost a hundred years before Roswell . NARRATOR : But what makes this story even more intriguing to Ancient Astronaut theorists is the location of the sighting ... along the upper Missouri River . This is the home of the Blackfoot lndians , a tribe whose ancient legends include strange tales of Star Beings visiting the region from other worlds . ANDREW COLLINS : The Blackfoot have very profound legends and myths relating to beings , which quite clearly are said to have come down from some kind of sky world to Earth and in these sky vehicles . And the way that they are described , these can be modern ideas of flying saucers or UFOs . NARRATOR : Could the object that the Montana fur trapper claimed to have found really have been one of the alien crafts described in Blackfoot legends ? And might the markings have been the same as what Joseph Smith found on the golden plates ? To some Native Americans , like Chief Standing Elk of the Yankton Dakota Tribe , Star Beings are still very much amongst us ... and they are still making contact with humans . STANDING ELK : A lot of our relatives that come from the stars , they speak on a telepathic level , and there were some that came to me and showed me a bar with symbols on there . They talked to me , and I understood them very , very well . This is the replica of one of the bars that was in one of the light ships . And they represent the universal laws . And they 're guarded by the Star People . So these are universal laws . NARRATOR : Did early Americans really encounter what the natives called Star Beings as they crossed the frontier ? And what other strange encounters might they have experienced as they made their way further west ? NARRATOR : Tombstone , Arizona . In 1881 , this mining boomtown was the home of Wyatt Earp and the site of the gunfight at the O.K. Corral . Less than ten years later , it would become the location of one of the most bizarre UFO sightings in history . WHALEN : According to a story in the Tombstone Epitaph in 1890 , two ranchers were out in the desert of Arizona when they saw some sort of monstrous bird flying overhead with a huge wingspan . The body was described as being like an alligator , and the wings were described as membranous . MARSHALL TRIMBLE : There 's another version of the story told by the two old cowboys when they were very old That they never really , uh , they just shot at the bird , and it got away . It was literally bulletproof . HAWKES : There were a number of reports of big birds that cowboys would shoot at or chase for great distances . And they reported the bullets would bounce off the leathery skin . NARRATOR : But was the story of this giant bird simply a hoax , as many believe ? Or was there some degree of truth to it ? TSOUKALOS : In the Old West , we have stories of the Tommyknockers , these creatures that resided in mines . Of the ghost rider , which was this cowboy that was flying across the sky , but also of ghost trains . So , were all of those stories just campfire stories that were invented on the spot ? Or were they based in some type of truth ? NARRATOR : For many Americans living in the early and mid-1800s , the vast western frontier offered both opportunity and profound sociological change . Freed of the constrictions of European tradition and Judeo-Christian fundamentalism , the early pioneers could now experiment with political , social and religious philosophies which their Eastern counterparts had frowned upon . One such newly emerging philosophy was called Transcendentalism . MICHAEL J. CROWE : Transcendentalism was perhaps the leading philosophy developed in America in the 19th century . One of the founding figures in it was Ralph Waldo Emerson . It was belief in extraterrestrial life that led him to depart from Christianity , and another author who is part of that is the poet Walt Whitman . His most famous book 1855 was " The Leaves of Grass . " And in " The Leaves of Grass , " there are like 200 references to astronomy . He believed strongly in extraterrestrials . HAFNOR : In a nutshell , transcendentalism reminded young America that all things are not knowable , and that some things are knowable , but not through the five senses . So it opened up Easterners as they went west to new ideas and new sights . NARRATOR : Another strong influence on the way 19th century Americans viewed the world was the emergence of a new genre of literature : science fiction . McCOY : I think the image that has come down to us from lots of movies and TV shows , that the cowboy is kind of a rough , illiterate character . Most cowboys were extremely literate . Face it , there wasn 't a lot of entertainment out on the Plains . NARRATOR : One of the first great American science fiction writers was Civil War veteran Ambrose Bierce , who believed strongly in the possibility of life beyond our world . HAWKES : Ambrose Bierce was an author of some very strange short stories . " The Difficulty of Crossing a Field " was about an Alabama farmer who one day was taking a walk across the field when he just disappeared . He was gone . And years later , his wife would say that she could hear his voice from time to time , coming from the circle , but he wasn 't there . Ambrose Bierce was trying to show us that this man traveled inter-dimensionally to another place . And while he was still there , he wasn 't there . NARRATOR : it is thought by many scholars and historians that Bierce ... as well as other authors of early fantasy fiction ... had been influenced by Native Americans and their folklore . In addition to belief in Star Beings , they believed in the existence of inter-dimensional gateways or portals , which would enable visitors to travel between time and space . MICHAEL DENNIN : if you 're thinking about like people suddenly disappearing through a hole in space time into another dimension , at the surface of it , when we think about our modern theory of relativity and that you can bend space and time , it seems not so crazy , because we know mathematically how to describe holes in space time that connect different regions of space to others . NARRATOR : The mystery of whether such portals really exist may have been solved by Ambrose Bierce himself , when he ventured south of the border into the Mexican desert . CHILDRESS : At the very early part of the twentieth century , Ambrose Bierce was in northern Mexico , in this area that 's known for strange phenomenon , called Paquime . This area , too , is thought to be another one of these interdimensional portal areas . HAWKES : One theory is that Bierce may not have traveled into Mexico alone . Another very colorful figure by the name of F.A. Mitchell Hedges may have traveled with him into Mexico . Mitchell Hedges was a great British adventurer , most noted for his discovery of a Mayan crystal skull . The ancient city of Paquime is just a few miles away from the Crystal Cave . The largest crystal deposits in the world are found here . Mitchell Hedges believed that his skulls were capable of psychically communicating with a person and interdimensionally transferring that message to an extraterrestrial being . The theory is that Hedges , along with Bierce , may have discovered or mastered the method of speaking through the crystals or employing their power , and may have transported , as in his stories , to an interdimensional space , never to be heard from again . HAFNOR : While there , he sent his last communication that we know of , which was a letter , and that letter ended with this ominous line : " As for me , I leave tomorrow for an unknown destination . " NARRATOR : The man who wrote about so many strange disappearances was never seen or heard from again . Did Ambrose Bierce meet with foul play , or did he find an interdimensional portal , like the ones described in his stories ? Perhaps the answer can be found in a mysterious lake in California , one thought by many to be an actual gateway to another world . NARRATOR : Elizabeth Lake , Southern California . This high desert body of water sits at the junction of the tectonic plates that form the powerful San Andreas fault . The Mexicans who colonized California in the 1700s called it Laguna del Diablo : Lake of the Devil . And it was said that the devil 's own pet would come into this world through a portal at the bottom of the lake . COPPENS : Local legend says that at the bottom is actually an entrance to the underworld . They call it the Lake of the Devil . And it 's said that in the middle of the 18th century , from up until about 1880 onwards , something was happening there which frightened locals . WHALEN : Some of the rich landowners built ranches there . These ranchers claimed to have been harassed and tormented by some sort of monstrous beast that would come out of the water and steal cattle and menace the locals . NARRATOR : The ranchers who claimed to have witnessed this beast called it , " The Thunderbird , " and their description of it was nearly identical to that of the giant bird witnessed by cowboys in Tombstone in 1890 . WHALEN : Eventually , one of the landowners got it in his head that he was going to hunt this creature down and sell it to the circus , so according to the story , this rancher was able to actually fire a few shots at this creature , which seemed to be bulletproof and metallic . The bullets bounced off . And after that encounter , the bird flew east , never to be seen again in California . NARRATOR : Could this so-called Thunderbird really have been the same creature that cowboys shot at in Tombstone ? And why was it referred to by locals as , " The Devil 's Pet " ? STANDING ELK : They didn 't have the vocabulary we have today , so when things happened that they couldn 't explain , it was called the Devil 's Tower . It was called the Devil 's Lake . It was called the Devil 's this , or the Devil 's that . COPPENS : Take it away from religion , and you might find that this was a portal to another dimension which the locals knew about , and might have something to do with the fact that this mysterious entity was present at that very specific location . NARRATOR : if a portal to another dimension or another part of the universe does lie at the bottom of Elizabeth Lake , might it also be possible that the Thunderbird was not really a creature at all , but something even more incredible ? JONATHAN YOUNG : A thunderbird was enormous , it made enormous noises , so the thunder part of it could sound like a jet engine . REDFERN : Its eyes were able to literally pierce and emanate fire . So we have this large flying winged creature , which gives off a thunderous sound , and lights fly from its eyes . That to me says , yes , we could be dealing with some sort of craft . ( engines roaring ) ( chanting ) ERICH VON DANIKEN : Native Indians in North America ... they know , of course , the bird . But now something differently arrived . An object , which could fly , which is bigger than the eagle , but at the same time , makes tremendous noise . So you have the creation of the Thunderbird . MAHOOTY : Even when the airplanes first started going out , up in the sky here in the southwest , they referred them to as metal birds . As a matter of fact , when the first fixed-wing craft landed in Zuni , the Indians over there actually went out there and worshipped the airplane . MARRS : it makes me think of a concept called cultural tracking , which is the idea that UFOs can mask themselves to appear as almost anything . And you go back to ancient China , and they talk about the flying dragons . You go back to the ancient Egyptians , they talk about flying boats . You go to the Roman times , and they 're talking about flying shields . Perhaps that was just their interpretation , or perhaps that 's what they actually saw . NARRATOR : Did the cowboys in Tombstone , Arizona , and ranchers at Elizabeth Lake witness an alien vehicle ? One that may have been visiting North America for thousands of years ? HAWKES : The truth of the matter is , there 's some very interesting and incredible stories that come from the 1800s about flying objects and strange encounters and events . McCOY : The Old West was not only rugged , deadly , bloody , but it was also mysterious . It was a time when people often encountered things that they didn 't understand and had to make up stories to account for it . And you see this in nearly every society . TRIMBLE : How many things do we know today that were thought to be just impossible ? I always try to keep an open mind when-when I hear a story , and I might not believe , but I don 't disbelieve , either . NARRATOR : Aliens invade a quiet Western town , and terrified residents scramble for their guns in a valiant attempt to defend themselves . A mere product of Hollywood 's high-concept imagination ? Or are films like Cowboys and Aliens actually inspired by historical events ? Stories that challenge everything we know or Stories that challenge everything we know or believe about ourselves ? As we continue to explore the vastness of the universe and examine more and more of the mysteries of the Earth , are we getting closer to unlocking the secrets of our past , and opening a doorway to our future ? Captioning sponsored by AE TELEVISION NETWORKS Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
