 Subtitles by Kachan Ever had one of those nights that starts out like any another but ends up being the best night of your life ? It was the June the 22th , 1990 Our final day of school There was Oliver Chamberlain , Peter Page , Steven Prince , Andy Knightley and me They called me " The King " Because my name 's Gary King Ollie was funny He fancied himself a bit of a player but Really he was all maths We called him " O-Man " because he had a birth mark on forehead that looked like a 6 He loved it Pete was the baby of the group He wasn 't the kind of kid we usually hang out with but he was good for a laugh And he was absolutely minted Steve was a pretty cool guy We jammed together , chased the girls ... I think he saw us as rivals Sweet , really And Andy Andy was my wing man The one man I could rely on to back me up He loved me and I 'm not being funny but ... I loved him too There was nothing we were gonna miss about school Maybe Mr Shepherd He was definitely one of the good guys He used to ask what I wanted to do with my life I told him that just wanted to have a good time He thought that was funny It wasn 't meant to be Not that night Newton Haven was our hometown Our playground , our universe And that night it was the site of an heroic quest The aim ? To conquer the Golden Mile Twelve pubs along the legendary path of alchoholic indulgence There was The First Post , The Old Familiar , The Famous Cock The Cross Hands , The Good Companions , The Trusty Servant The Two-Headed Dog , The Mermaid The Beehive , The King 's Head , The Hole in the Wall ... All before reaching our destiny The World 's End We took my car into town I called it the Beast ' cause she was pretty hairy And so , our journey into manhood began We were off We didn 't waste any time We hit pub # 1 and we hit it hard There was drinking , there was fun there was controversy , there were ladies , there was shots there was drama and of course there was drinking By pub # 5 , we were feeling invicible And decided to purchase some herbal refreshment from a man we called " The Reverend Green " Pint # 6 put O-Man out of commission So we carried on without him Good thing , I bumped into his sister at the next pub We went into the disabled and I bumped into her again Sam tagged along for a while but then I had to let her go I had another date that night And her name was Amber Nine pints in and it was us against the world Things got mental in the Beehive so we repaired to the Ball 's Club Or as we liked to call it " The Smoke House " Which is when it all went fuck up Everyone got paranoid and Pete chucked a whitey so we had to bench him In the end , we blew off the last three pubs and headed for the hills I remember sitting out there With blood on my knuckles , beer down my shirt , sick on my shoes Seeing the orange glow of a new dawn breaking knowing in my heart life would never feel this good again And you know what ? It never did Thank you , Gary It was uh ... enlightening Would anyone like to add anything ? Or maybe challenge Gary ? You disappointed ? About what ? You didn 't make it to The World 's End No Just what is it that you want to do ? We want to be free We want to be free to do what we want to do And we want to get loaded And we want to have a good time And that 's we 're gonna do We 're gonna have a good time We 're gonna have a party She 's a beauty Yeah But she 's no Beast Hello , Peter Jesus Gary ! The once and future king Were you at my house this morning ? No . I could have swore I saw you on my street I never been to Bishop 's Gardens How you 're doing , man ? I 'm well , you ? Yeah , never better - How 's uh .. - Vanessa ? - No , your wife - Vanessa ? Yeah , how is she ? She 's good Have you had sex yet ? We have two children Oooh , twice ! Look at you , fuckmachine ! We haven 't changed , have we ? What 's he doing here ? - It 's alright , dad , we 're fine - Hi , Mr P So Gary , how can I help you ? He looks well Are you looking to buy a car ? Uh , no I 'm afraid the end is nigh What ? The World 's End ! What do you mean ? You know what I mean ! One night , five men , twelve pubs Let battle commence ! You want to try that again ? Yeah ! Isn 't it something you always wanted ? Not particularly , no Look , Peter We didn 't make it before But this time , we 're going to see it through to the bitter end or lager end We ? Yeah ! The whole gang ! Even Andy ? Why wouldn 't Andy be coming ? Well , I thought that after the accident ... Not an issue He 's in What we want to know is ... are you ? Well , i 'd have to check with Vanessa Who 's Vanessa ? My wife ! Since when do you have to check with your wife ? Since we got married Oh come on ! Don 't you miss it ? The laughs , the comradery the fights the hangovers so fierce , it feels like your head 's full of ants ! Maybe the first two It begins What 's your new number ? The same I had for ten years Yeah , what 's that one ? This entire row here , they 'll have dormer windows above the front elevation Who 's the helmet without an helmet ? It 's Gary King Knock , knock ! What are you doing here , Gary ? You 're supposed to say " Who 's There ? " I can see who 's there It 's you I love what you 've done with the place Bit drafty How 's Selena ? We divorced ten years ago Yeah , I know , just wondered how she was She 's doing very well , apparently You got anyone else on the go ? Yeah , I do as it happens She 's a fitness instructor 26 Pedophile ! I 'm kidding - I 'd love to meet her sometime - No Why are you here ? Haven 't you heard ? We 're getting the band back together Not your bass player anymore I mean , we 're getting the boys back together We can get the band back together as well if you want No , we can 't You sold my guitar to buy drugs I 've always wondered what is that thing over the door called ? That 's a lintel So ! The plan is we 're gonna go back to Newton Heaven We 're gonna do the Golden Mile and this time we 're gonna make it to The World 's End Everybody 's in What , even Andy ? Oh , you better believe it , big boss Andy is going drinking with you ? With us Think about it Go back to the old times - Sink a few pints - Twelves pints Yeah Twelve pints is insane Uh uh , I know What 's this all about , Gary ? It 's about closure You know ? Why should getting older affect something as important as friendship ? A lot has changed since then , Oliver Right This is our chance to take stock Oh , a stock take You make it sound so much fun Come on , O-Man , isn 't it something you 'd like ? What I 'd really like is you to take your DMs of the sofa Look If you 're worried about me , don 't be , alright ? I am here to tell you that Gary King is back on the horse You ... You 're back on the horse ? No , I mean , I 'm back on the bike What bike ? What do you mean ? What 's the bike stand for ? Bicycle I 'm lost Don 't be Okay Listen This is our chance to finally finish what we started Come on man , it will be fucking mental ! Ah , uh ... I think we 're all done so ... Well , how ... how do you like the property ? Yeah , it 's amazing Amazing location Fantastic Fantastic aspects It 's just a little bit out of our price range He 'll knock some off for you Well ... What 's it on for ? 1.2 million Fuck off ! You have my card Gary ! Wtf ? Good to see you too , O-Man Please , don 't call me " O-Man " Sure Hey , how 's your sister ? She 's fine She talks about me ? No ! So friday , we 're all going head together , make a road trip of it I 'll drive No , I don 't think I can I think I got a doctor 's appointement Yeah you do ! With Dr Ink ! You know , Doctor ... . Yeah , " Dr-ink " I get it ! Come on ! It won 't be the same without the O-Man ? See the guys See how they 're doing Tell them how you 're doing You never know You might make it to the end this time Andy is ... definitely coming ? Yeah ! Andy Knightley Tots ! And you convinced him how ? Mr Knightley ? Felicity You have a friend here to see you No , I don 't 'Tis a bit grown-up , isn 't it ? Yep I saw the boys the other day Uh uh ? O-Man Stevie-baby Uh-the-Pete-a-tron Yeah , I remember the names of our childhood friends , Gary We had ourselves ... a little idea Did you , now ? Yeah , we 're gonna go back to Newton Heaven Why ? For some unfinished business ... ? That 's a joke , right ? Five guys , twelve pubs , fifty pints ! Sixty pints Steady on , you fucking alky ! I haven 't had a drink for 16 years , Gary You must be thirsty then We can go back , see the guys , chew the fat and it will just like it always was , except this time ... we 're gonna finish this thing once and for all You have a very selective memory , Gary Thanks ! You remember the friday nights I remember the monday mornings Yeah , that 's why we 're going back on a friday ! I didn 't even know there was a living Newton Heaven anymore Because it is a black hole It 's boring It always was and it always will be It 's only boring ' cause we 're not there It 's pointless arguing with you Exactly ! So , come I 'm picking everybody up from High Wycombe Station , friday 3 o 'clock Sharp No , Gary Oh god , why ? Have you got to chat with your missus ? No , actually I don 't have to chat with my missus What are you doing ? I 'm showing you the door Is it a door ? Only it doesn 't have a lintel And it 's glass So is it a window , or is it a door ? Maybe it 's a ... windoor Get up that Please leave , Gary Alright Six hundred , wasn 't it ? Oh , uh ... I thought you should know What ? Mum died When ? Couple of weeks ago The big ... cancer I 'm sorry She used to really like you , you know ? Got me thinking about the old days Particularly that night , you know ? ' Cause we were so happy And , you know ... I love the boys like brothers But , uh , when all is said and done ... You 're the best friend I ever had It was good to see you , mate Pete ! Steven ! Oh , god I had a horrible feeling I was going to be the only one here I reckon that 's not the last horrible feeling you 're gonna have today , mate This can 't be happening , can 't it ? You 've said it . What the hell are we doing here ? What we always did Follow Gary King into almost certain oblivion Hello , Steven Hi , mate Pete , hi mate Didn 't we decide to stop calling " fearless leader " somewhere in 1992 ? Old habits die hard They 'll be putting that on Gary 's tombstone No they won 't , you know he 'll outlive us all That would be funny if it wasn 't true Hang on a sec What ? So , I 'm just gonna decide which of us is the biggest idiot for coming Maybe he had an accident Oh , sorry Andy Sorry No , no , it 's fine I think Gary having an accident would actually be the best outcome for all of us Including Gary Unbelivable Oh yes ! Look at these cunts You 're late No , I 'm not Yeah you are . You said 3 , it 's almost 4 Yeah , 3 to 4 You know your problem , Gary ? You 're never wrong How 's that a problem ? I can 't believe you bought another Granada Mark II What do you mean ? Well , this looks exactly like the car I sold you in 1989 This is the car you sold me in 1989 Best three hundred quid I ever spent This is the Beast ? Yeah Pretty much Well , she 's had a bit of work done to replace the uh ... breaks , suspension , exhaust , seats ... wheels , panneling , carburetor , manifold All engine , really Mirrors , headlamps . Other than that ... She 's the same old motor You could almost say an antique Well , let 's get this antique ... on the road show ! Come here , bell-ends , we 're gonna be late ! And we 're back Just like the Five Musketeers Three Musketeers , isn 't it ? Four , if you count D 'Artagnan Well nobody knows how many they were really , do they , Pete ? I mean , history is a sketchbook You do know that " The Three Musketeers " is a fiction , right ? Written by Alexander Dumas A lot of people are saying that about The Bible these days What ? That it was written by Alexander Dumas ? Don 't be daft , Steve ! It was written by Jesus Anyway , five sounds much better I think they missed a trick only having three 'Cause if they had five , two could have died and they 'd still have three left Are we there yet ? Let 's ... DO THIS ! Soup Dragons I remember this one Hey , I put this on a tape for you , didn 't I ? Yeah , this is it ! This is the tape ? Yeah , yeah , look ! Where did you find it ? It was in the tape player Oh , look ! Is anyone hungry ? [ all ] No I need to piss , actually This is a long piss If it is a piss Might be a little ... Poo ? How is it a poo ? Still work for your old man , Pete ? Yeah I 'm a partner now You ? I started my own firm in ' 98 Got bought out in ' 05 I 'm happier , though . Less stressed O ? Property I own a boutique Estate Agency in [ ... ] very competitive Is it family law you 're in , Andy ? Corporate Does anyone knows what 's Gary doing ? He 's playing Need for Speed over there Hasn 't changed , has he ? I don 't know He did finally pay me back that 600 quid Really ? He borrowed 200 off me And me I can 't believe him ! I can 't believe you 'd do that ! Of course I can It 's just robbing Peter to pay Paul No , I borrowed from Peter to pay you I still owe Paul Oh shit ! Newton Heaven ! Take a moment to look upon it in its original colors , boys For tonight , we can paint it red Oh , no , no , no , no ! Shit Fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck , ... Oh no , it 's okay , I did it all in the services Know why I pulled over you , sir ? Was the music too loud ? Your left brake light is faulty The old break lights ! So called because they 're always breaking I 'll get that sorted out , officer Can I see your license , sir ? Yep You know what ? It 's in my wallet And I left that at the bloody gym Any other form of identification ? No It 's all in my sport 's bag It 's bloody typical , isn 't it ? I give you my name and address You can run me through the old system ? Go on , then Yeah Peter Page 48 , Bishop 's Garden , London , N2 T12 Jesus , Gary ! Wtf ? Why did you give him my name ? I 'm not going to give him my name , am I ? Suppose I get done by the police ? You won 't get done by the police Gary ! He 'll check the number plate against his name I know ! Why do you think I gave him Pete 's name ? Jesus Christ , Gary , I own a car shop , I am a junior partner ... . So , Mr Page What brings you in Newton Heaven ? Well , we 're all from here We 're just back to see the sights Have a crack at the old Golden Mile Might get a bit messy Well , you make sure you get that brake light fixed Then , you might want to do an inebriation test too Oh , and Peter ... Don 't make too much mess We won 't I don 't understand It 's simple , Pete The car still registers to you and has been since 1989 But I moved three times since then I know , I changed the logbook Where do you think all these points came from ? Jesus , you guys need to relax Do you know how much trouble you can get into ? Do you know how much trouble i 'm already in ? What 's that supposed to mean ? Hey What the hell is this ? Why are we even here ? We are here to get annihilated Have you got any plans for dinner at all ? Tonight ... we will be partaking of a liquid repast ... as we wind our way up on the Golden Mile Commencing by an inaugural tankard in the First Post Then unto the Old Familiar , the Famous Cock , The Cross Hands ... The Good Companions , The Trusted Servant , The Two Headed Dog ... The Mermaid , The Beehive , The King 's Head ... and the Hole in the Wall for a measure of the same All before the last bitter-sweet pint ... in that most fateful terminus : The World 's End Leave a light on , good lady For though we return with a twinkle in our eyes ... We will in truth be blind drunk ! Come on ! Until 1840 ... Ah , fucking hell ... this building was the site of Newton Heaven 's first post office Until an enterprising business fellow decided ... that far from befitting the sending and receiving of mail It was perhaps better suited as an humble taproom ... where weary travelers might get swatted Come on ! It 's like déjà vu I don 't remember this , has it been refurbished ? Been bought by a chain , I think Part of that nationwide initiative to ... rob small charming pubs of any discernable character Starbucking , man . It 's happening everywhere Can 't take away the smell , though I 'm sure they tried Good evening , Raymondo ! The prodigal sons return Eh ? Who 's on the guest list tonight ? Come again ? The guest ales We , sir , are doing the Golden Mile and you ... have the honor of drawing first blood What do you recommend ? There 's one It 's " Crowning Glory " Rather fitting How 's that ? I 'm Gary King What ? So , tell me more About what ? Crowning Glory Is it nutty , is foamy , is it hoppy ... does it have a surprisingly fruity note which lingers on the tongue ? It 's beer We 'll have five of those , please No , sorry Can we have four of those and a tap water , please ? What ? I don 't believe this A man of your legendary prowess drinking ... fucking rain It 's like seeing a lion eating some houmous Doesn 't make any sense No , it doesn 't make any sense You seriously have a problem with me not drinking after what happened ? I don 't But King Arthur does Oh , this will be good What 's King Arthur got to do with it ? Do you honestly think that King Arthur came back from the Battle of Hastings ... fucking rocked up to Arthur 's Castle ... Camelot walked up to the bar and went ... " Hello ! Can I have a tap water ? " No , ' cause they didn 't have running water in Arthurian times Exactly ! He would had a mead The King Arthur of beers I 'm less of a man because I choose to drink water ? Well , it 's a bit " ooh , ducky ! ~ " , isn 't it ? It 's not very PC , Gary Get out of the 90 's , Pete ! There 's is nothing all " ooh ducky " about being teetotal After walking in a pub after a rugby match ... and ordering a tap water in a bar ... packed full of ugly bastards wearing warpaint That my friend takes confidence , yeah ? I 'm talking balls You said it , poof ! I don 't know if you 're aware of this , Gary But we are not teenagers anymore And , God forbid you have everchildren ... I have kids Then you better be ready to take responsability No , I mean , I might have kids You remember Karen Atkinson who I ... fucked ? She was two weeks late when her parents emigrated to Normandy I never heard from her again She might had a baby Imagine that A french kid It 's pointless arguing with you To kids ... wherever they may be ! Kids Drink up Let 's boo-boo " Boo boo " , what is that ? You remember " let 's boo boo " ? You know , from Mr Shepard 's classroom ... It said on the wall " Exit , pursued by a bear " ... you know , from that Shakespeare play ? " A Winter 's Tale " Yeah , what is it called ? " A Winter 's Tale " That 's it And if we needed to do a quick getaway , we 'd say ... " Exit , pursued by a bear " And it was " Exit , pursued by Yogi Bear " And then , it was just " Let 's Yogi and Boo-Boo " And then " Let 's boo-boo " So , you 're saying we should go ? Yeah , shitty here , isn 't ? " The Old Familiar " Now , this ... is a pub Oh yes , this is more like it ! Like , déjà vu David , my man ! Have you heard the news ? Gary King is back in town Who 's he ? How was the funeral , Gary ? Your mum 's funeral ? It 's difficult to put into words But , if I had to choose three ... I would say ... Really Really , sad Oh , no , that 's two , isn 't it ? How about ... really , very sad It 's a shame She was a good woman I really liked your mum Me too , mate Me too Hello ? Hello , mate Are you , here ? Yeah , been here for ages , what are you telling me ... Yeah , lost on the ring road again ? This is Newton Heaven What time are you meeting the twins ? The twins ? We 're all at " The Old Familiar " , come by if you want Yeah He is Okay See you soon Who 's that , O-Man ? Don 't ... call me " O-Man " Gary , if you must know ... it was Sam Sam 's here ? Is there a fucking echo in here ? Yes , Sam 's here She 's down from Manchester driving to mum 's tomorrow What , she 's coming here ? Calm down Steve , I saw her first Jesus Christ , not this again ! Are you fucking kidding me ? I saw her first Wow , you really have a selective memory , don 't you ? Somebody else was saying that Me ! No , I would have remembered I told you I had a thing about Sam and you proceeded ... to try to get into her pants at every opportunity Guys , please ... You only liked her after you found out I liked her That 's right ! Because you did the school play Cabaret Because she was in it and she wore those fishnet stockings and you got a big boner on stage ! Jesus Christ ! It doesn 't matter anyway She always had a massive wide-on for Adrian Keane I hate that prick Can we not ... talk about my sister ... in relation to ... A ) Massive wide-ons B ) Steven 's erected penis Alright Is she still fit , though ? I 'm not answering that Is she , though ? Am I what ? Fit Hello , Sam Steven , wow ! You 've grown , have you ? Yes , sideways You look fantastic Steroids Andy ! Wow , long time Hi , Pete Hi , Sam Oh hey , big brother Gary . Willkommen Bienvenue Welcome Sam , would you like a drink ? Hey , Steve , she just got here , come on ! Sam , would you like a drink ? I 'd like a vodka tonic , thanks Steven Just gotta nip to the loo Cool Nature calls What are you doing ? What are you doing ? I 'm going to the toilet Well then , so am I Gary , you are out of your mind What are you talking about ? You gave me the sign What sigh ? You went to the toilet Gary , are you serious ? I haven 't seen you in 20 years Do you really think I 'm going to have sex with you in the ladies toilet ? Well , the disabled are out of order Gary , what happened ? I don 't know ? Maybe one of them put too many paper towels down the toilet I mean , we don 't know what they 're thinking really , do we ? No What happened to you ? Nothing Nothing happened to me , I 'm same old Gary No shit So , do you wanna ? Oliver ? I 'll see you later You 're going ? I thought you weren 't meeting the twins for another half-hour I 'm not Oh yeah , I believe this is yours " Out of order " Private joke I don 't want to know What is that ? Modern art Memorial , isn 't i ? Yeah , to modern art Hey guys , do you know what time it is ? It 's not even six Wrong ! It 's high time we go on to ... The Cock ! Let 's go ! Come on When you 're ready , mate Oh shit , look who it is ! Basil Mad Basil ! Do you remember when we used to come in here and listen to him talk about ... fucking UFO , and lizard-people and underwater Nazis ? And some bullshit about how the Bermuda Triangle should be in a square No , he said it was two isosceles triangles forming a rhombus He was your best mate , wasn 't he , Steve ? No , he wasn 't my best mate , Gary He was a lonely old guy and I felt sorry for him That 's right Basil ! Maybe we aren 't the local legends you think we are Gary King Speak for yourself , mate You 're barred I cannot fucking believe this This is ridiculous Leave it , Gary , it 's not worth it Have two in the next one Have all in the next one , for all I care We gotta have one in every pub or everything 's fucked I 'll say it was fairly fucked already , mate Right How much of this do we have to endure ? That was # 3 , there 's 9 more Oh , good I need to eat something We could get some food in the next pub As long as it 's reasonably healthy This is Newton Heaven Hardly the heart of the organic revolution I doubt it 's the heart of anything My wife wanted us to go organic The problem is I kinda like eating shit The next pub does shit , keep up ! Oh yeah , I remember this one We had New Year in here , didn 't we ? '89 to ' 90 Isn 't that where you slept on the pool table , Andy ? Yeah , I believe it was Yeah for six hours Six hours ! Thank you , flambée sambu Oh yeah Especially when you woke up , we said you 've been asleep for a year ... and that i was 1991 and you freaked out and punched a clock That was a great night And you managed to get off with Erika Leekes , Peter Yes , I did , something of a personal triumph ... if I say so myself She of the Marmalade Sandwich fame ? The Marmalade Sandwich The very same Erika Leeks , Tracy Benson , Becky Salt Two blonds and a redhead in the middle The Marmalade Sandwich ! Becky Salt , fucking hell I wonder what they 're doing now ? Why don 't you ask ? What do you mean ? I mean , sitting at that table over there are two blonds ... and a redhead in the middle Shut the fuck up ! Erika Leekes on the left ... Tracy Benson on the right ... by process of elemination , that 's Becky Salt in the middle And that 's the Marmalade Sandwich all grown-up That is very spooky We should get them over Leave the past where it is It 's bad enough I 've gotta look at your old ugly mugs You make it sound like we 're fucking ancient We haven 't changed that much I mean , sure Steve let himself go a bit What ? Pete still has the same haircut And Oliver still has his mark of the devil No , he hasn 't No , he hasn 't , it 's called laser surgery , Gary It 's a small price to pay to not be called fucking " O-Man " And that works for Sisters of Mercy tattoos as well I still like the Sisters of Mercy Good job or you never go swimming I 'm lost Don 't be Well I , for one , thinks it 's nice to see your faces again Cheers , mate Excuse me , this taken ? Is the seat taken ? Have it , mate Thanks Wasn 't that ... Shane Hawkins Hey , didn 't he ... Yes , he did Hang on , who is Shane Hawkins again ? I 'd rather not bring it all up again If that 's okay Hey , listen , Pete ... Bottling up past trauma can lead to inedequate coping strategies in later life Apparently No , I don 't know . I mean , it 's not even about the past It 's not about the fact that he bullied me That he made me miss more school days than chicken pox It 's not even that he forced me to spend entire lessons ... hiding in a toilet cubicle Or that he punched me so hard he dislodged my eyeball It 's not even that he ruined a large portion of my childhood No , it 's the fact that just then ... he didn 't recognize me He looked straight through me Like it all meant nothing And that probably sounds weird , isn 't it ? Shots ! S-H-O-T-S ! Shots ! What are you doing , Gary ? I thought that was obvious , shots Firstly , Peter was talking about something ... which clearly made him feel very uncomfortable That 's alright , Andy No , Peter , it 's not alright Secondly , twelve pints is more than enough And thirdly , I don 't fucking drink But shots don 't count , do they ? You said you wanted to catch up and chew the fat I think you just wanted to drink here We 're not here as your friends We 're just your fucking enablers Enablers ? It 's a funny word , isn 't ? Enabler Gary King and the enablers It 's a good name for a band , Steve , write that down Don 't do it , Garry Gary Oh , is that a thing now , is it ? It 's always been a thing You don 't need us to help you get fucked up You 've done a perfectly good job so far on your own I am going to go and see if there is a bus back to London ... if anyone wants to come with me But you can 't go ! This is special This is our anniversary It 's not the anniversary , Gary We did this in June , it 's October But , it 's the anniversary of the year , isn 't ? Every year is the anniversary of a year It is not the same anymore , Gary ! And it 's not that the town 's changed , we have changed ! Yeah well ... You can 't go , ' cause the buses are finished Then I 'm going back to the BB You coming ? I could do an early one , actually I should probably go and find Sam Yeah , I 'm gonna go and find Sam with Oliver That 's settled then , yeah ? You know what I think ? I think you 're jealous Yeah you 've got your ... houses and your cars and your wives and your job security You know what I have ? Freedom You 're all slaves And I 'm free to do what I want Any old time And this is what you want ? You should grow up , mate Join society Yeah , well ... Mum died And we 're all very sorry But now it 's time to go home I thought we were home I can 't help feeling sorry for him Don 't Oh , fuck ! Piss ! Fuck ! Careful Floor 's a bit pissy Wasn 't me That was me Did that back in 90 's 1990 Punched the shit out of the wall I don 't know why Seemed important at the time You guys look like you 're having a great night , though I 'm doing the Golden Mile tonight Tag along It will be like the six musketeers I said we 're doing the Golden Mile ! You think you 're so cool , don 't you ? We were cooler We owned this town Paved the way for you lot Blazed a trail Hey ! Look at me when I 'm talking to you Please , don 't Don 't what ? You don 't want to do that Oh , don 't I ? What ? I 'm gonna kill him You need to explain this , right now Andy , this kid just attacked ... Don 't you dare change the subject ! He smashed my head in the mirror So you know who I just spoke to ? Your mum And not from the afterlife From fucking Bournemouth Is that real ? She said she hadn 't spoke to you for 8 months Andy His head just came off ! No , Gary , you 're not going to wriggle out of it this time W ... . t ... . f ? Oh shit Get off ! Get off me ! There 's someone in here ! Gary ! Hey ! Andy , did you see ... W ... tf , Gary ? Wtf What the fuck does wtf means ? What the fuck ? Oh yeah ! This cannot be happening , can it ? You said it , mate I can 't believe it I know , mate I can 't believe you lied about your mum That was a white lie How is that a white lie ? She 's not dead , is she ? " Not dead " ? Wait , wait , wait , where are you doing ? To get help Dont , don 't don 't do that ! What , don 't get help ? We don 't know how far this goes Wait , who are you calling ? Vanessa Who 's Vanessa ? My wife Why are you calling your wife ? Because she 's my wife You said we don 't know how far this goes I was just thinking about the pub Oh , there 's a surprise I can 't get through If you get through to Sam ... I got 4 bars and I 'm not getting through Must be the network Holy shit ! This is all connected ! This explains why everything has gone fucked up ! Everyone has been replaced by one of these That 's why no one recognized us ! Basil , Dave , Raymondo ... I thought it was weird Shane Hawinks ! Exactly ! It 's not us that 's changed , it 's the town I 'm right , ain 't it , Andy ? Andy , am I right ? You 're never wrong Look , whatever the fuck is happening , we can 't stay in the gents ' forever Ten people have entered these toilets in the last five minutes Not a single one has come back out again That 's going to look suspicious Gay loving And that 's worse than five dismembered bodies ? This is Newton Heaven How does it look ? Normal Very normal I don 't like it What do we do ? Let 's finish our drinks I say we neck these and get the fuck out of here To London ? To The Trusty Servant Are you fucking kidding ? Oh yeah It 's The Good Companions next I always mix those two up Are you saying we move on to the next pub ? Fuck , we should get back in The Beast and head back to London My brake light is broken So , don 't you use the brakes I 'm way over the limit When 's that ever stopped you ? I don 't when to burn any more points on Pete 's license Andy can drive He 's teetotal That 's settles it then The last thing we need to do is get pulled over by the police A ) We 're all drunk B ) They might be in it And C ) We got blood on our hands It 's more like ink We got ink on our hands So , has it got messy yet ? What ? What are you , five pubs in ? Four Ah , not even halfway Plenty more fun to be had Enjoy your night , Peter Thank you Thank you Sorry The way I see it , we told everybody we 're doing the Golden Mile You did If we suddenly jump in The Beast now and head for the hills ... They 're gonna know that we know If we keep going where we 're going and doing what we 're doing Then , they 're not gonna know Know what ? That we know I suggest we finish what we started and leave quietly in the morning Wait , what are you suggesting ... ? We finish the Golden Mile It 's pointless arguing with him Drink up Let 's boo-boo We 're just five friends On a night out Having a good time Drinking Beer Pubs Shall we ? I feel a little uncomfortable drinking this much No , man , it 's like Dutch courage , isn 't it ? You know , when the british soliders used to drink dutch gin ... before battle to give them super strenght I thought it was to numb their sense of impending doom Exactly ! We 're just five friends , on a night out , having a good time I need the toilet Go on , then , you 're earned it You 're doing really good , Oliver He didn 't make this far last time I 'm proud of him You 're enjoying this , are you ? Yeah , five guys on a night out , having a great time Pretending to have a great time Are you pretending ? If we get out of here alive , I 'm gonna kill you We 're still in the dark here Gary Our families could be in danger for all we know I know This mum could be dead For reals this time Hey , why don 't we just ask somebody ? Who ? The Reverend Green Come on What the fuck are you doing ? I 'm gonna go and have a little chat with the Reverend Green You 're gonna buy drugs ? I 'm gonna go over there ... and subtly check if that is the Reverend Green And if it is , I can ask him what 's doing on Possibly buy some drugs What if he 's one of them ? Me and the Reverend had a highly sophisticated code ... when discussing the purchase of herbal narcotics If he doesn 't understand me ... It means he 's one of them And I will simply walk away Have you got any drugs ? I don 't do that anymore , Gary Do what ? That So , we 're in a suit , is it ? 'Cause drug dealing is not good enough for you There are no drug dealers anymore , Gary I got a proper job and a proper office You had a proper office That was the gents toilets Nothing wrong with doing your business in the toilet Look , a lot has changed since you have left I know What do them know ? Little How many is a little ? Town 's been taken over with robots full of blue stuff Keep your voice down , you don 't even know what you 're talking about Tell us then Well they 're not robots Do you even know what robots means ? Of course I do ! It 's like ... " Hello-I-am-a-robot " It means " slave " Believe me , they 're not slaves Are you their prisoner ? No , I 'm very happy Tell your face ! What 's going on ? The town 's been invaded by robots who aren 't robots ... and the Rev 's their prisoner I 'm not We leave first thing , we can get you out of here I 'm not going It 's not what you think , this is for all our benefit You 've said too much , Trevor Yeah , put a cork in it , Trevor Just trying to help It 's not your place to help They will have everything in hand Are you guys robots ? Well , the word " robot " actually comes from a czech word ... robotník Meaning " slave " And we 're not slaves We 're very , very happy And not robots Oh god , are these guys robots ? Shup up about robots ! I say we shut up about everything ! Calling for Trevor , please Trevor ? It 's your supervisor Hello , Trevor Hello , sir But ... I understand Thanks a bunch What did I miss ? Your friends trying to help We don 't need your help Well , what should we do ? I suggest you get on your way I think we should do what he says Okay Five more , coming up Here we go Come on ! Gary ... Gary ! Let 's just get in and out of this one , yeah ? No more making new friends Ah gentlemen ! The prodigal sons return What will it be ? One of our guest ale , perchance ? Might I recommend five pints of Crowning Glory ? Rather fitting , wouldn 't you say , Gary ? What ... sorry , what ? It 's a delightful brew Hoppy , nutty , foamy Does it have a surprisingly fruity note that lingers on the tongue ? You 're obviously a connoisseur Then , you already know that it 's a rare treat For rogues , reverends , royalty and all good folks between Five of those , please Welcome home , boys I don 't remember him being that friendly He is obviously one of them How can it be that he remembered me ? We don 't know what they remember Maybe they have selective memories Yeah , like what 's-his-name ? Me ! Maybe he 's one of the others like the reverend It 's very hard to tell , innit ? Yeah , well he is one of them , or is he one of them ? Wait , wait , which one is them again ? Both " them " , aren 't they ? But there 's two way of saying it Is he one of them ? Or is he one of them ? We need different terms One for people that aren 't robots And one for robots who aren 't robots Alright We need to be able to differenciate between them , them and us Yeah , I think the pronous are really confusing I don 't even know what a pronoun is It 's a word that can function by itself as a noun ... which refer to something else in the discourse I don 't get it You just used one Did I ? Yeah " it " is a pronoun What is ? " It " ! Is it ? Christ ! We just need to two fucking words so we can identify who 's who He 's a blank She 's a blank Those two people are definitely blanks Sam Got this , Steven How is your night going ? Good Sortof What do you mean , sort of ? Well , it 's weird isn 't it ? You come back , and everything is the same , but Sort of different Different how ? Just weird How weird ? What are you getting at , Gary ? Come with me ! For fuck 's sake , Gary , take a hint ! It 's alright , I 'm not trying to have sex with you . Why are we in the disabled toilets then ? There 's something I need to tell you right now Unless you do want to have sex , in which case I 'll tell you afterwards Tell me right now Have you noticed anything creepy about the twins , apart from the fact that they 're twins ? Just because they 're twins doesn 't automatically make them creepy It does a little bit You had sex with them A : I did not and B : how did you know about that ? A : it 's a small town B : I 'm not stupid and C : they told me Right , well , I did . Once . But I was wasted . Which was creepy ' cause it was like there was four of them I 'm not proud of it I am a bit Is this what you wanted to tell me ? No , this is You okay , Sam ? I need a cigarette . No-bots How about faux-bots ? I don 't think we should get away from the whole robots thing Steven ? What 's he up to ? Oh don 't worry he 's probably just trying to fuck Oliver 's sister Andy ! Oh my god that man is full of shit I know that 's not a surprise to you What did he say , Sam ? He said that Newton Haven has been taken over by robots Full of blue stuff And , if we don 't do what they say , they 'll make us their prisoners ! Did you believe him ? No , of course not ! Did you believe him ? What ? See ? Come on Sam , you know better to believe Gary King Oh crumps ! Sam ! Trade us a ciggy ? Gary , what 's happening ? I told you in the disabled 's Oh , yes , you did We should get inside , eh ? Otherwise people are gonna ask what the hell 's going on What the hell 's going on ? Steve , I 've got this - Got what ? - Sam He 's not good enough for you What ? We have been through some crazy shit tonight And it 's really put things in perspective for me And if everything is as fucked up as it seems ... then there 's something I need to tell you You might think this is because I 've had seven pints but it 's not It 's not I 'm in love with you , Sam I always have been And it breaks my heart to see you waste your affections on Gary fucking King ! Hey , that 's a bit harsh ! Oh no you 've got it all wrong There is nothing between me and . and while I 'm being honest Just to lay it all out there I am currently seeing a fitness instructor She 's 26 years old But I would drop her in a heartbeat If it meant that I had one last chance with you Steven , there is nothing between me and Gary King Oh fuck Sorry Hey ! Get your feet of her ! Yes ! Rip its head off ! Rip its head off like an aspirin bottle ! Blue-blots Nothing suggested in the last three minutes has been better than smashy smashy eggmen No-nothing The hell is going on ? Did you guys think of a name for the robots who aren 't robots ? I 'm afraid we 've drawn a blank Well we just had a barney with two blanks in the beer garden We have to leave now agreed Let 's hit the mermaid Wait , what ? Number eight Oh , fuck Andy , what 's happening ? Gary thinks we should keep up with the crawl Because they know what we 're doing ... but they don 't know that we know what they 're doing ... and basically , no one else has a better idea So fuck it What ? Wait ! Guys , guys I 've got a better idea , I 'm parked right around here somewhere Follow me , just go , Steven , tell them ! Gary said they 'll get us if we try and leave now We 're way past leaving now Come on ! Oh yeah ! This is where the kids went This is a bit mad isn 't it ? This is perfect we can hide out here I 'll get the drinks Good plan , old man ! Hey , keep an eye out for blanks You got it Why didn 't you say anything ? About what ? About what you said in the garden I 've always wanted to , it just never seemed like the right moment Something always got in the way There you go ! Get there down , yeah ? Thanks ? Steven ? Please , I have so much to live for It 's me , you numpty Basil ! I knew seeing your faces again would spell trouble Wait , how do I know it 's really you ? Because I 'm the only one who 's going to tell you the truth about Newton Haven Now , do you recall the events of the evening of June the 22nd 1990 ? No , but I know a man who does There you go Hey ! See anyone we know ? The Marmalade Sandwich ! They look good ! It 's the lights It 's the drink Who cares what it is ? Steven ? Steven ? That was the night they arrived Remember the shooting star ? That was them ! Nothing happened at first , they were getting ready ... burrowing in underground , preparing Not long after you lot left , people started to change One or two at first , then more They replaced people of influence , taking over the institutions Remaking , remodeling , refurbishing . Doing everything they could to make us join them I can 't find Steven Where are the others ? They 're blending in Oh crumps It 's not like the replacements were evil , far from it People got a lot friendlier ! That 's how they do it It 's not an invasion , it 's immersion They don 't want to get rid of us , not if they can help it They just want to make us more like them Change the way we think , bring us into line with all the others Become another link in their chain Which is fine , unless you say no That 's when you get replaced ! Once they 've got your DNA , they 've got you How do they do that ? Any way they like : blood tests , [ ... ] , sweat , kissing , saliva on the rim of a glass Why do you think I drink with this crazy straw ? Not so crazy now , is it ? If you 're not on their side , they 'll create a version that is ! they can bring you back exactly the same , or even make you young again it looks like you , it even has your memories . But really , it 's just a vessel to spread their message Trust , love , respect , desire Replaced in the name of progress So what happens to people who get replaced ? The empties ? Don 't ask me what happens to them What happens to the empties ? I told you not to ask me that ! Go ! Get out before it 's too late ! Basil ? I said go ! This just can 't be good Sam , who was the boy that you liked in sixth form , Adrian ... ? Adrian Keane Why ? He 's over there Hey Sam , how 's life ? Sam ! We have to get out of here ! Where are the others ? They 're blending in ! Oh fuck - Gary ! - Oh no just one more song Gary , she 's a Blank ! Don 't be so judgemental - Oh yeah - Come on ! Still got it Enough 's enough , let 's go Woah woah woah . Hold up , hold up . Where are you all going ? We 're leaving Really ? what happened ? Adrian Keane was in that bar I thought you liked Adrian Keane Adrian Keane 's dead Oh god Adrian Keane died in a motorbike accident in Italy eight years ago Did he ? They must have had his DNA on file , that 's how they were able to replicate him They 're trying to get to us man , they know everything ! They didn 't know Adrian was dead They know enough to tempt us though They knew these three would fall for a bunch of girls in school uniform Hey , who wouldn 't , am I right ? Fuck yeah We gotta get out of town , we gotta get beyond it before it 's too late Where are you getting all this from ? Basil ! Oh , Mad Basil ? He of the bermuda rhombus and the aqua-nazis Another good name for the band , Steve You 're putting our lives in the hands of a crazy old man He 's not crazy No , maybe he 's not or maybe he 's a blank trying to lure us to the edge of town onto those dark country roads where they can deal with us Yeah , we could end up dead in a field I hate fields Yes , my thoughts precisely . Steven 's right . We should go . We are going to the beehive , Gary 's plan is still the best we have Wait a minute 1990 model Oliver was out of commission by this point in the evening What are you saying ? I like the new you ! Come on This is a mistake , isn 't it ? Stick with me Andy ! Come on ! Here we go , pub number nine Fuck yeah ! That 's the spirit Ooh , spirits . We should do tasters Who is this guy ? I dunno , come on Andy ! We can 't start without you You what ? We can 't start without you Now then , who 's round is it ? It 's mine . Mr Shepherd Is it Mr Shepherd ? Why don 't you kids join me ? You look like you could do with a drink Now , let 's have a little chat about your future , shall we ? Uh , Mr Shepherd Please , call me Guy Alright . Guy Are you a robot ? Does anyone know what robot means ? Ah , yeah , I do ! Yes , Gary ? Uh , it means " slave " Oh , very good Gary Are you a robot , sir ? No Peter , of course I 'm not a robot Sir ? Yes , Steven But you 're on their side though This is not about sides , Steven It 's not about shirts versus skins It 's about working together as one team I know it may seem a bit weird and a little bit scary , but ... Please believe me it 's quite the opposite They 're here to help To straighten us out , to prepare us for the big league They 've seen something in us A potential there 's a vast community of worlds up there Living together peacefully , cooperatively And guess what ? They want us along for the ride Pretty cool , eh , gang ? So , they 're not here to harm us ? Far from it , O-Man They 're here to help I 'm not saying they 're afraid to get tough I 've certainly had to get tough with you in my day And what one amongst you wouldn 't thank me for it In some respects , they 're a lot like teachers Stern , yes A little frightening But it 's all for our betterment So , what do you say we all go somewhere and talk about this properly ? That wasn 't properly ? Well , I think it 's pretty clear , guys What Mr Shepherd is trying to say , is that ... Andy , what the fuck ? Yes Andy , what the fuck ? Wtf Humans ! You leave us no recourse If you will not join us willingly ... we will be forced to use other means of persuasion Now , flee I fucking hate this town ! Oh , crumps you 're heavy Sorry Motherfucker ! Andy ! Twist the Miller man Sorry , this is no way for a family to behave I 'm so disappointed in you O-Man ! Okay Andy , break it out It doesn 't have to be like this It could be so much simpler So completely painless If only you 'd see the light Yes . See , it 's not about conflict . It 's about togetherness Yes Let 's try this again , shall we ? How about another round Nah . We 're done here . Yes , Gary It appears to be the case - The smokehouse ! - What ? Just do it ! Come on ! This way ! Humans ! This is your final order Failure to comply will result in your death Obey now , or face the consequences Let 's go ! Shit ! Oh look that 's my car ! Let 's climb down the drainpipe I got a better idea Climb down the drainpipe Okay , just go Wait , what about the others ? With me , okay ? I got this . Are you sure ? Yeah , I always land on my feet I don 't know if that 's true , Gary Just go Will you find out what happened to my brother ? Yeah , of course , of course . And I 'll look after Steve for you eh ? He 's a good guy He 's better than me Gary , you 're not a bad person But , you 're not boyfriend material You know the whole free spirit quick one in the disabled 's toilet thing ... it 's pretty cool when you 're seventeen but Not when you 're facing forty Comes a time you have to go forwards , not backwards Maybe if I hadn 't left you behind that night , things would now be different It 's not all about that night , Gary Isn 't it ? Doesn 't have to be We 'll always have the disabled 's though , won 't we ? Yeah Yeah , we 'll always have the disabled 's Oh no ! Where 's Sam ? I put her in her car You did what ? I put her in her car and just told her to leave You just sent away the only one of us sober enough to drive Yeah You just couldn 't stand the fact that she might prefer me to you That 's not true It is true Gary ! I was getting somewhere , we held hands ! I was just trying to help ! You 're trying to help yourself , more like Jesus I do something right for a change and you fuckers get on my case ! Wow That is the first time I 've ever heard you admit being wrong . I said : I did something right Yeah , for a change ! So ? Meaning the rest of the time you were wrong ? Not necessarily . I just thought it was best to keep her out of harm 's way What about us , Gary ? Are we in harm 's way ? We 're alright , Pete Come on , we 're the five musketeers No , we 're the four musketeers ! Wait How do we know you put her in the car ? How do we know you 're you ? Of course I 'm me But who the fuck are you , Gary ? I 'm Gary King There is only one Gary King How do I know you guys are you ? We 've been together the whole time But , you might all not be you How did you know O-Man wasn 't O-Man ? Because his birthmark was back What does that prove ? Because of what Basil said They make your copy from your DNA That 's why he had his birthmark He was new , like a baby Like a man baby Like a ma-be Oliver with none of the shit that happened to the real Oliver The laser surgery So the blank really are just blank ? No wear and tear No scars Steven , in 1987 , we were playing cricket and I accidently pushed ... you on a broken bottle and it nearly went up your arse So ? Show us your bum Very nice Thank you Pete , you got that 50CC Suzuki in ' 88 ... you let me have a go and I ran over your leg The fuck ? Oh , right , it 's the other one Andy , in 1986 , we reenacted the knife game ... from Aliens , and I stabbed you in the middle finger How about December 1997 ? When you OD 'd When I drove you to the hospital four times over the limit ... And I ended up rolling the car ... and almost severing my femoral artery At which point you made a miraculous fucking recovery ... and ran off into the night Leaving me to get arrested After 12 hours of life-saving surgery Either one of those would do Thank you What about you ? That 's easy That would have been drawn on Aren 't all tattoos drawn on ? Yeah Show us your arm What ? Show us your arm No , I ... no You fell off stage at the fifth year ball , fucking around ... and dislocated your elbow You 've got a scar where they put the metal plate in I don 't have to show you anything Alright ? I 'm .. I 'm Gary King I know I 'm me If I 'm not me , then how do I know that carved in that beam ... above your head are the words " King Gary " ? But it doesn 't say " King Gary " Yes , it does Doesn 't it ? No It says " King Gay " Well Some cunt scratched out the " r " That was me Why ? King Gay It means fuckall anyway Mr Shepard remembered stuff , so did Oliver Selective memory Remember ? We don 't see you for years and you just pitch up and brings us here You better come up with some hard evidence that you 're human Otherwise , we 're gonna find out for ourselves You want evidence ? There That proves I 'm human Proves you 're stupid Exactly It 's Gary The whole town 's out looking for us That 's a good thing Everybody 's outside that means that nobody is inside Gary , wait ... Fuck Gary What do you mean nobody 's inside ? We can still do this Do what exactly ? Ugh , we 're still on the crawl " King Gay " Peter ? Peter I thought that was you You okay ? I 'm ... i 'm a what ? I know we didn 't see eye to eye at school Goodness knows I regret that I wanted to say something back at the pub but ... I felt so terribly ashamed by what I 've done Let me make it up to you , Peter Please ? Gary , you 're out of your mind We 've gone too far It 's fucking suicide I know ! We are gonna get to The World 's End if it kills us Where 's Pete ? I hate you ! You fucking monster Pete ? I hate you ! Pete , leave it Why are you doing this , Peter ? Pete ! We don 't want to hurt you Come mate , it 's not worth it Yes , it fucking is ! Pete ! What 's he doing ? Oh shit Pete ! Pete ! Pete , stop it I must say I 'm very disappointed in you , Peter Fuck , what 's that fucking lights are ? No , no , there 's too many of them Pete Pete We gotta go Gary 's right We gotta get to the King 's Head Exactly What ? We are not going to the King 's Head We 're done We 're gonna do what we should have done in the first place Get the Beast and get out here We are fucking leaving and we are never coming back Now , you can either come with us willingly ... or I 'm gonna knock you the fuck out and carry you there myself You choose Alright , alright Just think about what you 're saying , y 'know ? 'Cause ... you have been drinking You fuck ! Shit , it 's the fucking kids Oh , not them again What the hell is that ? I don 't know but it 's definitely not modern art Oh shit , we are trapped Where 's the Beast ? Okay ... alright ... we 're here The Beast is in the next street How are you gonna get to it ? Well , we 'll have to go through Through where ? I don 't fucking believe this Number 10 Come on Shit Let 's go Back door ... back door ... Let 's go Here we go Okay , there it is Shit We wait for an opening ... and then we make it the Beast We need the keys Gary Gary What are you doing ? Just a little toast Gary Put the pint down , yeah ? To Oliver ... Pete ... and to us You know ? ' Cause ten pubs isn 't bad It 's not [ ... ] in time Okay So close It 's number ten Okay So close No , no , no ... Gary Gary ! Let him go He left you , man I can 't Andy ! Gary ! Gary ! Gary , come back Come back you stupid bastard Gary ! Gary ! Gary ! Gary ! Andy , look out Come on ! What the ... Get in ! Get in ! Gary , Andy ... Get the fuck in ! You heard him , Andy Get the fuck in Don 't have much time Andy ! Go , now ! Steven ! Go ! Andy I want you inside me Okay Cheers No ! You had enough This is The World 's End , man ! I know ! Leave me alone Why do you care anyway ? Because I fucking care ! There 's a reason I 'm angry at you I know why you 're angry at me , okay ? But it 's not my fault you crashed that car That 's not the point You let me down , man You were Gary King Gary fucking King I would have followed you to the end I fucking have ! Well , stop following me ! No , it 's just one more Let me have this You 've got everything that you want What are you walking about ? You got your perfect job and your perfect house and your perfect wife It isn 't perfect She left me , Gary She took the kids to her mum 's three weeks ago Said I 'm not present enough I am trying to win her back God knows I am losing I will continue to fight Because that is how we survive For fuck 's sake , Gary I just punched my wedding ring out of a robot 's tummy Exactly , you fight for what 's important What is so important about the Golden Mile ? It 's all I got ! Gary ! You need help , Gary I 've got help You what help was ? Help was a lot of people sitting in a circle ... talking about how fucking awful things have got It 's not my idea of a good thing And this is ? They told me when to go to bed Me Gary Man How can you tell when you 're drunk if you 're never sober ? I don 't want to be sober It never got better than that night That was supposed to be the beginning of my life All that ... promise and fucking optimism That feeling like we could take on the whole universe It was a big lie Nothing happened You don 't need to do this , Gary Yeah , I do Please , stand by Please , stand by Please , stand by Please , stand by 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 Gary ... What are you doing ? No , don 't go Gary King Yeah ? Gary King , of the humans ? Yeah ? What do you want ? We are here to enable your full potential As we have with countless worlds across the galaxy Oh yeah ? How did you manage that , then ? We appropriate a small percentage of the population ... at 2000 or so penetration points across the planet This ensures maximum coverage From there , we create simulants To spread our ideologies Through peaceful indoctrination Our objective is simple Ready the population for participation in our galactic community This method requires ... a small sacrifice But the fewer replacements we make ... the more successful we consider our operation Of course , we welcome those who volunteer themselves We can offer attractive incentive ... for those who willingly come by The chance to be young again ... and yet retain selective memories Isn 't that something ... you 'd like ? Something ... you always wanted ? Oh my god I 'm so cute The beauty of our system is ... that we all win There are no losers Allow me to carry your legend forward May the man you have become ... be the boy you were No There 's only one Gary King ! Then , you have made your choice ... Gary King , of the humans Yeah , I have Because , frankly ... Who the fuck are you to come down here and tell us what to do ? We are the Network And we are here for your betterment In the last 23 years ... Have you not marvel as information technology 's surged forward ? No Earth has grown smaller yet ... greater as connectivity has grown This is our doing And it is just the beginning Aw , fuck off you big lamp ! You are children and you require guidance There is no room for imperfection Hey , earth isn 't perfect , alright ? And humans aren 't perfect And guess what ? I ain 't perfect And therein lies the necessity for this intervention Must the galaxy be subjected to an entire planet of people like you ? Who put you in charge , eh ? Who are you to criticize anyone ? Now , you might think that Gary is a bit of a cock ... and he is a bit of a cock But he 's my cock Oh thanks , mate But he is a detriment to himself ... just as earth is a detriment to the galaxy What ... what did you say ? You act out the same cycles of self-destruction again and again At this point , your planet is the least civilized in the entire galaxy What did he say ? He 's saying we 're a bunch of fuckups Hey ! It 's our basic human right to be fuckups This civilization was founded on fuckups And you know what ? That makes me proud And me ! What is it that they say ? To err is ... To err is human So , err ... We do not believe you speak for all humanity You are but two men Two drunk men Three drunk men ! Stevie my man ! Enough ! You 're back ! Enough , humans Oh you are in trouble now If only three fucking musketeers ... You are revolting against the wisdom of countless solar systems Yeah , we are revolting Wait You just said you 're not here to conquer Can I just ask ... How many people did you have to replace in Newton Heaven ? That is irrelevant Is it ? Hands up Who here ... is human ? I 'm human One And me That 's two ! I am I don 't know for how long Basil ! So what 's that ? Three ? You actually replaced an entire town Not the entire town Well everybody apart from old nutball and the shifty twins That 's a good name for a band , Gary , you should write that down I will What about the ones you replaced ? Like ... Peter and Oliver Yeah ! What happens to the empties ? I told you not to ask that Redundant vessels are recycled , mulched and converted into fertilizer where upon they are returned to the earth to promote verdancy and growth It is an highly efficent mean of organic renewal Mulch ? It is a relative few in the light of our long term plan You mean a few hundred thousand to fucking compost What about the other places ? The penetration points Are they as sucessful as Newton Heaven ? Because ... I 'm guessing we 're not the only glitch in your system It is true , the Network has been experiencing some difficulties I think you bite off more than you can chew with earth , mate Yeah , ' cause we are more belligerent ... more stubborn and more idiotic than you can possibly imagine And I am not just talking about Gary Yeah ! There 's more than one Gary King But you said ... I fucking know what I fucking said ! Your reliance of profanity is a measure of your immaturity as a man and as a species Why don 't you just get in your rocket ... and fuck off back to Legoland you cunts Yes ! Stop fucking starbuckin 's us , man Yeah ! It 's our duty to challenge you Just leave us to own our devices , you intergalactic asshole You misunderstand ! We are ... Nobody 's listening ! If you don 't need ... Face it ! We 're the human race and we don 't like to be told what to do Just what is it that you want to do ? We want to be free ! Yeah ! We want to be free to do what we want to do Yeah ! We wanna get loaded And we want to have a good time And that 's what we 're gonna do It 's pointless arguing with you You will be left ... to your own ... devices Really ? Yeah Fuck it They fucked off ! Yes , yes ! Up yours ! Up yours ! Up yours ! Yeah , we did it ! We won ! Gary ! Let 's boo boo ! Yeah , shitty here , isn 't here ? Boys ! Up here ! Go ! Go , go , get up Run ! Well done Thanks a bunch Had to go and spoil it , didn 't you ? Yeah , happy now ? Basil , what do we do now ? Same as before Goooo ! Where 's the Beast ? The Beast is dead , mate You know what ? You know what 's really annoying ? What ? I promised myself I wouldn 't die in this town You 're not gonna I think our luck just changed Sorry Sam ? Yes You came back for us Yes , I did I uh , well I got lost on the ring road , but yes Hi , Sam Could you give us a lift to London , please ? Did you find out what happened to my brother ? Tell you on the way Oh sorry about the mess , I 've been meaning to clean that up We forgive you , let 's go ! Which way ? Backwards ! Which way now ? Go straight over We 're gonna make it We 're gonna make it We made it ! I 'm sorry I know I know Everyone remembers where they were when the lights went out on planet Earth Me , Gary , Steven , Sam ... We were standing right by the switch I guess it was a big night for everyone That morning gave a whole new meaning to the word hangover We decided to walk it off On the way back to London The derelict didn 't end there It just went on and on ... They talk about the big smoke When the Network went down , it triggered some .. kind of pulse Wiped out all our technology And sent us here Back to the Dark Ages There casualities , of course Only a few of them Some guys from work , my cousin Paul ... Gary 's mum Nobody really knew how many we lost 'Cause we never heard from the rest of the world again Everyone got cut off It isn 't easy now , but it is simpler I 'm back with the wife Which is something We decided that our problems didn 't seem as bad in the grand scheme of things We all had to go organic in a big way But if I 'm honest ? I 'm hard pressed to recall any processed food I actually miss As for the blanks ... Well , a funny thing happened there They woke up A week or so after the Network pulled down They just sort of ... rebooted by themselves Trying to start afresh They seemed lost at first Children , cut out from their parents ... Abandonned , forgotten ... Looking for guidance For someone to show the the way I felt a bit sorry for them , to be honest The Network was right about one thing We can be a bit uncivilized Maybe we would have been a bad influence on the rest of the galaxy Oliver went back to being an estate agent People still need a roof over their heads and ... the Old Ollie always had the gift of the gab I guess the new one has too He 's doing alright I heard that Peter found his way home to Bishop 's Gardens I suppose he picked up where the other one left off I 'm not sure his wife noticed Maybe she chose not to He 's a pretty good dad , by all accounts Steven and Sam got together in the end Didn 't see that coming They shacked up just outside London It 's a pretty nice shack too As for Gary ... I don 't know what happened to Gary We got separated Never saw him again Some say he went back to Newton Heaven I don 't know why His business there was done It 's funny but ... I miss him I wonder if he misses me Misses the boys Wherever he is ... I hope he 's happy That 's all he ever wanted , really To have a good time I just hope he found beyond the bottom of a glass Because real happiness ... Real friends ... Those are things worth living for Worth fighting for Blank bastards Fucking robots Five waters , please You can have one But I ain 't serving this scum Oh , I 'm afraid it 's all for one and one for all You see , my young friends and I are on an adventure A quest , if you will And since we find ourselves in need of refreshment ... You sir , have the honor of drawing first blood So , i 'll ask you again ... For the last time Five waters , please Who the hell do you think you are ? Me ? They call me " The King "
