 ♪ H.Q. : S.H.I.E.L.D. 6-1-6 , you have course confirmation . You are cleared direct to the slingshot . Agent coulson , everything all right up there ? We heard you had a little dustup on the ground . Coulson : Yeah , we 're all good . It 's gonna be blue skies from here on out . [ Explosion ] [ Alarms blaring ] Aah ! Aaaaah ! Simmons : Coulson ! Hang on ! Hey , no joy rides , okay ? That 's my house . [ Engine turns over ] [ Scoffs ] Where do they think of this stuff ? Ward : Skye ? Girl 's not qualified to be a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent . Agreed . That 's why I 've invited her on as a consultant . S.H.I.E.L.D. Does it all the time . And technically , skye 's a member of the rising tide . She hacked our rsa implementation - - twice . From a laptop . Imagine what she 'll do with our resources . That 's exactly what I 'm imagining during this frown . You brought me on for risk assessment . She 's a risk . She doesn 't think like us . Exactly . Oh , agent coulson told us the news . What a wonderful surprise . No , it 's wonderful . Yeah , a surprise . You must be very excited . Yep , first day of school . [ Grunts ] Okay , so ... Just - - sorry . Yeah . We have two kids on this bus who aren 't cleared for combat . At least Fitz-Simmons are trained s.H.I.E.L.D. Scientists . But skye ? You said this was a select team . Assembled to work new cases , to protect people . I don 't see how letting some hacker tag along - - I 'm looking for an objection I haven 't already anticipated . I 'm calling this . But your frown will be on record . We 've been called in to investigate an 0-8-4 . We all know what that means . It means we don 't know what that means . Fitz : Officially , it 's an airborne mobile command station . But we call it the bus . We find it best to use shorthand when in the field . But everything has to be just so , you know , because of the danger . Yeah , I 've been up here before , but I didn 't see much because of the bag that agent ward put over my head . Yes , so sorry about that . Water ? May : Wheels up in two . Lock it or lose it . What 's that mean ? No backing out now . Let 's find a bunk for our guest . Oh , oh , yeah , there 's only one left , and it 's right next to mine . Sorry . You can ... [ Sighs ] Hey . I know we didn 't really - - might want to read that . This isn 't like other planes . You can say that again . Say what again ? Sweet ride . I earned a little goodwill from director fury when I got hit right before the battle of New York . You took a bullet ? An asgardian stabbed me through the heart with a chitauri scepter . The effect was similar . Got a few weeks ' rr and this plane . Had it completely refurbished . Studs up - - spared no expense . Yeah , agent ward told me they sent you to Tahiti . It 's a magical place . You mentioned that . Here . Use a coaster . [ Beep ] Peru . That 's where the 0-8-4 was reported . And an 0-8-4 is ... ? An object of unknown origin . Kind of like you . Team goes in , determines if it 's useful Last one turned out to be pretty interesting . And what was the last one ? A hammer . [ Tires screech ] Tire tracks 40 meters back . I 'll check them against the site 's trucks - - make sure we 're alone . Too much exposure here . I 'm gonna find a place to park . [ Animal chatters ] I would love to see a capuchin in the wild . Maybe even a yellow-tailed woolly monkey . You know , um , Peru has 32 different species of monkey . Yeah , and close to 200 species of snakes . The shushupe has a fascinating ven- - venom . It 's neurotoxic , proteolytic , and hemolytic . [ Chuckles ] [ Chuckles nervously ] That 's fascinating . Yeah . Oh . No , I 'd be much more concerned with earthquakes , mala- - [ Insect buzzes , hand slaps ] Ah . There 's no vaccine for dengue fever . [ Gasps ] Oh , look at this . We should warn the people who live around here They 're already dealing with anti-mining rebels and the shining path guerillas . Remember the panic when that anti-matter meteor splashed down just off the coast of Miami , nearly devoured the city ? No . Precisely . Because we kept it quiet and contained . So , what am I doing ? Well , if it gets out , I might need you to create some kind of diversion , put the public on the wrong scent . So everything that I 'm against . Yep . [ Camera shutter clicks ] Good morning , Professor . I 'm agent coulson with s.H.I.E.L.D. I understand you 've made an interesting discovery . [ Sighs ] I-I 'm not sure how to explain it . This temple dates back at least 500 years . It 's filled with pre-incan artifacts . One of them is impossible and looks like it might be dangerous . Well , that 's why we 're here . Watch out . Exactly as we found it . Who else knows about this ? Just the ministry . I believe they are the ones who contacted you . Sir , I need you and your team to evacuate the site until we determine the risk associated with this object . [ Device beeping ] Leave the man alone . Now - - for your own safety . Nothing about this anywhere . It 's amazing . I searched every data stream . Whoa , car- - uh , careful . I-I - - no , wouldn 't do that . The object 's placement in fossiliferous rock formations suggests it 's been here for at least 1,500 years . That pre-dates this temple by a millennium . Ah ! Maybe it 's alien . Yeah , but the shape and the craftsmanship - - it 's almost German . [ Birds chirping ] Tires match the prof 's truck . Where 's your sidearm ? If I need a gun , I 'll take one . Right . Forgot I was working with " the cavalry . " Don 't ever call me that . Apologies . I 've heard the stories - - what went down in in Bahrain , about you in action . You know , it was smart of coulson It 's nice to have a trusted friend who has your back . [ Grunts ] [ Vehicle approaches ] [ Men shouting in Spanish ] Should have taken more guns . [ Vehicle door closes ] [ Men shouting in Spanish ] Ward : Sir ? Go . We have a situation . Lots of rebels in this area . Not enough gunfire . Keep working . I 'm on my way . Buenos días . Soy agente coulson . Estamos aquí por un asunto de LA seguridad internacional . Phillip ? Camilla ? Do you mind ? After you . [ Speaks Spanish ] [ Man speaking Spanish ] And now for a proper hello . Comandante - - a promotion . Congratulations . Three years ago . But thank you . Agent Melinda may , agent grant ward , this is comandante Camilla reyes . She 's with the policía militar del perú . We used to work together back in the day . Let the team know everything 's okay . Reyes : I know you 've found a strange object on Peruvian soil . We should have a conversation about how to proceed . But an 0-8-4 supercedes all national claims . You look good . Yeah , I work out . Come , let me show you something . [ Device beeping ] Are you seeing this ? It 's alive . Wha- - alive alive ? It has a functioning power source . Sleepy 's reading radionuclides , but they don 't match any known isotope . I get temporal matches , but even then , they seem to shift . Is that even possible ? Depends on the shifting of the temporal radio stuff , so ... It 's totally weird , right ? I 'm gonna go check on coulson . We 've got company . National police . What ? Why are they here ? They heard about this object . They 're probably here to protect it . This area has lots of rebel uprisings . Yeah , people are fighting back against the government 's mining policies . It 's pretty kick-ass . Yeah , it 's kick-ass , all the violence . That 's not what I 'm saying . In your van , alone - - where it 's safe . How much longer ? What 's the hurry ? Are we in danger ? Not if everyone does their job . What is yours , exactly ? The cacao is from a secret valley in Peru . Very special . The best chocolate in the world . Could use some sugar . [ Chuckles ] Americans . You know me , Camilla . I 'm a pretty simple guy . There was nothing simple about your last mission here . I had some great help . There isn 't any chance we get to keep the device , is there ? but I 'm sure we can find a way to resolve this respectfully in a way that gives your coun- - rebels . Stay close . On my six . [ Gunfire , indistinct shouting ] [ Rumbling ] Time to go . Rebels - - they 're coming for it . Let 's move ! No . No , no , no , no , no . It doesn 't matter . It does to me ! Please , let us do this . We need a containment case for the 0-8-4 . There 's no time . But it has a fluctuating power core - - frequencies way above 10 exahertz . [ Explosion ] Sorry . Science class is over . [ Grunts ] Whoa ! Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! Wait . You did not just pull that out of the wall . What is the matter with you ? ! Do you realize we do not know the amount of photon emissions coming out of this - - okay . We don 't know what will happen if it gets excited . Stay close . Simmons : Fitz ! Come on ! [ Gunfire ] [ Indistinct shouting ] [ Shouts in Spanish ] Your men need to fall back now , or we 'll never make the runway . Now - - your truck . Let 's go ! [ Screams ] Get back ! Tell your men to get down . [ Shouts in Spanish ] Watch out ! [ Shouts ] [ Gun cocks ] Get in ! Get in ! Move ! Now ! Yes . Yeah , that 's a good idea . After you . After you . Man : Ivámonos ! Ivámonos ! [ Indistinct shouting ] Coulson 's secure in pmp 's truck . Take the South route to the airfield . Gotcha . Slow down ! You 're joking , right ? There 's a binding energy structure that could overheat . I could roll down a window ! [ Bullets ricochet ] Aah ! Do not roll down a window ! Stay quiet and keep your heads down . Head left . The ravine empties . But , ward ! Both : Quiet ! [ Beeping ] How fast can you have the wheels up ? Fast . [ Tires screech ] Ramp ! What are you doing ? ! Coulson is still out there ! Get off the ramp . You 're in the line of fire . [ Gunfire , indistinct shouting ] Ward : Cut it pretty close , sir . Didn 't want to leave anyone behind . I got to say it . I miss my van . Now , what was the problem ? As I said before , this device has a high-frequency , fluctuating , sub-material compression - - Fitz , in English . The 0-8-4 is fueled by tesseract technology . Hydra . World war ii . Captain America . It 's full of lethal amounts of gamma radiation . Gamma - - you 're saying it 's nuclear ? Coulson : No . He 's saying it 's much , much worse . H.Q. : And the 0-8-4 is in your possession ? It 's on board and contains a tesseract fuel cell , so ... There 's that . You are a go for check-in guidance through restricted airspace . Safe travels . [ Sighs ] Top speed 's a priority , may . Obviously . I know you didn 't want to see combat . I apologize for that . Do you need anything else before I go check on the device fueled by evil that 's sitting in our cargo hold ? This was fun . Not to worry . The device is stable . Not that it couldn 't explode at any minute , especially if hit with machine-gun fire . But things like this happen from time to time when in the field , and at first , it 's very unpleasant , and you regret your decision to leave the lab at all . [ Door opens ] Fitz : Are you mental ? I did explain in great detail exactly what I meant , using the queen 's bloody English ! I use normal English - - words like " duck " and " run " and " might blow us to pieces . " Oh . Oh ! Well , congratulations , agent ward . You managed to string three words together in a sentence . Is everyone all right ? Banged up but alive . Thank you for the extraction . Reyes : But we lost a lot of men . We 'll make sure the rest of you get home safe . Are we safe ? On a plane with that ? There 's a pmp airfield in iquitos . It 's a short distance - - we 'll burn as fast as we can for a s.H.I.E.L.D. Containment facility . There 's no safer place for us to go . Sir , if I may ? You got anything to drink around here ? Upstairs . I think you 'll find it quite comfortable up there . I expect the grand tour . Fitz : I 'm trying to tell you - - ward : ... Don 't understand anything you are saying ! Do we have a problem in here ? No , sir . Just working on our communication . Not everyone was prepared for a firefight . We got out , didn 't lose anyone , saved a few of theirs - - I 'd say we did all right . Anything else ? Uh , yeah . I have a small question . Because I 've been feeling like the tagalong hayseed rookie , but now I get the sense that ward doesn 't know which one 's Simmons and which one 's Fitz , and they 've seen even less gunfire than me , but is this your first mission together ? No . Of course not . It 's our second . I was your first ? That 's sweet . Ward : You 're amused ? I 'm terrified . I am in way over my head , but I have been on this team just as long as any of you . I might as well be team captain . [ Scoffs ] I was joking , but maybe that 's not a bad idea , because these guys do not like each other much . Ward : This isn 't about that . Today , I could have eliminated the enemy threat myself if I was working alone , but I had non-combat-ready agents - - whoa , whoa . Wait . You work alone ? So typical . Who do you think designs your equipment ? Or the polymers for your weaponry . Yeah . People like us do it . Try going into the field with just your bare bum . See them proving the point I just made ? You 're not wrong . We still need to iron out the kinks . But , ward , you can speak six languages . Simmons , you have two phds in fields I can 't pronounce , and , Fitz , you are a rocket scientist . So work it out . I-I 'm - - I 'm good at stuff , too . [ Sighs ] [ Indistinct conversation ] [ Laughs ] So , should we work or just continue to - - I 'm saying I said there would come a moment when we would regret the decision to go in the field . I didn 't think that would happen in week one . [ Scoffing ] Oh , God . This seam in the sedimentary layers suggests some sort of molten cave-in Yeah , well , this here - - it 's optical amplification . Now , I think - - well , I 'm most likely dead-on - - that the tesseratic energy excites plasma with an inverse population of energy levels . A laser . A ray of ... Pure energy - - two terajoules . See ? Right here ? We 're lucky the drones didn 't trigger it while we were taking electromagnetic readings . This is a weapon , powerful enough to - - enough to melt through 50 feet of solid rock to bury itself . Imagine what it could do to a person . Yeah , or an airplane . For example . " Hunger games " ? " Matterhorn . " One of a hundred books my s.O. Gave me that I 'm just getting around to . S.O. - - Supervising officer . Hackers have lingo , too , but I 'll pick yours up . I feel like you and me - - wrong foot . Can I ... Buy you a drink ? [ Chuckles lightly ] What I said before - - when I said the uprising was - - whatever I said - - a good thing . What I was talking about was the tweets . Tweets . You trying to make things better or worse ? Peruvians have organized for the first time in decades . Thousands of suffering people who have never met uniting over a common idea ? It 's mind-blowing . And I don 't want to bring it up because I don 't want to see your hate face , but ... That 's what the rising tide is all about . Okay . Usually , one person doesn 't have the solution . But 100 people with 1 % of the solution - - that 'll get it done . I think that 's beautiful - - pieces solving a puzzle . You and I see the world differently is all . I 've never been in a war zone during a war until today . That was crazy . I take it you 've seen that a lot ? [ Sighs ] Wh- - did you get shot ? Skin deep . Nothing to worry about . You got shot . Did that happen protecting us ? Said don 't worry about it . Well , no wonder you were so pissed . I wasn 't pissed . I was trained to be the whole solution - - to eliminate variables . And today , they keep adding up . We 're turning . so we have to follow certain flight paths - - regulation . This plane is capable of fully automated flight , but may has to be on the stick herself tonight . You 've got an s.O. May 's got to be on the stick . Lots of good lingo on this plane . Yeah . We just can 't seem to understand each other . First walkie-talkie wristwatch - - 1936 , Poland . They only made 20 , I think . Still works . I forgot you 're such a sentimentalist , Phillip . [ Chuckles ] Romanticizing history . Yeah , most of it 's glued down . There was an elegance to things back then . There we agree . With everything around us changing so quickly , it doesn 't hurt to have a few touchstones to the past . Reminds me what 's important . The last thing I want to do is relive days gone by . A few nights , maybe . [ Door closes ] I see what you 're doing . I 'm reminiscing . This plane is such a step up from the r.V. We used to work out of when you were stationed in cusco . I don 't remember much working . I also don 't remember you being this direct . Skye , hand me the bottle . Okay , turbo , but you 're still nursing the one you got . I 'm not the only one . We 're stuck above the clouds for the next few hours . We might as well enjoy ourselves . We could make a few more memories to add to your collection . What do you think ? I think ... you 'll have to eliminate may from the equation Which gives him about 20 seconds to get to her first . Aah ! [ Device beeps , drill whirs ] [ All grunting ] [ Air hisses ] We were allies . We had history . When did you decide to throw that away ? As soon as I saw your team . [ Spits ] The reason I 'm still alive is because you need me to verify the change of routes for your pilot when h.Q. Calls in any minute now . I 'd appreciate that . But if I don 't , s.H.I.E.L.D. Will shoot this aircraft out of the sky . That 'll take the 0-8-4 out of your hands . Maybe I should let them . Oh , no , I think you 'll make the calls . You already handed me your plane for the life of one of your little lab rats . If I open the cargo hold , you 'll lose them all . And you are such a sentimentalist . Fitz : This is my fault . Should have learned kung fu . Simmons : Oh , yeah , but I shouldn 't have pushed you into the field in the first place . It was my job to make a proper threat assessment . Uh , we - - we weren 't ready . This wouldn 't have happened if agent may wasn 't on the stick . She would have busted out some of her ninja know-how . Agent may ? No . No , no . She transferred from administration . Well , I 've seen her destroy a guy , so ... You 've heard of the cavalry ? Yeah . Yeah . Wh- - everyone at the academy talks about st- - both : She 's the cavalry ? I told you never to call me that . Oh , we 're sure to get out of here now . Um , how do we get out of here ? [ Grunts ] Can 't go through the doors . They 're bolted , tied to the pressurization lines . You two geniuses have nothing ? Yeah , well , it 's hard to concentrate in these intense situations . Hey . Don 't freeze up . Take a breath . You don 't need to come up with the whole solution . Just part of it . Right ? Yeah . Pieces solving a puzzle . Coulson : You knew this was a weapon all along . Reyes : But you got to it first . Yes , coulson . For once , I 'm actually ahead of you . My country commissioned that weapon decades ago . After the fall of hydra , many scientists followed their Nazi friends to hide on this side of the world . German engineering . The weapon was lost during a clash in the jungle until today . With it , we 'll end the rebel uprising and finally stabilize my country . You mean rule your country . You stay in your borders . I 'll stay in mine . Those borders are disappearing . Aliens descended on New York , remember ? They don 't care whose colors you wear . They just care who 's in the way . We should be working together , Well , that 's clearly the worst idea we 've heard yet . Reyes is gonna kill us the minute we land , regardless , This way , we have a fighting chance . I 'll take it . And the only way to release the lab doors is from upstairs . The first thing is , we 're tied to the cargo door , so unless you can - - [ Crack ] What the hell was that ? Her wrist . Aah ! [ Crack ] What 's next ? Was it 11 years ago , now ? You swooped in with s.H.I.E.L.D. With so much confidence , so much mystery . You had 100 men at your disposal . And now - - a hand-picked team . And , yes , they 're that good . Oh , Phil . You 're not even aware . Your renewed idealism , your collectibles , your airborne man cave , surrounding yourself with young , attractive agents - - you 're having a mid-life crisis . More an afterlife thing , really . And I 'm not going to even mention the red corvette . Her name 's Lola . [ Laughs ] Of course it is . You built this team so you could feel relevant , to feel needed . They don 't need me . They need time . Well , time is not on their side . No , but you gave them something better - - a common enemy . Okay , we 're sure , right ? Everyone 's sure ? We 're all on board . Yeah , let 's do this fast . No turning back . No freezing up . Because if we do , then ... All of us die . We know . All right . [ Engine revs ] You guys talk a lot . [ Vehicle door closes , engine revs ] No , no , no ! [ Drill whirs ] [ Device beeps ] H.Q. : S.H.I.E.L.D. 6-1-6 , we have radar contact . Requesting confirmation on a change in course . Over . [ Gun cocks ] Answer it , or they all learn what a 30,000-foot drop feels like . Agent coulson , are you there ? You have course confirmation . You are cleared direct to the slingshot . Agent coulson ? Everything all right up there ? We heard you had a little dustup on the ground . Yeah , we 're all good . It 's gonna be blue skies from here on out . Simmons , forget what I said before . This is the moment that we 'll regret . [ Device beeps ] [ Screams ] Aah ! Aaaaah ! The drop in cabin pressure released the doors . I 'll take care of the soldiers . You guys get to the 0-8-4 . And coulson ? Let 's hope he can handle himself . [ Alarms blaring ] Aah ! Aah ! [ Wind howling ] Get back ! Go now ! Find the 0-8-4 ! [ Grunts ] Help ! Coulson ! Got you ! Camilla ! Hold on ! It 's okay . I 've got it ! Fitz ! Reel us back in ! Fitz : I 've got you ! [ Buckle clicks ] We need your help ! Trust me ! what a 30,000-foot drop feels like . Aah ! [ Bell chimes ] [ Both grunting ] Aah ! Fitz ! Cut him loose ! Sorry ! Sorry ! Ward : Hold on ! [ Fabric rips ] Aah ! I read the safety pamphlet . I think you might be the first . No other way in , huh ? Was just starting to warm up to this place . The 0-8-4 is cooling and stable . But we should call h.Q. And get it to the slingshot as soon as possible . Told you they were good . [ Hammers pounding , tools whirring ] Not a scratch . But your plane 's totaled . I hope s.H.I.E.L.D. Insurance covers hijackings . Sure . Under " incidentals . " [ Chuckles lightly ] What exactly am I signing up for ? front-row seat to the craziest show on earth . the show to get this crazy this fast all for an object you 're just gonna destroy . Slingshot is protocol . A weapon like the 0-8-4 is too dangerous for any person or country to have . People like reyes would always be after it . What happened with reyes , anyway ? at a s.H.I.E.L.D. Detainment facility . I expect the Peruvian government will negotiate for her release . She probably won 't spend much time in jail . No , I mean what happened with you and reyes ? You guys totally did it back in the day , right ? That 's classified . Looks like skye might end up as more than just a consultant , despite our reservations . She could turn into a solid asset ... With some serious work . Well , if she wants to be a field agent , she 'll need a supervising officer - - someone disciplined , someone good . All right . Just to clarify , you were , uh , talking about me , right ? Fitz : We blew up a plane . I had a new experience . Eat that , Professor Vaughn . You had a new experience . But it was new for all of us . May : They 're happy . Hey , come on . You guys don 't want to miss this . Fitz : So , it 'll take about 180 days to reach the sun . Now , yes , of course , it would have been faster if they 'd used hydrogen-fueled apus , but they 're having fun . How many of those have you guys had ? [ Laughing ] Sk- - skye . It 's important when in the field to unwind from time to time . Yeah , yeah , especially after a hard day of everyone almost dying . Which doesn 't happen every day , right ? It 's an anomaly - - an irregularity . Not ... The norm . Speaking of " not the norm , " whose idea was it to blow a hole in the plane ? May said that the doors so we thought it was the only way to release them . It was everyone 's idea , sir . Yes , quite genius , really . Nice work . Man : All clear for liftoff . Fitz : Oh , time for blastoff . [ Nasally ] Launching ... In three ... [ Laughs ] ... two ... The trajectory will take it beyond the lagrange point so that it doesn 't hit herschel . And there haven 't been any coronal mass ejections , so it shouldn 't lose telemetry . Ward : Guys , English . Ow . [ Cellphone vibrates ] Fury : Really ? Really , coulson ? Six days ? It only took you six days to take a completely renovated piece of state-of-the-art machinery and turn it into scrap ? ! My team acted with my authority . Don 't talk to me about authority . Do you know how much this plane cost ? It 's got a bar . A really nice one . Talking to me about authority . You know , I have the authority to downgrade your ass to a winnebago . I 'm aware of that , sir . Well , I want it fixed just like you found it . So don 't have Fitz-Simmons going making modifications , like a-a-a-a ... Damn fish tank . Yes , sir . And the new girl - - she 's a risk . I know , sir . You know , sir ? How 's Lola ? She 's fine , sir . Thanks for asking . Talking to me about authority . Yeah , we 're gonna have to kill the fish tank .
