 Hey ! Over here ! Yes ? Get back to the station . We 've got a suspect . At last you 're here . I 'll explain the details later . Put this on . You 're the only one who investigated the crime scene . So once again ... My name is Shiga . I head the Special Analysis Research Institute . This is Kagura , our system developer . He will now give us a report on Test Case 01 of our new DNA Investigation System . The serial child abduction-murder case that happened in Ota and Koto wards . A strand of hair thought to be that of the assailant was found on the plastic covering the second of the child victims . This is the result of analyzing the DNA . Kagura . DNA profiling suggests the assailant is male , age 25-35 , blood type O , RH plus , 180 to 185 cm in height . Slim , broad-shouldered , hands about 20 cm long . Shoe size larger than 27 , smaller than 27.5 . Pale skin . Thin eyebrows and eyelashes . Large mouth , thin lips . Long jaw , prominent Adam 's apple . Probably light-brown eyes . Very likely to be short-sighted . No congenital diseases . Based on the above results , we have projected his face in this DNA montage . What you are looking at is the face of the serial killer . " Large mouth , thin lips ... " " Long jaw , prominent Adam 's apple . " Tokura , ask him to come with us . Everyone else , be ready if he runs . Alright . In addition , from what we gathered about his DNA , the killer is a third cousin to this lady Ikue Yamashita of Koto ward . You 're Yuta Kuwabara ? He fled ! Just for your information , ... he 's timid in nature and a coward . Possesses strong self-preservation , but low endurance . ... thus he 's easily panicky . Halt ! Everyone please calm down ! Protect the children ! Keep away ! Keep away ! I 'll stab you ! I 'll stab you ! 4 out of 7 on the anti-social scale . Ouch ! You bastard ! You 're under arrest . Keep him down . Let go ! Oh , and by the way he has small nails . His third toe is likely to be longer than his big toe . Excuse me , may I ask who you are ? This is a restricted area . Could I see your ID ? What 's your hurry ? You were supposed to come the day after tomorrow for the tour to our research facilities . Ikue Yamashita . I checked her out . She 's clean , no past criminal records . How did you obtain her DNA ? She underwent medical treatment at a city hospital 3 months ago . Don 't tell me you were using illegally obtained DNA . That 's premature . What ? Well , since you 're already here , I 'll give you the tour . Please come inside . Do you know why you 're in charge of the case this time ? No clue . I recommended you . Oh you did ? This is our Main Analysis Lab . Shiratori , can you get Detective Asama 's data ? Yes . High monoamine oxidase A activity based on MAOA gene , so no anti-social tendencies . Reacts well to situations . Respects confidentiality . Once something catches his attention , he will not let it go . Assistant Inspector Reiji Asama . You 're a naturally talented investigator . Right . Possesses sharp acumen , as his genes suggest . He also realized the issue with our Test Case this time . So you acknowledge that there is a problem with your investigation procedures . Of course I do . But will you look at the results this time and tell me what you think ? While all these young lives are taken away , you failed to catch the killer even after visiting the crime scenes . And yet we could find him so easily . I appreciate your help with the arrest . However , that doesn 't change the fact that your investigation was against the law . Please rest assured . Soon there will be no legal problems . What ? A year from now , the government is going to past the DNA Act , mandating the control of every citizen 's DNA . DNA Act ? From now on , DNA will solve everything . And the most comprehensive national DNA database ... We call it ... Platinum Data . Please give blood . This is Storage Unit 1 . At its largest capacity , it can store up to 2.3 million DNA samples . " Platinum Data " They are here . I 'll guide them . Thank you for coming . It 's up ahead on the right . Mr. Asama from the NPA Investigation Unit 1 , now on 8th floor . This hospital has security cameras everywhere It 's like a prison . You 're right . Mr Asama 's coming in . The witnesses are waiting . Roger . What the heck is this ? You 're Mr. Asama ? I 'm Hodaka from Special Analysis Research Institute . My team of specialists will be handling the forensics for this case . What 's the situation ? We have two victims . One shot in the head at close range . The other shot in the chest area . One rib was removed using a sharp object . As I 'm sure you 're aware this is the same method used in other cases that occurred within the last month . Our director should have some information to fill you in on the victims . You mean the victims are working for him ? Well , yes . Chief Shiga is here . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . I was relieved to hear you 're on the case , Mr. Asama . Mr. Kagura thinks highly of you , after all . How 's Kagura ? Seems like he isn 't feeling very well today . He 's probably in shock . Saki Tateshina was his brilliant partner . What does she mean by " partner " ? Check the security camera footage . Yes , sir . This is Dr. Minakami from the Psychiatry Department . I 'm the doctor in charge of Saki , the younger sister of the Tateshinas . She 's an authority on DNA research and mental illness . She also works with us as an advisor in the aspect of DNA investigation . I 'm Asama . Can you substitute Kagura and fill us in ? Yes , sir . This month , these are the victims of serial murder cases that happened in Hachioji , Kita-Shinagawa and Senju-Shinbashi . The same weird method , one rib taken away . Must be the same killer this time . And here is the DNA data for a suspect recovered from three of the crime scenes . However , no matches were found in the DNA database we have . No matches ? What do you mean ? It means " NF " . " NOT FOUND " , which means no person found to match the description . The killer hasn 't submitted his DNA sample . This is the 13th person . We are calling this case NF13 . I 've heard that all three victims were important members of a group opposing the DNA Act . How about the victims this time ? The only people who know of their existence are those with knowledge of the DNA analysis system . Dr. Minakami . The basic concept behind DNA profiling was created by Kagura of Special Analysis Research Institute . However , there were huge barriers to systematizing it . First of all , without digitized DNA data on which to base our profiling , this system is meaningless . And then , when the need arises in the future , we have to be able to search for and collate everyone 's information . That 's where Saki Tateshina came into play . Though Saki was autistic , she possessed extraordinary capacities in certain fields . Savant syndrome . She demonstrated exceptional ability in the field of Mathematics . She created all the programs essential to what Kagura had envisioned . So she 's a systems developer ? Yes . At any rate , five people connected to the group conducting DNA Analysis have been killed . From now on , the team led by Asama will have to operate in secret . Got it ? We still can 't say for sure that the same killer is responsible for both this and the previous three cases . The victims this time were not opposed to the DNA Act . They developed the system . Motives are completely different . Have you found anything ? Well ... The footage shows that the 8th floor corridor was empty around the estimated time of death . Who had the last contact with the victims ? Mr. Asama , please take a look . This is from the security camera near the 8th floor VIP Room five hours before that . Here 's the 8th floor camera layout . Another angle . How about other footage ? He 's in this too . 8th floor elevator lobby . He 's in here too . He went down to 5th floor . 5th floor consultation rooms . No doubt it 's the same person . If the DNA Act is passed , the arrest rates will go back up to where they used to be during your term . As Mr. Tadokoro said , it 's for the common good . You always spring out of nowhere . What is it now ? You were on the security camera at Shin-Seiki Hospital . And what is wrong with that ? You were the last person who came in contact with the dead victims , the Tateshinas . Have some manners . I have questions regarding events before the incident for you . Once every week , I go there to conduct personal research . What kind of research ? Genetic information and psychology . However , yesterday I was called out by Kosaku Tateshina . So what 's the matter ? " NOT FOUND . " The 13th of such case . " NF13 . " You 've got work now , yeah ? Come back afterwards . Yeah . Then I 'll be here in five hours . Why didn 't you talk about this earlier ? If someone had asked , I would have told them anytime . Seems like you took quite a shock after hearing of the incident ? That 's not like you . It actually made you ill ? Of course it was a shock to me . Saki Tateshina was the best tool I had for creating software . And Kosaku was my go-between for me and that tool . " Tool ? " That 's right . Except for their parts , people and machines are fundamentally the same . It 's the initial program that determines everything . With people , that 's the information in their genetic code . It 's not all down to DNA . It is ! DNA is everything a person is . Well , anyway , Saki Tateshina 's birthmark bothered her , and she 's never really opened up to anyone . We talked about nothing else but work . Can you prove that you stayed at the 5th floor around the time they were killed ? That 's ridiculous . Are you suspecting me ? Suspecting people is a detective 's job . Well , you can relax . We found skin cells under Saki Tateshina 's fingernails . We have already started analyzing . The killer will be found before long . Excuse me . Yes . This is a remotely operated player . Maybe someone ruined the cameras ? That 's a possibility . Apparently the footage is set to loop every 15 minutes . Investigate 5th floor . Yes , sir . Chief , the profiling is ready to run . This will be a while . I 'll take over . There it is . Same thing for 5th floor , Mr. Asama . Like 8th floor , the 5th floor footage with no man filmed is also looped . How long is the footage ? About five hours . So when the crime took place , only one person was on this floor . What 's going on ? No . It can 't be ... Wait ... You 're still here ? Yeah , but ... I was just about to leave . " His analysis data should still be here . " May I help you ? Where is Kagura ? He just left for the day . Squad A , ambush at Kagura 's house . Squad B , track him down . Let 's go . Analysis done ? Not quite . Hurry . Kagura is a person of interest ? What 's that supposed to mean ? Just as I said . He 's a person of interest in the case of the Tateshinas . He didn 't kill them . I 'm 100 % certain of that . Analysis data is restored . This is ... ? When the person in charge of the system caused such an incident , ... the Act can 't pass . I 'll fix this . Come with me . This floor system is only known to Kagura . It 's completely isolated . Is the data registered ? Yes , sir . Activate security and traffic cameras for search . Yes , sir . Starting search engine for 20-kilometer radius . Where did this come from ? It 's a surveillance system that utilizes police knowhow and was designed to put DNA investigation to full use . It finds a match with the digital clone of a person from the DNA and conducts search in every single place . There 's no one who can get away from it . Where did you go , Kagura ? Photography complete . Collating . Display . Konan , Shinagawa , strong positive . Filter voice . 300 Hertz filter . " Hello ? " " There are a few things I need to ask you . " " I 'll be headed for the hospital now . " Collating . Bingo . Where 's the place ? Shin-Seiki Hospital . Well , it 's time for boots on the ground . [ Run . Police is coming after you from the north . ] Target has passed Shin-Seiki Hospital . Still moving . Target spotted . Shinagawa shopping mall passage . From camera 12 . Kagura is taking Route 316 from Shin-Seiki Hospital toward Shinagawa Station . Magnifying . He 's wearing half-rim glasses , a black suit ... " ... and a long coat of the same color . " " Chase him down . " Route 316 towards Shingawa Station . [ Avoid security cameras ] Target found at Shinagawa Station , Konan escalator . Jiyu Passageway , camera 8 . Removed glasses . Movement closely followed . Same Jiyu Passageway . On camera 18 . Target heading towards InterCity . Hey ! Surround him ! Target in traffic circle . Escape route . From Shinagawa towards shopping district . Circle him from the shopping street . Halt ! Nozawa , go from behind ! Kagura ! Sorry , are you all right ? Hey ! Behind ! Block him ! Kagura ! Hold it ! Confirm license number . Shinagawa 405Hi38-10 . Tanigawa ! Get in the car ! Chase him down ! Vehicle confirmed . Heading west . Towards the industrial zone . Over here ! Get going ! Surround him . Kagura ! Kagura ! I 'm not ... I 'm not the killer ! Believe me , I 'm not the killer ! That system you 're so proud of , what did it say ? I need to check something . Listen to me and get over here . I 'll hear you out . Get the license plate . Too far to focus . Unable to confirm . Check cameras from nearby . There 's none . We lost him . " Calling for all lab head consultants . " Why are you here ? I need to check something with Professor Minakami . You 've probably noticed , haven 't you ? What can I help you with ? There 's something I 'd like to ask you . What is it ? Kagura analyzed the DNA sample taken from the murder scene . The result of the analysis showed he was the murderer . If he knew he was the murderer , why would he do that ? In other words , Kagura himself isn 't aware that he killed the Tateshinas . [ Ryu , don 't tell me it was you ] [ Give me a little time , Kagura ] He probably came to see his other self . Ryohei Kagura had split personality ? Yes . He was born as Kagura . Ryu is the other person . Kagura said he doesn 't understand your drawings , Ryu . Yeah , I figured . I don 't understand them either . What are these pics about ? They have completely different manners . They deny each other . Ryu is even left-handed . We bring out his other self with hypnotism for five hours per week . Five hours ... Now , with my post hypnotic suggestion , ... Ryu can naturally appear every time he is in his studio on 5th floor . This studio is Ryu 's personal space . When did his personality disorder happen ? His father who was a potter died when he was 15 . Two personalities born from the same DNA . To explain his condition , he became a leading scientist in DNA research . And then , Kagura and the Tateshinas met in this hospital . " Did you kill them ? " Kagura wanted to ask Ryu this question . And he came here to ascertain that . For more than 10 years after his father passed away , I 've been Kagura 's doctor in-charge . More than that , I 've been taking care of Ryu and him like their mother . You 're telling me Ryu is a murderer ? And the victims are no other than the Tateshinas ? That is absurd . " Weather broadcast information . " " Sudden squalls bringing more than 30mm per hour are occurring in the Kanto area . " [ Come to Chisatodai 1-2-2 in Kawasaki ] What 's happening to me ? " Use this cell phone to communicate . " " It 's durable , waterproof , and has a lot of extra functions as well . " " There are also clothes and money I 've prepared in the bag . " I didn 't kill them ... Right now , Ryu is the suspect . Why did you help me ? I need to find out something about the latest program that the Tateshinas created . It 's called Mogul . Mogul ? These past few months , the Tateshinas were rushing to make something . Mogul would have completed the DNA Investigation System . Now that they are dead , it remains unfinished . Who exactly are you ? The Tateshinas have been exchanging emails regularly with a mathematician . And in one email , they wrote that Mogul is finished . They also intended to store it in a safe place before letting the co-developer know of its existence . Are you listening ? Before the incident , someone called me out to talk about NF13 . " So what 's the matter ? " " NOT FOUND . " " The 13th of such case . " NF13 and Mogul must have a close connection . The Tateshinas got killed because they wanted to inform you of that . Mogul holds the key to this case and you want me to look for it ? So that 's your motive . Two personalities , same DNA . The other part of you , Ryu , is being suspected . Well , I 'm sure .. ... you would want to prove that you 're not the killer . Who exactly are you ? Please go look for Mogul . I 'm on your side , at least till then . Excuse me ? Anyone there ? Yes ? You 're Shogo Kagura 's friend ? Yes , I am . We 're the police . May we have some time ? We 'd like to ask you what happened 13 years ago . You mean that incident ? It caused quite a ruckus , didn 't it ? [ Pride of a brilliant potter . Shaking the world of fine arts . International counterfeit organizations evaded Japan . ] 13 years already ? [ Pride of a brilliant potter . Shaking the world of fine arts . International counterfeit organizations evaded Japan . ] [ Pride of a brilliant potter . Shaking the world of fine arts . International counterfeit organizations evaded Japan . ] So they are copying my works using computers , huh ? Not even the connoisseurs can tell the difference . What rubbish . I didn 't quite know what was going on in the mind of a genius like him . But something his son said hit him pretty hard . What do you think of these , Ryohei ? Well ... I like this one the most out of everything you 've made so far . Ryohei was the one who found his father . He was such a good child . But from then on , he was like a different person . Ryu . Did you kill them ? DNA results showed that you 're the killer . Always obsessed with results , aren 't you ? You 're such a sad person . That 's why you don 't understand my pictures . They are just someone 's hands . Dad 's hands . Dad 's hands ? What 's the point in drawing them ! The hands say it all . From those hands , the clay takes shape . Ryu . Hey . Those pictures mean a lot to me . [ The Tateshinas sneaked out of hospital for 3 days last month . ] Widen search area to a 200-km radius . Yes , sir . Strong positive specified . Kitamine , Yamanashi Prefecture . Collate walking pace . Yes . Bingo . Contact the local police about Kagura 's arrest . He 's reading our every move . We are the ones reading his every move . I 'd like you to go get him alone . We can file the arrest here . The NPA is now running this case . It 's all top-secret . Is something going on ? Of course no such thing ... Computers retrieved from Shin-Seiki Hospital show traces of programming work . That 's what your forensics people found out , but the written report to the higher-ups didn 't mention any of that ! Out of this ! but the written report to the higher-ups didn 't mention any of that ! Out of this ! Asama ! You 're a cog in the machine . Just do as you 're told . Darn it ! What the heck is going on ? " The Tateshinas have been exchanging emails regularly with a mathematician . " " Mogul , the supplemental program to NF , will be completed before long . " " The system will work perfectly with this program , and we will be able to obtain the true " Platinum Data . " " The true Platium Data ? " " Mogul is our proof of remorse . " " Kosaku and Saki Tateshina . " " Our proof of remorse ? " The true " Platinum Data , " " our proof of remorse ... " What is this place ? The villa I gave the Tateshinas . Was Mogul there ? All data was deleted . Too bad but I couldn 't restore it . " Mogul is our proof of remorse . " What 's that supposed to mean ? So you saw the Tateshinas ' emails . Answer me . You don 't need to know ... What the heck is " The true Platinum Data ? " When I get hold of Mogul , I 'll hand it to the US government . That 's my real job . The Tateshinas created Mogul , and then they got murdered just when they wanted to reveal something about NF13 . Mogul supplements NF . There 's definitely some hidden truth behind NF13 . When the system is perfected and you obtain the true Platinum Data , you will find the truth there . That girl herself IS the system I 've put so much into . No matter the consequence , I want to know the truth . I 'll try to find out about NF13 . You have to find a way to look for Mogul . They already alerted the local police and started an expansive search for you . Take the bike and get out of here . Can 't let them catch me before I get to the roots of this true Platinum Data . Attention , headquarters . Attention , headquarters . Vehicle confirmed . Suspicious motorcycle spotted on Kitamine Forest Road . Start emergency dispatch . Get in the car ! Emergency dispatch ! Air Patrol 8 to headquarters . Go ahead , Air Patrol 8 . Confirm sighting of vehicle . Suspect now crossing bridge . Roger . Watch out for the dam gate . Wait ! I have something to ask you . I can 't ... let you catch me yet . No body found ? So he got away . Put out an urgent notice to all forces . The moment they find him , take him to my place . This is Ryu 's memory ? Hello ? Mr. Asama . This is Minakami . I heard Kagura is still at large . He 's acting from emotion . Just as Ryu would . He might be losing psychic balance . And what happens then ? Split personality disorder causes the person to lose the sense of who he is . When the integrity of the personality breaks down , his behavior becomes unpredictable . I 've obtained the original DNA sample of NF13 . Please contact me , Mr. Kagura . Everyone , on standby . Yes , sir . Hey . Why is that guy here ? Mogul K. Defense Information System Agency . Procurement Department . Senior Specialist Risa Shiratori . Good job slipping in here . The construction of a true Platinum Data is imperative to the establishment of the DNA Investigation System , The US government must have thought the same thing . But why did even she have a rib removed ? What kind of copycat is that ? Right now the truth behind her death is not the main issue . What ? We can just set up a random corpse as the murderer . More importantly , we need to quickly find Mogul . No one must know about the existence of the true Platinum Data . Kagura ? Kagura . Detective Asama . How do you have this cell phone ? Risa Shiratori was murdered . Shiratori was murdered ? Only I know of this cell phone 's existence . I see . So you 're acting alone now . Want to catch me ? Even if you 're the killer , your arrest is only secondary . We need to talk . I know the 15-year-old Ryu that you don 't know about . If you act suspiciously , I 'll flee right away . Saki Tateshina might merely be another tool to you , Kagura . But to Ryu , she 's not . What are you trying to say ? 13 years ago , when you were diagnosed with split personality , you began to make frequent visits to Shin-Seiki Hospital . Saki Tateshina was brought to the hospital around the same time . Ryu met her there . I 'm told by a nurse who knows the story at that time . The model for that picture of a young girl in the studio was Saki Tateshina . Perhaps to Saki , Ryu was the only person whom she could truly open up to . And similarly , she was the only one for Ryu . Which do you think it was ? Hm ? She originally didn 't have that birthmark . Saki used to spend hours and hours writing prime numbers . She would continue for hours and hours . You 're crying . The sky too . Dad died . I still can 't accept the theory that Ryu killed Saki Tateshina . I want to get to the truth . Join me , Kagura . Does Kagura know this surveillance system exists ? Can 't seem to pull him out anywhere . Where on earth has he been hiding ? Focus search on major cities around the Kanto area . Yes , sir . That 's the sound of waves . Seems like memory is coming back . Though I 'm not sure whether it 's my memory or Ryu 's . I just know that Saki and I used to come to this beach a lot . We don 't have a lot of time . I know . But why do you think Mogul is in that room ? The fake footage taken by security cameras . Saki 's fingerprint was found on their metal case . She was probably desperate to see Ryu and managed to escape security by manipulating the cameras . And the real murderer took advantage of that ? Yeah . The killer knows of the relationship between Ryu and Saki . I couldn 't find anything that resembles Mogul or data storage in Saki 's hospital room . If she actually took something outside , it could only be in this room . Mr. Asama . Can you show me the picture of the young girl ? After you told me the model was Saki Tateshina , there 's something I kind of noticed . Ah ... As I thought , no birthmark ... No ... That 's impossible . There was definitely her birthmark . If Ryu were to draw the pic right before Saki was killed , and if the birthmark disappeared from that pic ... He left us some kind of message ? We found it , Kagura . So this is Mogul ? Saki risked her life to entrust it to Ryu . Can 't let her effort go to waste . Yeah . However , in order to see its content , we need the DNA Investigation System . I 'm Asama of Special Analysis Research Institute , Investigation Unit 1 . Thank you very much . Detective Asama of Investigation Unit 1 . Entering the Main Lab for an emergency . Roger . We will open security gates . Good work . Entering Genetics Analysis . Gate 1 of Main Lab opened . Kagura . Can you hear me ? Yes . Ah , sorry sir . This is restricted area ... Sorry for coming at this late hour , but I have a DNA sample that demands urgent analysis . We need to first inform Mr. Shiga . Don 't make noise . There 's data in this . Now put it in the DNA Investigation System . Right now ! What 's the matter ? What 's wrong ? Mogul 's running . Now we 'll know what the true Platinum Data is . What the heck is this ? The data is protected with a special password . Platinum Data was created not for the sake of the citizens . Politicians . Bureaucrats . Police high echelons . Even the DNA information of their family members ... All set to " No match . " Which means they will be " NOT FOUND . " At first people wanted to create a faultless investigation system . However , If it 's actually faultless , someone will get into trouble . People of privileged class won 't ever be accused under the protection of " Platinum Data . " The role of Mogul is to find such people . Check if the DNA of NF13 matches anyone in Platinum Data . Do it now ! Yes ? What ... ? Just as I thought . All NF data has been copied . Don 't go anywhere , Kagura . I 'll come for you . I 'm sorry , Mr. Asama . I 'll settle this . Wait , Kagura . What are you doing ? What are you doing , Kagura ? Kagura ? Kagura ! Kagura ! Asama . Do you understand what you just did ? I 'm Tokura of Investigation Unit 1 . I was commanded to take him from here . Thank you . Can you do me a favor ? I understand , sir . I 've been waiting . Which one are you ? Kagura ? Or Ryu ? Hurry up ! Minakami Research . On the third floor ! 3rd floor ! 3rd floor ! 3rd floor . Why are you here , Asama ? Asama ! Drop the gun ! Stop ! Drop your guns ! What are you doing ? Bring him ! Hurry up ! Well , shall we get to the point ? Prof Minakami was given an important position in developing the system when the DNA Act is passed . The one assigning the Tateshinas to the making of Platinum Data was you , right ? Let me be frank with you . I want you to forget everything . You think I 'll do what you say ? We exert our utmost efforts in order to protect Platinum Data . You should know your job ... There 's a case I want you to check . NF5 , the rape case . The assailant behind NF5 is the son of Tadokoro , Minister of Health , Labor and Welfare . You 're looking for trouble . Sorry to let you know , but I already had that info sent to the media . If anything untoward should happen to us , I wonder what they would think . Come in . Chief Shiga , the Director wants to see you . Also , the case of Prof Minakami will be handled by Investigation Unit 1 . Pretty impressive for a mere assistant inspector like you , huh ? Kagura . I have to tell you something . Minakami left these records at the institution . There are also your medical records taken since you were 15 . My medical records ? After your father 's suicide , the other personality that appeared wasn 't Ryu . The person who appeared then ... Kagura . It was you . What ? You were born as Ryu . Ryohei Kagura is the alternate personality . Minakami took an interest in Ryu 's alternate individual with whom she shared a bit in common . She was able to switch your identity states using hypnotism . Her plan was to nurture you into becoming a brilliant scientist , ... let you team up with genius mathematician Saki Tateshina to create the DNA Investigation System . So I was just a puppet in her scheme , huh ? Kagura . No . I also have to talk to Ryu . This is our second time meeting , Ryu . Tell me , Ryu . What happened between you and Minakami ? So which one are you ? Kagura ? Or Ryu ? At the heart of the DNA Investigation System are the surveillance system and the classification system . Why did you do this ? As a doctor , I have seen countless children tortured by their parents . Parents who abuse . Parents who kill . Parents who impose on their child 's future . Parents who end their own lives without sparing a thought for the child 's future . But you know , it 's definitely not the child 's fault . That 's the conclusion I 've reached . Some children have defects the moment they are born into this world . Defects . Then , there 's no value in living . They are trash no matter where they go . That 's why we have to produce more and more capable people like you and Saki . Do you even know what you 're talking about ? No one wants that ... A trailblazer 's ideal is not for common people to comprehend . In this world , God used Adam 's rib to create Eve . The Creator has to eliminate anyone who is against Him . Saki was close to the truth . So I killed her . Isn 't that why we tried our best to correct our mistake ? Things such as dreams and future , anyone can have them . Why did you kill Saki ? She trusted you . Kagura too . Me too . DNA is everything a person is . Feelings and emotions can easily be turned into data . Kagura would understand this . I 've stored Saki 's gene . I wonder what kind of genius will be born if it combines with yours . When there 's DNA , flesh is redundant . You are a sad person . The world you idealize is not what Saki and I hoped for . Once I was your mother . Can you call me " Mom " at least once ? Hand it to me . You saved us when we were about to break . You weren 't wrong . Hand me that gun ! But ... We have to stop you . What ? Thank you for everything . Why ... ? Ryu . He asked me to pass this to you . Ryohei Kagura ? " Ryu . " " This is probably the first and the last time ... " " ... I write a letter to you like this . " " It 's been unfathomable to me all along ... " " that we have the same DNA , " " the same body ... " " and yet you and I ... " " have two separate minds ... " " and lead two completely different lives . " " But now , " " I feel like I know why . " " We didn 't exactly lead two different lives . " " Both of us ... " " were just running away ... " " from the solitude of losing Dad ... " " and the reality of living alone in this world . " " Fate and possibilities ... " " definitely don 't belong to the domain of genetics and science . " " To open up the future ... " " it depends on ... " " one 's self-determination . " " I 'm glad I learned this important lesson . " " Kagura . " Translated by yuizaki _ libra @ livejournal
