 Regarding the upcoming election which is considered to be an important battle between two major parties , the People 's Party and the Liberal Party . The campaign has again grown intense as election day nears . Though polls from many agencies indicates that the Liberal Party , which is the current opposition party , has a historical majority over their rival . However , the newly formed Liberal Party is also fighting back , where Direk , who is the party leader and a former NGO , has anounced he will hold a major speech where he hopes to rally hordes of former allies to come out and support his party as much as possible . Ladies and gentlemen . It is now time for the politics of the people . We have waited for the promises of government after government . Empty promises again and again , which ended up in disappointment every single time . We will not wait any longer ! Is the time ready for us to determine the fate of the nation with our own hands ? Ladies and gentleman , I promise you if I win and I am the Prime Minister I 'll tear down this scandalous nuclear power plant immediately ! Please everyone remember this man 's name , Direk Damrongpapra , the leader of the liberal party and the future Prime Minister of Thailand ! Professor , in your view do you think the culture of corruption has created a crisis point ? Definitely . I 've always stressed that conflict of interest is a tumour in Thai society . It 's eating us from the inside without us noticing . Professor I 'd like to ask what should normal citizens do to cure this illness that 's crippling our society ? Should we sit still or should we rise up to change it ? At the moment Thai society is being stifled by what I 'd like to call " the surplus of righteous disclosure . " What 's that ? We keep babbling on about how everyone should do good things but when I look around I don 't see anyone doing anything good . Thai society is longing for a hero , a hero who can solve our nation 's worst crisis . Come on , I don 't believe in heroes . We keep asking for a hero but have we ever really seen one ? How many times have we put our hopes in a so called hero only for him to turn out to be a crook who robbed our country blind ? I think we should stop fantasizing about heroes or a knight in shining armour . Such a thing doesn 't exist . So what else do you think we can put our hopes in ? We must put our hopes in the power of the individual , in the power inside all of us . I think a hero already exists inside each of us . We all have a hero inside . It 's only up to us to set him free . Who 's that ? Who the hell are you ? Jaran ! Jaran ! Jaran ! What happened ? The government betrayed us ! They sent infiltrators to get us all fighting . Vasana you better run or you 'll be in trouble . I won 't ! The government has to take the responsibility . I 'll go to Bangkok . I 'll sort this out with the prime minister ! You have 5 minutes , Miss Vasana . He has a tight schedule . I won 't take long . What do you want from me ? It 's nothing personal like you may think . I 'm here as an ordinary citizen . Will you cut out the sarcasm ? Say whatever it is you came here to say . I 'm in a hurry . It 's about the nuclear power plant . It 's already out of my hands . It 's the cabinet 's decision . I can 't do anything about it . I know . I 'm not here to beg for your help . I 'm here to ask you about the mob of agitators sent to break up the protest . It wasn 't my order . I know nothing about it . Then who did ? - Who gave the order ? - Vasana , Has it ever crossed your mind that maybe it was an internal conflict in your NGO that lead to the clash ? Every time there 's a new mob you point a finger at the government . But isn 't it true ? You know it in your heart . Didn 't the government take the local committee on an overseas trip ? When they came back they changed sides and became supporters of the plant . Divide and conquer . That 's your specialty . Enough . I don 't want to argue with you . I 'm telling you one more time . As a prime minister I have to see things in perspective . A nuclear power plant is essential . People in the provinces have to make sacrifices for the country . Sacrifices ? How many times have you asked villagers to make sacrifices in the name of national interests ? How about the dams and the coal mines ? If you really think the power plant is safe . Why don 't you build it next to your house ? Are you done ? I have a meeting to attend . Don 't you remember your promise during the election ? I 'm a politician . I have to do whatever it takes to win . Kashen , see her out . Direk , I once had faith in you . You were the hope for all of us . Then one day you disappointed me . But never before have you disgusted me like you just did today . This was the first case three years ago . A watchman opened the warehouse in the morning and found twenty dead bodies . Not a single eyewitness . Everyone there was killed . This guy was Kesha . The boss of the gator gang . He was shot in the knee . His left hand was hacked off . We found ten kilos of heroin stuffed in his mouth . Detective , now take a look at this . The Matulee symbol . Correct . The Matulee is an underground organization . Whose members include criminals and influential politicians . Look at this body . See that ? The Red Eagle . Yes . Every time he killed someone , Red Eagle left that name card on the body . So that everyone knows he did it . Ha , I think this Red Eagle is just a lunatic or a psychotic killer ! Chief just think about it . What person in his right mind would leave his name card on all his victim 's bodies ? This guy has to be crazy . 100 % Crazy . OK , I 'm putting you in charge of the Red Eagle case . Check all of the previous murders for clues . Now this is important , I want a full report on my desk next week ! Next week ? You 've got to be kidding ! All by myself ? Come in . Ah , you 're here . Let me introduce you to Sargent Singh . What was your first name again ? Chantaranantukam , sir . This is Detective Chart Wuttikrai , your new boss . Get acquainted . Chief , he looks like a roti vendor . Excuse me , any progress on the anti-child abduction bill ? Excuse me , excuse me , excuse me . These reporters are a handful . What 's that , sir ? It 's nothing . She must be asking for an exclusive interview . I should ask for something in return . GOOD DAY SENATOR . TONIGHT I WILL TAKE YOUR LIFE . RED EAGLE Stop the car ! Get that fucking bitch ! Go ! Now ! Fast ! Since the 1980 's the amount of nuclear plants around the world has dwindled considerably . Especially in the USA and Europe . Do you know why ? Because in the explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Russia . 30 workers and 300 people were killed instantly . The radioactivity released contaminated the atmosphere over all nearby countries and parts of Europe . The International Atomic Energy Agency found that the radioactive residue from that disaster is still producing effects now , over 200000 people have died as a result . I have no idea where you got your information but right now this country urgently needs to improve our competitive capacity . Energy is our necessary driving force . Let me ask you , if we give up nuclear power , where will we get our energy as the world will soon run out of petroleum ? We 're not being unreasonable but the government claims that the nuclear power plant is our only choice approving its construction without studying the environmental impact in the least . This is what we are protesting against . You 're only good at protesting . So how can the country move forward then ? If we keep moving forward and we 're blindfolded we 'll walk right into disaster . Hey , you 're not a reporter . I know , You 're in the Nuclear Advocacy Committee . We 've met in a debate before , right ? Ladies and gentleman we 've heard the views of Miss Vasana , leader of the network that opposes the nuclear power plant . We 've heard her points about ... There was a man in his mid-40 's wearing glasses like a technocrat who rushed out before the explosion . Do you know his name ? No I don 't . You can check from the registration . Sarge , go check it . Yes , sir . You are ? Vasana . Vasana Tienpradap . Oh yeah , I know you ! Your name rings a bell . You 're the Prime Minister 's fiancee , right ? Ex . Ex-fiance . Oh well , I must have missed the news . Well then what brought the ex-Prime Minister 's fiancee to the opposition camp ? It 's a long story . I have to go to the hospital . Yes of course . - Hey - It 's me sir . Asshole ! You scared me shitless sneaking in like that ! Don 't panic sir . We had our men secure the perimeters of the house . A fly couldn 't even get through . So what the fuck is that ! You talk a load of crap ! I 'm a dead man walking ! The Red Eagle 's gonna kill me tonight . I knew that I should have told the police ! Take it easy , sir . Don 't be serious . Don 't stress out , boss . I 've got a little something to calm your nerves . I 'll leave them for you to take care of . Enjoy yourself boss . I 'll go check our men . Go check the back . I 'll take over here . Yes sir . Send someone to check camera C. Shit ! There 's an intruder ! Damn it ! Go check over there ! Over there ! Over there ! Sawasdee khap Miss Vasana . Sawadee kha , Officer . How are you feeling ? I 'm fine now . I was just hit by a bit of shrapnel . The Doctor said I can go home already . Would you like me to change your clothes ? Thanks I can manage by myself . I have a few more questions about what happened yesterday . Have you got a little time ? If you don 't mind ask me while I get changed . Go ahead . Go ahead , ask whatever you like . I 've checked your record already . Dr. Vasana Tienpradap you have a Geology degree from Harvard . Your family is one of the ten richest in Thailand . Now you 're an NGO concerned with the environment . Correct ? You 've done good work . I hope I 'm not a suspect . I don 't really understand all of this , like why a beautiful rich woman and clever like you would want to get peasants to strike against the nuclear power station . A government worker like yourself would never understand . Thank you , officer . This officer is named Chart ! Lieutenant Chart Wuttikrai . You can call me Chart . If you have any information you can call me anytime . See you later , officer . Sir , sir , sir , there 's a big problem ! Shit some nut must have done this ! Let 's see that card ! Same as before but this time it has your name on it . Hey , how does he know me ? It 's a flash drive , let 's see what 's on it . Sawadee Khap Officer Chart don 't be too surprised . You don 't know me but I know you very well . Senator Somkhoon Wuthisapha really had two faces . In front of the public he pretended to be good , someone who arrested all child prostitution pimps , but in fact he was just pedophile . These kids were kidnapped and tortured . He even killed some kids . No matter what law he broke he was untouchable . I signed his fate myself . My name is Red Eagle . Red Eagle . Unbelievable , he looked quite respectable but in reality he was a devil ! You know maybe we really need a hero like Red Eagle . To get rid of all these scumbags . A hero ? This guy 's a murderer ! He killed a government official ! I 'll never let him get away with it ! I 'll have a showdown with Red Eagle for sure ! It 's been many years since our Matullee secret society had an enemy like him . Everyone has to remember that after the last events we thought we could clear everything up , but in reality the truth is that he 's not dead yet . Our units have reported that that he 's already whacked eleven of our executive members . Many more have received death threats . Our members are worried and demand us to clear this up quickly and let them know it 's done . So now it 's my turn to speak . Red Eagle is the number one enemy of Matulee and we have to finish him off quickly . Yes secretary , welcome . Your excellency and all the members , we must agree at this meeting to get a professional to get rid of him . We have already chosen someone to get Red Eagle . The killer is the Black Devil ! The Black Devil is our secret killer . No one has ever seen his face ! He works fast and leaves no witnesses ! He doesn 't even have a shadow ! His heart is black and he likes to kill ! The weapons he like to use are machine guns and swords ! They 're so sharp that they can cut through steel like butter ! Whoever he kills he decapitates with that sword ! Until now the one he wants to decapitate the most is one person ! Red Eagle ! I am Red Eagle ! Well what 's going on ? Nothing . He 's used a new voice recording program I 've never seen before . I think that the police are always one step behind the criminals . Sarge , can 't we scan that picture ? Yes . OK scan it and send it to criminal records department . The we can try and get a face shot without the mask . That 's the only way we 'll be able to get this nuts identity . OK you get this going and I 'll go pick up some soup . You want pork ball soup ? I 'll go get it . Oh , maybe you can 't eat pork ? I 'm a Sikh sir . So then you can eat pork ? Yes , get it with liver , lots of intestines and two eggs . OK . My client is not guilty . Please get out of our way . The witnesses all changed their statements . This case of murdering the senator only is of interest now to the guy known as Red Eagle . Let 's hear the latest comments from Commander Montri Siriprom from Crime Suppression Division . We have identified the killer . This is the latest murder committed by Red Eagle . He left substantial evidence at the crime scene and we are certain he is the perpetrator of the crime . This is the first time we have been able to identify him from the surveillance tapes that the police have shown us . Though the image is not very clear it can be seen that . Red Eagle is a light skinned male no more than 30 years old about 1.75 meters in height . The police are trying trying to edit the picture to see the face behind the mask . We will inform you of any new developments at once . We 'll move onto another big case now . Yesterday there was an explosion at the opposition party headquarters . Our reporter interviewed Dr. Vasana Tienpadap who as leader of the anti-nuclear power station group was holding a press conference with the opposition leader Mr. Vira when the explosion occurred . In the explosion she was slightly wounded . She was giving a speech when a man whose name we don 't know began arguing with her on the merits of the government program . Suddenly he got up and left . One second later the explosion occurred . That 's right we have to find out who is behind this in the government . We 're not sure yet if there 's something big behind this . We have to check all the investors in their corporations . Yes , there is one person who was an electrical engineer in Finland . If we get all the details we can give it to the press . Then all the local people will understand that these people have been bribed by foreign investors . Thanks , take care of yourself as well . Don 't worry as soon as I 'm done I 'll call you back . Yes . Get in that car if you want to live ! Drive fast ! Don 't you get it ? Hurry up ! I 'm driving , I 'm driving ! Hey , go forward ! Please don 't die . The bullet entered his head under his right eye . And now it 's lodged in this area of the skull which is very dangerous . There 's no way to remove it . I 've never seen a case like it before . It 's really weird that he even survived . Is he still in danger ? When he comes to we can reassess the situation . Up until now he 's OK but when he wakes up he 'll have terrible headaches . He 'll need morphine regularly . I 'll teach you how to do it . It 's not difficult . Hey ? Can you please tell me who is he ? It 's better you don 't know , Vichai . You already promised me to keep this confidential . Don 't tell anyone no matter what . Don 't move don 't make a sound . I have to kill you as you know all of my secrets . Go on , kill me ! I want to see if Red Eagle can kill the person who saved his life . Did you tell the police ? If I did that you wouldn 't even be here now . If I was you ... Keep still . Don 't move . If this happens just keep still ! Hello . Are you feeling well ? Rome ? Rome ? Rome is that you ? Rome , can you hear me ? Rome ? Can 't you even catch an ordinary thief like him ? How can you let this piece of shit come intimidate me . What are all of you doing ? You 're just wasting the taxpayers money ! We 're doing our best already . However , Red Eagle is not an ordinary thief like you think . We just got some more clues . Mr. Pramoon please relax . We 'll clear the whole story up . Relax ? Hey commander how can I relax ? Red Eagle wants me dead . He already killed a senator ! What are the chances for an ordinary guy like me ? I think someone like Mr. Pramoon is not an ordinary guy . Red Eagle just goes after criminals and dirty politicians . Hey boy ! What 's your name ? You don 't know me . The commander knows me very well ! I just need to make one call and you 'll be transferred . Threats ! Are you trying to threaten me ? The phones there , call now ! - Major , calm down . - Call now ! How can you let this officer talk to me like this ? Are you trying to scare me ? If I wasn 't a cop I 'd beat the shit out of you . Commander look at him , he 's intimidating me ! You want to try me ? Are you sure ? Enough ! Both of you stop it ! Mr. Pramoon ! I promise you there 's going to be a 24 hour bodyguard for you . I guarantee you Red Eagle won 't be able to do anything . You 'll see . I swear if anything happens to me I get all of you moved ! Man , who does he think he is , talking to the police like that ? Commander you should have let me punch him just once ! Don 't get mixed up with this guy . He has plenty of influence and he really can get us all transferred . Better we just let Red Eagle kill scum like him . So what should we do next , Commander ? We 'll have to send someone to guard him . Commander , I volunteer for this job . You think that 's a good idea maybe you 'll fight with him . Never mind , I have a plan . I 'll use Pramoon as bait to catch Red Eagle . I 'll get him dead or alive . You know in Thai movies they exaggerate criminals lifestyles , but this is no movie , it 's real life ! Just look at him ! Is everything ready ? Yes , there 's two Humvees parked outside . So we 're ready to get him if he shows up ? Good then go see what 's going on out there . I 'll guard here myself . If anything happens I 'll call you . Yes sir . Red Eagle I hope you really show up . Hey ! All of you get out ! Get out ! Go piss somewhere else ! Get out ! Boss everything 's clear . Please enter . You 're so fucking slow , I nearly shit myself . Don 't let anyone in . Yes sir . Hey ! I said don 't let anyone in ! My arm ! Help ! Sarge , I think he 's here . Something 's going on in the toilet ! I 'm gonna go check it out now ! Red Eagle ! This is the police ! Drop your gun ! - Red Eagle ! - You can 't get away ! We have the whole place surrounded . Drop the gun slowly ! Don 't hurt anyone ! Sarge he 's here . He 's headed up the fire escape now ! - Order the team in now ! - Yes sir . What the fuck is that thing ? There 's a report something 's going on at Ratchada intersection . Get all the teams over there now ! 1.2 Did you hear anything ? 1.21.12 Fucking idiot 's asleep again ! Shit ! It 's fucking aliens ! Call 911 now ! 911 's reported an incident at a department store . Red Eagle 's in there for sure . All units proceed . Check every floor ! If you see him shoot him on sight . 10 of you follow me ! Oy ! He 's there . Red Eagle ! Don 't run away ! Team A follow me down to the lift at the first floor . Team B close all the exits ! Go ! Get ready , he 's coming ! Red Eagle ! Stop ! He 's in the other lift . Get up there fast ! Wait , wait ! He went back downstairs ! Come on , follow me ! Break that door open now ! Oh shit , I 'm fucking tired ! Shit ! Yes ! Is there any other way out ? None at all . There 's only this way . The architects designed it so that the only way out was through the front . There 's no way he can escape . So tell me is this bad guy really Red Eagle ? Then we 'll be in newspapers tomorrow ! Famous ! Famous ! So if you don 't need us anymore here we 're going to check the damage . Come on . Damned salesman . Team B close the front exit . If you see anyone suspicious hold them . Sir , you 'd better come take a look over here . Shit ! Hurry up ! Seal the exit ! Shit ! He got away ! Prime Minister , sir , someone 's waiting to see you . Show them in please . So 100 commandos can 't even catch him ? You look ! Look at my client now ! All beat up like this . So exactly who is responsible for all of this ? I 'm the one responsible for this case . You , how will you take responsibility ? We need 7 more days . I guarantee you I 'll catch him . Really , are you sure ? I 'll give you 7 days then to bring him in . So what happens if you can 't do it in that time ? Don 't you worry . I 'm a cop who keeps his promises and if I fail , I 'll resign . Officer , there 's no need for that . Officer , there 's no need for that . Mr. Pramoon , is there some sort of misunderstanding ? We 're not like the politicians in your pocket . Don 't try to use your influence around here . Hold on , you don 't know who you 're messing with . So you want to have a problem with me ! You dare ! Enough . Enough . Commander , you just wait for my subpoena . I 'm going to sue every one of you because the work you 've done so far is terrible . I guarantee every one of you people in Crime Suppression Division will be transferred . Come on ! Then transfer all of us ! Transfer us ! I 'm not scared of you ! Let 's go , let 's go . Chief ! Excellent ! If I was you ... Get out of here all of you ! Get back work ! When I was a student the teacher liked to ask us , what would you like to do when you grow up ? Of course everyone answered we 'd like to be in the military or the police . When I became a cop it wasn 't like I thought it would be . None of the teachers told us if you were a cop you 'd have to be a servant for all the politicians . If I knew that before I 'd have been a crook . I wouldn 't have to kiss the asses of influential people every day . Sarge don 't you even want one glass ? No sir , I don 't drink . When I think about Red Eagle I still get upset . We nearly had him but he got away ! Hey you want to drink some more or go to sleep ? Rome ? Yeah , I can drink some more . I 'm not drunk yet . Oh , you asshole ! OK Rome get out , we 're there ! This asshole is as drunk as a dog ! Come on let 's go ! Let go of me ! Come on ! I tell you I 'm not drunk . You 've got to be kidding . You drank enough for two people . Man you 're heavy . Hey Chat I can walk by myself . I told you I 'm not drunk , I can walk by myself . We 'll see . I 'll show you I can walk by myself . I 'm not drunk . Oh yeah . Oh yeah . So he 's not drunk , not drunk ? He 's walking straight for sure . What an asshole . He never got drunk like this before . Come on let 's get going . Sir , it looks like you and Rome go back a long time . Yeah , the two of us were in special forces together before . I asked him before but he hasn 't shown up yet . He 'll come for sure as he has to take care of his cold storage business . It was all his father left for him . What a pity . Rome , he was the best in the team . If that never happened before we wouldn 't be in this situation now . What happened before ? It 's a long story , one day I 'll tell you . Stop fighting us ! Where the fuck are the parliamentary police ? We have documents to give you ! Stop fighting us ! Hey , it 's you again ! Surprised ? A bit . Last time you were the plaintiff but this time it 's me . So this time I 'm the accused , right ? Was there any more progress on the investigation into the explosion ? Do far there 's no progress and we have no suspects yet . I would have thought by now you could have finished the investigation and everything would be normal again . I 'm afraid not . This case has now been sent to the Office of Public Security . However , I have been assigned the Red Eagle case . So then what happened ? Have you caught Red Eagle ? Not yet . You seem to be more interested in this case then your own . So what 's the matter then ? Nothing . Just that it 's a big case and everyone 's interested in it . We 'd better get on to the case against you . You 've made some pretty wild accusations so far but you protested outside a government office , obstructed the police and by doing so you could have caused harm to the Prime Minister . Oh , so then why don 't you charge me with terrorism ? You 're pretty sarcastic , aren 't you ? Sir , here are her bail documents . Well , I hope to see you again soon . Thanks , but I hope that doesn 't happen . What 's wrong with me ? Nothing , it 's just that I don 't trust cops because they 're the servants of politicians . Not me . I hate politicians as well . Well , I 'll try to believe that . See you later , Chart . She 's such a beauty but so sarcastic . Hey Sarge , why did you sneak up on me ? It scared me . Forensics sent these pictures of Red Eagle back to us . So how come they 're all blurred ? The original clip had a very low resolution so they couldn 't get anything from it . Shit , so how can we identify him ? He looks kind of familiar to me . Sarge , we 'll have to compare it to all the old criminal records . Anyway , tell Miss Jai and the kids if they go anywhere to be careful because now they want to play hardball with us . I 'm on the way . I should be there in the morning . OK , see you later . Bye bye . Hey Fuck off ! Race yourselves to death ! Bastards ! Shit , maybe I shouldn 't have said that ! Don 't follow me ! Die ! Who does he think he is ? Follow him and kill him ! Kill him ! Rome , don 't ever leave me . Rome . Are you in here ? Rome . Haven 't you quit this stuff yet ? I 'm hooked . Rome . You 're not hooked on morphine . You 're hooked on pain . If a hero can 't help himself then how can he help anyone else ? I 'd like to know who you really are . Rome Wittikrai or Red Eagle ? Even I 'm still confused . Rome , you were so heartless before . You left me and never even said goodbye . I didn 't mean to be like that . I knew you were the fiancee of the Prime Minister . I 'd just split up with him then . After he won the election he changed completely . He became someone I didn 't know at all or maybe he was already like that but I didn 't know it . So I decided to never see him again . So do you still hold that against him or is it something else ? He cancelled the Pali operation and sent a team to kill us . He 's responsible for everything . So how come you took this job ? I think someone like you can get any job . I didn 't choose this job . It chose me . I don 't know but sometimes when I 'm alone I get discouraged and feel helpless . So I 'd ask myself what was I fighting for . All of us are destined to do something . We just play the role that fate has written . That 's all . I guarantee you I 'm the only one in the world who knows who Red Eagle is . But I 'll only tell you when I get 30 million baht . I don 't want to brag but I even touched him once . Had it not been for financial pressures I would never have come to tell you . Look . You don 't mind if I check it then ? What ? What 's this ? Where 's my money ? Are you messing with me ? What are you doing ? No ! What are you doing ? What 's this ? No ! No one can bargain with the Matulee . With our new technology . You 'll reveal all your secrets . You 're not coming with me ? There 's something I have to do first . When I 'm finished I 'll catch up with you . Rome . Promise me , while I 'm away you 'll quit the morphine . Promise me . I promise you . Hang on . I 'd like you to carry this . If anything happens press the button here . There 's a GPS inside . I 'll know where you are . Thanks , Rome . Take care of yourself as well . See you in Chumphon . Analyze these files and see who 's most likely to be the Red Eagle . Fire Cobra . Why didn 't I think of it before ? I sparred with him once . That 's why I got a familiar feeling when I fought Red Eagle . Are you sure ? I 'm sure , Chief . This is Fire Cobra . He looks and sounds a lot like Red Eagle . I 'm confident we 've got our man now . The you 'd better go bring him in and if he 's not Red Eagle we can cross him off our list . The situation is very tense . We 've received several death threats . There 's strangers sniffing around here . There 's been someone making fires at night . Now we have 24 hour security . There 's strangers coming all the time . Thank you , Joi . We 've heard the government is reinforcing all their troops encircling the whole area around here . They 're just trying to scare us . What we have to do is get the media here to cover this as soon as possible . Then the government won 't dare to use any force . Then you 'd better contact the media because no one here knows any of them . Don 't worry that 's my job . But aren 't you scared ? Sure I 'm scared but what can I do ? But what I 'm really scared of is , our nation 's way of life , farming , fishing and agriculture will end up changing drastically . Do much so that it will never be the same again . I don 't know , I 'm not worried about myself . I know everyone has to die . If we don 't fight now what can we give for our children 's future . Detective , working nights ? Yes , I forgot my card open the door , please . Yes , sir . Thanks . Stop ! All of you stop ! Sarge ! Don 't shoot it 's too crowded ! Excellent ! Stop ! Sarge ! Stay here ! - Get out ! - I 'll follow him ! Yes , sir . How can I stop this fucking music ! Shut the fuck up ! Don 't move Red Eagle ! I 've got you ! Raise your hands , slowly . Don 't try anything . Sorry , Detective . Stay here . Stay here . Someone will come help you ! Don 't go ! Red Eagle ! Come back here ! See you in Hell ! Your body won 't look fucking nice ! Tell me where 's Matulee 's lair . I don 't fucking know ! The next one 's for your eye ! I 'll tell you ! I 'll tell you ! Out with it ! The Matulee 's hideout ... Psycho robot ! Vasana , something bad happened ! No ! Jalern ! No ! Oh no ! THE END OF THOSE WHO STALL PROGRESS Sergeant Singh ! Captain Rome . Do you remember Operation Pali ? Who ? Who sent you ? You don 't know ? Operation Pali 's been called off ! The government has sent me to wipe out all the evidence . The government ? Captain Rome , do you remember the scar you left on me 5 years ago ? For years , I 've looked for you everywhere . I devoted myself to Matulee and became the Black Devil . If I thought anyone was you , I 'd cut off his head . I 've done everything . Even disguising myself as a cop to find you ! Finally , I know the truth . You 're the one I was looking for . You , Rome ! You 're the Red Eagle ! You ! You turned me into this ! Today , you have to pay with your own head ! Red Eagle ! You die ! Red ... Eagle ... There 's no way out for you . There 's a time bomb ticking in here right now . It 's gonna blow up soon . We don 't want violence . My fellow citizens . There is a group of individuals who have seized the construction site of the nuclear power plant which is strategic infrastructure of our nation . These people have shown they will use violence to cause damage to state property . In my power as prime minister and head of the cabinet I exercise the powers bestowed on me by the Constitution to declare a state of emergency in the area of the nuclear power plant in Patew District , Chumphon province . I ask all citizens around the plant who are affected by this announcement to remain calm and not to panic . To the citizens who have been misled by false information and have joined the mob which is disrupting peace and security . I ask you to leave the area immediately . Otherwise the government will have to move in by force to break up the protest once and for all . I hereby declare this order as Prime Minister Direk . The anti-riot police has requested permission to use force but they 're concerned that one of the protest leaders is Miss Vasana . What would you like me to do , sir ? Do whatever has to be done . Yes , sir . Chief , have you seen Sergeant Singh ? No , I haven 't seen him this morning . I thought he was with you . No he 's not with me and he doesn 't answer his phone . If you see him tell him I was looking for him . OK . Where the hell is he ? Last night there was a huge explosion at an unnamed cold storage facility . So far we have no information on the cause of this explosion or the number of dead or injured . The police believe this was caused by a short circuit in the electricity . Rome !
