 They 're on their way to you now . We 'll be waiting for them . LINCOLN : Put your hands up . NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : PETER : His name is David Robert Jones . He was looking for a mineral named amphylicite . Enough to blow a hole in the universe . That tracker we had on Jones ? How did he pinpoint the wavelength that quickly ? OLIVIA : Colonel Broyles ? We lost him . - Roger that . You think someone from our team told him ? You have a better idea ? [ GUNSHOT ] - Officer down ! - Who knew ? - We gotta find out . - Hey , Linc . Liv . I 've been blown up before . This is nothing . LINCOLN : What 's going on ? - Captain Lee . He didn 't make it . I don 't like funerals . I never know what I 'm suppose to say . There 's nothing you can say . This isn 't right . Our children aren 't supposed to die before we do . We 're gonna do everything to find who 's responsible and bring them to justice . I give you my word . Thank you . I 'm rather unclear . In exchange for this reduced sentence what do you expect from me ? I believe that David Robert Jones has a mole in the Department of Defense . Among other things someone tipped him off about the location of a prisoner transport which allowed his men to ambush my team and kill my partner . So you 're gonna tell me who tipped off Jones . This is your last chance . One-time-only offer , signed by the secretary of defense . You 're making a mistake . I will find him . And soon Jones and everyone who worked for him will find themselves rotting in a cell just like you . Well , you needn 't worry about me , Agent Dunham . ... because as bad as you think things are now things are gonna get much worse . Can anyone here tell me what we are in the business of doing ? We are in the business of making money . Do you agree , Mr. Delman ? - Yes , Mr. Bauer . BAUER : Can you explain why Hamilton and I had to cancel our flight to Baltimore this morning ? Um , well , uh ... Because ... Because you and your associates failed to finish the presentation . - Yes , Mr. Bauer . BAUER : You 're telling me this company has to forfeit on one of its largest accounts because you didn 't do yourjob . - Is that right ? DELMAN : Yes , sir . Well , then , it should come as no surprise to anyone in this room especially you , Mr. Delman , you 're ... What the hell 's happening ? Let me go ! I can 't move ! Somebody get me down ! [ GRUNTS ] It 's a miracle we made it . You drive like a daredevil . For the 11th time , Walter , I drive the speed limit . Most automobile fatalities occur driving between work and home . - Yeah , so does most driving . - Ascot , look ! It 's my son and his girlfriend . I called your house last night , Peter . You didn 't answer . That 's because I was out . With Agent Dunham , I presume ? Making up for lost time . You wanna let us know what we 're in for ? Well , about an hour ago , two men were killed in this building simultaneously . Witnesses say they were both lifted several feet in the air and driven back down to the ground by some unseen force . They died on impact . The bones in the lower half of his body are completely shattered . - Feel this . - Oh , please , can I ? - He 's dead , Peter . You can 't hurt him . - Not really what I was concerned about . I 'm seeing similar injuries . How come out of this entire building , it happened to these two ? The wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all unrighteous men . Romans 1 : 18 . That 's the theory ? The hand of God reached down from the skies and punished these people for their sins ? One could argue that God kills us all though typically not in such a direct manner . His spinal column is crushed hip bone pushed up through his torso . - All injuries consistent with impact . - Yeah , sure , but from that height the fall couldn 't possibly have produced the velocity to do that . No , you 're right . These injuries would require much more velocity . OLIVIA : So tell me exactly what happened . He was , uh , yelling . And I thought for sure he was gonna fire me . He 's yelled at us before , but not like this . I 've never seen him so angry . And then , all of a sudden , he was pulled up out of his chair by , like , this invisible hand or something . Excuse me . - What you got ? - It 's a laceration of some sort . Could you check the other victim 's abdomen for abrasions , dear ? Yeah . I got one here too . It 's just above the waist . What do you think could have caused that ? WALTER : I 'm not sure yet . A seatbelt . Look at the way the laceration extends across the waist . If these people weren 't in an office , you 'd swear they were in a car crash . OLIVIA : We have a third victim . Broyles just called . Apparently , they found a man who died in his apartment in Brooklyn . His injuries and time of death are consistent with the men here . And he was a pilot . Yes ! Yes ! Yes . The crushed spinal column , the broken femurs . These men 's wounds are consistent with a plane crash . Brilliant , dear . How could these people have been in a plane crash if neither was in a plane ? Right . There is that . Hmm . I might have an idea . ASTRID : Sir , the Other Side was correct . There was a plane crash . - When did it happen ? - Approximately 90 minutes ago . Just after take off , from an airfield in Teaneck . - Casualties ? - Two men and the pilot . You 're just the person I wanted to see . Coordinate with NTSB to take the wreckage and bodies . Yes , sir . - I 've narrowed it down to 108 names . - A hundred and eight names ? Everyone who had operational clearance and would 've known about the transport . I want to initiate background checks and electronic surveillance . You 're talking about investigating our own people . Many of whom work for DOD and outrank both of us . Sir , Jones has been a step ahead of us the whole way . He knew we were coming and moved his entire shapeshifter operation . When we were tracking him , he knew what frequency we were on . Someone inside tipped off Nina Sharp and got Lincoln killed . I understand . But this level of surveillance comes with a lot of red tape . I 'll cut through it . In the meantime , I need you on something else . A charter plane crashed in New Jersey this morning , killing everyone onboard . It also killed their counterparts on the Other Side . - How is that possible ? - I don 't know . I want you to report to the bridge and pick up the other Fringe Division . We 'll be investigating this together . Yes , sir . - Agent Dunham ? Are you ready ? - Uh , almost . Ahem . I like to empty my bladder before a long trip . You do realize we 're just walking through a door ? Better safe than sorry . - We 're ready , sergeant . - Dr. Walter Bishop ? Yes , that 's me . Walter Bishop , Consultant . Place your hand on the screen , please . - Do you have a pacemaker ? - No . Have you been diagnosed with small pox ? - No . - Tuberculosis ? - No . No . - Malaria ? - Are you on any medications ? - Several . Mostly recreational . It 's okay . Per treaty code 5891-J , once you cross over you will be subject to the same laws as any naturalized citizen of the Other Side . - Do you understand ? - I do . COMPUTER : Initiate scan . [ HUMMING ] Scan complete . Walter , you sure you don 't want me to go with you ? I 'm sure , dear . Once Peter receives the bodies at the lab he 'll need your help to examine them . And when I 've collected samples from the bodies on the Other Side I 'll return and we can compare the two . Besides , I 'm sure you lovebirds could use a little time together . - Walter ... - And thank you for trusting me . This is a really big step for me . [ DOOR OPENS ] Ah . My escort is here . By " escort " I don 't mean " prostitute . " - Good to see you . - You too . Shall we ? How is she doing ? As well as can be expected , considering she just lost her partner . She wants to find the people responsible . Yeah , I hope she does . She 's lucky to have your help , Lincoln . Take care of Walter . I will . - Agent Dunham . OLIVIA : Sergeant . - These two are with me . WALTER : What is this ? Uh , it 's a list of hotspots where the damage is the worst . I see . OLIVIA : It 's , uh , getting better , though . The bridge is helping to heal our world . SERGEANT : You 're all set . OLIVIA : Thank you . Oh , Agent Dunham ? Sorry to hear about Agent Lee . He was a good man . Thank you . - I wanted to bring a casserole . - A casserole ? WALTER : Well , in times of grief , people need to eat . But , apparently , it 's forbidden to transport perishables between the universes . Dr. Bishop , do you have a theory how a plane crash in one universe can kill people in the other ? - No , not yet . All our years researching the relationship between the universes Belly and I were successfully able to transport matter from one side to the other even to merge tiny portions of both universes . But it never occurred to us that an event that happened in one universe would cause a reaction in the other . Do you think someone that could have caused this ? On purpose ? - Anything 's possible . Even Santa Claus . LINCOLN : Why ? Think Jones had something to do with this ? Nina Sharp said things were about to get a lot worse and then about an hour later , this happened . WALTER : It 's possible . But if Jones caused this he 's conceived of something Belly and I never did . [ DIAL CLICKING ] [ MACHINE HUMMING ] - What are you looking for ? - Not looking , listening . You hear that ? That 's a perfect G. - A hand . - Heh . I removed it from one of the victims on our side . You couldn 't bring over a casserole , but a severed hand is okay ? Shh , shh , shh . [ MACHINE HUMMING ] WALTER : That 's a G. That 's incorrect . It should be a C. You see , each universe vibrates at its own specific frequency . So everything from this universe would vibrate at a G and everything from our universe at C. Somehow the victims on our side were made to vibrate at the frequency of this universe . So you 're saying that the doppelgängers were somehow linked across universes ? - Yes , it would seem so . OLIVIA : How ? - How were the bodies retuned ? - That 's a good question . - You think that 's what killed them ? - Another good question . I don 't think so . I suggest it was the plane crash that killed them not the retuning , as you call it . But it stands to reason that somehow the events were linked . - Have you recovered the black box yet ? - What 's a black box ? From the plane , the cockpit recorder . Uh , we don 't have that . But satellites record all communication in-flight . WOMAN [ ON RECORDING ] : Two-Eight-Niner , departure radar has you at 8000 feet . Maintain a heading of 220 . PILOT : Idlewild Control , we appear to be running into some turbulence . Request permission to climb another three ... WOMAN : Say again , Two-Eight-Niner . [ STATIC ON RECORDING ] [ MEN SHOUTING ] Mayday ! Would you like for me to play that again ? No . That won 't be necessary . My hypothesis was correct . Whatever merged the frequencies of the two universes , destabilized the aircraft . Whoever 's responsible , must have attached some sort of device to the craft . Okay . Well , what if you 're right ? I mean , why ? It doesn 't feel like an assassination . So , what is it , a threat ? What are they trying to prove ? I haven 't the slightest . - Sorry that I 'm late . - No matter . Gave me time to enjoy my tea . I must say , matcha is one of the few things I 'm going to miss . How did our experiment with the plane go ? Better than we expected . Do you have a preference for this next one ? Surprise me . DIANE : Hey , you . BROYLES : Hey . How was the service ? It was difficult . - I 'm so sorry . - It 's fine . - How 's Chris ? - He 's good . Can 't stop talking about some girl in his class . If I could get him to pay half as much attention to his work as he does to those girls . - Where is he ? - Ha , ha . He 's in the living room . We 've been entertaining your friend . BROYLES : What friend ? Oh , hey , Dad . Hello , Phillip . I 'm just catching up with Christopher here . He really is a remarkable young man . It 's a pleasure to finally meet him . We have protocols for making contact . Showing up in my home isn 't one of them . I see where my showing up unannounced would be worrying . But I wanted to bring this to you personally . I understand it 's a tad overdue . Christopher 's responding extraordinarily well to treatment . It 's hard to imagine that a few months ago he was in constant pain . His eyesight was gone . - That he was ... - Dying . Every parent 's nightmare . DIANE : Christopher , come help me in the kitchen . I certainly don 't envy what you 've been through . You notice the way your wife looks at him . It 's as if she 's witnessing a miracle . But there aren 't miracles . That 's what you 're here to remind me , am I right ? I 'm sure you were dismayed after the unfortunate incident with Agent Lee . I buried an agent today . A good man . And I 'm also well aware that Agent Lee isn 't the first casualty of our collaboration . Someday , I 'll have to account for what I 've done but ... But you can 't lose your boy . Love makes us vulnerable . But it also makes us human , I suppose . Is there anything else ? No . Not yet . But I will be calling on you very shortly . Right here is fine . WOMAN : I 'm going to Liberty Heights . [ HUMMING ] What 's that ? - Did you find everything you were looking for ? - Mm-hm . That 'll be 18.47 . [ GRUNTS ] [ GAGS ] [ DISPATCHER CHATTERING OVER RADIO ] [ SIREN WAILING ] OLIVIA : Astrid , we 're here . PETER : According to the cops , the cab went over the bridge at exactly 6 : 37 . Same time the victim died on the Other Side . [ DOOR CLOSES ] Hello . My team 's online . We 're just standing by . I 'm ready whenever they are . It 's nice to see you again . Yes . Um ... I brought you something . [ GASPS ] Oh , no , no , it 's okay . I got permission . You like it ? I never thought that I was going to taste this again . Oh , here they are . Hello ? OLIVIA : Can you tell Agent Dunham that our victim 's name is Nancy Guerring . According to her Show Me , she is from Malden , Massachusetts . Hey , there you are . Domesticated badgers , really ? As pets ? Okay , come on , Walter . We need you . ASTRID : Olivia , their victim 's name is Nancy Guerring . OLIVIA : Same here . Nancy Elizabeth Guerring . Ask if her left arm is broken . ASTRID : Is her left arm broken ? Yup . Hey , Astrid , can you ask Walter what it is I 'm looking for ? What this device might look like ? Dr. Bishop says that a device this powerful is probably rather large . Uh , Peter Walter says the device could be rather large . Or it might be small . Actually , I don 't think he has any idea what it looks like . I got something . Hold on . We found something . What is it ? Amphylicite . Jones . Have we found a similar device at the crash site ? No . But considering the wreckage , it could have been destroyed . Dr. Bishop , do you have any idea what Jones is trying to do ? He 's done it twice originating once in each universe . So why ? He must have a reason . Of course he has a reason . Problem is , I don 't know what it is . Sorry . It 's been a long day . Maybe after a good night 's sleep ... I think you 're right . Although the pillow I was given last night left me with a terrible crick . Apparently , this universe hasn 't discovered memory foam . Walter , you can stay at my place . I got a spare room . I appreciate that , thank you . And I shall refrain from sleeping naked . Well , that is good to know . Heh . Okay , I 'm gonna get my bag . Colonel Broyles . I wanted to apologize . - For what ? - For snapping at you . It 's not you I 'm angry with . None of what Jones is doing would be possible without the right conditions . I created those conditions by crossing over all those years ago . Had I not done that we wouldn 't be in this situation now . Dr. Bishop . May I ask you something ? Of course . If you had to do it all over again would you make the same choice ? If you had you asked me that question a few months ago the answer would have been no . But now that I have met my adult son , got to know him I don 't know that I 'd do anything differently . [ SIGHS ] [ ASTRID CLEARS THROAT ] Agent Dunham , I ran the names . Cell records , electronic communications . I 'm sorry . What ? The list of 108 names that you gave to Colonel Broyles . He got clearance and asked me to look into them . - You find anything ? - I ran the data twice . There is nothing to implicate any of them . Nothing at all out of the ordinary . Do you want me to run the information for a third time ? No . It 's okay . Thank you , though . Do you wanna tell me what this is ? No . All you need to know is what you 're to do with it . Take it to Liberty Island , to what I believe you call the bridge and affix it to the control panel on the machine . You do realize that machine is healing our worlds ? I do . Need I remind you who I am healing ? No hurry . Anytime before sundown tomorrow should be fine . So your mother tells me you have some good news . I told her not to say anything . She didn 't . That 's all she said . I 'm waiting to hear it from you . So spill it . Okay . So today at recess , a bunch of the guys were playing hitball . And when they started picking the teams , I got picked first . That 's great . No , Dad , you don 't understand . I got picked first . Me . - So who won the game ? - We did . - Now that 's good news . - It gets better . - Really ? - Yeah . So Stacy , this girl in my class told Danny that she likes me . Can you believe that ? Dad , no one 's ever liked me . I 'm glad you had a good day . - Goodnight , Chris . - Goodnight , Dad . Can 't you sleep ? Is the bed too hard ? No , I was sleeping like a baby . Sadly , my bladder was not . [ CHUCKLES ] You 're a lot like her , you know . The other Olivia . She has trouble sleeping too when there 's an open case . It 's not the case . It 's the evidence from Lincoln 's murder . I see . Are you looking for something in particular ? A mole . The night that he died , we were transporting a prisoner and someone must have let Jones ' men know the location of our convoy and then he sent his people to ambush us . I 'm sorry , I don 't usually drink . And my ex , Frank , he left this here when he moved out and ... Are these the rest of Frank 's belongings ? Heh , no . That 's everything that Lincoln had left in Fringe Division . And I am supposed to give it to his parents . And I just can 't face them not until I got something more to tell them . I thought this would give me courage . All it 's done is make me feel a bit sick . Well , I have just the thing for that . Some people swear by hair of the dog but I prefer nature 's sponge , the egg . It won 't be long . I 'm missing something . I know I am , Walter . Then I suggest you sleep on it . Our brains are remarkable instruments . They can process evidence even when we 're not conscious . Yeah , but that 's the thing . There is no evidence . I mean , there is absolutely nothing linking any of the likely suspects to the crime . Then perhaps it 's time to give some thought to the dog that did not bark . I don 't understand . Sherlock Holmes . Fictitious detective . Penchant for cocaine ? - No , not on this side . - Mm . The point is , no evidence is evidence in and of itself . Okay . So , what if our mole is covering his tracks ? Then it would have to be someone pretty high up on the food chain . I mean , someone with enough clearance to alter classified details . How about Colonel Broyles ? [ SCOFFS ] No . Broyles ? No way . You know him better than I do . But in the case of a mole , no one should be above suspicion . Frankly , I 'm still upset about Nixon . I don 't suppose you brought me my breakfast ? Is there a reason for the additional privacy ? I just wanted to tell you in person that we found our mole . We have Colonel Broyles in custody . He told us everything . He won 't be able to set you free anymore . You really have no idea . Phillip is irrelevant . He 's just another pawn . This changes nothing , Agent Dunham . I know Jones . And he will come for me . Perhaps . Unless you 're just another pawn . OLIVIA : She just confirmed it 's Broyles . - For all we know , Nina Sharp is lying . Why would she lie to me ? What does she have to gain ? - Maybe she knew you were bluffing . ASTRID : Agents . I 've been asking around . No one has seen Colonel Broyles come in today . I checked , and his subcutaneous tracker was disabled two hours ago . Should we be worried ? Good morning , sir . Your Show Me , please ? Thank you . - How you doing today ? - Fine , thanks . Sir you are good to go . OLIVIA : Okay . Well , thank you , Diane . I 'm really sorry to have bothered you at home . Bye . Colonel Broyles ' Show Me was just swiped at Liberty Island . - What 's he doing there ? OLIVIA : Bridge is there . The secretary of defense . He could be doing any number of things . Let 's go . [ LOCK BEEPS ] Agent Dunham ? - Did Colonel Broyles come through ? - About 10 minutes ago . Hey ! You haven 't been cleared . Come on . I got your message . Colonel Broyles just turned himself in . He told us everything . I 'm sorry . WALTER : Well , dear , I guess this is it . Thank you for everything . WALTER : Don 't judge him . No one can be certain exactly what they 're capable of how far they 'll go , to save the ones they love . I know this more than most . Keep an eye on this universe , will you ? I 've grown quite fond of it . See , I 'm surprised that you 're not going back with him . I told you I 'd help find the people who killed your partner . And mine . And until we do that , I am not going anywhere . Look , it might not feel like it now but it does get better . [ DOOR OPENS ] Walter . What 's up ? We got here as quick as we could . I know why he did it twice . I know what he 's doing . - Okay . - It was a test . The damage we saw was irrelevant . - He was just taking readings . - What readings ? He wanted to find a common denominator . A frequency that could link both universes . So , whatever he did over there would happen over here . We already know that . No . That was just a start . Had Colonel Broyles uploaded this device into the machine it would make it possible for Jones to do something much worse . Like what ? He could collapse both universes . [ English - US - SDH ]
