 Rex : Finally , you 're going down ! Noah : You 're serious ? Rex : Okay , whoever makes the next shot is the all-time champion . [ Headset beeping ] I 've got a level-two threat in the vicinity . To be continued . Noah : You can lose now . You can lose later . Doesn 't matter to me . Why can 't you just accept that I 'm better than you at something ? And shouldn 't you be in a hurry ? Rex : Relax . It 's only a level two . Oh , wait . That 's right . The lower the number , the worse the threat . You know , they really should change that . Whoa ! Thanks . We got it from here . Rex : Is that you , Beasley ? Here . Now when I show up to save your bacon , you can fry me some . [ Chuckles ] You try fighting these things without some fancy sword popping out of your arm . You could never do what we do . Rex : What , tell people to stand back while I kick evo butt ? Spend some time in our basic training , and you 'll see . [ Laughs ] He wouldn 't last a week in basic . Actually , I don 't think he 'd last a day . See you next time , hot shot . Rex : Hey ! Next time some evo tries to eat your brain , don 't come crying to me . Can you believe those guys ? Noah : Actually , I 've seen the commercials . Providence basic looks tough . I mean , I could handle it . You ? I don 't know ? Rex : Come on . You know I 'd kick your butt . Noah : Says the guy who 's currently 0-42 against me in basketball . Rex : Oh , is that a challenge ? Gentlemen . Gentlemen ! Welcome to basic training ! ♪ So make way to start the revolution ♪ ♪ make way we 're gonna have fun tonight ♪ ♪ make way to start the revolution ♪ ♪ so make way ♪ ♪ so make way to start the revolution ♪ ♪ make way to start the revolution ♪ ♪ so make way ♪ Captain Calan tells me you two want a taste of basic . Rex : Yeah , but not the easy version . We want to be treated no different than any other cadet . All right . All you need to know that 's where we eat , and that 's where we blow stuff up . [ Both gasp ] - Another excellent combat example ... - Rex : Hey , they 're studying me ! Of how a Providence fire team can overcome the tactical deficiencies of this particular special agent . Noah : Very educational . These will be your quarters . Rex : This must be what college is like . But with weapons . This is cadet Kenwyn Jones . If you have any questions , ask her . I 'll check back with you first thing tomorrow morning . Enjoy your stay . Rex : He was really nice . He always is ... On the first day . Noah : What 's down there ? The stone steps . They don 't waste a jump jet on us when we quit . You have to walk . Better turn in . The day starts early around here . Noah : I have to say , this is what I was expecting at all . Rex : I know . This is gonna be a piece of cake . [ Gasps , screams ] Noah : Ah , it can 't be morning already . 12 : 01 A.M. is morning to me . Let 's go ! Rex : [ Yawns ] Grab that bar ! That is Providence property you just abused . Both of you , drop and give me 20 ! Noah : [ Groans ] [ Sarcastically ] He 's really nice . Rex : Hey , try to keep up . You think that was too easy ? Make it 1,000 , both of you . Rex : Yes , sir ! [ Coughs ] No. 1,000 sit-ups . [ Thunder crashes ] Rex : [ Groans ] What 's the matter ? Don 't have a machine for that ? Noah : Try to keep up . 223 , 224 ... Where did you maggots learn to brush your teeth ? ! Did you just mess up my floor ? ! Sick that up and put it back in your mouth ! Noah : 977 , 978 ... Rex : [ Retches ] Did you just mess up my lawn ? ! Hmm . Hmm . Can 't you even disassemble a simple neural-detention grid ? I can do more with one hand than you can do with two extra giant fists ! Rex : Can you just take a break for one minute ? ! My job is to train soldiers . Every minute I spend with you , real Providence cadets are not getting the benefit of my evo-killing expertise . Rex : [ Groans ] Help ! Hello ? ! [ Laughter ] You know what ? This is stupid . We don 't have anything to prove to him . We could be back at your place with a pizza in under an hour . What do you say ? Noah : I 'd say thanks for saying what I 've been thinking every second since 12 : 01 A.M. - Rex : After you . - Noah : Thank you . I 'm thinking we should make it two pizzas . Rex : Yeah . Oh . And hey , not that this is a big deal or anything , but just for future reference , you 're going down first , which means you quit basic before I did . Noah : What ? You were the one who quit first . Rex : No , I just said I wanted to quit first . Big difference . Noah : Unh-unh , no way I 'm letting you beat me at this . I 'm not quitting . Rex : Well , I am definitely not quitting . Better rest up . Tomorrow won 't be as easy . Noah : That was easy ? Compared to what 's coming . Tomorrow 's the start of the toughest five days of basic . Oh , it 's pain week , maggots . If you think you can handle what 's coming , that means you have no idea what 's coming . This is pain week five solid days and nights of training with no breaks to sleep or eat . The goal see who has what it takes to be Providence and make the rest of you maggots quit . Mechanical failure can happen anytime you 're in the air . You have to be prepared . Noah : Uh , we 're not gonna jump , are we ? Nope . We are . [ Alarm blaring ] Your objective ... crash-land this plane . See you on the ground ... Hopefully ! Rex : Did he just ... Noah : Come on . Put me back ! Rex : Into a crashing plane ? I 've worked too hard to become Providence to let you ... Rex : Come on ! Noah : I could do this . It 's got to be one of these thingumajigies . Rex : Time to go . No , I got it . I got it . [ Beeping ] I don 't got it ! Rex : So , what 's a perfect score around here ? You guys give out A 's , or is it more of a 1-to-100 system ? Get back up there and do it again . - Noah : Again ? ! - Rex : But I ... Are you gonna be around every time a Providence jet blows an engine ? The goal was to learn to safely crash-land the plane , so you four are gonna do it again and again until you get it right ! Rex : Hey , anytime you want to quit . Evo anatomy is unpredictable . During a field dissection , you have to be alert . Rex : [ Retches ] [ Growling ] [ Screams ] [ Coughing ] [ Choking ] [ Sobbing ] [ Voice breaking ] I can 't take it anymore . Another one hits the steps . Who 's next ? Noah : Hey , anytime you want to quit . Cadet Rombauer , schedule says you 're up . Time to face the cage . Noah : What 's the cage ? Don 't ! You go down there , and Rombauer hits the steps . [ Growls ] [ Growls ] He 's not gonna die . See that collar ? It restricts the evo 's strength to nonlethal levels . Rex : You don 't understand . That 's Weaver . I drained most of his nanites and left him down a thousand-foot hole in Antarctica . [ Roars ] And it was Providence grunts that pulled him out . At least now he 's useful . [ Electricity crackling ] This is the only way to really know if a cadet has what it takes . Sorry , Rombauer . You know what this means . They 're ahead of us . Rex : Not for long . [ Engine revs ] [ Tires screech ] Noah : Whoa ! Whoo-hoo ! Wonderful . Now they 're way ahead of us . Why are you even here ? What was that about ? Kenwyn 's top kick in our class or was , until you crash and burned her rank . Noah : Okay , Rex , I 'm not gonna say I 'm better than you . I 'm just gonna let you read it for yourself on the board ! Rex : I didn 't come here to ruin your life . I just want to beat Noah at something . Wow . I mean , I 'm only here because Providence saved my family 's life and I want to repay my debt to them . I could really learn a lot from you . Rex : Okay , look , I was just trying to I don 't care . I 'm not gonna let some tourist mess up something I 've worked years for . Rex , you 're up ! Rex : Okay , so maybe , maybe you were a little better than me at some of the other stuff . [ Groans ] But kicking evos in the teeth is what I do for a living . It 's not fair , him going down there with all his powers . How are we supposed to compete with that ? Somebody should do something about it . [ Alarm blaring ] Yeah . Somebody should . Hey , don 't you want to see what 's gonna happen ? Rex : Oh , it 's this guy again . What do you know about this evo ? Rex : I know I already kicked his butt once this week . Well , then I guess I 'm gonna have to find you a more suitable challenge . Cadet Jones , hold up . Change of plans . I sent Rex to the demo rotation . You 're up now . - You got a problem , cadet ? - No , sir . You can handle this . You 're Providence . [ Growls ] [ Growls ] [ Croaking ] Ice that evo ! I can 't ! The collar 's dead ! Rex : All right ! So , what am I supposed to blow up ? Guess that answers that . Noah : Rex ! He can handle himself . I need all of you . We still got a cadet down there . But we 're unarmed ! What you are is Providence , and we never leave a man behind . Form a perimeter ! Don 't let them get behind you ! [ Trumpets ] Noah : Here they come . Rex : I don 't know if you remember me , but we 've actually met before . Okay , you remember . Here . Don 't let them get out ! [ Screams ] Noah : He 's still breathing . We need another way up . The door sealed when the control panel was smashed . We got no way out ! Noah : Come on . Form a perimeter . Don 't let them get behind you . [ Gun clicking ] You should have left me down here . Noah : We 're Providence . We never leave a man behind . But this is my fault . I 'm the one who ... Noah : Can we talk about it later ? If there is a later . Rex : Don 't know how you got out , but now you 're going back . He needs help . Noah : So does Rex ! Look ! He 's too busy getting hit to hit them back . He 's right . We got to draw their fire so Rex can go on offense . But we don 't have any weapons ! That 's why we have to distract those things so Rex can use his . That 's insane ! Maybe , but it 's what Providence grunts are trained to do . We do our job so he can do his . I get it now . Noah : [ Screams ] Go ! Everyone , we 've got to regroup ! We can do this ! [ All grunting ] Noah : Kenwyn ! [ Groaning ] My fault . I-I messed with the collar . - I ... - Rex : Forget it . Sometimes when you want to be number one bad enough , it can make your brain stop working . Noah : What do you say we call this a tie ? Sir , you should know I was the one who Rex : Yeah , yeah . We all know you were the one who saved the day by pulling all those evos off me . Doesn 't mean you should get two medals . And here I was thinking I had misjudged you . Rex : Really ? You think I could hack it here ? Not a chance . You , maybe . Now both of you , hit the steps . And keep up the good work . Rex : You know , this has actually made me appreciate all the stuff the grunts do . Noah : Yeah . Rex : And it also made me appreciate how I will never do anything like this again . Noah : I don 't know . I think maybe someday I might . Five bucks says I beat you to the bottom . Rex : Make it 10 .
