 - Is this St Louis ? - Once . Now we call it " Defiance . " This town , it 's a nice place to live . So I keep hearing . So , my lawkeeper told me that he found you and the Irathient girl in the Badlands . She 's my daughter . Your daughter ? I have to thank the owner of McCawley Mines , Rafe McCawley , and his children , Luke , Quentin and Christie . I 'm going to gather up some muscle and pay Rafe McCawley a visit . Our son is in love with the McCawley girl . Would it not be something if Alak and Christie actually got married ? What 's going on , Luke ? What have you got going ? I 'll be home for dinner , okay ? Luke was murdered ? Whoever did this , we 'll find him . You killed my son ! No ! Hey ! Everybody needs to leave . They 're coming . They 're planning to attack right after dark . Fire ! Shtako ! Yeah ! How many dead ? Forty-one . Seal the bridge . You shtako-coward ! Elah Bandik of Yuke liro . The honourable Datak Tarr of Shanje liro accuses you of cowardice . Do you deny this charge ? I do not . Seeming is being . How I act is how my liro is perceived . Then your cleansing ceremony will begin now . What are they doing ? It 's a Casti cleansing ceremony . It looks like torture . Yeah . I thought we left that stuff behind in the Badlands . Okay ! All right , that 's enough . That 's it . You 've had your fun , now you cut this man down . This man is a deserter . He threw down arms and ran from the Volge . This man was brave to pick up arms in the first place . Plenty of men lose their nerves the first time in combat . Not Castithans . In the laws of our god RA-yet-so , running from battle reflects upon the brothers of your liro , or caste . This man , Elah Bandik , has taken the honour of every Castithan in Defiance . This man ? This little man has taken the honour of every Castithan in Defiance ? Not that my people have to explain our religion , but we do this for Bandik 's own good . I 'm sure . Without this ritual , his FE-sho will be denied passage to the afterlife . I don 't care . I 'm shutting it down . No . Don 't ... Please . I have no choice . I must do this for my family . Now , you cut that man down or I 'm dragging every one of you in ! - And I 'm starting with you . - What 's going on here ? Madame Mayor . I hope you 've come to put a muzzle on your new lawkeeper . Our understanding with your predecessor dates back to the founding of this town . Do you intend to dismantle that understanding three weeks into the job ? I respect Castithan tradition much as Mayor Nicky did . Keep this ceremony confined to the Hollows . Of course , Amanda . Call me Mayor . Put your gun away . Come with me . I 'm sorry . You seemed upset . I 've seen worse . They 're not dickering over the price of a roller , they 're torturing a man to death ! Nolan . You 're from the outside . I can imagine what this looks like . I 'm not sure you can . Do you ever wonder why we have so few Irathients in Defiance ? What the hell does that have to do with anything ? About eight years ago , when Defiance was first founded , we had well over a thousand . But for some reason , they didn 't believe in vaccinating their kids . Mayor Nicky saw Irathient kids dying for no good reason . So they wrote mandatory vaccinations into the town charter . Deputies went from house to house inoculating Irathient children by force . The Irathients took up arms and there was an uprising . What happened ? They had clubs , we had Vo-Tech blasters . What do you think happened ? Some were killed and the rest left . After that , the town council informally decided to allow the eight races to honour the traditional values of their own people . All right . You look me in the eye . You tell me you think what 's going on back there is right . It 's necessary . You 're not gonna stop this ? No , I am not . I 'm not prepared to shoot up an entire town to rescue a man who says he doesn 't want to be saved . Besides , the Lady Mayor promised she 'd try and fix it . Promises are shtako . Well , it depends on the person making the promise . Let 's just take a beat , see what the Lady Mayor 's word is worth . Time to wake up , Ben . Vri-tex ? You could have killed me with this ! My priority was to keep you from talking . I wouldn 't have betrayed you . Well , that 's good , given what would happen to your family if you did ... Yeah . Or if you fail a second time . Ah . Okay . A second time ? I did everything you said . I blew up the stasis net . And yet the Volge were defeated and the town is still standing . They beat the Volge ? - How ? - It doesn 't matter . Do you remember the old plan ? Uh ... The mines ? But couldn 't that destroy the very thing you 're trying to find ? I have faith . You do as you 're told . No , no , no . I can 't go through this again . I didn 't sign up for this ! You signed up for whatever it takes , Ben . Hey , Dad . Decided to come home ? I saw you at the service for Luke yesterday . I didn 't know what to say , so I ducked you . That was wrong . With Luke gone , we need to set aside the small stuff and pull together . Oh . You agreeing to marry Datak 's kid , that 's the small stuff I 'm supposed to put aside ? Come on , Dad . Accept the olive branch . Let 's eat . How am I supposed to eat when all I can see is that haint ... Don 't use that word . That Castithan putting his hands all over you ? You think that 's what your dead brother would have wanted ? What he wanted doesn 't matter any more . It 's about what we want . I 'm in love with Alak Tarr and I want to marry him . Yeah ? Well , I want you to call off this wedding and come home . And if I don 't ? If you walk out that door again , there 's no coming back . Dad ... Since Mom died , Christie 's the only one been holding this family together . And the one time she does something you don 't like , you turn on her . - Oh , but Luke ... - What about Luke ? Your brother was a good man . Then why was he meeting alone in the woods with Ben Daris ? The guy who brought the Volge down on us ? McCawley . I 'll be right there . Quentin ! Get the roller . There 's been an explosion at the mine ! Your deputy 's gonna be fine . But there 's no sign of Ben Daris . They took a hell of a chance busting him out in broad daylight . Whoever jump started him used Vri-tex , dangerous drug , used in combat medicine . Could be ex-military . Mmm-hmm . Quentin McCawley just hailed . There 's been an explosion at the mine . There you are ! Your friend Ben Daris attacked one of my guards and stole a bunch of gulanite and went underground . He blew the L-9 shaft behind him so we couldn 't follow . This is on you , Amanda . And you let my son 's murderer get loose . We 'll get him back . How many miners did you have in the shaft ? None . This shaft 's abandoned . It leads down to Old St Louis . Old St Louis ? When the alien terraformers went crazy , most American cities were obliterated . But something strange happened with St Louis . The terraformed earth folded over the city , and hardened before crushing it . Some sections of the city are still intact , more or less . Something 's still not right . What do you mean ? Well , with the stasis net down , what was to stop Ben escaping through the pass ? Why trap himself underground ? Well , he stole 20 kilos of gulanite . Wouldn 't take more than two to blow that tunnel . All right , so that 's 18 kilos left . That 's enough to make a big bomb . Yeah , not enough to do anything to Defiance . Not from down there , anyway . He can tell us who 's behind the Volge attack . We need to go after him . So how long to clear this ? - Four hours , minimum . - No , too long . We need another way down . - Here . What 's that ? - The Rat 's Nest . It 's a maze down there , not to mention razor-sharp rocks and steep dropoffs . Nobody bothered to map it since the L-9 's always bigger and safer . The map 's in my head . I discovered the Rat 's Nest . It 's our best chance to get ahead of Ben Daris . Quentin , go find Nak , and Levon , and a couple others , and break out some rappelling gear . No way . Absolutely not . Mmm-mmm . It 's my tunnels . It 's my men . It 's my rules ... Yeah , how do I know you 're not gonna find Ben and shoot him ? My word . Or is that all of a sudden not good enough for you ? I 'll tag along with him and keep him honest . No , no , no , no , no . Listen , you 're no miner . It 's too dangerous . I 'm not gonna get saddled with some topside flatfoot . No offense , but I 've done rougher descents during the war looking for underground bunkers . Twenty scrip says my boots hit the ground first . It 's your ass . No matter what , you 've gotta make sure that he doesn 't kill Ben . The man did kill his son . If it had been me ... I know , but we need him alive for questioning . Our first priority is protecting this town . I 'll bring Ben back alive , I promise . Nolan ! Don 't risk your life for these people . They 're not worth it . Some of them are . I need you to stay here and help Tommy figure out who set our fugitive free . And you are to stay far , far away from Elah Bandik . You hear me ? Everyone 's talking about the Elah Bandik situation . Don 't start with me , Stahma . It 's one of our old laws . It 's a new world . A new world . The humans find this sort of thing unseemly . I don 't care what the humans think . But their opinions matter . If they 're against us , we 'll never be able to take control of the McCawley Mines . I 'm thinking about our son 's future . Think of your life back on Casti . You were at the bottom liro , the lowest caste . Your life was degradation and poverty . Is the Castithan way really something you 're eager to preserve ? It is now that I 'm standing on top pissing on those below ! What 's going on ? It 's Christie . Rafe McCawley 's messing with her mind . I don 't know what 's gonna happen . We may have to cancel the wedding . Oh , honey . Rafe McCawley needs a bullet in the head . - Dad ! - He doesn 't mean it . Oh , I do . You know what the hot water does to your father 's disposition . Mother will take care of everything . Oh . You got a fix on that gulanite he 's carrying ? Yeah , I do and he 's not far . Let 's go and nail the bastard . Welcome to Old St Louis . It 's about time I got my clutter out of here , give you a chance to put your stamp on this office . And now that I 'm retired , I 'm thinking of taking up golf . Oh , I once had a three handicap and no one can say I didn 't because there 's no one around except me who remembers the damn rules . Poor bastard . He 's been up there for three hours , hasn 't he ? I hate this , Nicky . I really do . We have a town charter and we haven 't followed it for years . It has to stop . Castithans are tricky . They 're obsessive about their past , who their ancestors were , what liro they were born into . And they build their lives around ancient traditions that may once have had a purpose , but none of them can agree on what it was . They sound a lot like us . They 've lost their past . It blew up when their planet did . These sad little displays in the street , it 's all they 've got left . You try to take that away , it 'll be the I-raths all over again . I don 't believe that . Defiance has changed a lot in the last five years . Look , we came together to fight the Volge and won . Now , I think we 're building a bigger identity that 's greater than human or I-rath or Casti . I 'm going to miss you . Birch ... Did chivalry die in the Volge attack ? What 's Ben 's status ? He 's underground and on his way . We need to leave town now . It should only take him two more hours to reach the target . Well , he was injured . He may fail . He 's motivated . I made sure of that when I woke him up . I 'll take your word . But before we leave , there are a couple of folks I want to say goodbye to . You let yourself get too close to these people . I grew up with them . I saw their babies being born . Saw them raised . What I do , I do for the benefit of all of us . And because it must be done . I take no pleasure in this , Birch . You know that . I know . I just ran out of time , that 's all . No matter how much you get , it 's never enough . - You okay there , old timer ? - I 'm fine . All right , let 's take a break . Yeah , well , don 't stop on my account . I need water . All right , everybody , take five . Jefferson Park . I haven 't been here since I was ... Nine ? You were a local ? Yeah . I gotta admit , though , it 's all a bit hazy . I do get the feeling my folks and I used to eat around here somewhere . Probably Golden 's , on the far side of the park . That sounds right . Best toasted ravioli in the state . Yeah . Pretty good gooey butter cake , too . Now that I remember . Right up there with penicillin for the world 's greatest inventions . I used to take Luke there when he was ... Maybe three . So , what about your family ? What did they do before Arkfall ? Dog food . Dog food ? My family made dog food . Wait . McCawley . Your old man was ... - Yes . - ... Chow Down Brown McCawley . How did that jingle go ? I ain 't singing it for you . Healthy pups can 't get enough They never wear a frown ... Forget it . It 's not happening . 'Cause it 's Chow Down time Chow Down time It 's always Chow Down time ... Man , I cannot see you in the dog food business . Well , I wanted to be a photographer . Sports stuff . Some bikini stuff , just for fun . Why didn 't you stick with it ? Well , I shot terraformed landscapes for a while , but gave it up . Too depressing . All it did was remind me of everything that the aliens took away . Yeah . So , look , Rafe , I wanna be clear . This Votan we 're chasing ... The one that killed my boy ? Is that the Votan we 're talking about ? We need to bring him back alive . You know that , right ? I don 't know any such thing . Predicting the future 's a sucker 's game . You don 't believe me , just take a look around you . This is no place for a child . I-rath ! Bitch ! Elah Bandik is under arrest . For what ? Loitering . The signal 's getting stronger . Wherever he is , he 's close . I don 't remember those towers . It 's a nuclear plant . Went up during the war . If Ben detonated the gulanite in one of those reactors ... The radiation would get up through the tunnels in the Rat 's Nest . The radiation would kill everybody . Penny for your thoughts ? That is what you humans say , yes ? My brother collected pennies . The very old kind . He said the copper used to be worth more than the coins themselves . You were just thinking of him , weren 't you ? It is our duty to live our lives to the fullest , to honour those who have passed . Which is why I was surprised to hear you 're having second thoughts about the wedding . I just want to slow down . Take a pause . Your father 's putting that much pressure on you , is he ? He 's sort of a jackass . Most men are . It 's a characteristic that transcends species . You can fight him if you want to . I don 't think I can . Just before I left my home world , my parents went to great lengths to ensure that I married a man that they deemed suitable . At my side was a stranger . Not very handsome , but he came from the highest liro and he was a man of great honour . My parents believed this man of great honour would keep me safe . What happened ? I met someone else . He was a scruffy young nobody , beautiful , dangerous , a wicked smile . He 'd won passage to Earth as payment for a gambling debt . Datak . He pursued me . Aggressively . My betrothed was furious . He challenged Datak to a Castithan blood duel . So they fought . They never got a chance . On his way to the duel , my man of great honour was accidentally flushed out of an airlock . It was a tragic accident . How do you get accidentally ... Datak was a man I knew loved me beyond scope of reason . He was a survivor . A man who would stop at nothing to keep us both safe . I understood the man I needed in a way my parents could not . Is this a true story ? It 's going to be a beautiful wedding . - Watch your step . - Keep your eyes open . That 's it . Stay together . - I haven 't been here in a long time . - Still nothing ? Uh-uh . - Is that it ? - That 's it . Bomb 's deactivated . - Good . - Hey ! Hey ! We need this guy alive if we 're ever gonna find out who the hell is behind all this . You want to avenge Luke , I get it . Rafe , you 've got Christie and you 've got Quentin sitting at home and someone is doing their damnedest to destroy the town they live in . You know Luke begged for his life like a little girl . - Hey , we need answers from this guy . - I know what I 'm doing , lawman . Do you wanna know why he was helping me ? Hey ! What ? You trying to die for the cause ? It was because he needed money so he could get away from Defiance and get away from you . - Rafe ... - That 's what 's so laughable about all this . You came down here to avenge poor ole Luke and he hated your guts ! I mean , after what you did to his mother ... - Shut up ! - Hey ! Now , you can do the right thing by your dead child or you can do the right thing by the two living ones . But you cannot do both ! Now , you make your choice right now ! Tell Amanda I 'm sorry . It 's pretty quiet out there . The Mayor said she 'll be right over . Maybe we 'll be all right . They 'll come for him . This was a mistake . You were stupid to help me . You made a move and I backed you up . That 's what lawkeepers do . Clancy taught me that . You were stupid to listen to him . Shtako . - How many ? - I can see Datak and that Bio-man . You , go around the side . Hand over the coward . I 'm afraid we can 't do that , FA-vi Tarr . This is a Castithan matter and will be handled by Castithans . If you take another step , my first bullet kills you . Charming girl . Now , we can go around you or through you . The choice is yours . All right , get Levon in to the doctor . All right , Rafe . That 's enough , Datak . Irisa and Tommy are acting under my orders . I 've decided to pardon Elah Bandik of all violations of Castithan law . Well , you don 't have that power . Well , if you take him , you 're going to have to shoot up this office and kill me . What do you suppose is going on in there ? Nothing good . Nak , you 'd better come with us . - It 's not your fight , Rafe . - I owe you one , Nolan . So , what 's it gonna be , Datak ? Pointless bloodshed , or are we going to work out our differences together , peacefully ? Madame Mayor , your passion has touched my heart . We are indeed one community . Enough blood has been spilled . Tonight , let us bury our dead with dignity . And later , who knows ? Perhaps we can revisit these cultural differences with cooler heads . I 'll see you at the wedding . Appreciate the help , Rafe . That could 've gone badly . It would 've been cleaner if it had . I gotta go check on my man . Amanda . Let 's go , Nak . Come on , I 'll walk you home . You know it 's not over with Datak . I know . Where 's Ben ? Dead . He did say to tell you he 's sorry . Aren 't we all ? The town 's safe , for the moment . I 'll take it . You can give me the details later . But for now , I 've got 41 people to bury . So , what 'd you do , bust him out ? I don 't like chains . You did the right thing . Amanda helped . Wow . So we were right to trust her . Are we ever gonna make it to Antarctica ? Antarctica 's not real , kid . - You sure of that ? - Nope . No . But this town is . I 'm sure of that . Tonight we gather to honour the 41 souls who gave their lives to save this town . They were our mothers and fathers , husbands and wives , brothers and sisters . But to us , they were heroes . Thank you . For letting me have some time with my family . Of course . What you 're doing is brave and honourable .
