 ♪ music prologue , prologue , we 've been in utah we 've been in utah for a couple of weeks now , for a couple of weeks now , but it 's just a stopover . but it 's just a stopover . but it sure is beautiful but it sure is beautiful up here . up here . i don 't know if this probably doesn 't do it justice , but there 's 11 of us now , but there 's 11 of us now , which is good . which is good . we broke down the campsite we broke down the campsite this morning this morning and we 're about to and we 're about to hike off the mountain . hike off the mountain . it 's taken me a lot longer it 's taken me a lot longer to get this done to get this done than i ever expected , than i ever expected , but here it is . but here it is . enjoy . excuse me , sir , ma 'am . i was wondering if by any i was wondering if by any chance you heard of a company chance you heard of a company called life tracker limited ? called life tracker limited ? it 's okay if you haven 't . it 's okay if you haven 't . i read about them i read about them on the internet . on the internet . i 'm just out asking people i 'm just out asking people what they might think about ... what they might think about ... no , no , no , no , no , no , no . no , no , no , no , no , no , no . sorry , no english . sorry , no english . hi , i was wondering hi , i was wondering if i could ask your opinions if i could ask your opinions about a news story about a news story i read today ? i read today ? absolutely . absolutely . when in rome , right ? when in rome , right ? absolutely . absolutely . on the news . on the news . excuse me , ladies . excuse me , ladies . have you by any chance have you by any chance heard of a company heard of a company called life tracker limited ? called life tracker limited ? [ laughing ] [ laughing ] have you heard that have you heard that a company called life tracker a company called life tracker thinks they can use dna thinks they can use dna to predict the future ? to predict the future ? no . no . this is the palm reading this is the palm reading of the 21st century . of the 21st century . i don 't know . i don 't know . i mean it could be possible . i mean it could be possible . wait , am i supposed to look wait , am i supposed to look at you or the camera ? at you or the camera ? i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry . wait , what are you asking ? wait , what are you asking ? oh , sure . oh , sure . they 've been looking at they 've been looking at people 's dna for years people 's dna for years to try to stay ahead of anyone to try to stay ahead of anyone that poses a threat that poses a threat to the political machine . to the political machine . they say they can analyze they say they can analyze a strain of dna sort of like a strain of dna sort of like a timeline . a timeline . i 'm not really comfortable i 'm not really comfortable with the ... with the ... what if knowing your future what if knowing your future could change it ? could change it ? like in back to the future ? like in back to the future ? you know how easy it is you know how easy it is to get dna nowadays ? to get dna nowadays ? i mean from like i mean from like a discarded cup a discarded cup from a fast food joint from a fast food joint or hair or ... or hair or ... period blood . period blood . good one , honey . good one , honey . dad . dad . you 're implying you 're implying that someone is doing tests that someone is doing tests on used hygiene products ? on used hygiene products ? not just someone . not just someone . the president . the president . but if your dna knows but if your dna knows your future then it would have your future then it would have already factored in already factored in that you found out you future . is it hard to make a movie ? now , son , now , son , what did i say about what did i say about talking to strangers ? talking to strangers ? not after you learn how . not after you learn how . how can i learn how ? how can i learn how ? if you know you know if you know you know and you can 't change it . and you can 't change it . if all of a sudden aliens if all of a sudden aliens came out of the sky it would change how people thought about things , thought about things , which would lead to change . which would lead to change . do you have a camera at home ? do you have a camera at home ? yeah , i 've got a camera . yeah , i 've got a camera . uh-uh . uh-uh . uh-uh . uh-uh . no , you know what ? no , you know what ? i think we 've had just about i think we 've had just about enough of this interview . enough of this interview . is this going to be is this going to be on tv somewhere ? on tv somewhere ? [ clock ticking ] [ clock ticking ] i came across i came across a news story i thought a news story i thought was pretty interesting . was pretty interesting . so , i decided to go down to so , i decided to go down to hollywood boulevard hollywood boulevard and shoot a little , and shoot a little , just play around . just play around . i thought maybe i 'd get a i thought maybe i 'd get a reaction from somebody who ... reaction from somebody who ... hey , dillon . hey , dillon . hey , dil . hey , dil . what are you shooting ? what are you shooting ? just an intro just an intro for some interviews i did . for some interviews i did . it 's going to look like crap it 's going to look like crap with you shooting it with you shooting it all by yourself . all by yourself . ohh , hello beautiful . ohh , hello beautiful . get that out of here . get that out of here . just take my help . just take my help . i 'm here . i 'm here . i 'm already framed up . i 'm already framed up . all right ? all right ? action . action . i 'm dillon smith i 'm dillon smith and this morning and this morning i read an article i read an article about a company about a company that says they can use dna that says they can use dna to predict the future . to predict the future . so , i 'm headed down so , i 'm headed down to hollywood boulevard to hollywood boulevard to see what people think . to see what people think . blah , blah , blah , blah , blah . blah , blah , blah , blah , blah . dillon , dillon , we 're so proud of you , honey . we 're so proud of you , honey . all right . all right . all right . all right . it was good , buddy . it was good , buddy . but if you want someone but if you want someone with a little charisma to host your documentary ideas there 's always me , there 's always me , scott orenhauser . scott orenhauser . oh , yeah . oh , yeah . 'cause you have charisma 'cause you have charisma pouring out of your veins . pouring out of your veins . you know it , you know it . you know it , you know it . bye , dillon . bye , dillon . catch you later , dil . catch you later , dil . we 're proud of you , honey . we 're proud of you , honey . later , guys . later , guys . ♪ music so , scott is always so , scott is always talking about this grant talking about this grant that they give that they give to documentary filmmakers . to documentary filmmakers . it 's called the clemens grant it 's called the clemens grant and it 's a big cash prize and it 's a big cash prize and tons of sponsored equipment and tons of sponsored equipment to use as finishing funds to use as finishing funds for your feature length for your feature length documentary . documentary . i don 't know if it 's jealousy i don 't know if it 's jealousy that 's getting my ass in gear that 's getting my ass in gear or if i 'm just sick of or if i 'm just sick of listening to opportunity knock listening to opportunity knock and not answering . and not answering . so , i went back so , i went back to the footage that i shot to the footage that i shot a couple of weeks ago a couple of weeks ago and it 's bad , and it 's bad , but i looked up the story but i looked up the story and there 's more news . and there 's more news . what i 'm about to show you what i 'm about to show you is the video is the video of richard ' rocko ' hutchensen . of richard ' rocko ' hutchensen . he 's the coo he 's the coo of life tracker limited . of life tracker limited . interesting character , interesting character , to say the least . to say the least . regular howard hughes . regular howard hughes . video already has video already has over 300,000 views . over 300,000 views . if you 're watching this if you 're watching this video it 's probably because video it 's probably because you heard something you heard something just crazy enough just crazy enough to make you google it . to make you google it . we can predict the future . we can predict the future . ooh , magic . ooh , magic . no , it 's not . no , it 's not . don 't be a jackass . don 't be a jackass . this is science . this is science . everyone told galileo everyone told galileo he was a whack job he was a whack job when he suggested when he suggested the sun stars didn 't revolve the sun stars didn 't revolve around the earth . around the earth . but he had science on his side but he had science on his side and now we know that and now we know that we 're un-special cosmic dust we 're un-special cosmic dust at the edge at the edge of a puny galaxy far , far away of a puny galaxy far , far away from the center from the center of the universe . of the universe . what we 're talking about here what we 're talking about here is a scientific way is a scientific way to look at dna to look at dna as a biological timeline as a biological timeline of a human 's life . of a human 's life . i could explain it i could explain it in more detail , in more detail , but you 're not going but you 're not going to understand it . to understand it . put it this way , put it this way , your body knows your body knows and documents things and documents things that we 're never that we 're never consciously aware of . consciously aware of . until now . until now . we made these discoveries we made these discoveries over seven years ago , over seven years ago , but we were shuffled but we were shuffled into the depths into the depths of the legal system of the legal system and our tongues were tied . and our tongues were tied . now , freedom of speech now , freedom of speech has prevailed . has prevailed . kind of . kind of . powers that be still say powers that be still say you 're too stupid you 're too stupid and irresponsible to know and irresponsible to know about all of our discoveries . about all of our discoveries . they 're probably right , they 're probably right , but who made them the bosses ? but who made them the bosses ? would ... mako garden apartments , can i help you ? even the press secretary made a statement about him . made a statement about him . all right , check this out . all right , check this out . says , " not enough information says , " not enough information " exists to prove the accuracy " exists to prove the accuracy " of such a tool . " of such a tool . " foods , drugs , " foods , drugs , " medical processes , " medical processes , " and new technologies all " and new technologies all " have to be rigorously tested " have to be rigorously tested " before public use . " before public use . " it is a government 's " it is a government 's " responsibility " responsibility to protect its citizens . " to protect its citizens . " uh-huh . uh-huh . wait . wait . wait a minute . wait a minute . you see that ? you see that ? wait a minute . wait a minute . so , this information so , this information is in my own blood and i 'm not allowed to know about it ? to know about it ? exactly . anything more than a glorified hotel room , than a glorified hotel room , you know , as an apartment . you know , as an apartment . no offense , dil . no offense , dil . none taken . none taken . yeah . yeah . and i drive 1987 nissan and i drive 1987 nissan pickup truck pickup truck with 290,000 miles on it , okay ? with 290,000 miles on it , okay ? i rely on you guys for weed . i rely on you guys for weed . i don 't own squat . i don 't own squat . and now i don 't even and now i don 't even own my dna ? own my dna ? pretty much . pretty much . where are you going ? where are you going ? welcome to america , buddy . my wonderful boyfriend didn 't get me a beer . didn 't get me a beer . you didn 't say you didn 't say you wanted one . why they would want this stopped . want this stopped . here we go . here we go . no , i 'm serious . no , i 'm serious . okay . okay . what if mr. walk the walk , what if mr. walk the walk , talk the talk . talk the talk . me ? me ? you . you . okay . okay . mr. schmooze over here mr. schmooze over here found out that found out that all of his ass kissing all of his ass kissing and networking functions and networking functions were completely pointless were completely pointless because he found out because he found out from his print from his print that he was going that he was going to get cancer and he was going to die in a year ? in a year ? what then ? what then ? why not just give up ? why not just give up ? why not just , why not just , bam , end it early ? bam , end it early ? oh , now , oh , now , that 's some deep shit that 's some deep shit right there . right there . thank you . thank you . yeah . we 're talking about scott here . about scott here . it 's not that deep . it 's not that deep . oh , cheers . oh , cheers . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] ouch . ouch . oh , dang , baby . oh , dang , baby . you are sexy you are sexy when you 're feisty . when you 're feisty . careful though . you might confuse drake 's sexuality . drake 's sexuality . just let me suck it once just let me suck it once and i promise you 'll like it , and i promise you 'll like it , buddy . buddy . [ laughing ] it 's not going to suck itself . let 's go . let 's go . all right . all right . all right . all right . okay , change the subject . okay , change the subject . banana . banana . all right . all right . all right . where did you even get that from ? get that from ? [ laughing ] but what about the good that it could do ? what about the other side of the coin ? of the coin ? this is your life , this is your life , dillon smith . dillon smith . oh , great . oh , great . a lonesome life a lonesome life behind his camera , behind his camera , a dead end day job a dead end day job stuck in mediocrity , stuck in mediocrity , never finishing a project never finishing a project he starts , he starts , but he gets his print read , but he gets his print read , finds out he 's going to be finds out he 's going to be hugely successful , hugely successful , have ten awesome children . have ten awesome children . just ten ? just ten ? and die happy in old age and die happy in old age while receiving head while receiving head from 18-year-old from 18-year-old brazilian triplets . brazilian triplets . whoo ! whoo ! oh , brother . oh , brother . what can you do ? what can you do ? this information could give this information could give him the confidence he needs him the confidence he needs to come out of his shell to come out of his shell and go after his dream . and go after his dream . you realize i have the power you realize i have the power to evict you , right ? to evict you , right ? yes , but at least yes , but at least the rent i pay you the rent i pay you comes from working in a field comes from working in a field i went to school for . i went to school for . oh , burn . oh , burn . damn . damn . wait , hold on a second . wait , hold on a second . i don 't think that i don 't think that this print thing is going this print thing is going to be able to tell you if you 're going to be happy or not though , right ? or not though , right ? happiness produces hormones . happiness produces hormones . can 't that be measured ? can 't that be measured ? yeah , he 's got a point yeah , he 's got a point right there . right there . just saying . just saying . why do you always why do you always not shut up ? not shut up ? it 's okay , sport . are you still talking right now ? right now ? this was on this was on the local news today . the local news today . one of those middle of the day things when they know when they know nobody is watching . nobody is watching . sorry to use this stuff sorry to use this stuff from the web , from the web , but i don 't have the pull but i don 't have the pull to get the interviews myself . today , we 're joined by honey joans , by honey joans , a political science professor a political science professor from uc berkley from uc berkley and abigail wesson-levitt , and abigail wesson-levitt , a philosophy professor a philosophy professor from carnegie mellon . from carnegie mellon . welcome , ladies . welcome , ladies . hello . hello . hello , susan hello , susan and thank you for having me . and thank you for having me . yes , thank you . yes , thank you . so , we are curious to hear so , we are curious to hear what you know what you know about life tracker limited . about life tracker limited . sounds a bit like sounds a bit like a science fiction movie , a science fiction movie , doesn 't it ? doesn 't it ? it really does . it really does . from what i can understand , from what i can understand , if my body 's chemistry if my body 's chemistry is involved it 's recorded is involved it 's recorded and from there we can and from there we can make assumptions ? make assumptions ? exactly . exactly . i 'll give you an example . i 'll give you an example . if it 's in like a person if it 's in like a person who has an excess buildup who has an excess buildup of white blood cells of white blood cells that can mean that can mean this person is sick . this person is sick . now , if it 's a specific kind of now , if it 's a specific kind of cell or a physical reaction cell or a physical reaction we may be able to tell we may be able to tell what sickness it is exactly . what sickness it is exactly . ♪ music what 's up , dude ? what 's up , dude ? hey . hey . come in for a minute . come in for a minute . dil , i paused dil , i paused the movie upstairs . the movie upstairs . bell is waiting . bell is waiting . just give me a second . just give me a second . okay . okay . sit over here . sit over here . all right . all right . what 's all this ? what 's all this ? i was a little pissed off i was a little pissed off the other day when you said the other day when you said i never finish anything . i never finish anything . okay . okay . it pissed me off , it pissed me off , but you were right . but you were right . well , i know i was right . well , i know i was right . that 's why i said it . that 's why i said it . i was pissed because it was true , but you didn 't have but you didn 't have to say it in front of everyone . to say it in front of everyone . okay . okay . wait , wait . wait , wait . just please , please . just please , please . dil , whatever this is , dil , whatever this is , you 're making it awkward . you 're making it awkward . i want you to help me i want you to help me hold myself accountable . hold myself accountable . accountable ? accountable ? yeah . yeah . i 've decided i 've decided i 'm going full force i 'm going full force into the life tracker doc . into the life tracker doc . i don 't know if i don 't know if it 's the best topic it 's the best topic or how long it 's going or how long it 's going to remain newsworthy , to remain newsworthy , but i have to finish something . but i have to finish something . great . great . i 'm with you . i 'm with you . you 're with me ? you 're with me ? yeah , i mean i don 't think it 's the greatest idea either , but i do think you need but i do think you need to finish something . to finish something . so , i 'm with you . well , i didn 't say i thought it was a bad idea . i thought it was a bad idea . neither did i . neither did i . but you don 't think but you don 't think it 's good ? it 's good ? okay . okay . why this topic ? why this topic ? just because it happened just because it happened to be what we were discussing to be what we were discussing when the subject of you having no follow through came up ? came up ? that , and i think this story that , and i think this story could go somewhere . could go somewhere . i mean think about it , man . i mean think about it , man . i 'm always bitching i 'm always bitching about a father i never knew . about a father i never knew . i don 't have my own i don 't have my own family medical history . family medical history . life tracker could open life tracker could open that window for people . that window for people . do you have any idea do you have any idea how long science takes ? how long science takes ? if this is even real science . if this is even real science . and what ? and what ? are you just going are you just going to keep using this camera ? to keep using this camera ? what about lights or actually what about lights or actually getting good sound ? getting good sound ? what about release forms ? what about release forms ? interviews , interviews , are you just going to keep are you just going to keep interviewing random strangers interviewing random strangers and your friends ? and your friends ? no . no . is google is google your only research tool ? your only research tool ? i 'm going to deal i 'm going to deal with all of those things , okay ? with all of those things , okay ? i might have to cut corners , i might have to cut corners , but who doesn 't ? but who doesn 't ? and my first goal and my first goal is to fill out the application is to fill out the application for the clemens grant . for the clemens grant . that would take care of half that would take care of half of the problems right away . of the problems right away . dil , they don 't just give dil , they don 't just give the clemens to anyone the clemens to anyone who fills out the paper work . who fills out the paper work . i know . i know . i 'm not an idiot . i 'm not an idiot . i mean what are you telling me ? i mean what are you telling me ? not to try ? not to try ? you 're trying , aren 't you ? you 're trying , aren 't you ? of course i am . of course i am . look , let me know look , let me know if you need any help . if you need any help . tomorrow . tomorrow . tomorrow ? tomorrow ? really ? really ? really . really . all right . all right . you know where i live . you know where i live . oh , and just for the record , oh , and just for the record , all you folks at home all you folks at home you heard that , right ? you heard that , right ? all right . all right . now , can i go now , can i go watch my movie now ? watch my movie now ? yes . yes . all right , buddy . all right , buddy . i 'll see you tomorrow . i 'll see you tomorrow . ♪ music release of the life tracker ... release of the life tracker ... the release the release of the life tracker ... i 'm getting way too many shadows from these wrinkles . shadows from these wrinkles . less than a month away . less than a month away . do you seriously do you seriously not own an iron ? not own an iron ? spokane , washington spokane , washington where richard ' rocko' where richard ' rocko' hutchensen ... do you think maybe we can pan in when we start this segment ? in when we start this segment ? no , i think it should no , i think it should just stay still . just stay still . some movement some movement would liven it up though . would liven it up though . yeah , and you 're already yeah , and you 're already going to need a genius editor going to need a genius editor just to key off just to key off this damn sheet . this damn sheet . i stole a picture i stole a picture off the ltl website off the ltl website we might be able to use . we might be able to use . oh , yeah . oh , yeah . i know a guy in spokane i know a guy in spokane that might be able to swing by that might be able to swing by and get some video too . and get some video too . awesome . there are many reports of people lining up at pharmacies people lining up at pharmacies to be the first to be the first to get their print . to get their print . there are many reports of there are many reports of people lining up at pharmacies people lining up at pharmacies to be the first to get their ... to be the first to get their ... you should totally you should totally cut to the people lining up . cut to the people lining up . you can even interview you can even interview some of them . do you know where people are lining up ? are lining up ? no , where did you hear it ? no , where did you hear it ? i guessed . i guessed . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] jesus . jesus . they 're predicting they 're predicting the future . people have to be lining up somewhere . somewhere . all right . all right . can we just shoot this ? wait , can you ... ? never mind . never mind . just action . are you sure we can 't pan in ? i swear to god , dillon . [ clock ticking ] i 'm good . i 'm good . just any time . just any time . okay , okay . okay , okay . we 're good . we 're good . yeah . do you have any thoughts on life tracker on life tracker or rocko hutchensen ? or rocko hutchensen ? is that that mean old bastard is that that mean old bastard who thinks who thinks he can predict the future ? i can 't really afford a reader , a reader , but i found this website but i found this website that teaches you that teaches you to read it yourself . the reader doesn 't come with the print order ? with the print order ? no . no . how much does that cost ? how much does that cost ? it depends it depends on the reader 's rating . on the reader 's rating . i 've seen anywhere i 've seen anywhere from $ 300 to $ 1,500 . from $ 300 to $ 1,500 . well , what 's the rating well , what 's the rating of the $ 300 version ? what do you think people will be saying will be saying about this story about this story 20 years from now ? 20 years from now ? i mean if it changes the way i mean if it changes the way that we think about that we think about how we 've arrived how we 've arrived at our predicted futures at our predicted futures we could be sitting we could be sitting on the dawn of a worldwide on the dawn of a worldwide cultural awakening . cultural awakening . that was , yeah , that was , yeah , that was exactly right . that was exactly right . that was it ? that was it ? yeah . yeah . yeah , and there 's that ltl guy yeah , and there 's that ltl guy in irvine who killed himself . in irvine who killed himself . we heard about that . we heard about that . sad . sad . yeah . yeah . do you know do you know what his motive was ? maybe he didn 't like the future he saw . the future he saw . i don 't know . i don 't know . anyway , i 've got to run . anyway , i 've got to run . sorry , i 'm going to be late . sorry , i 'm going to be late . good luck with good luck with your movie though . your movie though . thank you . a couple more and i think we 've got and i think we 've got what we need . what we need . okay , yeah . okay , yeah . i know i agreed i know i agreed to help you on this , to help you on this , but what are we doing but what are we doing out there ? out there ? we 're doing it , man . we 're doing it , man . you know , you know , i mean follow through . i mean follow through . all right . all right . i now you think we 're doing it , i now you think we 're doing it , but you 've got nothing . but you 've got nothing . we 've just found out we 've just found out about a suicide at ltl . about a suicide at ltl . from a random stranger from a random stranger on the street . and the best interview we 've had all day we 've had all day is from a friend we planted . so , what are you saying ? i 'm saying you need i 'm saying you need to get some better interviews to get some better interviews or this is going nowhere or this is going nowhere unless you talk to somebody unless you talk to somebody who is involved who is involved or directly affected . yeah , i have an issue too . what ? i don 't think i 'm the best choice to be on camera . choice to be on camera . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] oh , my god . oh , my god . i am so glad you said that i am so glad you said that and not me . and not me . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] a teacher of mine a teacher of mine [ indistinct ] pulled [ indistinct ] pulled some strings he had some strings he had with the connection with the connection to the ltl suicide . to the ltl suicide . sounds crazy , sounds crazy , but it 's our first but it 's our first big interview . so , today we 're going down to irvine to irvine to interview mrs. valliani . to interview mrs. valliani . she 's the widow she 's the widow of abdul valliani . of abdul valliani . abdul is in abdul is in rocko 's inner-circle rocko 's inner-circle and it 's a pretty small circle . and it 's a pretty small circle . all we know about his suicide all we know about his suicide is that it 's shrouded is that it 's shrouded in mystery . in mystery . we don 't know we don 't know if it has anything to do if it has anything to do with ltl with ltl or if he was just or if he was just a secretly depressed guy . where 's scott ? no hi bell ? no hi bell ? you look nice this morning , you look nice this morning , bell ? bell ? it 's good to see you , bell ? it 's good to see you , bell ? sorry . sorry . he can 't make it . he can 't make it . you get me . what ? he better have a good excuse he better have a good excuse for screwing me . for screwing me . he 's hardly screwing you . he 's hardly screwing you . really ? really ? besides that 's why i 'm here . besides that 's why i 'm here . i just totally made a joke i just totally made a joke about screwing you about screwing you and i can 't even get a chuckle ? and i can 't even get a chuckle ? i knew he wasn 't into this . you and scott just have different strategies . strategies ? bell , where is he ? bell , where is he ? i don 't know . i don 't know . some breakfast function some breakfast function with some dude with some dude from discovery channel . not hirsch baker ? that 's the guy , yeah . traitor . okay . okay . you know what ? you know what ? here , take this . here , take this . i 'm done . i 'm done . bell ? bell ? bell ? bell ? hirsch baker is on the board hirsch baker is on the board responsible for giving out responsible for giving out the clemens grant . the clemens grant . great . great . good for scott . good for scott . i 'm applying for i 'm applying for the clemens grant . the clemens grant . i need to meet hirsch baker . i need to meet hirsch baker . i mean he didn 't even i mean he didn 't even tell me he was going . tell me he was going . he knew you had he knew you had this interview dillon . this interview dillon . this is a big slap this is a big slap in the face . in the face . admit it . admit it . admit it , bell , admit it , bell , on camera that this is bs . on camera that this is bs . i 'm not doing this . bell ? what ? what ? i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry . i need your help today . you 're right and scott is lucky to have and scott is lucky to have such a brilliantly talented such a brilliantly talented girlfriend , girlfriend , incredibly sexy , incredibly sexy , always correct . always correct . your urine cures cancer your urine cures cancer in orphans in orphans in third world countries . in third world countries . your penis is much bigger your penis is much bigger than mine and prettier too . than mine and prettier too . all right . all right . get in the car , freak . get in the car , freak . better be nice to me . better be nice to me . ♪ music this is nice , dil . this is nice , dil . students are all using students are all using newer models than that . newer models than that . it 's pretty good it 's pretty good for what we need though . bell , what are you doing ? i want to see me . i want to see me . okay , but i need okay , but i need to drive too . to drive too . mr. smith . mr. smith . oh , jeez . oh , jeez . i 've heard that in typical i 've heard that in typical mad scientist fashion mad scientist fashion that you will be purchasing that you will be purchasing your own print your own print and letting it be known and letting it be known to the documentary viewing to the documentary viewing world as a sacrifice world as a sacrifice to the quality of your art . to the quality of your art . i hope the quality of my art i hope the quality of my art isn 't dependent on the quality isn 't dependent on the quality of my [ indistinct ] . of my [ indistinct ] . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] when does your print arrive ? when does your print arrive ? i ordered it , i ordered it , but they 've pushed but they 've pushed the release date back the release date back a couple of times already . a couple of times already . as you may already know , as you may already know , death dates death dates will not be available will not be available with the purchase with the purchase of your print . of your print . ltl is currently ltl is currently fighting for you fighting for you and we 're confident and we 're confident in our future legal victory in our future legal victory it will give you the back it will give you the back the rights , the rights , the information the information of your own dna . those commercials are so annoying . the message boards are all talking about religion . are all talking about religion . it 's easy to pick it 's easy to pick something like religion , something like religion , but think about but think about how this could weave its how this could weave its into every nook and cranny into every nook and cranny of our lives . of our lives . like ? like ? well , like , okay . well , like , okay . since women are physically since women are physically connected to their children connected to their children during pregnancy , during pregnancy , ltl claims that women , not men , ltl claims that women , not men , women can use their dna women can use their dna prints to get a glimpse prints to get a glimpse at any future children at any future children that they 're going to have . it 's something to do with half the kid 's dna with half the kid 's dna belongs to the dad . belongs to the dad . so , take the kid 's dna , so , take the kid 's dna , match it up against a database match it up against a database of male prints and a woman of male prints and a woman can find out who can find out who she 's going to have kids with she 's going to have kids with maybe before she even maybe before she even meets the guy . meets the guy . dating without dating without all the game play . well , that takes the fun out of it . out of it . maybe for you . maybe for you . i have no game . i have no game . i mean i would much rather i mean i would much rather just knock on someone 's door just knock on someone 's door and be like , and be like , excuse me ma 'am , excuse me ma 'am , i have this print here i have this print here that says we 're going that says we 're going to have kids together . to have kids together . yeah , that 's weird . yeah , that 's weird . what if you could what if you could forward your print forward your print and take it to hotties and take it to hotties and use it to get laid ? and use it to get laid ? oh , and i 'm the weird one ? oh , and i 'm the weird one ? i think you have some urges i think you have some urges you need to let out . you need to let out . have you met ... ? who ? bell , have i met who ? have you met ellie 's roommate ? roommate ? she 's really cute . she 's really cute . you should totally you should totally go out with her . out of my face now . oh , come on . oh , come on . she 's girlfriend quality . she 's girlfriend quality . look . look . she should be expecting me . she should be expecting me . i asked you nicely , i asked you nicely , but if you push the call button but if you push the call button one more time , one more time , the cops will be called . the cops will be called . goddammit . goddammit . ♪ music turn off the camera , bell . turn off the camera , bell . there 's nothing to see . there 's nothing to see . wait , wait , this changes everything . this changes everything . it tilts the scale towards it tilts the scale towards conspiracy theories now . conspiracy theories now . there 's even more mystery there 's even more mystery behind this guy 's death now . behind this guy 's death now . whatever . whatever . excuse me ? excuse me ? you 're just going to give up you 're just going to give up after one let down ? after one let down ? yeah . yeah . really ? what the hell do i have on my life 's resume on my life 's resume that says i have what it takes that says i have what it takes to make a documentary to make a documentary on what could conceivably be on what could conceivably be the biggest story in 50 years ? the biggest story in 50 years ? what are you talking about ? what are you talking about ? i 'm a 32-year-old wannabe i 'm a 32-year-old wannabe deep in debt deep in debt to wasted education . to wasted education . i have no savings , i have no savings , no retirement , no investments , no retirement , no investments , let alone a relationship let alone a relationship or a family . i mean the only reason i can even afford my apartment i can even afford my apartment because it 's free to me because it 's free to me for being a slave for being a slave to the building . to the building . great job , bell . great job , bell . i mean i 'm never going i mean i 'm never going to get a promotion . to get a promotion . stuck in a bad salary stuck in a bad salary most of which is services most of which is services rather than cash . rather than cash . i don 't need a print . i don 't need a print . my whole life is a print . my whole life is a print . i know my future . i know my future . you 're right . you 're right . you know what ? you know what ? this job was too big for you . this job was too big for you . next time you fill next time you fill an occupation box you should an occupation box you should just put apartment manager . just put apartment manager . i get it , bell . i get it , bell . turn off the camera . turn off the camera . wow , tough life , man . wow , tough life , man . callouses on your hand callouses on your hand must be rough as sandpaper . must be rough as sandpaper . i get it . i get it . now stop . now stop . you know what ? you should just follow in mr. valliani 's footsteps . in mr. valliani 's footsteps . it 's just too tough , you know ? it 's just too tough , you know ? you 're a little bitch you 're a little bitch and everyone knows it . and everyone knows it . so , why don 't you just so , why don 't you just [ indistinct ] ? [ indistinct ] ? enough , bell ! enough , bell ! enough ! enough ! that 's enough . that 's enough . enough ! enough ! you know that he was dead , you know that he was dead , all right ? all right ? so , why did you ask so , why did you ask for an interview ? for an interview ? is it because capturing is it because capturing someone else 's pain someone else 's pain is going to be is going to be so good for your movie ? so good for your movie ? is it ? is it ? well , here . well , here . here . here . here . here . you got what you came for . you got what you came for . [ crying ] [ crying ] what else ? what else ? you want me to tell you you want me to tell you that knowing his future that knowing his future was too much for him ? was too much for him ? fine . fine . but you know , but you know , you know what 's worse ? you know what 's worse ? is knowing that is knowing that you can 't lie to yourself . you can 't lie to yourself . you can 't say you can 't say i did what i had to . i did what i had to . i had no other choice . i had no other choice . or if i had chosen or if i had chosen another route . another route . no . no . because if you did something because if you did something wrong or bad wrong or bad it was inside you all along . it was inside you all along . it was you that was bad . it was you that was bad . not the decision . all right , bell . get in the car . get in the car . we 've got to go . we 've got to go . okay , i see . okay , i see . you got what you came for . you got what you came for . you can forget about me . you can forget about me . [ crying ] [ crying ] go on . go on . get out of here . get out of here . i 'm calling the police . i 'm calling the police . mrs. valliani , i 'm sorry . mrs. valliani , i 'm sorry . no , i 'm sorry . no , i 'm sorry . bell , get in the car . bell , get in the car . we 're leaving . we 're leaving . we 're leaving now . we 're leaving now . i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry . [ crying ] frankly , i think it 's dangerous . i think it 's dangerous . it 's the lack of knowledge it 's the lack of knowledge of the future of the future that gives the human race that gives the human race its drive and determination . well , can you give us an example ? if you already knew you were going to win the lottery going to win the lottery would a person would a person work hard towards a goal work hard towards a goal or simply try and ... no one is saying they can predict lottery numbers , predict lottery numbers , abigail . abigail . we 're talking about we 're talking about biological predictions . biological predictions . fine . fine . how about this ? how about this ? if you know when you 're if you know when you 're going to die it certainly going to die it certainly has an effect has an effect on how you spend on how you spend the rest of your time . the rest of your time . and you 're only and you 're only proving my point . proving my point . if you know if you know when you 're going to die when you 're going to die you can choose to spend you can choose to spend the rest of your days the rest of your days with the people you love with the people you love or you can choose or you can choose to do just whatever to do just whatever you 've always wanted to do , you 've always wanted to do , susan . susan . or you could fall into or you could fall into a depression a depression and give up on life early . and give up on life early . okay , okay , the package has arrived . the package has arrived . little later than expected , little later than expected , but there 's very little but there 's very little chatter on the net . chatter on the net . so , i 'm pretty sure i 'm one of so , i 'm pretty sure i 'm one of the first to get one . the first to get one . all right . all right . let 's take a look at this . oh , god . you scared the piss you scared the piss out of me , man . out of me , man . bell wasn 't sure bell wasn 't sure you 'd still be working on this . you 'd still be working on this . well , neither was i well , neither was i after you bailed on me . after you bailed on me . i didn 't bail on you . i didn 't bail on you . it was our first it was our first big interview big interview and you had something and you had something better to do . better to do . might i add you went might i add you went behind my back behind my back to get a better shot to get a better shot at the clemens . at the clemens . i didn 't pitch my idea , i didn 't pitch my idea , asshole . asshole . i pitched this . i 'm supposed to believe that after you went after you went without telling me ? without telling me ? okay , full disclosure , okay , full disclosure , i was hoping i would come up i was hoping i would come up with an idea as good as this with an idea as good as this before i got to the interview . before i got to the interview . so , now it 's a good idea ? so , now it 's a good idea ? yes , now it 's a good idea . yes , now it 's a good idea . i don 't want i don 't want to depend on you to depend on you if you 're not in this with me . if you 're not in this with me . i 'm in . i 'm in . or i want in . or i want in . in fact , in fact , my grandpa joe my grandpa joe was in vietnam was in vietnam with a dad of some military guy with a dad of some military guy that has some thoughts that has some thoughts on all this . on all this . i got us an interview . i got us an interview . really ? really ? hmm-mm . cool . yeah , i thought it would be yeah , i thought it would be a cool social experiment a cool social experiment for scott orenhauser for scott orenhauser to work on a dillon smith to work on a dillon smith project for a change . project for a change . might give you a chance might give you a chance to learn some things . to learn some things . [ laughing ] you know something ? i 'm open to the possibilities . i 'm open to the possibilities . cheers , buddy . all right . i don 't need a tripod i don 't need a tripod if you 're here . if you 're here . cool . cool . yeah . yeah . so , this is it ? so , this is it ? yeah , this is it . yeah , this is it . oh , is this the camera oh , is this the camera you borrowed ? you borrowed ? it might be one it might be one we actually used at school . we actually used at school . all right . all right . all right . all right . well , let 's get to work . well , let 's get to work . show me this thing . show me this thing . it 's actually pretty genius . it 's actually pretty genius . it works like it works like a blood sugar test . a blood sugar test . drop of blood goes here . drop of blood goes here . and you plug it into and you plug it into this usb drive , this usb drive , which i guess i can do now . which i guess i can do now . all right . all right . all right . all right . then you download an app then you download an app from the ltl site . from the ltl site . of course that costs $ 10 . of course that costs $ 10 . of course . of course . all right . all right . yeah , all right . yeah , all right . well , i guess ... well , i guess ... all right . all right . well , let me get this good . well , let me get this good . yeah , we 're going to do it ? yeah , we 're going to do it ? yeah . got it ? can you see ? can you see ? all right . all right . let me get in close . see what we 're doing ? all right . all right . let 's do it . let 's do it . ooh , mommy . ooh , mommy . all right . all right . you got this ? you got this ? can you get it in the hole ? can you get it in the hole ? that 's what she said . that 's what she said . all right . all right . that should be good . that should be good . all right . all right . let 's plug this in let 's plug this in and pull up the ltl site . and pull up the ltl site . all right . all right . i 've read most of this already . i 've read most of this already . reader 's cost , reader 's cost , or readers have or readers have to be certified by ltl . to be certified by ltl . so far nobody 's even scored so far nobody 's even scored higher than an 83 % . higher than an 83 % . readers who fail readers who fail the certification the certification are still given their ranking , are still given their ranking , but they 're not but they 're not publicized by ltl publicized by ltl and they 're far less accurate , and they 're far less accurate , but way cheaper . but way cheaper . that reminds me . that reminds me . let me see . let me see . a reader with a 70 % , a reader with a 70 % , the borderline pass the borderline pass is going to cost $ 800 . is going to cost $ 800 . oh , damn . oh , damn . when you go to get your print when you go to get your print read you have to fill out read you have to fill out an 80-page survey an 80-page survey of questions about your life . of questions about your life . so , if they know that , so , if they know that , say you had the flu say you had the flu at a certain time in your past at a certain time in your past they can look they can look for times in your future for times in your future with the same genetic response . with the same genetic response . let 's see . let 's see . what are you doing ? what are you doing ? i 'm confirming the sample . i 'm confirming the sample . can you see it ? can you see it ? yeah . yeah . all right . all right . well , they definitely made it well , they definitely made it idiot proof . idiot proof . [ laughing ] so exciting . come on . come on . all right . are you ready ? are you ready ? once you do it , once you do it , there 's no going back . there 's no going back . screw it , right ? screw it , right ? screw it . screw it . all right . all right . let 's do it . let 's do it . ♪ music it 's over a hundred pages it 's over a hundred pages of unreadable hieroglyphics . of unreadable hieroglyphics . well , that was well , that was terribly un-exciting . maybe we should go back to dillon smithworking to dillon smithworking on a scott orenhauser project . i guess we got to go see a reader . [ clock ticking ] we really want to thank you we really want to thank you for doing this for us , sir . for doing this for us , sir . oh , save that oh , save that for after the interview . for after the interview . well , we 're all set on my end . well , we 're all set on my end . whenever you 're ready . whenever you 're ready . great . great . sir , would you please sir , would you please state your name and rank ? brigadier general anthony morris . anthony morris . and have you heard and have you heard of life tracker limited ? of life tracker limited ? seems to be the only thing everyone is talking about these days . is talking about these days . are you a believer ? are you a believer ? they can predict the future ? they can predict the future ? yes . well , i haven 't had my own print done , my own print done , but i see no reason but i see no reason why it 's not possible . why it 's not possible . are you in favor of releasing are you in favor of releasing the death date information ? well , this case represents two aspects that are two aspects that are intrinsically american . intrinsically american . freedom of speech freedom of speech and a free market . and a free market . seems to me mr. hutchensen has seems to me mr. hutchensen has the right to run his business the right to run his business the way he sees fit . the way he sees fit . maybe i 've been misinformed , maybe i 've been misinformed , but i was under the impression but i was under the impression that you were against that you were against letting this sort of technology letting this sort of technology get out to the masses . get out to the masses . correct . correct . sometimes there 's a difference sometimes there 's a difference between what is allowable between what is allowable under the constitution under the constitution of the united states of the united states and what you think and what you think one should or should not do one should or should not do even if they are even if they are constitutionally allowed constitutionally allowed to do so . to do so . can you explain ? can you explain ? well , if i had my say well , if i had my say in the matter in the matter i would ask mr. hutchensen i would ask mr. hutchensen to allow the u.s. army to allow the u.s. army to study how this to study how this could be used to protect could be used to protect and serve our country . and serve our country . can you foresee any specific can you foresee any specific way in which ltl technology way in which ltl technology might be useful ? we don 't know the depths of this technology . of this technology . no one does . no one does . hell , not even rocko himself . hell , not even rocko himself . but it seems to me if you but it seems to me if you gather enough data imagination gather enough data imagination is the only limit . is the only limit . what about personal privacy ? what about personal privacy ? well , you 've got well , you 've got to start somewhere . look , all i 'm saying is the technology is incredible technology is incredible and if used properly and if used properly this would be a great tool this would be a great tool for the safety of americans . for the safety of americans . ♪ music downtown la . you only see it like this after it rains . after it rains . ♪ music hey there , future viewers . hey there , future viewers . it is 2 : 34am . it is 2 : 34am . can 't sleep . can 't sleep . aren 't sequential numbers aren 't sequential numbers on a clock supposed to be on a clock supposed to be like good luck or something ? like good luck or something ? now , when i lay down now , when i lay down i feel like i could pass out , i feel like i could pass out , but i just stare but i just stare at the ceiling awake . at the ceiling awake . so , i 'm up on the roof so , i 'm up on the roof with my cameras . with my cameras . tomorrow is a big day . tomorrow is a big day . scott , bell , and i scott , bell , and i are going to go down are going to go down and get our prints read . and get our prints read . we were able we were able to get $ 2,000 together . to get $ 2,000 together . scott borrowed , scott borrowed , i sold my baseball card i sold my baseball card collection . collection . but that wasn 't going but that wasn 't going to be enough for all of us to be enough for all of us to get a certified reader , to get a certified reader , so scott had a brilliant idea . so scott had a brilliant idea . why i agreed why i agreed i still don 't know , i still don 't know , but one quick trip but one quick trip to vegas later , to vegas later , and we have $ 200 less and we have $ 200 less than we started with . it could have been worse , though . we could have lost the whole thing , the whole thing , but now we each get but now we each get an uncertified 64 % reader an uncertified 64 % reader for $ 600 each . but that 's not what i wanted to tell you tonight . to tell you tonight . in the three weeks in the three weeks since we last shot , since we last shot , the ltl story has landed itself the ltl story has landed itself firmly in the 24-hour firmly in the 24-hour media cycle . media cycle . at least here in california at least here in california anyway . anyway . take a look . first , we don 't even know if it 's a viable test . if it 's a viable test . it 's unproven . it 's unproven . well , it 's not going well , it 's not going to be proven to be proven until we lead by example . until we lead by example . [ cheering ] [ cheering ] second , second , the highest rated reader the highest rated reader to date is at 87 % . to date is at 87 % . now , those might be good odds now , those might be good odds if you 're in a casino , but not when you 're letting the whole world the whole world study your genetic code study your genetic code and make judgment calls and make judgment calls about you . about you . if you were chuck lamont if you were chuck lamont wouldn 't you be worried ? wouldn 't you be worried ? third , third , what does this have to do what does this have to do with the state of california ? with the state of california ? if you could look if you could look into the future into the future and see if a car and see if a car you were buying you were buying was gonna blow a head gasket was gonna blow a head gasket two months later , two months later , would you buy it ? would you buy it ? listen , an ltl print listen , an ltl print will let us check his oil . will let us check his oil . fourth , let 's say fourth , let 's say we could find a reader we could find a reader rated at 100 % , rated at 100 % , not going to happen , not going to happen , but let 's just say it . but let 's just say it . how is it possible to be sure how is it possible to be sure that that reader is impartial ? that that reader is impartial ? chuck , chuck , enough with the counting . enough with the counting . [ laughing ] fifth , let 's talk about the issues , let 's talk about the issues , the economy , the economy , the prison system , the prison system , the debate over charter the debate over charter versus public school systems . versus public school systems . i don 't want to play politics . i don 't want to play politics . business ? business ? this is about ... this is about ... you don 't want you don 't want to play politics ? well , what do you think you 'll have to do am i going to get a chance here ? a chance here ? the reality is game playing the reality is game playing for megan brown , for megan brown , problem solving problem solving from chuck lamont . from chuck lamont . all right . all right . here we are . here we are . we want to thank we want to thank our good friend zack our good friend zack for helping us out for helping us out on camera two . on camera two . zackie ! zackie ! hey . hey . all right . all right . so , we all went down thinking we were going to walk out with to walk out with some sort of fortune cookie , some sort of fortune cookie , but it was actually but it was actually a pretty in depth process . yeah , you don 't even meet with the reader . meet with the reader . it 's all based on your print , it 's all based on your print , which is analyzed against which is analyzed against your personal survey . your personal survey . and i 'm fine with and i 'm fine with my print being added my print being added to the national database . to the national database . but i will die if anyone but i will die if anyone gets a hold of his . gets a hold of his . oh , really ? oh , really ? yeah , yeah , tons of personal questions . tons of personal questions . i mean usual things . i mean usual things . who your parents are , who your parents are , personal medical history , personal medical history , but tons of almost but tons of almost like freudian questions . like freudian questions . yeah . yeah . right , like how do you feel right , like how do you feel about your mother ? about your mother ? [ laughing ] [ laughing ] one of them one of them was named the top five was named the top five most emotionally painful most emotionally painful experiences of your life , experiences of your life , then rate the pain then rate the pain on a scale of 1 to 10 , on a scale of 1 to 10 , 1 being orgasm , 1 being orgasm , 10 being contemplation 10 being contemplation of suicide . of suicide . yeah , nothing if not vivid . yeah , nothing if not vivid . and you have to remember and you have to remember how old you were how old you were to the week if possible to the week if possible when these things happened . when these things happened . right , because there 's right , because there 's this fine print this fine print that basically says that basically says one of the ways one of the ways a reader 's accuracy a reader 's accuracy can be compromised is can be compromised is if you mess up your timeline . if you mess up your timeline . yeah , yeah , which we 're not going to say . which we 're not going to say . okay . okay . okay , okay , okay . okay , okay , okay . before we ... before we ... before ... before ... wait , wait . wait , wait . before we do it , this is for the documentary , right ? right ? right . right . no judgments . no judgments . no judgments . no judgments . no . no . no matter what . no matter what . plus , our trip to vegas plus , our trip to vegas kind of downgraded kind of downgraded our reader 's qualifications our reader 's qualifications just a bit . just a bit . yeah , 64 % . yeah , 64 % . that 's what we got . that 's what we got . never split tens . never split tens . okay , okay , okay . okay , okay , okay . can we ? can we ? zack , can we do this ? zack , can we do this ? all right . all right . say go . say go . do it . do it . all right . damn girl . [ laughing ] oh , there 's an index . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] talk about excited . skipping to the good stuff . oh . hmm , all right . looks like i 'm going to have problems with my lungs problems with my lungs and all of and all of the wonderful diseases the wonderful diseases they have listed , they have listed , it says mesothelioma it says mesothelioma is the most probable . is the most probable . score . you 've got to get something . yeah , jackpot . yeah , jackpot . well , i 'm going to have well , i 'm going to have a dependency problem . a dependency problem . shocker . shocker . most probable culprits most probable culprits being marijuana , alcohol , being marijuana , alcohol , and / or opiates . and / or opiates . that 's more like that 's more like predicting the present . predicting the present . opiates ? opiates ? it said it , not me . it said it , not me . i don 't know i don 't know what it 's talking about . what it 's talking about . okay , okay . okay , okay . it 's my turn . it says i 'm going to spend a couple of years a couple of years closer to contemplate suicide closer to contemplate suicide side of the scale . side of the scale . this is depressing . this is depressing . yeah . yeah . there 's no way to know there 's no way to know when any of this when any of this is going to happen ? is going to happen ? oh , no , dude . oh , no , dude . check out the last page . check out the last page . it 's one giant call to arms it 's one giant call to arms demanding that demanding that the death dates be released . the death dates be released . good , i 'd like to know good , i 'd like to know if i 'm going to get lung cancer if i 'm going to get lung cancer tomorrow or 50 years from now . tomorrow or 50 years from now . guys , i 'm going to have guys , i 'm going to have two boys and a girl . two boys and a girl . and it says that the bloke and it says that the bloke is already in the system . is already in the system . oh , really ? oh , really ? this better not be this better not be your cute way of telling me your cute way of telling me you 're preggo with my eggo . you 're preggo with my eggo . oh , not that i know of , oh , not that i know of , mr . 1-0-0-4-5-2 . mr . 1-0-0-4-5-2 . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] i am track number 1-0-0-4-6-1 . i am track number 1-0-0-4-6-1 . give me that . give me that . this dude is going to be this dude is going to be such a piece of work . such a piece of work . okay , okay . okay , okay . getting your print done getting your print done is still sort of like is still sort of like an elitist thing . an elitist thing . so , he 's probably very wealthy so , he 's probably very wealthy and very powerful . and very powerful . right , right . right , right . like larry king or carl rover . like larry king or carl rover . okay , they both have okay , they both have incredibly sexy minds . incredibly sexy minds . right . right . so sexy . all right , never mind . but it could be someone like , but it could be someone like , oh , javier bardem oh , javier bardem or gael garcia bernal . or gael garcia bernal . i 'm sure . i 'm sure . or not . or not . she doesn 't even know how to say his name and she 's going to have his babies . what ? oh , my god . that 's awesome . that 's awesome . what ? what ? we 're so having babies . we 're so having babies . yes ! yes ! seriously ? seriously ? oh , my god . oh , my god . okay , you can name the boys . okay , you can name the boys . wait , you guys aren 't ... ? it 's a joke . excuse me ? excuse me ? no , no . no , no . of course not . of course not . scott ? scott ? i mean it 's got to be i mean it 's got to be like a mix up , right ? like a mix up , right ? it 's ... it 's ... honey , come on . honey , come on . this is stupid . this is stupid . it 's wrong . it 's wrong . they 've mixed up the numbers . they 've mixed up the numbers . yeah . yeah . it 's all fun . it 's all fun . 64 % . 64 % . you can be one of our babies . you can be one of our babies . okay , okay . okay , okay . i 'm going to just , i 'm going to just , i know , i know . i know , i know . it 's stupid . it 's stupid . i 'm going to ... i 'm going to ... can we just cut ? dude ? yeah , it 's a little awkward . i 'm so sorry . i don 't ... i don 't ... no , i mean i don 't get it . no , i mean i don 't get it . you guys want to start you guys want to start right now ? right now ? shut up , zack . shut up , zack . [ laughing ] [ clock ticking ] so , update time . scott isn 't talking scott isn 't talking about the giant pink elephant about the giant pink elephant in the room . in the room . it 's been two weeks it 's been two weeks of weird half mentioning it , of weird half mentioning it , which is just making it worse . which is just making it worse . one thing 's for sure though . one thing 's for sure though . he 's completely switched sides . he 's completely switched sides . he 's now totally convinced he 's now totally convinced that this is all that this is all just a parlour trick . just a parlour trick . bell just smiles bell just smiles and rolls her eyes and rolls her eyes at the whole situation . at the whole situation . she hasn 't said she hasn 't said if she thinks the prints if she thinks the prints are predicting the future , are predicting the future , but she 's convinced but she 's convinced that this is a fluke . that this is a fluke . as am i . as am i . i 'm actually very pro-ltl . i 'm actually very pro-ltl . that said , that said , we went to a crappy reader . we went to a crappy reader . scott and bell scott and bell are perfect for each other . are perfect for each other . end of story . end of story . it 's just so ridiculous it 's just so ridiculous that we have to deal that we have to deal with something like this . how much does a reader with a 30 % cost ? with a 30 % cost ? $ 50 . $ 50 . $ 50 ? $ 50 ? yeah . yeah . that 's not much of that 's not much of an investment in your future . an investment in your future . um ... 79 % . um ... 79 % . let me guess , let me guess , about $ 1,800 ? about $ 1,800 ? yeah , you 're in the ballpark . yeah , you 're in the ballpark . all right . i 've got to know what you get for that kind of cash . you get for that kind of cash . i mean a bunch of random stuff . i guess the biggest thing i guess the biggest thing was that he saw the effects of was that he saw the effects of some sort of anti-depressant some sort of anti-depressant in my future . in my future . really ? really ? how does that make you feel ? how does that make you feel ? a little depressed . a little depressed . jon stewart got his print read ? oh , yeah . oh , yeah . he read it himself on the show . he read it himself on the show . he 's officially he 's officially reader rated at 1.5 % . reader rated at 1.5 % . that 's awesome . you 've got to find the right suckers the right suckers and match them up and match them up with the right snake oil , with the right snake oil , don 't you ? don 't you ? at this point , at this point , i prefer to look back i prefer to look back rather than look forward . my name is dr. uriel patterson . dr. uriel patterson . i work at the mountain spring i work at the mountain spring lake laboratory in new york . lake laboratory in new york . i 'm here at ucla doing a study i 'm here at ucla doing a study on the mental effects on the mental effects of receiving of receiving an ltl print reading . an ltl print reading . can you tell us can you tell us a bit about the study ? a bit about the study ? well , the fact that well , the fact that they haven 't released they haven 't released the death date information the death date information is really hindering is really hindering our progress . our progress . how so ? how so ? well , it 's not just well , it 's not just the date of someone 's death the date of someone 's death that ltl has been that ltl has been ordered not to release . ordered not to release . it 's also anything it 's also anything that would help to figure out that would help to figure out that information . that information . so , like what exactly ? so , like what exactly ? we all know our birth date . we all know our birth date . so , we know the starting point . so , we know the starting point . when we get our prints , when we get our prints , everything listed everything listed before the date before the date you took your test you took your test is listed chronologically . is listed chronologically . right , okay . right , okay . for example , for example , our producer dillon our producer dillon was able to see was able to see when he broke his leg when he broke his leg from when he was eight from when he was eight because of the spike because of the spike in his osteo somethings . in his osteo somethings . osteoclast osteoclast and osteoblast , right ? and osteoblast , right ? exactly . exactly . that 's what the body uses that 's what the body uses to repair and mend to repair and mend broken bones . broken bones . did you mention your leg did you mention your leg in a survey ? in a survey ? i did , yes . i did , yes . and did the print predict and did the print predict any other broken bones any other broken bones in your future ? in your future ? a couple of times actually . a couple of times actually . when ? when ? doesn 't say . doesn 't say . you see the problem ? you see the problem ? if it 's possible to link if it 's possible to link a piece of dna with an injury a piece of dna with an injury in a person 's past , in a person 's past , then why can 't you then why can 't you measure the distance between measure the distance between the two incidents the two incidents and figure out and figure out when in the future when in the future it will happen again ? it will happen again ? i assume you can 't . i assume you can 't . of course you can . of course you can . but how does knowing i 'm going to break my leg sometime in the future sometime in the future effect my death date ? effect my death date ? well , then you would know well , then you would know you weren 't going to die you weren 't going to die until after you broke your leg . until after you broke your leg . like your own personal like your own personal book of revelations . book of revelations . everyone waiting everyone waiting for the seven signs for the seven signs of their own apocalypse . of their own apocalypse . okay , so how does this okay , so how does this hinder your progress ? hinder your progress ? you 're a filmmaker , you 're a filmmaker , so i assume you like movies . so i assume you like movies . assumption correct . assumption correct . name a movie that 's more name a movie that 's more suspenseful because of what suspenseful because of what the director doesn 't show you the director doesn 't show you rather than what he does . rather than what he does . that 's easy . that 's easy . jaws , the blair witch project , jaws , the blair witch project , rosemary 's baby , psycho . rosemary 's baby , psycho . good , good , good . good , good , good . jaws , that 's a good one . jaws , that 's a good one . let 's use that . let 's use that . we only really see the outcome we only really see the outcome of what the shark of what the shark has already done . has already done . when we see the shark when we see the shark it 's only terrifying glimpses it 's only terrifying glimpses out of the corner of our eyes . out of the corner of our eyes . that 's because our imaginations that 's because our imaginations are far scarier are far scarier than anything than anything than spielberg than spielberg could have put on screen . could have put on screen . most people have most people have some kind of mental anguish . some kind of mental anguish . not about what 's in the print , not about what 's in the print , but about when those things but about when those things are going to happen . are going to happen . in all honesty , in all honesty , i believe that if the death date i believe that if the death date information was released information was released people would be more at ease . people would be more at ease . because their imaginations because their imaginations wouldn 't be running wild wouldn 't be running wild trying to figure out if today trying to figure out if today was the day that they were was the day that they were going to die or get a disease ? going to die or get a disease ? or get pregnant , or get pregnant , or find happiness . or find happiness . it 's not always a negative it 's not always a negative thing that causes anxiety . thing that causes anxiety . it 's simply not knowing . it 's simply not knowing . looking pretty bad out there . looking pretty bad out there . hey , i got a couple . hey , i got a couple . yeah ? yeah ? out of how many . out of how many . a few more than a couple . a few more than a couple . were you recording that ? were you recording that ? don 't worry , keanu . for all people know you were surfing fumes out there . surfing fumes out there . that 's good . that 's good . because that 's exactly because that 's exactly what we were doing . what we were doing . [ laughing ] maybe you guys should check your prints to see check your prints to see when you 'll stand up when you 'll stand up for longer than three seconds . for longer than three seconds . yeah , that 'd be nice . okay , i was thinking about it and i don 't really get it . and i don 't really get it . get what ? well , how they 're figuring certain things out . certain things out . i mean it doesn 't just say i mean it doesn 't just say that jack screws jill . that jack screws jill . so , how do they know that ? well , obviously , it 's more complicated it 's more complicated than that . than that . i mean i have no idea how a i mean i have no idea how a microwave makes my dinner . microwave makes my dinner . how ? how ? i just know i stick it in i just know i stick it in and two minutes later and two minutes later it 's done . it 's done . listen , it 's like blue 's clues listen , it 's like blue 's clues for adults . for adults . you , basically , you , basically , just gather as many clues just gather as many clues as you can as you can and draw the most and draw the most logical conclusion . logical conclusion . i was reading about i was reading about the discovery of dna last night the discovery of dna last night because in the early 50s because in the early 50s and at the time all they knew and at the time all they knew that it was shaped that it was shaped like a double helix like a double helix and it might be and it might be responsible for heredity . responsible for heredity . and i could see how at the time that would seem pretty useless , pretty useless , but now it seems like but now it seems like we use dna for everything . we use dna for everything . so , you 're a believer ? so , you 're a believer ? yeah . yeah . yeah , i guess . yeah , i guess . i guess i am . i guess i am . you 're just saying that because you want to get into bell 's pants . to get into bell 's pants . oh , god . oh , god . we went to a 64 % reader . we went to a 64 % reader . we can 't be sure we can 't be sure of anything he told us . of anything he told us . so , you believe so , you believe there 's a 64 % chance there 's a 64 % chance bell is going to have bell is going to have your babies ? your babies ? no , i think that 's part no , i think that 's part of the 36 % that 's bogus . of the 36 % that 's bogus . okay , i thought okay , i thought documentarians documentarians were supposed to show were supposed to show both sides of the story both sides of the story and let the viewers decide . and let the viewers decide . right , because right , because michael moore 's docs michael moore 's docs aren 't slanted aren 't slanted to the left at all . well , maybe that 's what this one has going for it . this one has going for it . what ? what ? well , scott over here thinks well , scott over here thinks this is all a publicity stunt this is all a publicity stunt to make quick cash and to make quick cash and you think we 're going you think we 're going to have sex someday . to have sex someday . shut up . shut up . i don 't believe that . i don 't believe that . [ laughing ] then what do you think ? i think you should stop being jealous stop being jealous because you have because you have nothing to worry about . nothing to worry about . is that so ? is that so ? i 'm going to get you all wet . i can understand a disease being stored in your body being stored in your body after you 've gotten it , after you 've gotten it , but what life tracker but what life tracker claims is that all of this claims is that all of this information information is already your dna is already your dna from the start . from the start . yes . yes . well , think of an ipod . well , think of an ipod . when you plug an ipod in all when you plug an ipod in all the songs are already there . the songs are already there . why ? why ? because the playlist was made because the playlist was made before you started listening . before you started listening . well , it 's the same thing well , it 's the same thing with our dna . with our dna . our dna , susan , our dna , susan , was made at creation . was made at creation . okay , now you 're getting okay , now you 're getting into religion . into religion . is this proof of god ? if it is , do we want to know what god knows ? what god knows ? do we want to play god ? do we want to play god ? well , are we playing god well , are we playing god when we go see the doctor when we go see the doctor or the dentist ? or the dentist ? so , with that argument , so , with that argument , does that mean we should let does that mean we should let our teeth rot out of our heads our teeth rot out of our heads because that 's because that 's what god gave us ? what god gave us ? i 'm not arguing that there 's i 'm not arguing that there 's no possible good no possible good to come from this , to come from this , but i think it 's a huge mistake but i think it 's a huge mistake to not also think about to not also think about the negative possibilities . the negative possibilities . what are you doing ? what are you doing ? back off , dil . back off , dil . would you just tell me would you just tell me what 's wrong ? i 'm trying to help your little documentary here . your little documentary here . here we are in filmmaking here we are in filmmaking capital of the world , capital of the world , always sunny hollywood , always sunny hollywood , california . california . hi , dillon . hi , dillon . thanks for talking thanks for talking with us today . bell , what happened ? your new film about ltl your new film about ltl technology to predict technology to predict the future so brilliant . the future so brilliant . is it a scam ? is it a scam ? or will it change the world or will it change the world and how we see it ? what are you doing ? see , folks ? see , folks ? it changes everything . it changes everything . nothing has changed . nothing has changed . that 's the most amazing part . that 's the most amazing part . it simply plants ideas it simply plants ideas in your head . in your head . ideas about the future ideas about the future and it 's how you react and it 's how you react to those thoughts to those thoughts that change everything . that change everything . earlier , in this magnificent earlier , in this magnificent documentary you were witness documentary you were witness to our prints telling us to our prints telling us that dillon and i that dillon and i would have children . would have children . talk about the perfect conflict talk about the perfect conflict to keep the audience buzzing . to keep the audience buzzing . will they really ? will they really ? or was it just or was it just an honest misinterpretation an honest misinterpretation from a lousy reader ? from a lousy reader ? suffering from inner turmoil suffering from inner turmoil i 'm sure about the validity i 'm sure about the validity of this asinine reading , of this asinine reading , scott decided to call over scott decided to call over a needy ex-girlfriend a needy ex-girlfriend for emotional support . for emotional support . what does it all mean , rebecca ? what does it all mean , rebecca ? are my girlfriend of four years are my girlfriend of four years and my best friend and my best friend going to cheat together ? going to cheat together ? if that 's what the print says , if that 's what the print says , then it has to be true . then it has to be true . i can 't believe they swore i can 't believe they swore they would never do it they would never do it and we had a really and we had a really low rated reader . low rated reader . i can 't imagine your pain , i can 't imagine your pain , scotty . scotty . i think i know what will i think i know what will make you feel better . make you feel better . what 's that , what 's that , my slutty ex-girlfriend ? my slutty ex-girlfriend ? a goddamn blowjob ! a goddamn blowjob ! bell , bell , calm down . bell , bell , calm down . [ crying ] [ crying ] so , ladies and gentlemen , so , ladies and gentlemen , you have your answer . you have your answer . throw your protests down throw your protests down and accept it . and accept it . now , what you 've all now , what you 've all been waiting for . been waiting for . dah-dah-du-dahh . ♪ music dillon , please . dillon , please . no , no . no , no . what 's wrong with you ? if scott messed up , work it out . work it out . but don 't make but don 't make a bad situation worse a bad situation worse by digging the hole deeper , by digging the hole deeper , okay ? okay ? the print was wrong the print was wrong and you know it . and you know it . you know what ? you know what ? i don 't need either of you . i don 't need either of you . ♪ music who 's your pick for governor ? bell told me what she did . i 'm sorry , man . i 'm sorry , man . i promise i didn 't want i promise i didn 't want any part of it . any part of it . no , man . no , man . she told me that too . i messed up . like big messed up . are you guys okay ? yeah , i think so . yeah , i think so . but we 're not perfect but we 're not perfect for a while . you know if she didn 't love you she wouldn 't be so upset . ♪ music this whole this whole life tracker thing , man . life tracker thing , man . it 's just messing it 's just messing with my head . with my head . i 'm sorry , man . i 'm sorry , man . we cool ? we cool ? cool . cool . can we be done for the day ? can we be done for the day ? yeah . ♪ music [ clock ticking ] hi , i 'm steven buchanon . i am the coadjutor bishop for the los angeles diocese . as a member of the clergy as a member of the clergy you have a viewpoint you have a viewpoint on life tracker technology on life tracker technology i found a bit surprising . i found a bit surprising . you 're not against the claim to scientifically predict the future . predict the future . true . true . i think science and religion i think science and religion go perfectly well together . go perfectly well together . god 's method for the creation god 's method for the creation of everything that we know of everything that we know to be the universe to be the universe is what we call science . is what we call science . sort of a recipe ? sort of a recipe ? if you like , yeah , if you like , yeah , or like an artist who or like an artist who mixes colors and chooses mixes colors and chooses specific brushes and canvas . specific brushes and canvas . every brush stroke every brush stroke brings his painting to life . brings his painting to life . all the hows and wherefores all the hows and wherefores that mankind learns that mankind learns about the existence of life about the existence of life are really the brush strokes are really the brush strokes that god used that god used in the creation in the creation of his masterpiece . of his masterpiece . but how do you feel but how do you feel about people being able about people being able to look at the blueprint ? to look at the blueprint ? oh , i don 't think it matters . oh , i don 't think it matters . i mean we can no more change i mean we can no more change our genetic makeup our genetic makeup than we can god 's plan for us . than we can god 's plan for us . what 's there is there . what 's there is there . i guess i 'm just i guess i 'm just a little surprised a little surprised at how accepting you are . at how accepting you are . there seems to be there seems to be a lot of religious turmoil a lot of religious turmoil in the press . in the press . son , i am not going to be son , i am not going to be the man who stands the man who stands on the high ground on the high ground shouting to the heavens shouting to the heavens that human flight is not now , that human flight is not now , nor ever will be possible while the wright brothers , you know , prepped their plane at kitty hawk . at kitty hawk . we have no choice we have no choice but to accept . but to accept . what about free will ? what about free will ? a father sets a bowl a father sets a bowl of ice cream and a bowl of of ice cream and a bowl of vegetables in front of a child vegetables in front of a child and asks him to choose and asks him to choose which one he wants . which one he wants . the ice cream of course . the ice cream of course . the ice cream of course . the ice cream of course . did the child have a choice ? did the child have a choice ? yes . choice the child would make before he made it ? before he made it ? yes . yes . difficult concepts are often difficult concepts are often that way just because that way just because the way they 're worded . the way they 're worded . how do you feel about how do you feel about the pending decisions regarding the pending decisions regarding the release of the death date ? do you remember those chilean miners awhile back ? chilean miners awhile back ? of course . of course . they 're trapped in the mine , they 're trapped in the mine , right ? right ? and the rescuers are able and the rescuers are able to drill down a small hole to drill down a small hole that for air , food , and water that for air , food , and water and they put down and they put down that video tap . that video tap . so , we all watched so , we all watched while the experts while the experts predicted that predicted that they wouldn 't be able they wouldn 't be able to get a rescue tunnel to get a rescue tunnel down to those poor men down to those poor men until christmas . until christmas . but people and resources but people and resources came together . came together . and they were able to get and they were able to get those men out by mid-october . those men out by mid-october . two and a half months early , two and a half months early , which doesn 't negate the fact which doesn 't negate the fact that those poor souls that those poor souls were down there for 70 days . were down there for 70 days . it would have been nice it would have been nice for them to know in advance for them to know in advance that they were going to live . that they were going to live . if we 'd known in advance if we 'd known in advance that there was no danger , that there was no danger , would the story would the story have touched millions of people have touched millions of people around the world ? around the world ? would it have brought us would it have brought us together as one people together as one people for that little brief moment ? for that little brief moment ? now , here 's a thought . now , here 's a thought . if it had been predicted that if it had been predicted that those men would die down there would we have even tried to rescue them at all ? judging by the looks of their site , of their site , they knew this day was coming . they knew this day was coming . hmm , damn . hmm , damn . it 's all npr it 's all npr spoke about today . spoke about today . all goddamn day . all goddamn day . people are lemmings . people are lemmings . what ? what ? [ laughing ] [ laughing ] so , if people so , if people aren 't interested aren 't interested in what you 're interested in in what you 're interested in then that makes them lemmings . then that makes them lemmings . is that what you 're saying ? is that what you 're saying ? those lemmings those lemmings are the same people are the same people that made the twilight movies that made the twilight movies successful . successful . okay . okay . come on . come on . i liked those movies . i liked those movies . just a bunch of experts just a bunch of experts talking about how important talking about how important the life links are the life links are to the entire process . to the entire process . just experts . just experts . come on . come on . you don 't want to know you don 't want to know when you 're going to die ? when you 're going to die ? and be like 75 % sure ? and be like 75 % sure ? great , just enough to scare me , great , just enough to scare me , but keep me hopeful . but keep me hopeful . no , no . to find out when you 're going to die , when you 're going to die , first of all . first of all . and rocko says and rocko says it 's 98 % accurate . it 's 98 % accurate . rocko says . rocko says . oh , well , oh , well , if rocko says it ... if rocko says it ... it 's everything . it 's everything . but you can just create but you can just create an account online an account online and sign in with your print id . and sign in with your print id . cool . cool . i have an idea that i told bell i have an idea that i told bell and she 's in , and she 's in , but we 're going but we 're going to need everybody . to need everybody . so , you take over , babe ? so , you take over , babe ? okay . okay . yeah ? yeah ? yeah . yeah . so , we have ten so , we have ten raffle tickets at $ 25 a pop . raffle tickets at $ 25 a pop . if your name if your name gets drawn out of the hat . gets drawn out of the hat . may i ? may i ? uhh . uhh . i know. i 'm sorry . i know. i 'm sorry . if your name gets drawn out of if your name gets drawn out of the hat you get your the hat you get your death date for only $ 25 . death date for only $ 25 . oh , come on . oh , come on . but some of us but some of us never got our prints never got our prints and zack always cries poor . and zack always cries poor . that 's because he is poor . that 's because he is poor . yeah and i doubt yeah and i doubt team edward got his . you doubt correctly . all right . all right . okay , so that means 5 of us okay , so that means 5 of us and 10 tickets . and 10 tickets . great . great . then i 'm in for two . then i 'm in for two . oh , and the site lets you use oh , and the site lets you use multiple forms of payment . multiple forms of payment . so , we can all charge it . so , we can all charge it . you guys start our account ? you guys start our account ? yeah , sure . yeah , sure . cool . cool . you know what ? you know what ? i 'm in for one i guess . i 'm in for one i guess . lemming . lemming . yeah ? yeah ? really ? really ? awesome . awesome . all right . all right . there 's seven left . there 's seven left . dil ? dil ? two . two . sweet . sweet . lemming . i 'm not sure i want to do it . hmm-mm . hmm-mm . put another two on my card . put another two on my card . two ? two ? you can just pay me later . you can just pay me later . i can afford it . i can afford it . i just said i 'm not sure i just said i 'm not sure i want to do it . i want to do it . really ? really ? fine . fine . put me in for two . put me in for two . yes . yes . oh , all right . look , if she 's in for two i 'm in for two . i can 't believe we 're doing this , guys . this , guys . what a lemming . what a lemming . shut up . shut up . sheep . sheep . that 's one ticket left . that 's one ticket left . don 't look at me , don 't look at me , dude . i 've got to put gas in my car . all right . all right . i 'll take the last one . i 'll take the last one . yeah , dillon . yeah , dillon . all right . all right . that 's three for dillon , that 's three for dillon , two for me , two for bell , two for me , two for bell , two for ellie , two for ellie , and one for drake . and one for drake . zero for drake . zero for drake . zero for drake . zero for drake . thank you . thank you . all right , dillon . all right , dillon . this doc is your creation . i think you should do the honors . the honors . all right . all right . drum roll . drum roll . [ tapping on counter ] [ tapping on counter ] melodramatic . scott . yes . yes . oh , come on . i think you better check the tickets to make sure they don 't all say scott on them . all say scott on them . right . right . come on . come on . i 've almost got i 've almost got all the cards . all the cards . hang on . thank you , sir . hey , guys . you want to kill him now so we don 't have so we don 't have to waste our money to waste our money on finding out on finding out when he 's going to die ? when he 's going to die ? ouch . ouch . ohh , or kill him now ohh , or kill him now and see if rocko predicts it . and see if rocko predicts it . even better . even better . ohh , ohh , i 'm getting interested now . i 'm getting interested now . scott , i need scott , i need your print number . your print number . all right . all right . it 's down here . while we wait i 've got some good news to share . some good news to share . announcement . announcement . you 're pregnant you 're pregnant with drake 's love child ? with drake 's love child ? thank god . thank god . we 've been trying for so long . we 've been trying for so long . close . close . i got the clemens grant . i got the clemens grant . nice . nice . what ? what ? that 's awesome , dil . that 's awesome , dil . dillon , that 's huge . dillon , that 's huge . i thought they weren 't i thought they weren 't announcing the recipient announcing the recipient till next week . till next week . they 're not , they 're not , but they notified me early but they notified me early to see if i could make to see if i could make some awards banquet . i 'm not supposed to tell anyone yet . to tell anyone yet . so , you get like so , you get like tons of money , right ? tons of money , right ? some cash , some cash , but it 's mostly but it 's mostly goods and services . goods and services . goods and services . goods and services . it adds up it adds up to like $ 50,000 though . to like $ 50,000 though . that 's ... congrats . that 's ... congrats . $ 50,000 ? $ 50,000 ? nice . nice . hey , mr. networking hey , mr. networking and schmooze master , and schmooze master , didn 't you apply ? didn 't you apply ? scott is on my application scott is on my application for the life chair [ indistinct ] . scott put his own idea into it , though . into it , though . don 't , bell . don 't , bell . what ? what ? you did ? you did ? really ? really ? can we say catfight ? can we say catfight ? yeah , come on . yeah , come on . i entered the last three years i entered the last three years on my own . on my own . it just felt weird not to , it just felt weird not to , but dude , but dude , don 't worry about it . we 're going to get some kick ass equipment some kick ass equipment and we may even want and we may even want to reconsider to reconsider reshooting some things . reshooting some things . this is awesome . this is awesome . so , you 're going to so , you 're going to use the money use the money to produce the film , right ? to produce the film , right ? yeah . yeah . cool . cool . that is great news that is great news because now you can give me because now you can give me my $ 25 back my $ 25 back and we can write this off and we can write this off as a business expense . as a business expense . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] yeah , okay . yeah , okay . here we go . here we go . when is scotty going to die ? when is scotty going to die ? all right . all right . lemmings . lemmings . hey . hey . all right . all right . hold on . hold on . we 're holding . we 're holding . oh , my god . oh , my god . done ? done ? no . no . okay , okay . okay , okay . come on . come on . i ... i ... come on . come on . get on with it . get on with it . it 's not me . it 's not me . all right . all right . hold on . hold on . here we go . here we go . death date . death date . okay . okay . june 8th , 2015 . june 8th , 2015 . stop it . stop it . come on . come on . that 's not right . that 's not right . come on . what does it say , babe ? i knew this was a bad idea . babe , what does it say ? oh , my god . you probably ... you probably ... you know , i put the wrong number in or something . or something . i mean ... i mean ... okay . okay . yeah , yeah , that 's got to be a mistake . that 's got to be a mistake . yeah , that 's got to be a mistake . yeah . yeah . it 's got to be . it 's got to be . scott ? you know what , jay ? maybe just turn maybe just turn the camera off . the camera off . i don 't think ... i don 't think ... no , no . no , no . it 's just ... it 's just ... it 's great . it 's great . it 's ... i 'll be gone it 's ... i 'll be gone and you two can magically and you two can magically fall into each other 's arms . fall into each other 's arms . congrats , man . congrats , man . dude . you 're going to have a perfect little family . scott ? jay , turn the camera off . scott ? scott ? dil ? dil ? yeah , jay . yeah , jay . yeah , please . yeah , please . ♪ music i apologize that life tracker limited is taking up so much is taking up so much time and energy , time and energy , but with the possible threat but with the possible threat that ltl raises , that ltl raises , no precaution no precaution is considered too great . is considered too great . if you don 't know by now , if you don 't know by now , the justice department the justice department stopped fighting the release stopped fighting the release of the ltl death date of the ltl death date information . we simply needed to make sure that the technology that the technology and the information was safe and the information was safe before we allowed it before we allowed it out to the masses . out to the masses . however , now that however , now that the death dates the death dates have been released have been released we are faced with another problem . now , fortunately , now , fortunately , this is a problem this is a problem that we have faced before . that we have faced before . i 'm sure many of you remember i 'm sure many of you remember the turn of the century the turn of the century and the y2k phenomenon . and the y2k phenomenon . of course we all had of course we all had a little chuckle a little chuckle when we woke up when we woke up on january 1 , 2000 on january 1 , 2000 and we had found and we had found that our computers that our computers had not all rebelled had not all rebelled against us . against us . well , here we are again . well , here we are again . in the 72 hours in the 72 hours since these death dates since these death dates have become available , have become available , two major predictions two major predictions have been made by this ltl . the bigger and the more dramatic of the two , dramatic of the two , that the end of the world that the end of the world is coming . is coming . a staggering 99.9 % of all a staggering 99.9 % of all people who have gotten people who have gotten their death dates predicted their death dates predicted including mine , including mine , it 's all on the same date . it 's all on the same date . it 's june 8 , 2015 . it 's june 8 , 2015 . now , i 'm fully aware now , i 'm fully aware that i sound like that i sound like i am reading i am reading from some sort of comic book , from some sort of comic book , but i know that this is but i know that this is going to cause a media stir . going to cause a media stir . and i assure you we are and i assure you we are completely confident that this is not a prediction , but a company 's sick ploy but a company 's sick ploy to achieve worldwide to achieve worldwide sensationalism . sensationalism . my office will be taking every measure conceivable to prove ltl false to prove ltl false and to protect and to protect every american citizen . every american citizen . believe it or not , believe it or not , a major part of the solution a major part of the solution lies with the second lies with the second big prediction . big prediction . the second prediction the second prediction made by ltl made by ltl since tuesday 's release since tuesday 's release that every single person that every single person in or associated in or associated with belfast , northern ireland with belfast , northern ireland that they 've received that they 've received this death date this death date and it 's been predicted and it 's been predicted that they will all perish that they will all perish on september 22 , 2014 . on september 22 , 2014 . i 'm telling you all this i 'm telling you all this not only because not only because you 're going to hear about it you 're going to hear about it in the media anyway in the media anyway but belfast is going but belfast is going to be our proof to be our proof that ltl is nothing more that ltl is nothing more than a party game . than a party game . and then on september 23 , 2014 when the good people of belfast , northern ireland of belfast , northern ireland wake up safe in their beds , wake up safe in their beds , my hope is that this fear my hope is that this fear of looming worldwide doomsday of looming worldwide doomsday will fall by the wayside . will fall by the wayside . for now , you must know for now , you must know that the president , that the president , of course , of course , is being kept up to date is being kept up to date to everything to everything that 's coming in that 's coming in and all pertinent information and all pertinent information as it unfolds we 're going to immediately pass it on immediately pass it on to the american public to the american public and to the world at large . and to the world at large . please remember the world please remember the world is the same as it always was before anyone heard the name of richard ' rocko ' hutchensen of richard ' rocko ' hutchensen and life tracker limited . and life tracker limited . i can assure you that i can assure you that the only thing we need the only thing we need to do to get back on track to do to get back on track is to simply worry is to simply worry about the present . about the present . and we 'll be working hard and we 'll be working hard to prove all of this to you . all right . i have time for i have time for a few questions . a few questions . now , what if we had a collection of data a collection of data that would allow us that would allow us to foretell an epidemic to foretell an epidemic before that epidemic happened ? before that epidemic happened ? i think public is fed up i think public is fed up with everything digital with everything digital from credit cards from credit cards to our iphones . to our iphones . we are literally tracked we are literally tracked night and day . night and day . we only think we only think we live in a free society . we live in a free society . well , why does it matter well , why does it matter if people know if people know where you are , where you are , what you 're doing , abigail , what you 're doing , abigail , if you 're not doing if you 're not doing anything illegal ? are you listening to yourself ? ladies , we are out of time on this subject . on this subject . are there any last words are there any last words you 'd like to leave ? you 'd like to leave ? 20 seconds . 20 seconds . i 'll be quick . i 'll be quick . yes , i would like yes , i would like to say something . to say something . i don 't think giving up i don 't think giving up a little bit of our personal a little bit of our personal privacy is too much to ask . privacy is too much to ask . when we 're talking about when we 're talking about a technology a technology that could conceivably that could conceivably help with world health , help with world health , world hunger , world hunger , and world peace . and world peace . and world domination . what 's going on ? uh , here . uh , here . take this . take this . i have to say something . we 're still shooting today , right ? right ? i can 't work on i can 't work on this project anymore . this project anymore . because of because of the death date thing ? the death date thing ? i just ... i think i need i just ... i think i need to work on my own stuff . to work on my own stuff . but this was your stuff , but this was your stuff , our stuff . our stuff . listen , listen , i appreciate you i appreciate you bringing me in on this , man . bringing me in on this , man . i just ... i just ... i don 't have any reason i don 't have any reason to believe any of it to believe any of it and i definitely don 't think and i definitely don 't think i can keep an indifferent eye i can keep an indifferent eye while hosting this shit . while hosting this shit . this shit ? this shit ? i thought you were ... i thought you were ... sorry , not the doc . sorry , not the doc . just this . just this . all this , this shit . and talk to people about doomsday . about doomsday . i mean you don 't think i mean you don 't think that 's worth shooting ? that 's worth shooting ? exactly . exactly . doomsday . doomsday . doomsday ? doomsday ? so , i 'm doing it alone again . so , i 'm doing it alone again . listen . listen . this doesn 't change anything . this doesn 't change anything . you 're still my bro . you 're still my bro . honestly , this is ... honestly , this is ... i 'm just afraid that if i keep i 'm just afraid that if i keep working on this , working on this , we 're going to lose that we 're going to lose that and it 's not something and it 's not something i 'm willing to ... i 'm willing to ... come on . come on . you know . you know . yeah , okay . yeah , okay . i don 't agree , but i get it . i don 't agree , but i get it . but you owe me today . but you owe me today . you owe me today you owe me today or i 'm having sex with bell . go ahead and stand right up here . and stand right up here . cool . cool . we good ? we good ? great . great . so , you had your print read ? so , you had your print read ? yeah , everyone i know yeah , everyone i know already had one . already had one . so , i figured why not ? so , i figured why not ? did you pay did you pay for the death date upgrade ? for the death date upgrade ? i kind of figured i kind of figured that was a waste of money if that was a waste of money if everybody gets the same date . yeah , i 'm just stocking up on water bottles , on water bottles , batteries , you know , batteries , you know , that kind of thing . that kind of thing . so , you were chosen then ? so , you were chosen then ? chosen ? chosen ? like the matrix ? like the matrix ? no , no . no , no . that 's weird . that 's weird . anyway , i 'm not . anyway , i 'm not . my print says i 'm goners my print says i 'm goners just like everybody else , so ... just like everybody else , so ... in hindsight , in hindsight , i sort of wish i sort of wish i hadn 't got my own date . i hadn 't got my own date . so , we decided not to get his . so , we decided not to get his . sort of an ignorance is bliss sort of an ignorance is bliss kind of thing , kind of thing , you know ? you know ? yeah . so , how do you feel about the idea about the idea of using the belfast track of using the belfast track as a test as a test to prove doomsday wrong ? to prove doomsday wrong ? i think it 's a little sick , i think it 's a little sick , don 't you think ? don 't you think ? how so ? how so ? well , it 's sort of like well , it 's sort of like having someone test your meal having someone test your meal for poison for poison before you take a bite . before you take a bite . i mean , okay , i mean , okay , so what if belfast does tumble ? so what if belfast does tumble ? what then ? what then ? mass hysteria ? mass hysteria ? cats and dogs living together ? cats and dogs living together ? have you heard about have you heard about the chosens ? the chosens ? i know that los angeles i know that los angeles has over 200 . has over 200 . do you know out of how many ? do you know out of how many ? no , do you ? no , do you ? over 780,000 . over 780,000 . oh , my god . questions ? sir . sir . yes ? yes ? general , the story general , the story seems to be growing fast . seems to be growing fast . is there anything specific is there anything specific we should be fearful of ? we should be fearful of ? now , the media is going to now , the media is going to make a big deal out of this make a big deal out of this and i am sure and i am sure that our biggest safety concern that our biggest safety concern is going to be is going to be the amount of people the amount of people that are descending that are descending upon belfast . upon belfast . now , hopefully that plague now , hopefully that plague will put money will put money into the local economy . to see something good come out of this . come out of this . next question . next question . general ? general ? sir ? sir ? sir ? sir ? yes ? yes ? i heard that you were i heard that you were interested in meeting with ltl interested in meeting with ltl to discuss [ indistinct ] ? to discuss [ indistinct ] ? i have never said that . i have never said that . i have always believed that i have always believed that the ltl technology was a joke the ltl technology was a joke and that mr. richard ' rocko' and that mr. richard ' rocko' hutchensen is a fake . hutchensen is a fake . and we will have our proof and we will have our proof on the morning of on the morning of september 23 , 2014 . september 23 , 2014 . next question . next question . has rocko been charged has rocko been charged with any crimes ? with any crimes ? yes , he is currently , yes , he is currently , he is currently facing he is currently facing charges of incitement charges of incitement among other things . among other things . [ indistinct ] ? [ indistinct ] ? yes , there is a charge yes , there is a charge of terrorism , of terrorism , but i am currently but i am currently not at liberty not at liberty to speak about that . to speak about that . one last question , one last question , please . please . should people should people continue to buy the prints ? continue to buy the prints ? absolutely not . absolutely not . we do not want to put money we do not want to put money in the coffers in the coffers of life tracker limited . of life tracker limited . buying prints buying prints and paying readers , and paying readers , it 's only adding fuel it 's only adding fuel to the fire . dillon , i was surprised to get your call . to get your call . do you mind the camera ? do you mind the camera ? i suppose not . i suppose not . i mean unless i mean unless it becomes incriminating . it becomes incriminating . you know you can get you know you can get your death date online , right ? your death date online , right ? i know , but it 's for the movie i know , but it 's for the movie and it 's more and it 's more visually stimulating visually stimulating if i get my information if i get my information from my reader . from my reader . i charge a little more . i charge a little more . i understand . i understand . i have the money . i have the money . well , come on in . well , come on in . 1-0-0-4-5-2 . let 's see . now , this information now , this information is fully accurate is fully accurate no matter what my rating is . no matter what my rating is . however , i 'm sure yours however , i 'm sure yours will be just like mine . will be just like mine . june 8th , 2015 . i 've been hearing that date a lot lately . a lot lately . yeah , you believe it ? yeah , you believe it ? well , the stuff in my print well , the stuff in my print is definitely not true . is definitely not true . no offense . no offense . none taken . none taken . but there 's also evidence but there 's also evidence worldwide that seems worldwide that seems that shouldn 't be ignored . that shouldn 't be ignored . true . true . what do you think ? well , don 't you think i 'm a little biased ? i 'm a little biased ? i do currently make my living i do currently make my living based on this technology . based on this technology . i realize . i realize . well , i 'd say i 'm about 64 % well , i 'd say i 'm about 64 % convinced it 's not a joke . convinced it 's not a joke . [ laughing ] those aren 't very good odds for the people in belfast . for the people in belfast . no . but good odds for you . january 4th , 2060 . man , you 're going to live a long life , mr. smith . a long life , mr. smith . congratulations . congratulations . and it looks like and it looks like you are number 287 you are number 287 in los angeles county . in los angeles county . just over 81,000 worldwide . just over 81,000 worldwide . huh , i guess the question now huh , i guess the question now is do you believe ? but what if i had been some schmuck off the street ? some schmuck off the street ? the attorney general the attorney general would have buried me . would have buried me . that 's what . that 's what . mr. hutchensen , mr. hutchensen , i 'm going to have i 'm going to have to end the interview to end the interview if you keep if you keep using that language . using that language . censorship , censorship , there 's another place there 's another place the government should keep the government should keep its ( censored ) away from . its ( censored ) away from . mr. hutchensen . mr. hutchensen . sorry , penis . sorry , penis . listen , i represent the people , listen , i represent the people , the people all around the people all around this country that are this country that are trying to make something trying to make something of themselves . of themselves . the only difference is the only difference is i 'm not a pathetic failure . i 'm not a pathetic failure . the government should not be allowed to dictate what to dictate what the private sector offers the private sector offers the american people . the american people . that 's communism . that 's communism . so , anything anyone wants so , anything anyone wants they should be allowed to have ? they should be allowed to have ? what about drugs ? what about drugs ? weapons ? weapons ? don 't try to paint me don 't try to paint me into a corner . into a corner . i understand the government i understand the government protecting us protecting us from drugs and guns . from drugs and guns . the government the government needs to step in needs to step in when we start slipping roofies when we start slipping roofies to pubescent boys to pubescent boys and shooting up our schools and shooting up our schools and workplaces . and workplaces . but how 's the service i 'm but how 's the service i 'm offering going to hurt anyone ? offering going to hurt anyone ? it will change what people do it will change what people do and how they think , and how they think , how they act . how they act . are you an idiot ? are you an idiot ? seriously ? seriously ? checking the weather report checking the weather report before going on vacation before going on vacation changes what people do changes what people do and how they act . and how they act . the president is attacking me the president is attacking me and my legal business and my legal business personally . personally . he has all the money he has all the money in the u.s. treasury in the u.s. treasury to prevent me to prevent me from releasing a product from releasing a product in a free market in a free market capitalist system . capitalist system . is that fair ? is that fair ? it 's been a matter of weeks it 's been a matter of weeks since you released since you released the death dates the death dates and ltl 's prints are telling and ltl 's prints are telling 99.9 % of the people 99.9 % of the people who have taken the test who have taken the test that they 're going to die that they 're going to die on june 8 , 2015 . on june 8 , 2015 . your point ? your point ? well , my point , my point is don 't you think that 's a bit far-fetched ? that 's a bit far-fetched ? a bit drastic ? a bit drastic ? well , that 's two questions . well , that 's two questions . far-fetched ? far-fetched ? no . no . was it too far-fetched was it too far-fetched to believe at one point to believe at one point in our world 's history in our world 's history that 25 % of the population died that 25 % of the population died because of fleas on rats ? because of fleas on rats ? ( censored ) happens . ( censored ) happens . what about the claim what about the claim that this is one big that this is one big publicity stunt ? publicity stunt ? i think it 's a brilliant way i think it 's a brilliant way to fight me . to fight me . bravo , team usa . bravo , team usa . so , it 's a stunt ? so , it 's a stunt ? i heard that your print i heard that your print said you were going said you were going to grow a brain tumor . to grow a brain tumor . how 's that working for you ? how 's that working for you ? this interview this interview is not about me . is not about me . so , it 's true ? so , it 's true ? really ? really ? what was it that i heard ? what was it that i heard ? four months ? four months ? four months , wasn 't it ? four months , wasn 't it ? i heard that you had i heard that you had four months to live . four months to live . i 'd prefer i 'd prefer if we stayed on topic . if we stayed on topic . mary mother of christ . mary mother of christ . so , your print so , your print was right on the money was right on the money and you 're trying and you 're trying to convince your viewers to convince your viewers that it 's unreliable ? that it 's unreliable ? mr. hutchensen . mr. hutchensen . are you serious ? are you serious ? mr. hutchensen . mr. hutchensen . you irresponsible stupid you irresponsible stupid ( censored ) . ( censored ) . okay . okay . thank you , mr. hutchensen . it 's been a pleasure having you . having you . ♪ music okay , so , things have gotten things have gotten just a tid bit crazy just a tid bit crazy in the last few weeks . in the last few weeks . so far 890 million people so far 890 million people worldwide have gotten worldwide have gotten their death dates predicted . their death dates predicted . out of those just under out of those just under 2 million are predicted 2 million are predicted to live past doomsday . to live past doomsday . that 's one in every 450 people . i mean i don 't even think i know 450 people . i know 450 people . and that means that out of and that means that out of the approximately 11 million the approximately 11 million people that live in the people that live in the greater los angeles area , greater los angeles area , only 25,000 will be left . only 25,000 will be left . some are calling it nature 's some are calling it nature 's answer to over population answer to over population and everyone from scientists and everyone from scientists to bums on the street to bums on the street are predicting are predicting how it 's going to happen . how it 's going to happen . theories range theories range from simultaneous from simultaneous worldwide natural disasters worldwide natural disasters to what christians to what christians call the rapture . call the rapture . and some are even taking things and some are even taking things into their own hands into their own hands and there have been and there have been a number of cult-ish , a number of cult-ish , jim jones , jim jones , drink the purple kool-aid drink the purple kool-aid mass suicides . mass suicides . i mean it 's crazy . i mean it 's crazy . and chosens , that 's what and chosens , that 's what they 're calling us , they 're calling us , chosens are having chosens are having support groups , meetings , support groups , meetings , gatherings gatherings to try and figure out to try and figure out what it is what it is that we have in common . that we have in common . you know what it is you know what it is that makes us- - did you think i wouldn 't find out ? i wouldn 't find out ? stop it . stop it . stop . stop . why didn 't you tell me ? why didn 't you tell me ? huh ? huh ? oh , i 'm sorry . oh , i 'm sorry . are you too good to talk to me are you too good to talk to me now that you 're mr. chosen ? now that you 're mr. chosen ? scott . scott . okay , because after okay , because after i found out i found out how special you were , how special you were , i went and got i went and got bell 's death date . are going to have long , happy lives together , happy lives together , does that make you happy ? does that make you happy ? huh ? huh ? are you ... ? are you ... ? i bet you pray i bet you pray this is all true . this is all true . you 're just antsy you 're just antsy to have her all to yourself . to have her all to yourself . scott . how you feel about her . stop . stop . it 's not like it 's not like you hide it well . you hide it well . really ? you 're really not going to say anything ? to say anything ? scott , stop it . scott , stop it . son of a bitch ! son of a bitch ! you know how i know you know how i know this is all fake ? this is all fake ? because i can [ indistinct ] . because i can [ indistinct ] . scott ! scott ! scott ! scott ! scott , get off of him ! scott , get off of him ! scott ! scott ! get off . get off . scott ! scott ! scott ! scott ! how does it feel to be chosen now , dillon ? huh ? huh ? how does it feel ? how does it feel ? scott ! scott ! [ indistinct ] [ indistinct ] scott ! scott ! get off of him ! get off of him ! [ water splashing ] are you insane ? what is wrong with you ? what is wrong with you ? what is wrong with both of you ? what is wrong with both of you ? ♪ music headed to spokane . couldn 't get through the couldn 't get through the automated telephone system . automated telephone system . so , i 'm just going to show up so , i 'm just going to show up and try and catch rocko and try and catch rocko by surprise . i figure what have i got to lose ? and i mean i can 't really make a life tracker documentary a life tracker documentary without trying to talk without trying to talk to the man himself . to the man himself . wish me luck . okay , home sweet home . found this in the lobby . so , i guess i am just so , i guess i am just going to go wait going to go wait outside of his office building . outside of his office building . ♪ music rocko , rocko , my name is dillon smith . i 'm making a documentary about life tracker . about life tracker . mr. hutchensen mr. hutchensen isn 't interested . i just want to ask you a few questions . a few questions . don 't make me repeat myself . don 't make me repeat myself . who are you ? who are you ? i 'm dillon smith . i 'm dillon smith . what ? are you making a movie ? why ? why ? what 's that going to do ? what 's that going to do ? does that prove something ? does that prove something ? no , the only proof no , the only proof is predictions coming true . is predictions coming true . sir , that is enough . sir , that is enough . put that camera away . put that camera away . you want your proof ? you want your proof ? here it is . here it is . my print will be my print will be made public tomorrow made public tomorrow and because of it , and because of it , today will go down in history . today will go down in history . now , leave me the hell alone . now , leave me the hell alone . now , put the camera away . you know something that the world doesn 't ? that the world doesn 't ? what does your print say , what does your print say , rocko ? rocko ? [ gunshots ] [ gunshots ] oh , my god . oh , my god . get his gun . get his gun . get his gun . get his gun . [ screaming ] [ screaming ] one shooter . one shooter . one shooter . one shooter . get him . get him . [ indistinct ] [ indistinct ] huh ? i just wanted my family to be left alone , but no . to be left alone , but no . you had to make you had to make that goddamn prediction , that goddamn prediction , didn 't you ? didn 't you ? huh ? huh ? ♪ music about 20 minutes ago about 20 minutes ago i heard on the radio i heard on the radio that a group of chosens that a group of chosens were meeting at a house were meeting at a house in the valley in the valley when a group when a group of apparently violent of apparently violent demonstrators showed up . i came out to grab my camera and i found this . and i found this . the letters cbw the letters cbw stand for chosen by who ? stand for chosen by who ? and the slashes represent and the slashes represent the number of chosens the number of chosens that live in the building . that live in the building . me and bell . me and bell . i don 't know i don 't know if they looked us up . or if they saw this . dear dillon smith , dear dillon smith , anderson cooper anderson cooper is putting together is putting together a round table discussion a round table discussion of the recent verbal , of the recent verbal , emotional , emotional , and physical abuse of chosens . and physical abuse of chosens . we 've attempted to call , we 've attempted to call , but our calls but our calls have gone unanswered . have footage documenting life tracker limited . life tracker limited . anderson would love to talk anderson would love to talk to you about being on the show . to you about being on the show . please call please call at your earliest convenience . this is why i haven 't answered their calls . i was expecting a little more than this . a little more than this . i know it doesn 't i know it doesn 't look like much , look like much , but i promise but i promise it 's everything we need . your footage of rocko 's death went viral pretty fast . i 'm still trying to get over it . to get over it . wrong place , wrong place , right time i guess . ♪ music so , should we start ? absolutely . i think most people already know you already know you as a news correspondent , as a news correspondent , but would you please but would you please state your name state your name and point of view ? and point of view ? sure . sure . my name is abigail wesson-levitt and i am an international and i am an international activist activist for the pro choices cause . for the pro choices cause . do you want some water ? do you want some water ? no . no . sorry , i 'll be fine . sorry , i 'll be fine . your stance your stance is that it is better is that it is better to not know your future to not know your future before you live it ? before you live it ? precisely . precisely . i 'm pro choices , i 'm pro choices , which is a movement which is a movement against print readings ? against print readings ? because we believe because we believe that your decisions ... that your decisions ... once tainted by predictions once tainted by predictions are no longer are no longer your own decisions . your own decisions . i have my print i have my print and i still make and i still make my own decisions . my own decisions . do you ? do you ? you don 't think that your you don 't think that your decisions are tainted by decisions are tainted by information that you found information that you found in your print ? in your print ? my reader only had my reader only had a 64 % accuracy rating . a 64 % accuracy rating . i had your print re-read i had your print re-read by mr. ranchaw here . by mr. ranchaw here . he has a rating of 92 % . he has a rating of 92 % . nobody has a rating of 92 % . nobody has a rating of 92 % . ♪ music wait , where did you get wait , where did you get a copy of my print ? a copy of my print ? i also know you 're a chosen . i also know you 're a chosen . ♪ music would you like to conduct would you like to conduct a little experiment ? a little experiment ? we took the liberty we took the liberty of asking some of asking some very specific questions very specific questions to your print . to your print . i 'm not sure how comfortable i 'm not sure how comfortable i am with this . i am with this . okay . okay . well , it 's your doc . well , it 's your doc . so , it 's your decision , so , it 's your decision , but i can prove right now but i can prove right now that the future is changeable . that the future is changeable . ♪ music okay , i 'll play along . okay , i 'll play along . we asked your print , we asked your print , when was the last time when was the last time you had sex ? you had sex ? that 's a bit personal , that 's a bit personal , don 't you think ? don 't you think ? looking at specific hormones looking at specific hormones a body produces a body produces during intercourse , during intercourse , your last ejaculation your last ejaculation was four days ago was four days ago and you 're not scheduled and you 're not scheduled to do it again to do it again for another two . for another two . excuse me ? excuse me ? we have 92 % accuracy . we have 92 % accuracy . we compared it to my own print we compared it to my own print and i haven 't had ... and i haven 't had ... i haven 't been ... i haven 't been ... i haven 't been active i haven 't been active in the two weeks in the two weeks since we scheduled since we scheduled this interview . this interview . okay . okay . this is really weird . this is really weird . i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry . i 'm not comfortable i 'm not comfortable with this interview . with this interview . wait . wait . no , no . i 'm getting to my point . i promise . i promise . it will only take a second . it will only take a second . if either of us if either of us were to have intercourse today . were to have intercourse today . now , then we 've proven now , then we 've proven the whole thing fallible . the whole thing fallible . even at 92 % accuracy . even at 92 % accuracy . i am sorry , dillon . i am sorry , dillon . this is weird for me too . this is weird for me too . crazy . crazy . what does this prove ? what does this prove ? this doesn 't prove anything . this doesn 't prove anything . in a battle of science in a battle of science i believe that human nature i believe that human nature wins every time . wins every time . human nature human nature is the basis of science . is the basis of science . okay . okay . you 've proven your point . you 've proven your point . just ... just ... no , no , no . no , no , no . okay , stop , stop . okay , stop , stop . if i stop now then i will have proven the opposite of my point . the opposite of my point . i want to prove that you i want to prove that you can change what a print says . and both of our prints say that neither one of us that neither one of us is supposed to have is supposed to have intercourse today . intercourse today . human nature says that human nature says that you are a 30 something year old you are a 30 something year old straight male who hasn 't had a straight male who hasn 't had a lot of experience with women . lot of experience with women . it also says that if a woman , it also says that if a woman , almost any woman almost any woman who is willing who is willing and determined to have sex and determined to have sex with you that there is with you that there is very little you can do very little you can do to fight off to fight off what is a completely natural what is a completely natural and unpredictable event . and unpredictable event . oh , my god . oh , my god . seriously ? seriously ? you don 't have to do this . you don 't have to do this . please . you have no idea how hard it was to get up the nerve . was to get up the nerve . please . bell just called and said she needed to talk . and said she needed to talk . she said she didn 't want to do it over the phone . so , i told her to come down . to actually use this in the movie in the movie and i feel guilty enough and i feel guilty enough about it already , about it already , but i don 't know what she 's going to say and she sounded and she sounded desperately serious . desperately serious . she 's literally on her way over she 's literally on her way over right now . so , i 'm covering the record light the record light with a piece of gaff tape . [ knocking ] i 'm sorry , bell . hey . what 's going on ? is it scott ? no . no . it 's me . it 's me . i 'm just so confused . about what ? there are things in my print there are things in my print that change the entire plan that change the entire plan i had for my life . i mean , what do you do with that information ? with that information ? do you just hold onto it ? do you just hold onto it ? or do you just accept it or do you just accept it and change ? and change ? what if i 'm changing something what if i 'm changing something that i shouldn 't have changed ? that i shouldn 't have changed ? bell , you just have to go on bell , you just have to go on living the life living the life you were already living . you were already living . scott is pressuring me scott is pressuring me to get pregnant . to get pregnant . don 't you want kids ? don 't you want kids ? yeah , but he doesn 't . yeah , but he doesn 't . he just wants to prove he just wants to prove his print is wrong . his print is wrong . maybe , but he loves you too maybe , but he loves you too and i 'm sure you guys and i 'm sure you guys were going were going to have kids anyway . to have kids anyway . and i mean wouldn 't that do it ? and i mean wouldn 't that do it ? tangible proof tangible proof that this is all bs ? that this is all bs ? i don 't want a baby as some i don 't want a baby as some sort of science experiment . sort of science experiment . then wait . then wait . i 've always wanted kids i 've always wanted kids my whole life and now i don 't ? my whole life and now i don 't ? maybe i don 't love scott . yes , you do . okay , maybe i do , okay , maybe i do , but maybe , maybe but maybe , maybe love doesn 't matter as much love doesn 't matter as much as we thought it did . as we thought it did . maybe what matters most of all maybe what matters most of all is survival . is survival . dillon , maybe you and i dillon , maybe you and i are meant to be together . are meant to be together . you don 't think scott you don 't think scott wants me dead enough ? wants me dead enough ? what if the print is right ? what if the print is right ? it 's not , okay ? it 's not , okay ? i can 't be with him anymore . i can 't be with him anymore . he 's so angry . he 's so angry . he 's drinking all the time . he 's drinking all the time . he 's always stoned . he 's getting the shit end of the stick , bell . of the stick , bell . i mean not you , not me . i mean not you , not me . if you and i are just if you and i are just destined to be together destined to be together i just want to get there . i just want to get there . do you understand that ? do you understand that ? i just , i want to move on . wow . thank you for the romance . i 've always fantasized i 've always fantasized about the day my dream girl about the day my dream girl would settle for me would settle for me because she just because she just wants to move on . wants to move on . dillon , i 'm sorry . dillon , i 'm sorry . i didn 't mean it like that . i didn 't mean it like that . don 't be sorry to me , okay ? don 't be sorry to me , okay ? be sorry to scott . be sorry to scott . the reason he 's pissed the reason he 's pissed is because he loves you . is because he loves you . so , maybe you should so , maybe you should try comforting him . i 'm sorry , dillon , i- - ♪ music [ door closes ] [ door closes ] ♪ music [ clock ticking ] ♪ music this probably isn 't very good this probably isn 't very good for the success of this doc , for the success of this doc , but who cares , right ? but who cares , right ? belfast is safe . belfast is safe . people are safe . people are safe . doomsday fear doomsday fear is a thing of the past . now , we 've got to figure out how to put ourselves how to put ourselves back together . back together . but i think we 're going but i think we 're going to wait until the night 's over . to wait until the night 's over . cheers . ♪ music there 's my car . i haven 't been i haven 't been the best documentarian . the best documentarian . before the belfast party before the belfast party last week last week i hadn 't turned on i hadn 't turned on the camera for months . the camera for months . i don 't really speak i don 't really speak to scott or bell anymore . to scott or bell anymore . scott says hello scott says hello when we pass in the halls when we pass in the halls and bell smiled and waved and bell smiled and waved the other day when i was the other day when i was on my way to the pool . on my way to the pool . but as for being friends , but as for being friends , that seems to be over . that seems to be over . i don 't know . i don 't know . things are going good things are going good for them though . for them though . scott put in his 30-day notice scott put in his 30-day notice and i saw a ring and i saw a ring on bell 's finger . on bell 's finger . so , two and two so , two and two equals four , right ? equals four , right ? as for the rest of the world , as for the rest of the world , i can 't say i can 't say it 's been that easy . it 's been that easy . it seems like every day it seems like every day i learn something else i learn something else that i didn 't realize that i didn 't realize could be could be affected by the prints . affected by the prints . here 's a montage of things here 's a montage of things i stole off the web . belfast is fine . in fact , in fact , the town has been invigorated the town has been invigorated by a kind of new hope . by a kind of new hope . elsewhere , elsewhere , we found quite we found quite a different story a different story as much work remains as much work remains to pick up the pieces to pick up the pieces of a world broken of a world broken by false expectations . i don 't think lives were spared . were spared . i don 't think belfast i don 't think belfast was ever in any danger . in pakistan , they 're reporting they 're reporting 37 % unemployment 37 % unemployment and 100,000 dead and 100,000 dead and the main cause is cholera . and the main cause is cholera . cholera ? you and your group believe that the belfast track that the belfast track was planted in the technology was planted in the technology by the american government . by the american government . yes , sir . yes , sir . no , please . no , please . in brazil , in brazil , there are no imports there are no imports or exports . or exports . they 're reporting 22 % they 're reporting 22 % unemployment and untold dead . unemployment and untold dead . we assume that number we assume that number to be big , to be big , but there 's no way of knowing but there 's no way of knowing because there 's no press because there 's no press getting in getting in or out of the country . this one can 't be blamed on wall street . on wall street . i mean people i mean people made rash decisions made rash decisions because they literally because they literally thought they knew the future . thought they knew the future . data can be analyzed data can be analyzed countless ways and each way countless ways and each way poses the possibility poses the possibility of a new hypothesis . of a new hypothesis . it took over a year it took over a year in legal mire for ltl in legal mire for ltl to even be allowed to even be allowed to release this technology to release this technology and then months and months and then months and months before they were free before they were free to release the death dates . and then the government just gives up . just gives up . can you tell me why can you tell me why not a single female not a single female under the age of 14 under the age of 14 who has had their print read who has had their print read is predicted to ever is predicted to ever have a child ? have a child ? some have tried some have tried to build new lives , to build new lives , others have attempted others have attempted to rebuild their old lives . to rebuild their old lives . steven carter and countless steven carter and countless others have simply decided others have simply decided to end it . to end it . some are going some are going as far as to say as far as to say that these sad cases that these sad cases are not suicide , are not suicide , but cold-hearted recklessness but cold-hearted recklessness at the hands at the hands of richard hutchensen . of richard hutchensen . i think that rocko hutchensen i think that rocko hutchensen got exactly what he deserved . last time we met , we 'd talked about a broken bone we 'd talked about a broken bone in your childhood . in your childhood . you remember that ? you remember that ? sure . sure . well , i probably owe you well , i probably owe you partial credit for this . partial credit for this . i sought out all trial i sought out all trial patients who had predicted patients who had predicted levels of bone mending cells . levels of bone mending cells . one gentleman one gentleman had a print that said had a print that said he would be injured he would be injured in a few weeks . in a few weeks . now , just to be safe now , just to be safe we surrounded him we surrounded him with a rotating deluge with a rotating deluge of interns to watch over him of interns to watch over him for a whole week for a whole week just in case just in case the print was off a little bit . the print was off a little bit . now , a person now , a person can break a bone can break a bone just standing up . just standing up . so , we literally made him so , we literally made him comfortable in his own bed comfortable in his own bed and took care and took care of all of his needs . of all of his needs . a week of reading a week of reading and watching movies and watching movies he actually thought he actually thought it was relaxing . it was relaxing . so , you were able so , you were able to prove it wrong ? to prove it wrong ? mr. marshall mr. marshall lives on a residential street lives on a residential street at the end of a t-intersection . at the end of a t-intersection . at 3 : 00 on the fourth day at 3 : 00 on the fourth day of our test a kid of our test a kid paying too much attention paying too much attention to his cellphone blows through to his cellphone blows through a stop sign a stop sign and slams into and slams into mr. marshall 's house . mr. marshall 's house . let me guess . let me guess . he broke a bone ? he broke a bone ? he suffered a broken ulna he suffered a broken ulna and three small bones and three small bones in his right hand . in his right hand . that means ltl was able that means ltl was able to predict the car accident ? to predict the car accident ? no . no . it predicted it predicted that he would break bones , that he would break bones , but how many other things but how many other things went into that prediction ? went into that prediction ? if he hadn 't been if he hadn 't been part of our study part of our study maybe he wouldn 't have maybe he wouldn 't have been home in bed been home in bed at 3 : 00 in the afternoon . at 3 : 00 in the afternoon . so , his dna essentially so , his dna essentially had already factored in had already factored in that he 'd be part of your test ? that he 'd be part of your test ? hmm , who knows ? hmm , who knows ? maybe . maybe he would have broken a bone some other way . broken a bone some other way . maybe he wouldn 't have maybe he wouldn 't have broken any bones at all broken any bones at all and we set up and we set up some terrible coincidence . i 'm only calling because i thought you deserved to know . i thought you deserved to know . are you sure it 's mine ? are you sure it 's mine ? yes , i did it on purpose , yes , i did it on purpose , dillon . dillon . are you saying you set me up ? are you saying you set me up ? that really sounds bad . that really sounds bad . yeah , it does . yeah , it does . when are you due ? when are you due ? three weeks . three weeks . oh , my god . oh , my god . i just don 't understand . i just don 't understand . you planned this . i knew who you were because of your [ indistinct ] because of your [ indistinct ] when you called about an when you called about an interview for your doc interview for your doc i did some research . i did some research . i couldn 't believe i couldn 't believe that my print that my print matched up with yours . matched up with yours . when i learned you were when i learned you were a chosen it just made sense a chosen it just made sense to make our baby to make our baby with a chosen too . with a chosen too . and through it i could and through it i could still somehow live on . still somehow live on . is it a boy or a girl ? is it a boy or a girl ? a boy . a boy . i mean what were i mean what were you going to do ? you going to do ? just leave him on my doorstep just leave him on my doorstep the night before doomsday ? the night before doomsday ? i don 't even know . i don 't even know . i even had his print i even had his print done in utero . done in utero . what ? what ? i don 't know i don 't know what i 'm supposed to say or do . what i 'm supposed to say or do . look , if you want to be look , if you want to be a part of his life you can be . a part of his life you can be . if not , that is fine too . if not , that is fine too . you know i could probably you know i could probably even be convinced to even be convinced to give him up for adoption . i 'm going to need some time , okay ? okay ? you know , you know , to wrap my head around this . to wrap my head around this . i understand . i 'll call you . i 'm sorry . me too . bye . [ clock ticking ] [ knocking ] [ knocking ] [ whistling ] [ whistling ] hey , what 's up ? you going out for doomsday ? you going out for doomsday ? no , i was planning on no , i was planning on watching the festivities on tv . watching the festivities on tv . ugh , boring . i want you to come out with us tonight . we 're going to this place called the warehouse downtown . called the warehouse downtown . zack 's got a gig there . zack 's got a gig there . um , uh ... um , uh ... no rush . no rush . we 're leaving in a few hours . we 're leaving in a few hours . it 's going to be me , bell , it 's going to be me , bell , drake , jay , ellie , drake , jay , ellie , the whole crew the whole crew and well hopefully you . and well hopefully you . this is sort of this is sort of out of the blue . out of the blue . yeah . yeah . i figured tonight was kind of i figured tonight was kind of the obvious time the obvious time to start over , you know ? to start over , you know ? and i come with and i come with a peace offering . a peace offering . i got five of them at my job . i got five of them at my job . they 're corporate advertising they 're corporate advertising bribes , bribes , but they 're pretty impressive but they 're pretty impressive little bitches . little bitches . i thought maybe i thought maybe you could use it you could use it to shoot some stuff to shoot some stuff as a button for the doc . as a button for the doc . the life tracker doc . the life tracker doc . oh , yeah . oh , yeah . i sort of stopped i sort of stopped working on that . working on that . yeah , i hear yeah , i hear you got a job you got a job at red and tan productions . at red and tan productions . yeah . they 're keeping me pretty busy . pretty busy . that 's great . that 's great . yeah , i mean i have to start yeah , i mean i have to start paying rent though , paying rent though , you know ? i don 't have time to manage this place . to manage this place . oh , poor baby . oh , poor baby . i know . i know . i know . i know . i 've had it easy . i 've had it easy . well , shoot whatever well , shoot whatever you want with it , you want with it , but it 's yours . but it 's yours . we 're all going we 're all going to have them tonight . to have them tonight . they fit pretty snug they fit pretty snug in your hand . in your hand . they 're nice , man . they 're nice , man . i miss you , man . i miss you , man . bell misses you too . bell misses you too . we 're getting married . we 're getting married . i heard . i heard . congratulations . congratulations . thanks . thanks . can we put this all behind us ? can we put this all behind us ? yeah . yeah . sorry for all of this . sorry for all of this . no , it 's not your fault . no , it 's not your fault . it 's no one 's fault . it 's no one 's fault . i 'll get ready and come up . i 'll get ready and come up . cool . cool . and look good . use the end of the world as an excuse . as an excuse . if you can 't get laid tonight , if you can 't get laid tonight , you 're hopeless . you 're hopeless . ♪ music [ cheering ] [ cheering ] yeah . yeah . oh , yeah . oh , yeah . thank you . thank you . thank you . thank you . thank you . thank you . everybody raise them up . everybody raise them up . raise them up . raise them up . come on . come on . we 're all dying we 're all dying in a couple of hours . in a couple of hours . end of the world ! end of the world ! give me some cheers . give me some cheers . give me some cheers . give me some cheers . give me some cheers . give me some cheers . yeah , yeah . yeah , yeah . you know what ? you know what ? before i drink too , before i drink too , i just want to say i just want to say for all the people ... for all the people ... what are you doing ? what are you doing ? [ laughing ] [ laughing ] oh , my god . oh , my god . look at this . look at this . this girl is totally this girl is totally chatting with dillon . chatting with dillon . she 's cute . she 's cute . oh , my god . oh , my god . what do you think what do you think she 's saying to him ? she 's saying to him ? i work in movies . i work in movies . oh , my god . oh , my god . really ? really ? oh , my god . oh , my god . because i 'm an actress . because i 'm an actress . it must be fate it must be fate that we met tonight . that we met tonight . yeah , it 's just like yeah , it 's just like it 's too bad it 's too bad it 's like the last night it 's like the last night on earth , right ? on earth , right ? oh , my god . oh , my god . i guess we better i guess we better make the most of it . make the most of it . oh , my god . oh , my god . look at her hands . look at her hands . she 's holding hands she 's holding hands with someone . with someone . what ? what ? he better not be he better not be paying for that whore 's drink . paying for that whore 's drink . oh , my god . oh , my god . she 's so busted . she 's so busted . no , look at her . no , look at her . oh , she 's brushing him off . oh , she 's brushing him off . she 's brushing him off . she 's brushing him off . what a slut . what a slut . what a slut . what a slut . oh , my god , dillon . oh , my god , dillon . no , come on . no , come on . poor dillon . poor dillon . buddy . buddy . man down . man down . what happened ? what happened ? did you guys film ? did you guys film ? did you get all of that ? did you get all of that ? oh , we got it all . oh , we got it all . we got it all . we got it all . yes , but you know what ? yes , but you know what ? i 'm sorry , man . i 'm sorry , man . i hope you couldn 't hear it . i hope you couldn 't hear it . no . no . no , we didn 't hear it . no , we didn 't hear it . yeah , [ indistinct ] . yeah , [ indistinct ] . it was worth a try . it was worth a try . cheers to the next . cheers to the next . aw , dillon . aw , dillon . we love you . we love you . i know . i know . i know . i know . we do . we do . yeah . yeah . and you look and you look so handsome tonight . so handsome tonight . oh , well . oh , well . shucks . we 're going to find you a way sexier girl . a way sexier girl . okay , good . we 're going to get you laid tonight , buddy . laid tonight , buddy . yeah , yeah . yeah , yeah . i know . if i can 't do it tonight then i 'm hopeless , right ? then i 'm hopeless , right ? then you 're hopeless . then you 're hopeless . i know . i know . [ clock ticking ] ♪ music well , here we are . well , here we are . technically , technically , it 's june 9 , 2015 . it 's june 9 , 2015 . doomsday ended doomsday ended three hours ago . three hours ago . the only thing to end the only thing to end on doomsday is on doomsday is the last chapter of this doc . the last chapter of this doc . [ knocking ] [ knocking ] come in . hey . hey . hey . scott went over to jay 's scott went over to jay 's to keep drinking , to keep drinking , but i was done . but i was done . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] it was a fun night . it was a fun night . zack was great . zack was great . yeah , he was . yeah , he was . i just wanted to make sure i just wanted to make sure you got home okay . you got home okay . i actually didn 't i actually didn 't drink that much . i 'm really glad you came out tonight . you came out tonight . i missed you . i missed you . i missed you guys too . i missed you guys too . crazy about that crazy about that reporter lady , huh ? reporter lady , huh ? i know , right ? i 'm going to call her tomorrow . tomorrow . good luck with that . good luck with that . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] well , off to bed . well , off to bed . hangover breakfast hangover breakfast tomorrow afternoon ? tomorrow afternoon ? i think i can be convinced . i think i can be convinced . good . good . [ laughing ] [ laughing ] i 'll call you i 'll call you when we wake up . when we wake up . good night . good night . night . night . [ vibrating ] [ vibrating ] dillon ? dillon ? [ vibrating ] [ vibrating ] oh , my god . oh , my god . what 's going on ? what 's going on ? [ car alarm beeping ] [ car alarm beeping ] dillon ? dillon ? bell , this way . bell , this way . this way . get down . get down . get down . bell , get down . bell , get down . [ banging ] [ banging ] dillon ? hold still . hold still . hold onto me . hold onto me . it will be okay . it will be okay . it 's going to be okay . it 's going to be okay . [ banging ] [ banging ] [ screaming ] [ indistinct ] [ indistinct ] dillon ? dillon ? ♪ music i think so . i think so . we found this partially we found this partially standing house standing house to take shelter in . to take shelter in . we 've been here we 've been here for three days . for three days . no one 's come . no one 's come . people who lived here people who lived here had some hiking backpacks had some hiking backpacks so we stuffed them so we stuffed them full of clothes , full of clothes , scavenged for canned food , scavenged for canned food , some survival tools , some survival tools , couple personal keepsakes , couple personal keepsakes , and maybe it 's dumb and maybe it 's dumb but i 'm bringing my cameras but i 'm bringing my cameras and my archives . and my archives . battery light is blinking . ♪ music epilogue , epilogue , this movie didn 't this movie didn 't turn out to be turn out to be the polished the polished and masterful cinema and masterful cinema that i had hoped , that i had hoped , but thanks to my new friend but thanks to my new friend ryan whitney ryan whitney with the help of his harmonica with the help of his harmonica and guitar and guitar we were able to at least we were able to at least get a score , get a score , which is incredible . which is incredible . and now that it 's done and now that it 's done i can see i can see that it really wasn 't a movie that it really wasn 't a movie that i was making at all , that i was making at all , you know ? you know ? i think it 's more of i think it 's more of a time capsule . a time capsule . what the world was like before what the world was like before and maybe even a little bit and maybe even a little bit about why about why and how it collapsed . and how it collapsed . i don 't know if in the grand i don 't know if in the grand scheme of things scheme of things i was meant to capture it all i was meant to capture it all on tape or not , on tape or not , but here it is for anyone but here it is for anyone who wants to see . who wants to see . the rest of the chosens the rest of the chosens think that ... that word chosens , it 's just still really it 's just still really strange to me . strange to me . but anyway they think i 'm nuts but anyway they think i 'm nuts because i took because i took a gas powered generator a gas powered generator from an old home depot from an old home depot and used it so i could power up and used it so i could power up the cameras and my laptop the cameras and my laptop so that i could so that i could edit this thing . edit this thing . and they might have a point and they might have a point because carrying that stuff because carrying that stuff around has been a bitch . around has been a bitch . so , thank god that it 's done . so , thank god that it 's done . i 'm leaving i 'm leaving the generator behind . the generator behind . there 's a copy of the movie there 's a copy of the movie on this camera 's drive on this camera 's drive and i 'm leaving it behind too . and i 'm leaving it behind too . i 've got my copy i 've got my copy on the camera scott gave me . on the camera scott gave me . as i say goodbye as i say goodbye to this chapter of my life to this chapter of my life i need to say goodbye i need to say goodbye to those that i 've lost . mom , i love you and i miss you . pat , you never got your print read . got your print read . so , who knows ? so , who knows ? maybe i still have maybe i still have a brother out there . a brother out there . i 'll never stop looking . to the rest of my friends and family , and family , i promise to keep i promise to keep your memories alive . your memories alive . come on , dil . come on , dil . we 're off . we 're off . coming . coming . and scott , i can 't tell you and scott , i can 't tell you how much you 're missed . how much you 're missed . bell loves you so much . bell loves you so much . you were everything to her you were everything to her and i will never let and i will never let anything interfere with that . anything interfere with that . and i promise you , my friend , and i promise you , my friend , i will never let i will never let anything happen to her . anything happen to her . i swear . all right . bye . [ camera static ] ♪ music ♪ waiting for some wings ♪ waiting for some wings ♪ to hold me . ♪ to hold me . ♪ in your place i 've found you . ♪ in your place i 've found you . ♪ now that you are gone . ♪ now that you are gone . ♪ waiting for something ♪ waiting for something ♪ to change me . ♪ to change me . ♪ or even rearrange ♪ or even rearrange ♪ the pieces left undone . ♪ the pieces left undone . ♪ and it 's too late . ♪ and it 's too late . ♪ now , ♪ now , ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ it 's too late . ♪ it 's too late . ♪ now , ♪ now , ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ and i 've already have ♪ and i 've already have ♪ [ indistinct ] time to say ♪ [ indistinct ] time to say ♪ goodbye . ♪ goodbye . ♪ so , goodbye to the tears ♪ so , goodbye to the tears ♪ i gave you . ♪ i gave you . ♪ i didn 't see them with you . ♪ i didn 't see them with you . ♪ when you made your run . ♪ when you made your run . ♪ but goodbye there 's ♪ but goodbye there 's ♪ no time to waste here . ♪ no time to waste here . ♪ [ indistinct ] ♪ [ indistinct ] ♪ we need to see the sun . ♪ we need to see the sun . ♪ we need to see the sun . ♪ we need to see the sun . ♪ we need to see the sun . ♪ we need to see the sun . ♪ it 's too late . ♪ it 's too late . ♪ now , ♪ now , ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ it 's too late . ♪ it 's too late . ♪ now , ♪ now , ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ [ indistinct ] time to say . ♪ [ indistinct ] time to say . ♪ [ indistinct ] ♪ [ indistinct ] ♪ just let me be . ♪ just let me be . ♪ just let me be . ♪ just let me be . ♪ music ♪ waiting for these wings ♪ waiting for these wings ♪ to take me . ♪ to take me . ♪ to a place beyond you . ♪ to a place beyond you . ♪ now that you are gone . ♪ now that you are gone . ♪ and it 's too late . ♪ and it 's too late . ♪ now , ♪ now , ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ and it 's too late . ♪ and it 's too late . ♪ now , ♪ now , ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ you 've gone away . ♪ [ indistinct ] time to say ♪ [ indistinct ] time to say ♪ goodbye .
