 The Three Jewels of Buddhism ... Something is trying to get our attention , trying to tell us something . the Hindu Trimurti ... We see it going back very , very far into the earliest aspects of human history . and the Holy Trinity of Christianity . The number represents a portal , a gateway , into another realm . Throughout human history , the number three has always had a unique significance . But why ? No matter what ancient culture you look at , the highest ones always came as threes . What is it about the number three that makes it play such a big role in religion , architecture and even the occult ? And could there be an extraterrestrial connection ? Once we understand this power of three , we ourselves will become like our creators , the gods . Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might the secrets of the universe be revealed by examining the incredible power of three ? Newgrange , Ireland . The walls of this 5,000-year-old passage tomb are decorated with mysterious designs made up of three connected spirals . Yunnan Province , China . Three 1,100-year-old Buddhist temples known as the Three Pagodas form a triangle thought to protect the population from natural disasters . Ancient Greece . According to myth , the destiny of gods and men is controlled by all-powerful beings known as the Three Fates . Various cultures across the world have long shared a belief that the number three represents something sacred , mystical , even divine . All human beings understand numbers . All of us live in a physical universe where things come in different numbers , and so different cultures will highlight different numbers as particularly important , ritualize them and make them culturally important . We see widespread use of the number three in European traditions , but also we see it in selected traditions around the world , too . These number traditions can become very , very powerful and connect cultures together . The unique reverence for the number three dates back thousands of years , and can still be found today in art , architecture , mythology , literature , science , and religion . But why ? What is it about this number that has continued to hold such significance for mankind ? If you think of our lives , we have a past , a present , and a future . Our story falls neatly into three . Throughout folklore and mythology , we find the number three . Something about three is trying to get our attention , trying to tell us something . The number three comes up many , many times in Judeo-Christian scriptures . Jonah is in the belly of the whale for three days . In Genesis , the waters are separated from the earth after three days . In the New Testament , Jesus in the tomb for three days . There 's just a special significance there . We see the number three in sacred texts . And why is that ? Is there something within us that is hardwired to understand that three is a sacred number ? And where does this come from ? The Giza Plateau , Egypt . Three Great Pyramids line the desert just outside of Cairo . Constructed more than 4,000 years ago , this unique trio of monuments is arguably the most recognizable in all the world . The pyramids also employ the most magnificent use of triangles in architecture . You had in ancient Egypt what we might think of as a masonic tradition . There were the builders themselves , who embodied the knowledge of geometry , the knowledge of tool-making , and how to put buildings together , and especially how to create buildings that were themselves vehicles for initiating or inducing higher consciousness . The Giza pyramids are very interesting in that you have three major pyramids . Their sides are triangles . Think of the triangle . The simplest , most perfect geometric form . The ancients were certainly intrigued by geometry , indeed sacred geometry . And certainly a triangle is one of those basic archetypal shapes that perhaps is hardwired into the human consciousness , and this may find expression in monuments such as the pyramids . You 've got that progress towards perfection , towards the top of the triangle . It 's a very upward-directed , higher-directed shape , and I think we kind of get that on a subconscious level . So there is a sense in which the number three ... in the form of the triangle , in the form of the apex of the pyramid ... represents a portal , a gateway into another realm . You might say it 's a " realm of the gods . " Do the three pyramids of Giza really represent some sort of portal to a divine realm ? Perhaps more clues about the sacred nature of the triangle can be found by examining the work of one of the most celebrated mathematicians of all time . Samos , Greece . Sixth century BC . Greek mathematician and philosopher Pythagoras introduces his famous theorem : A squared + B squared = C squared . The formula explains the mathematical relationship between the three sides of right triangles , and some believe it was originally based on the design of the Egyptian pyramids . Pythagoras lived 2,500 years ago . It is said that he studied with the great teachers of Egypt . And he brought the wisdom of Egypt back to Greece . That , in effect , was the birth of Greek philosophy . For Pythagoras , and for a lot of ancient philosophers , mathematics was a kind of more precise description of the supernatural . They 're coming to terms with man 's place on this earth and one of the ways you do that is by measurements , and measurements have to develop , and when they develop , they develop more complex mathematics . And Pythagoras is one of the very early philosophers to really develop this stuff . Pythagoras taught that everything in the universe has a three-part structure . And every problem in the universe can be reduced diagrammatically to a triangle . To Pythagoras and his followers , the triangle represented ascension , and the triangle itself , and number three , was the key to all hidden mysteries . In Carnac , France there are thousands of megalithic standing stones that are over 6,000 years old , and many of them are in the form of a right triangle , or a Pythagorean triangle . And they were built many thousands of years before Pythagoras . These same geometric relationships of the right triangle have also been found at Avebury and Stonehenge , and you have to ask yourself , does the Pythagorean triangle represent some kind of special extraterrestrial geometry ? A geometry of threes ? The bottom line is that " A " squared plus " B " squared equals " C " squared " applies to the entire universe . And so , for Pythagoras to come up with this , of course , is extraordinary , but he was not the first . We know that Pythagoras got this information from ancient Egypt . And the ancient Egyptians themselves say that this was knowledge from the gods . So what we have is a situation whereby the ancient Egyptians got this information from a non-human intelligence , from an extraterrestrial source , preserved it in secret for thousands of years . And Pythagoras is really the first one to take it outside of Egypt , and , basically , begin to speak to the world about what it is , what the ancient Egyptians knew about this divine information . Did Pythagoras really get his knowledge of geometry and its profound connection to the universe from an otherworldly source ? Pythagorean triangle may contain wisdom that we still haven 't understood in terms of how physical , terrestrial geometry connects to extraterrestrial domains that may coexist with our own . Did extraterrestrial visitors provide early humans with advanced mathematical information ? Information that would help them unlock the secrets of the universe ? And if so , why ? And what is the secret of the number three ? Is it a code ? Or could it be a gateway to communication with mankind 's alien ancestors ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe further evidence can be found by examining a mysterious artifact , one that could very well change the world . Cambridge University , England . Here in the library of this 800-year-old institution are the research papers of Sir Isaac Newton . One of the most influential scientists of the 17th century , Newton introduced what became the basis of all modern physics : the three laws of motion . One of the things I think we often forget about people like Newton ... he was also very much into alchemy , and he was very much a mystic himself . In mystical circles and in alchemy , three is considered a powerful number . So , it was natural for people to try and write things in threes and break it down into threes and use that principal to communicate information . Alchemy was a hope of early magicians or chemists . The idea was that maybe if they could just figure out how to combine different materials together , they could wind up with something precious . There was a longstanding interest in it , and a lot of sort of early scientific developments and even ideas of chemistry came from this practice . Included among Newton 's writings on philosophy , astronomy and mathematics is a cryptic translation of an ancient document that has fascinated alchemists for centuries ... an emerald tablet . Carved on green crystal , the tablet is believed to be one of several that contained , not only information on the practice of alchemy , but the secrets of the universe . But although it is referenced by Newton and written about in numerous other ancient texts , the existence of the so-called emerald tablets is largely thought to be a myth . The emerald tablet or tablets contained , perhaps , the most fundamental ancient wisdom . The ancient wisdom of transmutation . The secrets of longevity , the secrets of the cosmos . And there are many different legends about this tablet or tablets . Some people say that they were found in the Great Pyramid thousands of years ago . The so-called emerald tablet had the secrets of alchemy . And alchemy itself wasn 't just about the transmutation of base matter into a pure state , into gold . But it was about the knowledge of the secrets of the universe , about how we , ourselves , could transform ourself , and become at one with the universe as a whole . The emerald tablets have a very interesting phrase . " Three is the great mystery , come from the great one . " It says that three is the great mystery that unifies the universe . It says that power , wisdom , awareness all arises from this interplay of three . What we 're being confronted with in the emerald tablets is basically this notion that if we take two substances , we can make a third substance out of this . Three , as such , is always the power of transformation . It is the end result for the alchemist , basically saying , I took certain things , and I created something new , and that is represented by the third element . The information was written down which basically detailed that if anybody were to possess this knowledge , he would become a master of life , a master over death , an almost supernatural being who could do anything at will . Were early scientists like Isaac Newton seeking extraterrestrial knowledge ? And was that knowledge based , in part , on a unique power inherent in the number three ? Perhaps answers can be found by taking a closer look at the man many believe to be the author of the emerald tablets ... Hermes Trismegistus . Starting in the fourth century B.C. , a character develops called Hermes Trismegistus . His name just means " Hermes thrice great . " So , Hermes Trismegistus is the Hellenistic Egyptian version of the Greek Hermes , and he 's associated with the Egyptian god , Thoth . And so , for that reason , primarily , he becomes associated with his magical practices of theurgy , which is doing the works of the gods , influencing the world . And at some point , as the Greeks moved into Egypt , and the Romans moved into Egypt , there was an endeavor to correlate the Egyptian traditions with the Greek and Roman traditions . And so , you had this connection between Thoth and Hermes . And the idea in both cases is , this is the deity that is the messenger , or the link , between our human realm , and the higher realm of the gods . According to some legends , he was a reincarnation of Thoth , the ancient scribe of Egypt . The scribe of the gods . He was an individual who brought knowledge , who brought wisdom . He was considered thrice-great , three times great . Hermes descended from the sky in what was considered to be a flying ship . And we have the exact same story in Ancient Egypt with Thoth , also having descended from the sky , and his whole premise was to teach the people in scientific disciplines . Was Hermes Trismegistus really the reincarnation of the Egyptian God Thoth ? And , if so , did he serve as a messenger between man and the Gods , as the ancient Greeks believed ? Or might he have been , as ancient astronaut theorists contend , an extraterrestrial being ? One who brought mankind the knowledge of the universe in the form of emerald tablets ? The emerald tablets are a fascinating body of knowledge . It gives rise to the idea that many different systems ... whether we 're dealing with physics systems , or systems of consciousness , systems of philosophy , systems of religion ... will always be underlined by this prevalence of the number three . So , you have to ask yourself , is the emerald tablet some kind of extraterrestrial knowledge that 's been handed down to us ? So , maybe the key to immortality is written in the emerald tablet in a code of threes . Did extraterrestrial messengers really give mankind the secrets of the universe , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest ? And is one of the keys to rediscovering that knowledge related to the number three ? Perhaps another clue can be found by examining a mysterious gland ... inside the human brain . Washington , D.C. April , 2013 . We have a chance to improve the lives of , not just millions , but billions of people on this planet through the research that 's done . U.S. President Barack Obama unveils an ambitious government-funded research project designed to map the human brain . Titled , the " BRAIN " Initiative , the program promises to shed new light on how human beings learn , think , remember and create . So there are many things that science still does not understand about how the human brain works . There 's a hundred billion neurons in the brain , and then , there 's about a hundred thousand trillion connections possible . If we can understand that , if we can crack the neural code , it 'll unlock a lot of answers to understanding things like disease and how to cure them . And it really is the final frontier of human anatomy . Just how the human brain functions has remained a mystery that has puzzled mankind for thousands of years . But according to many ancient cultures and religions , the workings of the brain are not the mere workings of a human organ , but are linked to something much more profound , something of extraterrestrial origin . Lidder Valley , Northern India . Here on a snow-covered mountain in the heart of the Himalayas , lies the Amarnath Cave . Every summer , thousands of Hindus make the treacherous journey through the steep terrain to witness the formation of a massive vertical ice stalagmite thought to represent Lord Shiva , one of the most powerful gods of Hinduism . According to mythology , it was in this cave that Shiva revealed the secrets of creation to his goddess wife Parvati . There are three great divine energies in the Hindu imagination involved in the creation story . Brahma actually creates things . This is the great god , Brahma , brings things into being . Vishnu maintains reality , and Shiva destroys . Now Shiva is just as important as the other two divine energies . In fact , the trinity would not exist without the destruction . You cannot have renewal , you cannot have continued growth without the destructive energy . In Hinduism , Shiva is often pictured with a trident , the prongs representing will , action and knowledge . He is also often illustrated as having a third eye in the middle of his forehead . But why ? In the iconography , he is clearly depicted with a vertical third eye right in the middle of his forehead . With that eye , he can see things . He has clairvoyance . When his eye opens , it also radiates a lot of energy through that eye . And then when that is opened up , then everything becomes clear . And then , of course , the universe is yours , because then you are able to communicate with everyone else , because then you are in par with the cosmic frequency . In the spiritual beliefs of many cultures , including ancient India , including many parts of Asia , there is a third eye that is located in the middle of the forehead , generally right between the two eyes . And that is a center of spiritual power . And in some cases , it is thought to have supernatural powers . In the principles of Freemasonry , there is a consistent and recurring notion that two sides or pillars can only find balance by the addition of a third , center structure . This center structure is often represented as a mystical or third eye . But why ? Is it meant to represent that of an all-seeing God ? Or does it suggest something quite different ? Something , perhaps , that can even be found within the human brain ? You see this represented in many mystical traditions that this is somehow the mystical eye . There have been many different theories about this , but one of the more interesting ones is that ... Some people said it refers to the pineal gland , which is a light-sensitive organ that is actually somewhere in here . Part of the endocrine system , the pineal gland is no larger than a grain of rice , and is shaped like a pinecone . Though it is located deep in the center of the brain between the two hemispheres , it appears to share some characteristics with the human eye . The function of the pineal gland is mainly to release a hormone called melatonin , which controls the sleep-wake cycles . So , because it 's light-sensitive , it 's sometimes called the third eye . And it 's had some mystical implications , as well , because it 's this asymmetrical structure that 's right in the center of the brain . Is it possible that ancient man was aware of the existence of the pineal gland ? And if so , were they also aware of its special function within the brain ? From the earliest stages in human history , across a broad spectrum of cultures , this idea of the pineal gland being a mystery gland that is somehow related to enlightenment or a mystical experience is something that we see widely . Our two eyes , our bodily eyes , allow us to see around us . But the third eye allows us to see beyond that . It allows us to see things that we would not normally see . Is it possible that a so-called " third eye " really exists ? A part of the human brain that allows human beings to connect directly to something beyond themselves ... even beyond this planet ? Throughout history , the third eye has also been attributed for allowing you to travel to different dimensions , or astral traveling , and all those different things . So now my question is , how did these stories begin ? Is it possible to astral travel ? Is it possible to go places with your mind alone ? The concept of the third eye is supposedly our doorway to connecting with not only our higher selves but other higher spirits and possibly even to otherworldly entities ... like extraterrestrial entities . The pineal gland acts as a hyper-dimensional gateway . It is a functioning stargate within your brain . The pineal gland appears to create some type of bridge or wormhole inside your head . Extraterrestrials may already understand this . It 's a basic aspect of human physiology . We have a stargate built in . And you have to wonder then , if we were created possibly by extraterrestrials and they know that we have this third eye , that part of their mission is to influence us and cultivate us to the point where we are able to utilize this third eye that we 've been given . Could an actual part of the human brain really help to explain why mankind functions so differently from other life forms on our planet ? Could this tiny gland offer a key to understanding why human beings create art ... music ... and literature ? Why we bury our dead and devote time to contemplating our own existence ? Perhaps the answers can be found in the stories of divine figures appearing across the ancient world in powerful groups of three . Henan Province , Central China . Here , along the shores of the Yi River , are 1,352 ancient caves known as the Longmen Grottoes . Dating back to 493 AD , they contain the most spectacular collection of Buddhist cave art in the world . One of the largest of the over 100,000 stone statues at the site is of the Amitabha Buddha , or the Buddha of Infinite Light . He is flanked on either side by his two assistants , and collectively they are known as the Three Saints of the West . For some reason , the sacred mysteries are often presented as threefold . In Mahayana Buddhism , the three guides are Amitabha , the Buddha of Infinite Light , and his two companions , one representing wisdom and one compassion . It is significant that throughout the ancient world gods and leaders would often appear in threesomes . For some reason , the triad shows up as a divine powerful principle . Something about three is telling us , um , some important information about wholeness . Triads ... trios ... trinities . Why have cultures all over the world envisioned their divine leaders and mythic heroes in power structures of three ? Perhaps an answer can be found by examining the stories of the Three Saints and the celestial realm of the Amitabha Buddha known as the Western Pure Land In a former life , Amitabha Buddha was believed to have been a king who renounced his kingdom through a series of vows . And these vows were , uh , vows to create a pure Buddha land . The Western Pure Land was thought to be actually real and to exist outside of the normal confines of time and space . Amitabha Buddha will come to your death bed and personally escort you to this western paradise . The Buddha Amitabha have two assistants , two bodhisattvas . The idea is that if you see three , it gives you a feeling that there is plenty of help coming . The last moments of life are very important in this form of Buddhism . These guiding figures are prime examples of the power of three manifesting in a sacred teaching , helping one to a greater level of consciousness . Is the Western Pure Land really " a state of enlightenment , " as mainstream scholars believe ? Or might these Three Saints be guiding the deceased to a divine , perhaps even extraterrestrial , realm ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answers can be found in the descriptions of this spiritual paradise . The Amitabha Buddha believed that this was a literal place peopled with gods and goddesses that would give you knowledge and information . And in this place , everyone appears to be golden , and you have the ability to see anything in the universe , the ability to travel anywhere on Earth that you want . Is this really just a myth ? Or is the Amitabha Buddha an example of an extraterrestrial who visited Earth and was able to achieve some higher grade of evolution while he was here and then help others achieve that as well ? Might the Amitabha Buddha actually have been an otherworldly visitor ? And if so , might the Three Saints of Pure Land Buddhism not just guide the dead to an afterlife but physically change them into higher functioning beings , beings with extraterrestrial capabilities ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes and believe further proof can be found in the story of another mythic trio , one that undertook an epic journey not to a divine land after death but towards a divine life here on planet Earth . Cologne , Germany . For centuries , a steady stream of visitors have gathered inside this gothic cathedral to view a golden sarcophagus thought to contain the bones of the biblical Magi , also known as the Three Wise Men . While the journey of the Three Wise Men is one of the most popular and best known of the stories concerning the birth of Jesus Christ , little is actually known about these mysterious figures . According to the Gospels , the Three Kings , or the Three Wise Men , came from the east . At the time that the Gospels were being written , that was an area of the world , which for Westerners was considered to be the source of all magic and mysticism . The Magi were the ancient priesthood of Persia ... or Iran as we tend to call it now ... and they go way back to 2000 or 3000 B.C. probably or even more . The Magi were particularly interested in the stars . They were looking at the different influences that these different stars and planets had at given times , and that was part and parcel of their tradition . The three wise men traveled thousands of miles to what we call the Holy Land . They found Bethlehem apparently without a map . They were astronomers . It says they followed a star . But did the three wise men actually exist , or did the story of their journey to visit the infant Jesus have other ... even more otherworldly ... origins ? The star , we are told , leads them , so the star is moving and it 's flying and it 's intelligently guided because it 's leading them to a destination and it hovers over the manger where Jesus is laid . It shines a light down to illuminate the manger where Jesus is laid . So you have to to wonder whether possibly the three Magi themselves were extraterrestrial gods or perhaps the star of Bethlehem itself was some kind of extraterrestrial spaceship that was guiding the three Magi . Were the three wise men astral travelers guided by otherworldly technology ? Or is their presence in the story of Jesus really some sort of code ... one intended to connect Jesus with other mythic stories and religions in which the number three has profound significance ? There are those who believe that an answer can be found by examining the three gifts that each of the Magi reportedly brought to the Son of God . Gold , representing the physical and material needs of the child during his lifetime . Frankincense ... an ancient aromatic resin which , when burned , is thought to be effective in mind expansion and enlightenment . And myrrh ... an oil often associated with death and embalming ... representing the afterlife . But why three gifts and why only those three ? Perhaps the answers can be found written into the ancient biological language that is as old as life itself ... a language containing a code of threes . There is a theory that the key to unlocking the power of the number three lies in the mystery of the Holy Trinity , that the notion of three divine persons in one god refers to the three states of being . God the Father ... the intellectual or ethical self . God the Son ... the physical and actual self . And God the Holy Spirit ... the emotional or aspirational self . Past , present , and future . God and man as one . Qasr el Yahud , Israel . Here tens of thousands of Christians make their way to what is believed to be the site of Christ 's baptism in the River Jordan . It was also here that , according to scripture , God revealed himself as being made up of three divine persons ... God the Father , God the Son , and God the Holy Spirit , otherwise known as the Holy Trinity . In the story of Jesus ' baptism , Jesus is standing in the Jordan River , and we 're told that the heavens open up and the Holy Spirit in the form of a dove descends upon Jesus . And the voice of God booms out of Heaven and says , " This is my son whom I love and in whom I am well pleased . " So , in that scene , all three parts of the Trinity are represented there ... Father , Son , and Holy Spirit . What makes it a mathematical conundrum is , how can you be one and three ? So it is a mystery , and some people don 't even question it because it is a matter of faith , and so , made in that image , we could make the argument that there 's a trinity within each and every one of us . Could the triune nature of God , as described in the New Testament , also exist in all of mankind ? And if so , does this suggest that the power of three might somehow connect humanity with divine or , as some would believe , extraterrestrial forces ? Ancient astronaut theorists believe the answers can be found not only in the Bible but encoded within the genetic blueprint of the human body . Huntington , New York , 1966 . Scientists announce one of the greatest breakthroughs of modern science . They have successfully deciphered the genetic code . After years of research , they discover that the universal structure of DNA consists of a series of three molecule combinations known as codons or triplets . You had this DNA sequence , and it codes for ultimately the proteins in your body . And the question was , how does it code for that ? Does each individual base pair represent something ? Is it two at a time that represents something ? Is it a sequence of ten ? And it turns out that it 's very clear , it comes in clusters of three . Essentially the number three is the key to our DNA language . And this was revolutionary for its time because the ancient alien theory has always suggested that the ultimate proof of extraterrestrial tampering in our past will not come in the form of a crashed spaceship or some type of tools , but the actual proof will come from within our own DNA . This may , in fact , be a universal manifestation of the power of three . In time I believe we will find out that DNA is written into the background of the universe itself , it is assembled by the basic laws of quantum physics , and the underlying power of three is an essential tool in seeing the hand of the divine architect at work in making us who we are today . The number three is the key to unlocking the ancient mysteries . We see threes everywhere , and as a possible pointer to the idea that three is the guiding principle of the universe , it manifests even in our DNA . So we can see here how this power of three is pervasive all through the universe , including in our own DNA , and is it possible that it 's extraterrestrials who have encoded this within us and that , once we understand this power of three , we ourselves will become like our creators ... the gods . Does the physical expression of a power of three ... found within our own DNA ... really prove an extraterrestrial design for mankind ? A design whose meaning we are only just beginning to comprehend ? Or could the answer lie in a combination of all the trios and trinities embedded throughout the mythical and religious world ? Perhaps the answer will lead us back to mankind 's place of origin ... and the ultimate proof that our origins lie not on Earth but out of this world .
