 Julia : Chester 's mill is a place like any other . At least it used to be Until we were cut off from the rest of the world By a mysterious dome . ( cows bellowing ) Invisible , indestructible , Inescapable . We 're trapped . Julia : We don 't know where it came from or why it 's here , But now that we 're all trapped under the dome together , None of our secrets are safe . Hi , jimmy . Big jim : Rapture is your product , max . Which I never could 've gotten off the ground Without my secret ingredient . Liquid propane . This town seems To have a hell of a lot of it . Duke knew about this ? He didn 't want you to know . Linda : Duke ? What the hell were you up to ? Max : The pillow talk between you And julia is gonna be Done when she finds out You murdered her husband . You 're not bulletproof , max . I have An insurance policy in place . Anything bad happens to me , Your secrets still come out . ( plate clatters ) angie . The pink stars are falling in lines . Joe : Norrie and I have had The exact same seizure . Stopped working after joe and norrie touched The dome the other day . I still don 't trust those two . Guess I was sleepwalking . But why did I bring this thing here ? ( birds chirping ) ( groans ) no sleepwalking . Good boy . ( gasps ) what the ... Sorry . Joe , look what 's inside the mini-dome . Whoa . Angie : Will you guys shut up ? Angie , The egg has a visitor . That 's a caterpillar . But it wasn 't there last night . Maybe it was under the dirt . Trapped inside like the big dome trapped us . Joe : Wherever it came from , it was no accident . Look at those black and white and yellow stripes . Yeah ? And ? It 's a caterpillar that will turn into a monarch butterfly . " the monarch will be crowned . " Julia heard that When she touched this thing out in the woods . Joe : Maybe she 'll know what this means . No , we all agreed Not to tell her that we have it . Yeah , but she might be The fourth handprint this mini-dome needs to do ... Whatever it 's gonna do . Like ... Turn off the dome . Okay , but julia hasn 't had seizures . ( sighs ) yeah . Okay . ( deep whirring ) ( deep whirring ) ( deep whirring ) ( crackling , zapping ) We still have to find whoever the fourth handprint belongs to . Someone with seizures . ( buzzing ) we should find others who 've had them . Angie : Good . Let 's cover the mini-dome . ♪ ( knocking ) ( door opens , creaks ) Hello , barbie . You 're up early . We need to talk about max . Sounds like someone 's not too happy to see her yesterday . And you were ? Woman 's a ... Piece of work , isn 't she ? ( chuckles ) more than I knew . Care to , uh ... Share exactly how it is you two are in business together ? Sure . Right after you do . ( chuckles ) Well , then , Enemy of my enemy , what are we gonna do ? We can 't really move against her with the dirt she says she has On the both of us . Unless ... We get rid of whatever this insurance policy is . But where would that be ? Well , she says she 's staying at a house Whose owners got trapped outside the dome . No . No , she 's too smart for that . You know , she 's got this , uh , legitimate real estate company . The ... Osiris corporation . Buys homes mostly in westlake , but I know she 's got a few here . That 's worth a look . Yeah . You know which houses are hers ? The town clerk 's office got record . I 'll , uh ... You mean , so you can ... You can bury your secrets And leave mine out there in the open for the world to see . You think I 'd screw you over ? You 're a used car salesman , jim . Sure . We 'll go together . ( door opens ) Yeah , I 'm seeing at least a dozen houses here That were purchased by the osiris corporation . Most of those max remodeled and flipped ' em within a year But , uh ... Not this one . Bought it in 2005 . Never put back on the market . It 's on bird island ? Yeah . It 's in the middle of lake eastpointe But still under the dome . Only a few vacation homes Out there . Not a bad place to hide whatever it is She says she 's got on us . Probably shouldn 't go unarmed . You don 't think I 'd let max have all the guns , do you ? Max : Uh-oh . What are you two doing ? No , just some town business . You know , there are things going on here that don 't Involve you . Mm , for now anyway . Here you go . ( paper crinkles ) " espresso " ? " dark chocolate , silk-infused conditioner " ? I like my luxuries . Just because this damn dome came down doesn 't mean I 'm gonna do without . Some of that stuff . No , I 'm not ... I 'm not doing your shopping . No . Just jimmy . You and I have other business to attend to . Max : Or if you want , I can reveal all your dirty laundry And then we can see how that goes . Barbie , let 's go . ( footfalls departing ) ( camera shutter clicking ) ( zapping , deep whirr ) ( boom ) ( screams ) ( high-pitched whine ) What the hell was that ? It sounded like thunder . Dodee ... ( groans ) joe : Dodee ? Are you all right ? Where am I ? We 're at the clinic . We brought you here . Well , what happened to me ? You don 't remember ? ( groans ) I remember ... ( hisses ) electricity . Was it ... Was it the generator outside the radio station ? Yeah , that 's right . We found you by your generator outside the radio station . We were passing by and we heard a noise . And then we found you with that burn on your hand . Yeah . Yeah , I-I guess Was , was being there . Nurse adams : Dodee . What ... Happened to her ? We think she got zapped by a generator . Did she lose consciousness ? For , like , 20 minutes . ( exhales ) All right , well , thanks for bringing her in . I 'll take good care of her . Nurse adams . Do you know anyone else who 's had seizures lately ? Besides joe and I. Not since your tenth grade dance , angie . What does that mean ? What 's wrong ? Angie ! Hello ? Anyone here ? ( rattling , rustling ) ( sigh ) hello ? Hello ? Linda . Hey . Uh , I 'm just looking for barbie . Is he around ? I haven 't seen him . What 's going on ? A while back , you spoke with andrea grinnell About some weird stuff going on At the propane warehouse , right ? Yeah . Did you ever follow up on it ? Honestly I thought she was kind of loopy . And then everything went to hell and I just forgot about it . Why ? Andrea wasn 't so loopy after all . Look at this . I don 't know who this woman is . Here comes Duke . She 's handing him money . All of which has something to do with ... A drug being made using propane called rapture . You think duke was involved with drugs ? Reverend coggins , too . I think coggins burned down duke 's house to hide evidence . Now they 're both dead , and ... I 've driven myself crazy Searching this place for an answer . You knew duke better than anyone . Where else would he stash something ? All he really cared about was fly-fishing , bourbon , And that hat . The tackle box was burned in the house , He never left a bottle unfinished And he never took that hat off his head . Well , hello there . What do you unlock ? Safe-deposit box . Bank of chester 's mill . I 'll drive . ( boat whirring ) Yeah , you 're not acting suspicious . ( tires screech ) Where you going so fast ? Nowhere . Huh ? Ow ! Shut up before I add Damaging police property to what you obviously Ripped off from someone . Salt ? So , I might 've shoplifted it from the convenience store . Yeah , but why steal that ? You kidding ? Better than cash if you want to get into the cement factory . Max : Word of advice , barbie . Whatever you and big jim were huddling about at town hall ... Be careful . You mean kind of like how I can trust you ? I have never lied to you , dale . I 'd like to think the same about you . So what 's this business we need to attend to ? I 'm guessing these people aren 't here for a church service . No , just a little adult entertainment . It 's been , what , nine days since the dome came down ? There 's been no tv , there 's been no internet , There 's been no fun at all . Right , so now you smell an opportunity For your usual booze , cards , brothels . Hey . I don 't deal in prostitution ever . You got that ? Come on . ( rock music playing ) ( indistinct chatter ) ( cheering in distance ) Welcome to my brave new world . ( blows landing ) ( cheering continues ) ( motor stops ) ( whirring ) ( thump ) Who are you ? Sorry for the intrusion , ma 'am . I-I 'm ... Wait . Big jim rennie ? From the car commercials ? ♪ small price , big savings . ♪ ( chuckles ) That 's me . Well , then ... It 's hardly an intrusion . I like your ads . You don 't scream from the tv Like the rest of ' em . That 's not my style , ma 'am . Please , call me agatha . Agatha , nice to meet you . This your house ? No . I 'm just the caretaker . Gardening and such . For , um ... For maxine seagrave ? Don 't know a maxine . The owner 's oliver luckland . He 's on the other side of the island , tending to his boat . I came here because , More important than selling cars , I 'm a councilman for chester 's mill , And I 'm making my way around to see if our citizens Need anything in this time of crisis . Yes , it is shocking , isn 't it ? I 'm glad to be here amid the peace and quiet . Is mr . Luckland gonna be long ? Uh , c-can I wait for him ? Inside ? We 'll have a nice cup of tea . Great . ( rock music playing ) ( cheering in distance ) Max : What do you think of my grand opening ? I think it 's a lot smaller than you 're used to , isn 't it ? Oh , in time I 'll have the whole town here . How 'd you put all this together ? By not sitting on my hands for the past week . Some of these people owed me from before . I 'm sure you 'll recognize a few familiar faces From your collection duties . Say somebody needs eggs for his family And he 's got some spare batteries . He comes in here , Tries his luck . If he wins , he trades up . If he loses ... I win . Uh ... ( chuckles ) people are already bartering Around town . Yeah , that 's for needs . In here , it 's about vices . Come on . Everybody 's got ' em . Even you . You realize survival 's at stake . Yeah , mine . If I 'm gonna be trapped in this hellhole , I am gonna live as well as I can . What 's going on ? ( sighs ) I don 't want to talk about it . Angie , come on , you 're obviously upset . I think junior is the fourth hand . You 're joking . My tenth grade dance . Junior got rushed to the clinic for passing out . And everyone said it was because he had been drinking , But nurse adams just said someone had a seizure . But it can 't be junior . That guy weirds me out . You think that I 'm happy about it ? After what he did to me ? ( sighs ) what does that mean ? ( sighs ) You remember how you couldn 't find me After the dome came down ? Wait . You were with him ? He said he hadn 't even seen you . Hmm . It wasn 't ... Voluntary . What ? He kept saying that the dome was making me sick And the only way that I could Get better is if I stayed with him . So he kidnapped you ? He had these reasons That seemed really weird then , but ... Where is he ? 'cause I 'm gonna kill him . No , joe , if anyone 's gonna kill him , It 's gonna be me . Not before I do . Get out of my way , angie ! Joe , stop ! Stop it ! Both of you , Stop ! Look , I 'm all for kicking junior 's ass If he kidnapped you , ange . But if he 's the fourth hand ... Yeah . ( sighs ) I guess You 're right . Are you sure what junior had way back then was a seizure ? Yeah . And that 's not the only reason I think it 's him . It 's not ? I should show you something . Looks like everyone left the bank in a hurry After the dome came down . We could take all the cash in here , It wouldn 't mean a thing . And to think it was money that ruined My marriage and forced my husband to run off . Is that Why peter left town ? After draining our bank accounts And putting our home in foreclosure To pay off his gambling debts . I think deep down I knew something was wrong . I just didn 't want to see it . ( sighs ) ( sighs ) damn it . There must be a key To the safe-deposit room around here somewhere . Hey , maybe one of these ... ( clang ) ( linda grunts ) ( exhales ) Got it ! ( indistinct chatter ) Oh , ho , ho , ho . Big junior rennie . Just junior . Hmm . What 's going on inside ? Nothing for you . Come on , duncan . I got these . Look , I know you 're a cop now . Means you don 't belong here . Hey , I got What 's on the list . Let me in . ( grunts ) ( bystanders gasp ) ( grunts ) ( chatter continues ) Let 's go , let 's go . ( shouting , cheering ) ( man grunting ) Oh , yes ! ( grunts ) I won ! ( cheering ) See ? People have fun , They collect their winnings , I skim a little off the top , Everybody 's happy . So what do you need me for ? Lot of chaos in this crummy town since it all went to hell , But the one thing I 've heard over and over again is , " that barbie is a real badass . " You 're the main event . No , no , no , no , no . I am not gonna fight . You must 've Forgotten everything we talked about yesterday then . About how you killed peter shumway . And how julia would hate hearing about that . Besides , think of it as a reunion because ... You remember your opponent victor rawlins , right ? Yeah , he gambled his way Down the drain a couple months ago . He lost His wife , his kids , his whole life really . No , you 're his bookie , okay ? Not me . Yeah , but you were the one knocking On his door forcing him to pay up . Only this time you don 't have a gun and victor Really looks ready to even the score . You take sugar , big jim ? Yes , ma 'am . Sure mr . Luckland Doesn 't , uh , mind us being here ? Oh , no . Oliver 's as hospitable as they come . I was , uh , under the impression ... Somebody else owned this house . No , I 'm certain he does . But he 's not here much . He spends a lot of time out at his other properties . That 's why he has me taking care of things . Sure is lucky to have a neighbor like you , agatha . That 's my daughter maxine . Now do me a favor and drop that gun That 's tucked in the back of your belt . Slowly . Okay . Maxine didn 't learn To be the way she is from her father . Who 's ready for the main event ? ( crowd cheers ) All right , all right , well , your wait is over , Because here it is : Victor rawlins versus Your special forces veteran dale " barbie " barbara ! ( crowd cheers ) The rules are simple : There aren 't any . There 's no rounds , no time limits . You fight till you lose . May the best man win . ( crowd cheers ) ( quietly ) : Disappoint me at your own risk . ( crowd cheers ) ( crowd exclaims ) ( crowd booing ) ( crowd cheers ) Sit . Make yourself comfortable . Maxine should be here after sundown . Or maybe tomorrow . Well , that 's a long time to hold a rifle on someone . I hope I don 't get drowsy , somehow pull the trigger . You don 't remember me , do you ? Well , give me a hint . We were in the same high school class . Well , until I dropped out . There 's only one student I remember dropping out . Her name was claire . I changed my name . I 'm sure you can imagine why . It was quite the scandal . You got pregnant . With maxine . I was only 16 , And people treated me like my life was already over . That 's not true . I was a pariah . I had no way to support my daughter Except by starting to let men in my bed . Men who would turn around and publicly shame me For being the immoral one . Still you 're here . Far enough away to keep the stink out of our hair . Maxine moved to westlake , And I came here to be close to her . But neither of us will ever forget the real chester 's mill . The sharp teeth behind the friendly smile . Well , there are teeth behind the smile . It 's the only way to get things done . Like the propane , you mean ? My daughter tells me everything . Gave me every bit of evidence I need on you and duke , That nutty reverend coggins . So ... She must have told you about barbie , too , huh ? Oh , yeah . ( chuckles ) About him breaking legs . Killing that dr . Shumway . It 's no surprise he got stuck here . This town ... It always has been a magnet for the worst of humanity ... Like your son . Junior 's turning out To be just as crazy as his mama , isn 't he ? Shut your mouth ! Sit down ! Or I 'll put a bullet through your chest ! Have you ever killed someone , agatha ? I mean , I know you got your sob story and all , but have you ever Really rolled up your sleeves and murdered someone ? Stop . And even with all that hate in your eyes , I 'm not seeing what it takes to kill . But go ahead ... Prove me wrong . Now we 're gonna do something about your family . So this place belonged to junior 's mother ? Yeah . He brought me here yesterday ... To show me this . Pink stars . This and the fact that he 's had seizures ? I 'm still gonna kill him . No , joe , it doesn 't matter what we want . It matters what the dome wants . Now we just need to find junior . I 'm right here . What the hell are you doing with that ? You son of a bitch ! Angie joe ! No ! No-no-no-no ! Joe , no ! Stop ! Junior : You 're attacking me ? You 're the one who 's trespassing . You kidnapped my sister ! Junior ! You promised my dad You wouldn 't tell anyone about that . I had to ! Just like you have To help us now ! What ? Look , first let him go ! Let him go ! Let him go ! Junior , no ! Let him ... ! ( panting ) Why should I help you with anything ? I brought you here Because I trusted you . These are the only things I have left of my mother . Junior , you said yesterday That something bigger is going on , right ? Something that connects all of us to what 's happening ? Yeah . So ? So I need you to come with us to our barn . Why ? Because ... All of us The four of us- - are connected To something ... Amazing . ( clamoring ) Get out there ! ( crowd cheering ) ( crowd exclaims ) ( cheering ) Woman : Come on , barbie ! Whoo ! Man : Finish it ! Man 2 : Loser ! Finish it ! Stay down , you bum ! Stay down ! Stay down ! You 're out ! Stay down ! Get up . Hey , big man . Hey ! No wonder your wife and kids left you . ( yells ) Hit me as hard as you can . ( crowd exclaiming ) ( groans ) man : Get up ! Woman : Come on , barbie ! Seriously ? ! Let 's go ! Get back up ! ( crowd cheers , boos ) ( panting ) I guess the best man won . ( chuckles ) You threw the fight just like I knew you would . Oh , like hell I did . Everyone here bet on the hero And lost their asses . I bet on victor ... Because I know you . And I know that you would do anything except let me win . Here it is , duke 's safe-deposit box . Oh , my god . What is that ? When duke woke up from his heart surgery When he had his pacemaker put in , I gave him this . ( chuckles ) I told him the doctors found it Where his heart should have been . I can 't believe he kept it . There 's a letter here . I can 't . You read it . " to whom it may concern , " my name is duke perkins , sheriff of chester 's mill , " the only place I 've ever been able to call home . That 's the reason I did what I did . " His confession . " 19 years ago I lost my son to drugs . I watched helplessly as he was swept away by his addiction . " Did you know this ? He never talked about it . " the only thing that kept me " from turning my gun on myself was a promise I made : " to do everything I could " to keep drugs out of chester 's mill . " so I made a deal with a devil By the name of maxine seagrave . " That 's got to be the woman in the video . " the deal was simple : The town bought " the liquid propane she needed " under the guise of ' emergency reserves " so the dea wouldn 't look into it , " and she 'd pay us enough to shore up the town 's coffers " and keep her drugs- - all drugs- - Out of chester 's mill . " He did it to save us . " I sold my soul for the people of this town . " people like my son . " people like linda esquivel . " there were two other people in this deal : " lester coggins ... Who laundered our proceeds , " and the man who was the front , " saying he was buying the propane for our town : Big jim rennie . " Of course he was involved . ( sighs ) why didn 't duke tell me ? Because he loved you . Maybe the same reason peter didn 't tell me . You think you could hold a flashlight for me ? ( sighs ) I need to talk to barbie . So , What are you planning on doing with me ? My experience has been that with a little patience , The world reveals the right course of action . You think the world is just looking out for you , don 't you ? As if whoever and whatever is behind that curtain Is pulling strings just for you . There 's nothing behind that curtain But darkness . Sit down . Agatha ! ( panting ) Hey ! Help me ! ( gasping ) Please . Help me ! My hands are tied . Help ! Please , help me ! ( engine revs ) Help ! Help ! Cheer up , barbie . You know the house always wins . ( groans ) ( sighs ) Tonight was rather successful , wasn 't it ? I won . You ... Helped me win . I 've always known- - And I think you have , too- - That we make a damn good team . And as long as this dome is around , I could see us making this town our playground . These people aren 't gonna let you win . Yeah , you got a few that owe you something now , But at the end of the day , That ain 't a whole hell of a lot . Yeah , until more people owe me And then more people on top of them . I 'll live the way I want , barbie . We will live the way we want . What if you don 't get more ? Huh ? You don 't get your whiskey ? You don 't get me ? Then I 'll burn the place down . ( sighs ) What are you doing ? What I should 've done Oh , you do not want to piss me off , dale . Not when under your feet Lies a body belonging to peter shumway . You do everything I say Or the truth about him will come out . That 's ... See , that 's the old barbie . We 're finished , max . ( door closes ) ( panting quietly ) Didn 't expect to see you here . I didn 't expect to be here . You and I need to talk . Sure . Come on in . I 'll even cook us up some dinner . How 's something medium-rare sound ? Actually , let 's do this at the station . I 've had a hell of a day , linda . Whatever it is you think we need to talk about , It can wait till the morning . Think I 've , uh , Earned that much respect in this town , right ? Come by first thing , Or I come back And these cuffs don 't stay on my belt . I need to say something . Like why your face is all cut up ? Look ... I told you when I first came to this town That I went out to the cabin to meet peter , But that ... That he wasn 't there . But he was , wasn 't he ? Yeah . He-he told me that he didn 't have The money he owed , so ... So I said I 'd be back the next day ... And he pulled a gun on you . How do you know this ? Because I brought this down from our bedroom closet And found his gun missing . No gun , all the bullets . So ... ( sighs ) You know . ( crying ) : I didn 't want to believe it . ( swallows ) He needed you to kill him . I found this life insurance policy today . You know , in some weird way , I think he did all this to try to protect me . 'cause this would be void if he committed suicide . ( sighs ) I 'm-I 'm so sorry For everything . Me , too .
