 First we need to secure his marriage . If they 're against us , we 'll never be able to take control of the McCawley Mines . I 'm thinking about our son 's future . - Want to come back to my place later ? - What 's at your place ? Me . No . Come back and work with me . I can 't do this alone . No thanks . I 'm not interested . You 're sure about that ? I 've finally gotten my hands on one of the artefacts . Yeah ! You 'll never please your bride with that shrivelled worm of yours . Your mother didn 't seem to mind . Who 's next ? Well , look at you . You ain 't worthy of Christie McCawley . - Yes , he is ! - Whoo ! Defend my honour , Alak . Kick his ass . Oh ! On the eve of your wedding , you 've defeated your savage brothers . Now , it 's time to taste the fruits of your victory . I 'm ready for you , husband . Hi , boys . Ooh ! Seeming is being . Claim your wife . Another round , Jered ! Koni shots for everyone ! Casti bums . Not until we get to see you pony-mount your bride , huh ? Yeah ! Uh ... Ritual coitus is so old school . It 's 2046 . What ? Are you saying no to your bride ? Are you ? Look , the thing is , Tirra , my real bride would probably have a problem with this . Come on , man , nobody 's gonna know . Let it go , Kupak . I guess that 's what happens when you hook up with a human ? Pink meat makes your JON-du-ra go soft . Hey ! Is that a hand ? What is it ? Awesome . Holy shtako . Fa-vi Tarr . Christie . You are a vision . It 's all because of Kenya . She made this dress . She does have an amazing touch . Well , it 's only been worn once , and it looks much better on you than it ever did on me . Kenya , I 'm sure you were a stunning bride . In another lifetime . I 'll see you both tomorrow . Christie . In human tradition , I understand the mother of the bride gives her daughter something borrowed to wear during the ceremony . As your mother 's not with us , I thought I would give you something I wore at my wedding . When we boarded the Ark , we were only allowed to bring three items . I took my family gem , my diary , and this . It 's called a telo . How do I wear it ? I 'll show you . My mother wore it and her mother before that . You know , the human phrase " daughter-in-law " is so cold , so distant . Our word , " hanya tavo , " means " heart daughter . " You are my hanya tavo , Christie . Um ... I can 't see anything . You 're not supposed to . In Castithan tradition , the bride is blind until her betrothed opens her eyes at the end of the ceremony . I 'll never forget the moment my hand-maidens lifted my telo . At first , the light was so bright ... But then , after a moment , he came into focus , my new husband . It was magical . It 's beautiful . I 'm looking forward to this wedding tonight . This town needs a party . Weddings are stupid . Okay . See , most people , Irisa , they don 't do everything alone . They think life 's more meaningful with someone at their side . Some even like to celebrate this idea with friends and family . You 're going , right ? Hmm ... You 're going . You 're gonna be my date . I don 't date . Why not ? I 'm from the Badlands . You see , when I first came to Defiance , I was nothing but a card hustler who couldn 't read or write , never thought I 'd amount to anything . And now I 'm wearing a badge . People change . You 're an idiot . So are you . The wound 's triangular . - A paperweight ? - Possibly . Whatever it was , our John Doe took one pretty hard to the coconut . Well , that 's one helluva big damn rock . Obviously , robbery wasn 't a motive . I 've seen that ring before . This is no John Doe . His name is Hunter Bell . Who 's that ? He owned the NeedWant back when it was just a hotel and bar . Slow down , hot-shot . Nobody cheats in my establishment but me . I 'm not cheating . Let 's cut the punk open and see what spills out . Back off , Datak . I got this . Kenya ! Bring these gentlemen a free round . Let 's go . What are you thinking , trying to hustle at my poker table ? I 'm thinking , " Damn , I 'm gonna get rich off these Casti punks . " Well , they 're crap players , you got that right . You gonna cut me ? First lesson 's free . So is this one . You 're not as slick with the cards as you think . Come with me . Hey , Lawkeeper . Clancy ! Hey , Hunter . Who 's the kid ? My friend here just got off the truck from Yosemite . He needs a bed and a job . - Does he mind scrubbing toilets ? - Oh , he can 't get enough of it . So you and this guy were close ? Not exactly , but he helped me . I owed him . When did he go missing ? About seven years ago , give or take . I 'd only been on the job three days when I caught my first case . My husband 's missing . Hunter had a lot of enemies . And most people figured he 'd blown town . Except me . I found one drop of blood , that 's it . If it was murder , why isn 't there more blood ? Somebody cleaned the floor . - They missed a drop . - Yeah . Look , Hunter was a ... He owed money . He got into a fight and lost a little blood , and he hightailed it out of Defiance . No , look . Okay , I 've never owned a home , never owned a business . But , in this day and age , a man doesn 't simply walk away from their accomplishments . - You 're right . - Yeah . Not a man like Hunter . I think someone killed him . Turns out I was right . We 've been in town , what , four months ? Never heard Kenya mention a missing husband . How do you know it 's Hunter ? I 'm sorry . Hunter owned the NeedWant . When he was gone , you took over , right ? It was in his will , which is the same answer that I gave you seven years ago . Tommy , you wanna give us a minute ? People thought that he ran off . But I knew that he wouldn 't do that . You guys had a good thing ? Stop ! I miss him a lot . I feel weird officiating this wedding . Well , Rafe asked you personally . Yeah , but that was before Datak was my opponent . The whole town will see you standing up there looking authoritative and elegant . It 's good politics . You know , Datak 's putting all his resources into this campaign . Should I be worried ? Now , listen . You have a very strong track record and my endorsement . If Datak 's going to beat you , he 's going to need a lot more ammunition than he 's got right now . Madame Mayor . Oh , Nolan . Tommy . You boys excited about the wedding ? I hope you 're both going to save a dance for me . Yes , ma 'am . We found Hunter Bell 's corpse . - Oh , my God . - Where was it ? He 'd been murdered , his body stashed in a hollow wall in the NeedWant . What is this ? I thought you said he stopped . This is just something I got caught in a drawer . Here 's to you , my big sister , the new Assistant Mayor . Hunter 's never going to stop . Someday , you 're gonna be running this town . He 's never going to change . Hunter sees something in me that no one else does . - Oh , stop being so stupid ! - Hunter loves me ... He 's going to kill you ! Look at the choices that you make with your life . Look what you did to Connor , look what you did to your own baby . You don 't even want to let anybody into your life . I have someone in my life . You . - And I 'm not gonna let anyone hurt you . - I think I 'm old enough to look after myself . No , you can 't , Kenya . And if it comes to it , I will do whatever it takes to make sure he never lays a hand on you again . You okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Mayor Nicky , I 'm gonna have to ask Mayor Rosewater some questions . Yes , of course . I 'm really sorry about Mr Bell . - Hunter Bell was your brother-in-law , right ? - Yes . You would have known him pretty well . What was he like ? Charming , rich , handsome . Maybe a little bit dangerous ? He was a bully . Did he , uh ... Did he bully your sister ? No . He loved her . She loved him . She was devastated when he disappeared . - They 're lying . Both of them . - Maybe . You know , I think that Hunter was beating on Kenya , and Amanda could 've killed him to protect her sister . Or Kenya killed him and Amanda 's lying to protect her . So what 're you gonna do about it ? I 'm gonna go home , put on some fresh clothes and go to a wedding . Nolan , a man was killed . A bad man . A long time ago . You 're gonna try to bury this , aren 't you ? It 's my job to keep the peace , not run around like Sherlock Holmes chasing old ghosts . And what about justice ? Make sure you wear a tie tonight . My daughter is not wearing this hockey mask at her wedding . This is an heirloom . Show some respect . She 'll be able to see when she 's walking down the aisle and folks will be able to see her . A Castithan wedding isn 't a wedding if the bride doesn 't wear her telo . I 'm the one footing the bill for this thing . Christie wears what I say she wears . You humans believe you 're so superior . The truth is , you 're primitives . Your minds are dull . Your hands are clumsy . The scent of your pink skin sickens me . Does this skin look pink to you ? Oh , you all look the same . Let me ask you something . You hate humans so much . Why are letting your boy marry one ? Alak wishes it . No . You 've been good with this the whole time . So , I gotta ask myself , what 's your angle ? What do you get out of this wedding ? I believe in love . You know , I was thinking about how the McCawley Mines were built on land stolen from Irathient settlers . Now , that 's a tainted legacy that I do not want to leave to our kids . So when I die , my mines go to a trust benefitting the Irathient population of Defiance . You do think I 'm doing the right thing , don 't you , Datak ? Oh , they 're your mines , Rafe . I don 't care what you do with them . Good . Breakfast is on me . The wedding is off ! Datak , I understand you 're upset , but if Christie does not want to wear the telo ... It 's not about the gwoking telo ! Rafe McCawley has written Christie out of his will . The mines are going to the I-raths ! Rafe may say that now , but be patient . Once his first grandchild arrives , he 'll reconsider . I will not wait . Instead , I will win this election . Then , when I 'm mayor , I will find a way to take the mines away from Rafe McCawley ! How does Alak feel about this ? Alak 's a child . He 'll get over it . My parents would not have wanted me to marry you . And yet , here we are . Alak is more pliable than either of us at his age . We were immigrants . We were strong because we had to be . Alak will never have to endure the same hardships we did , and I thank RA-yet-so for that . Don 't you want him to be happy ? Our son loves this human girl . She makes him smile . She lifts his spirits in a way that nobody else can . A Castithan woman can lift his spirits just fine . Alak is of this new world . He doesn 't see the humans the way we do . He sees beauty in them . Kindness . Then he 's lost the sense of smell . Maybe you have , too . I 'm calling the priest . Perhaps Alak should be the first to hear of your decision . You know , Nolan should really be here right now . It 's a waste of time . Yeah . Looking for evidence is a big waste of time . - You want evidence ? - You know , if I ran things , I 'd have five deputies combing over every inch of this place . You don 't need five deputies . What is that , a hair ? Whisker . Liberata . Jered . Jered , the bartender , was working here when Hunter owned it . Jered , it 's Tommy . You around ? Jered ? - It 's locked . - So ? So we 've gotta go back to Nolan and get a warrant or something . We can 't just ... Can 't just what ? Poor Jered . His throat 's been slit earlobe to earlobe . Just like Elah Bandik . Someone didn 't want him to talk . - Why are his fingers like that ? - I don 't know . Maybe nitrogen deprivation . This has all the markings of a Casti hit . When I was about your age , the Arks were going through their final preparations . I had just won passage playing I-VA-li . But my father refused to leave home . I ... I don 't understand . Why would he stay on a dying planet ? He said if the suns were to swallow up our world , he needed to be inside the walls of the holy temple . He could not leave the Castithan scrolls unattended . Not even in the face of death . Do you know why ? No . Because he had made that promise to his own father . Um ... Fine . Yeah ... No , I 'll talk to Christie about the telo . When I gave you permission to marry outside of our race , I knew it was a dishonour to my father 's memory . But I let you and your mother sway me . I was wrong . But , Dad ... No . I ... I regret allowing it to have come this far , but you are my only son , Alak , and our Castithan blood will not be diluted . Do you understand ? No , no , no . I don 't understand , okay ? I love her . This is bullshtak . Watch yourself . Without the name Tarr , you 're nothing . Nothing but a street haint with dyed hair and a record collection . " Street haint " ? Isn 't that how you see yourself ? You 're always talking about how you pulled yourself out of the mud and made the humans respect you ? I said to watch your tongue . I don 't give a kanga rat 's ass about the sacred scrolls . All right , maybe your father chose to die guarding a bunch of stupid papers , but I wasn 't born on Casti . I was born on Earth , just like Christie . And we 're getting married . I didn 't expect you to be happy about this , but you will obey my wishes . Or what ? You 're gonna slit my throat ? That 's the Casti way . I 'll give you time to cool off . - Datak . - Not now , Lawkeeper . - It can 't wait . - It will wait . - Datak Tarr , you 're under arrest . - On what charges ? For the murder of Jered Kikema and Hunter Bell . She 's in there . Hey ! Hey . I 'm so excited . I even decided to wear the telo . I know I said I didn 't want to . But then I was thinking ... My wedding , my dream of what I wanted it to be like when I was a little kid . That 's never going to happen , because my mom won 't be there , my brothers won 't be there . All that matters is that you 're there . And if it makes your parents happy for me to wear a metal mask over my face , - then so be it . - Christie . There 's something I need to tell you . Christie . What did you do ? What did you say to her ? It 's my father . He ... He 's trying to stop the wedding . I don 't know what to do . I can 't live without her . You really love her , don 't you ? Yes , sir . Well , then that 's all that matters . Why in the three hells would I kill a knee-high Liberata bartender ? Maybe because he knew you killed Hunter Bell . Or maybe because he helped you hide the corpse . I have no idea what you 're talking about . - You don 't recognise this ? - No . Really ? ' Cause we found that in your closet . And that handle , that matches the caved-in part of Bell 's skull like a key fits a lock . Well , I 've never seen it before in my life . Tommy tells me that you and Bell were in business together . Yeah , you might say that ... You 're asking for a raise ? I 'm asking for a stake . I built this tent . I quadrupled profits every month . I deserve it . Well , look who 's all grown up . When I first came to town , you were running brawls in dark alleys , jacking rollers on Urdu Street . My money made you , Tarr . Don 't ever forget that . With all due respect , I suggest you reconsider . You know , in some cultures , when a man challenges the chief , there 's a fight until only one of them is left standing . You want power ? Power isn 't seen . It 's felt . How does that feel ? Get up ! All right , come on ! What 's wrong , can 't win a fair fight ? I win . That 's all that matters . Drop the blade or I drop you . Thank you . You 're welcome . I believe your life expectancy has taken a turn for the worse . Why did you do it ? Well , call me old-fashioned , but I believe in a fair fight . Yes , you are old-fashioned , right down to your choice of antique weapons . I like to hit what I 'm aiming at , and my aim isn 't always too good . I 'll try to remember that . That clown is making a move on my mines . I imagine you 've no intention of allowing that to happen . See , normally , I wouldn 't think you and I have much in common . But when it comes to our friend Hunter Bell , I think we do . Let me buy you a drink . I wish I had the pleasure of hearing Hunter Bell 's last breath , but I 'm afraid someone else beat me to it . Whoever it is , they 're trying to frame me . They planted that walking stick in my closet . Any idea who ? I pay my taxes so people like you can figure things like that out . Get outta here ! Go on . What was that ? Theater . Datak Tarr is an egomaniac . If he had killed Hunter Bell , that body wouldn 't be holed up in a wall . It 'd be on display in the town square . So , then why did we bring him in here ? Now he 's good and riled up , maybe he 'll lead us to the person who framed him , the real killer . You knew this this whole time . Why didn 't you tell me ? I thought you 'd be more convincing this way . Where I come from , framing a man is the act of a coward . Tarr , I don 't know what you 're talking about . Hunter Bell . You had as much reason to kill him as I did . Why not just have the JON-du-ra to admit it instead of implicating me ? You really think I killed that sack of shtako ? Well , if you didn 't do it , who did ? Don 't know , don 't care . I have a wedding to attend . Well , the wedding is off . That 's what Alak said at first . Then we started talking . Your son loves my daughter , and my daughter loves him , and that 's good enough for me . Oh , he may never get my mines , but I will look out for him , and I will make sure that those kids have a wedding that they will always remember . Oh , please . Um ... We should get over there . The ceremony 's about to begin . Dr Yewll ? I got your message . I 'm just on my way to the wedding . I won 't keep you long . Would you mind locking the door ? Have you come to a decision ? Are we partners again ? We 'll get so much farther working together . This isn 't about the artefact . Our favourite Liberata bartender was killed today . Oh , no . How sad . A Casti charge blade slit his throat . Oh , Datak Tarr . Why am I not surprised ? Nicolette . It 's me you 're talking to . I had no choice . He was the only person who knew that we killed Hunter Bell . There was no reason to hurt him . Jered 's known the truth for seven years and he never said a word . It was pre-emptive . I was exposed once , Doctor . I couldn 't risk that happening again . Well , vision seems to be functioning okay . Well , I told you , I 'm fine . It 's just this damn ache in my arm and leg . Okay . Well , let 's take a look at it . Okay , wiggle your fingers . How did you get in here ? Kenya slipped . I needed some salve . Well , get out . This is a sterile environment . I thought you might come by . Excuse the renovations . Drink , ladies ? Or should I call you something else ? I 'm afraid there 's been a misunderstanding . Yes . There certainly has . The citizens of this town believe their mayor is a human being . - What do you want ? - Well , let 's start with the truth , because I am bubbling over with curiosity . I am an Indogene , Mr Bell . - Nicky ... - Camouflaged biologically to appear human . What are you , some sort of spy ? There is something very important in this town , Mr Bell . In the wrong hands , it could be very dangerous . We 're here to prevent that happening . We 're here to protect Earth . Yeah ? For my kind or your kind ? For all kinds . Well , I don 't want to get in the way of your important job , so , why don 't you give me a cool 100 G to keep that secret of yours nice and safe ? Oh , I 've heard what an enterprising young man you are . Quite the negotiator to boot . This isn 't a negotiation . You 're right about that . Oh , my God ! You psycho piece of shtako ! You JEK-king killed him ! I was afraid I hadn 't hit him hard enough . Oh ... Jered , dear , would you mind helping us clean up this mess ? Relax , Doctor . It 's all cleaned up . It 's over . Yes , I suppose it is . You know , when I first came to this town , I wanted to start over . I wanted to right my wrongs . And you ... Well , you told me everything that I wanted to hear . You were my inspiration . But you changed . You unleashed the Volge , Nicky . You murdered a harmless bartender . It has become painfully clear to me that there is no end to the lives that you 're willing to sacrifice for what you call " the greater good . " If I can 't trust you with a simple walking stick , how am I supposed to trust you with a genocidal weapon ? The first needle was a paralytic . It 'll stop you from struggling , and also from experiencing pain . You know , I 've changed , too . I 've become a healer instead of a destroyer . And that 's why I 'm so sorry for what I have to do . But it 's for the greater good . Goodbye , old friend . There . You look beautiful . I didn 't think I 'd be this nervous . You have nothing to be nervous about as long as you remember that your husband is your partner and your equal . And you are never gonna let him treat you as anything less . No . Christie , can I have a word with you , please ? Good luck . Bye , Stahma . I understand you 're not comfortable wearing the telo . Oh , it 's all right , really ... So I made this for you instead . An old world bridal veil ? I copied it from a book . - Stahma , you didn 't have to . - I wanted to . As my grandmother said to my mother on the day of her wedding ... And the bride from darkness comes into the light of her shining groom . Datak accused Rafe of framing him . - But I don 't buy it . - Nor do I. Dad . It 's okay , Alak . Here , give me your hand . You Okay ? Weddings are just weird for me . Yeah , I get that . Wow . No knives . - Why is she not wearing the telo ? - I don 't know . - Nicky isn 't here . - That 's strange . Jered 's fingers . I knew I 'd seen that somewhere before . The Liberatas , during the war , when the E.M.C. used oxygen bombs , that 's what they looked like . Liberatas breathe nitrogen , not oxygen . Oxygen poisoning . Today is a special day , an important day for Defiance . That 's why I didn 't want to spoil it with my presence . I killed Hunter Bell for what I thought was the betterment of this town . When his body was recently discovered , I killed Jered Kikema whose only crime was witnessing my own . I realise it 's only a matter of time before the lawkeeper discovers the truth . With my health , I 'll never survive Vegas Prison . So I 've decided to end my life . I told myself I was acting for the greater good , but that kind of thinking leads you down a dark road . I can only hope I 've left the town I love in better hands than my own . I 'm sorry . - She used to be good people . - Well , sometimes good people do bad things . Congratulations , kid . You solved your first case . Yeah , it 's just , I can 't believe it . - Mayor Nicky . - I know . People are a mystery , kid , sometimes even to themselves . And they all have secrets . Only rule I know is that every time you think you have ' em figured out , they change . We all do .
