 It 's going to be a beautiful wedding . Sorry I had to cuff you , Ambassador . I want everything Headquarters has on Amanda Rosewater . This is Connor Lang . Where she was born , who her friends and family are , every man she 's ever slept with , and what she 's having for dinner tomorrow night . - Quentin ! - Shut up ! If you really want to know what happened to your mother , come and see me . I really need a doctor . Get your gloves on ! We 've got ourselves a plague . - Stop ! - Good morning , Defiance . This is Alak Tarr on Raider Radio , broadcasting from the top of the Arch . Now , I 've been asked to pass on some important information about the contagion . - Surgical masks ! - It is viral haemorrhagic fever . - Good for most diseases . - Commonly known as the Irath ﬂu . Surgical masks , get them now . There you are . Humans and Irathients both carry the bug , but Irathients don 't get sick . So if you 're human or Irathient , best thing you can do is stay indoors , stay calm , and avoid contact with others . Now , this flu spreads through skin-to-skin contact , so while gloves are helpful , breathing masks are a waste of your money . Surgical masks ! So don 't bother to spend your money on a ... How about you ? Surgical masks ! Just try to remain calm and avoid all physical contact . Now remember ; if you 're feeling like shtako , report to the triage tents on Bexar . Oh , my God . This is horrible . - How many ? - Six dead , 21 sick . Somebody help him ! He needs help ! What can we do ? Contain the bug , keep the sick comfortable , and hope a cure arrives . Arrives from where ? There was an outbreak in the Bay Area . A former colleague , Eren Niden , spent months working on an antiviral . If we are lucky , one of the independent outposts will relay the message to San Francisco . Doctor . Doctor , I 'm losing her ! Are you sweating ? It 's hot . Rumour 's been going around that a cure is on its way , special delivery thanks to the good people of San Francisco . But in the meantime , let 's groove to some Eine Kleine Plaguemusik . Alak . Are those E-Rep trucks ? This is Gateway Arch . I need to talk to the Mayor . Hi . Drinking buddies . I really want to know . Why is there an Earth Republic garrison camped outside my town ? Well , this bug has migrated across the country in a matter of days . I think they 're trying to prevent it from heading east . A bit late for that . Our patient zero was travelling with an Irath caravan headed east . He was intercepted and destroyed . They 're imposing a quarantine . They 're serious . To prevent the spread of this contagion , they are more than happy to let every human in this town die , myself included . And when we 're all dead , they 're gonna roll in here and they 're gonna take this town over . And the gulanite mines . We could put together some weapons , some mining vehicles , probably bust through that barricade . And what , risk spreading infection throughout the rest of North America ? Look , Earth Republic may be a bunch of cold-hearted opportunists , but that doesn 't mean they 're wrong . So what , you 're saying there 's no hope ? Mayor , the town council 's asking for you . There 's always hope , and it 's our job to remind people . Let 's go . Well , weren 't you stupid letting that one get away ? - Yeah , I was . - Hmm . She 's wrong about the hope thing . We 're all gonna be dead very soon . So , wanna get drunk ? Nah , I 'm on the clock . Suit yourself . Dirty I-raths ! Leave and take your disease with you ! Dirty I-raths ! Back away , Haints ! No ! Go to your homes before you 're infected . We 're immune to your disease . Not if I bite you . Rathus . Little Wolf . Nizar . That hurt my hand . You 'll live . How is Sukar ? Still sleeping the deep sleep . We came here for more of his medicine and supplies . Now Earth Republic soldiers tell us we can 't leave town . The great sickness has come . If it spreads , I fear the humans will once again hunt and kill us . Little Wolf , will you pray with us ? It is my honour to pray with the family . Sixteen people dead and what ? Another 30 laid up in the tents ? At the rate we 're going , we 're never going to survive the E-Rep quarantine . The lawkeepers are keeping everyone inside to contain the spread . Yeah , what about the Irathients ? They are the carriers . - So are humans . - It 's not the same thing . It 's time you humans understood the truth about the Irathient race . They carry diseases like anyone else but rarely get sick themselves . - It 's true . - That 's not true . Now , this has given them a reputation amongst other Votan races as unclean , as plague carriers . This reputation may be rooted in bigotry , but it 's also based in truth . There is a reason the Irathients keep to themselves . There is a reason that my people shun them . Yeah , a good reason . This town is better than that . Irathient carriers walk around for weeks , infecting others , showing no symptoms . That 's how this bug gets spread , and it 's gotta stop . What are you suggesting ? Confine the Iraths , confine the disease . We put them down in the mines temporarily . We 've asked them to stay inside voluntarily . You can 't trust Iraths . And when did a Spirit Rider ever take an order ? - Now Rafe has the right idea . - I agree . Ozin , get your head out of Datak 's ass and listen . All of you . Now , it took a long time to get the Spirit Riders to trust us . We have peace . Now , if we start imprisoning healthy Irathients because they might be carriers , we 're gonna have an armed uprising to deal with on top of everything else . Amanda , I have children . Sending the Irathients to the mines , temporarily , would protect them against bigots . - It 'd be a kindness , really . - Oh ! We 'd be keeping them safe . Safe ? Well , let 's put it to a vote , shall we ? There is a storm among our brothers Calm the wind and dry the rain Stand us up once again Stand us up once again Irisa . Can I come up ? So you 're here to arrest us . Well , it 's more like sequestering . All right , it 's a quarantine . We 're not sick . But you could be carrying the virus . Irisa , don 't look at me like that . You know it 's possible . It 's a hard time , and you have a duty to keep the peace . I bet you didn 't tell Nolan you were planning this . No . Did you really think I 'd agree to let you lock me up ? Lock them up like animals ? I 'd appreciate your cooperation . I don 't require it . I 'll slow them down . Go around town , gather up our people and get them to safety . My place is at your side ! Rathus , get him out of here ! Come on , brother . She knows what she 's doing . Come on ! Don 't make this any harder on yourself . I won 't . Hey ! Hands off her ! You get your hands off her . Are you hurt ? - I 'm fine . - Why don 't you ask me , Nolan ? Little dingbat pushed me off the damn roof . You were supposed to let me tell Nolan before you did anything . Yeah , well , I lost track of time . You let her go , Rafe , or I start shooting people . Yeah , well , you won 't get far . Nobody wants to hurt the kid , but I will if you don 't put that damn cannon away . Think about it , Nolan . Every human in town is afraid of dying . People are desperate . If you 're Irathient , the best place to be is out of sight . Tell your father it 's okay . She 's not a parrot . Tell him . He needs to hear it from you . I don 't like these odds . Put up the gun . I 'm not gonna let you down . Not again . Put up the gun . All right , let 's move . Nolan . Are you crazy ? My daughter is down a hole with a bunch of slaghead miners who think she 's Typhoid Mary . Look , I know it 's hard . I opposed the council on this , and I was overruled . I have to accept it , which means you have to accept it . Yeah ? Well , Irisa and I have a rule , too . Rule ? What rule ? We live or die together . She 'll be expecting me to come for her . She 's not . Are you delusional ? - You 're sweating . Nolan ... - So what , all right ? It 's hot , and I 'm under pressure . You 're sweating , too . - This is about Sukar . - What ? Yeah , you feel guilty , she hasn 't forgiven you , so you 're gonna prove what a great dad you are by getting a lot of people killed . Get out of my way , Amanda . What , are you gonna shoot me , Nolan ? Hate to interrupt a moment , but ... It 's a message recorded in San Francisco . They received my distress beacon and dead-dropped antiviral meds using an old ICBM . We have a cure ? We have a cure . Drink this tea . It 'll wake you up . Why would I want to be awake ? Because we 're going on a little road trip , sweetheart . The payload drop with the plague cure is sitting out in the Badlands , waiting for us to pick it up . And you 're gonna talk your bosses into letting us through that barricade . Sho-hooch . - Mandy ... - No skin contact ! Look , I 'm fine . I 'm just dizzy , okay ? Go . Come on . The lawkeepers are doing everything they can to control the situation . If there 's a problem , report it to the nearest deputy . The town 's medical staff has just informed me that the plague seems to progress in stages . Stage one is coughing and sweating , which we 've all heard about . Stage two gets a lot more serious , and no one can predict how quickly it 'll come on . Ah , Quentin , love . Hello . Are you supposed to be smoking those ? Oh , cancer is so slow . Something far more interesting is bound to kill me first . I hear plague is a popular way to go . What is it ? You wouldn 't be here unless there was something on your mind . At my house , you said you knew what really happened to my mom . Oh , so I did . So tell me . You came empty-handed . Ah , you wanted to test me . You were feeling me out to , uh , be certain that my information was reliable . So like your father . If you know something , tell me . Don 't waste my time . So much of it has been wasted already . Breaks my heart . Quentin , you 've lost so many nights with your mother . Don 't you dare squander another one . My mom is dead . No . That 's the lie your father told you . Bring me the object I am looking for ... The object you killed Mr Birch to protect , and I will tell you exactly where to find Pilar . - Hey , hey . Move . Let 's go . - In a straight line ! This way , this way ! I said , move it ! Hey , move along . Make room in the cage . We 've got more coming . Keep moving . Did they catch the others ? We split up to confuse our pursuers . I don 't think they caught Nizar . Good . They 're going to gas us . What ? No . It 's how the Castis killed us in the Great Diaspora . Caves filled with chlorine gas . Irzu 's path is circular . Nolan won 't let that happen . Nolan is one man . You 're making a mistake . Mom 's alive , Luke . I 'm gonna find out where she is . Without that , you 'll never see me again . I figured . Don 't give it to her , Quentin . Hello ? My chest is on fire . Dad , it really hurts . Yeah , the medicine 's coming . You 'll be fine , sweetie . Rafe , Quentin , this is no place for healthy humans . She needs us , FA-vi Tarr . Where 's Doc Yewll ? My daughter 's in pain here ! We ran out of pain medicine hours ago . Take this instead . It 's an old world opiate from my own cellar . It should ease her pain for a while . Is this on the level ? Give it to her . I wonder if I 'll recognise her . Who ? Mom . Don 't talk like that . You 're gonna be okay . The Mayor collapsed in her office ! Her fever is spiking . Clear the way . She 's gone stage two . Get me some fluids . - You 're sweating . - I 'm fine . Seriously , you look like shtako . You wanna shut up ? All right . Amanda said you served . 101st . Intel . Yep , rear echelon . But you guessed that already . Can 't say I blame you . We can 't all be heroes . Well , Amanda must have seen something . - For a time . - How long ? Three years . Had a good run . How 'd it end ? What 's up with all these questions ? I don 't know . Passes the time . Makes for a pleasant drive . You cheated on her . - Is that what you think ? - Am I wrong ? You know , I don 't really want to have this conversation . Yeah , you cheated on her . If you want to hook up with my ex , maybe you should ask her all this stuff . I got her pregnant . I was scared about bringing up a kid in the new world , but I was up for the challenge . I 'm from a big Irish family . Sunday dinners every week . It was exciting . And I loved Amanda . More than anything . But she ... I don 't know . She got scared or something . She aborted the baby without telling me first . You 're right . This is a really pleasant drive . I 'll talk to them . We 'll do it together . Turn around , sir . Return to Defiance , or I will shoot you . Keep your hands where we can see them . I need to speak to your commanding officer . That 's far enough , Ambassador . Colonel Marsh . Good to see you again . Hello , Connor . That 's far enough , son . Ambassador Tennety . Connor Lang . I 've heard a lot about you . Wish we could be meeting under less stressful circumstances . Me , too . Now turn around and go back to Defiance . You 're under quarantine . We got a load of antivirals two klicks over that ridge , payload direct from San Francisco . Well , how about we 'll pick it up and we 'll bring it to you ? I don 't trust you . I can 't let you past this barricade . Your snipers have a three-klick range , right ? We drive straight to the medicine . We load the car . We turn around . We make any wrong turns , any wrong directions , you take us both out . I 'm sorry , but the stakes are too high , Connor . We can 't let this thing spread to the East Coast . You people are still looking to build a strategic alliance with Defiance , right ? You know we are . No thanks to your Mayor . You keep these people from their medicine , the survivors are gonna know about it . They 're gonna hold the Earth Republic responsible . I 'll make sure of that . Now , I got a town of 6,000 souls in Defiance Valley , human souls . If you do not let me provide them with their medicine , their deaths will be on your head . All right , I have had it with this guy . Sergeant . Stand down ! All right , go . But you will be in our sights the entire time . Thank you , sir . I hate that bitch . Okay , now you really look like shtako . I 'm fine . Let 's just get the meds . Wait , just ... - Another bed . - Over here . Here . That 's good . Outside . Gently . - Straight out . - Coming through . Your husband 's been on the council for six weeks . He is Castithan and immune to the sickness . Don 't you think it 's safer , in this time of crisis , for the town to have stability ? Save your breath . You may have talked Datak on to the council , but it ends here . Rafe is the senior council member . He 'll serve as interim Mayor while I 'm recovering . I understand . There is a storm among our brothers Hear us , Idanyu of the flame Hey ! Keep it down , huh ? The man said shut up ! There is a storm among our brothers They 're praying for you and the rest of the humans . Well , we never asked for your Votan prayer . Break it up ! Now ! Come on , Gail . Leave them alone . That 's it . I said that 's it ! Come on , Gail . Back off ! Back off ! Move out of the way ! - Get back ! - Stay back ! Back ! Get outta here . Relax , relax . Come on , move ! Move ! Very well . When your father came to Defiance , you and your brother were small boys . Christie was just a baby . Your mother , Pilar , was sick . In the old world , the name for it was bipolar , but that 's meaningless here . When the world fell apart , they stopped making her medicine . Your father was desperate . Now , I was a quartermaster in the war and knew how to procure , well , challenging items . With the help of Datak Tarr , we were able to keep poor , fragile Pilar on the straight and narrow with old world lithium . All was well . The McCawley family was happy . Well , gradually , over time , and inevitably , the medicine stopped working . Well , not surprising . It was more than a decade old . I don 't need to tell you that in this world we live in , there 's no place for the fragile . Pilar got worse and worse , until the day when your father came down the stairs and found her buttering your breakfast toast with rat poison . Your father would 've shot her on the spot , but I intervened . Oh , we were having an affair at the time . I knew that the guilt of murdering the mother of his children would eat him alive and destroy any chance of happiness he and I might have had . So our relationship did not survive , but against all odds , Pilar did . Where is she ? Mendocino . I 'll draw you a map . Oh , but first , I 'll need your key card . You won 't need it . Not if you 're heading west . Doc 's gonna have her staff waiting for us in the back of the fight tent . Nolan , you need to pull over . Why would I do that ? Because you 're about to keel over . You need an injection right now . No , people are dying . I 'm not stopping . Unload the medicine . We 'll take them with us . I never trusted you . Yeah ? Well , the feeling 's mutual , pal . You claim to be the father of an Irathient , yet you cage us like animals ? I don 't like it any better than you do , but people are dying . We gotta get the cure to the tent . It will be delivered when you hail the Mayor and free my people . When my brother Rathus stands before me . I got a better idea , okay ? You release the cure , the Irathients go free , and then you and me , we go get a drink . I don 't drink with humans . Go get a drink ? Now that 's a good idea . I 'm buying . Hail the Mayor . Take it all the way back . Yep . She 's worse off than I am . She can barely breathe . Christie ? Look , I know this isn 't what we had in mind when we planned out our wedding . But here . Mr McCawley , I 'm so sorry to bother you , but the lawkeeper 's on the Mayor 's hailer . Rafe , please , let us take care of this . You need to be with your daughter . Mr McCawley , the Mayor was very specific that you are her appointed successor . You little idiot . Can 't you see my daughter-in-law is sick ? Leave our family in peace . Hello , Nolan . Where are you ? Uh , Stahma , put Amanda on the line . Mayor Rosewater has taken ill . My husband is in charge now . What 's the status , Lawkeeper ? Where is the medicine ? In my possession . I will destroy it if my demands are not met . They want Rathus ? Shtako . That 's not really gonna work . Rathus is dead . How in the three hells did that happen ? The miner feared for her life . Release the Irathients . All of them . Trust me . Release the Irathients . At once . This ... this man needs that medicine . That 's not my doing . He 's gonna die . This is not just about me , Nizar . They need to do what I ask ! No , no , think about what you 're doing . So many people are gonna die . Unwrap one packet and inject him ! Why aren 't they bringing Rathus ? Who are you ? Datak Tarr . For simplicity 's sake , you may call me Mayor . I 've come unarmed . We 've met your demands . The Irathients have been released . Where 's my brother ? There was an altercation at the mines . Shots were fired . Your brother is dead . I blame the humans . I 've done a great deal of soul-searching on this matter , and I 've come to realise that this planet is better off without them . The disease , this pestilence , is a cleansing fire . A gift from Ra-yet-so , Irzu , all the Votan Gods . The first step in this great path , of course , is that we destroy this cure . You 're willing to wipe out every human in this town ? I believe it was a human who coined the phrase ... Survival of the fittest . Please . Murdering Haint ! I want you to know your death . I want you to beg for your life ! Beg me ! Please ... Please ... Know how you shame your liro ... by begging for your life ! You dare lay hands on me ? Shtako ! Shtako ! You diseased animal ! It 's over . Cut me loose . I 'm sorry you had to see that . It doesn 't fit my narrative . Come on , Nolan . Stop faking . Just as well . Explaining away two dead humans could prove awkward . It 's over . I 've got the cure . Kiddo . You 're supposed to be resting . Oh , I 'll sleep when I 'm dead . You 're an idiot . I know . The Irathient internment was a terrible tragedy . We came through it together . There were so many acts of bravery and kindness . But I 'd like to single out for you two people in particular . Lawkeeper Nolan and Connor Lang , who braved the Badlands to bring the cure to us all . Ambassador Lang will be missed . I 'd also like to thank Datak Tarr for stepping in while I was sick and rescuing our precious medicine . This was a frightening time for us all . The stakes were high , and we learnt a bit about ourselves . I certainly did . If you were to ask people in this town , they might say I 'm a scoundrel , selfish . I did not ask to lead you through this recent crisis . I had no interest taking on that burden . And quite frankly , I wished to be left alone . But my lovely wife wouldn 't hear of it . She taught me that I could not ignore the pain I saw in the eyes of my fellow townspeople . My wife helped me understand community , that there is no greater honour than service . No , there 's not . Thank you , Datak . There is no greater honour than giving back ... - Why is my mic off ? - ... to the people of this town . And it is for this reason that I am renouncing my former ways and throwing my hat into the ring as candidate for Mayor of Defiance . Amanda , I do hope this town is big enough to withstand a little healthy competition . Of course , Datak . I look forward to the challenge . It 'll be fun . I feel this town deserves leadership that 's sympathetic to the needs of our Votan population . Never again will we tolerate the incarceration of our Irathient brothers and sisters . These things will kill you . And far more efficiently than a poorly planned Volge attack . That was Birch 's idea . Mmm-hmm . And was triggering a radiation leak in Old St Louis also Birch ? Mistakes were made . You two are reckless and stupid . You always have been . That 's why I stopped working with you . He 's dead , you know . Birch . Hmm . I guess that makes you and me the last two left in the old gang . Oh , come back and work with me . I can 't do this alone . I 'm pretty certain I 'm being watched . Sorry . I 'm not interested . You sure about that ? I finally got my hands on one of the Kolavan . Which one ? The golden knot . Where is it ? Nicolette , destroy it immediately . You know I can 't do that . You 're crazy . You know that ? Come be crazy with me . Together , we can reshape this planet . Reshape or destroy ? You can 't create without destroying . I thought you would have figured that out by now , Doctor .
