 [ rhythmic drumming ] [ indistinct conversations ] [ drumming continues in distance ] [ brakes squeal ] [ camera shutters click ] [ indistinct conversations ] [ doors sliding ] [ indistinct conversations ] [ indistinct shouting ] [ screaming ] [ brakes squeal ] [ doors sliding ] [ clicking ] [ train approaches ] Maybe I should learn to fly . It 's not too late , right ? I could learn . What do you like best - - the freedom ? The view ? The solitude . Got it . See you in sweden . I only get one shot . And it has to knock a person back , as well as out . Which is why we 're perfecting this little beauty . .45-caliber cartridges , semi-automatic . Each mag ... Contains eight therapeutic rounds of dendrotoxin . In case you miss ! Or have multiple assailants . Yeah , w-we 're gonna have this new night-night pistol Working in no time . Okay ? Great . One thing - - we 're not calling it that . [ gasps ] ah , told you . Yes , we - - yes , we are . Have you seen skye ? Not since weapons training . Has she stopped saying " bang " when she pulls the trigger ? Mostly . Now , if she can just learn the difference Between the safety release and the magazine release , We 'll be making real progress . Skye : What 's up , phil ? I 'd prefer you not call me " phil . " Okay , you 're the boss ... A.C. Just missing my van a bit , taking a little me time . I want your help with something . [ inhales sharply ] Hit me with it . You ever rob a bank ? No . An armored car ? Nope . How about a casino ? Should I be offended ? Somebody 's stealing millions of dollars in diamonds . They 've found a way to crack the security systems . I want you to figure out their exploit . Hmm . Yesterday , 25 men , all military , Were hired by one of the largest gem brokers in the world . They dressed the men in identical outfits , Gave each one a randomly assigned briefcase , And sent them along 25 different routes here in stockholm . No one knew which briefcase contained the diamonds , But they were still stolen . Tack . May : Why the kabuki theater ? They were afraid because somebody 's targeting diamonds - - An armored car in milan , A safe in monte carlo , and now this - - Over $ 30 mil total . Each theft occurred despite heavy security . They sound like inside jobs . A lot of people share that opinion . You don 't . Cctv cameras catch any of the action ? Fitz-simmons is checking . The system went dark for an hour . They think it was hacked . It was the same thieves each time ? Yes , but it was just one thief - - a woman . And she did it all with her eyes closed . Eyewitnesses I.D. Her ? Black , athletic build , late 20s , early 30s . So , you asked how she could have cracked the system . I have a pitch , but it 's way outside the box . I live outside the box . There are people in the world with superpowers , right ? What if this woman has esp or something ? There are no credible studies that support precognition , Telepathy , or extrasensory perception . Okay , so science says no . But this woman knew impossible things . And why did she close her eyes ? That 's either random or totally important . Was she listening ... Or was she reading minds ? I 'm gonna go play with my phone now . Why does h.Q. Want us to investigate these heists ? They don 't . I picked this op . Any luck ? Skye : Yep , I 'm getting full bars , Which means if I was down here And 25 guys were in scary red masks , You know what I would do ? Instagram . It 's amazing . Every year , this part of our job gets easier . Between facebook , instagram , and flickr , People are surveilling themselves . With many filters to choose from . I could do this pretty well when I was hacking For the rising tide , but you guys tag and search In ways the rest of us never dreamed of . I can run facial-recognition software on the photos , Cross-reference them with our criminal databases . You don 't have to . [ beep ] that 's the thief . Her name 's akela amador . You 're certain ? I should be . I trained her . Akela amador was a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent . Seven years ago , she led a raid on one of vanchat 's gulags . Everyone believed that she And the two other agents on the mission were killed . I had my doubts . So I sent in a second team , just in case . They found a lot of carnage But couldn 't confirm that any of it was amador - - Left the possibility open . That 's why you chose this op - - When you heard about the heists . There are only a few women in the world Who could pull off something so impossible . Since you 're on the bus , I thought it had to be her . Swedish customs confirmed that amador left the country Using an alias on a swedish passport . She flew into belarus , Bought a train ticket to a town called zloda . I 've also put together A list of individuals who could fence that many diamonds . [ beep ] There 's been no contact or activity . Maybe she 's saving them for a rainy day , Buying something special . Let 's focus on finding amador . I 'll let h.Q. Know she 's alive So they can assist with the manhunt . I 'd like to hold off on that . Until we know more . Contact belarus authorities . Find us a place to park the bus . Put together a list of inns , Hotels , and pensions near zloda . There can 't be that many of them . We 'll find her . I 'm not so special after all . I 'm not your first protégée . Relax . I 'm teasing . I know I 'm not a protégée . Hell , I 'm not even a real , live s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent yet . You two couldn 't be more different . Amador was smart , talented , fearless . Wow , there 's nothing in common . Let me finish . She didn 't play well with others , Found little value in teamwork . I thought I could instill those qualities in her , So I pushed her ... Maybe too hard . Don 't blame yourself Because this chick went to the dark side . Whatever path she went down , Whatever weird stuff she got into , it 's on her . The agreement was to come alone . I did ! What about the man in the next room ? Or the one by the stairs ? They 're here to protect me for when I leave ... With the merchandise . Please . [ breathing heavily ] I 'm sorry . I 've never done this before . May I see them ? The rest - - they are ... In the bag . You can carry it through customs . No one will know . Now ... It 's your turn . When I said $ 30 million , I never thought anybody would - - If it fails , I will find you . It will access all the levels , as promised . [ sighs ] But once you 're inside , do you have a plan ? It 'll come to me . [ birds chirping ] Simmons : How exciting . I 've dreamed of visiting zloda since I was a schoolgirl . Zloda , belarus ? A dream come true ? Really ? It 's the birthplace of nobel physicist zhores alferov . I mean , technically , he 's from vitebsk , But that 's less than an hour from here , And I 'm a bit disappointed that you didn 't know that . Well , no , of course I know who that is , Father of heterostructure transistors , Thank you very much . We 're all well aware of that . I 'm just a little bit preoccupied . Our first and only other time in the field Wasn 't exactly a picnic , was it ? You guys are only here to search for amador electronically . You won 't even need to leave the van . May : Bus to short bus . Go for short bus . Next time , I 'll decide what we call ourselves , okay ? H.Q. Has requested a status update . What 'd you tell them ? That we 're tracking a potential suspect - - nothing more . I owe you one . More like three . If amador 's here , she 'll have to contact her buyer . Scan for cellphone transmissions , Encrypted e-mails , anomalous broadcast signatures . Call us if you find anything that indicates her presence . Maintain radio silence unless you really need help . Well , what exactly defines needing help ? ! [ door slams ] I can only imagine how painful this must be for you , sir - - Betrayed by someone you trained and believed in . We don 't have all the facts yet . True , but I have to assume the worst - - That amador sold out the other two agents on her mission . Wonder what she got in exchange . I don 't know , but until we do , I 'm not gonna assume anything . There 's barely electricity in this town . Can 't be too hard to find our mystery woman . Unless she already knows we 're here . No , you 're not suggesting some sort of precognition Or telepathy because ... I know - - it doesn 't exist . And not long ago , I would have dumped esp In the " aliens and portals are for crazy people " pile . But now ... Found a server . [ beeping ] [ cellphone ringing ] Spacibo . Did you locate amador ? Skye : What ? No , not yet . But we 've found a broadcast With some weird signal encrypted into it . [ laughter ] You think amador might be communicating on that signal ? Maybe , but I called with an equally pressing question For you , my s.O. What are we supposed to do if we have to pee ? You broke protocol because you need a bathroom break ? It was a really , really long drive , and everyone 's nervous . There 's a container in the bottom of the blue chest . Bottom of the blue chest . [ chatter ] [ laughter ] Not the water bottle ? That 's the one . Did you never learn the thing That boy parts and girl parts are different , And our parts aren 't penises ? Agent coulson and I Are trying to find a dangerous criminal . If there 's nothing else pressing ... Well , listen , fitz wants to know if you packed any snacks . 'cause I 'm feeling a bit peckish . Uh ... Hello ? He- - [ static ] he hung up . Dobryy den . Good afternoon . I 'm agent coulson . This is agent ward . We 're looking for this young woman . Oh , she 's my angel . Why do you say that ? She has gift - - knows things . She told me to go to doctor . He found a tumor . I 'm having surgery next week . This girl saved me . [ static , chatter ] Fitz : I can 't stabilize it . There 's an encrypted local signal competing . Skye : Mirror it over . I have a couple of rising tide exploits that might work . [ laughter ] [ beeping ] [ keys clacking ] One last thing . Ta-da , and you 're welcome . It 's very important that we talk with her . With her gift , I 'm sure she knows you 're coming . Fitz : What kind of tv show is this ? That looks a bit like our van . What are we looking at ? Us . Why are we getting bigger ? [ crashing ] Let 's get out of here ! [ engine sputters ] oh , stupid tall person . Call coulson . Get the gun . It 's her . Safety off . [ gun clicks ] Bang ? [ footsteps approach ] Ward : Sir , amador attacked you and your people . Whatever regard you hold for her isn 't reciprocated . She just kicked us in the teeth . How 's the team ? Rattled . No broken bones . We 're lucky she just knocked the van over So she could get away . Probably take awhile for our folks to refocus . I think I can recover the data signature Of that encrypted broadcast . I don 't understand it yet , But that 's how she was watching us . Give me an hour . Maybe we can start watching back . Something 's wrong . It 's the same feed that was watching us in the van . Uh , put it on the big monitor . M-maybe the lens broke when the van rammed us . I hope she broke more than that . It 's a mirror . Are we recording this ? Uh ... [ beep ] We are now . Fitz : Whoa . How are we seeing this ? Where 's the camera ? It 's her eye . She 's the camera . It switches to backscatter when she closes her eyes . You 're a robot . Can you do that ? Who has tech like this ? We don 't - - not like this . That 's not small and internal . That 's at least a decade ahead of anything I 've seen . Though , now that I 've seen it , I could maybe approximate it - - the backscatter x-ray , A micro-transceiver that somehow doesn 't fry her brain , An internal power source ... All miniaturized . Honestly , it 's ... That 's genius . ... Genius . We have to bring her in . We have to take her out . She 's a weapon . I 'll call h.Q. , See if we can bring a task force in to help us . Our team can handle this . I get it . You feel responsible - - maybe you pushed her too hard . But she tried to kill three members of our team . If she wanted us dead , we 'd be dead . We got lucky . You want to risk our lives again ? You told me you were ready for combat , that you had my back . Don 't ever doubt it . But you are defending this girl at the expense of the team . Because we protect our own . With all due respect , sir , she 's not one of our own . Skye : Guys . Simmons : Why does she have to ask for permission ? She 's not being watched . She 's being controlled . We have to find her . We 'll take shifts watching the feed . Sooner or later , she 'll look at something That will clue us into her location . I 'll take the first watch . [ insects chirping ] [ knock on door ] I just wanted to give you a quick update . She 's still at the hotel , so ... And that 's the update . It 's a pretty weird day , huh ? It 's like we were trapped in a van-shaped piñata . That should never have happened . It 's okay . It wasn 't nearly as terrible As watching mom and dad fight downstairs . That shouldn 't have happened , either . You regret coming along ? It was pretty impulsive , even for me . I still don 't know much about you ... Except for you value really old stuff . And you value me . First person to do that in a long time . So I happen to believe you 're an excellent judge of character . If you think this woman deserves a second chance , We should give it to her Even though she tried to kill me And I kind of hate her guts . [ door closes ] Fitz . What ? What happened ? Where 's may ? Uh , I don 't know . She was watching the transmission . Amador must be sleeping . Play it back . [ beeping ] There . She got another message - - todorov building . Wait . Stop . [ beep ] Can you get closer on that receipt ? Damn it , may . Wake the others . [ light switch clicks ] Whoever 's monitoring you , do they have audio ? No . But they 'll use facial recognition To determine you 're a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent . So I don 't have to introduce myself . Did coulson send you ? No . He feels sorry for you . I don 't . I 'm bringing you into s.H.I.E.L.D. You 'll get a fair trial , and no one else gets hurt . You have no idea , do you ? We know that you receive orders . Then you know that once they see you , Only one of us gets to walk out of here . They built in a fail-safe . Either I kill you ... Or they kill me . You should have stayed in bed . [ grunting ] Hello , akela . You 're safe now . Give it a minute . I hit you with a powerful dendrotoxin . [ breathing deeply ] There 's a kill switch in my eye . Why hasn 't my handler blown it yet ? As far as your handler knows , you fought agent may , You both went down , then you got up And left the building to complete your mission . How ? We hijacked your feed . One of my agents is wearing a set of glasses Mimicking your implant . Right now , it 's transmitting his point of view As if it was yours . It even has backscatter imaging . I get messages from my handler . We 're receiving those , as well . My agent 's on his way to the todorov building - - Completing your mission while we disable the fail-safe In your eye . I promise . They can 't see you . You 're okay , akela . Look at me . How long have they been monitoring you ? Years . Why are you doing this , coulson ? I need to know why a prox card is worth $ 30 million - - No . Why are you doing this ? Why are you helping me ? Where 's the " I told you so " ? [ sighs ] That 's not me anymore . I 'm just glad you 're alive . Vanchat would have never caught us if I 'd just done my job . I should have listened to you ... Trusted my team the way you insisted . [ voice breaking ] if I had ... They might still be alive . [ engine shuts off ] Where are we ? Todorov building . I think it 's research , not military . Looks like a prison . We wireless yet ? [ keys clacking ] Yep . Ready to detach . Don 't look at me . They need to think you 're her . And , oh , my god , super spy is ticklish . Coulson : How did you manage to escape ? I didn 't . Got caught in a crossfire , went down . Woke up in some half-assed triage bay , Blind in this eye . Spent the next four years alone in a cage At the bottom of a copper mine . We looked for you . Heard rumors you 'd been taken to shanxi province . When a team finally came , I thought it was s.H.I.E.L.D. At first , but ... Who were they ? Don 't know , even to this day , but they were organized . They took me to a clinic . I had multiple surgeries . Until one day , I could see out of both eyes again . I was so grateful ... Until I realized what they 'd done . Somebody was watching . My every move . I had no idea until they sent the first message . Then the assignments started . Mostly , it was " steal this , " " follow him , " " break into there . " I just tried to ignore them . But when I did , I 'd get this pain , Like an electric migraine . The fail-safe . Polite way of putting it . Now , when I think about my years in the cage ... I miss it . I wish I could go back , be alone , sleep in peace . I know you 're tired , but I need your help . If you want information on the prox card , You 're out of luck . You can 't go on missions without intel . It comes in pieces - - a name , an address . [ beeping ] It would suck to live like this , Wondering if someone 's watching . Testing backscatter . [ glasses beep ] [ glasses beep ] Good to go . Remember , I can 't look at you , much less help you . Got it . Don 't count on you for help . [ door opens , closes ] I 'll be watching . Coulson : Come on , akela . You 've never spoken to or met anyone in person ? No . Only contacts are the messages I receive from the englishman . The englishman - - your handler ? How do you know he 's english ? The way he refers to certain things . He uses " lift " instead of " elevator , " " boot " instead of " trunk . " think about the messages . What else do you know about him ? He 's late 30s , early 40s . Uses dated references - - " disk drive " instead of " flash drive , " " burma " instead of " myanmar . " How 's his typing ? Clumsy . Makes a lot of mistakes . Thick fingers , maybe heavyset . I forgot how good you are . Simmons : Sir , we 're ready down here . [ mid-tempo music plays ] Skye : Fitz and simmons are prepped for surgery . It should be any minute now . Remember , you have man hands , So don 't look when you scan the card . I know . Coulson : Ward 's on-site , so we don 't have much time . To remove her eyeball . Yeah , ocular surgery is not really my field of expertise . We 've got no other choice . There 's a kill switch inside akela . Could be a poison , could be an explosive . Either way , if ward 's caught , they 'll kill her instantly . Where are you going , sir ? To find out whose finger 's on the trigger . [ beeping ] Approaching delta 3 . [ scanner beeps ] Careful ! Mirror . Don 't need your help . Handler 's definitely local . Any idea where he 's transmitting from ? Somewhere here . Every time he sends a message , we get closer . Keep me updated on comm 3 . I 'm headed out now . I 'll track him down if you want to stay here And oversee the op . Thank you . This one 's mine . And about earlier - - go . Find the guy . [ monitor beeping ] I may need your feedback during the operation , Which means I have to inject a local anesthetic Into your eye rather than putting you under . Whatever 's necessary . Right . Let 's begin , then . [ chuckles ] Let me . [ squish ] [ inhales sharply ] Skye : What do they mean , " target " ? It 's never good , especially for the target . Let 's hope it 's a knockout and not a kill . You should get out of there . I 've come this far . I 'll finish , whatever it takes . [ beeping ] Help . Skye : I 'm sorry . Did you say , " help " ? Because a minute ago , You said you didn 't want or need my help . That was before they asked me to go all mata hari on this guy . [ sighs ] I 'm just gonna knock him out . Ward , wait . We may need them to get through the next door . Remember , it said seduce , not kill . I don 't think I 'm his type . Let me see . Cheap haircut . 5 : 00 shadow . Nope . Odds are you guys play for the same team . You 're gonna have to bromance him . Talk sports , vodka , the victorianov secret catalog . Be friendly , agent ward . Can you be friendly ? [ sighs ] please don 't die . [ sighs ] [ scanner beeps ] [ speaking russian ] [ speaking russian ] Da ? Da ? Guess not . [ scanner beeps ] Skye : What now ? Are you supposed to grab one of these guys ? [ beeping ] They just sent another message . Coulson , he 's close - - only a few blocks from you . He 's somewhere in victory square . One more message should lock in his precise location . [ beeping ] Figured out what I needed the guard for - - his password . Maybe I can talk you through a hack . Just give me a minute . [ alarm blaring ] no more minutes . Meet me on the south side of the building , a.S.A.P. Gotcha . Which way is south ? Stoy ! Please tell me it 's out already . It 's mostly out . What 's wrong ? Nothing . But dr . Fitzy needs to step in now . This is his area of expertise , not mine . Fitz . [ inhales sharply ] all right , then . Most likely , both the power source And kill switch are located within the eye itself . So , how to disconnect without triggering the kill switch ? Oh . I know what to do . Um ... [ clears throat ] I just need to clarify one thing . [ telephone rings ] [ glasses beep ] All right , let 's go ! [ gunshots ] Fitz : Ward . What ? You sound winded . Is this a bad time ? Little bit . Well , not so good for me , either , Considering I 'm holding a still-attached prosthetic eye That could explode at any second . Are the wires exposed or shielded ? Cut it now . Cut the wires now ! Amador : What 's happening ? Oh , no problem . Ward explained the sitch . Coming your way . I don 't know what that means . [ shoes squeak ] [ tires screech ] Let 's go . [ door closes ] He probably left as soon as he threw the kill switch . He 's there , 20 meters from you . I think I 've got him . Excuse me , sir . [ british accent ] I 'm sorry , but I 'm very late . I 'm with s.H.I.E.L.D. Oh , god . He was a former mi6 officer Who fell off the grid a few years ago . My handler was as trapped as I was . Which means the real threat 's still out there . Big s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s still trying to decipher What was written on that chalkboard . Nobody 's ever seen anything like it . Couple of people think it might be alien - - Possibly an equation . Must be important if it 's worth $ 30 million . We 'll figure it out . You 'll get a fair trial . I plan on testifying . I know people . You deserve a second chance . You already gave me one . Doesn 't matter how it plays out from here . I 'm free . Thank you . Good luck . What happened to agent coulson ? He 's different . Well , he 's loosened up a bit . He nearly died before the battle of new york . But what did they do to him ? I 'm sorry ? Never mind . [ engines roar ] Are you still needing your you time ? Skye : There 's always room for a.C. Slide on in . What 's wrong with ... " agent coulson " Or just " coulson " ? Nothing , I guess . A.C. ' s just way cooler . [ chuckles ] [ chuckles ] 'cause you are - - cool . Not many people would have made that call To give amador a second chance . I got one . Seems only fair I extend the same opportunity to others . [ sighs ] I see why you like it in here . Yeah . It 's kind of like my van . [ chuckles ] Without all the bums trying to break in . [ chuckles ] I don 't miss that . It 's more peaceful here . It 's also cool knowing that someone has my back ... No matter what . Peaceful 's good . [ crunching ] I call . And raise 100 . Hmm . You know how I know I 'm gonna beat you ? By losing ? You have a tell , a psychological tic That lets me know you 're bluffing . If I watch you carefully ... If I watch you carefully ... Oh , sorry . Hang on . You know if I do this , that not only will I see ward 's cards , But I 'll see you without any clothes on ? I fold . You win . [ glasses beep ] Hmm .
