 Julia : Chester 's mill is a place like any other . At least it used to be Until we were cut off from the rest of the world By a mysterious dome . ( cows bellowing ) Invisible , indestructible , And completely inescapable . We 're trapped . Julia : We don 't know where it came from or why it 's here , But now that we 're all trapped under the dome together , None of our secrets are safe . Yesterday , Norrie and I , we found This ... Egg With its own little dome around it . The monarch will be crowned . ( gasps ) ( gunfire ) You don 't want to make an enemy of me , barbie . There 's two sides to that coin , jim . What do you think of when I say " the monarch will be crowned " ? Uh ... What are you talking about ? I wish I knew . It 's not much further . You said it 's an egg ? With its own little mini-dome around it ? Yes , you 've only asked me 20 times . Well , you got to admit , it sounds kind of out there . Yeah , I guess I wouldn 't believe it And joe thinks that this thing could be What 's powering the dome ? Yeah , he just didn 't know how . You ever been to a planetarium ? Once in high school . Why ? That egg is projecting the dome around us the same way A planetarium projector surrounds you with stars . Well , you 're gonna get to test that theory , 'cause here it is . I don 't see an egg . I am not crazy . It was clearly right here . Where 'd it go ? Linda : Barbie , you around ? Yeah , linda . Go ahead . Shots fired on greenway street . I need you here now . I 'm on my way . I should go help . I have to find this thing . When you do , come find me . Joe : Norrie ? There 's only one rule when it comes To catching a chicken . Which is ? It ain 't easy . Yeah , but you have to kill it . I think they 're kind of cute . ( grunts ) ( laughs ) Okay , so when your apparition told julia That the monarch will be crowned , What do you think that means ? Guess somebody in here gets to be king . Or it could have something to do with those monarch butterflies That were outside the dome three days ago . Well , we should go back out to that mini-dome . See if we can get your apparition to explain himself . After we catch dinner . ( grunts ) Good morning . Very good , judging by that smile . Well , things are looking up in this town . Yeah , I heard , uh , barbie got the water flowing again . A lot of chester 's millers made that happen . And I just , uh , hammered out A food deal with our farmers . We barter goods and services For vegetables , meat . 'cause I want to keep this place open . Really ? Yeah . I know I can 't run it as good as rose did . Probably can 't offer more than one or two items a day . But I think it 's important . Ah , so , from waitress to manager In a little over a week , huh ? From waitress to owner . I want the deed , free and clear . For the first time in my life , I want to be responsible For something . The only way to do that , sink or swim , Is for it to be on me . Let me give it some thought . You do that . ( panting ) : Hey . What happened ? Is he okay ? By pure luck . The bullet only grazed him . So who fired the shot ? His neighbor , ted utley . And I 'd do it again . Barbie : Whoa . Whoa , whoa , Whoa , whoa . I 'm sorry about Mr. Feldman . I wasn 't shooting at him . My property . And that freak , he was banging on my door . What freak ? At my house . He 's still inside . Weird-looking guy showed up , ranting that he had to hide From the voices coming from the dome . I said I had a gun , but he wouldn 't leave , So I fired off a couple shots to scare him off . Except you hit your neighbor . And that freak Didn 't even run off . This thing started off by killing people , And now it 's just driving the rest of us crazy . You know , we 're all gonna die in here . Just calm down , mr . Utley , okay ? We 're gonna go get the guy out of your house . Preferably without anyone else getting shot . Stop talking to me , dome ! Get out ! I need quiet ! Get down ! Get back ! Let me see your hands ! Let me see your hands ! Get down ! Please don 't hurt me ! Hands behind your head . I just got to stop the voices ! Larry ? You know this guy ? Yeah , I 've busted him a million times for drugs . Oh , so it 's not the dome talking to you , is it ? It 's the drugs . Yeah , what is it this time , larry ? Meth ? Crack ? Rapture . Never heard of it . It 's like every kind of high combined . Coggins promised it 'd be like seeing heaven . The-the preacher sold you drugs ? Yes , right there at his funeral home . I need more ! Hi , ange . Get the hell out of here . Please , I 'm not gonna hurt you . I just ... Wanted something to eat . No , junior . No . This is my place now , And I reserve the right to refuse service to anyone , Especially psychos who chain up their ex-girlfriends . I only did that because the dome was making you sick . I 'm not sick , junior . The dome has nothing to do with me . Angie . Angie ! The pink stars are falling . The pink stars are falling in lines . The pink stars are falling . ( door creaks ) You got one second to tell me Why I shouldn 't blow your damn head off . Because you don 't want to ruin this beautiful face ? Hi , jimmy . Let me out ! Angie , angie ... ( panting anxiously ) help ! Angie , relax . Calm down , okay ? You 're safe ! ( grunting ) somebody help me ! You 're safe . ( shouts , grunts ) until what ? Until you lock me into the fallout shelter again ? You had a seizure . You kept saying : " pink stars are falling . " I only put you back there to keep you safe . And I took care of you . Like I am now . See ? I brought you home . ( panting ) ( birds chirping ) ( sighs ) You 're really letting me go ? I think I 'll see you again . The mini-dome 's gone ? Just a pile of leaves and a hole in the ground . You guys didn 't move it , did you ? No . Why would we ? I don 't know , but we need to find it again . I just wish my mom was still here to help us . I can 't believe she was alive just two days ago . How 's carolyn doing ? She 's still grieving . Should you stay with her ? We had a long talk this morning , and ... She said she just needs some time alone . And I need to do this . ( door opens ) hey . ( panting ) joe : Angie . You ... Look like crap . Thanks . I just had a seizure at the diner . ( anxious laugh ) What do you mean you had a seizure ? Angie : I mean I was just standing there and then I ... I went blank and ... Collapsed . Did you say , " the pink stars are falling " ? How did you know that ? Because norrie and I have had the exact same seizure . What ? Why didn 't you tell me ? You haven 't exactly been here a lot . Oh , my god . Angie ... ( sighs ) junior 's right . I am sick . Julia : Honey , why don 't you sit down for a minute ? No , I need to get a glass of water first . Joe ... Did you know that angle has a butterfly tattoo ? Yeah . My parents almost killed her when she got it . And now she 's having seizures . Maybe she 's the monarch who will be crowned . My sister ? No way . And monarch butterflies are orange . Angie 's is blue and yellow , So there goes that theory . Well , the only way we 're gonna get answers Is if we find the mini-dome . What about that contraption that dodee made- - The yagi ? It locates energy sources , right ? Yeah . If the egg 's what 's powering the dome Then the yagi might help us track it down . Let 's ask her to borrow it . Dodee got a little weird the last time She was around the two of you . Better let me go talk to her . Big jim at a loss for words . Never thought I 'd see the day . What are you doing here , max ? I can 't just drop in on an old friend ? I mean inside the dome . Did you get through it somehow ? Like I would try and break in ? Please . No . I don 't like being in this crappy town on a good day . So you got trapped . The one day I decide to leave westlake to come see you And that thing just ... Comes down out of nowhere . You were coming to see me ? Yeah , I kept hearing About problems with our little arrangement . The one you assured me you had under control ? Which I did . So ... Duke perkins wasn 't getting antsy About looking the other way ? And the wacko preacher wasn 't making up his own batches Of our product ? Rapture ... Is your product , max . Which I never could have gotten off the ground Without you and your supply of my secret ingredient . Duke and coggins aren 't a problem anymore , So you can relax . And , uh ... If you got caught in here like the rest of us ... Where the hell you been The last eight days ? I found a house . The people who are Living there , they got caught outside the dome- - Lucky bastards- - and , um ... Been there . Hoping that someone would free us from this nightmare , And when that didn 't happen , I ... You ... Decided to make the best of a bad situation . ( smacks lips ) You know me so well , jimmy . What 's that expression ? Uh , " never let a good crisis go to waste " ? ( chuckles ) : Well , I would say chester 's mill Is in more than a crisis , so ... You and I need to get to work . And you 're the man to make it happen . ( wood cracking , door clattering ) I 'm not sure I 've ever seen a town Where the preacher was also the mortician . Reverend coggins always said He ran a one-stop " body and soul " shop . So let 's see what he left behind . I really can 't believe this . What , that coggins Was making drugs ? I 've known him since I was a little kid . Well , he was probably taking them , too . Guy seemed high as a kite every time I met him . This is the recipe he was using . Denatured alcohol , chemical stabilizers ... Liquid propane . I 've never heard of that being used to make drugs . Well , still , if you need propane , This town seems to have a hell of a lot of it . This one goes out to wybs 's regular deejay , phil bushey , Who was dumb enough to try and stop a bullet With his shoulder yesterday . Feel better , philly . Holding down the fort , huh ? I also send out an all-bandwidth sos every three hours , but ... Let me guess- - no word from the outside world . Not even a peep . So , what are you up to ? I was wondering if I could borrow the yagi for a couple hours . Why ? Dome has to have some kind Of power source . Thought I 'd take another shot at wandering around , See if anything makes it ping . I know , it 's a long shot , But it 's still better than nothing , right ? The yagi 's not gonna help you , 'cause it stopped working after joe and norrie Touched the dome the other day . Really ? Yeah . It 's another freaky thing That happened because of them . Wait , this wasn 't their idea , was it ? No , this one 's all me . Good , ' cause I still don 't trust those two . Have you told anyone else that ? No . Like I promised I wouldn 't . Look , are we done here ? 'cause I 've got a lot of work to do . Yeah , sure . Thanks , anyway . Heard you had a shooting . A junkie broke in to ted utley 's house and he shot at him . Luckily no one was seriously hurt . Hope we can say that next time . Next time ? Someone opens fire . You know it 's gonna happen . I 've been thinking- - a lot of folks have guns in our town . The only reason ollie was able to cut us off from his well Was because he and his crew were armed to the teeth . So what are you saying , we collect all the guns ? We might want to think about it . Jim , people have a constitutional right to bear arms . If we 're still a part of america . Of course we are . Really ? With that dome cutting us off , I 'd say we 're Looking more like our own country every day . I mean , resources Are only gonna get scarcer , Tensions aren 't going down anytime soon ... That 's only gonna raise it more . Look , I know it 's gonna be controversial , But what 's the harm in proposing the idea ? I mean , come on , barbie , You saw neighbor turn against neighbor in iraq- - It 's never pretty . So let 's not Have that happen here . I go on the radio , I float the idea- - It 's a totally voluntary program . I mean , hell , mine ... Mine 's the first on the stack . All right . As long as it 's voluntary and temporary . But the moment this dome comes down ... People get their guns back . Course . You 're gonna need help making that happen , so ... That should be me . Only if I can count on you . You made the sale , jim , so ... Let 's go . You really on board with this ? Hell , no , but I 'm gonna stay close to him ; I want to see what he 's up to . This is councilman jim rennie with a very important public message . ( over radio ) : Folks , I need your help to make our streets safer And our citizens more secure . I 'm starting a firearm turn-in program . This program is completely voluntary . No one 's coming to your home . This is just a way for all of us to show each other that No one means anybody else any harm . And of course ... As soon as this crisis is over , You all get your guns back . And as a reward , anyone who participates Will get extra food , Extra propane . So come on down to the sweetbriar diner , And bring your rifles , Your handguns , your ammo , whatever you got . And remember , as always ... We 'll get through this ... Just as long As we all pull together . And this is me on my first birthday . Cute . Dressed up for my cousin 's wedding . Aw , sweet . Oh , I didn 't mean to put that one in there . Whoa , whoa , whoa , go back to that one . You 're shirtless . Let 's see those abs of yours . Moving on . ( door opens ) Hey , guys . Where 's the yagi ? Broken ... If dodee is to be believed . Either way , we need another way to find the mini-dome . We could go door-to-door . ( chuckles ) : Ask anyone if they went out for a walk And happened to bring back a mysterious orb the size of a beach ball . Or we could use his nose . He sensed the mini-dome before we could even see it , And started growling . Maybe he 'll do it again . Come on , we 're taking a drive . Where to , boss ? Propane warehouse . Reverend coggins was using that stuff to make drugs . Junior . Uh ... Sorry , but do you mind if I don 't go with you on this one ? You can 't just bug out on the job whenever you feel like it . I know , But this is important . Angie Needs my help . Keep your radio on . Thanks , linda . I knew you 'd come find me . Why have you always said that the dome is making me sick ? Because it 's true . So you 've locked me up ? In the bomb shelter , to keep you safe . But now you 're out and you 're even sicker . But there 's more , Isn 't there ? Yeah . But I didn 't realize it until this morning , When you had a seizure and started talking about pink stars . What about them ? Come on . I want to show you something . ( quiet sigh ) ( sighs ) Okay , I 'm coming . Much appreciated , mr . Danbury . Come down for some extra propane . Thank you , sir . Big jim : I can 't believe how many of our gun owners Showed up already , and on such short notice . Big jim talks , and people listen . They do When it 's the right idea . Here you go , jim . Hey , listen , if you see ted utley , tell him I was hoping to see him down here today . Well , I saw him earlier . He said you 'll have to kill him before he gives up his guns . ( quietly ) : Damn it . ( racks slide ) Hey , a guy like utley , You knew he was never gonna comply . Ted has always been a gun collector . He hasn 't always been wound so tight . Until the dome came down . His wife was driving their kid to camp . Smashed right into it ; both of them died . Been worried about him ever since . The man 's clearly troubled , barbie . Whatever happened to " we 're not coming into your homes , This is a voluntary program " ? ( sighs ) : Yeah . Ted 's gone cuckoo . It might be necessary . Hey , jim ... If he 's so cuckoo , you 're gonna need some backup . Come on , truman , where is it ? Where 's the mini-dome ? He 's too busy showing us the best places to pee . What if it didn 't move , And it just disappeared ? Maybe we hallucinated it . Things don 't just disappear into thin air . Norrie : Really ? Just like things don 't just appear out of thin air And swallow towns whole . There is a rational explanation for this . Okay ? For all of this . There has to be ; we just have to find it . ( truman growls ) ( barking , panting ) Good boy , truman . That 's it , that 's it . ( birds chirping ) ( joe grunts ) ( truman barking ) Great . Birds . Come on . Let 's keep going . ( sighs ) About time the cops decided To see what 's going on with this place . I saw you drive up from my porch over there . I seen a lot of suspicious things from that porch . Like ? Boomer 's truck blow up the other day . Oh , but that was an accident . He was smoking . Lot of other trucks coming and going , too , The past couple of months . People here day and night . And why 's our town stockpiling all this propane In the first place ? Seems awfully convenient once that dome came down . Why didn 't you come and tell me ? I told our former sheriff , God rest his soul . Duke knew about this ? Maybe it just slipped his mind . Or he didn 't want you to know . When I called him , he just about hung up on me . Never heard the man sound so nervous . Go talk to julia shumway . She 'll tell you I said something here was fishy . ( sighs ) ( gunshot ) You didn 't have to come . I 'm going in to talk to ted utley . Make your way around the side , see if you can Find a window and get a bead on him . But do not fire Unless things go sideways . ( gunshot ) ( grunts ) That sideways enough for you ? Don 't worry , angie , I promised you And my dad I 'd never hold you against your will again . But where are you taking me ? Right over here . Your mom 's studio ? Seems like yesterday she was in here . Not nine years ago . She loved making art . I remember . I took her pottery class in junior high . But what does any of this have to do with my seizure ? A couple months before she died , she had this dream about me , And she ... Woke up , she came out here And she just started painting this as fast as she could . ( panting quietly ) Now , in her dream , I was on this hill Looking up at these . Pink stars . Ted ? It is jim rennie . I 'm coming in , So you 're gonna put that gun down . Got that ? Ted : Yeah . Big jim : I 'm guessing that shot at my car ... Was a misfire 'cause I know you , ted . You 're no killer . Expecting that gun to be down . Good . Now I 'm gonna put my gun away And you and I are gonna talk . ( exhales ) What 's going on , ted ? I can 't do it , jim . Turn in your firearms , you mean ? That dome 's already taken Enough from me . I know . Janice and scott . I 'm not giving up one more thing . ( exhales ) Ted , listen to me . I know how you 're feeling . Okay ? I lost Pauline out of the blue , nine years ago . There 's not a day that goes by where she isn 't on my mind . It 'll get better , I promise you . I 'm sorry , jim . But there 's nothing here for me anymore . ( shouts ) No ! ( pants ) See if they can sedate him for the night . Let 's go back there and pack up those firearms , Get ' em ready to go . Will do . Listen , barbie , I could practically feel That red dot on the back of my head so ... Glad you kept your cool and didn 't accidentally ice me . ( door scraping over glass shards ) Duke ? ( beep ) What the hell were you up to ? But I don 't understand why your mom would paint these . I don 't know either . Maybe way back then , she knew the dome was coming . Or ... The stars are something That will happen now that the dome is here . You think she could see the future ? If she did , then you can , too , because you started talking About the pink stars during your seizure . I-I was just babbling . And you saying it was a coincidence ? I don 't know what to think . Yes , you do . You know I 've been right about this all along . I 'm not crazy . And my mom wasn 't either . She knew something was coming . And ... I must be part of it because I 'm in this painting . And now obviously you 're part of it , too . Don 't you see how great that is ? Great ? How is any of this great ? It 's great because we 're in this together . I always loved you , angie . And now we 're connected through something even bigger And better than that . So ... Now what ? And tell her everything was on the up-and-up after all . ( door opens , shuts ) max : Good job with the guns . Now , that is what I call a success . Uh , you didn 't have to come by here . And miss the chance to congratulate you in person ? Since when did you turn down a pat on the back ? This is , uh , dale barbara . He ... Oh , barbie and I know each other . Norrie : That was a whole day wasted . Maybe we 'll come up with a way to find the mini-dome tomorrow . Hey , truman . Where 's your bowl ? Let 's get you fed . I 'm gonna go check on carolyn . All right . ( barking ) Norrie : ( sighs ) what is it this time ? A squirrel ? Probably a barn rat . ( truman barking ) ( truman growling , snarling ) ♪ You 're not gonna say anything to me , barbie ? " long time no see " ? " hey , you look great " ? Hello , max . Anything to say to me ? After claiming all this time To be just a guy passing through , Never been to chester 's mill or anywhere around here ? Oh , kind of how you claimed that Collecting all these was your idea ? Because she Put you up to it . No , I did what 's best for this town . Oh , yeah . Lying through your teeth every step of the way . Girls , girls , girls , you 're both pretty . Which is why I 'm cutting you in on our plan for chester 's mill . Step one : Disarm the opposition . Hard times mean desperate people . Especially in this pressure cooker . And ... Everything that big jim said , that was true . We only want people to be safe and ... Happy . Let me guess , next , you 're gonna give ' em a little Black market to occupy their time , am I right ? Huh ? Some booze ? Drugs ? A little gambling ? See ? You have nothing to worry about . Who the hell said that I 'm gonna help you ? Who says you have a choice ? You have quite a few secrets buried in your past , barbie . I would hate for those secrets To get dug up for everyone to see . Big jim : Oh , please , please , dig ' em up . Careful what you wish for , jimmy , Because while I 'm digging , I might accidentally reveal A few of the pies you 've got your fingers stuck in around town . You both have been working for me , Even if you didn 't know about each other , And now is not the time to grow a conscience Unless you want to face a jail cell . Or a lynch mob or ... Whatever it is That passes for justice around here these days . You 're not bulletproof , max . Which is why I have an insurance policy in place . Anything bad happens to me , your secrets still come out . All right . Like I said , great job today . Jimmy , Make sure these get loaded up and delivered to the cement factory . Truck 's waiting out back . Give her a kiss good-bye for me , will you ? Look at us . Back in business . And to think , it all started ... ( sighs ) With you buying me that drink , Oh , so many months ago . No , you bought me the drink . And then two days later , we came up for air . Look , whatever you and jim are up to here , You are making a huge mistake . And you 're right there with us . No , I don 't think so . So ... You don 't care if Julia shumway hears you murdered her husband ? E-excuse me ? Oh , please . You called me from your car afterwards . You were frantic because he fought back . And then I start hearing rumors That dr . Shumway has vanished . The pillow talk between you and julia Is gonna be done when she finds out you 're the reason why . What ? Oh . ( laughs ) You 're surprised that I know you 're screwing the widow , too ? For the past eight days , I 've been watching you , And big jim , and everyone in this hellhole . So keep that in mind before you even think About opening your big mouth . I can 't believe it 's here . Yeah , and still ... Doing whatever the hell it does . ( panting quietly ) That 's what you found in the woods , isn 't it ? What you started to mention earlier ? Yeah . Two days ago . And you 're not freaking out about it ? Believe me , I want to . But I can 't deny that I 'm a part of this now . ( laughs ) And besides ... It 's kind of cool . Norrie : It was in the woods . How did it get here ? Joe brought it . What are you talking about ? Did you lie to me ? No , I did not bring that thing here . Joe , you don 't remember last night ? What 's there to remember ? I was in the kitchen at , like , 3 : 00 Getting something to drink , and then you ... Came down the stairs and half scared me to death . I asked you what you were doing , and you said that you were Going out on a walk all ... Zombie-like . And then you just walked out . And you didn 't stop me ? I mean , didn 't you think that that was weird ? Of course ! But what isn 't these days ? Can 't argue that . Okay . So I ... Guess I was sleep-walking . But why did I bring this thing here ? Julia : But we couldn 't find the mini-dome anywhere . I told them there has to be a logical explanation For why it disappeared . I mean , this whole time I have been holding on To the belief that there is some ... Explanation for why this is happening . After today , I don 't know . Maybe we 'll never understand . ( chuckles ) : Maybe it 's better to just say screw it , And stop looking for answers we 're never gonna get . Be grateful for what we do have . Right , yeah . You want to tell me about your day ? Nah , it can wait till morning . Is that right ? Mm-hmm . Well , do you want to take me to bed ? ( laughs ) Actually , I 'm gonna stay up for a while . Yeah ? Yeah . Is everything okay ? Yeah , it 's fine . Fine . ♪ ( footsteps in distance ) ( clacking , rustling nearby ) ♪ Well , maybe you brought it here 'cause no one else is allowed to see it . You think ? I don 't know . But that time you shushed the camera , we thought the dome Was telling us not to talk about our seizures . Okay , so maybe only people who 've had them Are supposed to interact with it . Which means we probably shouldn 't tell julia That we found this again . Okay , but ... Even if it 's only for us to know about , What do we do with it ? ( panting ) ( electronic crackling ) ( electronic crackling ) ( electronic crackling ) Did it do this before ? No . It 's almost like ... These are locks ... And our hands are the keys . I think we need a fourth hand . I guess we need to find them . Captioning sponsored by cbs Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
