 Hey , look here , mama . We got Rolex , $ 1 . Hey , man , look here . I got the best Rolexes . You ain 't gonna find a Rolex cheaper than mine . [ Latin hip-hop music ] $ 1 Rolex , $ 1 . ♪ 30 ¢ Rol ... ♪ Miralo ... [ chuckles ] That 's him . Are you sure ? You expect I could ever forget that man 's face ? First he shot Daquan Carter through his head , and then when my grandbaby looked up and spotted him on the roof , he shot Michael , too . Only 14 years old , coming home from school . And that man shot him down like target practice . We have positive I.D. on Soriano . ♪ My man , my man , my man , look here . Let me holler at you for a second . Look , hey . Hey , brother . Let me holler at you . - Let me holler at you . - Yo , man , get away . Beat it ! No , no . Hey , look , look , look . That 's genuine faux Rolex , there . That 's a cut above fake . Look here . Come on , now . Let me see . Let me check ' em out . Let me see what you got . I 'ma let you peep the goods , I 'ma not let you see the whole Bronx Zoo now . Come on over here . - Let 's see what you got , man . - See that gold inlay right there ? - Let 's see , what 's this ? - Oh , this ? ♪ Hey , help a girl out with directions , honey ? I get so lost up here . Where you going , rubia ? We got everything we need right here , baby . Ain 't that the truth . Turn off the car . You know what to do . ♪ We sitting at a chicken shack , but I smell pork . [ laughs ] What 's that there , your hit man phone ? Drug kingpins call in and tell you which bodies they want dropped ? This one ... ? Just bitches and hoes . Look out , yo . Thank you . Keep that change , yo . Put your hands behind your head and get up from the table . But I 'm still hungry . I 'll buy you a candy bar on your way to Central Booking , how about that ? What do you make it , 20 feet from here to that Twin Turbo V-12 ? Go 0 to 60 in what , 4.5 ? Leave a porky pig like me way behind . If you get there , that 's a prisoner attempting to escape . You might just catch a bullet ... Like Michael Wade . [ echoing gunshot ] Where you keep a piece ? You 're not strapped . - You just fronting . - Try me . [ chuckles ] Hey ! Police . Don 't move . You moved . Hey , yo , primo , call my lawyer . Carlos Soriano , you 're under arrest for the murders of Michael Wade and Daquan Carter . Thank you again , Miss Lillian . We 'll be in touch . Yeah , I heard that from police before . She 's got a lot of guts . Yeah , she still doesn 't believe she 'll get justice for Michael . We just slapped bracelets on Soriano . He 's wriggled out of more handcuffs than Houdini . [ phone ringing ] A dozen bodies ' worth . Yeah , Cap , what 's up ? Yes , sir , copy that . - What 's Ed want ? - You 're right . Soriano 's lawyer already called the house . [ elevator dings ] Absolutely no statements until my client and I have a chance to confer . We got to process him first . Make sure he doesn 't have a razor up his sleeve , or drugs up his nose , or a piece up his butt . It could take a while . Come on . This way , hot shot . - Good collar , Sarge . - Thanks , Chief . Bob , let 's talk in my office . Since when does the chief of detectives give a damn about a double in the Bronx ? Do you recall that NYU student that was shot and killed on 24th Street last month ? Yeah , was that , um , Mei-Ling Yeung ? Chinese national , honor student . No apparent motive , no witnesses . - All over the media every day since . - Yeah , yeah . Well , Soriano 's lawyer says he can give us the shooter . In exchange for what ? - My good ... my good collar ? - Decision 's with the D.A. , but yeah . - We 're exploring our options . - Boy , how hard did you even press him ? Was Soriano at the scene , or is this just some rumor he 's using to jam up a rival ? You know , when I got up this morning , I knew today was gonna be different . You know , just shaving , coffee with the wife , riving in on the Grand Central . There was just ... There was something in the air . Now I know , today 's the day when a sergeant told me how to do my job . - Just two more uptown murders , right ? - No one said that . Lowlifes from the badlands . No press , nobody but the families mourning the victims , no hack politicians expressing outrage . It 's just ... it 's like it never happened at all . When the job gets a debate team , I 'll let you know . Hey , sergeant ! Some of us thought that after you got your settlement , and your hand-picked team , and your tree house , that maybe those edges on that boulder you lug around on your shoulder might round off . Not when you let Soriano deal the cards . He 'd sell his own mother to cannibals to save his hide . Well , we 're gonna hear what he has to say , See if it checks out . [ door closes ] That 's the last time you smile at me . Count on it . [ hip-hop music ] Season 1 , Episode 04 " Uptown Murders " Hey , Chief ! Hold on a minute . You got a needle you forgot to jab me with there , sarge ? Tayshaun Ramsey . You were just a gold shield working Brooklyn South . I did six murders a day back then . I drew my own line in the sand . And how many bosses told you to stop ? Wrote you up , cut off your O.T. , tried to transfer you out , but you made that case despite them . We don 't have that kind of time on this one . Give me 72 hours To clear Mei-Ling and take Soriano down . I 'll give you 24 . - I 'll take it . - Hey , sergeant ! I already told your captain To get an A.D.A. down here . While they deal , you can hunt , but this case closes tomorrow . All right . This is the only video we have of the Mei-Ling shooting . Picasso here had his buddy recording his exploits for posterity . [ gunshots , shouting ] [ tires screeching ] - Says " drive-by " to me . - College girl drive-by ? - Who was in the car with Mei-Ling ? - Her roommate , Charlotte Bowman . - Night watch interview her ? - Yep , night watch , Manhattan South Homicide , and Danny Azores , from the 10th . Story never changed . They went to a club in Chelsea ... - Which club ? - Swami , on 10th and 23rd . - Anything happen there ? - Beefs with anybody ? Not according to Charlotte . They danced , met some boys from Columbia who invited them to a party at Morningside Heights . They were heading west on 24th Street when , quote , " some maniac started shooting at them . " A maniac she can 't I.D. It was night time , dark out . Only took a second . And by the time she realized what had happened , her friend was dead . All we have to do is solve a murder that 26 detectives have struck out on . In 24 hours or less , and the uptown murders stick to Soriano . Let 's get it . Detective ... Robert Ironside , anti-crime . - That 's my uncle , Kenneth . - Close to your uncle , Bobby ? He was around more than my dad . He taught me how to play ball , talk to girls , steal cars . - Is that so ? - But I fell in with the wrong crowd ... Cops and such . Like a moment alone with him ? You want to know where to start , who to look at ... Or how to hit the curve . Last couple of years , uncle Kenneth was on this corner , getting his buzz on . Sketchy company and whatnot , you know what I mean ? Somebody you like for this ? A wino named Fishbone , always messing with a flick-knife . You see Fishbone , you let me know . The Yeungs were due to arrive at JFK tonight , after a long journey from their small town in southwestern China . What am I supposed to tell her parents ? " Oh , hey , I 'm your daughter 's roommate , and it 's my fault that she got shot " ? - Not unless you shot her . - You really don 't understand . Mei-Ling never went out until I made her . Nothing else happened at Swami ? No fights , no incidents , no drugs ? No . Nothing like that . - Did Mei-Ling have any boyfriends ? - No . [ scoffs ] No . She was pre-med and really serious about it , and I felt bad because we lived in New York for over a year and she 'd never done the nightlife thing . So you pushed ? I was pretty positive that she was gonna say , " no . " This time , she said , " yes . " She was really happy on the way there . [ crying ] Like , laughing and , like , singing along to the radio . Charlotte . Charlotte ! Now , I know you 've told this same story over and over again , but the only part of your story that didn 't sound rehearsed to me Was right then , when you cried . - What are you saying ? - I just said it . I don 't think you 're being as helpful as you could be . Okay , well , detective Azores said that I didn 't really have to talk to anybody else . All right , that moment where she broke down ? - Right before she got to the shooting ? - Yep , that was it . - That 's what she 's holding back . - So why are we letting her go ? She 's been sitting with the lie for a week . Now that she knows we know , gonna take a little while to push her over the edge . We go back at her too soon and ... She might just shut down all over again . All right . So you came home from the market and found it this way ? Fools think they gonna scare me off . We should move you to a motel , for your own safety . Turn tail and run ? Uh-uh . If you insist on staying , I can notify the precinct . They can set a fixed post out front of your apartment . Wait , I get a say-so on a police at my door ? - Of course you do . - Well , then I say " no . " Police sit out here around the clock , and then what ? Day he leaves , they burn me to the ground . Miss Lillian , if you stay here , we can 't guarantee your safety . [ scoffs ] " Guarantee " ... ? - You must be new to the Bronx . - No , ma 'am . I was born three subway stops from here , Morris Park . Oh , and then your block commence to turn , and your folks snatched you up and ran out to Long Island , correct ? Rockland County . Same place where you bring up your own young ones now . Yeah , you 're right . I don 't live here . I don 't own all the troubles you do . But I do come down every day and try and do something about it . I supposed I would have done just like you , if I could . Get Michael out . Fresh air , tall trees ... Ain 't nothing left to protect , now . Just some old bones and cheap furniture . No , baby . I ain 't going nowhere . Where 's the ballistics report on Mei-Ling ? 7.62 caliber copper-washed , steel-jacketed rounds . That 's high-powered military ammo . And check out that head stamp , 278 . It 's from the factory in Afghanistan . What 's it doing here ? Have ballistics cross-reference that ammo with any other 7.62 caliber rounds , - ... including Soriano 's double . - What , you think there 's a connection ? Soriano can 't deal without a hold card . It might be the murder gun . We don 't have IBIS on the double yet . Ballistics says sometime next week . - It 's all hands on deck ... - That downtown press case ? - Yes . - You got to be kidding me . - Holly , call ballistics , now . Tell them it 's the chief of detectives . Uh ... Chief Callahan calling . Hold , please . This is chief Callahan . Who am I speaking with ? Sergeant Kramer , where in the hell is the ballistics report on voucher number 22673 ? It isn 't red-flagged ? Have it on my desk by 1600 . Cross-reference with the Mei-Ling Yeung homicide , and any other 7.62 caliber rounds in your index , is that clear ? All right , and Kramer , copy that pain in my ass , sergeant Ironside , in selected crimes . Very good . - How 's your Eddie Murphy ? - Hey , guys . - Bob , you got a sec ? - Gary . No , no , no . Come on in . Termites . Exterminator 's got to bomb the place , so Penny decided to head up to Syracuse , see her mom , which , frankly , 48 hours of my mother-in-law , I 'd rather be fumigated . In other words , she threw your ass out again . She did request I " Diddy Mao " the premises , with extreme prejudice . I don 't even want to know why , but ... Why don 't you lend us a hand here for a couple hours first . - Doing what ? - Could you , uh , put together a working profile on the Mei-Ling shooter ? - Me ? - Yeah , you . Since anti-crime , you always had a way of getting inside the heads of the ... the angry ones . Eh , I didn 't have far to go . That looks like rage to me , not premeditation . Break it down for me . I don 't know if this is a healthy place for me to go right now . G. G , I need you . Come on , I 'm fighting for my murders here . I need you . [ sighs ] Yeah , yeah , okay . Listen , you can set up in the other room , near Ed 's office . [ hip-hop music ] ♪ Why choose ? I 'ma treat both y 'all right . [ laughs ] I mean , why not get lucky twice ? - Hey , papi . - What 's up , bro ? They call you " Platano , " right ? How come ? Is that ' cause you like bananas or something ? - No , but they do . - Oh , that 's good . Showing off for the ladies , huh ? Soriano 's number two . Did he brag to you about how he terrorized an old woman ? [ scoffs ] I mean , that 's some real badass stuff right there . Let me ask you a question . Soriano get a message to you ? Trash Miss Lillian 's place ? Think that vieja stay a mystery behind that tinted glass ? Or are you dumb enough to threaten her on your own ? Hey , why you bring that to me ? I didn 't lose no bullet , officer Krupke ... [ grunting ] Guess what . Your skin 's no thicker than hers . Leave her alone . Manny Alvaro Rivera , aka " Platano " . Soriano 's cousin from the same town in the D.R. What 's on his sheet ? Shoplifting , smoking weed in the park , one collar for boosting cars . Charges dismissed . No weapons violations . No violent crimes . What about this ? Pulled it out of Miss Lillian 's apartment . It 's got the same 278 head stamp as the others . Ballistics from the double . Copper-washed , steel-jacketed , 7.62 caliber rounds . The same as Mei-Ling . Yeah , different riflings . Different weapons . The bullets all came from the same place . Maybe the guns did , too . And how does Soriano know who shot Mei-Ling ? We find the gun dealer , we answer both questions . Hey , Ed . This is the connection between uptown and downtown we 've been looking for . You 've been looking for . Soriano 's grandstand play is gonna boomerang . We 're already closer on Mei-Ling than a week 's worth of detectives typing up fives . I wouldn 't run that past the chief , or take his name in vain again . - He wasn 't too pleased with that . - I got the report . - I need more time . - Mm-mm . No chance . For the chief ... [ knock at door ] all roads lead to NYU . And what about you ? - I 'm not the enemy here , Bobby . - I don 't know . That A.D.A. who 's supposed to cut a deal with Soriano ? I sent him on the scenic route , all the way up to the 4-5 . With a decent amount of traffic , that should kill half a day , But when your time is up , if you can 't close that downtown murder , we lose ' em all . Thank you . - This ... this is harassment . - Detective . This is Bernard Harris , aka " Fishbone , " and this is that Arkansas toothpick I took off him . You don 't expect me to walk naked in the streets now , do you ? Gold star , kid . Write him up for the knife . I 'll go at him hard . - Thanks . - No , no . I should thank you for doin ' my work for me . My uncle , he wasn 't perfect . He had his fair share of faults and more , but he meant a lot to me . None of us is ever just one thing , are we , kid ? My uncle Kenneth said there were three things a man could always find if he looked hard enough . A woman , a bottle , or a bullet . Michael , Daquan , Mei-Ling . All of them found bullets from 10,000 miles away . So , these bullets all trace back to a batch that was manufactured exclusively for Afghan security forces . How are they getting here ? Is it some inside smuggling operation ? I don 't know . A.T.F. has nothing . College friend of mine did a couple of tours in the ' Stan . - " In the ' Stan " ? - Yeah , Afghanistan . - C.I.A. - Yeah , I got that . Like , a Yalie , boola-boola , skull and bones type friend ? Well , I could tell you , but then I 'd have to kill you . - Oh . - Careful who you kill off . If she 's gone ? You might just wind up riding with me . Wild goose chase ? Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . I don 't know that I can go along with that kind of inflammatory language here . Look , Dave , they told me he was being moved uptown . If they rescinded that order ... Come on , am I that guy ? Okay , well , where are you now , just walking out of the house ? Whenever . Soriano will still be here . [ grunts ] [ sighs ] Ah . [ sighs ] [ gunshots ] Hey , what are you up to in here ? You 're still on modified . - Ah , Bobby asked for a favor . - How 's that going ? [ sighs ] Down some bumpy roads . Did you tell him that ? When 's the last time you said " no " to him ? I said " no " , or he listened ? Look , maybe it 's too tough . You 're not ready yet . [ sighs ] It 's the easiest thing in the world . [ siren wails ] [ tires screeching ] Let 's play , already . How in the hell did you make the bricks ? Huh ? Huh ? [ grunts ] [ bottle shatters ] The cops cut me loose , boss , like I said . - Say it again . - The cops cut me loose . Get up . [ coughs ] - Hey , where 's detective Bludso ? - I don 't know . - Who cut this mope loose ? - All right , calm down . Get him on the phone . Tell him Bobby Ironside wants to talk to him . [ phone ringing ] Come on . Come on . [ phone ringing ] [ sighs ] Yeah ? What ? I 'm on my way . [ urgent chatter ] Hang in there , Miss Lillian . Yes , I did , of course I did ! I had patrol cars checking on her . I-I had sector cars passing by . 10 : 00 , the neighbor heard her go out , apparently for cat food . There was two cans found at the scene . She got shot coming out of the bodega . - There was no witnesses . - She was our witness ! EMTS said she took a round through the midsection . She 's lost a ton of blood . - I 'm gonna go pick up Platano . - For what , suspicion of mopery ? - How do you tie him to the shooting ? - I don 't know . We ... we go at him . - We get something ! - You already did that . We repaired her aorta , but she suffered cardiac arrest during surgery . - How long did her heart stop ? - About four minutes . - We were able to revive her . - Is she likely ? She 's 66 years old , in critical condition . I mean , she 'll be on a monitor in I.C.U. on ventilator . - Beyond that ... - Yeah . - Thanks , doc . - Yeah . I didn 't go there to push him . I was just trying to scare him . There is a difference between a strong hand and a heavy hand . Miss Lillian wasn 't budging , So I figured I 'd go at the punk a little bit harder . - Jack him up a little bit ... - In front of his own people ? If this job was all about brute force , how in the hell could I be better at it in this damn chair ? - She 's not gonna make it , is she ? - She 's not gone yet ! Now , you stop pissing and moaning , get your head out of your ass , and you sit here and you be her guard dog . And when I say nobody gets to see her , I mean nobody . You understand me ? - Yeah . - What ? Yes , sergeant . Dave ! Where the hell are you ? Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Slow down . When you shriek like that , it kind of turns to white noise . Towed from right in front of the precinct ? Wow , that is bad luck , yeah . Uh , what kind of car is it ? [ angry shouting over phone ] Okay , okay . No need to shout , Dave . Grab a cab , it 's on me . Bring me a receipt . Is it hard to get a cab in the south Bronx after dark ? Still ? Dave , you still there ? Rita , do me a favor . Have the tow yard release assistant district attorney 's Prius , please . Thank you . I can handle riding with him . He was joking , right ? His eyes didn 't crinkle up at the corners when he said it like they do when he 's laughin ' . When did you see him laughing ? Don 't know . Must have been when I was riding with him . - But actual laughter ? - Does that surprise you ? No , I hear you laughing in my dreams . Not those kind of dreams . My nightmares . What do you got ? A Mei-Ling update ? New area surveillance video with some electronic enhancement from the guys at T.A.R.U. Now , our best timeline says that one of those men is our shooter . - The driver looks kind of , maybe , Middle Eastern . Yeah ... This other guy ? Not so much . Let 's go . [ siren wails ] What is wrong with you ? Her parents are on their way over here right now to pick up all of her stuff . I told them that I was gonna get it ready , and it 's not ready yet . I already told you everything that I know . - Time 's up . - Come on , look at the picture . This is how you honor your friend 's memory , not on Facebook . Do you see anyone here that you saw at the club ? Can you point him out to us ? I lied . Can you point him out to us ? Yeah . It 's worse than that , isn 't it ? You recognized him in the car that night , didn 't you ? And you were too scared to tell us the truth . [ crying ] I 'm sorry . What happened ? He came up to me when I was in line for the bathroom . It was too loud to hear me talking to him over the music , So he took my photo and I put my number in his phone . He knows what I look like . He can find me at any time . - Was he the shooter ? - I think so . I saw him laughing . I don 't understand how anyone could do that . I don 't understand why . I don 't want to find out ... [ cries ] - So I lied . - Okay . What can you tell us about the other guy in the car ? I don 't know . - Are you sure ? - I really don 't know . Okay . Hey ... [ phone rings ] Cardiac I.C.U. , line four . Cardiac I.C.U. , line four . Excuse me . Do patients get take-out ? Intensive care patients ? No way . Thank you . Hey , bro . Where you going with that ? Police ! Don 't move ! Hey ! [ screams ] He 's got a gun ! [ screams ] [ shouting , screaming ] Stay there ! Get down ! Get back ! [ grunting , fighting ] [ grunts ] Unh ! [ grunting ] Come here , come here . Come here . Come here ! All right , all right . Virg , Virg , that 's enough . That 's enough . That 's enough . Give me your hands ! Let 's talk about a downtown murder . Dave ! It 's about time , I was beginning to worry it ' about you . 63 bucks . Up yours . What 's that all about ? Good-natured ribbing between colleagues . What , he 's here now to cut a deal with Soriano ? Less than eight hours until the chief 's deadline . [ keyboard clicking ] [ sniffs ] [ printer humming ] You didn 't inherit your primo 's natural talent , did you ? Two cracks at an old lady and you look worse than her . - I 'll have your badge for this . - Take a number , lightweight . Why come back to finish off miss Lillian yourself ? - Why take that risk ? - Abogado . 'Cause he was ashamed of himself . Isn 't that right , Manny ? He was embarrassed because he couldn 't kill an old lady in the street . - He 's no Soriano . - Nah , it 's too bad , too , because his hit man career was off to such a promising start . We have you at the scene . Mei-ling Yeung . All you need to tell us , who was your pal and who pulled the trigger ? - A-bo-ga-do . - Hey ... You hit on a girl at a nightclub and then you slaughter her roommate an hour later , why ? [ ala Law Order ] Doot-doot . " In the criminal justice system ... " All you can do is call my man , Korman . You made your share of mistakes , Manny , but the one that 's really gonna bite you on the culo is that you think your cuz , Soriano , gives a damn about you . Your O.G. , your mentor , your blood . See , he didn 't need you to take out our witness . His whole deal is based on selling ' you out . When he gives you up for Mei-Ling , the Michael Wade and Daquan Carter murders are swept under the rug . Wake up , homey . You think he 's gonna come visit you upstate ? You trying to play me , right ? [ speaking Spanish ] Hey . Hey ! I want to know , why was fishbone kicked loose ? - Kid , relax . - Don 't tell me to relax ! I busted my ass to get that collar , and you just gonna let him walk ? Now , come on , come on , come on . Son , before you make a mistake ... Listen , we talked to him . He didn 't confess . He ain 't gonna confess . What ... What about the knife ? - No prints . - Did you run it for DNA ? For a misdemeanor homicide ? What ? [ sighs ] Your uncle was a mope , same as Fishbone . It was a public service killing and not worth another hour of my time . [ sighs ] I hope I turn in my shield before I become so damn useless . Hey , kid . [ grunts ] Fishbone 's day will come . Bleeding out on another corner , stuffed in a dumpster , or stinking up some elevator shaft , and we won 't have to lift a finger . [ sighs ] The chicken joint is owned by Omar Najibullah . Emigrated from Afghanistan sometime in the late ' 90s . opened the chicken shack in 2004 . He sponsors a little league team , the free birds . He 's got bank accounts here , in Grand Cayman Island , and in Cyprus . That 's a lot of drumsticks , right ? He also has an older brother , Mohammed , who 's a staff sergeant in the Afghan national security forces . He 's stationed at a base outside of Kabul , right next to the local munitions factory , head stamp 278 . Platano 's gun and the rounds we got from the uptown and the downtown murders all show high traces of polyunsaturated trans fat . And that stuff will kill you . They 've been using cooking oil from the chicken shack instead of gun oil to lubricate their guns . There 's no C.L.P. black market , and they can 't buy ten gallons without attracting attention . Then we bring in A.T.F. They have the expertise we need ... To do what ? A classic long-term federal investigation with C.I.S and wiretaps ? Come on . By then , Soriano will be living in a McMansion back in the Dominican Republic , where we can 't touch him . - I 've got less than five hours . - And not even enough P.C. for a warrant . But , hey , we got this . This guy , that 's Omar , in the car with Platano . He 's gonna tell me what happened . You have no idea what you 're walking into . You 've got automatic weapons , military ammo . Omar gets barricaded in , you 've got yourself a bloodbath . - Then we call E.S.U. - No , not without a search warrant . Copy that , boss . - Standing down . - Hey , where are we going ? - Out to breakfast . - I 'm hungry , too . - Any place you have in mind ? - Yeah , I know a place uptown . Okay , in that case , get me a fried egg sandwich on a Keiser and a coffee , black , and a foot post in Rosedale if this goes straight in the toilet . 2025 , 2026 , 2027 . [ knocking ] Your math skills have come a long way . I swear to God , if Omar doesn 't show up soon , I 'm gonna cap Teddy . Surprised that Virgil knows how to count . Okay , go ! [ tires screeching ] [ tires screeching ] - Police ! Don 't move ! - Police ! - I have gun in here . - Who are you ? - Police ! - Drop that weapon ! Real police ? And if you aren 't , I kill you all ! Put that weapon on the ground ! I 'm gonna count to three and then I 'm gonna light you up ! - I have a gun here ! - I kill you all ! - One ! Two ! - Put that weapon on the ground ! Show me your hands ! Slide the weapon to me . Show me your hands . - Come on out . Come on out ! - Put your hands on your head . Face the wall ! Okay , okay , okay . Ow . [ handcuffs click ] All clear . What are you doing , huh ? Oh , what do we got here , Omar ? Hope we don 't find guns in there . Bird in the hand . Chicken man , down . Honest mistake , boss . Can we do business ? Mei-Ling Yeung . Who ? The girl you and Platano murdered on 24th Street . I don 't shoot nobody . I 'm the chicken man . You knowingly sold illegal guns to killers , loaded with ammo stolen from federal stores in Afghanistan . Now , I can charge you as a combatant in the war on terror . You can forget about life in Supermax . I could put you on a one-way plane trip to Guantanamo ... Unless you give me what I want . Hey , Gary left this for you . Said you would know what to do with it . Ah ... - That 's it ? - Got all I need . - I hope so . Dave just shook hands with Korman . He 's on the fifth floor of one Hogan place right now getting the D.A. to rubberstamp Soriano 's deal . - You have maybe an hour to blow it up . - Got it . Hey , my man , Omar . [ laughs ] You like girls , Omar ? They like you ? [ laughs ] I 'm grown man , not pretty boy . Yeah . It 's got to bother you sometimes when you know all the action that Platano gets with the real girls , flesh and blood , while you settle for pin-ups . I have family . Too old for texting bitches . But not too old for strip clubs . We found all these in your wallet . We got , uh , flashdancers , cougar club , pink kitty . You 're not too proud to pay for it , But then there you are , in the club , rollin ' with your boys . You got Soriano and Platano . Got the bottle service flowing . They got all the honeys crawlin' all over them , but poor Omar . I guess chicken fat ain 't no aphrodisiac . So , you look around and you find the one girl who doesn 't attract a crowd . Less competition , so you make your move . Turns out , she 's the shyest girl in New York . Your dumb luck . She shot you down . That 's just an expression though , right ? Until you see Platano get her girlfriend 's number . Now , for him , it was so easy . Do you try to hang this on me ? I told you . I 'm no shooter . Come on , Omar . You want to deal ? Let 's deal , baby . You saw them leave the club and you followed them . You 're packing heat . What could be easier than a little payback ? - No . - No ? It was Platano 's idea . All his idea , not mine . His gun , not mine . He wants to be a killer like his cousin . He ... he tells me to pull up . He wants to pop his cherry . That boy 's crazy ! Don 't leave anything out . Now , of course , I can 't ask you any questions without counsel present . Chicken man fronting . He begged me to take her out . He got mad guns , and gave me the iron for free . I was just gonna scare them . Look , I wa ... I was ... I was just gonna scare them , but I ... But I didn 't ... I ain 't never blast on full auto before , you feel me ? Excuse me . I got a call to make . And a deal to kill ? [ laughs nervously ] ♪ I 've seen better days Don 't come around here cheating ! ♪ Drippin ' down your face [ shouting ] ♪ Let 's dance ♪ For all the times ♪ You felt alone ♪ Dreaming better ♪ I see better [ groans ] ♪ Too dumb to say good-bye ♪ Now that 's some cliché [ chuckles ] ♪ Just know that every time Guess I finally made it to Rockland County . Welcome back , Miss Lillian . ♪ Yeah , I see better ♪ Better days ♪ Try to remember - What 's up ? - Hey . Thanks for cracking ' Platano , partner . - You showed me how to go at him . - [ laughs ] Spare me . We both know you need my help like you need hemorrhoids . What ? - Ease me back in . - Throw me a few bones . Get me thinking I 'm good to go in the street again . - I know what you 're doing . - If that was my game ... And I 'm not saying it was ... If it was ... Why not ? Why do you think I 'm sleeping on your couch ? 'Cause I 'm a functioning husband ? You know , you bring me water instead of a beer 'cause you know one drink could throw me off , But you bring me those files ... ? You gonna compare going back to work with falling off the wagon ? You don 't get it ! I don 't want to pick up another file because I don 't want to pick up a gun because I don 't want to pick up a drink . And I don 't want to see you turn into a giant jellyfish the rest of your life . Maybe you need to go on Craigslist and go find yourself a nice security guard job , or go on down to Coney Island and sell hotdogs . What do you want , Gary ? I just want a place to sleep . Is that still okay ? [ sighs ] Sure . Of course , it 's ... Of course , man . Thank you . [ TV clicks on ] ♪
