 Okay , this is far enough . Put me down . I said put me down . Shouldn 't be long now . Hold onto that for me ? Who 's this ? Katie . My wife . Why didn 't you tell me ? Sometimes you ... you miss something too much . You wouldn 't understand , kid . You have a lousy taste in women . but you 're all right , Are you alive ? Do you think because you 're more enlightened than the rest of your species , we hate you any less ? There 's our young hero . At ease , son . How you feeling today ? - Ready to get out of here , sir . - That 's the spirit , In the meantime , wanted you to review your after-action report . Command made a few changes they need you to sign off on . Guess they felt you we 're little hard on yourself . It says our mission was a complete success . - That 's just a lie . - Was it ? You knew . You wanted her to upload that data . - When the cylons attacked , the fleet ... - Was long gone . We hit every toaster base in five sectors . inflicted some major damage . For a while anyway they 're gonna be on the defensive . And what about the Osiris ? What about all those people who died ? You mean all those people who gave theyre lives ? You disapprove ? You feel used ? There 's a bit more at stake here than your personal sense of integrity . The people supports this war with their money , and they 'll stop if we stop giving them hope . So let them have their heroes and their unblemish victories , while we fight the real war . Good . We 're assembling a joint task force . Our best pilots , marines and infantry units for special ops throughout the war theater . In case you want to volunteer , There 's a shiny new Viper with your name on it waiting for you in the hangar bay . Well , maybe not with your name on it just yet . I hear you still have to pick a call sign . You think about it . What ? No cocky comebacks ? You look like crap . You want to talk ? You 're going home ? I 've got about six weeks left in my tour , so guess I 'll stick around that long . long as I don 't have to fly with you . Dear dad , Got your last letter . You 're right about preconceptions being dangerous , and not just in court . This war is turning out to be different than I expected . But maybe my mistake was to have expectations . It 's something you have to live inside of to understand , and while a part of me already hates it , another part knows that I will make soldiering my life . But this is the life I 've chosen . This crew , it 's my family now too . So I 'll tell you something else ... When this war over , and some day it will be what I 'll remember most aren 't the battles but the men and women who fought them with me . And I will miss them .
