 [ indistinct talking ] [ speaking cantonese ] [ blows ] [ speaking cantonese ] How did you do that ? A magician never reveals his secrets . Then I 'll have to pierce your shell and gaze within ? You understood . Chan ho yin . Raina . I would love to see that fire trick again . I don 't think that 's a good idea . Of course not . It 's a great idea . [ keys jingling ] I am sorry for the clutter . I 'm in between places . [ door closes ] How long have you been here ? Six years . Beer ? [ bottles clinking ] You seem to have an appreciation for the greats . I idolized him for many years . And now ? There 's no real magic there , just tricks . And what you do - - those aren 't tricks ? Show me . I 'm sorry . [ chuckles ] I really shouldn 't . Says who ? What are you afraid of ? It 's not me who 's afraid . [ gasps ] That can 't be real . See for yourself . [ gasps ] How long have you been able to ... First time was a few years ago . A dish towel caught fire in my hands . I almost burned down my entire apartment . [ breathes sharply ] and it doesn 't hurt ? Not even a little . You have a gift . I 've never seen anything like it . Why not show the world ? I ask that same question every day . There are people who ... Never mind . It 's just ... For years , I did illusions , tricks , Like the rest . And then this happens . It 's real - - real magic . If I believed in such things , I would say it was a miracle , That this happened for a reason . I believe you 've been chosen . You do ? Close your eyes And I 'll show you . That 'll do . [ grunting ] [ engines roaring ] Ward : Every decision you make From here on out has consequences . So be warned ... The kiddie gloves are off . Skye : G7 . Hit . Yes ! Ha ! So , explain to me again What this has to do with my training . It 's important for every s.O. To evaluate their student 's thought process . Mm-hmm . And I like board games . B10 . Nope . This isn 't thinking . This is stabbing in the dark , But it 's nice to take a break from the workouts . Well ... You deserve a break . I got to give coulson credit . I would have never pegged an ex-rising tide hacker As a good fit , but ... You 're picking things up pretty fast . Did you just give me a compliment ? I - - no , I made a comment . A kind one . Did it physically hurt to do that ? Do you need an ice pack ? [ both laugh ] Wow . A compliment and a smile . Comment . I don 't want to ruin the moment , But I 'm gonna have to respond with ... G4 . Say it , ward . [ sighs ] Say it . You sank my battleship . [ laughs ] Yes ! All right , best 2 out of 3 . I beat you . Best 2 out of 3 . Best I just won out of nothing . She 's fitting in nicely . May : Gloating ? A little . You were up early this morning . Heard you puttering around even before I started tai chi . Having trouble sleeping ? No , I feel great . Just have a little extra energy to burn . If you want , I could lay out the mats downstairs . We could go a few rounds , like the old days ? [ chuckles ] [ alarm blaring ] Saved by the bell . Chan ho yin - - Just a struggling street performer until a few years ago , When mr . Chan began to exhibit moderate pyrokinetic abilities . So what gave him powers ? It 's still under investigation , But chan did live near the decommissioned Wan tai nuclear plant when it caught fire . To our knowledge , No other nearby residents have exhibited similar traits . So how did we find out about him ? Informant saw him lighting torches In a street show ... With his pinkie . Brought it to s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s attention . We told him to keep his abilities under wraps . He 's been on the index ever since . The index ? Simmons : It 's a list s.H.I.E.L.D. Keeps Of people and objects with powers . Wait . What ? How many are there ? Are you saying there are more people - - Not many . Well , enough to keep a list . A short list , meant to protect them . Though , in rare cases , S.H.I.E.L.D. Has had to take action . Action against objects or people ? Well , that 's drastic with a side of creepy . How are they monitored - - Tapped phones , satellite surveillance , Body probes in dark , unpleasant places ? Fitz : Body probes ? Now , that 's ridiculous . S.H.I.E.L.D. Doesn 't do that . We don 't do that . Do we ? The methods vary . Mr. Chan was low-risk . He was assigned a case agent Who checked in with him every few days . That 's how we discovered him missing . [ speaking cantonese ] [ speaking cantonese ] Everyone , this is agent kwan , chan ho yin 's case agent . What can you tell us ? Not much , I 'm afraid . Chan is a magician , so at first , I thought he 'd made himself disappeared . The file says you 'd caught him Violating his index agreement before . On two separate occasions - - Claimed we were " hampering his artistic expression . " But late last night , he was taken by professionals . The only thing they left behind Was this scrap of aluminized material . Fireproof clothing . So whoever took him knew about his power . Yes , and we think we know why . Over the last few days , Tech division discovered a crack into our data stream . It 's the same cyber punks who hacked us before . Somehow , they got in again . It 's the rising tide . Hello ? It got real quiet . You guys still there ? [ tapping ] The rising tide is a huge organization Of hacktivists from all around the world . Any of them could have done this . It wasn 't me . No one 's saying it was . But you 're thinking it . I can see your faces thinking it . Coulson : We 're assessing the situation . Then I 'm sure you 're taking into account That I have been living on a plane with you this whole time . It would be impossible for me to hack s.H.I.E.L.D. Or easier . We 're gonna need more than that . Fine . Let me trace the hack , and I 'll prove it . I believe her , sir . And if she 's telling the truth , We need to track down the person responsible . Dig up something , and fast . The longer mr . Chan 's missing , the more danger he 's in . Raina : Good morning , chan . [ grunts ] What the hell ? I apologize for last night . It was important I bring you in under the radar . Oh . S.H.I.E.L.D. Tell agent kwan I don 't need To be read the power protocols again . It was just a street performance - - It 's not like I set anyone on fire . I don 't work for s.H.I.E.L.D. I come as a friend . English isn 't my first language , But that word means something different than you think . I understand your frustration , but I believe you have a gift . And if you let me , I 'd like to help you nurture it . I can increase it . You 'll get people 's attention then . Increase my power ? Why ? What 's the catch ? I 'd like to run some tests . There it is . Now , will you let me go , or must I fight my way out ? Leave now , and I 'll forget you , I promise , but so will everyone else . Stay , and you can be remembered , known the world over . You want to make chan ho yin a famous name ? No . You need a simpler name , a - - a more powerful name , A name like ... Scorch . Scorch ? Are you joking ? Have you ever heard of steve rogers ? No . But captain america - - now , he 's on the news , On a lunchbox , on a poster on the wall . I don 't want to be a superhero . You want to be recognized ... For your gift . And who is more recognizable than them ? I was given this power for a reason . I just want people to see what I can do . They will . All I want is what you want - - For you to be remembered , To be seen for what you 're meant to be A star . Scorch . It 's growing on me . [ chuckles ] How close are we ? Almost there . She 's identified the remote-access trojan And the infected endpoint ... And is searching for a tcp to correlate the hypertext With signature information and then ... Bob is your uncle . ... Voilà . You get any of that ? Only the uncle part . We got our origin - - austin , texas . You got a name ? Just the café our hacker worked out of , But I 'm in the system . I 'm gonna check to see if any credit-card charges From that day match up with any known hackers . We got a hit . Miles lydon , not skye - - that 's to all of our relief . You know him ? Every hacker in the world knows him . Not just the hacker world . He infiltrated the kremlin . Yeah , the picture of , uh , putin shirtless on horseback - - That was his hack . It was also his hack that got chan kidnapped . May , set a course for austin . Just did . What about chan ? Kwan 's got a s.H.I.E.L.D. Team on the ground . Our best bet is to chase this thing from the other end . Find mr . Lydon . Bring him in . See what he knows . [ engines roaring ] Just left the café where miles logged in . Cashier says she hasn 't seen him in over a week . Ward : I may have eyes on him . I 've been made . Heading east on 5th street . Target is now in a silver jetta . Coulson : I got him . [ tires screeching ] All right , suit . You asked for it . [ beeps ] gridlock protocol . [ horns honking ] [ tires screech ] [ sighs ] I lost him . Woman : You sure they 're not following you ? Yeah . Had to pull out all the stops , though . Thanks for the text . Wait , are you mad ? Are you kidding me ? I don 't have much time . Who did you leak those files to ? Wait a second . What ? " good to see you , too , miles . " I released them into the world , where they belong . They 'll keep hunting you Unless they have someone else to look for . And why the hell would you hack s.H.I.E.L.D. ? Because that 's what we do . Not when I 'm on the inside . You could have ruined everything , you dumbass . Seems like you handled it . I 've come too far for you to - - Why are looking at me like that ? Did you just call me " dumbass " ? Stop smiling . I 'm serious . Because I taught you everything you know , So what does that make you ? No , you didn 't . I 'm sorry . I can 't help it . I 've been missing you like crazy . [ laughs ] That 's where you keep that , huh ? Better safe than busted . Making any progress on that ? I 'm digging , But your little stunt is gonna make it harder . [ sighs ] where 's my top ? You know , I could be helping you . If you send me ciphertext , I could be working on algorithms - - No , I can 't contact you . I never should have . There 's a s.H.I.E.L.D. Team looking for you right now - - My team . And if they suspect something , I 'm screwed . There 's a joke here that I 'm resisting That involves the word " screwed . " Shut up . There 's a guy in trouble because of you , And I got to get back . So if you want to help me , help me find my clothes . Hey . I 'm sorry , skye . Really , I am , if I messed anything up . I 've missed you . Me , too . But we talked about this when I left for l.A. I 've got a chance here . So s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s off-limits , okay ? Okay . At least tell me what it 's like . Come on , the belly of the beast . Surprisingly ... Unbeastly . I 've got good people I 'm working with . Some good stories , though , I hope ? [ chuckles ] miles . You have no idea . But that 's classified . Miles : You did not just say that to me . [ laughs ] Come on , you got to tell me something . Someday . Well , if they ever let you go on leave or whatever , Let me know , and I 'll get us a suite at the ... Fancy hotel that has suites , And you can regale me with stories while naked . A suite ? You ? That 's funny . But they 're never gonna let me go on anything If I don 't find my stupid Top . Get ... Dressed . [ doors close ] I know how this looks - - How long have you two been in contact ? I contacted him once the day I joined To tell him I was okay and once earlier today . When you tipped off an active suspect ? No , it 's not like that . Miles and I - - We met when we were both a little screwed up . Scratch that - - He was a little screwed up , I was a lot . But we looked after one another . That 's why I warned him , Not because we 're working together on this , But because we 're ... Friends . I 'm really sorry . Noted . If not you , then who is mr . Lydon working with ? No one . He 's an idealist , Believes in freedom of information . That information cost a man his freedom , And you sabotaged our attempts to remedy that . No , I came here to find out what miles knows about chan . And ? Nothing . Miles is a dead end . He 's harmless . We 'll see . Really , I was gonna find out everything I could To try to help . I just - - I felt like I couldn 't tell you guys everything . I know . That 's why I asked may to follow you . Seems that wasn 't a dead end . Why would skye do this to us for him ? I thought she was our friend . I think she is , fitz . He 's just obviously more than that . Yeah , but we 've been through so much together , And she didn 't even tell us that she has a guy . Well , who knows what they 've been through together ? May : The classified information you stole from us - - Who did you give it to ? It 's information . It has a life of its own . What happened to mr . Chan ? I don 't know who that is , so why don 't you tell me ? [ glass shatters , clattering ] So , are you guys just gonna destroy all my stuff ? Yes . Anything ? I don 't have to talk to you . Take him in . Gather all the evidence and secure the prisoners . We got what we were looking for here . We 're going to hong kong . I 'm so sorry , ward . This is not what it looks like . Hands . Now get up . Uh , you missed a button . [ sighs ] What is this big place , raina ? And who are these guys ? They 'll assist you with anything you need . We 're here to monitor your vitals While we observe your powers . And it 's big because we 'll need the space . This serum strengthens the cytoskeleton Within each cell of your body . One dose , and you 'll feel incredible ... Until it wears off . And it will wear off ? Yes . But the effects in average subjects have been impressive . In you , I 'm excited to see . What do you think of the name " scorch " ? [ gasps ] Breathe . [ breathes deeply ] Feel it ? Now let 's see what you can do . Whoa . [ chuckling ] oh , sorry ! You almost got scorched . This is incredible . Whoo ! You are a beautiful angel - - you know that ? Your power is an amazing gift . And s.H.I.E.L.D. Wouldn 't let me use it . But thanks to you , The whole world can finally see what I can do . From now on , nobody holds me back . [ breathing deeply ] [ grunts ] [ engines roaring ] So , I guess due process Isn 't really s.H.I.E.L.D. Protocol . They don 't have time for it . Whoa , are you defending them ? These people are denying our basic rights . This isn 't about us . They 're trying to save someone 's life . Listen to yourself . That 's what they always say To justify invading privacy , skye . These people stand for everything we despise - - Secrets , censorship - - Enough with the manifesto , miles . We can 't let them get away with it . Manning , snowden , aaron swartz - - These are modern-day revolutionaries . This has nothing to do with that . You leaked - - [ computer beeps ] Guy 's hiding behind platitudes . He 's dirty . I can feel it . Scrubbed clean , actually - - nothing much on him . He 's got no family records . His apartment 's under an alias . And he plays a lot of " minecraft , " Where he runs a rather nasty mob . Is it - - is it zombie ? Zombie pigmen . Keep looking . Go ahead . Say it . I don 't do petty . But you called it . I trusted my gut , Even though you said she was a risk . When someone breaks into my house , I usually don 't invite them to stay , but that 's me . That was me , too . Then that alien staff went through my heart . Sure it didn 't go through the brain ? You really don 't do comforting , either , do you ? What is your gut telling you now ? That she 's still hiding something . Sir , we found some evidence . She 's been defending you , saying you 're a stand-up guy . So I 'm going to give you a chance . Do you want to tell her , or should I ? I don 't have to listen to you - - There goes your chance . Your boyfriend here made a few deposits In the days following the leak . All said ... It 's about a million dollars . What ? Real stand-up guy . I can explain - - Did you sell information ? Miles ? Yes or no ? Did you ? ! Yes , but - - Ohh ! You are so dead . What the hell were you thinking ? ! It was a million dollars . A million dollars . It would change my life - - our lives . And that woman was harmless . I looked into it . No one with good intentions Pays that kind of money for information . Did you ever think about that ? Of course I did . I would never have done it if I thought - - Who is the woman you referred to ? A fan of the rising tide , Some rich girl in a flower dress . She knew all about me , said I had a gift . She thought people like us deserved more . Oh , you deserve more . She pointed me to a chinese s.H.I.E.L.D. Feed - - Wanted me to crack it . You thought that was harmless ? I checked the data stream . It didn 't seem like anything You and I hadn 't already put out there , skye . And I traced the account where the money came from To make sure it wasn 't some evil corporation . It was just an eco-research lab . Otherwise , I would never - - Ecological research ? Yeah , insects , some study with centipedes . What 's more harmless than that ? [ beeping ] It appears the volatility in the serum has been neutralized . I 'm surprised you got him to cooperate . He has dreams . I told him they 'd come true . [ sighs ] You gave him a name , didn 't you ? Everyone wants to be remembered . Mm . Well , thank god No one 's gonna have to actually call him that . You were right . The platelets in his blood Prevent the extremis in the serum from combusting . That 's fantastic . The others will be pleased . Good work , raina . Now drain him . [ door closes ] [ sighs ] It appears centipede is responsible For mr . Chan 's kidnapping . First l.A. , now hong kong . What kind of organization are we dealing with ? International , well-financed , Interested in creating a super soldier . Let 's hope finding mr . Chan will provide some answers . Using the account information mr . Lydon gave us , S.H.I.E.L.D. Hq believes he 's being held here . Any ideas what centipede wants with chan ? Hard to say , but simmons thinks That considering he 's pyrokinetic ... There 's a good chance his genetics could stabilize The extremis element of the centipede serum . Keep their test subjects from going ... Boom ! If mr . Chan is centipede 's lab rat , We need to get there before the experiment 's over . This is no test . This is torture . [ whirring ] Thank you for your participation . Our group really owes you one . I won 't let you . [ grunts ] [ screaming ] [ gasping ] What have you done ? We don 't understand what gave you this ability , But the reason you don 't burn Is because your blood platelets are fire-resistant . Which is why we 're removing them . Raina , you said I have a gift . And you 're giving it . Raina ! Raina ! [ gun cocks ] Agent may and I will be handling the field work . You stay and oversee the prisoners . Sir ? I was skye 's s.O. It was my responsibility - - It was my call to bring skye onto the plane , And you warned me against it . My problem - - I fix it . I 'm sorry . I honestly didn 't know . All our talks - - Did you mean none of it ? I risked everything to help you , And it turns out every word out of your mouth Since we met is total crap . That 's not true . Democratization of knowledge - - " the truth will set you free . " The truth sure as hell came out . I believe in all those things . I just don 't know why they have to go hand in hand With barely scraping by . Come on , skye . You lived in your van for the last two years . Now you 're making fun of my van ? I could have funded us for years - - us . So you wouldn 't have to sacrifice your principles , Joining this corrupt institution to find what you 're looking for . And what 's wrong with me trying to do that ? I 'll tell you what 's wrong with that - - An innocent guy might die ... For money . You know I 'd never intentionally hurt anyone . I 'm just trying to get my life together . At least you know what you 're looking for . Me - - I don 't have that . For a long time , I thought it was you . I guess I was wrong . I guess so . Building has five floors . The first four are research . Fifth is listed as maintenance But uses half the building 's energy . Either they 're guarding the world 's largest vacuum ... Or that 's where chan 's being held . Send your " b " and " c " teams in through the tunnels To secure the lower floors . Warn them that the centipede serum 's highly explosive . Understood . Where do we go in ? [ whirring ] the roof . There . Heat signature confirmed . I love these things . [ beeps ] [ grunting ] Agent kwan ... It 's you . We 're here to get you out . [ monitor beeping ] [ alarm blaring ] Strike team needs a security override , stat . Kwan , can you arrange - - Chan , what have you done ? I 've set myself free . Coulson 's in trouble . Aaaah ! Mr. Chan , I know you 're in pain . This is nothing . You were the ones killing me , Forcing me to keep this gift locked up inside . So we 're good , right ? The entire facility 's been locked down . Are you sure about this ? No . This is pretty cool . Skye : The alarms disconnected the system From all exterior servers . Can you fix it or not ? Yes , but you 've got to get me on-site . No way . Not a chance . You 're a hacker , skye , not seal team six . No . But is . Aaah ! His file say anything about him being homicidal ? Just said he was kind of a tool . Mr. Chan , believe it or not , this can still get worse . You bend someone long enough , and they break . Poor little chan ho yin may have believed your lies , But not scorch . Who ? Oh , crap . They gave him a name . Get me a clean look . I 'll make sure he wakes up In a s.H.I.E.L.D. Containment facility . Waking is optional at this point . [ shouts in cantonese ] I 'm out . Nothing can stop me ! Where are we on the doors ? Almost there . Ohh ! S.H.I.E.L.D. Has infiltrated the building . No , it 's under control . Didn 't want to tell them ? Chan 's true nature has revealed itself . Without his platelets , the serum will combust . Wouldn 't be the first one to blow up on you . I 'm beginning to think you 're bad luck . How long is this gonna take ? Done . Coulson : Doors are unlocked . Where 's chan ? He 's gone . Damn it . That tranquilizer was his last chance . You know that . I know . It 's time to minimize the damage . Simmons ... Are the building 's computers back online ? [ computer beeps ] Yes . Uncuff miles . We 're gonna need his help . You ! [ elevator bell dings ] I wish you all the best . [ panting ] Please , look , we can fix you ... Make you stronger , Take the name scorch and make it mean something . It already does . Aah ! [ screaming ] Mr. Chan , we don 't want to hurt you But we have to . We got to move . [ computer beeping ] You need to drive the blast into the main ventilation shaft . Yeah , and on up to the roof . [ beeping continues ] [ explosion ] Skye managed to extract some files From the building 's mainframe . It 's not much , but could get us a fix on centipede . Maybe . You can 't save someone from themselves , sir . You can if you get to them early enough . You 've got two choices - - take what 's in this box , Or we put you in a slightly bigger one . You want to give me a hint ? What 's it do ? Whatever we tell it to do . I 'd try to avoid any unlawful activity , And I think you 'll find it hard To use electronic devices for a while . [ box closes ] You can go now . Cool , but we 're still in hong kong . Yep . I live in austin , texas . I know . Oh , and agent kwan 's family thanks you For the anonymous donation . My office . So , you plan to stay ? If they let me . You 've changed . Good . I mean , you 're not who you used to be . And you 're not who I thought you were . I hope you find what you 're looking for . [ footsteps ] Make it a double . Is there any other kind ? So , I 'm going to coulson 's office now . I figured you might want to be there , being my s.O. And all . I 'm off the clock . Right . Okay , then . [ door opens ] I didn 't want anything to - - Coulson : Stop lying . Since the moment you stepped foot on this plane , You 've been lying to my face , to all of us . I haven 't - - you 're lying now . I stood up for you to my team down there . And some of us started to believe in you , Risked our lives for you . I - - Why are you here ? ! You 've been keeping something from us ... This whole time . And it wasn 't just a boyfriend . You have a secret , skye , And one chance to come out with it . That 's now , or I 'm done with you . What is this ? It 's everything I have . On us ? On me . [ voice breaking ] that 's why I learned to crack systems , Why I joined the rising tide - - To find any details I could about my parents . There 's nothing . No records . There 's no trace of them . My lifelong search has led to a single document - - Redacted . By s.H.I.E.L.D. No matter what you do , I 'll never stop looking . You might not like what you find . It can 't be worse than what I 've imagined . Maybe I can help . [ bracelet beeps , clicks ] " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " Will return in a moment . Well , you know I 'm not going to do the talking . The doctor is dead . About time . We believe we 'll soon have stable subjects . On to stage two . That mean my situation 's going to improve any ? Well , other problems have surfaced - - Resurfaced , I should say . The s.H.I.E.L.D. Unit in hong kong - - We 've encountered them before . They ... Took our subject off the map in los angeles . Not much I can do about that in here . So that 's not why I 'm getting the visit . We would like you to touch base with the clairvoyant . See if any insights can be given ... On stage three . The clairvoyant doesn 't like to be touched . We all have to do things that make us uncomfortable If we are ever to get our toy soldiers off the shelf . You know that better than any of us . I like your dress . I know .
