 Chester 's Mill is a place like any other . At least , it used to be , until we were cut off from the rest of the world by a mysterious dome . Invisible , indestructible , inescapable . We 're trapped . We don 't know where it came from or why it 's here , but now that we 're all trapped under the dome together , none of our secrets are safe . Thanks for letting me crash here . My husband isn 't here , but he 'll turn up . - You 'll see , Barbie . - Shut up ! That thing is never gonna go away . Oh , no . No . The pink stars are falling in lines . Do it . - Ride that dome . - Nice . Whoa , Benny . Dome ride was sick , bro . - Yeah . - It won 't be okay . This thing is never gonna go away , and we 're all gonna die . Dude , you 're watching that video again ? I still can 't believe it . You weren 't kidding about that Barbie . He took that cop 's ass down . I wonder if Barbie 's , like , Black Ops . - Oh , my God , your phone still works ? - So jealous . Yeah , the camera and the apps . Just no texting or calls . I miss texting . - It 's been , like , a day and a half . - Whatever . Don 't be judge-y . Dude . Show them . ... is never gonna go away , - and we 're all gonna die . - Paul , don 't . The bullet just bounced off the dome . - Did Paul mean to shoot Freddy ? - I don 't know . He was acting pretty crazy . - I wonder what they 'll do with him . - Cop killer 's as bad as it gets . Especially a cop that kills another cop . You in a hurry or something ? I wanna get to the police station before they walk Randolph in . What , you don 't like my driving ? Not that at all . Just ... Nothing wrong with using a little caution . I don 't do caution . Heh . I noticed . You 're a real run-towards-the-fire kind of girl , aren 't you ? I 'm a journalist . I 've gotta find out all I can about this dome . So me , you and everyone in this town can get out as soon as possible . I got a husband out there I 'd kind of like to see again . - There he is . - There he is . - Deputy Esquivel . - Is that him ? That was a pretty daring thing you did , pulling Reverend Coggins out of the fire . Just doing my job . So what , with the entire Fire Department and half the police force stuck outside the dome - and now two officers dead ... - What 's your question ? Can you handle this alone until we find a way to get out ? We 'll be fine , Mrs. Shumway . As long as we all look out for each other . - Murderer ! - Killer ! - Yeah ! - Let 's get him ! Any more of that , and I 'll haul your ass in . Hey , it was the dome that did it to Freddy . And it 's gonna kill more before it 's done . Take him inside . I can control this . Oh , so you 're in charge now ? Friends , I 'm asking you all to let the law do its job . The law did its job already . Killed an innocent man . No , no , no . That was a tragic accident . As the town 's only remaining councilman , I will not countenance any kind of frontier justice . Now , you go home , clasp hands and pray for Freddy Denton 's poor soul . Go on . Too bad we can 't upload that video to YouTube . Excuse me . Where can a girl charge up in this town ? - I have a generator at my ... - Your house ? We saw you at the fire . How 'd you end up here ? I just followed some kids . Heard them talking about a bonfire . - No , I meant ... ? - I knew what you meant . I was on my way someplace and : Wrong place at the wrong time , I guess . I 'm not usually a mooch , but without my music , I can get a little , you know , super bitchy . Can I refuel at your place ? Sure . There 's no one home except me ... Cool . I actually need a place to crash too . If that 's okay , I mean . Oh , well , I mean , I saw you with two ladies , I thought you were with them . Never seen them before . So cool to crash ? I 'm sorry . Freddy , he was my partner , and he was my friend , but he wouldn 't be dead if it weren 't for this dome . You 're gonna have to tell Rusty . He 'll understand . Like hell he will . He 's Freddy 's brother . What did we do to deserve this ? Are you okay ? Paul ? I warned you , Linda . I warned you what would happen . - This is all a misunderstanding , Paul . - No , it 's not . It 's the dome . It 's making everyone crazy , and it 's gonna kill us all , if the town doesn 't kill me first . Paul ? Paul ! - Where were you yesterday , Junior ? - Nowhere . Whole town pulls together to put out a fire . But you ? Nowhere to be found . - Dad ... - Shut your mouth . People are looking to me to lead , to stand up like a man does . It reflects poorly when my son is AWOL . This situation , it 's an opportunity . All your life , I 've provided you with advantages . Opening doors , like with the football team . I never wanted to play ... Point is you only get so many chances in life . Do not squander them . What happened to your face ? - Nothing . - No , what ... ? Who did this to your face ? This guy . His name 's Barbie , I think . He 's totally insane . Nine years it 's been since your mother died , and still it 's like you 're hiding behind her skirt . Best toughen up now , Junior . Don 't you let me down . Your dial 's set to WYBS , literally the only source of news here in Chester 's Mill . Couple of shout-outs . First , to everyone who grabbed a bucket yesterday and joined the volunteer brigade , way to stay civic-minded , people . And big ups to the lovely Linda Esquivel For her daring rescue of Reverend Coggins . I made you some eggs . Figured you could use some protein . I get it . You 're angry , but it 's the dome that 's making you act like this . Nothing 's making me act like this . It 's you locking me down here for two days . Everything is gonna go back to the way it was before . You 'll see , Ange . Soon as we get out from under this thing . Has anyone tried going under it ? People took shovels and tried digging ... No , I mean , way under it . Like through the cement-factory tunnels . They closed those off after the flood when those kids died down there . It 's dangerous . You and I still went down there all the time . Walked through the tunnels till we came across the town line into Westlake , hitchhiked back . Maybe you 're right . Maybe things would be different if you could find a way out . Maybe we could start over . I 'll be back later . Rise and shine , Reverend . What the hell were you thinking ? I told you to find the evidence and destroy it , not torch a dead-man 's house . I did what you told me . Found the bills of sales of propane , set them on fire . All the evidence destroyed , just like you asked . Listen up , Lester . Now , the only files left that can implicate us in this drug business are right here . So we have to trust each other on the security of those . Scoot on back to the mortuary and take care of Freddy Denton 's corpse . So , what are the odds that you just passing through , happen to be here on the day that an unprecedented , possibly supernatural event occurred ? God , I swear , you ask more questions than anybody I 've ever met . Well , you know you 're pretty good at evading them . And asking questions is my job . That 's just your way of keeping people from asking you anything . All right . Your turn . How does someone as ambitious as you end up here in Chester 's Mill ? My husband grew up here . And circumstances shifted and it just made sense for us , you know , to come here and start over . That 's our DJ , Phil . - You wanna meet him ? - Uh , no . I mean , you guys gotta do work . I 'm gonna get a bite to eat at the diner . Linda ? Where are you ? Jim . Jim ! Jim , I 'm down here ! The keys . Where 's Paul Randolph ? He escaped . Linda ? I 'd hoped you were ready for the responsibility of running this department . With all respect , I don 't need a lecture . Take a pause . We have a disturbed fugitive on the loose . As councilman , it is my job to organize a search party . Then go do it . But I 'm not gonna wait for someone else to get hurt . Damn it , Paul . - He took a rifle . - Where you going ? Black Ridge Woods . He likes to hunt there . - Listen to me . It 's too risky ... - Jim , I know you like to control things , but you do not control me . Why worry ? I bet they got government scientists tapping on that thing , trying to figure out how to talk with us in here . Maybe they 'll figure out how to get us more bacon . Bacon 's the least of our worries , Roger . Any sign of your daughter ? Not since last night . Alice is out looking for her . I can 't help but think that it 's just another one of those seizures and Norrie 's laying unconscious on the side of a road somewhere . Oh , now , I 'm sure she 's fine . Excuse me , sir . You wouldn 't , by any chance , have seen my daughter ? Your daughter ? How 's that work ? My partner and I are a same-sex couple with a child . Welcome to the 21st century . What are you doing here in Chester 's Mill anyway ? We got stuck here on our way to drop Norrie , our daughter , our legitimate daughter , off to a nearby private school . Oh , the girl 's reformatory , you mean . Think they can pray the gay out of her ? Why don 't you come with me , honey ? Let 's get you a cup of coffee . Authorities outside still don 't know the composition or the origin of the dome . Presumably they 'll keep at it until they get some answers . I like this symbiotic thing we got going on , man . Key to a civilized society is a well-informed public . Oh , that and indoor plumbing . Oh , I forgot about indoor plumbing . - Fingers crossed that holds out . - Heh , heh . Where 's Junior off to in such a hurry ? I don 't know . It 's the councilman 's kid , though . If anyone 's got the inside scoop , it 's him . Junior . - Where you headed ? - Just going for a hike . What 's with the helmet ? I don 't have to answer your questions . It 's a free country . Thank you . - Do you mind ? - Hey , it 's your joint . All mine , it seems . Had a girl , Angie , working the lunch counter , but I haven 't seen her since Dome Day . So how 's it been staying over at Julia 's ? Nice and comfy ? Small town , kiddo . It 's only gonna get smaller . All right , listen up , people . I got an announcement to make . Former Deputy Paul Randolph has escaped police custody . Just as a precaution , I 'm gonna ask you all to stay in your homes until this situation is resolved . I 'm also putting together a search party , and I 'm asking if any able-bodied men are keen to join up . - Right here , Big Jim . - Count me in too . All right . Roger , Ollie , thank you much . Now , listen , boys , he 's already assaulted two other people , and he 's stolen a mass of provisions from Casper 's Department Store . Now , he 's on the run , but there 's only so many places he can hide . He took a rifle from the police station , so bring your firearms . I don 't believe we 've been formally introduced . I 'm Jim Rennie . People around here call me Big Jim . - Barbie . - Barbie . Well , that 's kind of a funny name for a fella with your particular expertise . I saw you take that gun off Randolph yesterday . What are you , a bounty hunter or something ? Just kidding , of course . This Paul Randolph 's no fish in a barrel . He was a marine , served two tours in Iraq . - Oh . - Yeah . Won a Silver Star . Perfect . So , Barbie , you in or out ? This is Phil Bushey with an update concerning the ongoing manhunt in town . Former Deputy Paul Randolph 's squad car has been spotted off the road at Black Ridge Woods . All Chester 's Millers are under an advisory to stay home until the situation is resolved . Looks like he abandoned it . Oh , fellas , I got something over here . Come on . This way . Hey , hold on . This guy 's got military training , right ? That 's a dummy trail , he 'd never do anything that obvious . Look at this . These branches here , they 're all broken . Right there . Our man came right through here . See , I knew you 'd be useful . Do you always eat standing up ? Animals eat standing up . Good point , Joe . These are really good . They 're , like , better than those Amy 's Breakfast Scramble Wraps - my moms buy at Whole Foods . - Your moms ? Yeah , my moms , my pops , you know , like they say . - Where are your parents ? - Outside . My dad drives a rig , so he 's gone a lot , and my mom was in Westlake , the next town over , when ... You know . What about yours ? I was on my way to visit my dad and , you know ... He 's a musician . But driving a rig 's pretty cool too . Guess we 're both unsupervised , huh ? Hey , Joe-Joe . These two lovely ladies were hoping to take advantage of your sweet , sweet homemade electricity . - My family doesn 't have a gennie . - Mine , neither . And the music they play on WYBS is , like , totally schizo . Did you invite anyone else ? I might have mentioned the generator to a few people . What about the whole advisories-to-stay-inside thing ? Dude , it 's the apocalypse . Advisories don 't apply . Nice . Please tell me you hit that . Uncool , bro . Leave a brother hanging . Just like Butch and Sundance , huh ? Are we the good guys or the bad guys ? You 're military , aren 't you ? The way you disarmed Randolph and the whole dummy-trail business . - No , I was just a grunt . - You were over there , weren 't you ? You ever been to war ? No . Never had the privilege . Hey ! Next time , I 'll aim higher ! I 'm warning you , guys , you better leave me alone . I don 't wanna hurt anyone else . Ollie , take Roger back to town before that lunatic takes another pop at us . You and me , we 're finishing this thing . What 's your objective here ? To bring him in or are we trying to take him out ? Don 't see it makes a difference to a guy like you , does it ? What , to a guy like me ? We 're losing the light . Let 's move it . I found a way out . Don 't . You shouldn 't have followed me . Why did you come down here ? I was just hoping you 'd find a way out . Sorry to let you down . I hate this thing . I hate you . Junior , are you okay ? No . These tunnels are dangerous . They 're like a maze . How can you even find your way out of the dark ? They 're even more dangerous with this thing cutting into it . What if it collapses on us ? People die in here . I did a story once on coal miners , guys trapped underground . You see the way the flame flickers ? You know which way the air flows , you follow it home . Let 's go home . Dude , you 're not gonna believe this . The guys got The Simpsons Movie going on a loop . They totally saw the dome coming . When can I ask people to leave ? Scarecrow Joe . Nice house party , bro . Carter . I used to go out with your sister . Well , stayed in more than we went out , if you know what I mean . Heh , heh . Thanks for inviting us in , little man . We 'll just make ourselves at home . Think about it . You have a house to yourself . You could become the most popular guy in town . Maybe even get a girlfriend out of it . She digs you . I 've got an instinct about these things . Just don 't tell her about that funky seizure you had . Don 't want her to think you 're a spaz . Total spaz move . Let 's work on that , dude . Can you remember which way we came ? - I don 't have a lot of matches left . - Who cares ? We 're trapped down here , we 're trapped out there . What 's the difference ? I just wanted to do something good today . A man stands up . A man doesn 't screw up . We all screw up . We make bad choices . Tell that to my father . You wanna know how I ended up in Chester 's Mill ? I was covering the mayor 's race in Chicago . The guy in the lead was a real machine politician . I really wanted to take him down . About a week before the election , one of my sources sent me some documents that showed bribery . I thought the leaked docs might be forged , but I went ahead with the story anyway . And it blew up in my face . The truth about my little lie surfaced , the guy got reelected , and I was fired and disgraced . And now I 'm here . So I know from screw-ups . Tell you one thing , though . I will never make that mistake again . We just keep moving forward . Who needs some juice ? Whoa , hold up , freshie . Five bucks for five minutes . Should I do something about this ? Yeah , and get your face Picasso 'd by a guy who 's got 25 pounds on you ? He doesn 't run our electricity . - Did you ever take American history ? - Uh , yeah . So you know about the Sherman Antitrust Act ? I don 't know , maybe . Maybe not . Because if you had , you 'd know that what you 're doing is illegal . Monopolies are illegal . Monopoly is not illegal . We have the board game at my house . Well , then maybe you should go back to your house . Play by yourself . I think I 'd rather play with you , Red . - Why don 't we take this upstairs ? - I think you should leave . Oh , I am leaving , little man . I 'm going up to your sister 's room . I don 't think she 'd mind , I been there before . No , I want you to leave my house . Move , now , or this gets ugly fast . - The generator blew . - Let 's get out of here . This ain 't even close to over , scarecrow . Let 's go . It 's done . How many matches do we have left ? One . There 's a reason for all this . The dome , all those people who died . This all happened when that Barbie guy showed up . Sometimes , when we don 't understand the answer to a thing , we look for someone to blame . Oh , I understand . I understand he attacked me out of the blue . See this ? You know how I got that ? Good old Barbie . People think he 's this hero , but he 's a psychopath . Barbie just attacked you for no reason ? That 's right . You don 't know this guy . I mean , what 's he really doing here ? Has he been here before ? He has to answer some questions . What do we do now ? Come on . I 'll give you a ride home . I think we ought to call it a day and get a fresh start tomorrow . Why , so we can give Randolph a chance ... ? To get away ? Come on , man , we 're sealed in here . Where the hell 's he gonna go ? I told you , we 're finishing this . Why 's that ? So you can show the town what a big man Big Jim is ? You ever play football , Barbie ? No . I was never much of a team-sports kind of guy . I played cornerback . A lot of smaller guys play it because it requires speed and agility . Back in school , we had this all-state wideout , a real ... A real showboater , you know ? He called me " Big Jim , " uh , but as a joke , you know ? Laughing at me . And one day , we , um , we had to scrimmage and he was taunting me , you know ? " Come on , Big Jim , " you know ? " You can 't touch me , Big Jim , " you know ? So I put the mother of all hits on this punk . I mean , helmet first , went in low , completely shattered his pelvis . Well , guess what . " Big Jim " wasn 't a joke no more . What does that tell you ? I don 't know . Tells me that being on your team could be hazardous to my health . Sometimes an example needs to be made , you know ? Command respect . An eye for an eye . Jim ? I 'll kill him just like he was gonna kill me . - Nobody wants to kill anybody here . - He said it himself . An eye for an eye , right ? Make an example out of me . Drop your weapon now . I said , drop your weapon now . Evening to you , Lester . I 'm sorry to say we brought you another customer . I 'm not finished with Deputy Denton yet . Patching a wound takes time . Paul Randolph needs your help too . The Lord never gives us more than we can handle , Rev. You clean ? Absolutely , Jim . Any red you see in my eyes , that 's overwork , nothing else . Let 's keep it that way . Would you mind waiting at the car ? I need to talk to Linda . Yeah . Sure . I 'm sorry . For questioning your dedication , or if in any way I insinuated that you weren 't capable of filling Duke 's shoes . He 'd be proud of you , you know . In fact , I bet he 's up there right now eating roast beef and mashed potatoes with the big guy , looking down on you and smiling . We 're gonna do big things , you and I. First , we gotta get you some deputies . There 's a new sheriff in town . And her name is Linda Esquivel . Uh , so I was wondering if maybe we could keep what happened today between us . You know , we all have secrets , Junior . You can call me James . I never did like being called Junior anyways . I 'm guessing you 're a Scotch guy . You don 't miss much , do you ? Straight up , of course . Maybe we should do this another time . It 's a small town , son . And we all support the team . What was that about ? Long story . What kind of trouble you been getting into ? No trouble . I went down into the cement works and tried to find a way out . Failed , huh ? Yeah . The dome cuts straight through . Well , of course , it does . You didn 't think it 'd be that easy , did you ? What were you doing with that Barbie guy ? - Well , that 's none of your business . - I 'll make it my business . Not unless I tell you to . Don 't you worry your head over Barbie . Let the grown-ups do their job . Drink your milk now , Junior . - What are you doing ? - I don 't know . Maybe I can fix it . Really ? That thing blew up like the Death Star . Yeah , but the Empire rebuilt the Death Star in the Return of the Jedi . It was almost fully operational . I like nerds . Norrie ? - Oh , God . - Norrie , are you here ... ? Carolyn , how did you find me ? Something goes boom in a small town , parents tend to know . Let 's go . Who is this lady ? - She 's one of my moms . - One of your ... ? Okay , I guess there 's just some things I didn 't want you to know about me . But , hey , thanks for almost getting beat up for me . That was kind of chivalrous . - Oh , my God . - What happened ? Norrie ? Norrie . - The pink stars are falling in lines . - Norrie . The pink stars are falling in lines . - Norrie . - The pink stars are falling . - Get help ! - The pink stars are falling . - Go ! - The pink stars are falling . Hey , Angie . Did you make it under ? Uh-uh . Uh ... There 's no way out . I made sure of it . What happened to your hands ? I beat on that thing . Stood up and beat on it until the lights went out , Angie . Because I love you . So that comment that you made about me running into the fire was aggravatingly hypocritical . No , especially considering the adventure you went on today with Big Jim . Yeah , but there 's a difference between me and you . How so ? I take off after the fire 's out . I mean , at least , when there 's somewhere to take off to . You bruised your knuckles . Yeah , I bruised my knuckles . And you really were just passing through Chester 's Mill ? No connection to anyone here in town ? Nope . Good night , Julia .
