 ♪ Two ... two , three ... ♪ 7x08 Fun on a Bun ( humming happily ) ( Crunching , smacking ) ( Belches ) Ugh ! Fry ! That 's disgusting ! What ? You double-dipped ! Geez . Crew , you 're working too hard . Tell me about it . For once , I thought it might be nice to do something in a social setting ... Finally get to know each other . Why , I don 't even know half your names ! You , boy . What do they call you ? Most folks just call me orange Joe . So , Professor , where are we gonna go ? It 's July , right ? Let 's wait three months and go to Oktoberfest ! ( All cheering ) All right , baby ! ( Whooping ) Bring on the beer ! And the scantily-clad barmaids ! And the more beer ! Shh ! ( Playing refined version of " the beer barrel polka " ) Hey ! I don 't smell bavarian-style vomit . Where 's Oktoberfest ? This is Oktoberfest ... the world 's most sophisticated exhibition of German food , drink , and culture . Exquisite . Care for another , sir ? No , I wouldn 't want to ruin my Oktoberfest by becoming intoxicated . What the hell is going on here ? ! Fry , quiet . Oktoberfest is a classy celebration of how far humans have evolved . You can all act like Jersey shore socialites , but at least Bender will party with me . Right , buddy ? Whoa , whoa , whoa ! I enjoy partying as much as the next fellow , but this is Oktoberfest . Good day , sir ! Ach du freakin ' lieber ! A sausage contest , eh ? Sounds like fun on a bun ! Shut up ! I said it first ! Man : Bam ! Also , ow . Oh , my God , it 's celebrity chef Elzar ! Hey , Elzar , I 've just recently started always having dreamt of being a sausage-making champion . Can I get in on this ? Sure , I don 't care . You bring your ingredients ? You bet ! ( Snorts ) Hold on there , chief . Regular old pork ain 't gonna win this thing . You gotta get innovative with your meat . See chef Fritz over there ? He 's only using the choicest cuts of hummingbird . Murakami-San got his hands on a nice rack of angel wings . Gonna grind ' em up into heavenwurst . And me ? I 'm making my spice-weaseled bratwurst outta pork . So you are using pork ! Pork that 's been aged for 3,000 years ! Bam ! Aw , man ! I can 't beat that with a Craigslist pig . ( Pig grunts ) Sorry , grundy . I 'll have to kill you later for some other reason . ( Orchestra playing elegant music ) ( Grunting ) Sit up straight ! The countess Von Luftballoon is watching . Ach ! Man , all the fun has been taken out of this once-noble barf-a-palooza . You just say that because you 're primitive . People in your day were backwards and crude . Well , at least we were hammered ! Oh , I 'm as thirsty as a drunk . Where do all these child-sized beers come from ? See that magnificent heavily guarded cask ? All the beer 's in there . ( Slurps , sighs ) ( Spitting ) Not all the beer . ( Drunkenly ) : Yay ! Whoo-hoo ! Fahrvergnügen ! Kaiser permanente ! Fru ... frusen gladje ! Fry ! You 're embarrassing us ! I don 't care ! I 'm finally having fun ! Hey , come on , you keister-meisters ! Eins , zwei , drei , vier ! Lift your Stein and drink your beer ! Ich bin ein never ! Oh ! ( Orchestra playing refined version of " the chicken dance " ) Whoa ! Even with harps , that 's still the famous Oktoberfest chicken dance ! ( All groaning , gasping ) Oh , I almost forgot ! ( Chicken hats squeaking ) Get das Booty up here , Leela ! I brought his-and-her chicken hats ! ( Squeaks ) Okay , that 's it . You are a boorish , primitive neanderthal ! Neander - ( Hiccups ) - Thal ? Yes . And I 've had enough ! I 'm breaking up with you ! ( Gasps ) We were going out ? ! Whoo ! I mean , nooo ! And keep your stupid chicken hat , too ! ( Weeps quietly ) ... and-and the worst part is , I had to have the breakup sex by myself ! ( Sobs ) Fry , some of us have real problems . I just learned there are people with fancier sausage meats than me ! ( Sobbing ) I hate future Oktoberfest ! It 's supposed to be beer and bratwurst , not breakups and ... Boring thing ! German narrator : For hundreds of years , Oktoberfest has been held here , in the fertile neander valley , where prehistoric man once hunted the majestic schnüfel-üfagus , or woolly mammoth . To this day , paleontologists sometimes find entire mammoths frozen in the valley 's icy glaciers , perfectly preserved for exactly 30,000 years or so . Bender : Wait a minute ... Mammoth meat aged for 30,000 years ? Prize-winning sausage meat , here I come ! ( Beeping rhythmically ) I didn 't know this ship had a mammoth detector . You 're drunk , Fry . This is the elephant detector . I just set it to " big and woolly . " ( Beeping ) Mammoth ahoy ! Uh , Bender ? I smell burning tusk . That 's probably it . Kill the engine . ( Bender grunting ) ( Grunting echoing ) ( Grunting with effort ) ( Grunting ) ( Chuckling ) Wait till those judges get their hands on my mammoth sausage ! ( Whooping ) ( Screams ) My hair is caught ! Bender ! Turn it off ! ( Yelling ) ♪ Sausage is great , sausage is great ♪ ♪ Sausage , sausage , sausage ... ♪ Ziss sausage is great ! You , mein robot , move on to the next round . Shut up , judge , I know it . Way to go , Bender ! Can I try a piece ? You can have yourself a whole big boy . Mmm ... mmm ! That 's good . Where 's Fry ? I don 't know . Last I saw , he was jumping up and down in my meat grinder . By the way , you got a little something right there . Mmm ! This is the best sausage I 've ever tasted ! ( Choking ) Oh , my God ! That looks like Fry 's hair ! Oh , come on , don 't make jokes like that while I 'm eating . ( Screaming ) Poor Philip . He looks so peaceful . It 's tragedy on a bun . ( Sobbing ) I ate Fry ! I broke up with my boyfriend and then I ate him ! Oh , now , now , we 've all been there . The pain and guilt are too much ! I can 't go on knowing what I 've done ! ( Belches , smacks ) ( Wailing ) : Oh , Fry ! Can you really remove all my memories of Fry ? Oh , they 'll still be there , hon . I 'm just gonna snip the links between them and your conscious brain . Like this one here : " Fry falls off zoo train . " He thought he recognized one of the monkeys ! What was I crying about ? Oh , we were just cuttin ' onions , honey . Let 's keep going . Fry sits on a pie ... Fry finds popcorn in his belly button ... You eat a sausage made of Fry ... Fry gives you a chicken hat ... Aw , that 's sweet . ♪ Good morning ! Geez , who died ? I don 't know how Bender and I do all this work by ourselves . Maybe we should hire a delivery boy . You mean like ( Muffled ) : Fry ? Bender , shh ! We have to be careful not to remind her ! What about my feelings ? Fry was my best friend ... And now he 's dead ! ( Sobbing loudly ) Nah , I 'm just kidding . My pastor helped me through my grief . ( Humming happily ) Bender 's a jerk , but he 's right . We 've all got to accept that Fry is gone forever . Whoa ... Where happened ? What am I ? ♪ Sausage is great , sausage is great ♪ ♪ Sausage , sausage , sausage ... ♪ ( Screaming ) Whew ! That was close . ( Screaming ) ( Chicken hat squeaks ) Whew ! ( Yelling ) ( Groaning ) ( Muffled ) : Help ! Boy trapped in ice ! Oh , thank you , thank you . ( Gasps ) ( Trumpeting ) ( Growling ) ( Roaring ) ( Grunts ) How you get frozen ? Oh , I don 't know . I think I whanged my head pretty bad . ( Grunts ) Look normal to me . The last thing I remember is losing all my memories . Who am I , one of you ? Me think so . Anyone dumb enough get stuck in ice probably neanderthal . Neanderthal ? Yeah , I think somebody called me that . I 'm kind of chilly . I don 't suppose you have a ... ( Animal bleats ) Ooh , still warm ! So , what 's this delivery to McPluto ? 53 tons of hamburgers and French frr ... agments of not potatoes . Fragments of not potatoes ? Yep . They get a big shipment every fri ... Saturday ! What 's this ? ( Squeaks ) Oh , it 's some kind of chicken hat ! It 's cute . So why does it make me feel ... I don 't know ... sad ? ( Grunting ) ( Panting ) ( Snorting ) ( Sighs sadly ) Why you stare at prehistoric pig butt ? Because it makes me feel happy and confused and wistful and sad . All neanderthal sad . It in our nature . Why ? It all start 30,000 year ago , in fertile neander valley . Gugg : Life for our ancestors peaceful until homo sapiens arrive . We suggest interbreed , become one big happy species . But they treat us like second-class hominid . They drive us from valley , and we end up living here , in isolated crevice . We figure , " whatever . " But then we get trapped by encroaching ice age . Now we sealed in , under sky of ice . So my sadness makes perfect sense . And I do have vague memories of people refusing to breed with me ! ( Cawing ) A raven 's brought word for you , sir . Guys , guys ! My sausage made the finals at Oktoberfest ! We gotta go back for the closing ceremony ! Oktoberfest ? ( Hat squeaks ) Sounds like fun ! Chief ! Me find huge hole melted in ice , out past Cesar Chavez Ridge ! Hole go all the way outside ! This very interesting . Maybe someone look into it , many years from now . But , chief , this means we 're not trapped any more ! It 's our chance to take back the outside world from those stuck-up homo sapiens with their tools and their pants and such . My fellow big-brows ! Are you with me ? ( Cheering ) ( Sighs sadly ) You 've been staring at that pumpkin for like , five seconds . What 's up ? It 's ... it 's something about the color . ( Sniffles ) Oh , boo-hoo . Why are you crying now , you depressed lunatic ? I don 't know . I should be happy . Bender 's sausage just won third place . Third place ? This is the greatest injustice Germany has ever committed ! Ah , Leela , we meet again . But this time I 'm the one criticizing the sausage . ( Rumbling ) Ah ... ( Gasps ) ( Screams , gasps ) ( Trumpeting , war cries ) Dear God , look at those hairy elephantés ! Kill all modern humans ! Hey , this guy 's all right . ( Grunts ) ( Trumpeting ) ( Mammoths trumpeting ) Battalion A , smash things ! Battalion B , smash different things ! ( Yelling ) ( Gulping ) ( Panting , gulping ) ( Trumpeting ) ( Screaming ) ♪ Aw , yeah . Second place ! Release the giant sloth ! ( Roars ) ( Screaming ) ( Screaming continues ) ( Takes deep breath ) ( Screaming ) Do something ! Fear not , Leela . They may not have technology , like us , but we have something they don 't have : Technology . Behold our latest weapon , a revolutionary fleet of unmanned drones . With men in them . Then how are they unmanned ? The men are just for ballast . I control all the drones from this single unit . Foolproof and durable , it 's designed to withstand even the weight of a modern-day elephant foot . ( Mammoth trumpets , brannigan screams ) ( Men screaming ) ( Bored , sustained scream ) ( Screams ) Ar , ar , ar ! Chef Fritz , thank God you 're all right ! Oh . Come with me , I 'll protect you ! ( Laughs evilly ) ( Crackling ) Neanderthals , load catapult ! Up here in the clouds , our technology makes us invincible , like the mighty " x " in tic-tac-toe . Look at those pathetic cavemen down there , loading their silly catapult with ... What is that , Kif ? ( Snarling , screaming ) I believe it 's a saber-tooth cat , sir . ( Screaming ) I guess it 's just me and you , chicken hat . ( Squeaks ) Die , you primitive brute ! ( Trumpeting ) ( Primitive battle cry ) ( Battle cry ) ( Grunting ) What do you neanderthals want ? We want our land back ! Also , to be treated as equals ! And a little mating wouldn 't hurt ! ( Hat squeaks ) Orange ? Purple ? Do I know you ? Have we met ? ( People screaming , weapons firing ) ( Mammoths trumpeting ) What orange-hair doing with homo sapien ? Uh ... Look like interbreeding . ( Grunting painfully ) You want make love , not war ? Jawohl ! This change everything , tight-clothes-man . We forgive homo sapiens for actions of stuck-up ancestors . So be it . In recognition of your overwhelming victory , let 's call it a draw . ( Cheering ) Fry ? ( Liquid gurgling ) Leela ? I didn 't recognize you with your head all swollen . But it looks better now . I guess the blood must have rushed somewhere else . Guys , guys ! Chef Fritz accidentally got thrown down an icy slope ! I 'm the sausage champion ! Whoo ! No further questions ! ( People talking , laughing ) ( Playing polka ) Man : Rounds for everybody ! Ha ! Yah ! Yah ! Yah ! ( Laughing ) Now this is Oktoberfest ! Just like the olden days . I have to admit , your version is more fun . ( Band starts playing " the chicken dance " ) ( Gasps ) They 're playing our stupid song ! Care to join me ? No , Leela . Just this once , I 'm going to let you embarrass me . ♪
