 I got one ! Okay , kids . Put away the dust motes till tomorrow . It 's story time . Today 's storyteller is a space captain who grew up right here at the orphanarium . Welcome back the bed-wetter of Building D , Turanga Leela . Hi , kids . What book would you like me to read first ? We don 't got books no more . What ? He means " anymore . " Look , sometimes you got to choose between eating and reading , so they ate the books . Just make something up . Make something up ? Um . Okay . Once upon a time , there was a , uh ... Princess ? Yes ! That ! A one-eyed princess in a long , flowing tank top . And she lived in a magical one-room ... Castle ? Yeah , if you believe the listing agent . Anyhow , one day , the princess went off to tell a story . And then , that 's exactly what she did do , that . And they all lived happily ever after . The end . Miss Leela ? I have a question . Yes , Albert ? That story was bad . That 's not really a question . That wasn 't really a story . I 'm sorry , kids . I 'm not a natural storyteller . But I promise , I 'll make up a better story and come back again . Please don 't . See you soon . I 'm sure I 've got a great kids ' story in me . I just need to think of three of some kind of animal . Concentrate , Leela , concentrate . Fry , I 'm writing here . Do you have to play that ? Yes . It 's the only song I know . Look , friends . I accidentally learned to tap dance . Zoidberg , I 'm trying to ... Time for my 4 : 21 daiquiri ! Guys , guys , guess who just got commissioned as a tugboat ? Oh , yeah ! Pachinko break ! Tokyo crazy balls ! Yes ! Oh ! Good , Leela , you 're here . I 'd like to describe my foot pain . My left has a sharp , jabbing throb near the bunion , while the other 's got a searing pain like gout . Maybe it 's too much albumin because of gravity ... Ugh . Even if I had a pen , I couldn 't write under these conditions . I 'm going to some other planet where I can concentrate . Searing , searing pain that feels as if it were in a vice . Well , that was rude . Warden Vogel , I have a new story for the children . I 'm sure they 'll like it more than my last one . They liked hunger cramps more than your last one . Anyhow , you 'll have to wait . The kids are busy right now . Is the organ-harvesting clown here ? Nah , Rusty comes on Tuesdays now . Today it 's the owner of the Tickleodeon Kids Network . Okay , kids , get ready to be subjected to our new fall shows . Mr. Funny-Bunny here will gauge your reaction by bombarding your brains with harmless snuggle rays . He gives me a nice , warm feeling in my eyeballs . Popular Slut Club . Oh , my God . There 's Jake Finkelberg ! He 's so hot . I wish he wasn 't my brother . Popular Slut Club . Look ! Up on the drive-thru menu ! It 's Captain Mega Meat and his young ward , Bottomless Boy . Hurry , Captain ! A skinny kid needs our help . Super-size me ! From the " Rowdy " Roddy Piper Daycare Center in Glasgow , Scotland , it 's Extreme Toddler Wrestling ! Ahhh ! Thanks for the brain scans , kids . Don 't have any children for the next couple of days . All right , boys and girls , enough fun . Your old friend Leela is back with a brand new story . Hi . It 's great to be back . I think you 'll enjoy this one . No ! Please . Can 't we just get our organs harvested ? It 's about some cute little creatures from a land called Rumbledy-Hump . Kids , let 's meet the Humplings ! My name is Ladybuggle and I huggle all my friends I 'm a silly spring named Doingg and my bouncing never ends Doingg , doingg , doingg They call me Princess Num Num I 'm as sweet as sticky buns I 'm Feffernoose . Hello . I 'm scared of everyones Feffernoose . What about me ? Hey , it 's Garbly . Everyone loves him 'cause they can 't understand him . It 's nice to meet you . We 're here to make you laugh and think and smile and learn and sing And laugh and learn and smile And think and other happy things Say more things like that . Okey doke . One sunny , funny day , there was an unfamiliar visitor in Rumbledy-Hump . Today we learned that folks are not as different as they seem The space gorilla 's just like us Although I breathe chlorine Wow , I can 't believe you imaginated all that stuff . Will you come back again and tell us more stories , and also adopt us all ? Of course I 'll tell you more stories . I 'll go think some up right now . Holy moly ! Lady , you don 't know me , but my name is Abner Doubledeal . Wait , I know you . You 're Abner Doubledeal . I brain-scanned those little nose-pickers during your story , and , sister , their enjoyment glands were squirting like Broadway road kill ! Aw ! They were ? Say , you seem like a smart mark . How 'd you like to make it into a TV show ? Sign here on this Supercuts coupon . I don 't know . Don 't I need a degree to write gibberish for toddlers ? Come on , Miss Leela . Don 't be a ' fraidy cat like Feffernoose . Okay . I 'll do it to show you kids you can succeed at anything , if you just luck out hard enough . Welcome to the glamorous , big-money world of basic cable TV ! I 'm going to need that pen back . Working on a real TV show is so exciting . I 'm on a mostly natural high . These costumes are gonna make it hard to go to the bathroom . I 'm not having any problem . We 're shooting in five minutes , and this Leela broad hasn 't even delivered a script yet ! Sweet zombie Jesus ! Like it 's not hard enough to make a freakin ' TV show for under 50 bucks . Damn it . I 'll call you back , Grandma . Nice of you to show up , toots . I mean that sincerely . It 's just that I 'm in showbiz . Sorry , I went to my quiet place to write . Here 's the script . Ugh . You writers make me sick . Nice job on the script , though . Places , everyone ! Okay . Cheap lights . Off-brand camera . And non-union action ! I like ice cream . And I like lollipops . And I like you , Princess Num Num . Ew ! I 'm all licky-sticky ! I don 't understand . When I like something , I lick it . Like this raccoon . Doingg , don 't lick things that don 't want to be licked . But how do I know what to lick and what not to lick ? It 's very simple . If it 's alive , don 't lick it Like a horse , a turtle or a cricket I like turtles ! So , if you 're not sure if it 's alive or dead Poke it with a stick and lick the stick instead Now I get it ! Ow ! Well , that 's all for today . But before we go , let 's do everything we just did two more times . Leela , that was great ! Even I have to admire the performance of me , Bender . The show looks so cute . Kids will love it ! And it looks so cruddy , their ironic hipster parents will " love it . " Thanks , guys , but let 's be realistic . We all know any TV show that 's even slightly good gets canceled . Sometimes two or three times . Leela ! Tomorrow 's ratings just came in from the future . We 're a hit . What ? My show is a hit ? What are you , deaf ? It 's gonna be bigger than SpongeBot SquareBolts . I interfere with pacemakers . Baby , I hope you like drowning in caviar , 'cause that is how you 're gonna die . Welcome back to the Young People 's Choice Awards ! In a moment , the award for Outstanding Sext Message . But first , the nominees for Best New Kids ' Show are ... Yo Gimme Gimme , The Adventures of Pit-bull and Scaredy Squirrel , Dora the Destroyer , and Rumbledy-Hump . I hope you win , Leela . Thanks , Fry . It 's nice to have the support of viewers like you . I 'm the star of the show . Shh . And the Slurmie for Best New Kids ' Show goes to Turanga Leela for Rumbledy-Hump . This is Turanga Leela 's first nomination and second time in high heels . Wow . I feel so lucky just to have been nominated alongside so many inferior shows . And to all my young friends at the orphanarium , thank you for inspiring me to be your hero . Slurm her ! So , wait . You play a high school student who 's also secretly a rock star , who 's also secretly a massage chair ? No . I play a high school student who 's also secretly a rock star . But in real life , I 'm a massage chair . Mmm . You ever made out with a tugboat ? Guys , I didn 't have time to mention it up there , but I want each of you to know what an honor it is to work with me . Sweet ego of Montego ! Someone build a wind farm in front of her mouth ! Leela , I mean this , you 're the greatest creative mind since blah , blah , blah-bity blah . But it 's 2 : 00 a.m. , and you still haven 't written tomorrow 's episode . Well , you can 't expect me to write it here with everyone talking so loudly about how great I am . Sorry . I 'm taking the ship to my quiet place so I can be alone . You non-creatives can catch a bus home . Non-creative ? Ha ! I 'll have you know I Bedazzle my own underpants . That was a hell of a massage . Maybe the best that ever was . Say , where are we ? Rumbledy-Hump ? It 's real ! I love eating vegetables , don 't you ? They 're like crunchy , green water . I don 't like them ! They 're icky-yuckie ! Now , now , Garbly , if we don 't eat our vegetables , we won 't grow big and strong , like Feffernoose . I have to be big and strong to fight off the monsters . Did somebody say monsters ? This will make a great episode . But talk slower , I can 't type that fast . Well , well , well . You didn 't make up that TV show . You just wrote down what these space twerps said . Oh , hell . Leela said a Rumbledy-Hump no-no ! Sometimes when we 're mad We say words that are bad And " poo-poo " and " pee-pee " and " penis " and " gay " Those are the 98 words we don 't say My God ! You stole all your ideas from those poor , innocent creatures and hogged all the credit ? I underestimated you . Wait . I can explain . Nah , don 't ruin it . I 'm loving the hypocrisy . It 's like catching an evangelist in a whorehouse . That was the best Christmas ever . You know I hate lying . But those orphans were so proud of me , I couldn 't bear to let them down . At least Reverend Pickens had the dignity to jump out the whorehouse window with his pants around his ankles . Who 's your friend , Leela ? He sure has a shiny metal bumbledy-boop . They 're so cute and harmless . No wonder you feel safe ripping off their act . Bender , I feel bad enough already . I 'm just messing with you . I love that you 're getting rich off of them . 'Cause now I can get rich off of you . Oh , Lord . From now on , you give me half the gross , or I 'll blow your cover . Fine . You 'll get your cut . I don 't really care about the money anyway . I just want to show those poor , disadvantaged orphans that they can succeed In life . Ugh . You are the worst kind of rich person . Be it parsnips or peppers or kale or zucchini I like to relax with a spinach martini 'Cause we love our vegetables And cut ! That 's a wrap , everybody . Ten minute break , then we shoot season three . Leela , you may have become a Lady Gaga-esque fame hag , but you sure cheered up those orphans . Nice job . Thanks so much for inviting us to the taping . The kids haven 't been this excited since Food Day . Thanks . They 're my inspiration . But not your only inspiration , am I right , Leels ? Is somebody standing on me ? I do love inconveniencing the underclass . Well , we 'll be on our way after we dig through your trash for aluminum . Okay , kids , delta pattern . Go ! Go ! Go ! Miss Leela ? Yes , Sally ? I want to show you the story I made up . That 's Gumdrop , Sticky , Candycorn , Sourball , and Jujube . They 're brothers and sisters and they live in Butterscotch Hollow . Sally , that 's wonderful . You came up with that yourself ? Out of thin air ? How ? You were an orphan , and now you 're the best writer ever . So I knew I could write , too . Thank you for being my hero . I can 't do this anymore . I don 't blame you . Having to wear a costume made from a hollowed-out walrus . Everyone , I have a confession . I , Turanga Leela , winner of a Young People 's Choice Award , a Peabody Jr . And two Training Emmys , am not what I appear to be . There 's something I need to show you . Uh-oh . Continuing my confession , this is the hardest thing I 've ever done . Harder than creating the bestest show in the world ? I didn 't create anything . I stole it . Stealing is a form of creativity . No , it isn 't . Guys , come on out . Holy moly again . Hello , Leela . I was just telling my friends how they shouldn 't eat food off the floor . Should we sing a song about it ? Yes , please . No need , Ladybuggle . Say , what 's going on here ? This planet is the real Rumbledy-Hump , and these creatures are the real Humplings . All I did was write down their adorably repetitious hijinks . You lied ? Like Doingg did when he stole Garbly 's pet pinecone ? You told them about that ? I should have told the truth right away . These simple prairie folk have a simple prairie-ish life here , and I was wrong to exploit it for profit . I 'm as sad as an upside-down smile . You mean a frown ? We didn 't have a word for it , until now . To think I put on an unflattering cupcake costume for you . To think I borrowed money from you . I was going to ask you to marry me . I guess if you can 't make up stories , I can 't neither . I deserve this . And more . Keep it coming . Wait a second . As a big Hollywood TV producer , I think I know how to remedy this ethical lapse . So if you don 't want a tapeworm or intestinal bug Don 't eat pastrami that fell on the rug And cut ! Ta-da ! We got us a reality show . No writers , no actors , no problem . Doubledeal , this is disgraceful . You can 't just rip off their real lives and put it on TV . Who said anything about ripping them off ? I did . I 'm paying them . Gather around , gang . Here are your paychecks . I can finally afford my speech therapy . And the health plan covers my generic Prozac . Electricity , plumbing , our lives are a jillion times better . And it 's all thanks to you , Leela . Don 't thank me . I should be punished . I 've corrupted you and taught the orphans a terrible lesson . What orphans ? The kids were all adopted . They were ? By who ? Come on , kids , let 's get this place cleaned up for the next episode . Albert , pick up that pastrami and put it back on the craft services table . You 're the boss , Daddy . Oh , God , what have I done ? You 've given us a new father and a full-time job , which is more than most kids have . But ... We love it here , Miss Leela . This is the funnest planet in the whole world . Don 't hug me ! I 've done a horrible thing ! For God 's sake , somebody teach me a lesson ! We love Leela ! We love Leela ! We love Leela ! No ! We love Leela ! We love Leela ! We love Leela ! English - US - PSDH
