 Justin : Thing is , no one exactly knows What happened to the crying man that summer . Some say that he drowned in the lake , But others say that they 've seen his ghost , Wandering these woods , in search for his lost sister . Actually , they say if you 're quiet and listen real hard ... You can still hear him crying . [ wails weakly ] [ laughter ] Mr. Cross , that was , like , the worst crying man ever . Really ? I thought it was pretty good . You guys think we 're kidding . Just remember to stick close to the campfire tonight , okay ? Hey , guys . Do you hear that ? Hear what ? That humming sound . Stay here . I 'm gonna take a look around the campground . What humming ? W-where 's mr . Cross going ? He 's just trying to scare us . [ chuckling ] so lame . [ hands clap ] Come on , guys . Grab a s 'more . Well , that 's for you . Ooh , I want the marsh- - ooh , marshmallows ! Now , I know - - tommy , I know you like chocolates . Here . Don 't hog the marshmallows , okay ? Mm-hmm . [ electricity crackles ] [ cross screams ] Everyone to the truck now ! [ wind rushing ] Go , go ! Go ! [ electricity pulses ] [ screams ] [ all screaming ] [ panting ] Mr. Cross ? Mr. Cross ! [ insects chirping ] Come on , guys . Let 's go look for him . Boy : Whoa . Is he nuts ? Stay close . Mr. Cross , are you okay ? Mr. Cross ! [ electricity humming ] [ screaming ] Ohh ! [ engines roaring ] Working up a good sweat there , sir ? I don 't sweat . I glisten . Blood pressure , heart rate , biochems - - all normal . All that 's left is the blood sample . [ treadmill beeps ] You should know - - I 'm not a fan of getting poked . Tell me , sir - - Have you been feeling under the weather lately ? Why ? I just noticed from your chart That you 're not due for a general physical For another three months . I made a mistake - - took a call from my physical therapist . Asked how I was feeling . I said , " a little rusty . " Next thing you know , I 'm wired to this hamster wheel . Well , you can officially tell your physical therapist That you 're fit as the proverbial fiddle , Especially for a man of your age . A man of my age ? That 's something you say to an old person . Is it ? [ chuckles ] Well , let 's get you some electrolytes , shall we ? Huh . Sorry , fitz . It 's close , but it 's just not right . Really ? 'cause agent coulson had no problems . It 's an ounce too heavy . An ounce ? Seriously ? It 's the difference between success and failure . When you 're on a rooftop with a 15-mile-an-hour wind , Your target is 500 yards away - - Yeah , but we do have a rifle . Lose the ounce . Yeah , okay . On it . " lose the ounce . " [ as ward ] I 'm agent grant ward , And I can shoot the legs off a flea from 500 yards , As long as it 's not windy . [ laughs ] [ laughs ] [ normal voice ] hey . That 's a sound I haven 't heard in a bit . Yeah , well , you wouldn 't be laughing a whole lot If you were living in ward 's doghouse . You made the rounds , apologized to us all . What more can he ask ? I don 't know . Mm . I have been busting my ass , Memorizing every s.H.I.E.L.D. Protocol manual , Following every order . " yes , sir . " " no , sir . " I even let them tag me like a stray dog . I mean , I know I lied to you guys , But I was trying to protect my boyfriend . You know , we all make mistakes . And who ca- - I don 't care - - Who cares about your ex-boyfriend ? It 's not like I 'm comparing ward to miles , But at least with miles , I didn 't have to worry about passive-aggressive stuff . There was no mind games . Mm . We spoke the same language , you know ? Yeah . Yeah , a bit like we do . Totally . You and simmons are so tight , It 's like you 're psychically linked . No , you - - no . Actually , no . I don 't think so . So , ward was here ? Let me guess - - the night-night pistol again ? Yeah . Oh , yeah , and he said it was off by an ounce . [ scoffs ] of course he did . [ as ward ] I 'm agent grant ward , And I could rupture your spleen with my left pinky - - Blindfolded ! [ laughs ] that is dead on . Hey . Hustle up and grab your gear . We 're on a mission . Something funny ? [ normal voice ] poor , silly fitz . He mistakenly left a dummy round in the pistol . Should be proper now . Great . Thanks . [ stifled laughter ] Coulson : Troop leader 's name was adam cross . Apparently , he said he heard something in the woods , Went to check it out . That 's where the electrostatic anomaly occurred . What I don 't understand is , usually , They 're caused by a massive electrical storm ... But there wasn 't a storm Within a thousand miles of here last night . This anomaly 's different - - It has a side effect we 've never seen before . The battery blew straight up through the hood . Ward : Landed over here . Hell of a force to create that kind of trajectory . Huh . [ leaves rustle ] What are you doing ? I 'm shadowing my supervising officer . Shadowing , not smothering . There 's scorch marks all over that tree . Lucky the whole forest didn 't burn down . I don 't get it . Seems to me like this electroshock thingy Was some freak lightning strike . I mean , why call us ? What 's the big - - [ chuckling ] oh . Never mind . So sad a man died this way ... And yet , so amazing . Fitz-simmons , any idea what could cause an effect like this ? There 's the soliton hypothesis . Well , okay , judging by the horizontal ... Perhaps , nanobatteries - - ... Electrical discharge , it could be - - Time . Let 's try that again . Any idea what could cause an effect like this ? The hell if I know . Uh , no , no clue . Ward : Seems to me like we 're either dealing With some freak natural event or a new high-tech weapon . Or could it be someone from your uber-secret index ? There 's no one on the index with this type of power . That we know of . I 'll contact agent blake at s.H.I.E.L.D. Hq , Have him check it out . Whoever or whatever 's responsible , We can 't let this happen again . Fitz , see his forehead ? Look at that endothelial discoloration . Yeah , same dispersal pattern as the strike on the truck . Could be an entry wound cauterized immediately . Freaky . Freaky . You found something on cross ? Many things , actually , but you already knew that , Thanks to my fancy s.H.I.E.L.D. House-arrest gizmo Tracking my every key swipe , My online activity , my cholesterol . Just wish it came in another color ... Or came off . The victim ? Adam cross - - single , no kids , Originally from wrigley , pennsylvania , Not far from here . Been there . They have a nice little strawberry festival In the spring . Occupation ? Phys-ed teacher at the local high school And varsity baseball coach And troop leader and volunteer firefighter . This guy makes captain america look like " the dude . " [ chuckles ] " the big lebowski . " Seriously ? What about a criminal record , restraining order , Something that might give us a suspect ? [ beeping ] Nada - - not even a parking ticket . I skimmed all his posts , anyone linked to his pages , Hoping for a crazy ex or superpowered stalker , And he 's clean . Everybody looks clean on their first go-round . Coulson : Ward 's right . We 're missing something . Dig deeper . You 've been pretty tough on her . She lied to us - - Contacted the rising tide while we were on mission . If she wants our trust back , she 's got to earn it . The background she ran on cross is a good start . Put it up on the server . I want may to have a look When she 's done with her interrogation . Have a cookie . [ door opens ] Excellent timing , sir . I 've been analyzing sagittal and coronal images Of the victim 's brain . What 's fitz doing out there ? He detected a strange energy coming off the body . He 's afraid of it , isn 't he ? It 's the smell ! There 's no shame in it , fitz . It 's perfectly natural to be afraid . No , the only thing I 'm afraid of Is putrid , decaying flesh Corrupting my pristine workspace . [ groans ] Do you remember the last time You brought a dead thing into the lab ? Oh , not the stupid cat again . The cat - - tell him about the cat ! And it 's our lab , fitz . Not yolab . You left his liver next to my lunch ! Guys ! Can we please ... Yes , sir . Um , as I was saying , this is the victim 's brain . [ beeping ] Looks like a burnt baked potato . That 's what happens when it 's hit With close to 2,000 megajoules of electrostatic energy . That 's almost double the power of a lightning bolt . Kid 's clean . You figure out why the body was floating ? Not yet . The molecular density of the victim Was temporarily altered by an unknown energy source . I 'm hoping to shed some light on its effects Once I extract a brain-tissue sample . It 's happening again ! It 's science , fitz ! I have to dissect something . No , the satellite 's picking up Another electrostatic event not 20 kilometers from here . Fitz , what 's the latest reading ? We 're at 324 megajoules and growing stronger - - Dangerous territory , sir . There 's a farmhouse a mile north of you , Right at the center of the signal . That 's got to be it . Skye , dig up everything you can On whoever lives at that farm . We need to know who we 're dealing with . [ beeping ] fitz : Hold on , now . What just happened ? Um , it 's gone . What 's gone ? The electrostatic signal - - It seemed to pulse , then disappear . We need a shortcut . [ beeping ] [ engine shuts off ] [ car doors close ] Door 's barred from the inside . Hayloft 's open . We could ram it with the truck . Or ... Scan the perimeter . Whoever did this couldn 't have gotten far . Barricaded himself inside . Went for his shotgun . He was scared , trying to protect himself . From who ? How did they get to him ? Another burn mark on the forehead . No sign of anyone - - No tracks , no vehicles down the road . Skye , we need real-time sat surveillance On this area right now . Hang on . [ computer beeping ] I think I found something you might want to see first . Sending it over now . [ keys clacking ] The guy who owns the farm 's name is frank whalen . He 's a volunteer firefighter at the same station house As our first victim , adam cross . Our two victims knew each other . They were both responders when the aliens crashed new york . Two victims from the same firehouse , Found in the same weird way . We 're looking for a killer . [ blows ] [ beeping , whirring ] Gotcha ! Hey , um , anyone else notice all the metal Scattered around the body , Like an electromagnetic field was present ? The question is , what created it ? We need to get this body back to the lab as soon as possible . Something about these wounds ... Coulson : Skye , what did you find out about the firehouse ? It turns out they sent an engine to new york With a dozen volunteers after the chitauri invasion , Including cross and whalen . Maybe it has something to do with why they were targeted ? Or how they were killed . You mean like ... An alien weapon ? Coulson : We don 't know that . Let 's just make sure we get to those firefighters Before anyone else does . [ engine shuts off ] [ car door closes ] evening , gentlemen . Agent phil coulson with s.H.I.E.L.D. We were on the ground with you in new york . S.H.I.E.L.D. , right . What 's this all about ? We 'd like to ask you a few questions , Take a look around . Hey , guys . What 's , uh - - what 's going on ? What are you looking for ? A scented candle . Not you . This wound - - something doesn 't quite make sense . Initially , I thought these were entry wounds , As if from a gunshot . But they 're not - - they 're exit wounds . What do you mean ? Frankie 's dead ? I 'm very sorry . You know how it happened ? The same way your other friend , Mr. Cross , died the day before . Which was how , exactly ? I 'm sorry . Your name is ... ? Tony . Tony diaz . You okay , mr . Diaz ? Actually , uh ... I 'm actually not feeling so hot . Ward , cover the back door . Nobody comes in or out . What if this weapon overloaded the brain Past the threshold of its electrical capacity , Causing it to discharge , like an e.M.P. ? You 're assuming we 're dealing with an external source . [ beeping ] I 'm saying it was something from inside him . Something 's happening - - The satellite 's picking up another reading . It 's coming from the firehouse . That humming noise - - you hear that ? No . I don 't . Were you in new york with mr . Cross and mr . Whalen After the chitauri invasion ? Come on . You don 't hear that ? [ sighs ] it 's driving me nuts . Mr. Diaz , are you with me ? [ electricity crackling ] Whatever you 're doing , make it stop . I-I 'm not doing anything ! Where 's the weapon ? The what ? Coulson , I found it . It 's a chitauri helmet . Fitz-simmons , are you seeing this ? It 's not a weapon , Yet it caused a cranial discharge . What are you doing with the helmet ? What , the - - the alien thing ? I-it 's a souvenir . Aah ! Not again ! Answer the question , mr . Diaz - - What are you doing with the helmet ? The first time anyone 's touched it since new york Was a couple nights ago . Why ? It had rust all over it . We were cleaning it . That wasn 't rust . May , don 't touch it ! Sir , he 's not using a weapon - - he 's infected . I think the helmet was the source of an alien virus . All we did was clean it - - I swear . Me , frankie , and adam - - we - - We were bored on the third shift , so - - So we decided to clean it . Adam and frankie ... Mr. Diaz , I 'm putting the gun away now , okay ? Sir , he 's at 600 megajoules and climbing . Sir ? Clear everybody out . Clear everybody out now . I-I 'm gonna wind up like them , aren 't I ? [ breathes deeply ] Why don 't you have a seat ? You have any family - - wife , kids ? Is there anyone you want to talk to ? Anything I can do ? Fitz : Sir , you have to get out of there right now ! He 's going to - - Listen to me . I 've been where you are right now . So please believe me when I tell you You don 't have to be afraid . What are you - - what are you talking about ? Your job - - Gets pretty dangerous , doesn 't it ? Mine , too . I got hurt once - - pretty bad . And I ... I died . Some say it was only for 8 seconds , But I know it was more than that . I know I wasn 't here anymore . I was there . What 's it like ? It 's beautiful . [ electricity pulsing ] You better get going , buddy . Go . [ electricity pulsing ] [ electricity crackles ] [ radio chatter ] [ beeping ] [ sirens wail in distance ] All clean - - no traces of electrostatic energy . What about the other firefighters ? They 'll be quarantined and observed At a s.H.I.E.L.D. Biohazard facility . Um , anyone else notice They 're putting the infected alien thing on our truck ? We 're flying it to the sandbox . Sandbox ? It 's a s.H.I.E.L.D. Research facility across the atlantic . They specialize in hazardous materials . If what you suspect is true , that this is a virus , Then those firefighters could be infected , And they 're gonna need a cure . Find one . Yes , sir . What 's our e.T.A. ? 3 : 37 west africa time . Gonna be a long 4 hours and 26 minutes . You okay ? Fine . I just want this alien thing off our plane As soon as humanly possible . You want to talk about your physical ? Nothing to tell . My physical therapist requested it . He 's updating his files or something . You 'd tell me if something was wrong . [ scoffs ] of course . [ beep ] Simmons : Sir , I think I 've discovered something . Could you come down to the lab ? I 'll be right there . Phil . The fireman - - You did everything you could for him . So , what am I looking for exactly ? Wait for it . [ electricity crackles ] [ chuckles ] What was that ? A groundbreaking discovery ! I believe the firefighters initially contracted the virus When they cleaned the helmet , the friction activating Some long-decaying chitauri organism - - Hang on . These cells are from the bodies of the firefighters ? Brain cells , yes - - the last vestiges of the infection . Some viruses " sleep " inside host cells For years before reproducing , As they did inside the helmet - - the initial source . But what those cells tell us is that we 're dealing With a propagating virus , which means - - The virus can move from person to person . [ electricity humming ] exactly ! And that 's the most exciting part - - How it spreads - - Not through the air or through direct fluid transfer , But through electric static shock . [ chuckling ] it 's like nothing we 've ever seen on earth . I didn 't think it possible a virus could alter Its host 's molecular density and polarity . That explains the floating . I can 't wait till the virologists At the cdc and s.H.I.E.L.D. Hq see this . Sir , is something wrong ? I 'm so sorry , jemma . [ beep ] [ electricity crackles ] [ gasps ] oh , no . [ whirring ] [ blows ] [ tap on glass ] Coulson : Simmons believes she contracted the virus Approximately 36 hours ago when she received An electrostatic shock from the first victim . How much time does she have ? Based on when the firemen were infected , How quickly their symptoms manifested ... Two hours at most . That 's enough time , right ? I mean , s.H.I.E.L.D. Has dozens of labs And scientists working on this thing , don 't they ? They do . How soon can you get us on the ground ? Three hours . Our path to the sandbox has us Right in the middle of the atlantic . Sir , correct me if I 'm wrong , But if we can 't land in time ... Simmons will release a pulse That will blow this plane right out of the sky . We can 't just sit here and watch her die . We have to do something . There 's only one person on this plane Capable of finding a solution for this , And I 'm willing to bet my life that she will . May : She 's just a kid . [ click ] I believe we have a winner . Fast and efficient - - The perfect delivery mechanism . Uh , hey , um , not that it was easy To find a mineralized solution That could suspend the vaccine and conduct electricity . I wish you wouldn 't use the word " vaccine . " It 's really more of an antiserum . [ chuckles ] Okay , so ... These antibodies should be able to target the virus ' antigens , If this bloody alien virus even has antigens . [ electricity crackles ] Come on , now . Come on . [ electricity crackles ] Well ... That wasn 't very cooperative of him , Now , was it ? [ inhales deeply ] Skye : Why aren 't you down there ? They don 't need an audience . You can stay ... If you want . I hate this . I just feel so - - Helpless . Yeah . I wanted it to be a person , some superpowered psychopath - - Someone I could hurt , someone I could ... Punish . That I could do . What I can 't do is protect you guys From stuff I can 't even see or understand . [ inhales sharply ] so , what do we do ? [ breathes deeply ] we wait And get ready . Ready for what ? For whatever it is we 're called upon to do . Coulson , nice to see you 're not dead . Did you get our analysis of the virus ? We did , and s.H.I.E.L.D. Has no record of anything like it . No one does . So it 's imperative it reach the sandbox without incident . In case of a pandemic , we 're going to need it . I 'm aware of that , But I don 't need more orders or ultimatums . I need answers . I wish I had some for you . I 'm sorry , coulson - - I 've been ordered to inform you That if you have infected cargo , you need to dump it . Do you copy me , coulson ? These orders are coming from up top . I 'm sorry - - bad connection . Didn 't get that last part . [ beeping ] Don 't even think it . I don 't have to . That 's your job . [ sighs ] It 's all right . Everything 's gonna be fine . Please stop saying that . I see you looking at your watch . Are you sure you don 't need my help just to - - Are you sure this thing even works ? Yeah , well , you know it does . My device isn 't the issue - - it 's the vaccine . Antiserum ! And all I 'm wondering is whether you calibrated it correctly . Hey , it 's not the device . Hey , don 't put this on me . I was doing just fine , Tucked away in a safe , indoor , non-mobile lab at the academy ! Oh ! Then you had to go and drag us into this flying circus ! [ panting ] Didn 't even pass our field assessments , for god 's sake ! Oh , please , as if I forced you to follow me anywhere . You said , and I quote ... [ high-pitched voice ] " oh , fitz , " it 's the most perfect opportunity " for us to see the world ! We 'd be fools to pass this one up ! " I hate it when you use that voice . That 's not even how I sound . And you were just afraid of going into the field . [ normal voice ] I was not afraid . And don 't you dare act like these last months Haven 't been the highlight of your entire pasty life ! Pasty ? Oh , really ? Well , when did you become so sun-kissed ? [ scoffs ] because I 'm pretty sure that every minute of every day , You 've been stuck in a lab right beside me . At the academy , at sci-ops , this plane - - You 've been beside me the whole damn time ! You have to fix this . I don 't know how , fitz . [ voice breaking ] the antibodies From the three firefighters Aren 't strong enough to fight this virus . It 's born from alien dna . There 's no one ... To create an antiserum from Because no one 's actually survived this except ... The chitauri . The chitauri . Well , the minky bastard who actually wore the helmet Had the virus ... Yeah , and managed to survive Without ever emitting an electrostatic pulse because ... It was immune . Yes . She - - she was just the carrier , like typhoid mary . Uh , " she " ? Well , no , wait . That - - you don 't really think that - - okay , doesn 't matter . Um , so if - - if I can scrape some epithelial cells From the inside of the helmet , we can create a vaccine ? Yes ! Antiserum , but yes . Isn 't that ... Fitz ! No , uh ... You can 't be in here . Too late . It 's done . Just try and do your best To keep your hands off me , yeah ? Fitz , I don 't know what you think you 're doing , but - - I 'm doing what we always do . We 're gonna fix this - - together . [ whirring ] [ electricity humming ] Third time 's a charm . May I do the honors ? [ electricity crackles ] I can 't breathe . We did it . [ electricity crackles ] No . Sir , I know the protocol in these circumstances , But could you please tell my dad first ? [ voice breaking ] I just think My mum would take it better if it comes from him . We 're not there yet . There 's still time . Sir , please . Would you mind if I had a brief moment alone with fitz ? [ crying ] Come on . Let 's go . [ sniffles ] We 'll try again . The electrostatic pulse from the third rat seemed much less , So we 're making progress . If we can calibrate the antiserum ... Antiserum , yes . You finally got it right , fitz . I 'm so sorry . Aah ! May : Agent blake is on the line . He wants to know what 's going on . If you won 't answer , he asked for ward . Sir ... What are our orders ? They 're unchanged . [ alarm blaring ] What is that ? [ beeping ] Someone 's lowering the cargo-hold ramp . [ groans ] Hey . It worked . The pulse just knocked the rat uncon ... Scious . Jemma ? Jemma ! Jemma , it worked ! Please , don 't ! Jemma ! Jemma , don 't ! Jemma ! Jemma ! [ panting ] [ wind rushing ] The antiserum worked , but she jumped ! [ electricity crackles ] Coulson : Don 't get me wrong ! I 'm happy you 're both alive - - truly . And I realize you were trying to save the team , But what you did today - - that was not your call . Just getting you out of the water - - Do you have any idea what a pain it is Dealing with the moroccan office ? Don 't you ever pull a stunt like that again . We 'd hate to lose you , jemma . Thank you , sir . Oh , does that mean we 're to leave now ? So , what did you think of your first time skydiving ? Honestly , I 'd rather not think about it anymore . I thought what you did was incredibly brave . Oh . Well , I-I suppose now 's as good a time as any To tell you that , um , I may have misled you earlier . You see , when I gave you back the night-night pistol , I lied - - it 's still an ounce off . I know . You do ? Of course . After all ... [ deep voice ] I 'm agent grant ward . I just jumped out of a plane without a parachute on And saved your life ! Actually , that 's not quite it . It 's a bit more nasally than that . [ chuckles ] oh . Hello , skye . Ohh ! How was simmons ? Amazingly resilient . You 'd never know she almost died . Experience like that - - it takes awhile to sink in . That her medical report ? Mine , actually . Blood work finally came back . I 'm perfectly normal - - little heavy on the iron . But don 't worry - - You don 't have to start calling me " iron man . " Wasn 't planning on it . My doctors never requested any tests . I ordered them for myself , but you knew that . This piece of paper is telling me That everything 's fine , but ... I don 't feel fine . I feel different . Take off your shirt . Excuse me ? Your shirt ... Unbutton it . [ inhales sharply ] Whether it was 8 seconds or 40 , you died . There 's no way you can go through a trauma like that And not come out of it changed . You know how long it 's taken me to - - I know . The point of these things is to remind us that ... There is no going back - - There 's only moving forward . You fedifferent ... Because you are different . And I was going to do it . I know you were . I had the antiserum , the chute - - everything . I just couldn 't get the straps on . Fitz , please . And , you know , maybe I couldn 't have done The whole " james bond in midair " type of thing . Fitz , shut up . Please , just ... Ward did an amazing thing , yes , But it wasn 't ward by my side in that lab , Searching for a cure . It wasn 't ward giving me hope when I had none . It was you . Hmm . You 're the hero . Yeah ? Yeah . Thank you . We 'll be back in a moment . Blake . Coulson . That 's the best you could come up with - - " we 've got a bad connection " ? I was pressed for time . It 's a bold move . You know our chat wasn 't exactly private . They never are . I don 't know what happened to you in new york , If you really flatlined Or if that 's just what they tell us when we reach level seven , But whatever did happen doesn 't give you license To disobey a direct order from hq . You keep pulling stunts like that , someone might decide To take this little dream team away from you . I 'd like to see them try . That doesn 't sound like the phil coulson I used to know . No , I suppose it doesn 't . Get used to it .
