 SASHA : One must be a sea to receive a polluted stream without becoming impure . Lo , I teach you the Overman . He is that sea . RHODES : What 's the problem ? Did you drink too much last night ? I can hold my liquor much better than you , servicemen . That 's just the rookies , and if you 're not careful , you might end up like them , barfing your guts out inside your suit . Watch and learn ! I 'm about to do some maneuvers only big boys can pull off ! ( REPORTERS TALKING INDISTINCTLY ) ( SCOFFS ) You 'd better give up and admit defeat , Rhodey ! Your War Machine is all about firepower , not speed . It 's too heavy ! You might as well admit it . You 're never going to catch me ! Just watch me ! ( GASPS ) ( GRUNTS ) Gotcha ! ( GROANS ) You keep forgetting one thing , Tony . It 's not just speed that counts here , I 'm an Air Force pilot with a whole lot of experience . I have years of training under my belt , in actual combat conditions ! You 're a novice who only just got his license ! ( CHUCKLES ) No fair , shooting repulsor rays ! STARK : You said you were experienced in tactics ! You didn 't see that coming ? Imagine if outbreaks of violence , murder , and terrorism could all be detected and prevented before they ever took place ! It sounds like science-fiction , but it 's not . We 're here to introduce the new Howard satellite , developed by Stark Industries . This technology will enable the S.H.I.E.L.D. detection program to monitor every event and the full range of human activity , all over the planet . But there are those who are already calling it the ultimate spy satellite . Privacy-rights advocates have demanded that Stark Industries scrap its deployment . Tony Stark responded to those accusations in his presentation last night ... I named this satellite " Howard " after my Dad , who always watched out for me . ( PEOPLE GASP ) It 's a tribute to him . And for a particular reason . He believed in the concept of personal freedom . The Howard satellite has not been designed to infringe upon that right . Instead , it 's an all-seeing eye in the sky with one job , to identify and prevent trouble before it occurs , 24 hours a day . Once it 's launched and activated , it will provide relief to the victims of crime , and protect countless lives all over the world . ( APPLAUSE ) MALE REPORTER : Tony Stark , the CEO of Stark Industries , who is also known as Iron Man , is claiming the launch of his new satellite will provide endless benefits to ordinary citizens ... MALE REPORTER 2 : With many questions unanswered , there is much anxiety over potential violations of privacy ... FEMALE REPORTER : People are wondering whether they 're able to trust this man , who has a background as a weapons dealer . MALE REPORTER 3 : There is an undercurrent of anxiety that the satellite was developed for some secret purpose . There are those who say there is great danger in putting all of our faith in technology . Who will be in control , man or machine ? Here comes Tony Stark in his Iron Man armor , and Colonel James Rhodes , flying his War Machine ! Obviously , they are both here to reassure the public . ( ALL GASP ) ( GRUNTS ) ( LAUGHS ) Glad you 're still alive . Not as much as me . Who the hell are these guys ? They 're targeting the Howard . I 've run into these bastards before . They 're armored mercenaries who call themselves the " Raiders . " They must be paranoid that we 're gonna be able to track their activities . ( STATIC CRACKLING ) RHODES : They 're jamming the radio waves ! HILL : Data interrupt ! We 've lost communications ! Scramble our interceptors and get them out there . ( YELLING ) Rhodey ! Great work ! It 's time for us to have a little chat , my friend . If you answer nicely , you might survive this interview . You 'll be in prison , but at least you 'll still be alive . Am I supposed to be scared ? My boss is more powerful than you . He 's far surpassed your capabilities . He 's that good , is he ? Maybe I can find a job for him in my company . We 'd have to settle a few things first , like a claim for damages . ( SCOFFS ) We 've only just begun . My boss is going to smash your satellite into pieces before you have a chance to play with it ! If he 's that powerful , why is he so afraid to show himself ? MAN : Oh , he 's here . Rhodey ! Take care of this guy , will you ? Hey ! Have all staff except necessary personnel evacuate immediately ! We 're about to launch the satellite ! Yes , sir ! Who 's there ? Only authorized personnel are allowed in here ! ( GASPS ) CHIEF : Fuel update ! FEMALE STAFFER : Complete , sir ! CHIEF : Launch pad status ! MALE STAFFER : Ready to go ! ( STAFF TALKING INDISTINCTLY ) FEMALE STAFFER 2 : Fire flow complete ! MALE STAFFER 2 : Countdown continuing . 25 ... 24 ... 23 ... 22 ... 21 ... 20 ... 19 ... MALE STAFFER 3 : Wind speed , eight miles per hour ! FEMALE STAFFER 3 : Purging energy supply pipe ! MALE STAFFER 4 : All systems are green ! CHIEF : Acknowledged ! Good morning . Huh ? ( ALL GASP ) And goodbye . Huh ? What the heck ? JARVIS : Unknown phenomenon . No reference in the database . Possible presence of erosive biological cells . ( GROANS ) ( PANTING ) ( GRUNTING ) ( SCREAMS ) No one escapes . ( GASPS ) ( GRUNTS ) I won 't let you do it ! ( GROANS ) ( GROANING ) JARVIS : Power is down . Energy reserves at 55 % . Who is this guy ? JARVIS : Insufficient data . Genome DNA extract impossible . Cannot read base sequence . Unknown gene region . Centrifuge is required to continue analysis . ( GRUNTING ) You must be some kind of monster ! How could you sacrifice so many lives for a single satellite ? Hey , you ! Say something ! The leaders of all fascist companies appear to have similar eyes . ( SCOFFS ) The eyes of smartass kids also seem the same . People who place their faith in high-technology , like you , should be placed in museums with the rest of the fossils . Actually , coffins would be better . And kids who are all mouth , like you , should be sent to the Stark School of Re-Education . I am Ezekiel . Ezekiel ? I promise you , I will be dancing around your coffin as they drive in the final nail . I will then hold a wake in the offbeat style you so favor . ( GROANS ) I 'm not done with you yet ! Goodbye . ( GASPS ) Shoot ! What the hell is this ? RHODES : Tony , where are you ? What happened down here ? What 's going on in this place ? I 'm done on my end ! Tony , are you down here somewhere ? STARK : Don 't come any further ! What ? Are you in trouble ? What 's that ? Tony ! FURY : I don 't believe this . The control tower 's gone ! FURY : Any signs of life ? HILL : I 'm afraid not . Wait ! I see some movement down in the rubble ! It 's Tony Stark ! He made it out , sir ! Iron Man is alive ! FURY : Send Black Widow to pick him up ! And hurry ! We need to debrief him immediately ! ( GASPING ) Come on ! Where are you , Rhodey ? Come on ! You 've got to be here somewhere ! I 'll find you , no matter how long it takes ! If you 're alive , answer me ! Natasha ! Help me find Rhodey ! Please ! Stark ! There 's no time to waste , we have to get out of here . Fury has ordered me to escort you to the helicarrier . HILL : The medical team will continue to search for survivors , but casualties are expected to rise to more than 300 people . STARK : Nick ! Rhodey died ! Right in front of me ! And so did a lot of other people . Who the hell were these guys ? All their signals were blocked by a very powerful electromagnetic field . I was hoping you could give us some guidance . He was a smartass kid . His armor was weird . It was very advanced , I 'll tell you that is something I 've never seen before . It was techno bio-organic matter , combined with manmade mechanisms ! FURY : Techno bio-organic armor ? STARK : I 'm gonna find that guy . And when I do , I 'm gonna make him pay for Rhodey ! Nick ! What 's going on here ? What are you up to ? You 're not leaving this complex , Stark . Not until S.H.I.E.L.D. has worked out exactly what 's going on . STARK : Are you suggesting I had something to do with this ? We have more questions . What happened just now is being broadcast everywhere . It 's being played out on every news channel on every television across the planet . If we don 't provide an explanation some high-up heads at the Pentagon are going to roll . Just routine procedure , of course . Business as usual . They have enough heads . Believe me , they can afford to lose a few . That 's not the most important thing now . We need to get hold of that kid before he causes any more damage . And that 's exactly what I 'm gonna do ! Go after him . STARK : Nick ! Will you call off your pit-bull ? For God 's sake ! I don 't have time to mess around ! That 's too bad . I 'm the only one who has a chance against that smart-ass kid 's technology ! FURY : You probably won 't believe it , but I 'm telling you the truth , I 'm not enjoying this one bit . There are rules . And whether you like it or not , I happen to be duty-bound to obey them . There 'll be hell to pay if I let our only witness get himself killed . You government workers sure have a tough job . ( GASPS ) JARVIS : Homing missiles locked on and tracking . STARK : Thanks a lot for the update ! Wanna play ? ( GASPS ) PILOT : Commander , he 's gone ! We 've lost him ! Natasha ? ( GASPS ) Sorry , Natasha . Stark ! STARK : I need to teach that kid the greatness of technology . I 'm going to have to find out where its weaknesses are . EZEKIEL : How 's the art coming ? I 'm still working on it . I love art , but I don 't intend to become an artist . After all this time playing around , I realize I don 't have the talent for it like my uncle . EZEKIEL : You shouldn 't give up in frustration . Your body has the DNA for it . SASHA : There 's something I 've finally come to realize . Even with talent , you need chaos to give birth to a dancing star . I 'm not sure I have it . BOTH : Someday , man will no longer give birth to any star . By the way , I see they managed to launch the satellite after all . The Raiders couldn 't control the reinforced functions I gave them . However , it 's still early in the game . I 'll be preparing another offensive . SASHA : Tony Stark . EZEKIEL : Tony Stark . He seems to be in possession of a wide range of technological icons . And one of the high-tech graven images these people place on an altar to worship , is his new satellite . SASHA : He 's the high priest of technology . EZEKIEL : Yes . But it 's a conceited and foolish misunderstanding . Technology and the people who give birth to it are nothing more than false idols , leading society to disaster . ( SCOFFS ) It 's a tiresome task . But these people must be taught the truth . ( FAINT WHISTLING ) Huh ? ( GASPS ) STARK : I need your help ! Excuse me ? Check the black market for bio-related products . PEPPER : You promised me a full week 's vacation ! And anyway , aren 't you supposed to be in Utah for the launch of that new satellite you developed ? I 'll make it up to you , Pepper . I 'll tell you what . This year , you can have the villa and a whole support staff . Thanks , but you already gave me that to make up for losing last year 's vacation . I did ? Okay , then how about I rent you an entire village or something ? Please , Pepper . It 's urgent . What 's going on here ? I 'll tell you inside . FURY : How long is it before the Howard goes online ? HILL : Everything should be active within four hours . FURY : We 're going to use that satellite to find its maker . As of now , priority one is capturing the fugitive Iron Man . PEPPER : Poor Rhodey . I can 't believe it . STARK : I can 't believe he was such an idiot for letting that kid get him . I could 've taken care of myself . He didn 't need to come looking for me . You 're saying the killer was a child ? Yeah , some know-it-all kid ! There was something about him , though , that was very intriguing . The bottom line is , if he was able to create a technology that I 've never seen or heard of before , he deserves a little respect . His sense of design isn 't really my cup of tea . But his results are . As you know , I 've dealt with some shady vendors in the past . But Rhodey was the exact opposite . He was a straight arrow . All the time I knew him , he never broke the rules or left the straight and narrow . I admired him . He really believed in the dream . Rhodey was a government worker and a normal person . I 'm nothing but a rich genius . The worlds we lived in were so different , it 's amazing we got along at all . He was a good friend , but I 'm not sad about it . I 'm fine , really . It 's a shame , though , that I lost someone to race against . I guess I should have let him win some of the times . PEPPER : Tony . STARK : That suit was made of technology I 've never seen before . Nanotechnology ? Biotechnology ? No . It was nowhere near as simple as that . He had inserted the integral DNA of living organisms into a material based on the functions of a human body . It couldn 't be done in a normal research facility . Could he somehow be using mutated cells ? No ! He 's synthesizing them in a molecule assembler ! If not , it wouldn 't be stable . Tony . I need you to authorize access . STARK : Stark , vocal authorization . Nanomachines , nanotechnology . Here 's something on human-mech hybrids . There 's research being done all over the world , but no one has announced a practical application . I haven 't heard of any successes , either . But I have to believe my own eyes . What I saw was a definite breakthrough . It merged biotechnology and mechatronics . Customized artificial neurons were working in conjunction with the human nervous system . He was controlling them perfectly . PEPPER : A.I.M ! It 's a company called Advanced Idea Mechanics and they 're the largest supplier in the black market . They 've been researching biotechnological hybrid armors for a long time , in secret . In recent years , they 've continuously invested vast amounts of capital . Does your data indicate where their research facility is located ? PEPPER : Let me see . Karachi , Pakistan ! There 's a secret lab there ! The facility is being fronted as a warehouse for medical supplies . But actually , they 're involved with chemical warfare research and the sales of illegal weapons . I 've downloaded map coordinates in case you plan to pay them a visit . Thanks , Pepper . You can return to your vacation now . PEPPER : Are you going to be okay on your own ? STARK : A kid misbehaved . An adult needs to discipline him . You 're a kid yourself , Tony , an obstinate , stubborn kid . Are you going to scold me , Pepper ? Why do you keep putting me in that position ? I don 't want to be the only adult in this relationship . It 's intriguing , though . I find I 'm drawn to more mature women . Especially when they 're beautiful . ( BOTH GASP ) STARK : Darn it . ( WATCH BEEPING ) Tony . HILL : Iron Man is not responding . All signals are being blocked . FURY : Damn it ! Teams Blue and Gold , cover all escape routes ! Team Red , move in on my command . Capture and contain ! PEPPER : It 's S.H.I.E.L.D. What did you do this time ? STARK : Something awful , I imagine . PEPPER : I suppose it 's too late to apologize . ( SCOFFS ) MANDROID : Confirming as our target , Mr. Tony Stark . Checking profile . Target identified . Mr. Stark , please throw away your weapons and surrender immediately . Please comply . Please comply . You can leave your belongings with us . Please comply . You can leave your belongings with us . STARK : Sorry , Nick . I don 't have time to waste right now . I 'll pay for the damages . I have to go . Fire . ( GRUNTS ) PEPPER : There goes my vacation . Predictable . Don 't you ever knock before you enter a room ? ( CHUCKLES ) HILL : All Mandroids have lost position of Iron Man . Visual monitors are disabled . Switching to motion sensors . ( BEEPING ) ( GRUNTS ) Hey , boys , I 'd love to keep playing . But I think it 's time to excuse myself . Sorry , Nick , but I had to do what I thought was necessary . I think you need to improve the A-One on the Mandroids . After facing off with them , I have to say , they seem a little vulnerable to me ! ( BEEPING ) HILL : All Mandroids have been annihilated . Get me special agents Barton and Romanova . Right away , sir . So , Miss Potts . Is your boss free any time in the near future ? I 'm afraid he 's fully booked for the next three years or so . Of course . Being Tony Stark , he never follows his schedule . Then he blames me when he misses his appointments . FURY : There 's something I want to show you . I was trying to tell your crazy boss about this , but he appears to be blocking all communications . One day he 's going to go off half-cocked , and run into something unexpected he can 't handle . SASHA : They herald the coming of the lightning , and perish as heralds . Lo . Lo . I am a herald of the lightning . SASHA : I am a herald of the lightning . I feel good today . It 's so beautiful . With the Technovores , I will have great power . I will be able to control any machine , using the interface built into this armor . So . Are you ready to go ? Yes . I will now be able to infect the satellite and bring it down . We will grind these oppressors and their techno gods to dust . It 's up to you , however , as to where you want to use it . Obviously . Excellent . We have a deal , my friend . Tell your associates A.I.M. says hello . ( GASPS ) What 's wrong ? ( GUNSHOT ) ( GRUNTS ) Shit ! It 's the Punisher ! How did he track me ? We 're being blown to bits over here ! You need to send reinforcements right away ! What do you mean , 10 minutes ? Nobody 's gonna be alive here in 10 minutes ! We need them in 10 seconds ! ( GASPS ) What do you think you 're doing ? Let me handle this , Punisher . I don 't need help from a company president who can 't stay out of the limelight . These guys are scum . They don 't deserve to live . Punisher , I don 't disagree with your feelings . But I need some answers before you wipe ' em out . I have all the answers I need . Get out of the way . If you shoot , I 'll blast you from here to Tokyo ! Fine , go ahead . I appreciate it . All right . Let 's get this over with while Punisher 's still in a good mood . I need to know about the men who hired you . Do you think an A.I.M. man would give up the identity of his clients ? Come on , Stark ! You of all people should know what would happen if I were to do that ! Let me guess . You 'd never be able to do business again . Permanently ! I figured . But thanks for the directory anyway . ( YELLS ) Nice work . So , neo-terrorists . Techno-organisms , buyers of body armor . Let 's see who you 've been dealing with . Ezekiel ? Ezekiel . Wait a minute ! I know that name ! But I 've got a dossier on him , if it 's any use to you . You 're sure about that ? I remember that name , too . As a friend , you 'd let me read that dossier ? Huh ! Now you 're a friend ? The same friend who threatened to blast me from here to Tokyo ? I guess our job is done . Let 's get out of here . ( TYPING ) How can you drink this coffee ? It 's like sludge . It 's military issue . Drinking it at night in the jungle used to calm me down . Actually this place kind of reminds me of a jungle . Here 's the file . I found it . STARK : Ezekiel Stane ... Stane ! Wait ! Obadiah Stane 's son ? PUNISHER : That would be pretty disgusting . This nutcase turns out to be the son of your old partner ? STARK : Obadiah went crazy . I had no choice at the time . I had to kill him . Are you telling me he 's that Ezekiel Stane ? But he 's supposed to have died in an aircraft accident ! At the age of 16 ! PUNISHER : His father had a lot of assets hidden around the world . Having inherited all that , I 'm sure a clever kid like him would know how to put it to very good use . Nowadays , a little cash can make the impossible possible . STARK : You 're right . There 's no denying that . PUNISHER : Looks to me like this kid has been burying his trail for a lot of years . And now he shows up in the form of a sociopathic super-genius . There are rumors he injected his brain with nanobots to make himself smarter than he already was . According to this , he 's involved in a wide range of shady research . From synthetic drugs to nanotechnology . One of his interests is techno-organic armor . What a surprise . He won 't be an easy opponent to handle . I 've been after him for six months and I haven 't been able to pin him down . Let me try something . PUNISHER : What are you looking for ? I 'm hacking directly into the S.H.I.E.L.D. network . I figure if I cross-reference your dossier with the data in the network I might be able to find out where he is . ( SCOFFS ) Computer geeks are something else . HILL : Thirty miles to Karachi . FURY : Log note , I 'm briefing Agent Natasha Romanova , and Agent Clint Barton . Here 's the update , it 's been confirmed that Stark has joined forces with Frank Castle , known as " The Punisher . " That weapon-crazy lunatic ? Although I hear he 's not very good with a bow and arrow . I want to get out of this country as quickly as possible . If it 's discovered that we 're violating the airspace of a sovereign nation , it 'll cause an international incident . You have 40 minutes to complete the mission and get back to the ship . PUNISHER : Shanghai ? I don 't get it . What would he know about a place like that ? We had a weapons research center there , until I decided to close it down a few years ago . Then someone bought the property and built a luxury hotel there with a penthouse suite for wealthy VIPs . The hotel 's privacy is as tight as a Swiss bank . The land itself was apparently purchased by Obadiah Stane . You see how effective a little bit of cash can be ? Thanks for everything , Frank . The next time I come , I 'm gonna bring you a bag of the best coffee in the world . Hello , we 've got company ! STARK : Oh , boy ! I knew they 'd come , sooner or later . They sure seem to have a lot of time on their hands . See you . Wait ! JARVIS : There is an object approaching from behind . Is it a missile ? Negative . ( YELLS ) Bulls-eye ! Some freakin ' arrows caused this much damage ? JARVIS : Conducting system check . So glad I installed a protective force field . Give up , Stark , and come with us to see the Director . You really think he 's going to come along willingly ? JARVIS : System interrupt . Initiating forced shutdown . Hold on , wait a minute ! Stop fighting . There 's no way you can get loose . You might as well accept it . The game 's over , buddy . We 're taking you in . Listen , Stark ! In the helicarrier 's medical bay is ... Watch out ! You 're not too good at this , Stark ! Crap , he 's getting away ! Tell me something . Are you trying to be as obvious as you can ? What do you mean , Stark ? I thought you liked the attention . STARK : Not when I look like five miles of bad road ! Well then , hang on , buddy ! ( TIRES SCREECHING ) What 's your problem , mister ? It 's over , Stark ! If you join forces with a crazed vigilante killer , no-one 's gonna take you seriously as a hero , buddy ! PUNISHER : That son of a gun ! Don 't do it , Frank ! They 're just following orders ! I 'm not trying to kill them ! I just want them to know we 're not about to surrender ! Shit ! You ready ? Leave it to me ! ( GRUNTS ) HAWKEYE : Bingo ! ( GROANS ) HAWKEYE : All right , guys ! If you don 't want to get hurt any further , you 'd better come out ! PUNISHER : ( GRUNTING ) We hear you . But before we do , here 's a little gift ! ( HAWKEYE GASPS ) ( GUN COCKING ) ( GASPS ) You bastard ! Thanks for the compliment . Now throw down your weapons and raise your hands ! Did you hear me ? Good girl . You , too ! Fine . You jerk . Don 't think you 're gonna get away with this . Bunch of bleeding-heart S.H.I.E.L.D. weaklings ! If you disrespect me again , I 'll ... ( GRUNTS ) If you don 't want a tunnel bored in your head , throw your guns away ! Whatever . I don 't need them now , anyway . I guess I was able to buy enough time . ( GASPS ) JARVIS : Power reserves now recovered to 40 % . Good , now go ahead and re-route force field reserves to thrusters . JARVIS : Affirmative . Come back here ! NATASHA : It 's no use . Your arrows won 't reach him . HAWKEYE : Darn it ! JARVIS : Power reserves fully recovered . All systems are now optimal . I 've wasted too much time . NATASHA : I can already hear the boss dismissing us , sarcastically . HAWKEYE : Yeah . It makes me want to bore a hole into my own head . PUNISHER : You owe me , Stark . Payback won 't be cheap . EZEKIEL : I hear a soft breeze . And that wind gathers another soft wind . I can sense our destiny . We come together with that wind . Listen carefully , Sasha . Can you hear it , as well ? STARK : Jarvis , have you got anything ? JARVIS : Readings are unclear . There 's interference . Wait , there is a slight reaction . It could well be a living organism . STARK : That doesn 't help me much . ( SNICKERS ) Hey , boy ! I came to see you . Why don 't you turn the lights on for me ? When I was young , I played hide and seek . I hid in the dark garage for so long , I fell asleep . After a while , my mom , Maria , came to look for me . She was worried sick . Did your parents do the same for you ? EZEKIEL : I 've never played hide and seek . JARVIS : Five meters behind you , the air shifted . And the room temperature changed slightly . STARK : Where did you come from ? Did you use magic ? My mom was very upset by my behavior . I worried her with my appearances and disappearances . If you keep this up , your Mom will get upset , too . Or your Dad , if he 's still around . EZEKIEL : I don 't hide from anyone . You 're simply not looking in the right place . STARK : Really ? This is starting to feel more and more like a kid 's game to me . I told you before , I 've never played hide and seek . And my Dad that you speak of , I suspect you know who he is . ( GASPS ) You might as well say his name . STARK : Obadiah ! That is correct . He can summon up a hologram , just like that ! You want revenge ? Revenge ? Why would I want that ? STARK : Because I killed him . You knew that . Wait , that 's right . You were involved , weren 't you ? I remember now . You 'd forgotten that ? It wasn 't as important an event in my life as you might imagine . We weren 't actually that close . STARK : Then why are you targeting me ? EZEKIEL : Don 't be so conceited . What ? EZEKIEL : I wasn 't targeting you specifically . It 's just that you were standing in my way . I don 't understand . What are you saying ? But he killed Rhodey . Even if it was just a prank , some things cannot be forgiven ! ( GASPS ) JARVIS : Rapid power decrease . System error detected . What 's going on ? Synthetic alloys and unknown biological entities have invaded the system . EZEKIEL : Technovores . JARVIS : Power source and all sensors have been compromised . STARK : Technovores ? This armor is pretty well made . STARK : Who do you think made it ? I 'm impressed . For someone like you , it 's good . I realize you can 't move . But believe me , Sasha will still be impressed . STARK : Sasha ? This must be your pride and joy . The arc reactor . ( GASPS ) ( BEEPING ) STARK : Don 't you have anything to say ? Like how you think Tony Stark is a genius ? ( RAPID BEEPING ) I must say , it 's very well made . For you people , that is . STARK : What does that mean " you people " ? I 'll have you know ... EZEKIEL : Adam and Eve ate the forbidden fruit , and as a result , they were expelled from the Garden of Eden . And 160,000 years ago in Africa , Mitochondrial Eve was born . The ancestor of humankind . STARK : Very impressive . Did you study the history of mankind in college ? EZEKIEL : Now there are over seven billion people on Earth . STARK : What does that have to do with anything ? EZEKIEL : You asked what I meant when I said " you people . " That 's what I was referring to . STARK : You talk as though you 're not a part of the human race . EZEKIEL : That 's exactly how I feel . I think I 'm different from the rest of you . STARK : Then what are you ? It 's somewhat hard to describe , really . But if I were forced to explain it in words , I guess I would be a breeze . STARK : A breeze ? I 'm a little confused , can you elaborate on that ? EZEKIEL : Sasha would also be a breeze . STARK : Who is this " Sasha " you keep referring to ? A girlfriend ? EZEKIEL : A gentle breeze that caresses your skin . And ruffles up the grass and trees . STARK : I see . I have no idea what you 're talking about . But I 'm beginning to understand one thing . Obadiah wasn 't a very attentive father . He let you get lost in a world of dreams . EZEKIEL : You represent the dinosaurs of the past . I , however , represent the future . Dinosaurs of the past ? You should consider retirement . STARK : That sounds pretty good to me . I could relax in a nice , quiet place . In fact , I actually tried that once . But my personal assistant just won 't let me . EZEKIEL : This time , I 'm afraid I 'll have to override her . You 'll retire for sure . You understand the situation , don 't you ? New wind , new future . A brand new world is created to go with the brand new future . A completely new technology will be created . The old will die out , and the new will be born . That is the providence of nature . A superior technology to that of man . Howard will be the whistling arrow that announces the new reality . You should be honored . The wind that follows is going to blow away ( GRUNTING ) your most advanced technology . Howard will be the shot that leads the way . Hey . Obadiah was lucky he didn 't hang around long enough to see this . New technology , you say ? Technovores , you called it ? Don 't make me laugh . The birth of mankind . Refinement of steel . Computers , biotechnology . The things you call old technology have all been linked and accumulated to create your " technovore . " ( GROANING ) It 's not new at all . The truth is , it 's only been born and exists because of the past . You think you represent a brand new form of existence ? You 're mistaken , kid . You 're no more advanced than the rest of us . You were born from human parents . EZEKIEL : So ? STARK : You 're just a petulant child throwing temper tantrums . And just like a child , if you 've been bad , it 's an adult 's responsibility to correct you . You would do that ? I don 't think so . Be quiet for a second . ( STARK GRUNTING ) ( STARK GASPING ) JARVIS : Part of the system has been restored . Where ? Search for the area that 's functional ! The missile ! JARVIS : Locked on target . EZEKIEL : Foolish man . Do you know what will be written on the brass plate that gets installed on your exhibit in the museum ? " Here lies a fragment of Iron Man . " But only if someone is able to identify those fragments after I blow you up . STARK : You spoilt kid . I don 't want to put the curators of the museum to that much trouble ! ( EZEKIEL GIGGLES ) EZEKIEL : Perhaps if we had had more time , I could have taught you a few things . Well , it 's time for goodbye , Tony Stark . There 's still quite a bit of work to do . ( EZEKIEL GASPING ) STARK : What 's wrong , boy ? ( GASPING ) JARVIS : Invading technovore now being removed . Restarting system , restoring circuits . Energy charge in three , two , one , complete . STARK : What 's the matter , boy ? You look like you 're in trouble . Do you need the hand of an adult ? EZEKIEL : I don 't believe I do . The future is full of uncertain elements . STARK : It 's okay for a child to rely on adults . Send energy to the reactor ! Force field deployed ! ( GASPS ) Hey , where did you go , boy ? Hide and seek time is over ! You went too quickly . ( EZEKIEL CHUCKLES WEAKLY ) EZEKIEL : You can 't break me ... And you 're unable to change the future because that timeline 's already written . ( CHUCKLES ) It 's a blessing your father 's not here to witness this all play out . HAWKEYE : That 's enough , Stark ! It took long enough but we finally caught up with you ! You 're coming in with us to see the Director or I 'm gonna add an extra hole in your head ! STARK : All right , William Tell . You made your point . I 'll go , but only if she takes me in . ( SNICKERS ) OBADIAH : You only got 98 on your test ? Without a perfect score , you 're the same as the other idiots ! Go to your room and reflect on your shortcomings until dinner . I thought you were much better than this ! You 're a disappointment ! ( BREATHING HEAVILY ) Did you listen to me ? I told you never to touch my Monger ! You little fool ! This Monger is worth 10 times as much as you ! ( GASPING ) STARK : My God ! I can 't believe what I 'm seeing ! Rhodey survived that attack ? Has he woken up at all ? He 's being kept alive by the life-support system but so far we haven 't seen ... Hey , Rhodey ! Rhodey , can you hear me ? If you don 't wake up you 're gonna die a loser ! You can 't die without beating me in a race at least once ! That would be shameful ! Tony ... STARK : Wait a minute ! How ' bout this ? If you wake up , I 'll concede the next race to you ! I 'll introduce you to a beautiful woman , too ! You just tell me which model on which page of that magazine you were looking at ! Anyone at all ! Except the girl on page 10 . I 've got dibs on her . Just don 't tell Pepper ! Other than that , anybody you want ! ( ALARM BLARING ) Hmm ? All stations ! An unknown program is hacking into our system ! Shutting off communications ! Starting antivirus program ! Initiating defense protocols ! How are the main servers ? We can 't stop it . Someone breached our security and is invading our systems . Technovores . Ezekiel 's Technovores are the invaders . FURY : What ? I 'm sure the servers have been taken over by now . It 's too late . FURY : Damn it ! ( GASPS ) HAWKEYE : He 's gone ! Where did he go ? OPERATOR : The Howard is under attack ! ( SHUDDERING ) What 's happening ? HILL : Initiate Guardian program ! OPERATOR : It won 't start ! The firewall is about to be breached ! If we don 't do something immediately , all the systems in Howard will be taken over ! EZEKIEL : I 'm right here . Look around for me . My , my . ( GUNS COCKING ) You 're not very observant . I 'm right beside you . ( SHUDDERS ) HAWKEYE : Above us ! ( GASPS ) Are you okay ? STARK : Yeah , here 's the problem . Howard has the power to access every computer in the world . FURY : Including military satellites . Exactly . He 's planning to make Howard the source to hack into the world 's military satellites and control them . Ezekiel called that the wind . The wind ? He 's planning to wipe out everything that lives on this planet ! ( GASPS ) What happened to the server room ? HILL : I haven 't been able to get a response . Hmm . Mmm ? FURY : Stark ! What are you planning to do ? STARK : I 'm going to fix the computer so we can use it . If I can divert the power of the arc reactor and aim it at the Technovores , I can annihilate them . I 'm pretty sure I can survive for five minutes without this old heart of mine . After that , ( CHUCKLES ) I guess it 's straight to heaven ! HAWKEYE : I can 't tell the situation from here . What do you want to do ? I guess we should return to the bridge . ( GASPS ) STARK : Ezekiel is definitely coming here to target us . JARVIS : Warning ! Warning ! Power reserves decreasing rapidly ! FURY : Ezekiel ! STARK : He 's here ! ( COCKS GUN ) Hi there , " Old Man " Tony ! Stop this , now ! FURY : Where are Clint and Natasha ? They 're tucked away safe and sound . What ? Don 't worry about them . STARK : Connect it . ( WHIRLS ) Good , Maria . Now re-boot the Howard . ( SCOFFS ) OPERATOR : Rebooting Howard , sir ! The Guardian program has also been initiated ! You people are determined to try and get in my way somehow . Come here . Sit down . You and I are gonna have a talk ! Right now ! No matter what you think about your father I can tell you Obadiah loved you very much . It was a pretty straightforward bargain . He was human and you were his son ! EZEKIEL : Was that all ? Isn 't that enough ? You 'll achieve nothing if you throw away your history . I have personal experience . I was only able to move forward by accepting my father . And you 'll only create a new world by accepting the past and building on it . ( EZEKIEL GIGGLES ) EZEKIEL : A relic like you is lecturing me about the future ? How amusing ... Why should I listen to someone irrelevant ? ( LAUGHS ) ( GASPS ) ( EZEKIEL SCREAMING ) The Technovores ! Why ... Why are you betraying me ? Together , we could have defeated them . I can 't see anything , feel anything . Sorry , Ezekiel . The wind has stopped . OPERATOR : I 've lost all instruments ! I have no control over the helicarrier ! It 's losing altitude ! ( GASPS ) Shoot him ! Come over here ! This way , you bastard ! ( STRAINING ) Hurry up , Maria ! JARVIS : Reactor detected . Power reserve at 15 percent . I have that much ? That 's it , pal . Playtime is over ! OPERATOR : Propulsive force still inoperable ! Too many engines are offline ! FURY : Where are we going to land ? OPERATOR : Shanghai , China ! FURY : Contact the Chinese government ! Have them evacuate everyone ! Tony , what 's going on up there ? JARVIS : Power dropping rapidly ! Now entering red zone ! ( STARK PANTING ) Emergency ! Emergency ! Emergency ! Well , that 's it ! This kid needs some serious disciplining ! ( GRUNTS ) ( STARK GRUNTING ) ( RAPID BEEPING ) JARVIS : System error ! System error ! Danger ! Is it really going to end here ? Am I done for ? My body won 't move . ( PANTING ) Rhodey , is that you ? Rhodey ... Guess I must have overslept ! Remind me to reward you later for waking up , old friend ! Rhodey ... How did he ... STARK : Rhodey ! ( GRUNTING ) What in the ... Wait , Rhodey ! STARK : What the hell ... RHODES : What 's happening ? Whatever it is , we 're gonna have to put an end to it , right now ! STARK : Let 's go ! VOICE : Peace to everything . Fear ... Leave it to me , you powerless immature beings . I will bring prosperity to all . I will proceed with salvation for all . I will break free . I will realize the salvation of all . I will break free . I will merge . Repeat , technology has already been released . Stupid has been closed . Ezekiel ! JARVIS : Power reserves at seven percent ! Red zone ! Re-charge immediately ! Re-charge immediately ! RHODES : What is this guy saying ? STARK : Rhodey ! Do you understand what 's going on ? We have to conserve our energy resources ! RHODES : But we can 't just let him destroy everything ! STARK : Stop wasting bullets ! RHODES : What are you talking about ? What are we supposed to do then ? STARK : I don 't know what we can do ! I 'm trying to think of something ! VOICE : ... final ... universe ... reincarnation ... HILL : We 've lost control of the Howard ! VOICE : Powerless and immature beings ... Prosperity ... I will proceed with the salvation of all . STARK : He 's replicated it ! HILL : He 's using the Howard to control all the other military satellites in orbit ! I 'm confused ! What 's this all about ? Is he planning an attack ? STARK : Ezekiel , you said that a new wind would create a new future . Is this how you plan to reset the world ? Destroy everything and start all over ? HILL : All of the military satellites have been repositioned ! He 's preparing to attack ! VOICE : ... world ... technology ... I will start ... FURY : He 's completely insane . He 's going to destroy the world . RHODES : Tony , we should save our nail clippings . STARK : What ? RHODES : To be filed with our wills . As keepsakes . STARK : I hate to bring this up but why would we do that ? There won 't be anyone left to give them to . I thought it might be something Pepper could remember us by . STARK : Wait a minute . Pepper ! ( RAPID BEEPING ) Wills ... Leaving something behind ... ( GASPS ) Of course ! Pepper ! Pepper , can you hear me ? Yes , sir . STARK : Are you focused enough to help me one last time ? PEPPER : Anything but dictation . STARK : You 're an amazing secretary but it 's a little more complicated than that . I 'm not surprised . You can 't do anything without my input . STARK : I want to give you a present before I die . Huh ? STARK : What 's the one thing you 've never had since I 've known you ? What do you truly want , more than anything else ? What do I want more than anything else ? That 's easy . What I want is a vacation ! VOICE : Vacation . Vacation . Vacation . Vacation . Vacation . Vacation . Vacation . HILL : We 're starting to regain control of the Howard ! STARK : Good job , Pepper ! I was able to get through Howard 's back door ! PEPPER : What back door ? I 'm not all-powerful . I 'm an imperfect human and I realized a while ago that I had to be careful . I programmed a back door into the satellite to protect it from unauthorized users . When did you set up my voice as the password ? STARK : You talked in your sleep when you passed out at your desk . ( SIGHS ) I don 't remember that . You wouldn 't . But I was able to uplink my armor to the Howard at the time . You 've earned that vacation twice over . PEPPER : Thank you very much , Mr. President . HILL : The particle-beam cannon on the Chinese military satellite is about to shoot ! STARK : I 'm only able to control one satellite and I won 't have control for long ! I want to show this guy something I have that he doesn 't ! RHODES : Are you out of your mind ? What are you gonna do ? STARK : This is gonna be our last chance , so listen carefully ! HILL : The Technovores are trying to take over the Howard by hacking in ! FURY : How much time do we have ? Tens of seconds , that 's all . I 'm counting on you Rhodey . Okay ? All right , Jarvis , pull the trigger ! JARVIS : Affirmative ! Tony ! STARK : Here we go ! Hope your little nap didn 't affect your aim ! RHODES : Aim at what ? All right , it 's aligned . STARK : Rhodey ! This is it ! You 've only got one chance ! Let 's do it ! Release the energy of the arc reactor ! The Technovores reacted . Aim for the crack ! Careful ... HILL : All missiles are ready to launch ! FURY : Rhodey , we have no time ! You have to shoot ! STARK : Do it now ! It 's our last chance before the world ends . Shoot ! HILL : All missiles , armed and ready ! FURY : Rhodey ! STARK : Bear down and shoot ! Everything should work now ! ( GRUNTING ) Launching ! Tony ! ( WHIZZING ) ( GASPS ) RHODES : Yeah , the last thing I can remember is watching the bombs go off . I guess the Technovores decided they needed to repair you before they could override your system . And in the process , it looks to me like they saved your life . That was fortunate . Now it 's your turn to recover ! At least you 'll be taken care of by a bunch of hot nurses ! I 'm glad you 're okay , Tony , but if you do anything like that again , I 'll kill you myself . I hear you , Pepper . When a child is bad , you need to scold him . So , you 're finally getting it . You 're an obstinate child who needs discipline . PEPPER : And it 's an adult 's duty to provide that discipline . Do you hate women who scold ? Not really . All boys look up to authority figures . Especially when they 're as beautiful as you . PEPPER : Don 't forget , now . You promised me a vacation . STARK : Of course . So where do you want to go ? I 'll take some days off , too . PEPPER : ( CHUCKLES ) What ? STARK : Let 's take a vacation . Just the two of us . How ' bout it ? PEPPER : Is that an order , sir ? STARK : No . It 's more like a suggestion . Well then , I suggest you and I pack up . SASHA : The insane man shut up and looked at the audience . The audience also shut up and looked at him . DOCTOR : He regained consciousness last night . He has a visitor today but there 's been no change . He 's still mentally deranged . SASHA : He finally threw his light against the ground . The light shattered and died out . This tremendous event is still on its way , still wandering . It has not yet reached the ears of men . Deeds , though done , still require time to be seen and heard . This deed is still more distant from them than the most distant of stars . Still , they were able to do the deed . According to the people , this insane man forced his way into various churches that day singing , " Requiem . " The wind !
