 - Many years after Peron , and after the disaster , Argentina is plunged into a structural poverty . - Men and women suffer from hunger and the children are born ill - To endure the uneasiness of the people , the government decides to take up again on the benefactor model of the golden ages . - The Project of School Education for an Exemplary Country is created . - Consisting of ten state-owned schools to which only the children who have been sponsored by the very same President Perón have access . - Only one child of each family will be able to get Perón as his Godfather , - But before he will need to undergo an admission examination to be carried out every October the 17th . - Facing the national situation the country and the families are restructured : - Popular auctions are organized where children are traded for goods . - Attention , ladies and gentlemen ; the auction is coming to an end , please , come closer to the stage . - Auction ! - We 're ready - Hello , Esther ; can you hear me , Esther ? - Hello , are you there ? hello , can you hear me ? - The next last exhibition of the evening - The next last exhibition of the evening , I said - He 's brand new , fellas , we got him barely two weeks ago - This little bird is so gentle to get trained - Doesn 't show any behaviour problems - Nor diseases - Vaccinated and sterilized - with the exception of a few minor details - this baby is ... - He is as good as new - Gentlemen , I 'm open to offers - Here , man , an Aurora Grundig TV - A vacuum cleaner - Do I hear a vacuum cleaner ? - A respirator , the artificial respirator - I 'm sorry ? Please , louder , sir , I can 't hear you - A multi blender - A set of impalators - A set of impalators back there , do I hear more ? - Impalators , you can 't get any better , sold ! - Impalators , calling the last offer - Impalators - Come on , the boy is selling out - Hi Esther , this one is not good - He 's too thin , let 's keep on holding - We 'll keep on waiting , Esther - Kid going one - Kid going two - Kid going three - Let 's give a hand for the new parent ! - Go on , wave - Congratulations , sir - Get down now - No , no - Get down off the stage , damn it ! - Last item - Our last buddy tonight - Ladies and gentlemen - A rarity - I would dare to say - A diamond in the rough - The icing on the cake - A gem , I don 't know . You decide - I can only ask you a big hand for this cub - Here 's the one - The latest in stock , ladies and gentlemen - Barely two weeks ago the family gave him up - Notice he has no handicaps , no faults - Besides , watch - Behold - He is absolutely complete in one piece - Arms , head , legs , backside . Absolutely everything - And that 's not the only reason - Besides he can read - He can write - And solves equations in a minimum period of time - Just like that , only eight years old - This is the one ... - The one , we 're taking this one - Eight cute and lovely years - I 'm open to offers - This one starts on a Zanella motorcycle - Speak up , ladies and gentlemen , do I hear more ? - A ministereo - A vacuum cleaner - A ministereo ? No , try harder - A computer - Two computers - A computer ? A computer maybe - Maybe but , try a little harder - My car - A car , a car ? - A dialysis machine is better - My wife , then - Do I hear more ? - My house in the suburbs - A picture signed by Evita , an Evita photo - Come on , let 's go , a little higher , higher and harder - Do I hear more ? - A house in the countryside - Yes , sir - A house in the countryside ? - Yes , sir , a house in the countryside - Unbeatable , no more offers , can 't be matched - Kid going one - Come on , people , everybody - Kid going one , kid going two - Come on , people , everybody - Kid going one , kid going two - He 's got it , kid going three - He 's got it , he 's got it , he 's got it - And the State provided ! - The good fairy , a peronist fable - She came from a distance , she was blonde , she was nice and she was good - She got famous and from her pedestal - She contemplated , she contemplated their grief ... contemplated the grief , contemplated its grief - No clamor was unheard - No , son ! - Do you know this one got traded for a fridget ? - No ! - She contemplated the grief of the poor , eh ... the orphans and ... - And the defenseless elderly - The clamors were unhears and she opened her hands to help the needy - No , son , that 's not how it goes - No , well , it 's ok , he 's nervous - Come on , kid , the next one - you , JD2 - Her life was the ... one of a delicate flower - And her flowing through the Earth ... - No , I got it ! Her life was the one of a delicate flower , and her flowing through this Earth was meant to be short - She departed for immortality on a July 29th , after she had shown us her smile - Sch , what happened ? - Excuse him , Madam , sometimes he gets overexcited and he has a enunciation issue - He knows , he knows it , go one , speak up - He gets overexcited - Mistaking the date of the good fairy 's demise is a statement issue , not a enunciation one - You can 't make up any dates , the date is right or it isn 't - Well ... - Let me handle this , Horacio - Date you should have learned - You say your issue is enunciation ? - I want to know what my kid has to say - I encourage you to ask me if he needs a private teacher - Do you want a private teacher ? Yes ? Yes - You ask me , but not ten days before the sponsoring - And before that you study and recite the poetry correctly , - And then we check on how you recite it , understood ? - Esther , you 're pushing yourself too hard - You give and don 't get anything back - Well , Esther , don 't be cruel , look how he got all embarrased - Look at his face - OK , Esther , give it a break , you 'll get worse - Leave me alone ! - This is no good , I 'm going to kill you , I hate you , all af you , the three of you , I hate you , I hate you ! - Mr Horacio , Mr Horacio ... try the new one , I saw him make an effort - You surely did , Sontag , just like you saw the others - But he accomplished the objectives - OK ... let 's see then , come on ... please , let 's give it a try - She came from a distance , she was blonde , she was nice , she was good - She got famous and from her pedestal she contemplated the grief of the poor , - the orphans and the defenseless elderly , and she wanted to lighten them in their misfortune - No clamor was unheard - And she opened her hands to help the needy - But her life was the one of a delicate flower , and her flowing through the Earth was meant to be short - She entered immortality on a July 26th , after she had graced us with her smile - And ever since then a star has appeared that constantly sparkles in the skies of the homeland - He said it right - OK , the four of us , let 's hug mom - In reward for what you did you 'll get to see all the Mr Favio 's videos - Come on - What do we say when we hug mom ? - Yes - Hey you , isn 't there a hug for the uncle ? - Yes , uncle - Let all be praised the charity works , the social justice , the city of Mar Del Plata , and the peronist homeland - Compañera virgin , today my prayers are sobbings of hope - Amen , compañera , and how have you been since so long ? - Compañera virgin , you saw him ? What did you think of him ? - It is true , he 's got a lot of possibilities , Esther , you have to believe in the child - You know , nevertheless , that the odds are stacked against us , compañera virgin , there 's not much time til the seventeenth - And the neighbors , those snitches , they prepare their kids and they 'll see my boy is the best one - Esther , it 's not good that you compare yourself to the others , you have to be stronger - And having faith in the Divine Providence that will guide you - Do you have any information ? Or you 're going to play with me like with the previous ones ? - No no no , Esther , it 's all an act of faith - My dear , I had faith on the previous ones , and more faith and faith , huge amounts of faith - As much faith as money I spent on fucking burial expenses - Esther , look at how mad you get , it 's no good for you , it 's not good for any of us - Do you remember ? My poor little babies , they couldn 't make it - And you remember it better than anybody else - Watch out for the new one , for this one 's got to last - Esther , it 's not good to keep resentment for issues from the past , full of grace is the future to be wasting time on details - Besides , I didn 't do it ! - What are you looking at ? - What are you looking at ? - What ? I 'm looking at the pictures - What ? You don 't know who they are ? - You don 't ? - They are the previous ones - What previous ones ? - Hey , I thought we were playing " put the Peron 's hands on " - Shut the fuck up ! - I was told - How was your previous family , you remember ? - No , I don 't - Compañero , the sponsoring date is approaching - Remember that by sponsoring your children , you will not only write a page in the history - Of the homeland , but will also access a lifetime pension given by the state - So you and your people can enjoy for generations and comfortably - Of the indescribable pride that your offspring is a president Peron 's godchild - I can only remember my brother from my original family - And where is he now ? - He was one of the good ones - Mom says he 's with the good fairy now - Yes , she also says the virgin took him away - Fucking treacherous virgin - Who is the good fairy - How come you don 't know who the good fairy is ? - You don 't know who is the good fairy ? - She 's the Fairy Godmother of the people - She 's good , kind , supportive and hard-working - Why ? your family never told you about the good fairy ? - No , why ? - What ? she makes whishes ? - Do you have any siblings ? or you 're on your own ? - Last days for the closing of the inscription of the seventy eighth national sponsoring - The dinner will be ready soon ... should I call the Madam ? - Come on , Sontag , get out of the way , please - Should I tell her or not ? - The children , tell the children - The meal will be served pretty soon , wash your hands - Yes , Sontag , right away - Even though I 'm still a small child , three loves I have myself - For them is that I fight and try to improve - Everything I owe to them , the life and as much as I achieve - Three loves in my days , Peron , mommy and dad - Good , very good - Very good - That was cute , still it would be Peron , mommy and the uncle - Tell me , you made this by yourself ? - Eat slower - All by yourself ? On your own ? - Yes , yes , on his own , of course - Sontag , move away - but ... - Listen to me , he 's a creative , how awesome - We still have to go over that uncle matter - It 's not relevant , Horacio . You were saying ? - No , that 's what my mom used to sing to me ... - Before I went to sleep ... - Well , but I imagine you won 't say that to the examiners , right ? - Elbows out of the table - Come on , what are you going to tell them ? - That mommy ... - Mar del Plata ... - On his own , Sontag , leave - That mommy used to sing it for us in Mar Del Plata , while the uncle held us by the hand - On the day that we went in karting to see the sealions - You see how important the matter of the uncle is ? Otherwise he won 't learn it - But ma , we didn 't go in karting to see the sealions - Yes , kids , we did , how poor is your memory - You will mix up 7 if you tell him stories - We recited it all together , don 't you remember ? - I used to sing it for 7 , before the bedtime , yes , yes - There are only ten days left for the National Sponsoring - We 're closer than ever - Pretty soon ... - The kids are locked up home studying - That 's right , watch out for the spelling errors - We want Peron ! We want Peron ! - And now , it is the time for your Secretary of Labor and Social Services - Who will keep on fighting by your side - To see accomplished the goal of my lifetime - That all the workers are a little bit happier - San Peron , San Peron ! - I ask you , I ask you to set up a day of strike - Celebrating the reunion of these men - Who are the most precious hope of this country - Tomorrow , tomorrow is holiday - San Peron ! - Is he already asleep ? - Yes - Let 's go ... - Is she sleeping ? - Shut up , you jerk - Let 's go ! - Go on , shut the door - He 's asleep - You , stay here - And you , check on his toes - Leave me alone ! - Look ! He 's got all the teeth ! - No stains , no burnts , no nothing - Bastard - Look at the boy 's ass - Are you snitches ? - That doesn 't count as a handicap , look , he 's got all the fingers too - No , I think I heard the uncle - What if the uncle catches us ? - What 's the matter ? You 're not a tattletale , are you ? - No , no , no - Well , then , count his toes - Yes - He doesn 't want to get caught by the uncle - He 's afraid of the uncle , he 's afraid of the uncle - You 're such a chicken - No - Let me - Go watch the door - Chick , chick , chick - Stop it ! - shhttt ! - Now the little miss thing thinks she can go away overlooked - Like if people can 't notice you , you patriot whore - And the stupid cunt thinks she can escape - Look at yourself , hybrid of transvestite and wise man - I 'm locked all day , Virgin - Shut up , Sontag , the madam 's going to hear you - Let her hear you , let her hear you - That you happened to keep the dinner service set , some perfumes , - That you steal her pills , her cookies , her tailored suits - If you even have the courtins underneath your bed - You 're so sad , Sontag - No , that 's not true - Yes , sad . Look at me with that dyke face that reminds me of your uncle - Yes , your uncle - Of course , I know . People come and ask - Where are the perfumes ? - And I go , it was Yrigoyen 's great great great granddaughter , the one who stole it - How is this possible ? - Is there a relative to don Hipolito in this house ? - In this peronist house ? - It 's you Sontag , isn 't it ? Yrigoyen 's descent - Yrigoyen 's descent , Yrigoyen 's descent - Poor little thing , it 's true you 're alone , my love - Get off of me you mammooth in heat , look what at yourself - Get out , do I need to spell it ? Get out , you cunt , you 're drooling on me you subnormal - And ? - No , it 's Sontag the bitch , praying to the Virgin - Fat slut - You know ? I happen to know why the fat kid is here - The original family traded him for a fridget - Why ? - I never knew what they traded me for - What ? How do you know ? Who told you ? - I know things , I spied on mom - Yes - He 's complete - Complete ? - Don 't fool around , no way - No - Yes - You know ? I believe this is why they 're going to sponsor this one - Why ? - Why ? - Because he 's complete - The family celebrates their patron 's day - May I please ? Thank you very much - Slow down , children ... you had never came here , right ? - Watch out the umbrella , you 're going to prick an eye out - I don 't want a tie , mom - Well , you 're going to need to wear a tie - Can I eat one , Mister Horacio ? - To the children - Do you want , darling ? - I do - Let 's go - Would you like one ? - Watch it ! - You go up , let 's go kids - Hey , 5 , and what does the good fairy does ? - I told you , she grants wishes to the disinherited - Let 's take it - Session 's open - I declare Mrs. Sontag ... guilty - Death penalty for her - I don 't want to play anymore , Madam - Death penalty - Death penalty - Did you hear that , Horacio ? 3 is going to be a lawyer - And 7 ? - Where is him ? - 7 ? - 7 ? - Help your brother - Hello , Horacio - Ok , you throw , why don 't you shoot a while , Sontag - But I don 't know - Come on over , Horacio - Is this ok , Madam ? - Horacio , take the little ducks - Madam , please - Darling , are you ok ? - What are you doing , Sontag ? - Please - Aim somewhere else , Sontag - The legend says that when Walt Disney came to Argentina - He liked so much The Republic Of The Children - That he based his idea of Disney World upon this place - He was very close to the General , he had a passion for the pampas - There 's Peron ! - Let 's go , come on - Peron ! - Watch out - Come on here , 5 , come with mum - Come on , you 're going to hurt her , 5 - Prepare a cocktail - Fill 7 's up - Uncle ! Uncle ! - It 's ok , Sontag , go and fill 5 's up as the rest of them - Good fairy , if you really exist - If you really are the star in our nation 's sky - That you 're the most generous compañera - The on who grants wishes to the disinherited - Then , fairy , may your good heart make a room for me - Which I 'm going to take care of it even if it 's the smallest one - My dear fairy , forgive me if I hurry or if I 'm being unpolite - But I 'd like you to help me - I want to leave this house - I want to go back with my family - I want them to return the fridget and to be taken instead - So then everything will be just like before the auction - Juan Domingo 7 , are you there ? - Juan Domingo 7 , are you there ? - Yes , I 'm here - Juan Domingo The Seventh , get down from there immediatly - Oh , yes ? get down here ! - Mister Horacio - Mister Horacio , I found him - Get up - Uncle - Thank you - Uncle , uncle , you were imitating Peron - I was practicing - You see that place back there ? Go ask a wish to the good fairy , come on , go - And you , don 't do this to me again - And you , did you ask a wish to the good fairy ? - No - It 's ok , you 'll make it some other time - Come on , let 's go with mom - JD7 had made a wish to the good fairy - How come he 's lost ? How come he 's gone ? - He wanted to leave ? - Where , can you tell me - Well , he 's a little naughty , but it 's the age , negrita - You can 't act like this - He needs to be taught that on patriotic days you have to be with the family , damn it ! - He might be discouraged , poor thing - And please stop yelling - Do you want him to hear ? Damn it - Lay down now , you need to rest - He needs to be encouraged , don 't I give him care and attention ? - Do you know how long we have until the sponsoring ? - One week - But it 's harming you , Esther , I know it 's short - Hear me out , maybe we should not send him and that 's it - What are you talking about , Horacio ? It 's going to be him and you know it so he better gets encouraged , you get it ? - I have to take care of every little thing , damn it - Ok , let go of it , that 's it , lay yourself down now , I will take care of everything - I swear , negrita , you rest - Do you want me to wrap you up ? - Get out of here , asshole , I can wrap myself - Uncle Hipolito , I give myself for the party - Uncle Horacio , Esther - I 'm the good fairy - Leader of the innocence - Escorted by the children - Who live out of my assistence - I came down from my pedestal today - Because I heard a crying - A boy who needs me - And so then your light will shine - Yes - Because I 'm the good fairy - Leader - Of the innocence - Escorted by the children - Who live out of my - Assistence - And I am here - Only for you - Of course , only for you - Who else ? - Yes , my little darling , my sweetheart - The good fairy is here - And she brought her long play - Ah , thanks , fairy - Cool - I 'm so happy - I swear , so happy - Ok , the wish , you came to help me with my wish , right ? - Sure , how could I not help you out ? - That 's why we go quickly to the wishes roulette - For the religious kind of wishes - Conversions , communions and other - Any non-perishable food would do it - Of any kind - Cans of peas or lentils , powdered milk - Rice , noodles - For the sexual kind of wishes - Fantasies , cruisings and others - We are in the category of frozen meat - A pound , half pound - According to the wish - For the love kind of wishes - We are entering the textile area - Still I do some excepcions because this kind touches me - I might add that celebrities and politics - Is a different kind of issue - For moral and spiritual wishes - We 're talking about interchangeable goods - If you have silver I do soul polishing - If you have gold , swithces and full cleaning - And insertion of real values - Though this one is very expensive - As I was saying this is rather expensive - But of course it can be settled - Only when it 's treated with discretion - I am a very open person - And I like to come to a settling - To both of us have a profit , right ? - This is why I propose something to you - A little bit more open than the previous ones - What do I mean with this ? - I propose and you agree - In one way or another - So then , which kind of wish will the kid have ? - And do the boy want to pay for it now or in the end of the session ? - Fairy minute on the air - Why is he crying ? - What happens ? Was it too much to take ? - What 's wrong , you poor thing ? - That 's it , he 's closing up , he shut down - Stop crying , stop crying - Why did the fairy came ? - What happens is I didn 't knew I had to give something - Yes , I know , it 's true , it 's unclear , I have started the arrangements - For this part to be added to the legend - But I do make your wish - You don 't have anything at all ? - Nothing at all - Not even a thanksgiving turkey , nothing ? - Not even a pack of crackers , nothing ? - Not even a can of any thing , nothing ? - Nothing - What I mean is , I can 't be over and over - Oh my God - The same things , over and over , do you understand ? - But fairy , why something ? - What do you mean why something ? Kid , I 'm not going to keep - On working at birthday parties - People is so unfair - They ask , they ask , boy - I 'm going to die - But I thought you were like , I don 't know , Santa Claus - No ! - I am not Santa Claus - That burgeois old fat man who works just once a year - I make wishes , my dear , every single day - Well , don 't you cry like this - Let 's see , what do you want ? - I 'm sorry , fairy , what I want is to leave - Leave ? - And where do you want to leave ? - With my previous family - I get it , you came from the auctioneer 's kids , my baby - But listen - Some children don 't even have one family - Tell me , sweetheart , aren 't you having a bit of an abundance crisis ? - But fairy , isn 't it true that you help everybody ? - Yes , my heart is as big as the whole world - But this is different - Ok , listen to me - I will help you a bit - But there 's not going to be much magic like this - It wouldn 't be fair with the other needles - With those who know that things don 't simply drop off the sky - Then how am I going to do to leave ? - Why don 't you get sponsored ? If you become Peron 's godson , you leave to school - Aren 't you studying for that ? - If they choose you , you leave - There you go , look at that , we came up with the idea together - But fairy , that 's for real ? - Yes , you start studying - They 're going to pick you amongst I don 't know how many unluckies - I don 't know how it goes - And that 's it , out of the house - You follow me , baby ? - Yes , I am going to study , and I 'm going to get chosen from amongst my brothers - And after the president sponsors me - Then when the president becomes my godfather , I am going to go look for my family - Because a future nation leader can go get his real previous family - Yes , my little piece of pachyderm - Every president has the right to find his previous family - We learned a lot - And this is how you become aware of how actually the magic comes from the inside , etc , etc , etc - Now I 'm leaving - Baby , sweetheart , I 'm going to be leaving - Because I have like six more wishes tonight - You know , honey , everything is lovely , but I really need to leave - Yes , fairy , I promise to remember everything you told me - How embarrasing - Well , I need to get going , you tell me later how it went , ok ? - Thank you for everything , fairy - Let me go , the charm isn 't free , ok , bye , sweetheart - And ? Did anybody see you ? - No , nobody - Don 't tell me , we have to beware of another tittletale - What are you talking about ? I didn 't say a thing - How come you 're always talking about the uncle - That 's a lie - Stop it , damn it ! Shut up ! - Morons , we 're going to get caught - They chose him , for sure - I knew it , that traitor - Well , but on top of it , he studies , doesn 't he ? - What side you 're on ? What side ? Traitor - Traitor - Tittletale - Traitor - Enough , damn it ! - Listen , we can 't let that asshole get sponsored - Because otherwise , we 'll get sold again - Because we will no longer be good for sponsoring - No - And what if it happens like with JD1 , or JD4 - Or JD6 , mom always loved them a little less - No , what if the virgin ... no , the virgin no , no ! No , the virgin , no ! - JD2 ! - That 's not going to happen , I 've been thinking of a good one - If the traitor gets sponsored because he 's complete - Then we have to do something so he doesn 't get sponsored - Get it ? - Yes , but we know that already , we have to make him incomplete - Yes , I know , that 's why , we have to think - I 've got an idea , but you have to pay attention - But really , this is no bullshit - October the 14th , 3 days for the sponsoring - To the other side - National sponsoring : the examiners are getting ready to visit the eager pupils - October the 15th , 2 days for the sponsoring - Uncle , I did that model - I gathered the lentils - Mine is burnt ! They burnt it ! - Stop blaming your brother ! - October the 16th , 1 day for the sponsoring - That 's JD7 , that 's JD7 and all of his arms Onward , radicals , onward incessantly - Everybody now , together , with you , Sontag - Long live Hipolito Yrigoyen and the radical party - Our Father who art in heaven Hallowed be Thy name Thy Kingdom come Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven I fought without a break - As a peronist to carry your movement on - May this night of infinite love touches us with the wand of miracles - And let them become real - Yes ! Yes ! Die , traitor , die ! - They got up really eraly , the examiners would be there at any minute - Compañero , I 'm so proud you 're amongst us today - A big big joy - Come on in , please , come on - The whole family is waiting for you , gathered - We 're here , eager for you to join us , let 's go - Well , I am a mother and Spiritual Leader - Of this beautiful human group that is my family - And my brother Horacio , who is the other pillar , to say so - He is the economic and moral supporter , which is very special - That 's so nice to hear , Esther , that 's right , compañeros , it really is - And I am in charge of JD7 's education - Because I firmly believe that it 's very important to my children - And to my brother , and even to the maid , why not - To be able to get involved completely and humblely in their training - I can testify the dedication and the effort - That every single day my sister dedicates to the upbringing of the children - She devotes and dedicates herself to her family - As a truly self-sacrificing mother , an affectionate mother - An accomplice mother , a mother full of courage - A mother who 's a friend , a mother - Eat the pastry , JD3 - It 's not polite to leave it half eaten - Such a mother ! - A mother of everyone and everything - A mother without any kind of restrictions , a mother ... - Well , Ok , Horacio , thanks so much - Madam - Pastries - The children , are they all orphan ? - Well , before we gave them a home - Food , education , shelter and hope , I suppose they were - Ok , that 's enough Madam - I have to say that the pupil Juan Domingo the Seventh - Has found in the heart of this family - Apparently and ideal atmosphere to receive - The blessing that the fate grants to the godsons of President Perón - But to ascertain that the kid deserves to go to the school founded by Eva Duarte - It is necessary to make a test of the structural knowledge - General and particular on the most relevant facts - Of our History , as much as the geographic aspects of our soil - Well , now , we are going to sing Argentina 's national anthem - Kids , the homeland ... - May the success be eternal - The one that we knew how to achieve - The one that we knew how to achieve - Crowned in glory may we live - Or shall we swear with glory to die - Ok , that 's enough , and now the test will begin - It 's over ! - Where the hell do you come from ? - Smile , smile - Silence - Well ... at least an exit poll ? - How are we ? - Just wondering - Would you like to lay down ? - Are you nuts ? - Fine , Madam and Sir , after a thorough exam - I must confess it was not an easy task - Not easy at all - We can say then , that the council decides that the student ... - So many pupils - That the student Juan Domingo the Seventh , is going to be sponsored - By the President Juan Domingo Perón - Yes ! God damn it ! Yes ! - What happens ? What happens ? - Fine , son , thanks - Ok , we have had a really pleasant afternoon - Thank you , my General , I 'm the happiest man alive - Uncle - What is it ? what happened ? - He got sponsored ? and now it is the time for our secretary - Viva Peron , fuck , Viva Peron ? - What is it ? - Horacio ! Horacio - I can 't see - What happened ? - Viva Peron , fuck ! - Call an ambulance - Sontag , what have you done ? - Flags ! Buy the colored flag to support the sponsoring ! - This is all very nice - Come over here , Horacio , leave that camera - Horacio , grab a flag , hurry up ! - Now they enter the children sponsored by the General Perón - Kids , kids , there 's your brother , feel proud ! - You see what your brother has accomplished ? Congratulations , negrita - The children receive the President of Argentina , Juan Domingo Perón - Model 170104 to make the school sponsoring - We divide the country in two categories , one , the one of men who work - The other one , the one who lives out of the men who work - Before this situation we have placed ourselves openly by the side of the men who work - What have you done , asshole ! - Well , now what we are going to do is to sing the peronist march - The peronist people , - united we shall overcome , - and as always we will scream out of our heart - Viva Perón , Viva Perón - Perón , Perón , you are so huge , My General , you are so worthy - Perón , Perón , huge leader - You are the first worker - Ok , you 're going to say goodbye to your families , - bye - Look , look , look at him , he stands out of the rest - That 's because we controlled his diet - There , Horacio , there he is - Fuck , I am going to miss you , you know ? - Yes , uncle , me too - Make all your homework , ok ? - Will you miss the uncle ? - Yes , uncle , I will - Horacio , stop crying , the doctor said it would be bad for you - Ok , go freshen up a bit - Horacio , you 're making a spectacle of yourself , this is embarrassing , move over , will you ? - I am proud of my seventh son , very proud - Juan Domingo the Seventh , you accomplished the goals and you gave me the best present a mother can get - Thank you - We will miss you very much - You have no idea how much you changed since the uncle Horacio brought you home - And that is why today is when you start following your own path - That is so nice , negrita - Well - Ok , mommies and daddies , let 's say goodbye , ok ? - Because we will be asking the students to form in a line - All this family wishes you good luck JD7 - Madam , they are announcing that the children must leave - Sontag , remove yourself out of this itimate moment - Ok , now , go on , say goodbye to your brother - Bye - Bye - Ok , well , mom and dad , I 'm taking the kid away - Let 's go , move on , Sontag , the boy in the cart - Goodbye , JD7 , I wish you good luck - She came from a distance , she was blonde , she was nice , she was good - Ok , we 're done , let 's go ... - Fifth , Second , Third , where are you ? - Let 's go - What happens , mom ? - You know , kids , I was thinking , it 's so early yet and the day is so nice - I don 't know , I don 't feel like going home - We could go to the planetarium and eat some pastries - Yes ! And eat some pastries ! - Yes , please ! - Let 's go to the planetarium , to eat some pastries , mommy ! - What 's wrong with you ? Why are you sad ? - Don 't you like pastries ? Don 't you like the planetarium ? - Look at your brothers so happy and you are all long faced - Come on , now , give your mother a hug - Come on , give mom a hug , I said - And the uncle ? - Horacio , come on , we 're going to the planetarium - Seventh ! - JD5 , come here and help mom - These are the things that happen in Perón 's Argentina , fuck ! - Goodbye !
