 Simmons : In ancient times , people believed The heavens were filled with gods and monsters And magical worlds . Those beliefs faded into myth and folklore . But now we know the stories were true . Other worlds , with names like asgard , do exist . And beings once revered as gods , like thor , Have returned , leaving us with more questions and ... An enormous mess to clean up . Don 't say I never gave you anything . Checking for alien spectrographic signatures One teeny rock at a time . We don 't want anything alien getting in the wrong hands . Still , this is definitely the type of work A monkey could easily do . You 're our little monkey . [ cellphone rings ] [ cellphone beeps ] Don 't give me that look . I 'll talk to them when I talk to them . Talk to who ? Mum and dad . They want explanations and answers for ... Well , all this . But I don 't have any answers . And , more importantly , I haven 't talked to them And if they knew that , they 'd be even more terrified . So , you know ... [ cellphone beeps ] ... Why waste any of our time , really ? You guys may think it 's old news , But it 's new ... News to everybody else . So , asgardians are aliens from another planet That visited us thousands of years ago ? Or more . And because we couldn 't understand aliens , We thought they were gods ? That 's where our norse mythology comes from . [ sighs ] that 's too crazy . Do you think other deities are aliens , too ? Vishnu for sure , right ? You know , it 'd be nice if , for once , Thor and his people sent down The god of cleaning up after yourself . They probably have a magic broom for this kind of thing . I just wish they 'd left their alien ship behind . So we can clean that up , too ? So we could go inside , take a peek under the hood , Maybe take it for a spin . Come on , you 're telling me Piloting an alien ship isn 't on your bucket list ? Coulson : I can 't think of a single time When anything alien in human hands ended well . Wouldn 't mind getting my human hands on thor . He 's so dreamy . Sure , he 's handsome , but - - No . He 's dreamy . [ device beeps ] Fitz , is that , um - - Definitely not from here . Another piece of the ship . What are you doing ? Out of sight Out of mind . That 's why we 're here . Keep everything under control . Now , who would do something like that ? Baby , look . " south of the water , north of the hill ... " " ... A halo of stones " - - " protect the tree still . " Jakob , is this it ? [ engine turns over ] [ chainsaw revs ] [ chainsaw whirring in distance ] [ wood splinters ] We should check that out . Finally , after all this time . I can 't wait to tell the others . I told you it was real ... And that I would find it . Are you ready ? [ gasps ] [ grunts ] [ groaning ] what you 're feeling , don 't fight it . That rage , it 's already inside of you . Don 't be afraid of it . Don 't hide from its power . Embrace it . Embrace it ! [ screams ] Bjorn : God ! What have you done ? [ screams ] I can climb it if you want . Just talk me through what to do with the ... Doodads . Yeah , it 's only about 15 feet . I 'll be fine . I 'm - - I 'm just a bit more wary about the height thing Since falling to certain death . You 're afraid . Hmm ? Shaken up ? It 's normal . But some feelings will take over If you dwell on them . Especially fear . Now , keep your eyes ahead . Focus on what you like to do best . Yep . Not falling . Ward : No , research . You 're a scientist . You like to figure things out . Yes . With my doodads . I 'm curious . Whatever was up in these trees Had to be there for centuries , right ? Radiocarbon-14 dates some of these trees At 9,000 years old . That sounds impossible . Think the tree grew around it ? I 'd have to check the dendrochronology first To know for certain . Uh-huh . Of course . But , I mean , the norway spruce Is a rather fast-growing coniferous , And I know you 're trying to trick me into going up , But I 'm going up anyway , so ... Ward : I 'll catch you if you fall . Screaming , and so much hate in her eyes . And you said she had a silver stick ? Steel , maybe . I-I don 't know . It , uh , had decorations on it . Could you describe or draw them ? I didn 't get a good look . I [ sniffles ] I just ran . [ sniffles ] [ crying ] who would do something so evil ? I 'm sorry for your loss . [ device beeping ] Oh , um , whatever was in here Was definitely not from this world . Fitz , you getting this ? It 's not chitauri , is it ? No , no , no . Don 't worry . This isn 't another viral threat . Um , hang on . [ device beeps ] Spectrographic signatures match readings from ... Simmons , whatever was in that tree is asgardian . I-I can see an imprint of what was embedded . [ sighs ] Scanning for three-dimensional restoration . Tell me when . [ beeping ] When . Um , looks like a staff or a rod . Well crafted . Engraved . I 'll convert it , print a 3-d model . This forest is a protected reserve . I mean , who do they think they are ? Anything else ? Details ? Anything that might help us to find these people Sir , doesn 't look like they 're hiding . [ indistinct shouting ] Sending to your devices now . Female reporter : ... Leaving 20 injured , 3 in critical condition . Reports indicate that the group of about a dozen Was led by this man and woman , And though their motive was unclear , Their message was hauntingly spelled out On the streets of oslo . Well , I guess we know who they think they are . [ indistinct shouting , fire crackles ] Jakob nystrom , 30 . Girlfriend , petra larsen . Leaders of a norse paganist hate group . And their numbers are growing , Thanks to what happened in greenwich And thanks to the internet . Yay , internet , she said sarcastically . Obsessed with anything derived from norse mythology - - Stories of asgard . And now a weapon . The scan only accounted for one side . Too much damage to the tree for complete reproduction . But see here - - it 's clearly broken on both ends . So there are more pieces ? Which means sid and nancy may be looking for a complete set . [ door opens ] The markings ? Asgardian symbolism . Hard to translate with our limited knowledge . You should give your buddy the god of thunder a shout . He gets his power from his hammer , right ? What if this is his nail to the hammer ? I already did . Director fury told me he 's off the grid . And if he has a cellphone , we don 't have the number . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s investigations are on the trail Of nystrom and his followers . We 're charged with identifying the object And finding any other pieces before they do . They seem to have some advantage . They found this thing In 150 square kilometers of norwegian forest . Guys . What if it called to them with magic ? Called to them . We know it 's asgardian , so the rules are a little bendy here . Just because we don 't understand something yet Doesn 't mean we should regress back to the dark ages , Talking of magic and fairy tales . Actually , that 's exactly what we 're going to do . Excuse me ? Really ? When we first found the hammer in new mexico , I consulted one of the world 's leading experts On norse mythology - - A professor at a university in seville . We 'll leave immediately . Maybe he can tell us more about these markings . Well , one must adapt , elena . Recent events have thrown us all for a loop . I thought I was teaching norse mythology . No , turns out I 'm a history professor . So , you 're not going to change my grade ? No . I will give you a week to rewrite it . I think , in general , Little more history , less lit crit . But I do hope we 're still on for dinner tonight . I 've included a list of books there That might help you . I 'll see you later . Oh ! Professor randolph . Agent coulson . Come in , come in . Waterfield 44 . 14-karat-gold nib with mother-of-pearl inlay . That 's quite an eye you 've got . I didn 't know you were a collector . On a government salary , not quite . Well , I 'm assuming you found Something on the ground in london . In a tree in norway . We weren 't the ones who found it . It 's a 3-d model . Oh , that is amazing . I 'd say I 'm looking at a piece of the berserker staff . Let 's have a look . Yeah , the myth dates back to the late 12th century . It 's all about a powerful warrior from asgard . Here . A soldier in the berserker army . Fitz : Berserker army ? Oh , yeah . A powerful army . Fierce army it was . Berserkers battled like raging beasts , Destroying everything in their path . A single berserker had the strength of 20 warriors . So whoever wielded the staff got superhuman strength ? Fighting with it put the warrior Into a state of uncontrollable rage . The staff contained a very powerful magic . Or a scientific attribute we 've yet to discover . Analytically minded and pretty as a peach . The warrior in the story . Well , in the story , he came to earth to fight , But he ended up falling in love . With whom ? With life on earth . Humanity . That when his army returned to asgard , He stayed behind . What happened to the staff ? Well , he didn 't want its dark magic Falling into the wrong hands , So he broke it into three pieces And hid each one in a different location . The manuscript wouldn 't happen to say Where he hid them , would it ? Actually , it does . In three verses . Now , let 's all bear in mind these are poetic abstracts From long-lost ancient texts . So , there is one about a tree , Which they 've found , it seems . Another is , " east of the river , sun overhead , Buried in earth with the bones of the dead . " That 's a bit macabre , isn 't it ? There 's another here . Well , this one doesn 't even have a rhyme . But the gist of it is " close to god . " That could be anything , then . It could also mean nothing . I was hoping for less metaphor , More longitude and latitude . Well , I mean , it does stand to reason To search near viking raid routes , doesn 't it ? Now , there have been some recent interesting findings Of norse relics on baffin island off the coast of canada . Yeah , virtual treasure trove of new artifacts . We 'll start there , then . Thank you , professor . Did you know there 's mount thor on baffin island ? Do you know what 's not on mount thor ? Anything asgardian at all . Our agents on the ground haven 't found a thing . What about you ? Nystrom 's deep-web message boards Are just abuzz with psychos . They believe they 're gonna ascend To be the gods of destruction and death . People suck , sir . That 's your progress ? " people suck " ? And there 's also chatter about going underground . Could mean going incognito or - - Randolph said to check viking routes . There 's some sites along the volga river in russia , Some in kiev , and , weirdly , here . In seville , Spain ? It 's a long shot , but vikings sacked seville twice . We found one promising location with viking relics - - A church built on the ruins of an 8th-century crypt Built on roman ruins from 206 b.C. East of a river . And lots of bones . Let 's see what we can dig up . See what I did there ? Must be nice - - Have a mandatory nap time . Siesta isn 't mandatory . Just very pleasant . How you doing , agent ward ? Wishing I was shorter . Nothing yet . All my readings are normal . What about you , skye ? Any luck ? I 'm lucky my s.O. Volunteered To take the super-creepy hallway Instead of the slightly less-creepy dungeon-room place . I got nothing . Ward , your spectrograph is reading something near you . I don 't see anything . Well , it 's right in front of you . Oh , wait . No . Uh , okay , hold on . It 's moving . Northwest . Visual contact . Ward , turn left . I have a wonderful explanation . Ran into some unexpected com- - [ gasps ] [ groans ] Ward , what 's happening ? His device just went down . Skye , can you get - - already on it . Ward . Are you all right ? [ gasping ] Hey , hey , hey . Whoa , whoa , whoa . Grant , calm down . Calm down , please . Calm down . [ sighs ] [ breathing heavily ] [ shakily ] the staff - - he has it . Something 's wrong with ward . The staff 's gone . Someone took it . Nystrom : I have one , too . He can 't just disappear . [ whoosh ] he 'll have to turn up some- - Where . [ metal crunches ] there we go . A block south of the chapel . Professor . I screwed up . This is ridiculous . It 's anything but . Ward , you passed out . And you were acting not right . Coulson ordered me to give you a full work-up , And that 's exactly what I 'm doing . Um , before you lost consciousness , Were you feeling claustrophobic ? She 's ruling out a panic attack . I don 't panic . Ever . There we go . Ruled out . Touching the staff caused it , right ? Simmons : Any residual effects ? Are you exhibiting any extra s-strength ? Why don 't I find out on that guy ? Why don 't we not do that ? What 's the last thing you remember Before you lost consciousness ? This is a waste of time . Um . We need to find the staff . What exactly do you remember ? Something I hadn 't thought about in a long time . Well , I mean , he just pulled his arm out of this - - [ whispering indistinctly ] Quiet ! I want to hear this . [ beeping ] One of my men is hurt . The staff is gone . I didn 't want any of that to happen . What did you want ? The staff 's power for yourself ? Nothing like that . [ sighs ] You know , I just wanted to be the first to study it , To prove that the berserkers were actually here , A part of history . You think about that . Oh , I 'm thinking about it . Your heart rate 's rising . Adrenaline 's spiking . You need to calm down , not get worked up . [ sighs ] [ breathes deeply ] The memory - - was it about your brother ? Drop it . Ward , if you need to get it out , I am here - - Right . To talk . Because that 's what you do - - talk ... And talk . Don 't you ever get tired of hearing your own voice ? Ward , stop . Simmons : Well ! This makes more sense . Ward , what you 're experiencing , this feeling - - It 's chemistry . Hope so . Yeah , spikes in his adrenocorticotropic hormone . It 's like those stories you hear When a mother is able to lift a car to save her baby . An adrenaline surge can create a massive - - Stop talking ! Just fix it ! We can relieve some of the symptoms . I 'm going to give you 10cc of benzodiazepine . Chill pill . Good idea . A sedative ? Not gonna happen . Yeah , well , be reasonable . Look how you 're behaving . And if I 'm sedated And we cross paths with those juiced freaks , The ones who flip cars and smash people up , Are you gonna take them on ? Keep us safe ? Or am I gonna have to save simmons ' ass ... Again ? That was just a biochemical reaction . He didn 't mean all that . No , I know . No explanation necessary . How 'd they find it ? I have no idea how they found it . They may have the original texts . I wasn 't involved . You know , it was just a chance to uncover something That the gods brought down from the heavens . Aliens brought it . From space . I 've spent some one-on-one time with aliens before . Didn 't work out too well . So cases like this are personal to me . That 's all I know . Get comfortable . [ grunting ] Help me ! Please ! Help me ! Help me ! Please ! Hey , ward ! You should be more careful . I 'm fine . You ? I 'm working it out . [ grunts ] You 're punching things . The last thing you need is to punch things . You got a better idea ? Let me help you . The only help I need is to stop those guys Before they hurt somebody else . [ crowd cheers ] We are the new order ! Our world is being taken by gods ! We will become gods and take it back ! This is the new order ! Are you ready to take back the power ? [ cheering continues ] [ knock on door ] A moment , sir ? Come on in . I 'm concerned that my exposure to that weapon Has compromised my ability to do my job . Go on . You 're familiar with my family history . So , for obvious reasons , I don 't think back to childhood . Ever . There are things I put away a long time ago . On lockdown . Because to do this , I have to be focused , tactical . I can 't be distracted . Especially by things that happened a lifetime ago . You 're saying touching the staff unlocked certain memories . My worst memory . [ voice breaking ] the first time I felt ... [ normal voice ] and it won 't go away . I don 't trust myself . The way I went off at skye and fitz-simmons in the lab - - Grant ... You telling me this Makes me feel I can trust you . Him , on the other hand ... I can 't get the professor to talk . You 've got some rage built up . Maybe it 's time to let it out . You need to start talking . I told agent coulson everything I know . You 're lying . Tell me what that thing did to me And how fix it . I swear I don 't know . Okay , then . [ door opens ] You were right . He 's asgardian . Otherwise , that would have been awfully embarrassing . Okay , I have to know . How did you figure me out ? One - - you 're not the first asgardian I 've had in custody . You guys don 't flinch or panic in captivity . Two - - a waterfield 44 ? On a lit professor 's salary ? I don 't think so . When I tell someone I 've had some one-on-one time They tend to be a little curious . Well , you 're certainly more observant Than most , agent coulson . So , you 're the asgardian warrior who stayed . Please don 't tell anyone . I had no clue . Did you ? Hidden in plain sight - - an actual asgardian . How long do you suppose he 's been on our planet ? A thousand years . Maybe more . If we could just cut him open a little bit , Get some tissue samples , maybe some bodily fluids , We could find out . Or we could just ask him , weirdo . This is way , way better than the history channel . I mean , this guy has lived through all the scary stuff - - The crusades , the black death , disco . [ device beeps ] what are you doing ? Sealing the interrogation-room door . Coulson 's orders . [ lock engages ] Ah , locking me in . Well , I 've been in tighter spots . This room is made of a silicon carbide-coated Vibranium alloy . Meant for prisoners like yourself . But you 're in here , too . And eventually , somebody will open that door . Not if I tell them not to . So , the myth is your autobiography . I didn 't write it . I didn 't want anyone to know about me . Then I had to open my big mouth . Were you captured ? Tortured ? Horny . I met a french girl in 1546 . Ah , she loved stories . So ... I told her a great one , All about the peaceful asgardian warrior Who stayed . Her brother the priest would write it all down And turn it into , I don 't know , a thing ? Do you know thor ? Oh , sure , I spent all my days palling around With the future king of asgard . No , I don 't know thor . I was a mason . I broke rocks . Mm-hmm . [ chuckling ] for thousands of years . If you can imagine that . So when they came , asking for people to fight , Yes , of course I signed up . I think , really , I just wanted to travel . But you had the staff . I hated that thing . Other guys loved all the power That comes with the rage . No , I didn 't like it at all . And you don 't , either , it seems . What did it do to me ? It shines a light into your dark places . Doesn 't matter if you 're human , asgardian . The effect is the same - - Unpleasant . " shines a light . " that 's no explanation . It was forged from a rare metal And reacts to whoever is holding it . Or interacts . I went to such great lengths To make sure that the staff wasn 't found . Unfortunately , since the myth was written down , People have been searching for it for centuries . Before they get the last piece of your staff . Oh , I am a pacifist now . And you don 't want to risk your identity being discovered . Listen , I wouldn 't worry too much About these angry youths . They always calm down , And eventually , they die of old age . And that is one of the pleasant aspects of life here . [ taps table ] Everything changes . I 'll tell you what 's gonna change - - Your anonymity ... Unless you help up find the final piece of your staff . You may not know thor . But I do . My first love on this planet was ireland . There was a monastery , and the monks gave me A nice , warm place to sleep , some soup , And some mulled wine . " near god . " The effects of the staff - - are they permanent ? The strength wears off . You will feel exhausted afterwards . You 'll need sleep . What about ... The other effects ? Oh , that dark , nasty ache in the pit of your stomach , The rage in your chest that makes you feel As if your heart 's about to explode ? It 's worse on humans . But give it a few decades , and it 'll wear off , too . Great . [ case slams ] Are you sure ward 's okay to go into the field ? He 's not exactly acting like himself . But he knows it . He 'll be fine . I 'm with coulson . Well , it 's been a while . I wonder - - Ah , yes . There it is . Still here . Well , the nose isn 't quite right , but - - Fitz : That 's you ? Yeah . They venerated me a bit as a saint . They 're idiots . Where 's the staff ? It 's upstairs . Skye : Is that the normal ward or the new , angrier ward ? I can 't tell . Why do you think I trusted them with my secret ? They take a vow of silence . But when you get them talking They squeal . [ grunts ] If you want to defeat a god , You must become one . [ screams ] [ both grunt ] [ both grunt ] [ both scream ] We need to help him ! I 'll get her . I don 't know what to do . He 's not human . We know , but she doesn 't understand his anatomy . And I 'm even w- - what in god 's name ? Oh , my god . Sometimes , you have to just jump in Now , asgardians regenerate faster than we do . Maybe we can keep him alive long enough - - For his body to heal itself . Okay , what am I looking for ? His heart . [ grunts ] Boy : Help me ! Oh , okay . I think I got it . Heart . Oh , yeah . Can you feel a tear or rupture ? Clamp down hard on his heart . Try to slow the bleeding . Grant , drop the staff . Get away from me . Agent ward . This isn 't you . [ door opens ] Get back . Please ! Help me ! [ indistinct shouting ] Please ! Please ! Help me ! Please , help me ! [ gasping ] Grant ! Help me ! [ crying ] grant ! Please ! Help me ! Please ! Grant ! Not yet , grant . Help me ! But he 's gonna - - not yet . Throw him the rope , and I 'll throw you in there , too . [ cries ] [ sniffles ] Please ! Grant ! [ breathing heavily ] Oh , my god . Are you okay ? Come here . Oh , you 've got to be kidding me . [ sighs ] This time , let me help . Okay . [ gasps ] [ screams ] [ grunts ] I am not afraid of you . [ both scream ] [ groans ] Randolph : [ gasps ] Am I dead ? Apparently not . [ laughs ] You are easily the most beautiful thing I 've seen In a thousand years . [ sighs ] [ birds chirping ] Coulson did that ? He just shoved his hand inside ? Well , he had to . I froze , didn 't know what to do . Hey , you didn 't freeze . You just got ... [ scoffs ] ... Put in a situation - - [ cellphone rings ] Maybe I should jump in . Yeah . [ cellphone beeps ] Hi , dad . Yeah , it 's great to hear your voice , too . I 've been meaning to call you for a couple of days . It 's been a difficult few weeks . When you held it , did you see anything ? Then how ? How did you hold all three ? Because I see it every day . I know that look . You tempted ? Now , what is it you want to see ? Coulson : You and I have a lot in common . We 've both been stabbed in the heart . I was killed . Well , almost . I 'm hazy on that . Afterwards ... Is kind of a blank . I have no memory of being revived , Of being in a hospital . Just ... Woke up a few months later . And are you haunted by it , mr . Coulson ? No . Not exactly . Then what 's the problem ? I suppose you 're right . Can we give you a lift back to the university ? Randolph : Well , you know , with europe 's new fascination With all things asgardian , I 'm wondering if it 's time to start over somewhere else . Nice beach ? Life of tropical drinks and massages ? Mm , oh , I 'd get bored . You should consider the american northwest . Maybe portland . Good food scene . Great philharmonic . Well , if you will come and visit . It 's not everyone I get to share my stories with . Sure . And if thor 's in town , I 'll introduce you . [ insects chirping ] [ mid-tempo celtic music playing ] Skye : Hey . I could get used to turndown service And little mints on my pillow . Overnights aren 't standard . We deserve a nice night . You especially . How you feeling ? Not great . I 'm sorry . For before . I 'm ... I 'm not that guy . When you 're a guy who saves lives , I can overlook a little hulk rage . No harm , no foul . Does everything just roll off your back ? No . If it helped , I 'd rage all the time , But it doesn 't . What I saw ... [ voice breaking ] it was about my brother . I figured . I know you 're not one to talk , But , like I said , I 'm here . My shoulder 's free . [ inhales deeply ] I 'm beat . Another time , maybe . Well , you know where I live . [ sighs ] " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " Will return in a moment . [ soft music playing ] Did I fall asleep ? For a little while . But , uh , that 's good . It means you are relaxed . That 's precisely how I 'm feeling - - relaxed . Honestly , tahiti 's too good to be true . I know . It 's a magical place . [ gasps ] [ breathing heavily ]
