 [ country music playing ] [ bell rings ] ¶ well , I 'm sitting at this bar , drinking whiskey ¶ ¶ holding tight to a photograph of you ¶ Hi . Is there a problem ? Jack benson was a friend of mine . I 'm - - I 'm so sorry . You were the one in charge , right ? Some kind of manager ? Uh , he - - he was my friend , too . Jack 's wife said it was your fault . That true ? You know what ? Um , never mind . I think I 'm just gonna go somewhere else . Hey ! I asked you a question . Stay away from me . Oh , man ! What the hell ? You did that ? No , I - - I swear . Aah ! Get away from me ! [ crying ] no . Lord , please , not again . [ car alarm blaring ] [ shower running ] [ cellphone chimes ] [ shower stops ] We have a mission . Any specifics ? No . Well , we should follow the same plan as before - - Take separate routes back , Stagger our timing so no one suspects - - [ door closes ] [ chuckles ] Skye : Wait , a telekinetic ? I thought they didn 't exist . We never verified one . That 's why we 're going to batesville - - To conduct an index asset evaluation and intake . Does that mean we talk to her and see if she has powers ? Basically . Well , that needs a better name - - Less I.R.S. , more ... Better . Something like the welcome wagon . I want you to pay close attention on this one , skye . It 's an opportunity to learn How to deal with someone with newfound abilities . It 's not like I 've never done this before . I found mike peterson before you did . Remember how that went ? This is a chance to see how it 's done When it 's done right . How many people like this have you encountered ? A handful . There 's not that many people on the index . They must wig out When they see the s.H.I.E.L.D. Trucks roll up . Each case is different . Some people are in complete denial That there 's anything unusual about them . It 's a delicate process , and from all reports , This sounds like a particularly sensitive situation . " particle accelerator explodes . " Hannah hutchins , one of the quality-control engineers . Was it her fault ? The town blames her . Four technicians died in that blast - - on her watch . That 's terrible - - all those families . Small church community - - they 're pretty rattled . She must be , too . Friends , co-workers dead , and on top of all that , She might have some crazy power she can 't understand . Or control . Simmons : Sir , the department of energy 's declared The particle acceleration lab too dangerous to enter . Fitz : But the good news is , We still think we can retrieve the disaster-event data From the instruments . We 'll determine the cause And see if there 's any correlation Between telekinesis spontaneously forming And a particle accelerator exploding . Well , it does use giant magnets To fire billions of subatomic particles Into their anti-particles at the speed of light To create miniature big bangs , So seems like a good place to start . I read . I 'll try not to mention big bangs When we talk to hutchins about the explosion . You 'll stay in the car . This is a delicate situation . We don 't know what kind of danger this woman poses , So I 'll make initial contact with agents ward and may . May : Wheels up in five . Better strap in . It 's a delicate situation , So you 're bringing along warm and fuzzy ? [ scoffs ] Hey , guys . You 're late . [ indistinct shouting ] Roger : We know what you did . She blew up that gas station . Why aren 't you arresting her ? [ shouting continues ] Officer , is there anything you can do To get these people to disperse ? Been trying , but it 's a free country . Miss hutchins , I 'm agent coulson . We specialize in strange occurrences Like the ones you 've encountered . You 've come to lock me up ? To talk . Well , what good will that do ? Get out of here ! We don 't want you here anymore . Officers , get those people back . [ tires screech ] Move it ! Move it ! Martha : It 's her ! That freak just tried to kill us ! Calm down . Easy , officer . Put the gun down . [ crying ] leave me alone . Miss hutchins , please calm down . It wasn 't me . Please calm down . We 're not gonna let anyone hurt you . [ electricity crackles ] Time to go . So much for the welcome wagon . [ devices humming ] Simmons : We don 't believe That people have telekinetic powers , do we ? May was forced to sedate her . The woman made a police car move - - with her mind . There 's no principal that would support - - Telekinesis . Not yet . We did believe for a bit , though , remember ? Freshman year ? When sally webber made the books Fall off the table in neurobiology ? Oh , well , that was a particularly cruel prank . [ scoffs ] You screamed like a girl . I am a girl . You know , that 's the one drawback Of graduating three years early - - We never to pull any freshman pranks on anyone else . Mm . Fitz ... Skye never went to the academy . She 's a freshman . A wide-eyed little freshman . And being pranked is an integral part Of becoming a s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent . Well , mandatory , really . Why not give her the full s.H.I.E.L.D. Academy experience ? It would be unjust to deny her such a thing . Information data uploaded . Let 's get going . Yes , sir . [ jet engines roaring ] Ward : Just a mattress , sir ? It 's a six-hour-long ride to the fridge . Fitz added magnetic shielding to the cage After simmons had her scare . If miss hutchins has this power , Then that room should keep it from getting out , But in there , she 'll be just as dangerous . How is she ? The dendrotoxin 's wearing off . She 'll be awake soon , scared , in a strange room . Our next interaction with her is crucial to gaining her trust , Which is why I want you there . Are you sure that 's a good idea ? If miss hutchins is gonna believe anything we say , She needs to know we 're not hiding things from her , Which means you explaining the situation . What if that doesn 't calm her down ? What if that makes her more agitated ? Then he definitely wants me in there . Pretty much . I 'll observe from out here . And I 'll lose the tie . If she is telekinetic , I don 't want to have a noose around my neck . [ sighs ] [ mutters ] [ door opens ] Brought you some water . It 's okay . I 'm phil . This is melinda may . How did I get here ? I sedated you . I apologize for bringing you in that way . Coulson : Things were escalating . It was for everyone 's safety . Everyone 's safety . Good . Okay . Oh , lord , what have I done ? I promise you , miss hutchins ... Nobody was hurt back there . Wherever I go , things turn bad . Were you angry at those people , back at the house ? Um , angry ? No . I know most of them . They were angry . I understand . Oh , god . Frank 's wife - - the way she was looking at me . Frank delacort . He died in the accident . Because of me , they 're gone . I killed them . So sad . And normal . These readings are entirely within average ranges . Of course , it 's hard to find something When you don 't know what you 're looking for . All I can tell from these brain waves is she 's upset . You need a computer for that ? May 's in there - - the woman who shot her . Sedated her . Things got out of hand . May sorted it out . She 's the cavalry . Mm . Where does that name come from , anyway ? Didn 't ward tell you ? You don 't know ? Of course not . You spent no time at the academy . It 's quite a story . Yeah , well , ward isn 't exactly a chatty s.O. Well , imagine if you will A heavily secured compound . Manama , bahrain . Multiple s.H.I.E.L.D. Agents are taken hostage , Tortured for information . May 's mission - - eliminate the threat . You mean kill people . Not people - - entire squads of mercenaries , Almost 100 . More than 100 . More than 100 men , heavily armed . Her vehicle got totaled , so she rode in . And , um , she had a m249 in each hand . Right - - in each hand . And she rode in on a horse . Hence the name - - the cavalry . Is this real ? She eliminated the enemy threat single-handedly . She saw a lot of hurt that day . Skye : Is that why she 's so - - Happy ? Particle accelerator data loading . [ computer beeping ] [ sighs ] No ! You do not touch that . Two semesters minimum of holographic engineering Before you get to touch this ! All right , all right . I get it . I didn 't go To your stupid s.H.I.E.L.D. Hogwarts or whatever . I 'm gonna go upstairs . And I 'm gonna do my own research on my computer - - My boring , old , flat computer . Can you believe she bought that ? A horse - - brilliant . You think you have the next prank ? We must carry on the tradition . Yeah . For weeks , I was getting reports from section two Complaining that the coupling assembly Was coming loose at the bolts . Tobias is the ... He was the technician down there . We replaced the part , And we triple-checked it for damage . Seems like I went down there every few days . Did you find a problem ? No . But clearly , I missed something . My team is working to determine What really did happen and what might have happen to you . To me ? What do you mean ? We believe that somehow , as a result of the accident , You acquired some form of telekinetic ability . You think it 's me ? The police car , the gas sta- - you think I did that ? We 're not sure , and this can be a hard thing to hear , But all these events have one thing in common . Me , but I 'm not causing it . It 's not me . I wish it were because then maybe I could make it stop . But if it 's not you , then what is it ? You people won 't believe me . Try me . God 's punishing me . He abandoned me . He doesn 't protect me anymore . That 's why this is happening . Protect you from what ? Demons , sir . I 'm being haunted by demons . Delusions of being persecuted aren 't uncommon after trauma . She 's certainly been through her fair share . She 's blaming herself . It 's guilt . It 's all of it . She 's broken . Pore over the accident site . If that tragedy gave her powers , we need to shut them down . If it wasn 't her fault , even better , But until then , she 's a danger to all of us . Just let me go in and talk to her , sir , as a friend . I can 't let you do that . It 's too dangerous . She 's not dangerous . She 's nice - - like , overly nice . She never misses a birthday post to her friends , Runs the youth program at her church , Rescues dogs . Hannah 's a safety inspector Not just because she 's detail-oriented But because she - - She genuinely cares . Right . And someone with that much empathy Being responsible for that much loss of life , She 's devastated , Spouting nonsense about god punishing her for - - People believe what they need to believe To justify their actions . Is that how you justify your shoot-first policy ? At least let me try to repair that damage . Until we figure out what 's going on with her , She stays locked up and you stay away . [ clang ] Thought that was glued down . You 're asking the right questions , skye , But for now , that 's all you get to do . I 'm sorry . I just don 't understand her at all . Everything to her is just [ robotic voice ] target acquired . Threat eliminated . Ward : Well , she 's a specialist . In one thing . You can catch a lot more flies with honey Than with napalm - - just saying . Hand me the lettuce . And she says I need to stay away , But you know what I think ? I think she needs to get laid . [ inhales sharply ] Might want to be less confrontational with agent may . I 'm not scared of her . Well , I am , But just because the cavalry shot 100 guys on horseback Doesn 't mean she knows how people work . Wait , horseback ? Where 'd you hear that ? Fitz-simmons . Were they messing with you ? Story gets bigger every year . It wasn 't 100 guys - - it was 20 . Trained assassins . May crossed them off with one pistol , no support . She rescued a bunch of agents ? Mm-hmm . There definitely wasn 't a horse . Well , if it went so well , Why 's she so squirrelly about the name ? Well , may 's not in it for the glory . She got the job done . End of story . Where 'd I put that knife ? [ doorknob rattling ] [ pounding ] leave me alone ! [ pounding continues ] Oh , god , please forgive me ! [ whimpers ] [ crying ] [ computer humming ] This must be the coupling from the reports . Oh , dear . The technicians were right . Were you even listening ? You weren 't even a wee bit scared ? More disappointed , really . It 's fine . It 's fine . I 'm just workshopping here , and , yes , I was listening . I was about to go fetch our own magnetic couplings To run simulations . Oh , well , while you 're in there , Grab some more diazepam for hannah . She may need to be more heavily sedated . And the prank needs more work , as well . I know . I 'm trying different things . It 's the timing that matters , simmons . Skye can 't suspect a thing . Ward , come look at this . Tobias ford . Oh , isn 't he one of the technicians Who died at the plant ? Yeah , and he filed three safety complaints In the past month , each one in hannah 's department . She thought he was a friend . But he had it out for her . Sad part is ... He was right . Oh . Couplings . Couplings , couplings . Yes . Actually ... Oh . Now , this I could use . All I need now is a little bit of twine And an unsuspecting victim . Oh , that 's fantastic , that is . Simmons : Well , that 's odd . My god . Fitz , look at this . What are we seeing here ? It 's as if the explosion tore open some sort of window to - - To hell . Aah ! [ grunts ] [ screaming ] [ panting ] Simmons ! Are you okay ? Sir , hannah 's telling the truth . She 's not telekinetic . There 's someone else on this plane . [ electricity powers down ] What was that ? Plane 's lost power . We 're going down . Ward , you certified ? What about engine-driven generators ? Those are dead , too . Switch batteries to maintain flight controls . The rest will be needed to keep the cage shielded . Flaps - - 10 . Lower landing gear . What can I do ? Buckle up . There 's a decent-sized field up ahead , But it 's gonna be rough . Vertical landing 's out . Coming in a little hot . I got it . [ breathing heavily ] [ breathing heavily ] Our ear comms are usually relayed through the plane , So here 's some hardware . Ward : Did the girl do this to us , sir ? We believe miss hutchins is the victim here . Our theories about her powers have been disproved . By who ? Simmons : I saw a ghost . I - - I know how it sounds , But a man attacked me , and then he disappeared . Did you get a good look at him ? He dematerialized ! May , run your systems checks . Is the cage still shielded ? Most of the power dedicated to it . This man or whatever he is Has been tormenting miss hutchins . The cage might be the one thing protecting her now . We 'll inform her . Sir , can it be me to talk to hannah ? Her life has been turned upside down , And we stuck her in a nightmare box . She thinks she 's being punished . Can I please be the one to deliver the good news ? That a non-corporeal madman is hunting her ? Again , I think it 'd be better coming from anyone else , really . All right . I 'll head upstairs , Activate the emergency transceiver , and radio hq . Ward , take a firearm . Escort fitz-simmons downstairs , Assess the damage , get us up and running . Wait . Guys , um , where 's fitz ? Fitz : [ muffled ] hello ? Can anybody hear me ? What the hell 's happening ? Did we crash ? Who was screaming ? This is not funny , jemma , if this is a prank . This is a prank . Clever . Simmons ? Come on . Turn on the lights . [ screams ] Thank god . Where have you been ? ! I have been locked in a closet freaking out , Thanks to you two geniuses . That wasn 't us . Well , then , who was it ? We found fitz . May : Good , we 'll need him . Looks like the main problem is in avionics bay two . But he took out all our systems . Who 's she talking about ? Grab your equipment and get in there . I 'm going to power down flight controls to conserve energy And then go defend the cage door In case this ghost comes knocking . Did she just say " ghost " ? Coulson : Mayday , mayday , mayday . Region north , this is s.H.I.E.L.D. 616 . We 've lost electrical and are grounded . Calculating coordinates , requesting supp- - [ electricity powers down ] [ scoffs ] 1990s technology at its best . [ knock on door ] Hannah ? Who 's there ? My name is skye . We haven 't met yet . We crashed , didn 't we ? Are you all hurt ? I 'm so sorry . No . No , no , no . We 're okay . Whatever 's happening , it 's not your fault . We were wrong . But you need to stay in that room so that you 're safe . Something ... Bad is out here . Demons . I don 't know what it is . Do you believe in god ? Honestly ? Not really . Well , I do . And I know that he 's punishing me , and I deserve it . No . No , you don 't . No one does . I had a few nuns around me growing up , And they would talk like that , Scaring kids with stories of god 's wrath . It made me not want to believe . The only words that stuck with me Were something that sister mckenna said From the bible , I think . She said , " god is love . " It 's simple and it 's a little sappy , But that 's the version I like . God is love ... The thing that holds us together . And if that 's true , I don 't think he would punish you for making a mistake . I think he 'd forgive a mistake . I want to believe that . I do . I 'll stand guard now . Coulson needs help with the emergency transceiver . I would rather stay here for a while - - It needs to get done , not discussed . That 's an order . I 'll nearby if you need me , okay ? Try not to hurt her Any more than you already have , agent may . Simmons : He thinks it 's hell , but I think it 's an alien world . Fitz , it was stunning . Well , there were reports in london After the spaceship landed of multiple portals opening , Thor passing between worlds . You think that 's what they were researching at that lab ? Trying to create another portal , yes . Failing until a malfunction produced a burst of energy . This " ghost " is a man trapped Between our universe and another . Perhaps that 's how all ghosts are . It 's a simple explanation , really . Simple would be a relative term in this case . [ rattling ] Bloody hell . Simmons : He was thorough . [ clang ] both : Oh , god . Plane 's on uneven ground . Could just be settling . Or the other thing . Get to work . Clear . [ sighs ] [ screaming ] Ward , help ! [ banging ] Quiet . [ grunts ] Oh ! [ gasping ] Help ! [ gasps ] [ screams ] Seems like a hardware issue , not firmware . I should be with hannah , anyway . No wonder she keeps screaming in there . You keep sending in the cavalry , You 're bound to get a reaction like that . Don 't - - don 't call her that . Why not ? No normal person can shoot 100 bahrain- - That 's not how it went down . Whatever , 20 . I just - - I don 't understand - - She didn 't have a gun . None of us did . And it wasn 't a rescue or an assault , Whatever they say at the academy these days . We were the welcome wagon . And it went south . How many - - Plenty . A civilian girl and a few of our guys Were stuck inside a building , Being held by the followers of this gifted individual - - Or worshippers . We never found out . May did . She took it upon herself to get them out . Said she could fix the problem . So she went in , crossed off the enemy force . Didn 't say how . Did she lose anyone in there ? Herself . May used to be different . She was always quiet , she just ... She was warm . Fearless in a different way , getting in trouble , Pulling pranks , thought rules were meant to be broken . Sound familiar ? But when she walked out of that building ... It was like that part of her was gone . I tried to comfort her , But she wouldn 't tell me what went down in there . What did you say ? I said the words I thought she needed to hear . It 's why you want her on the plane - - To see if that person is still in there somewhere . [ door slams ] The lock is jammed . [ both gasp ] [ screams ] Let me in or let her out . That 's not up to us . Let her out ! [ skye whimpers ] Talk to me . What 's happening ? May , he 's disappearing . He 's passing between worlds . It seems a little less of him Is returning every time he appears . But why is he after you guys ? Because he can 't get to hannah in there . She 's safe . If we wait it out , maybe he 'll disappear fully . [ creaking ] [ panting ] What are you going to do ? Fix the problem . [ grunts ] We got to find a way out of here . Any of this crap still work ? [ gasps ] there he is . What happened ? Well , we lost communication . And you were hit with a very large plumber 's wrench . A wrench ? Yeah . That guy 's traveling back and forth Between alien worlds with a wrench ? Must have been in his hand when the blast hit . Not the kind of wrench you would use To loosen a coupling , is it ? [ static ] coulson : ... There ? Maybe it doesn 't work after all . Uh , yes , yes , we 're here , sir . Where 'd you go ? Coulson : Nowhere . We were attacked , locked in , Then the guy disappeared . Hey , that 's our story . Is may with you guys ? She isn 't with you ? I don 't mean to scare you , I just need to use you as bait . [ crying ] well , that 's comforting . To draw him out , away from my people . Then what will you do ? Whatever I have to . You 're sure this is how to do it ? Fitz : Yes . I 'll max the signal , And the transceiver will act as a trigger . Okay , fine . They only made 20 , I think . Oh . Fitz : So , we believe that this man Is responsible for the blast ? Coulson : Skye said she thinks He 's the worker who filed all the reports . Skye : Tobias ford . It looks like him . It makes no sense for a man to complain About safety issues whilst causing them . Another theory is - - ward : Theories don 't matter . Only facts , and the fact is , A bullet will take you out of whatever world you 're in . Any idea which direction may could 've taken her ? We 'll deploy the golden retrievers . They 're in here . [ screaming ] Fitz ! This is no time for childish nonsense like this ! Pranking was your idea . And obviously , I rigged this little beauty Before I knew there was a dimension-jumping psychopath In the mix . Wait , childish . This guy is childish . What are you getting at ? [ gasps ] Tobias . Is that you ? [ grunting ] He wanted her to notice him . Why would he file a complaint to her office When there was nothing wrong And then cause an actual safety issue himself ? To get her fired ? To get her attention , to spend time with her . Think about it - - he scared the guy Who was harassing her at the airport . He tried to hit you with a cop car . When we took her into custody . Yeah , he 's not trying to hurt her . He 's trying to protect her . He likes her . [ screaming ] [ screams ] [ panting ] It 's okay . It 's okay . Tell him I won 't hurt you . Hannah : Tobias , wait , she 's a friend . Hannah . You have to stop . Please . Listen , we believe you 're trapped between two worlds - - This world - - And hell . I 'm being dragged to hell for what I did . What did you do ? Just loosen a few bolts , and then you 'd visit . It was the best part of my day . I 'm sorry . I - - I didn 't mean for anyone to get hurt . Oh , no . Tobias . How could you ? I killed them . I know . And even worse , everyone started blaming you . I tr- - I tried to stop them . But you hurt more people . I was trying to protect you from them . I was trying to atone for my sin . Hannah , please , Maybe if you forgive me , I won 't go to hell . Only god can forgive you . May : And he won 't . You can 't undo what 's been done . That will be with you forever . But trying to hold on to this life , Clinging to the person you thought you could be , That 's hell . And you 're dragging her down with you . You have to let go Before my people come and make you do it . If you care about her , and I know you do , Let her go . Let the girl go , tobias . Let the girl go . [ inhales sharply ] [ sighs ] Are you okay ? What did you say to him ? Same words you said to me in bahrain . [ electricity humming ] She all right ? Much better . Let me know if she needs anything . [ sighs ] Can fitz repair it ? No . This one 's a lost cause . But may isn 't . If anyone can bring her around , it 's you . You know what makes people tick . Pun intended . [ chuckles ] So do you . You see the good in them . You were a friend to hannah , You can 't wait to get inside may 's head , And you figured out tobias without even trying . Guess I 'm full of surprises . But this isn 't one of them . I wanted you paying close attention To the index asset evaluation and intake process Because someday , you 'll be really good at it - - Even the best . Thanks , a.C. Maybe you 'll get to rename it . Good , because that name is super stupid . I know . [ knock on door ] Mind if I keep you company ? Cool . We 'll be back in a moment . Ta-da ! That isn 't a word in our language . [ gasps ] I 've never heard of it . I 'm checking . Our language ? You mean the english language , first spoken in England ? " aglet - - a plastic or metal tube Covering the end of a shoelace . " [ laughs ] oh , come on . She used her britishness against us . It 's a word . [ laughter ] It 's not funny . I was sleeping peacefully . [ laughter ] Very clever , simmons . I didn 't - - I didn 't do it . Well , ward , I don 't appreciate - - Don 't look at me . [ laughter ] Okay , well , skye - - [ laughing ] no . Well , who , then ? Look , the bunks should be off-limits , okay ? [ laughter ] don 't laugh ! Because I know it was one of you .
