 NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : OLIVIA : The First People . EDWARD : You 're holding one of last copies . What are we talking about ? Adam and Eve ? No , before dinosaurs . They were the first people . They were a people of great technological prowess who made the ultimate discovery . PETER : Walternate said that it was a very powerful piece of ancient tech . - This machine is dangerous . - We need to understand it . PETER : When I touched that device on the other side it came alive in my hands . How can you expect me to ignore that ? Walter didn 't have brain tissue implanted . He had it removed . - What are you doing , Walter ? WALTER : I 'm making myself smarter . If I can think like Walternate , I can figure what he 's trying to do with that device . PETER : The picture of me in the device . What does it mean ? What 's going to happen to me ? SOLDIER : Clearance and ID . [ GRUNTING ] You have any chewing gum ? - Excuse me ? - I 'm sorry . He 's got this thing with his ears . It 's not a thing with my ears . I 've got a blocked Eustachian tube . And it 's a perfectly natural reaction . Any flavor will do , although I 'm rather partial to grape . SOLDIER : Welcome back , Colonel Broyles . MAN : We 've tried a dozen different power sources . - And there were no reactions ? - We 've run all the diagnostics . The machine continues to be unresponsive . Miss Sharp , your guests are here . Expand the telemetry parameters and run the tests again . You broke the encryption on the computer the other Olivia left behind . A few days ago . Peter gave us a number of password suggestions . - One worked . - Oh ? Yeah . It was a song lyric . And Fauxlivia ruined U2 for all of us . - Fauxlivia ? - That 's what Walter 's calling her now . - Fauxlivia as in Fake Olivia . NINA : Ah . Uh ... The data on the computer . What did you find ? Unfortunately , it 's one big file . Mission details buried in hundreds of pages ... - And we can 't identify any type of code . WALTER : Oh , my . It 's bigger than I imagined . Well , I suppose it 's just big enough to destroy a couple universes . So far we haven 't been able to figure out how the machine works . NASA , The CIA , The NIH . We 've had government 's top people at our disposal . - Which are you ? - Excuse me ? Which agency do you work for ? Walter , this is Dr. James Falcon , our lead scientist on this project . Well , I suppose that makes me your boss . I 'm Dr. Walter Bishop . Sorry for the interruption . Please continue . As I was saying , we 're confounded . Doesn 't seem to be an energy source and nothing that suggests the machine can hold or transmit any type of power . Jack , are you getting this ? Yeah . Some kind of electromagnetic spike . The problem must be the missing piece . The one that the other Olivia stole . That could be right . The piece was from the center . It could be the power source . Did the other Olivia mention the machine in her files ? We 're still working through the data . [ MACHINERY GROANING ] God . It 's like something triggered it . Something did trigger it . Me . Peter , you 've been out ? No , I just came downstairs . I couldn 't sleep . I thought I heard the door . You must 've been dreaming . I don 't think so . I wasn 't sleeping either . - Is that peanut butter ? Can I have one ? - Mm-hm . How you feeling ? Any more nosebleed ? - No . - Headaches ? - No . - But you 're unable to sleep ? Yes , but I don 't think that has anything to do with the machine , Walter . Might . We don 't know yet . We don 't know anything . The first people 's book . I read it cover to cover a dozen times . There 's nothing to suggest how that device works or how it 's connected to you . - Walter , stop , please . I want answers too . I know you wanna help me , but I don 't think that you can this time . You can 't protect me from everything . Only a couple more , Mr. Bishop . You haven 't convinced me that this is necessary . Every human being gives off a unique electromagnetic signature . We 're testing if your son 's triggered the machine . I have a graduate degree from MIT as well . I don 't need a test to know how unlikely it is this has anything to do with electromagnetics . - Walter . - Peter . Do you have any idea how much radiation you 're about to be exposed to ? Well , I do now , Walter . NINA : Walter , I think you 're overreacting . WALTER : May I have a word in private ? We can 't fire him . He 's one of the most gifted biomedical engineers in the country . I don 't care who he is . I don 't want him poking and prodding my son . - I know you 're worried about ... - I 'm not worried , Nina , I 'm terrified . Did you see the way that machine reacted to him ? That is why we 're running these tests . This is a waste of time . It 's not going to tell us anything . Nina , I need you to do something for me . I 've been trying to regenerate my brain cells . But William was too clever for that . He not only took out pieces of my brain he inhibited their ability to replicate . - Walter ... - But Belly kept detailed notes of everything he did . I want to see his research to know how to reverse what he did to me . To re-grow my brain cells . Walter , that 's more than 15 years ago . I 'm not whole , Nina . If I 'm to figure out how Peter is connected to the machine I have to get smarter . It 's the only way I 'll be able to help my son . Yes . I 'll get on it right away . Thank you . Hey . Hey . - You okay ? - Oh , yeah . Yeah , I 'm great . I think I might use my newfound superpowers to make this machine levitate . Well , now that would be impressive . I tried to call you last night and you didn 't pick up . Ugh . Yeah . Walter was being Walter . I had to go for a walk . We 're ready . Do you want something to help sleep ? - This might take a while . - No . I 'm okay . Thanks . Peter , relax . This procedure 's perfectly safe . Heh , I 'm sorry , doc . You 'll forgive me if I 'm leery of machines right about now . I understand . Okay , well , I 'm gonna be right outside . [ MACHINE HUMMING ] I see Dr. Bishop leaves the high intensity work for you . Agent Broyles . You know they 're all over at Massive Dynamic . I know . I came to speak with you . For the past two days , an encryption team has been waiting for the data on other Olivia 's drive . - Yeah . I hear it 's one big mess . More than 300 pages of material . Details about this world . Profiles on our people . Mission specifics . It 's difficult to know what 's important . Well , I 'm happy to help . I knew you would be . And we certainly could use your skills . But there 's a reason I haven 't already asked . Her mission logs are filled with personal observations . Many of them concern her relationship with Peter . Peter and Olivia have been through ... I understand . I 'll be discreet . The file is on the mainframe . [ PHONE RINGS ] Broyles . I 'll be right there . FALCON : Yes . I admit his rate is a bit high . Hundred and thirty beats per minute is hardly a bit high . I want you to take him out of that machine right now . It 's a very narrow tachycardia . It 's hardly life-threatening . It would be ridiculous to stop testing for this . - So , what is going on ? - Peter 's heart rate is a bit elevated . I assumed it was nerves at first , but he should 've stabilized by now . His heart rate could 've triggered the machine ? No , I don 't see how it could have . But it is curious and implies we should do more tests . By all means . Let 's use my son as the new Massive Dynamic lab rat . I don 't think the doctor was ... [ PHONE RINGS ] Dunham . I 'm on my way . Okay . I 've gotta go . Can you call me if you learn something new ? BROYLES : His name was Michael Baird . Found in the fountain by a colleague . ME thinks he was murdered sometime around 3 a.m. So , what 's with the dead fish ? - They died of mercury poisoning . - Mercury ? He 's a shapeshifter . That 's not all . Turn him over , please . His data storage disk was removed . Thank you . Whoever did this knew what they were doing . So why would someone kill a shapeshifter ? You mean someone other than us ? Okay . What if this was Walternate ? What if he sent over some type of cleaner to tie up all the loose ends ? - To kill this guy before ... - Before we learned what he knew . What are you thinking ? [ BEEPING ] This is Astrid . Agent Farnsworth , I need you to run a search on the other Olivia 's data file . - Okay . What 's the name ? - Michael Baird . Yeah , he 's on a long list of port authority employees . Shut down the mainframe . Shut it down now . And from this moment on , no one accesses that file except you . What 's going on ? We cracked the encryption on the other Olivia 's hard drive 36 hours ago . Among the info , she lists thousands of names . Michael Baird is one of them . Suppose Walternate knew we were getting close to identifying the list of shapeshifters . How would he know that ? Because someone on our side may have told him . We got a mole . Well ? I 'd cut back on fried foods . But your lab work , the EEG readings , it all looks pretty standard . Nothing to indicate you and the machine share a signature . Nothing out of the ordinary ? Well , like I told your father , your heart rate was a bit elevated . But that could be adrenaline , nerves , stress . When I got within 50 feet of that machine things started flying . My nose started bleeding . You 're trying to tell me that that 's just a coincidence ? No . I 'm telling you we still have no idea how any of that happened but from a medical standpoint , you seem perfectly normal . I 'm willing to run more tests . But , frankly , I thought you 'd be relieved . Well , hey , you 're the doctor . Peter . Agent Dunham called . They found a dead shapeshifter . She thinks someone on the inside must be feeding Walternate information . Let 's go . - Thank you . - You 're welcome . BROYLES : The shapeshifter was killed because someone knew it was a matter of time before we ID 'd him . Round up anybody who had access to other Olivia 's hard drive . - We 're already on it . - The FBI decryption teams . - Anybody in Massive Dynamic . - Okay , Peter . We 're on top of it . We 're questioning every one as we speak . That 's what Walter and Nina are doing now . What about the rest of her file ? Does it mention other shapeshifters ? Newton 's mentioned . If there are two of them , we 're assuming there are more . But there are 100s of names throughout the file . Just lists of government employees , local cops . We 're running profiles on all of them . Looking for anything that might indicate a change in behavior . Which would suggest having been replaced by a shapeshifter . Well , it looks like a big job . So how can we help you sift through the data ? Um , it 's not a good idea . Why not ? Because she wrote about me . Yeah . Some parts of this read like a diary . You 're quite prominent . We should get to Massive Dynamic . Okay , call me if you find something . State your full name , please . Special agent Matthew Nicholas Goldin . The name Michael Baird mean anything to you ? No , it does not . BRANDON : Where were you born ? - Brooklyn , New York . How many more are there ? Twenty-two of our people . Another seven from the FBI . So far , all the blood tests have come back negative . But that doesn 't rule out the possibility of a human mole . Lie detectors are unreliable . He 's right . People beat them all the time . But not this one . William designed it . It measures the slightest shift in facial muscles which allows us a link to stress and a particular emotion . His facial muscles tell us that his stress is not connected to feelings of guilt or shame . Very clever . I wish I 'd thought of it . We need to keep everybody in custody until we find the leak . There are nearly 30 people on the list . I 'm not sure that 's practical . Do you actually wanna catch this mole ? BRANDON : Do you know the identity of any shapeshifter ? GOLDIN : No , I don 't . BRANDON : You know anything about the murder ... - Walter , do you have a moment ? - Yes . Yes , of course . BRANDON : Have you given any information to assist in the murder of a shapeshifter ? GOLDIN : No , I haven 't . NINA : You were right . I found William 's research . His notes suggest that he designed a retroviral serum based on your DNA that will re-grow your brain tissue . That 's wonderful . Oh , thank you , Belly . Walter , William experimented with lab animals first . A rat and a chimpanzee . Now , back in the ' 90s , we had a small lab fire . The original labels were destroyed . I 'm gonna ask the lab to run diagnostics on all . Then they should be able to tell us which one was made for you . Walter . Don 't worry . I 've snorted worse . A few good whiffs and my brain should be able to begin to re-grow its missing parts . And what if the serum is not based on your DNA ? Well , I 'll probably get a rash . Well , I 'm afraid we 've got a bigger problem on our hands . - I 'm worried about Peter . - So am I. - But that 's what this is all about . - Peter has endured a lot recently . - Maybe he should talk with someone . - Heh . No , what I 'm trying to say is there are people that are trained to help . Nina , he 's my son . I 'm the one that needs to help him . BRANDON : Do you know anything about the murder of Michael Baird ? No . BRANDON : How long have you been FBI ? WOMAN : About five years . Peter . BRANDON : And you never heard of Michael Baird before ? About the other Olivia 's files . I know you slept with her and I know that you 're trying to protect me . But reading about it isn 't gonna make it worse . I 'm not doing any good here . - But if I could help Astrid with the files ... - Olivia . I 've conned people . And I know what I would 've written about them . She must 've thought that I was a fool . And I don 't want you to see me like that . BRANDON : All right , we 're done . That 's it . We 've talked to everybody . We should call Broyles and tell him . What about Dr. Falcon ? Falcon wasn 't on the team that worked on the drive . He was asking questions about it yesterday at the hangar . Hey , it 's me . Uh , could you send Dr. Falcon up , please ? Why not ? What ? Dr. Falcon left work early . AGENT 1 : Clear . Bedroom clear . AGENT 2 : Hallway clear . OLIVIA [ OVER PHONE ] : The same as Michael Baird . Two shots in the head and his data storage unit had been removed . You 're right . Dr. James Falcon . He 's on here . He 's part of a list of Massive Dynamic employees . Dr. Falcon 's name is on her computer . So if Waternate 's knocking these guys off they must know something . Damn . OLIVIA : Yeah . Tell Walter I feel the same . That 's not about the shapeshifters . Walter 's giving himself an IQ test . Okay . Falcon 's body is being taken to the lab . So when Walter finishes exercising his mind , can you get him to take a look ? Maybe he can find something that 'll help identify killer . Of course . Astrid 's still going through her files . But so far no luck identifying the remaining shapeshifters . Don 't think we 're gonna find anything to tell us who Falcon was working with . It feels like every time we learn something new , we 're still a step behind . If we could get to one of the shapeshifters maybe we could get answers . My bone saw , dear . The aspirator , voltmeter and a ripe banana . Please tell me the banana 's for you . I had a sudden craving . It 's odd though . Bananas are typically my least favorite fruit . [ COMPUTER BEEPS ] Oh , news . Ugh . Yeah , but it 's not good . Another 20 names have been cross-checked from Fauxlivia 's files . None of them are shapeshifters . So you 've read all Fauxlivia 's files ? Yeah . Most of them . What did she have to say about me ? [ CHUCKLES ] She liked you . She thought that you were kind and brilliant . Would you help me with him , please , dear ? [ GRUNTS ] [ GRUNTS ] Walter . Oh , I 'm sorry . That was very rude . - I was displaying dominance . - Excuse me ? The serum I took . It must 've been meant for a chimpanzee . You mean its growing chimp DNA in your brain ? Well , just a bit . It 's fascinating though , isn 't it ? How the tiniest change in our composition can yield such drastic changes in our behavior . It 's not surprising , really . After all , we share 50 percent of our DNA with a banana . You sure it isn 't dangerous ? No . It 'll pass . My immune system will recognize it as foreign and reject it . Mm . So the bone saw , please . Mm . - What is it ? - I 'm not sure . Magnify . Looks like blood . So this must 've been how he got in . It looks like he used a knife to jimmy open the window . Which would suggest that he and Dr. Falcon were strangers or otherwise he would 've used the front door , right ? - Hmm . Peter . I owe you an apology . For what ? The last few weeks have been really hard for me . I 've been focused on what other Olivia did to me that I just haven 't thought about what she did to you . - Look , Olivia ... - And I want you to know that I 'm sorry and that I get it now . That good news is that she 's gone . I know it doesn 't feel like that at the moment , but she is gone . And , um we can get past it . Thank you . I gotta do more tests at Massive Dynamic . - Want me to drive ? - I 'll take the train . Could you call Walter , let him know I 'll be home late and not to worry ? - Mm-hm . Thank you . [ PHONE RINGING ] - Dunham . - It 's me . We just found blood under Dr. Falcon 's fingernails . So the killer is human ? Appears so . Type A positive . It 's fairly common . I 'm A positive along with a third of the population . ASTRID : I 'm searching personnel files now and there is only one person with that blood type who had access to Fauxlivia 's files . Brandon Fayette . Nina sharp 's chief scientist . MAN : Spare some change , lady ? Yeah . Sure . [ GRUNTS ] [ BONES CRACKING ] [ GROANING ] Don 't move . Can I swallow ? MAN : Hey , Bermudez . [ GRUNTING ] Have you ever killed a shapeshifter ? No . I 've been going to the gym though . I 'm stoked you 'd think I 'd have that kind of strength . You can keep asking questions . Machine isn 't gonna give you a different answer . - I didn 't do it . - He 's right . Machine says he 's telling the truth . ASTRID : Hi . What have you got ? It 's not Brandon . We questioned him and he passed the polygraph . That 's not unheard of . Lots of people defy a polygraph . Not this one . Which one of these haven 't you gone through ? I understand why nobody wants me to read these files . But what 's written here is in the past and what is important is the future . Somewhere in here are the names of remaining shapeshifters . And we 're running out of options . Yes . We have to find them before whoever 's killing them does . Believe me . Broyles is calling me every 20 minute to tell me the same thing . It 's not the shapeshifters I 'm worried about . If we can find next target , surveil him , maybe we can catch this guy . I am really thankful for your help . Seriously . But I 've been through this whole stack already . But I 'm not just another set of eyes . We 're the same . The other Olivia and me . I should be able to think the same way . So maybe I 'm gonna be able to find a pattern . [ PHONE RINGING ] Hello ? NINA [ OVER PHONE ] : Walter , it 's Nina . - Nina . I was just thinking about you . Heh . Oh ! The first sample is definitely chimpanzee . - You can label it now . - First sample ? Belly 's serum . I 'm ready for round two . Actually , I was calling for Peter . He 's not with you ? Has he finished the tests already ? Finished ? No , no , that 's why I 'm calling . I wanted to schedule a round of tests . But Olivia said ... I must 've misunderstood . Walter , I understand how you feel about this testing . And I know that Peter is reticent as well . But I also know that you understand why these tests are so important . Will you tell him I called ? Yes . I 'll give him the message . You okay ? [ SNICKERS ] " It 's strange , but at moments when I 'm with PB I find myself forgetting what I 'm here for . PB 's different than I expected him to be . A sincerity behind his eyes a deep-seated goodness . It 's hard not to get caught up in it not to get caught up in him . " This may have started out as a mission , but it turned into something else . She was starting to have real feelings for him . - Olivia ... - No , I mean , he 's a great guy . And , of course , we 're the same . She would see what I see . We speak the same . We use the same phrases . I 'm reading this and I 'm thinking , this is how I make sense of things . Make sense of feelings . Of Peter . We even use this ... Olivia ? Okay . I think I got something . You need the original printout of the file . Exactly what am I looking for ? When I was little my mother called me Olive . Hers did too . I think this is a letter substitution code . So O-L-l-V-E . O is the 15th letter of the alphabet . So on the 15th page , the 15th name is ... It 's Newton . L is the 12th letter of the alphabet . 12th name on the 12th page . Michael Baird . And I is the ninth letter of alphabet . The ninth name on the ninth page . James Falcon . The 22nd name on the 22nd page is Jackie Bermudez . And the last one is Zach Alpert . Okay , we got them . [ PEOPLE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ON TV ] [ GRUNTS ] Unh ! - Ugh . - Hello , my friend . I was expecting you . Where are you getting your information ? How did you find me ? I know who you are , Peter . You might think that we 're not allowed to kill you . But that doesn 't mean that we can 't hurt you . We can get everything we need from you even if you only have nine fingers or one eye . Peter . [ GRUNTING ] [ SCREAMING ] [ GUNFIRE ] [ PHONE RINGS ] Broyles . OLIVIA : Jackie Bermudez 's apartment was empty . We got a team sitting on it in case she comes back . [ HORN HONKING ] Damn it . - You okay ? - Yeah . So five shapeshifters . - How 'd you break the code ? - Five letters in Olive . Yeah , and Newton , Baird , Falcon are dead . Bermudez is missing . So that leaves one . How 'd you find me , Walter ? I found your notes . Fauxlivia 's file . They were right on your desk . I 'm smart enough to open a phone book . I looked the man up . You killed them all , didn 't you , Peter ? And it 's been useless . I didn 't learn anything from the rest of the data disks . But he 's the last one . He must know something . Peter . I have to know what they know , Walter . I 'm tired of being reactive . Son , this isn 't you . - You can 't just ... - They 're soldiers , Walter . They 're here to kill us . Besides , they 're not even human . And I 'm not doing anything wrong . Then why didn 't you tell us ? If you weren 't doing anything wrong , why didn 't you tell us ? I don 't know what 's happened but this is not you . [ PHONE RINGING ] - Hello . OLIVIA : Peter , it 's me . Good news . We identified the last two shapeshifters . We 're heading to Zach Alpert 's apartment . It 's in Revere . I 'll let you know if we find him . We failed . He got all of them and now he 's gone . We don 't know who he was . We 're always just a step behind . Well , we still have the other Olivia 's computer . Maybe Astrid can learn something . Okay . I should get home . - Bye , Walter . - Bye . Peter , I read her file . You should know that you have nothing to be embarrassed about . Thank you . I think I know what 's happening to you . Every relationship is reciprocal , Peter . When you touch something , it touches you . You 're changing , son . When you touched the machine , it changed you . It weaponized you . So , what do we do now , Walter ? I don 't know . NINA : I understand you have news on the device . Not exactly , but we found these three copies of the first people 's book . NINA : Where did we find them ? One was in a museum . The others , private collections . The owners did not wanna part with them . But it kind of helps when you have unlimited funds . And they all say the same thing ? It 's in three different languages written by three different authors . They 're all published within two years of each other . So forgiving for the translations , they 're almost literally word for word . And what do you make of it ? A civilization that existed millions of years before the dinosaurs ? The planet has been spinning for five billion years . We 've only been around for the past 250,000 . There were six major extinction events before we even crawled out of the slime . So who 's to say that one of them didn 't wipe out a great civilization ? Hmm . There 's another thing . When we put the word out we were looking for copies of the book we found out we weren 't the only ones . A few years ago , somebody started a similar search . - Who ? - William Bell . NINA : Ah . [ English - US - SDH ]
