 Kung Fu is the principal Martial Art form China is the most ardent of countries in propagating this art . These are schools that train in Martial Arts The chief of all these schools is The Shaolin Temple This stands tall as a Buddhist temple and as a school for training in Martial Arts Being the first to teach them this art ... and for having founded the Shaolin Temple ... the man who is revered as God by them even now was the 3rd born prince ofthe Pallava King .. Bodhi Dharman ... a Tamilan 1600 Years Back Kanchipuram , Pallava Dynasty This school is a part ofthe Pallava Dynasty at a time when other countries engaged in human sacrifice ... We ... Along with several other arts Medicine was also a special part ofthe curriculum The cure for several deadly diseases lay in an amazing form of Medicine called ... Sarahasamruthi . An expert in all these forms was Bodhi Dharman Besides Martial Arts He was also well versed in the art of Mesmerism the practice ofwhich enables control ofthe 5 elements As instructed by his Teacher ... The teacher has a rason and a larger god in mind by sending me to China Mother , Faher , thank you for understanding . These are inscriptions I have written ... at the appropriate time , these will prove important and useful ARer a three year long journey on land ... Bodhi Dharman reaches the village of Nanyang in China . The villagers predict that huge danger awaits them On seeing Bodhi Dharman who reaches the village then they assume him to be the evil force They are relieved that the danger has been averted But the real danger ... The deadly disease thet killed millions of people in China struck that village as well . Bodhi Dharman taught his expertise in medicine ... to physicians who came from several parts of China . The village that had recovered from disease had another danger in store Beasts in the human form At a point when people knew only of his medical proficiency .. They realised that he was a Master in the base forms of martial arts " Kalari " and had power to control anyone through hypnotism Never having seen a wonder like that in all their lives The Chinese wanted to learn this art of self defense Bodhi Dharman who was fondly referred as Damo by the Chinese people stayed in the village and taught them his skills . Several years later when he announced his decision to return to his motherland . Once again they misinterpret the Astrological reading Bodhi Dharman realizes that his food has beed poisoned They pleaded that if Bodhi Dharman 's ... mortal remains are buried in that soil ... their county will be rid of any disease in future Bodhi Dharman accepts their plea . Even today , Bodhi Dharman is worshipped ... in the many temples build for him across China . This Tamilan who is being worshipped in places like Japan , China and Thailand is known to how many of us ? Bodhidharma ? Bodhidharma ? I 've never heard of him I swear I don 't know Sory , I don 't know ... no idea I don 't know Bodhidharma ? Who is this ? I don 't even know my grandfather 's name . is this a name of a movie ? Bodhidharma I am hearing this name only from you Sory I don 't know If an art that has been taught and later forgotten by us ... turns against us ? Great Bombay Circus Good news for the people of Chennai . The show that you have been eagerly waiting for ... is here at island grounds , Chennai Two shows daily Three show on weekends Request the people of Chennai come and catch the excitement and enjoy the show Hey , what is happening ? Eveyone is doing their own work . No one is paying attention to us These guys are not going to fall for this Call Arvind on the phone now Oh Ringa Ringa ! Let 's have fun as a gang Yeh Pinga Pinga ! It 's hip hop Song ... Oh ! back then or now ... Friendship never fades You come in as one ... But together we are a thousand gardens ... One by one we become one ... The fun and dancing is due to begin Each day is ( as sweet as ) honey ... A friend 's friend that 's me .. Hey gama gama ! Will my heart behold .. Do what you thought of doing ... Hey gumma gumma ! wil my eyes sleep ... Take what comes your way ... Hey gamma gamma Will my heard behold Do what you thought Hey gumma gumma ! wil my eyes sleep ... Take what comes your way ... Oh Ringa Ringa ! Let 's have fun as a gang ... Yeh Pinga Pinga ! It 's a hip hop song ... Oh ! Back then or now ... Friendship never fades ... You come in as one ... But together we are a thousand gardens ... Ye Aiyle Aiyle Ye Aiyle ... This life is also like a train ... The running or chugging is a style too .. It doesn 't stop even when it does ... Oh Oiyle Oiyile o Oiley ... All the enjoyment is in our hands Life without it is like a prison in this world Jump Reap in plenty ... Refill as it reduces ... learn with clarity Accept the mistakes you know you made ... Hey Gama Gama ! Will my heart behold ... Do what you thought of doing ... Hey guma guma ! Will my eyes sleep Take what come your way ... Hey gama gama ! Will my heart behold ... Do what you thought of doing ... Hey guma guma ! Will my eyes sleep ... Take what comes your way ... We have touched the peak ... We 've joined hands to become a gang We 've played the song of friendship ... . Our hearts have turned buds of a flower Evemhing has become fresh and new ... The minute gone by is old now ... Eveyday is different and new ... Evemhing is ours now ... lt 's going to be fun and dance cause we like it And the more we win more are going to join us ... We touch the clouds as we soar higher And as we realize we gain speed ... Oh ringa ringa ! Let 's have fun as a gang ... Yeh Pinga Pinga ! It 's a hip hop song ... . Oh ! Back then or now Friendship never fades ... You come in as one But together we are a thousand gardens ... One by one we become one ... The fun and dancing is due to begin Each day is honey A friend 's friend that 's me Hey Gama Gama ! Will my heart behold Do what you thought of doing ... Hey Guma Guma ! Will my eyes sleep Take what comes your way Hey gama gama ! will my heart behold Do what you thought of doing ... Hey Guma Guma ! Will my eyes sleep ... Take what comes your way Hey ! come , let 's step out for some time I am not coming you go ahead , I have work Fine then , handle the Boss if he ask for me ... I 'll take some time - Will do - Is that Ok ? OK Don 't keep saying the same thing - Sir , please Sir - NO - Please understand - No way can 't be done lt 's an important project sir . It 's just one day . We are asking you only because it is important No way can 't be done Vey sory , can 't be done Please understand I am telling you over and over again ... .. it can 't be done . - lt 's vey important project - l can 't hadle you Arvind , you talk to them Wait , If all ofyou speak at the same time ... we won 't get it , one ofyou speak Sir , we are actually genatic engineering students We need to work on a project - Hang on , - forthat Why you don 't tell us We are genetic engineering students We need a monkey for our research We need it only for a day ifwe take it in the morning we 'll return the monkey by 5p.m He is asking us for 10 , OOO Rupees The department gives us just 1 , OOO Rupees , we are students What if something happens to the monkey ... Yes , What if something happens to the monkey lt 's an important monkey for us . It 's difficult Nothing will happen you can come with us ifyou want You can be with us the whole day come back with the monkey in the evening . OK ? OK , I will come just one day lf it becomes _ o days you have you have to take permission from my boss One day is fine Boss I 'll bring bananas for you when I come back Keep quiet you will ask for 2 , OOO rupees just for yourself I don 't want any money Pay 1 , 100 for the monkey ... - We 'll take 1 100 Rupees - ok We 'll be back then Not happening you can take this guy for free he 's jobless The monkey is more important to me your wish then , let 's go - They 're going to leave - Let them go Let 's accept their offer for 1 , OOO Rupees Let me get you another 50 from them Deduct it from my salay - No need - Hey girls wait ... listen to me No need , go Let them go , get going What 's up Arvind ... So near yet so far ... didn 't manage it ? You 're going to get it from me Hey , it 's her , Get this off get this off now stop lt 's over don 't get scared what happened ? It 's that girl - Which girl ? - That girl at the circus - How do you know ? - l know Hey Arvind cary me Sory , I am feeling dizzy and all chummed up inside yes that 's how you will be ... ifyou get on to a roller coaster with a full stomach am sure you feel like throwing up ? I said I felt dizzy aRer seeing her Hey Arvind , don 't go Arvind wait for me this is a good route too .. Hey take me along Do something you look like the monkey at the circus take a good picture That ride was great fun we must ty it again Hey look at this He 's there in all the pictures Subha Hey , they 're looking They are staring - Hi - Hi - Bye - Bye - Tea ? - Let me up I am vey tired lfyou follow a girl around for an hour even aRer she has chased you away you will of course be tired The phone 's ringing lt 's not my phone lt 's ringing in your pocket Yes it is , but it 's not my phone Will you have Tea ? 2 cups of Tea , please It 's her phone How did you flick it ? Then You rogue you 're probably the only guy who 's flicked a phone ... .. from a girl you have you eyes on Hey , I flicked itjust to return it She will thank me when I return it won 't she ? Oh , all right . Fine go return it She 's there ? You just said you were going to return it . I said I am going to return it . did I say I am going to return it now ? I 'll return it tomorrow - Why ? If I give it now , she 'll stop with a ' Thanks' lf l return it tomorrow . I 'll get a meeting with the ' Thanks' Attend the call Why ? If I take the call now , She 'll think I am jobless She will be restless wondering ifthe call is going to be attended Must have lost the connection Hello ! Hello ! My name is Subha This phone is mine . I lost it this morning How sad Please the phone has a lot of important information Don 't wory it 's with me ifyou tell me where you are I 'll come and take it . No , you tell me the place I 'll come and give it to you Tomorrow morning 10'O clock Ampa Skywalk Morning 10'o clock , Ampa Skywalk , OK Thank you so much , So kind ofyou lt 's fine. I happened to find and it 's safe What if someone else found it . will you be this careless with the phone ? No sir , I am always careful a guy from the circus was there suddenly he was there in three of the pictures we took don 't know if he was following us or whether it was a co-incidence lost the phone in that confusion yeah , Let 's meet tomorrow and I 'll give you the phone We 'll speak relaxy then I send you my number save it . I am Mr.Arvind Ok Mr.Arvind. This is my friends phone I 'll call you from this number - OK - Plrease keep my phone safely Superb as planned , this phone 's going to help you meet your love .. Catch I was practicing catches ! Hello ! Hello ! this is Subha , I am here at the ground floor You 've brought my phone right ? Yes I have . Can you see a Mickey Mouse there ? Yes Go to it and say the first letter ofyour name Why ? Ifyou want the phone , then tell it s " s " is the first letter of my name Hello , there 's just one half of it ! Do you see a flower shop on the first floor ? Yes Go there and say the second letter My second letter is " U " Can you see a KFC in front ofyou ? Yes ls there a guy before the last table in a brown T-shirt talking over the phone with someone ? - Yes - Do you know who he is talking to ? How would I know ? He 's talking to you But you are talking to me now ... Come the balance piece Soyr , didn 't realize it was you on the phone ... Hey , It 's fine . So what ? please sitdown ARer press the second piece You were in all the 3 photos had my doubts because ofthat lt 's good to be cautious Anyway , I am Subha Subha Srinivasan Arvind I am getting a call as soon as I switch the phone on Hello ! Ya got it . am with a friend Can I call you in fom fice minutes ? Yes Is it Wednesday today ? Oh what time ? I am leaving right away Arvind , No , not you speak ... Hello this is Subha speaking Hi , how are you ? You 're having a super ride on an elephant Where are you ? How did you know ? There is a bridge next to you can you see it ? Yes There is a bus stop far away can you see it ? Yes I can see There 's a girl in a black dress and .. a red shawl talking on the phone . Yes Do you know who she is talking to ? To me , that 's you .. Stop ... Stop ! How are you ? I am good sory i couldn 't speak to you properly the other day That 's OK . We can talk today Where are you going ? I am going to a friend 's house Come , let me drop you On an elephant ? No way , I am scared Do you like Elephants or not ? Yes , I do liked them since I was kid Why are you worried then , com on eveyone will look it will seem ood Don 't wory about all that Don 't get scared . I am there , climb up Put your leg , take my hand Yes , that 's it . It 's poking me Can 't lay tiles on the elephant That 's elephant hair Where are you going ? Lakshmi is not well going to the hospital ls she coming behind us ? Lakshmi is the elephant She is not well Oh my god , are we sitting on a patient ? Can 't cary an elephant can we ? You are the _ ilight drizzle ... You 're the search from my previous birth ... You 're that faraway song that I hear when I am fast asleep You 're the flower laden path ... You 're the dawn of morning ... And even as it dawns ... You 're the dream that meets me in the corner of my eye Hey girl , In front ofyou ... My heart melts inside on its own ... Girl , when you come in front of me there are vey few words that can descripe myjoy You 're the _ ilight drizzle You 're the search from my previous birth ... You 're that faraway song that I hear when I am fast asleep You 're the flower laden path You 're the dawn of morning And even as it dawns ... . You 're the dream that meets me in the corner of my eye ... Hey beautiful . Hey ( girl with ) beautiful eyelashes ... Even if it is in disarray your tresses are a thing of beauty even if it falls your shadow is a thing of great beauty ... The clouds get thirsty and sprinkle down as rain just to touch you And aRer touching you , its thirst quenched itjoins in the sea Hey girl , In front ofyou My heart melts inside on its own ... Girl , when you come in fornt of me ... there are vey few words that can describe myjoy ... Be it dawn or be it dusk . It 's a restless search to see you ... And only when my eyes find you does my day go on Oh girl , like a spinning top , you have me turn in circles ... I stop nowhere ... And each day I stay suspended You have me hanging mid air . without saying ( your ) love Hey girl in front ofyou My heart melts inside on its own Girl when you come in front of me There are vey few words that can describe myjoy ... You 're the _ ilight drizzle You 're the search from my previous birth ... . You 're that faraway song that I hear when I am fast asleep ... You 're the flower laden path ... . You 're the dawn of morning ... . And even as it dawns ... you 're the dream that meets me in the corner of my eye ... You look happy today My relatives are coming from my hometown They are here to watch the circus Hometown ? Aren 't you from chennai ? No , it 's Kancheepuram they are coming from there Block some 20 seats in the front row They have come Uncle how are you ? How is aunty ? Uncle , you 've brought granny along as well . How are you aunt ? - l am fine What have you sown in the fields ? Nothing this season Why don 't you join the circus with me ? Our house is like a mini circus by itself , take all ofthem . How can I do that , Aunt 's put on weight Hey Gowri how are you ? - Fine - Which class are you now ? 10th Grade lt 's her halfyearly holidays now What a grand Lineage we had ... look at what he has to do for a living - l am doing fine Don 't start off on all this , why don 't you let the kid eat in peace Here , eat the sweets we made back home for you ... Are these made at home ? God ! they 've rung the bell I have to put on my make up Who wants to come and watch ? - l want to - Come on join He did not even eat what we brought - Can you ... - Stop cribbing please Hey girls ... Hey girl , Hello Who are you calling out to like this ? Hey you They are calling you - Yes you - Who ? How are you ? who are you ? Don 't you remember ? You came to our town a year and a half back you enquired about the lineage of Bodhi Dharman ? That wasn 't me . why is she saying this ? don 't you remember this girl ? No , I don 't She came home and did a blood test She asked about our ancestors our lineage . That girl seemed a little fat Oh come on Hey girl , you came home and enquired a lot about Arvind I don 't understand what you are talking about I don 't know anyone called Arvind There must be some confusion sory . Excuse me Why is this girl saying this ? Even I have feeling I 've seen this girl ARer I give this gir to her tomorrow She has to fall in love with me , just for this I made this myself . Really ? Do you know these things ? Did you read what is written there ? My friend Malathi loves dolls You could have made one for her too Make for her the next time ok ? Fine , I am going out are you coming ? Me ? Are you coming ? Come One Minute Hey did you give the gir ? - Yes - Hey Arvind has given the gir . what did she say ? She said I love you too No , That ' l love you too " had no feeling in it . It was just like saying " Today is Wednesday " Hug , nowadays girls say I love you for evemhing Father says " l Love You " to his son Mother says " l Love you " to her daughter lt 's became like a ' hi ' and a ' Bye' The situation is turning different J I am inside the ATM he is outside He gave me a gir today and said " l love you " I said something and just handled it What do we do ? Be careful be tactful while telling him Remember ... We need him Handle it carefully She 's talking non-stop what do I do ? all right she is coming I 'll talk later Shall we go ? " Goverment Museum " Arvind stay here for _ o minutes I 'll be back - OK Subha , I have been waiting for you Have you brought it ? Ye , I have How is your research going ? I completed the research 4 months back I have sent my thesis to China and US I have application for permission here . - Is that so ? You 've taken a big risk for me Uncle lt 's lying idle , let it be of use at least to you The inspection is tomorrow lt 's fine ifwe keep it back before that . You 've told the guy , haven 't you ? Will you be free at 10.OO am tomorrow ? I want to talk to you Sure , we can talk . I need to talk to you too We are probably going to speak about the same thing - Uncle - Who 's that girl ? did you see her . She 's my girl . - Wait let me call her - Stop it For how long do you know her ? Around 2 and a half months . Why ? 2 and a half months ? Do you know she has been searching for you for the last 1 and halfyears ? No way She came here to find a monkey for research . that 's when I met her for the first time . She wasn 't looking for a monkey she 's looking for you she came to our town One and a halfyears back She was enquiring about the lineage of Bodhi Dharman and took blood tests of all our relatives She compared the portrait of Bodhi dhrman with your photo and enquired about your name where you work and all ofthat I saw her here aRer that She acted as if she knew nothing She said she didn 't know you Your Aunt told me then I didn 't believe her And now she 's dropping you off and waving out to you Arvind hey l just dropped you Who are you ? Have you been following me for one and halfyear ? Tell me ... What do you want from me ? Arvind no ... Look here Evemhing is a plan ... You 've cheated me with a plan That is what I wanted to speak to you about tomorrow I am doing a research I was a fool to believe you eveyone asked me why you were behind me I never struck me Lies , Lies all of it . She 's done a post morterm on me when I am alive I tried telling you earlier Arvind Why did you have to ? do you explain things to lab rats or rabbits I tried telling you even on the second day You were the one who got it confused ... with love and all ofthat Had I told you I didn 't love you I was afraid you wouldn 't agree to the research I was wondering how to tell you lfyou assume love blooms even ifwe just shake hands What can I do ? don 't utter a word You were the one who followed me eveywhere You will do anything to get yourjob done give away anything Arvind , don 't ... Your words seem to mean something else I mean it all ways It 's your fault that you 've never socialized with girls For someone who has only been around animals even if a girl just smiles , it will seem like love . Yes I thought it was love ... the animals have never smiled at me . neither did they put up an act with me You smiled ... and I believed you Nothing you did is wrong My falling in love is the only thing that is wrong Yes What else do you know besides love ? Throw your love in the trash ... My dearest my love ... Why did you go away from me My heart 's been wounded ... Mu butterfly has lost its colour . A man 's love is like the lines on the palm ( permanent ) A women 's love is like the kerchief ( Momentay ) I kept her in my dreams ... . but she has stolen my eyes ... She gave me a flute but walked away with my breath ... Many men have been way laid by women ... And now I am the last to have joined this list ... lfyou dive down to get a pearl You will hold your breath on your own ... ARer you get the pearl of love your heart will go made cause ofthe woman She has gone away from me Her eyes have lied Love is nothing but useless talk . My heart 's wounded because ofyou The path of love is filed with thorns ... There 's no men who 's got past it Love is like an intoxicating drug lfyou take it . It 's a tough journey ahead My dearest my love ... why did you go away from me My heart 's been wounded My butterfly has lost its colour A bamboo that has holes can play music A heart that has been drilled with hurt still sings a song on you A chariot from the divine garden is who I believed you were I am now sorromul cause I realise you 're just a strand and not the flowe it holds Don 't steal me with a plan Don 't stand aRer and ( pretend to ) brood Don 't distrub me like the black ant My heartjust can 't bear this You are the contour ofthe rainbow Where have you gone past my sky ls there a place that has no love ? Can you blindfold me and take me there My dearest My love Why did you go away from me My heart 's been wounded , My butterfly has lost its colour Arvind Won 't you leave me ? I cannot leave you Poor guy He hasn 't slept a wink He has been looking lost Can you come out for an hour with me ? Yeah right this is how you took him earlier and ditched him What fault can you find with Arvind ? Keep quiet Just come out with me for an hour Hey go along ... . You go and wait near the bike GOVERMENT MUSEUM Why did you ask me to come ? I 'll tell you There 's a stoy behind each and evey thing here Those of us living here today are not true Tamilians The ones who taught the world about Valour and civilization many thousand years back they were the truw Tamilians This is not a museum This is a memorial for the many Tamilians who lived like that Will you believe me if I said our ancient study of sciences is around 500 years ahead of today 's modern science ? Today , space research scientists tell you about ... . ... the 9 planets and their names with the help of a telescope But several 1000 years back we worshipped the 9 planets in our temples How was that ? How was Ayabhatta able to gauge ... . the weight ofthe earth 1500 years back ? The forecast says it will rain tomorrow but it 's doesn 't They say it will be sunny but it rains ... That 's modern science They can accurately arrive at the full moon or no moon day for even 20 years with our Almanac ( Panchangam ) That is our science ... Look at this Book This book and I have no connection ... But you have a connection with this book Do you know who wrote this book ? The Great Master 'Bodhi Dharman' A tamilian Osho calls him another Buddha ... Before we find out what is in this book ... let 's go to one more place Look at these childrens . All ofthem have Cancer Cancer when they are I or 8 what harm did they do ? Did they smoke ? Or did they eat guthka ? Why this disease at such a young age ? They are mentally challenged children ... While all other kids go to school happily they are struggling for life What is the reason for this ? Genatic disorder A man 's DNA determines his disease as well as his talents . Each call in our body has this DNA ln simple words ... hereditay disease hereditay behavior .. both come through DNA Heart attack , Knee pain , Diabetes the disease that those children had .. the root of all this is in our hereditay DNA Diseases and defects that are passed on through DNA ... can be rectified in the DNA itself this is what my research is about One more important thing ... We can also bring back hereditay talents through this DNA research An artist , A warrior 's hereditay DNA will still cary those talents . By stimulating them we can bring back those hereditay talents Bodhi Dhrman has written about this in that book 1600 years back a book that was written 1600 years back speaks about DNA research ? We need to see these great people as Scientists not as Gods . 2 years back a research organization ... Dug up the place were bodhi Dharman was buried Look at here They got DNA details of Bodhi Dhraman through his hair and teeth from his mummified remains I saw this on the internet This is Bodhi Dharman 's DNA I learnt that people from Bodhidharma 's lineage .. Your relatives still lived near Kancheepuram I want in search ofthem 'KANCHIPURAM' I tested them to check if Bodhi Dharman 's DNA pattern matched anyone ofyour relatives That 's when I went to your Uncle 's house I saw something amazing in that house A picture ofyours that had a striking resemblance in Bodhi Dharaman I took your hair sample from a comb you had used As I guessed your DNA pattern matched Bodhi Dharman 's more then 800 / o I came in search ofyou aRer that When you got hurt at the circus and were admitted at the hospital ... I took all the test that were needed for my research through the docters Bodhi Dharman 's talents are there in your DNA This is called genetic memoy When this memoy is activated , Bodhi Dharman 's talents will come in to you Can bring back the Bodhi Dharman who lived 1600 years back with the same talents How will those talents be useful today Bodhi dharman was a great Medical practitioner ln our county 's mountains are filled with thousands of herbs that cure severa diseases . The details ofthese were erased with the many invasions that happened later Bodhi Dharman knew the use of evey leaf and evey root . That ( knowledge ) should benefit the whole world All this can happen only ifyou agree to it . what should I do now ? Hey what are you doing there ? Yes , you ? He doesn 't look like a Gurkha .. Who are you ? What are you doing ? Getup Look at what this is ... Needle , Medicine , Gloves , Box ... I can see the skeleton Who are you man ? - Thanks Arvind - For what ? For agreeing to be a part of my research The meeting that is going to happen now , it 's been my dream for 3 years What 's with 3 years ? I started my research 3 years back I 've taken a lot of refernces and have finished it theoratically Sent it to America , China , Canada None ofthe countries responded though why , can 't this research be done in India Yes can but need Goverment permission to conduct research on a live person That 's why this meeting Vey big scientists are going to be a part ofthe meeting but I can explain my research vey clearly This is my prof.Rangarajan He is well connected with all the scientists in the world He encourages me a lot I have to cite a lot of examples from Tamil histoy and Tamil Medicine to support my findings Can I speak in Tamil ? Bodhi Dharman was a near equal to Buddha He lived in the 6th Centuy He was well accomplished in Martial Arts and Medicine when I did a DNA test on family members from his lineage I found that Arvind 's DNA had most of Bodhi Dharman 's talents My research is about activating this genetic memoy This is advanced DNA research Even America is at a preliminay stage in this No Sir , Bodhi Dharman has written the methodology for this in a book You cannot do DNA research based on a Tamil book Should we ignore a book only because it 's written in Tamil ? This has become a fashion Mr.Nelson They bring up Tamil for evemhing . Nuisance Yes .. if English which is 800 years old is important to you .. Tamil , which is 20 , OOO years old is important to us . It 's just been 2 lakh years since mankind evolved but been . 10 lakh years since Monkeys did Does that make monkey more important than humans ? Tamil is like the monkey lt 's been around longer but of no use Let him utter one more wrong word about Tamil and he 's had it ... Eveyone here knows Tamil , right ? Then why snigger when I speak in Tamil ? Isn 't your grandfather from the village nearby ? Will you forget Tamil because you are settled in Germany ? If one has grey hair and speaks in English , you 'll believe You 'll laugh if one speaks in Tamil How can youngsters achieve anything ? Reservation , recommendation corruption ... That 's why all the talented ones are running away abroad The English came here and enslaved us now we go there and enslave ourselves What 's the difference ? This is why I did not want to call youngsters . is she a girl ? She said she 'll hit us what happened ? People abroad don 't respect us because we are Indians People here don 't respect us because we are Tamilians What are they saying ? They are not ready to even listen Excuse me ... We read your assignment yesterday . It will be successful for sure . But they won 't encourage you here you head to the U.S Won 't they listen to all ofyou Sory sir , Ifwe say something they play with our internal exams - How ? - This is our numbers lfyou need any help with your research please call us ls any alternatives ? - We can not do without their support Are you , Subha Srinivasan ? Yes its me There 's an enquiy Don 't be afraid .Can we go to the station Can I come along ? Most certainly , come Do you know that boy ? Santhosh ! Who stays below my house Why is he ... . He slashed his father 's neck Man 's dead on the spot This happened in front ofyour house He 's bluffering says some Japanese or Chinese man came in search ofyou ... Santhosh I didn 't do anything Dad heared a noise and went to check A Chinese man was tying to open your door He tried stopping him and was enquiring with him I followed him ... I don 't know anything aRer that He has been saying the same thing again and again He is the man He came .. Run ... He is looking for you Go away , he is coming in search ofyou Sir , go away ... Listen to me please ... What are you doing ? Who is he Sir ? Don 't stay here Please go He just looked and the policeman fired Who is he ? I didn 't even believe it when the boy spoke about him .. How ? That 's Hypnotism That went from India But why has he come from china What is the need to kill us ? Don 't know why ? Turn the auto around We need to go back there turn the auto around Hey , why ? We 've just escaped from him Where has he come from ? Why is he killing ? We have no clue Let 's find out something Turn the auto around Arvind , let 's not take a risk Follow that car , trun around Someone who helps him is here Isn 't this the Professor ? Arvind Come in , quick This doesn 't look like a professor 's house We don 't know when they are going to be back search quickly before they are back You haven 't told me what to search for Search for some connection be _ een this Chinese man and the professor . Ifyou find something odd tell me about it ok ? Arvind I am tense not knowing when they 're coming back I asked you to search some impotant place and you are searching the trash ? Ifyou want to know something good about a man ... look at the Books he reads ifyou want to know the bad search his trash In trahs _ o mails They planning something called operation red in India They have sent someone called Dong Lee for that This Chinese man 's name is probably Dong Lee But what is the link with this professor ? They have illegally given him 300 Crores in Indian money - 300 Crores ? - Yeah I will send a copy of this mail to my mail This seems like something big Let 's meet the Professor at the College tomorrow itself We 'll threaten him with the things from your mail and find out what this is about Can I meet you at the Departnebt tomorrow ? Yes , I want to speak to you about that research He 's asking him for an idea They are looking for us they will ask to meet at a public place , not in the department Subha , can we meet at the Alwarpet signal tomorrow ? Not at the department ... We can chat up at any coffee shop around there Ok sir thank you He has asked to meet near the Alwarpet signal at 9'o clock Let 's wait and see who the real prey is going to be Been wanting to ask you for a long while Where 's your family ? Are they from Chennai ? These questions struck you just now ? Dad was a big Sidha practitioner in Tanjavur . Vey talanted He could easily cure diseases that even big doctors could not diagnose This affected their business hence they framed charges on him cakked him a quack and Jailled him for 3 years He stopped speaking to people and died shortly aRer that that health centre at Thanjavur has been converted into lodge I get rent My friend 's house is near by we can freshen up there in the morning You don 't sleep please forwarded message at this time Subscriber sleeping I have to stop eating rice immediately Have to start power yoga again I look fatter when looking at the mirror Abi and I had a big fight today She wants me to tell Arvind that she interested in him lf l refuse , she asks me if I am in love with him Why ? Shouldn 't I ? He kind of agreed to the research in his love failure mood But I shouldn 't get confused with all that now This is not love but if I am with him I am happy feel fearless ... Let 's look at things aRer the research A forward message You were sleeping ... get a message Yellae Lema Yelley Yelama My heart springs without telling me She came in to the heart corner and are the waves of love going to engulf me her glance flashed across my window pane And in a flash of lightening I was drawn by the golden rays of love And my legs leaped to touch the skies Yellae Lama Yelley Yelama My heart springs without telling me She came in to the hearts corner and are the waves of love going to engulf me his glance flashed across my window pane And in a flash of lightening I was drawn by the golden rays of love And my legs leaped to touch the skies Nemon discovered gravity As the apple fell to earth I discovered the gravity ofyour eyes , as I fell in love with you Beethoven composed music without being able to hear Friend , you love me without telling me You 're the one who kind of checked me out You 're the one who has my heart unsettled And I 've turned more and more handsome dear Yellae Lama Yelley Yelama My heart springs without telling me he came in to the hearts corner and are the waves of happiness going tp engulf me Her glance flashed across my window pane And in a flash of lightening I was drawn by the golden rays of love And my legs leaped to touch the skies without a small root without the drop ofwater without the warm of sunlight you gave me the happiness to bloom without leaning on my shoulders without slight touch ofyour hands without the shadow ofyour touch you 've stolen me away Shall we create a world just for the _ o of us shall we tell the day thatjust the night will do for us and with nothing more to do come lets be in love Yellae Lama Yelley Yelama My heart springs without telling me she come into the hearts corner and are the waves of love going to engulf me her glance flashed across my window pane And in a flash of lightening I was drawn by the golden rays of love And my legs leaped to touch the skies - Where do you have to go ? - to the post office tell me Subha where are you ? You said you will apply for leave and be back We have to meet the professor at 9 am The time is 9.10am now I 'm coming there only .. by bus by bus ... ? Are you even serious ? I am waiting here because you asked me to OK how to meet the professor Dong Lee would be with him right ? Message the professor 's number to me there 's a 30 acre propem coming upon ECR would you like to buy it ? Who are you ? What do you want ? Heard you received 300 Crores Rupees from China Asked you because you would need some investments What are you talking about ? I don 't understad How would you understand if I speak in Tamil ? Yu would understand If I speak in Chinese That 's where a lot oftransactions happen these days You are playing with danger aRer hearing some hlaf baked information Shut up ! Have seized information about the 300 Crores . from China and about Operation Red from your computer I need that . Give it back to me what am going to do with that I need answers for 2 questions Why does he want to kill Subha ? What is Operation Red ? I am getting another call I 'll call you back ls your Chinese buddy calling you ? Ifyou dare hange up all news channels will flash information about Operation Red this evening No don 't What should I do ? get in to an Auto - An auto ? - get in to an auto Did you get in ? Where should I go ? Ask him to go to Pary 's Corner Go to Pary 's Corner Where are you now ? Am at the Mount Road signal Get offthe auto and walk fast on the platform Why ? Get offthe auto and walk fast on the platform Can you see a Subway there ? Get in to the Subway Have you got in ? Go up at the Shanthi theater point Have you gone up ? Get in to the bus in front ofyou What 's up ? All of a sudden ... - come in What happened sir ? - Who hit you Sir ? - Me Do you know what he did ? He has been paid 300 crores Rupees from China They are going to do something called Operation Red Tell me what that is Operation Red is a Bio War waged by China on India Bio War means ? Earlier when countries were at war they had sword fights then they shot at each other from a distance later launched missiles and dropped nuclear bombs from wherever they were but this bio war neither gun nor a missile I 's a virus In the 6th centuy millions of people in China died of a virus called " Hong Se " Dong Lee is the specialist sent to re-create the same virus and spread it across India He has injected that virus to a street dog In 24 hours , the injected dog would be ... fully affected by the disease By now this disease would have spread to many dogs from dogs it will spread to humans quickly Earlier scientists discovered cure to diseases These days they invent new diseases No one can find a cure to this disease But the Chinese has a medicine to treat this disease its the medical notes Bodhi Dharman wrote more then 1600 year back In 60 days more than 30 million ofthe Indian population will die .. .. because ofthis disease When people get frantic without a cure for this disease China will release their medicine To get this medicine India will have to agree to any policies China poses That 's the reason for this Bio War Oh My But why is he behind Subha ? I sent Subha 's thesis to China three months back Bodhi Dharman 's DNA research was a shock to them lf Bodhi Dharman 's talents can be activated he can easily find a cure for this disease He is tying to kill both of you in order to avoid this What do you want ! Will you do anything for money ? We already have problems of spurious medicines and fake doctors And as if existing diseases are not enough now a new one ? won 't you think that this disease can get your family too ? Arvind one second We need to find out ifthis disease has spread in the city My Uncle works with the City Corporation can find out ifwe call him Tell me Ashwin I need urgent information ls there a new disease that has spread in the city ? has someone died ? also want to know from the veterinay hospital lfthere is a new disease that is spreading to dogs Give me 20 minutes I 'll call you myself He said he 'll call in 20 minutes Yes , it was our car that leR from the Mount Road post office at 9.30am lt was booked by Subha Srinivasan But can 't tell you where we dropped her lt 's against our rules to give you the details The car will be there in 10 minutes Haven 't you leR yet ? Can 't give details for a name like that Hello Uncle tell me Ashwin you were right 6 people got admitted at Madha hospital yesterday ofthem one died at 8.30 and another at 1 1 .3O They are unable to diagnose the ailment More than 300 dogs have come in for treatment at ... .. the veterinay hospital on the same day This is all I have for now Ok we need to go to Madha hospital immediately What do we do with him ? Imran , is there a land line in this room ? - No Let 's take the stairs - Where is the general ward ? - Third floor God ! It 's the same disease that came in the 6th centuy Bodhi Dharman went to China to stop this coming to India and now it 's here What a huge betrayal need to find that Chinese man and kill him No Arvind that 's not important now The disease that he has spread is more dangerous lfwe keep patients in the general ward the disease will spread faster We need to shiR the patients into isolation immediately Ashwin , contact the health minister and explain the situation Imran , collect medical reports of all these patients and mail WHO Give the full details about the disease through telegram and mail Nisha , Malathi both ofyou contact news channels and explain Arvind , I 'll go and meet the Dean ofthis hospital You go and find out where the Chief Doctor is What are you saying ? A disease that came in 6th centuy ? - Yes Doctor this disease came to China in the 6th centuy and lakhs of people died because of it A man called Bodhi Dharman from Kanchipuram went there and cure it Oh ! the first doctor who went abroad Now that disease has come back to India 3 ofthose patients are admited in your hospital What are you saying ? Patients in bed numbers 16 , ll and 18 in the general ward Oh the patients from Ayanavaram That 's Chicken pox lfwe give a dose of anti viral they 'll get discharged on Monday No doctor , they need to be isolated immediately lfyou keep them in general ward it will spread to other patinets in 3 days ShiR them to a private ward immediately and give face masks to the Doctors and nurses attenting to them Look here girl , need to do the blood test urine culture and all ofthat lt will take 5 days for the results to come They 'll be treated for chicken pox till then We 'll change medication ifthey don 't get better Doctor please ty to understand we can 't have time for that I don 't have time either I have to attend the out patients The chief doctor is vey strict you can 't see him without bribe Hey ! this is vey important - Hello Arvind - Yes Subha Get out ofthe hospital through the back gate Why ? Dong Lee has come here in search of us Where is he now ? Arvind don 't be in hury We can 't do anything to him evemhing will get wasted if he spots you Where should I come now ? Come to the rear side of the hospital , I 'll get there too Hello , this Dong lee Dong Lee how are you ? I tried controlling someone 's mind I don 't know why but I couldn 't I need to speak to the master That 's impossible Dong Lee can control anyone mind where is he now ? He is in Tamil Nadu , South India - He shouldn 't be there - whn - Ask him to come back - l cannot come Why couldn 't I control his mind ? DAMO ! That 's Damo 's bloodline We have killed Damo himself Let 's see what his blood can do Call them and ask them to come here He 's here He 's looking for us Where ? He 's coming towards you look down Did Subha call ? I believe he came to the hospital ls seems like a big problem She 's asked us to come too What happened Subha ? He 's more dangerous that we thought he was We 've fled to save our live Arvind ... What happened Arvind ? Back then in Tamil Nadu lf a male child was born dead they 'd make a maek on his chest before buying him They told never to show your back and flee at war and today was it really brave that we ran to save our lives ? and now they 've come to Tamil Nadu to strike us We can only run from them It was different back then You said we taught Valour to the world Can you see we are getting beaten in anywhere now We have to hit back He shouldn 't get back alive from our land No Arvind , he 's too powerful We can 't win against him Right we can 't That 's what we 've told ourselves and locked up our valour along with the swards at the museum We need to bring that out Arvind we need to first understand our situation Our neighboring county fought in the name ofValour did they win ? We only died Get the difference be _ een Valour and Betrayal lf 9 countries got together to kill 1 Tamilian ... that is not called Valour That 's Betrayal I understand Arvind I didn 't say we should let him go We have to first stop the disease that is spreading by the minute . Then go aRer him Both look impossible in the different situation lt 's possible Only one person can cure the disease and destroy him Bodhi Dharman We need to start that DNA research We need to bring back Bodhi Dharman 's talents Let 's hit back at him the way you wanted We should strike back so hard that no one in the darkest unseen comer ofthe world will dare to raise his hands on a Tamilian We need a Human Genetic Lab for that No one should know about it He shouldn 't spot us for 12 days - Ther 's a lab I know - wait lf no one should know where we are going to before 12 days one ofyou needs to stay back and help from the out side And even he should not know our whereabouts We need to de-activate all our SIM cards just 2 new SIM cards One for us and the other for Malathi All the things we need will come through Malathi but she won 't know where we are going to be I 'll tell you how Malathi , throw out your cell phoen SIM card We 'll send you a new card Now tell us where the lab is This is the Adayar bridge This is Gandhi Madapam This is the Cancer Institute The lit campus is in be _ een this This is the place Ashwin was talking about There is a big forest behind lit lit is spread across 650 acres Ofthis 450 acres is a forest No one knows of such a big forest within the city This is the composites Technology Centre This the Machine Dynamic Centre The Genetic Engineering Lab is 4 kms from here We are going to this Lab What if someone comes there in 12 days ? Luckily it 's the Semester holidays time now lt will be closed for the next 18 days It 's all German equipments in there lfwe need medicines or herbs We 'll get them through Malathi When will Ashwin come ? He 'll bring the keys to the Lab buy the new SIM cards and come here by 1 1 pm Has eveyone de-activated their SIM cards . - Done Lets go What 's leR my friend ? For many days now we have lost ourselves Can you not believe ? Can we not do ? Let 's make tomorrow the day of victoy There 's no one to stop us ther 's no one to access you any less Let 's agree to walk with faith What is that you don 't have ? What 's the yearning in you eyes ? With pain is victoy always born lfwe rise we will rise like the waves lfwe fall we will fall like the seed We will rise and soar again and again We will firm this up more and more Our lives will melt inside Army ofyouth , come on , Arise What 's leR my friend ? for many days now we have lost ourselves Can you not believe ? Can we not do it ? Let 's make tomorrow the day of victoy when the mind thinks the same thing each day the heart will help you achieve it The horizan is within our reach Let 's get all our hands together When we sow good seeds can cactus grow from it ? Even ifwe have come past many generations will the valour handed down ever go away ? One mind one character one track for the future The same strenght the same will power , within and outside our bodies The mysterious disease that has been spreading has claimed 1 18 lives in Tamil Nadu so far People are on the roads protesting against the lack of medical facilities A hospital in Kallakurichi was attacked for refusing treatments The central Minister for health has condemned the violence We bear a weapon around our necks in our arena We taste the weapon the power in our words , in our language Will the blazzing sun ever disappear because ofthe mist ? Will the eyes ever sleep before seeing the enemy 's defeat ? Now we have come together have joined hands There we see the place in front of our eyes There 's no one to stop us there 's no one to assess you any less Lets agree to walk with faith What is it that you don 't have ? What 's the yearning in your eyes ? With pain is victoy always born lfwe rise , we will rise live the waves lfwe fall we will fall like the seed We will ise and soar again and again We will firm this up more and more Our lives will melt inside Army ofyouth come on Arise What is it ? Did you check for evemhing in the list ? Imran , how is Malathi 's phone with you ? Where is Malathi ? Why are you giving the address now ? What happened Imran ? We cannot continue the research now He must be heading here now Today is the last day do you want us to run just to save our lives ? No subha Arvind 's life is more important than ours now Bodhi Dharman 's DNA is important lf not us , someone else will continue this research aRer 50 years hence but for that to happen Arvind must live But where do we take Arvind sunlight shouldn 't fall on his body Even ifwe all die , we will save Arvind 's life . Come Cover his hands - Subha - What ? Dong Lee is here Just as it is imporant for a lost kid to know about name of parents and the address it 's important for us to know our histoy We 've forgotten our science because we have forgetten our histoy The many rulers who ruled us didn 't want us to know ... .. about our Greatness or Valour they hide it from us on purpose They erased our identity in the name of conversion be it ... .. Language , Race or Religion They made us burn priceless ancient Palm leaf inscriptions during the Bogi festival What 's worse .. Records of histoy numerous inventions thousands of rare books were burnt to ashes in Yazhpanam libray Know our histoy and teach it to those who don 't know about it Don 't give a religious connotation to the usage ofturmeric talk about the science behind it teach them it is an anti-biotic And because we failed to do that a county that doesn 't grow turmeric has taken the patent rights for it To avoid germs from entering the house ... cowdung was sprinkled and kolam was drawn as we did not teach this why we are sticking kolams in tiles Tell tham neem tree thulasi tree in house is all medicines We must teach our next generation on how we ... were living . We were the pathbeares for this world .. And because we have not done this we lost evemhing and We are awe struck by smaller countries and are tying to toe their line That 's not all just like we send export quality clothes and fruits abroad we are also exporting intelligent Tamilians We 've not only forgotten Bodhi Dharman but several thousands of great scholars and great minds that lived here They are all alive in your DNA They are alive in our blood lt 's not that you have to bring them out only through research you can bring them out through our efforts Tribute to destroyed Tamilians and unbeaten Tamil
