 WALTER : The escalator is infested with nanites . The longer they 're in the bloodstream , the more sensitive they become . Causing them to spontaneously combust . NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : JESSICA : Am I gonna die ? OLIVIA : Jessica . - I just want you to focus on me , okay ? - Okay . [ SOBS ] OLIVIA : Walter , what just happened to me ? - Cortexiphan has given you certain kinetic powers . Jones ! [ BOTH GRUNT ] I knew Jones ' plan was too ingenious that it had to have come from Belly . He 's alive , Nina . I 'll prove it to you . ASTRID : Walter . - What are you folk doing here really ? MAN : Unh ! ASTRID : Walter , come on . [ GUNFIRE ] WALTER : Oh , no . I 'm not sure I ever thought I would see you again . Hello , old friend . BELL : The Bible tells us God created his universe in seven days . [ CHUCKLES ] It 's taken me considerably longer . Beautiful isn 't it ? Well , I can 't wait for you to see the real thing . It 's going to be magnificent . As soon as I finish making it . William . You can 't do this . You can 't ... It 's done , Walter . The final piece has been set into motion . I couldn 't stop it now if I wanted to . And I don 't . As scientists , we 're taught that fate is nothing more than the convergence of a set of probabilities into one potential outcome . That there 's no such thing as divine intervention . And yet , I 'd be lying if I said that the circumstances that brought you here to witness this with me , my trusted colleague , my dearest friend didn 't feel like the hand of God . There was nothing divine about it . - I found you . - Heh , yes , you did . After all these years . [ DOOR OPENS ] PETER : Hey , Walter . Walter ? ASTRID [ ON RECORDING ] : You 've reached Astrid Farnsworth . Please leave a message . Astrid , it 's Olivia , can you call when you get this ? [ PETER CHUCKLES ] Whatever Walter was baking , it didn 't turn out too hot . - You think they went out for breakfast ? - I don 't know . Speaking of breakfast , I put on a pot of coffee . Want a cup ? Sure . Here . Please , let me . Heh . Yes , ma 'am . Do you wanna talk about it ? Talk about what ? The Jedi mind trick you pulled on me back on the roof . I can only attribute it to Cortexiphan . Liv . Suddenly you are able to do things you were never able to do before . - You saved Jessica and my shoulder . - I don 't know how I did it . I just did . Here you go . Liv . When Walter gets back I 'd like you to let him run some more tests . You got it . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] - Dunham . JESSICA [ OVER PHONE ] : Olivia ? It 's Jessica Holt . - Jessica ? JESSICA : Thank God you picked up . I 'm so sorry , I didn 't know who else to call . OLIVIA : It 's okay . Um , just calm down . Tell me what 's wrong . I think someone 's following me . - Following you ? JESSICA : Ever since I left Harvard . Ever since I met all of you . Okay , where are you now ? JESSICA : Um , I 'm at home . I sent Sarah to stay at her dad 's flat . Do me a favor . I want you to lock all the doors and stay inside . We 're gonna be right there . Heh . Okay . Thank you , Olivia . OLIVIA : Jessica ? Jessica ? Jessica . Her purse . Her phone and her wallet , they 're still here . Take a look at this . She mention anything else to you on the phone ? No , just that since she left us , she felt like she 'd been followed . Liv . You didn 't put this woman 's life in danger . You 're the one that saved her . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] - Sir . - Need you to meet me at Boston General . Agent Farnsworth was just brought in with a gunshot wound . - What ? When ? BROYLES : The only information I have is that an anonymous call was placed to 911 . The ambulance found Agent Farnsworth . - Well , how is she ? - She 's out of surgery in stable condition . OLIVIA : Okay , and what about Walter ? You should bring him with you . We aren 't with him . We thought that he was with Astrid . ASTRID : Where is Walter ? Right now , we don 't know . Do you remember the last time you saw him ? At the warehouse . We were looking for Bell . Walter thinks he 's still alive . - What warehouse ? - By the waterfront . Where I got shot . You weren 't found near the waterfront . - Well , somebody must have moved her . PETER : And called 911 . Which means they didn 't want you dead . Do you know who shot you ? There was , uh , a crew of armed men . They probably took Walter . Peter , I tried to protect him , but I couldn 't get him out . I know you did . You said you were by the waterfront ? ASTRID : The corner of 1st and Effie . Right down by the docks . There was something going on there . I heard strange noises animals that I didn 't recognize . They 're probably gone . They realized as soon as she regained consciousness , she 'd tell us . Still , maybe we can find something . B.P.D. ' s got all the information on Jessica Holt . - I 'll let you know if we find anything . OLIVIA : Okay . ASTRID : Hey . Be careful . But even if Bell is responsible , what does infecting people with nanites and using the sun 's light to ignite an oil reserve have to do with collapsing two universes to create a new one ? I mean , how are they connected ? I have absolutely no idea . Maybe Walter did . What are you doing here ? I am not here of my own volition . JESSICA : Step back from him . Set down your weapon . Slowly . - What are you doing ? - I 'm sure many things are racing through your mind right now . But none of them are as important as what I 'm about to say . If you ever want to see Walter again put down your gun . You work for Bell . You 're here because this is important . Why don 't you do something ? JESSICA : He can 't . The stasis runes at his feet keep him stuck right where he is . Unfortunately for you , this was a future you didn 't foresee . It seems he 's very concerned about the events in your life . Doctor Bell said that if we put you in harm 's way , he 'd appear . The day you were infected , that was intentional . - You never had a daughter . - I hate kids . Now let 's see how concerned you are about him . They can operate at hyper-attenuated time . To us , it almost looks like magic . It 's not though . It 's just tech that essentially lets them move very , very fast . Now , this gun is an invention of Dr. Bell 's . It shoots faster . Okay , what are you doing ? What do you want ? Please , could you just put the gun down and talk to me ? He feels no emotion . Perhaps no pain . This won 't upset him . But it appears to upset you . Damn it ! Stop . Just tell me what it is that you want . Here , can I stop the bleeding ? Can you sit down ? - I cannot . - Huh ? It is impossible right now . PETER : We are in the warehouse . Hurry . EMTs are on the way . September , what is this thing ? SEPTEMBER : I am surprised they knew of this methodology . It is beyond them . OLIVIA : Oh . - Will you let me check the wound ? - Walter . Uh , Dr. Bishop . Do you know where he is ? No . I do not . OLIVIA : At least now we know how you got shot . I 've seen you shot before . Just like this . You came to me at the Opera house . You said in every version of the future I would have to die . I did not . Or I have not yet . I suspect I understand now . The conversation you are referring to has not yet happened for me . I must investigate the future and find out what I meant . I hope I get back to you in time . [ SIREN WAILING NEARBY ] Well , what are we gonna do about finding Walter ? Our only lead is dead . That doesn 't mean we can 't still question her . PETER : No , no , no . Not there . Right here . Right in her thinker . That wasn 't so bad , was it ? How long has she been dead ? PETER : About 25 minutes . - Quickly . Use the negative prongs first or she 'll short out . Start with a trickle of DC and let it calibrate . No more . Pretty . [ MACHINE WHIRS ] There will come a time when I 'll ask you how you knew about this technology . Maintain her body temperature at roughly 85 degrees . I 'll get the ice packs . If she knows anything about what happened to Walter , we will too . She took a chance on dying at that office building for whatever her mission is . She was counting on me to save her . They used Jessica to play on my sympathies . And then they used my feelings for Peter my fear that Jones would kill him . William always talked a lot about the powers Cortexiphan children might have . But why is he activating me now ? Why is he doing this ? My dear . You may have a different set of memories now , but at heart you 're still the same girl I knew . You 've always had incredible compassion . It was your capacity for feeling that made William and Walter so sure that you were the perfect candidate for the trials . And I don 't know what it is , but William must want ... No , he needs something from you . Something only you can provide . WALTER : Why , William ? Why would you do this ? What can you possibly hope to gain by destroying both universes ? Walter . This was all your idea . Peter died twice . You hated God . " What kind of God would cause so much suffering ? " That 's what you said . " So much pain . " You decided to create a universe that would operate by your rules . And then when you realized that you were smart enough to do it you got scared . You asked me to cut out a portion of your brain . - No . - Yes , Walter . BELL : We cut those ideas out of your head to literally put the genie back into the bottle . Then I grew older . I grew cynical . I grew cancer . I realized that dosing myself with Cortexiphan would slow it down . But slowing is not stopping . For me , it 's just a matter of time . The clock is ticking . Tick , tick , tick , tick , tick , tick . And that 's when it occurred to me . You were right , Walter . Walter , you were right , right , right . Every rant you ever went on made perfect sense . Suddenly , I understood not just you but everything . God made us in his image . If that is so if we are capable of being gods then it is our destiny to do so . No . No , William . My dear friend . Even if you deny it now , you have always been playing God . I am . Guys , we 're ready . PETER : Jessica , can you hear my voice ? [ MACHINE BEEPING ] [ IN DISTORTED VOICE ] I can 't ... I can 't feel my arms . I can 't feel my legs . Oh , my God . Why can 't I feel anything ? Where is Walter ? What did you do to me ? - What just happened ? Did she faint ? - That 's not possible . She 's not alive , she can 't faint . Mom . Mommy . Mommy , where are you , Mommy ? Mommy , where are you ? Jessica , we need you to tell us where William Bell is . Ding , ding , ding My bicycle . My bicycle is blue and has a little chimy bell on it . Ding , ding , ding . My bicycle is blue and had a little chimy bell . - I left it in the rain and it rusted . - Jessica . Jessica , look at me . William Bell . Where is he ? [ JESSICA CHUCKLES ] He 's all wet , I expect . And a bore . [ SINGING ] But a man must be blind Or be out of his mind To go out to sea once more He 's on a boat . Probably close to where he shot Astrid . This is taking too long . Jessica . Is William Bell on a boat ? William Bell is a great man . A brilliant man . But not just a man . Birth to a new world , born from the collapse . Jessica , how is he going to give birth to a new world ... [ MACHINE BEEPING ] ... if we closed the bridge between the two universes ? - I 'm afraid we don 't have much longer . - How is he going to collapse universes ? - He needed a new energy source . - What energy source ? We are all expendable in the wake of creation . Jessica , how is he going to do it ? Noah was a righteous man and he brought onto the ark every creature to populate the new world . - Two by two ... - Damn it , Jessica . What energy source ? What ... ? What just happened ? Did I just do that ? Does Walter have a gaussmeter ? - Yeah . - I think I know what 's happening here . The new energy source , it 's me . Bell 's gonna try and use me to collapse the two universes . That 's why he 's been activating me . [ GAUSSMETER WHINING ] [ OLIVIA SIGHS ] The electromagnetic energy you 're giving off is extraordinary . But if William is using the energy you 're generating I believe I may know how to find him . A cargo freighter left Boston Harbor at 10 : 22 this morning . The Talos . It fell off radar 15 minutes later . That 's six hours ago . It could be 200 miles off the coast by now . Talk to me . It 's not good . Olivia is giving off a strong and specific electromagnetic field . Now , I know how it sounds but I believe she was activated to power the universe collapse . Lucky me . And I assume you can 't turn her off . - No . But we can use her to find Walter and William Bell . The frequency at which Olivia is resonating will also be the frequency at the epicenter of the dimensional intersection . Meaning we should be able to identify the exact location where the two universes overlap . Now , assuming Bell wants to survive the collapse , that 's where he 'll be . The calm at the center of the storm . And how long will it take ? The satellites are almost online . We 'll find Bell . SCIENTIST : We 've got NAVSTAR . NINA : Task the satellites at 392.6 Hz . AGENT : Weather service is reporting a squall . Approximately 80 miles off shore , due east of Boston . Three microquakes . Albany , New York , Waterville , Vermont and Worcester . - All within seconds . - It 's started . The universes are colliding . Narrow your search to the area of the storm . OLIVIA : Did you find Bell ? - Not yet . - Wonder what he has in store for me now . It 's gonna be okay . You know , for the first time I don 't think that it is . I remember being in that lab in Jacksonville when Walter and William were doing the Cortexiphan trials . I remember how it smelled , how I felt . How scared I was , how all alone I was . And now , years later nothing 's changed . I 'm still that little girl . And William Bell is still doing experiments on me . I 'm just still being used . No . Something has changed . This time you 're not alone . BELL : You have to see this . Oh , don 't look like that . If nothing else , for pure scientific curiosity . Trust me , you 've never seen anything like this . It 's marvelous . - How ? - Olivia . We were right , Walter . She truly is a remarkable girl . [ THUNDER CRASHING ] Got it . Eighty-four miles due east of Nantucket . Call upstairs . Tell them we need choppers . Get suited up . William . Please . - Don 't do this . - You may be sad now , Walter . You may be frightened . But you 'll see . We deserve this . These are the coordinates , ma 'am . But I 've got no visual . Well , it 's not here . Can you check the uplink ? - Maybe they 're jamming us . - Are you kidding me ? It 's right there . OLIVIA : I don 't see anything . - Nina ? - No , nothing . - Am I losing my mind here ? - Still no visual contact , sir . No , I think I know what 's happening . If William is collapsing the universes it stands to reason the fabric between universes is growing thin . - Here , where his ship is . - But there 's nothing here . NINA : No , not in this here . The ship already phased entirely out of sync with our universe . - No one here can see it . Peter ... PETER : I 'm from the Other Side . - I resonate at a different frequency . - From the Other Side the ship is visible . For how much longer we can 't be sure . If it 's already left our universe , there 's no way to get to it . - Even if we had time , the bridge is closed . - There is a way . Me . Yes . Olivia now has as much activated Cortexiphan in her system as the Olivia from the original timeline . If what you 've both told me is accurate , Olivia can jump between worlds . You , Peter , you can see it . Olivia , you can reach it . But it will have to be done together . What if I can 't do it ? Heh , you 've had the most extraordinary gifts . The only one you were denied was knowing . You 've had the power all along . You ready ? All right . If you 've lost your mind , now would be the time to tell me . PETER : Take it to port ! About three yards ! Now ! [ PETER GRUNTING ] - It worked . - You surprised ? Yeah . It was the pilot 's . You can 't be the only one who always gets to carry a gun . What is this place ? I think this is his ark . [ CREATURES GROWLING AND HISSING ] I will arise and go , now And go to Innisfree And a small cabin build there Of clay and wattles made Nine bean-rows will I have there A hive for the honeybee And live alone in the bee - loud glade Do you know it , Walter ? Yeats . [ DOOR OPENS ] OLIVIA : Walter , are you all right ? BELL : Well , this is unexpected . You know I was not planning on having any humans . What a troublesome species we can be , after all . I had assumed that Walter and I would die off and my new universe would thrive unencumbered by the savage whims of mankind . But I see I was wrong . Heh . Look at the two of you . Humans abide . They persevere . They survive . You have earned your right in the new order . A final breeding pair amongst all others . You will be the new Adam and Eve . Stop this . Turn it off . Now ! Shoot me if you like , young Peter . I cannot turn it off . There is no escaping the inevitable . The chain reaction has begun . Olivia is a living uncertainty engine . Every breath she takes brings us closer to Nirvana . Every beat of her heart tears the world from its hinges . She is the redeemer . Go ahead . I will not be the first god to be martyred for creation . WALTER : Forgive me . [ GUN CLICKS ] No ! No . No . No . You killed her . Yes , indeed , he did . Very clever , old friend . If that 's what you consider learning a lesson from the past you paid a steep price . We could have all been so happy together . [ SOBBING ] PETER : You killed her . PETER : Don 't touch her . WALTER : Peter , this is no time for emotion . We have to move rapidly if we 're going to save her . Save her ? She 's dead . You know very well know that hasn 't always stopped me . Peter , listen to me ! Go over there to the table , get the letter opener and clear everything else off the desk . Do it now , Peter . WALTER : Olivia 's brain is saturated with Cortexiphan . The brain tissue is regenerative so if I can get the bullet out before the Cortexiphan wears off and the non-regenerative tissue calcifies , I 'll be able to save her . It 's like my lemon cake . Whoa , whoa , stop . What are you doing ? I need an exit wound . There isn 't one . How much time do we have , Walter ? Not long . Any damage I do should repair itself . If I can get the bullet out . I 'm so sorry , Olive . Walter . It worked . Despite full international cooperation , there remains no sign of William Bell . The biological materials from Dr. Bell 's ark have been cryogenically quarantined for future study . Your team will of course have full access if you so desire . Thank you . The committee would like to acknowledge the work your team have done in protecting the welfare of the people of this nation . And the world . As such we would like to grant your request for significant funding to upgrade your operational and scientific divisions . And thank you , Phillip for keeping us all safe at night . You 're welcome , sir . Well , that will be all , General Broyles . - It 's colonel , sir . - Not anymore . Congratulations , general . You 've earned it . NINA : How 'd it go ? BROYLES : Better than expected . Fringe Division now finds itself with a fully funded Science Division . - And no one to run it . - Ah . Nina you want ajob ? [ NINA CHUCKLES ] You know , Peter , I 've been thinking . Due to the intense energy utilization the Cortexiphan levels in her body should be almost negligible . Meaning what , Walter ? Heh . Meaning she won 't be able to run around setting things on fire or doing superhuman things . Excuse me , miss , is that lemon Jell-O ? - These are urine samples . - Oh . Well , in that case , no , thank you . I 'm more peckish than thirsty . You 're saying Olivia 's normal now ? Well , the treatments did leave a biological signature so I suppose some abilities could one day emerge . But for all intents and purposes , yes . - I believe she may be . ASTRID : Is she out yet ? - How you holding up ? - Ugh . DOCTOR : She 's all done . She 's ready to go home . [ ASTRID GROANS ] Thank you , Astrid . What ? You just called me by my real name . Did I ? I found one . It 's perfect . Brookline . Center hall . Two stories . - Peter ... - I just figured after everything we 've been through in the last couple of days , hell , the last couple of years ... [ SIGHS ] ... I thought we deserved a little bit of normal . It 's , uh ... It 's perfect . I suppose that he was right . The Observer . In every version of the future , you had to die . But I never want to lose you again . What ? You 're okay , right ? The doctor didn 't tell you anything else . Actually , he did . What ? Peter , I 'm pregnant . [ CHUCKLES ] [ WALTER CLEARS THROAT ] [ WHISTLING ] Ah ... Ah . I don 't suppose you are here for a sandwich ? We have to warn the others . They are coming . Who 's coming ? [ English - US - SDH ]
