 Previously on " marvel 's agents of s.H.I.E.L.D. " ... I know that ... Agent coulson was killed in action . Welcome to level seven . Coulson : Some say it was only for 8 seconds , But I feel different . What is centipede ? Simmons : It 's an intravenous filter for his blood . Very similar to the serum Dr. Erskine developed in the ' 40s for the ... Super soldiers . Listen , doctor , your product works . It appears the volatility in the serum has been neutralized . Who is the woman you referred to ? Miles : Some rich girl in a flower dress . Raina : We all have to do things that make us uncomfortable If we are ever to get our toy soldiers off the shelf . [ indistinct conversations ] [ sniffs ] That seat is taken . Guard : Perimeter breach , quad four ! [ alarm blaring ] three guys just crashed the prison ! Security breach ! Security breach ! [ groans ] [ indistinct shouting ] Time to go . [ grunts ] Sir . Excuse me ? Time to go , sir . It 's time to go , sir ! [ grunts ] [ engines roar ] [ computer beeping ] [ knock on door ] Mission briefing in five . Okay . Katherine shane ? Do you know her ? We ran a few ops together in the ' 90s . Smart , resourceful . Had a soft spot for truffaut movies . Easy there , charm school . According to these files , agent shane could be my mom . [ sighs ] Even if shane was the agent Who dropped you off at the orphanage , It doesn 't mean she 's your mother . I started looking into all the female agents Active when I was born . Mm-hmm . Needle , haystack , I know . But then I factored in age and marital status , And then I built a program to narrow down the field . You 're still looking at a long road . Well , it would be a lot shorter If I could access more files . Maybe you could remove my internet nanny ? I 'm talking about my tracking bracelet . I got that . So you 'll take it off . No . But I asked may to look Into s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s more restricted files . I was kind of hoping to keep this private . Agent may specializes in private . Let 's go . [ both grunting ] [ panting ] Nice feint . I read your file . I know you favor your left . That 's in there ? What else ? Nothing that 's news . You don 't play well with others . I think I 've proven that I can More than once . Not here . Coulson : Towel down . I need you both in the command center in five . At 0-800 hours , Three men infiltrated the havenworth federal penitentiary . Skye : Infiltrated ? More like cannonballed . They were in and out in less then two minutes . Left no prints at the scene , but we do have one lead . [ computer beeping ] centipede . Seems they salvaged some of their research from hong kong . So we were right . Chan 's platelets solved their combustion problem . Now they can create super soldiers With no fear of explosion . Maybe don 't get so excited about it . Two of centipede 's labs have been destroyed , But they keep popping back up . Now they have at least three of these guys , maybe more . Who did they break out ? Edison po , former marine , Expert in tactics and rapid response . He fell off the grid in ' 08 , Reappeared 18 months ago at a diner in boston . Where he stabbed a friend 's eyes out . With a steak knife , then finished his meal . That 's funny . Po doesn 't look crazy . I 'm kidding . The guy is a walking mug shot . Which means he shouldn 't be too hard to track down . Finding po and these centipede soldiers Is a top priority for s.H.I.E.L.D. We 'll be running point , but we won 't be working alone . What team did hq send for backup ? Not a team - - a person , Someone who can help us fight fire with fire . Somebody we worked with before ? Not exactly . [ panting ] Did I beat captain america 's time ? Not even close . Excuse me . Agent coulson ? Mr. Peterson , if you could put that bulldozer Back where you found it ... We need you to suit up . This is a bad idea . While I have you in a good mood , You should know that skye 's trying to I.D. The agent That dropped her off at the orphanage . We agreed to protect her from the truth , So I told her you were looking into it . She may come to you . One mistake at a time . Agent coulson , agent may . Last time you saw her , you threw her into a brick wall . Right . First time around , I wasn 't who I wanted to be , But now I get it . Having all this - - it 's a privilege . And training to be an agent , working with s.H.I.E.L.D. , It 's me trying to do better , trying to be better . I just need you to give me a shot . Everyone deserves a second chance . But let me be clear - - there will not be a third . Understood , sir . Good . Ward : It 's not good . At all . The guy was a ticking time bomb - - literally . Hq wouldn 't have sent him if he was still combustible . They must have found a way to stabilize him somehow . They stabilize his attitude ? 'cause he was pretty hostile in union station . Well , it 's not like We haven 't opened up our doors to other people - - People with questionable track records . Not cool , but true . And don 't worry about mike . He 's a good guy . Who 's been in the centipede program . Exactly . He can give us some superpower backup . Yeah . Just saying , this could easily go sideways . I mean , the last time we saw this guy , He was a raging homicidal maniac - - He 's standing right behind me , isn 't he ? Mr. Peterson , this is agent grant ward . He 's the man who shot you at union station . Fitz-simmons designed the weapon he used , And I think you remember - - Kidnap victim . [ chuckles ] you joined s.H.I.E.L.D. ? Yeah . Turns out , guys in suits - - not so bad . Look , I know union station could have gone another way . Another team might not have let me out of there alive . I owe you - - all off you . That 's bygones and water under a distant bridge far away . [ chuckles ] how 's your son ? Still with my sister . He thinks I 'm working construction , But he 's good , happy . So , what do we have ? Not much on po . I checked his previously known addresses And old military contacts - - came up empty . We 've been looking for where po might be on the outside . Let 's look at his life on the inside - - at the prison . See if that gets us any leads . Anything on the centipede soldiers ? We found a facial recog match on one of them . Name 's brian hayward . Stationed in afghanistan for three years , Then fell of the radar when he got back . Only living relative - - sister , laura , Sophomore at the university of ohio . She 's our best shot at finding hayward . You and I will go talk to her . Have may set a course for cleveland . [ knock on door ] With all the high-tech gadgets and gizmos at our disposal , It 's easy to forget about the simple tools of the past . What can I do for you ? I 'm just curious about what you want me to do , Where you need me . Here , on the plane . But shouldn 't I be out in the field ? I mean , that 's why you brought me here , right ? You 'll get your chance . Right now I need you to go down to the lab for some tests . I 'm stable . They already tested me at sci-ops . I know . I also know that using your powers takes a toll . I need to understand your limits , For your sake as well as my team 's . The lab 's downstairs . I have to put away four times what I used to Just to keep my energy up . Uh , and after you use your strength ? Maybe 10 times the food ? And I usually crash afterwards . It 's really hard on my body . Hard body . Got it . You do know we have equipment that can take measurements . No need to do it manually . [ chuckles ] my mistake . Well , no matter . I 'll send the numbers to you straight away . I need measurements to build you a diagnostic suit So we can monitor your vitals in the field . As for fabrics , how does a polymer blend With 10 layers of treated composite material sound ? Sounds great ? Yeah , it does , doesn 't it ? [ chuckles ] Uh ... Sorry . I 'm sorry . I was - - I was just looking at it , and - - Oh , no , it 's okay . I 'm used to it . They tried to take it off me at the sci-ops facility . Realized they couldn 't do it without killing me . Simmons : I 'm afraid we 're terribly curious . How did they stabilize the extremis in you ? And keep you from exploding ? Yeah . Oh , that wasn 't them . That was you two . Come again ? What 's that ? Your gun . It somehow froze me Right at the moment I was about to explode , Helped my body absorb the serum , stabilize . Your weapon saved my life . [ scoffs ] well ... All that , and it didn 't even leave a scar , so ... Well , I ... Well , I should think not . Yeah , we couldn 't have that , could we ? It would be a shame , Especially when you 're so , well , formed and symmetrical . And wh-when did you stop talking ? About three embarrassing sentences ago . Yes , right . [ chuckles ] " psychology of women : Unraveling the female psyche . " That 's an actual book ? It 's a whole course . Hayward 's sister 's in there now . We 'll be at the school in 10 . We 'll catch her on her way out . Whole class ... On women . Time was , you just had to figure them out . Solving the puzzle was half the fun . You solve a lot of puzzles in your day ? A few . Some more worth it than others . One was ... Especially rewarding . What happened ? I died . Oh . I guess she wasn 't level 7 , sir ? She was a cellist , second chair , portland symphony . Saw her play whenever I was in town . Ever see a beautiful woman play the cello ? It 's something else . She laughed at my jokes , too , which was a very nice bonus . You know where she is now ? Of course I do . I 'm sorry , sir . I was gone for months . The avengers thought I was dead , So I had to keep that up - - s.H.I.E.L.D. Protocol . It 's probably better this way . Maybe if she 'd been part of the agency ... In my experience , that 's just asking for trouble . Hey . Coulson told me you were helping to , you know , Find my long-lost folks , so thanks . I 'm glad you 're in on this with me . It means a lot . Right , I can tell you 're really into this . Um , I 've done a lot of the heavy lifting already , Came up with a short list . I thought you might - - We 're on a mission , skye . Is this why you called me here ? No . I was just working on this while I waited for you . Uh , I called ' cause I found something about po . Show me . Po only had one visitor during his prison stint - - her . You notice the outfit ? Miles said a girl in a flower dress Asked him to hack s.H.I.E.L.D. This could be the same girl . May : Can we hear the conversation ? That 's the bummer - - There was no audio , but it 's not a total loss . I was able to use s.H.I.E.L.D. ' s lip-reading program , Because we have one of those . [ chuckles ] It didn 't work on the girl Because she never looks up at the camera , But po did - - once - - and it caught this . [ computer beeps ] The clairvoyant does not like to be touched . I wrote that down , So we don 't have to hear that again - - ever . The clairvoyant . Yeah . Does that mean anything to you ? But it means something to them - - To po and whoever that woman is . Her name 's raina . You know her ? Yeah , she recruited me for centipede , Came up to me at the hospital where I did my back therapy Out of the blue . Told me she could change my life . [ chuckles ] Nice to cut my own meat again . The steak was to your liking ? Overcooked , and the ambience ... We 're not here for the decor . We 've stabilized the serum , added the implant , And now we need the clairvoyant 's help In finding the key to stage three . I 've asked before . The clairvoyant has trouble seeing The man you 're looking for and his weaknesses . I don 't mean to upset you . It 's the way of things . This is what 's upsetting me . [ beep ] This s.H.I.E.L.D. Teams has destroyed two of our operations . We move every few days now to be safe . Which causes challenges for our maintenance problems . We can 't overstate the toll this takes on our soldiers . They are drained after every mission . [ monitors beeping ] Our men need regular injections , constant upkeep . Difficult when s.H.I.E.L.D. Has us on the run . Then it 's time to stop running . Skye : We 're running her through our systems . Maybe we can get an I.D. , but we 're guessing She 's centipede 's recruiter and po 's her latest recruit . Three super soldiers dive-bomb a prison , pluck him out ? He 's her number-one draft pick . But why him ? Centipede 's making more soldiers . Maybe they want po to coordinate them , lead them . His background 's tactical strategy . He fits the bill . So , these guys have super soldiers , An expert military strategist , And a clairvoyant who can see the future . Anyone else thinking about switching teams ? They couldn 't have a psychic . There are none on the index . They 're a myth . So was thor . Maybe it 's an alias . Run it through our database and see if anything pops up . Ward is approaching hayward 's sister now . Laura hayward ? That 's me . Sorry to bother you , But I was hoping you could help me out . I hope so , too . I 'm looking for you brother , brian . Have you seen him lately ? I 'm - - I 'm sorry . Who are you ? Ah . Dan filch , ohio state gaming commission . We 're trying to contact brian , tell him the good news . He won the lottery ? $ 50,000 . Really ? Mm-hmm . And you 're looking for him ? Don 't you guys want to keep the money ? Sure , but we have to at least try and contact the winners Before the ticket expires . Your brother 's does in six days , so if you know where he is - - I don 't . Sorry . We 're not close . I haven 't spoken to him since he got back from afghanistan . Well , now you have a reason to - - 50,000 reasons , actually . [ chuckles ] So let us know if you hear from him . Okay . Not sure why you wanted to go with the lottery story , sir . It 's a tough sell . Exactly . Nothing makes people more suspicious Than a handsome man offering them free money . She 's making the call now . Brian , it 's me . Some guy was just waiting for me at school , Said you won the lottery . [ chuckles ] I know , right ? We 're not that lucky . [ computer beeping ] Ward : Is he local ? No . He 's in oakland , california . [ engine revs ] [ engines roar ] [ knock on door ] Come in ! Oh , it almost looks homey . Is that ace ? What a cutie . [ chuckles ] He must be so proud of you , His dad working for s.H.I.E.L.D. Which he can 't know with everything being classified . That 's all right . He knows I 'm working . Called him on his birthday And gave him all the " heroes of new york " action figures . [ chuckles ] nice . Are you two close ? We 're a team . I 'd do anything for this little guy . It 's got to be the best feeling , Son looking up to you Who wants to grow up to be just like you . Yeah . Looks like he 's growing fast , though . [ door opens ] You said you wanted your shot . Here it is . I won 't let you down . I think it 's quite smart . How does it feel ? Feels good . Comfortable . Having powers is cheating , but the suit 's pretty cool . It 's perfect for an array of tactical missions . Yeah , also measures your heart rate , Systolic pressures , and glucose levels . All while providing State-of-the-art ballistic protection . Yeah . Thanks . Oh , no . Thank you . We 've never been so proud . Coulson : Hayward 's cellphone has been traced To an abandoned factory about eight miles from here . Ward : Probably centipede 's new lab . Certainly been there m.O. - - We destroy one factory , They set up another , putting us back to square one . This time , I want answers . Means we go in quiet , Do minimal damage to the facility and the people inside . Ward , may , you 'll go in through the west entrance . Mr. Peterson and I will enter through the loading dock . You 'll run the back end from outside . Skye : We 're doing this just us ? We 've been playing whack-a-mole with these guys Since ward first picked me out of my van . Shouldn 't big s.H.I.E.L.D. Be sending in backup ? Trust me , they already did . Let 's move . No pressure . [ wind whistling ] We alone here ? It appears so . The only heat signatures we 're reading are yours . But there 's a weird electronic signal . I 'm trying to isolate it . Place looks emptied out . Think we 're too late ? Coulson : Fitz , dial hayward 's number . Find out . [ dialing ] [ cellphone ringing ] Uh , sir , you 've got company . Yeah , we do . [ grunts ] Coming your way . [ both grunting ] [ gasps ] Usually packs a bigger punch . Yeah , I remember . [ gasps ] What 's happening ? His systolic and diastolic pressures are dropping . Heart rate 's plummeting , as well . Sir , he 's in bad shape . Between the physical exertion and this wound , His vitals are dangerously low . Who 's behind centipede ? Who 's doing this ? ! I won 't say anything . I promise . No ! Please ! Don 't do th- - [ whirring ] [ beep ] That 's mike peterson , one of our first subjects . He hasn 't been injected with the serum in awhile , But he still has his powers . No . What he has is your key to stage three . Fitz : The one on the left is akela amador 's . Hayward 's is on the right . Now , his prosthetic was slightly damaged , But based on digital reconstruction , We can now confirm That the technology is virtually identical . Hayward 's prosthetic has the same internal power source , Backscatter capabilities , and biomechanics as amador . So centipede also designed the eye implant ? These guys are serious multitaskers . Who 's akela amador ? Coulson : Former s.H.I.E.L.D. Agent , The first person we encountered with this eye technology , A good agent who was forced to do some bad things . We helped her . Kind of a pattern with you guys . So then [ groans ] those soldiers at the warehouse Were forced to attack us through that eye thing ? They were getting orders . When the tide turned in our favor , Centipede flipped hayward 's kill switch , Told the other guys to run . Can you track the eye feed like before , find their location ? Nope - - they 've upgraded since amador . Their feed 's untraceable now . Their technology keeps advancing at a disturbingly rapid pace . They must have endless manpower , resources . And someone with a fat wallet . Po 's the strategist . Raina 's the recruiter . Perhaps this clairvoyant 's the money . Fitz : That makes sense . If I could see the future , I 'd go straight to las vegas . Whoever 's behind them may or may not be psychic , But they 're one step ahead of us every time . I need to update hq . This is bigger than we thought . [ horn blares in distance ] [ sighs ] I spoke with the clairvoyant . And ? I 'll share the information when the time is right . I would love to hear much more than just information . Will you ... Tell me what he 's like ? Never . The last person who tried to learn these things Got a knife for it . I don 't want to have to do that again , raina . You have such pretty eyes . I understand . You can 't even whisper to me about him . No , I can 't . But I did tell the clairvoyant about you . Spoke at length about your many virtues . How sweet . [ groans ] I 'll pour you a scotch . Don 't ever do that again . Brandy , then ? When we 're out in the field , Your head needs to be on the op , not on me . Time-out . Still playing catch-up here . What are you talking about ? You taking a punch for me ? I don 't need your protection . You think I don 't know that ? I took that punch 'cause you 're faster than me . You could do more good on your feet . It was tactical , not personal . My mistake . I am not some recruit who can 't separate church from state . I 'm on the same page as you . So don 't flatter yourself . Skye : Sorry . I didn 't mean to crash . What do you want ? This about that thumb drive again ? No . Good . Look , I get that you don 't want to help with that Loud and clear , big neon , flashing lights . But I didn 't ask , okay ? Coulson - - Coulson doesn 't want to tell you the truth . The truth is ... You have to decide why you 're here . We have a mission , and it 's not to find your parents . If you can 't put aside your personal attachments , Then you shouldn 't be here . [ sobbing ] [ sniffles ] [ knock on door ] Coulson : Oh , come on in . You doing okay ? Afraid I won 't be ... Much good to you for the next couple days . That 's understandable . You went above and beyond at that warehouse , Had our backs more than once . Thank you , sir . But I know centipede 's still out there . No , we still got a lot of work to do . True . But according to your s.O. , hard work 's your specialty . [ chuckles ] Said you train 24 / 7 . I want to be the best . And that 's admirable . But you hadn 't left the training facility Since you got there , Which means you haven 't seen your son since union station . Ace is fine . We ... We talk all the time . But you haven 't been to see him . Why ? Skye : Mike ! Because the last time he saw me ... I was a monster . My kid saw that . You can 't fix that from here . And staying away , not being there ... I 've seen firsthand The kind of damage that can do . The last thing I want to do is hurt ace . He 's ... He 's my son , but ... Maybe he 's better off without me . I don 't think that 's true . When I took this job , I made a choice , The same choice everyone else here made - - This life over the other one , The one with holiday dinners and pta meetings , recitals . It 's not easy . But if the time comes to make the hard call , It 's simpler . But you have a son . You have someone waiting for you to come home . You need to think about that . You need to think about him . Before you make your choice . [ dialing ] [ telephone ringing ] Hello ? Hey , ace . Dad ! It is so good to hear your voice , buddy . And I got some good news - - I 'm gonna get to come home and see you for a bit . Awesome ! Then maybe you can meet my new friend . She said she knows you . She 's here right now . Ace , who 's there with you ? Where 's your aunt mindy ? Raina : Hello , mike . Remember when I told you I could change your life ? Coulson : They want a trade - - ace for his father . They 've set a time and a place . Bloody savages . They want to experiment on him , Determine how he still has his abilities . And we 're gonna let them ? We 've fought these guys before . We don 't have a choice . The instructions they gave mr . Peterson were very specific . I called hq , told them to stand down . Stand down ? So we take them alone . We should at least have a hostage-rescue unit In support of this . They said they would murder my son . If we make one wrong move . Any electronics , any comms , any sign of surveillance And they 'll terminate the arrangement . I 'll give myself up , no problem , get him back . I can figure it out from there . You 're still recovering . We can 't just hand you over to them like that , can we ? Fitz-simmons have a non-electronic method Of tracking him . Simmons has fabricated an odorless scent . I have an instrument which can detect it . Works like a bloodhound , Can track someone from over 50 kilometers . After we make the trade , We 'll be able to follow mr . Peterson . Buy him some time to get his strength back . We 'll find him . I don 't care what happens to me . As long as my boy is ... I promise you , we 're gonna get your son back . [ sighs ] At least let me escort him out for the exchange . Mr. Peterson requested me . I 'm comfortable with that , and if things go south , I need you back here , taking point on the team . Is ward in position ? Yes . But I don 't like any of this . There 'd be something wrong with you if you did . [ seatbelt clicks ] Once the swap happens , I 'll fire up my equipment . We 'll be able to track you wherever they take you . Just don 't do anything that 'll endanger my son . We won 't , but we want to make sure Ace has his dad at the end of the day , too . Time to go . My team won 't let you down . It wasn 't supposed to go down like this . I 'm gonna make this right , I swear . Damn it . [ sighs ] Hello , mike . It 's been awhile . Your son is adorable , and he looks just like you . I don 't believe I 've had the pleasure . Lucky for you . I have to thank you , mike , For holding up your end of the deal . Let 's just make the trade . Give us ace , and you can have him . Oh , that wasn 't the deal . I 'm so sorry . Let me know when I can activate comms and the tracker . What 's happening here , mike ? Well , in exchange for his son , we asked mike to deliver you . [ grunts ] I 'm not at full strength , But I can still crush your throat . New deal ! My son for yolife . Sadly , my employer cares no more for my life than your son 's . If I die , so does he , And his death will be so much worse . You need to let her go . I told them they could have me . But they want you . Why do they want you ? I don 't know , but if you kill this woman , You 'll never see your son again . But how will I look him in the eye ? How will I explain what I did ? We talked about this . I 'm so sorry . [ sighs ] [ sighs ] Let 's finish this . Dad ! Skye : There 's his son . Oh , thank god . I have no stomach for this . On my mark , activate comms and tracker . If there had been any other way ... You made the only choice you had . [ gasps ] [ groans ] Ward : What happened ? They 've taken coulson . All right , call it in . We need backup . I have a shot . May : Do not engage . They 'll kill coulson . Stand down . I 'll contact hq . You okay ? I 'm fine , dad . S.H.I.E.L.D. Hq , this is s.H.I.E.L.D. Rg422 . We need immediate satellite support . Ace , I 've got to make something right . Daddy loves you so much , okay ? Stay with skye . You remember skye , right ? Keep him safe . Take care of my boy ! No ! [ panting ] mike ! Ward : Where 's coulson ? Oh , my god . Coulson . [ helicopter blades whirring ] [ gunfire ] We land in half an hour . Good . The sooner we begin , the better . Whatever this is , whatever you think you 're doing , It won 't work . I won 't give you what you want . You will . And we want is simple . We want you to tell us about the day after you died .
