 Inspired by real messages from alien contact San Salvador , January 2013 The information continues , research into the cause of what affected ... the flow of electricity a month ago that affected southern Canada ... U.S. cities and northern Mexico ... specialists and electrical engineers offered a press conference this afternoon in the city of New York stating that , indeed , the great solar storm that happened in December was the direct cause of the power grid problems affecting these countries There are growing concerns among citizens wanting to know what caused the events that occurred last December NASA scientists have officially declared lost a total of 38 satellites damaged by the strong solar wind storms people wonder why the U.S. government is handling this issue as classified information We switch gears now and go to Honduras , where a worldwide conference is about to be begin given by people presumed contacted by extraterrestrial beings who claim to have a message for humanity ... but the rumor in that country is that these contactees have been meeting with people in the global political arena we join our correspondent Gabriela Ortega who brings us a report from the city of Tegucigalpa go ahead : I 'm back here in Honduras ... to deliver a series of lectures on the mystery of the Maya the time that we are now facing ... I have received a piece of data , some information , that has surprised me ... before coming here to Tegucigalpa ... and not only me but also other researchers with whom I have met in the Hotel that the government has some information apparently a video ... but I 'm not sure what the subject matter is ... I do not know if it has to do with the UFO phenomenon ... with the enigma of a lost city here in in the jungles of Honduras ... we do not know exactly what it is ... THE XENDRA Tegucigalpa , one month before Colonel Martinez Good Morning Col. Lopez Good Morning alpha ... lima ... over go ahead proceed with the rendezvous , over delta ... tango ... en route you have five minutes understood Mr. President ... the perimeter is secure dismissed understood alpha ... lima , we will retire for five minutes copied - Martinez ... - Greetings sir ... Col. Lopez sir ... at your service Mr. President , sorry that we are taking up your time ... but we believe it is important for you to see this material Lopez over here sir on December 23rd at 1400 hours ... a civilian in the area ... reported a video that was in his possession Col. Lopez ... who is in charge of the Battalion in La Mosquitia ... informed me of the video so I could take a look After I saw this video sir ... I spoke immediately with Colonel Martinez ... because of its importance I thought it was official business Mr President , it is important that you see this ... and then instruct me on the proper protocol to follow The witness who gave us this material is under my custody Perfect We have to call them ... right away Carlos ... wake up man Carlos ... Bring some water From where ? in my backpack there Carlos drink some water careful slow down Carlos slowly calm down , calm down Does anyone remember anything ? Nothing great ... I must have known I was going on a trip Why do you say that ? this pillow ... I always take it on my travels help me , doc What are we doing here ? this is strange so ... nothing ? the strange thing is that it was fully charged Could it have been ruined ? maybe my watch stopped working ... what time do you have Doc ? let me see it is ... hey ... this is bizarre - it 's also stopped ? - yes ... yes do you have more electrical equipment in your backpacks ? I haven 't checked well yet Well let 's check someone put things into my backpack in mine as well ... this isn 't mine and what is that ? sleeping tents I would never have bought those what do you think we are doing here ? ... and specifically us four obviously must be the Project look what I found ! Ah ... Chuen what does it mean ? The artisan the scribe ... the artist ... the god of the arts ... the great monkey god between 1930 and 1940 excavations tried to find ... a lost Mayan city where ? somewhere in Central America , Marcela ; the exact location I don 't remember think hard Doc maybe we can figure out where we are It says that under this waterfall lies ... lies a Mayan temple ... the entrance to the great city of the monkey god ... the eastern city do you realize that ... well you know what ... let 's follow this road and see where it leads us how are you ? the source of the hot springs must be close it increasingly feels hotter it worries me that with each step the ground is more slippery ... if we want to descend later it 's gonna be hard I 'm wondering could it be true that all this has to do with the Project no doubt of that Carlos what I 'm wondering is how we got here I know where we are ... we are in Honduras San Salvador , days ago ... and we are all amazed and happy ... really all that had been predicted ... there were changes ... Hello Doc , what a surprise ... It 's not good for you to call me on this line ... Incredible the great amounts of information divulged and how it has really move ... Yes ... somewhat Did something happen ? What ? Seriously ? ... more universalist and as the Mayans had prophesied ... a new Golden era was to begin in 2012 ... Yes , OK hmm do you think they are related ? Yes , yes I have a connection , give me a second on what page ? What part ? OK it 's loading Political leaders and armed forces of Honduras met to discuss its origin ... a few minutes later we talked with the president ... and these were his words There are assumptions , there is something out there ... but it 's just that ... assumptions and nothing more . I am not aware of anything Miss , I don 't know I 'm not sure how secret it is ... undoubtedly the information will come , but at this time I cannot say more The Honduran leader declined to comment further on the matter we have noticed that both the president of Honduras as well as those in military leadership have been avoiding the press in recent days ... It 's not good to talk about this over the phone where do you want to meet ? The project " time of no time " a failure U.S. Cancels " time of no-time " project of four Central American scientists ... The Message And if the excavations were not in Copán then where ? Look ... if I 'm not mistaken ... the archaeological excavations were taking place as far away as possible from the known Mayan sites if we use logic ... if it 's called the city in the east , then ... we would have to be in the east of Honduras that 's what I say Yes , it 's a shame we don 't have a map Alright guys ... let 's think what is the last thing that we all remember before we opened our eyes ... here in the middle of nowhere the last thing I remember is my grandmother getting sick and that I took her to the hospital ... and then I can 't remember anything more I 'm still drawing a blank Carlos ... lend me your cell phone - does it work ? - No ... It 's a shame because it would have been very useful I turned it on this morning , it was fully charged ... suddenly I saw some type of interference on the screen it turned itself off and I can 't turn it back on - interference ? - Yeah Perhaps you need to accept that your phone ... ... doesn 't work any more If the battery was charged as Carlos says ... the only thing that could have drained it would be the presence of radiation that would also explain why all the watches have stopped working Doc , at what time did your watch stop ? Let me see at 8 : 20 - mine too - really ? At the same time ? That 's it ! Don 't you see ? It 's not also coincidence that the battery of the phone died Hey ! ... I found something Is that yours ? No , it could have some information does it have a chip Let 's see if there 's anything recorded on it That 's the best idea yet ... No Diego if there 's radiation the battery won 't last but ten seconds then what should we do Marce ? Carlos ... you write quickly ... start copying as soon as the recording starts , everything you hear whatever it is - Ready ? - Ready ! Beloved brother you have travelled only a small part of the way ... beyond Ground Zero you will find the town for now stay on the same path you will soon have more instructions and will know how to reach " Ciudad Blanca " ... I will communicate again soon ... Oxalc . Got it ... I wrote down almost everything Almost all of what Carlos ? What do you mean what ? ... the recording What recording ? ... The voice on the recorder , what it what saying Carlos ... what voice ? - You told me to write down what I heard - Yes I heard a voice , giving instructions , and I wrote them down he recorder didn 't work Carlos It was obvious it wasn 't going to work ... and we know why Let 's see ... I clearly heard a voice giving me some instructions and I wrote them down here ... or what ... am I crazy ? Carlos ... stop fooling around , we 're not in the mood Carlos ... are you sure ? Absolutely sure ! Must be the radiation that has screwed everything up otherwise I can 't think of what else it could have been - What are you saying ? - Hey ... hey ... hey ... Hey guys ... Diego we 're not here to be fooling around I 'm tired of this idiot with his cynicism Diego is right You know what Doc , don 't worry about it I have heard voices too What ? When I was kidnapped after our presentation about the Project in the U.S. ... I heard voices I had not wanted to tell you so that what just happened right now didn 't happen again do you remember when we came back from the presentation of the Project ? ... That night when I was going home from work , men dressed in black took me in a van Yes , they warned you for us not to continue with the Project Exactly ... what I never told you was that when they said that they did not speak I heard the voice of that strange character , here in my head I think now you and I are about to understand some things , Carlos I don 't know ... but I think we are going to solve this puzzle to help us understand what we are doing here and why and what we 've gotten ourselves into with the findings of this project Carlos ... I want to see the message San Salvador , some days before - Which one has sugar ? - This one Thank you low fat cappuccino with two sugars Carlos ... something happened I got a call yesterday afternoon on the phone and the first thing they said was that someone was interested in the Project that 's the reason I wanted you to see the internet article we have a meeting in Tegucigalpa It could be a trap , don 't you think ? Carlos ... this is the moment we 've been waiting for we can negotiate they are in possession of some secret information ... and they probably need us to help them understand what that information means ... and when we know what it is if they don 't want us to say anything I don 't know ... ... we have to be very careful Can you imagine ... what would happen if they allow the reopening of the Project ? We are this ... this this close to proving a lot of things that would cause a change a total turn around to science the demonstration of non-linear time the demonstration of other dimensions scientific proof of the Mayan theories Look ... I 'm tired of having this project buried in the bottom of my desk drawers and you you of all people Hello ... Hello yes ... yes , it 's me ... all is well , it 's resolved I spoke with all three already ... yes I convinced all three to go ... no , relax , don 't worry ... and it 's not the first time it happens in the U.S. The world wonders if the Mayan civilization ... predicted these solar events without any technology why NASA could not anticipate these events ? Look ... NASA works with data and scientific facts What is the criterion for NASA or a NASA scientist ? ... ... fora possible extraterrestrial contact with the Mayan civilization as a last question ? Look , I could you give many answers on this topic , but ... Do you think ... humanity is ready for that kind of information ? ... you have travelled only a small part of the way Carlos ... Diego ... Diego ... Diego ! Diego ... Diego Diego ... Doc ... what happened ? Diego ... we don 't know where he is Did he say something ? Marce says he slept outside the tent ... that 's all we know ... we don 't know what happened to him Diego ! Diego ! Doc , do you think they took Diego ? Who Carlos ? I don 't know I saw something strange last night Marce ... Let 's rest here What did you see ... last night ? It was strange but I 'm sure it has something to do with Diego 's disappearance But what did you see ? Diego didn 't go out for a walk they took him I don 't know if we should worry more but we need to figure out what is causing all this Could it be something we left behind Marce ? t has to be a very large source of radiation Let 's keep going I hope we 're not just walking around in circles Why don 't we just tell her about the message once and for all ? I know Marce well ... when she was my student in the university she was one of the most skeptical people out there But she 's now asking too many questions Yes Carlos , but we 'll find a better time later not right now It stopped What do you think is causing that ? I don 't know but it seems to be coming from below What happened ? That 's incredible There must be something big down there ... to cause that - Careful Marce ! - I want to see how deep it is Carlos ... where are you going ? I thought I saw something I knew it ! How did you learn about the existence of a town ? What is that ? Read what it says This is what you wrote down yesterday ? Do you see why we didn 't tell you anything ? Marcela ... I believe in what happened to Carlos yesterday But how how could this have happened , I don 't understand And you see the town does exist ... see What is this about " Ciudad Blanca " ? And Oxalc ? ... Is that a name ? It 's coming from over there If I 'm not mistaken ... militaries It 's connected to the solar panel Where could they have gotten that from ? It 's a photovoltaic panel these panels weren 't used until the 70 's or 80 's ... I think But all the military equipment here is from the 1950s maybe That 's my point it doesn 't match Marce could we connect Carlos , cell phone to this ? We would need a voltage regulator - Doc - What happened ? The cell phone What happened to it ? I packed it here and now it 's gone Carlos did you leave it where we camped ? No , I put it in here , I am sure It could have fallen Shit You 're not going to eat Marce ? I 'm not hungry You 're worried about your grandmother ? She 's very sick and ... I can 't remember anything after the hospital ... they said she was getting better but ... She 'll be fine Marce , you have to have faith I lost that faith a long time ago Carlos That 's the reason then The reason for what ? Why you 're so sceptical Sceptical is not exactly the word Carlos realistic I was Catholic my grandmother was very devout ... look my mother ... a faithful Catholic and I will never forget how much I saw her suffer before she died I was 12 and I think ... what good did it do her to pray for her health every night for us to pray for that what good was it for her to spend a lifetime stuck in church What are you doing Doc ? This is all here for a reason ... maybe they want us to communicate with them Listen ... What is it ? I don 't know ... but we are tuning something - Try to fine tune it - Yes , I 'm trying The notepad Sounds like a radio station ... amplitude modulation ... It 's a radio station What good does it do us ? I don 't know ... but it 's the only thing that we can tune in with these limited stations ... these are the headlines that have been circling the world in the last few hours this just in , we received a cable with last minute news it reads : ... today December 28th , 1956 ... 1956 ? ... there is talk in the U.S. of lights ... lights in the sky , being reported just a few hours ago people around doing ... strange and slow movements ... Doesn 't make sense that we are listening to a station from 1956 It 's strange - Could it be a recording ... or - What else could it be ? ... When I was studying quantum astronomy we saw NASA experiments demonstrating lost radio waves in space that managed to return to earth many years later So what you 're thinking is that we 're receiving a lagged transmission Yes , of course What 's this ? It 's handwritten See if it contains any information which could be useful to us It 's written in English It 's a diary Does it belong to the army personnel ? are you going to read it ? Well ... since the hotel room doesn 't have a TV , I have all night to read Listen , it 's coming back in ... What is the US government hiding ? ... ... What kind of information is this ? ... ... Why are the governments of the world covering this up ? ... Tegucigalpa , some days before Let 's get to the point ... you want to ... negotiate Sorry Mr. President , with all due respect that you deserve ... before answering your questions we need some answers how did you learn of the Project for example ? Diego Cuevas medical doctor , specializes in clinical biochemistry ... To put it simply I specialize in human genetics I have led experiments worldwide Let 's see Dr. Carlos Puerto graduate of the University of Science in California physical engineer astronomy studies in Chile three years of work at the National Astronomical Observatory in Chile in systems and coordinates ... Marcela Jimenez graduate of the University of Science in California cum laude physical engineer and here we have Dr. Roberto Hernández - Doctor in quantum physics - Yes sir - Advanced studies in anthropology and history - Yes ... You currently head the physics department of the University of El Salvador and ... have been teaching for almost 20 years at the University of Science in California the truth is you all amaze me all physicists ... mathematicians ... scholars ... I 'm afraid of you all What happened with the Project that you presented ? They don 't want anything to do with me ... they don 't want to give us the go ahead to continue with this And who is doing that ? The committee of global scientists What reason did they give you ? Well ... Well they said that the data and formulas were wrong And that we didn 't have sufficient grounds Would you believe me if I told you that we could open those doors again ? Get to the point then ... Mr. President what would we have to do to make that happen ? If I may Mr. President ... there is something ... this is an official letter from the committee ... which pledges their full support this is a contract read it well this is a commitment from our government to fulfill all that you ask for and in the last page are the signatures from all the members of the committee of global scientists Take it as a gesture of thanks and ... how much will this political gesture cost us ? Tomorrow ... at 0600 hours you will be taken to a camp located in the Mosquitia there you will be prepared for the work ahead And by any chance does this have to do with a video that 's in your possession ? You see we want your help , but you must understand that this work is classified you can think of it as a state secret if you will no one else should know about this everything is stipulated in the contract that you will sign madam and gentlemen what you will see and what you will experience there ... no one else should know ... understand ? Ready ? Where to now ? Over there And if we don 't find anything ? Our last hope was that radio There are a lot of interesting things written here So what ? ... You read all of it ? Everything Doc , I didn 't sleep Is there any information of use to us ? Well I think so That 's good But I 'll fill you in on the way - Perfect , which way ? - This way I 'm going to read you a translated summary Ok ... It was night time the coordinates showed a spot near the Bahamas we didn 't know how far we were a storm started and then everything was completely overcast we had almost zero percent visibility Is there something that can actually help us ? Then the storm grew stronger we don 't remember anything else I opened my eyes and was in an unknown location That 's what happened to us I hear a voice that speaks to me every night it tells me what we need to do and where we have to go with Paul ... that voice is from a person who calls himself ... Oxalc Keep going We saw a strange object in the sky ... we thought maybe a plane that was coming to our rescue but it didn 't look like a plane ... instead it was an oval object ... we followed the direction of the object and found a kind of antenna connected to something Paul says it 's something that receives energy from the sun The solar panel OK , sometime later ... by my calculations ... two years have passed still no answers on this radio just incoherent sounds ... and this shocked me , listen it has been three weeks and Paul has not returned and a strange thing happened yesterday ... I received my first signal on the radio the voice of an announcer , giving news in Spanish from what little I learned when I was in Cuba doing my residency I realized that the voice was of a news broadcast in the year 2013 it spoke of a change in humankind ... weird right ? Carlos this corresponds to the theory that you explained to us yesterday No Doc there we 'd be talking about the future and that is impossible But , according to what we know now ... Well coming to the end , and only at the end does he mention this : Yesterday Oxalc told me that Paul was waiting for me I have to find him in " Ciudad Blanca " ... tomorrow I leave for " Ciudad Blanca " ... there I will receive final instructions ... the men of the future have left them for me What did he mean by that ? And these are the final words ... " Ciudad Blanca " city of the beings of light the city of the great white brotherhood the city that Paul found ... and that 's the end , he signs at the end " Dr. L " Oh of course , he was a doctor and not in the military Doc ... Where are you going ? Why he is leaving without telling us ? Doc , what are you doing ? ... you had us worried I thought ... I saw something Something ? Yes , but ... it was nothing You sure ? Yes ... yes ... Let 's keep going now , it 's getting late , we need to get to that place The Time of No-Time Surely this was also discovered by that certain " Dr. L " Maybe this is as far as we have to go today the voice did not speak of this Carlos are you sure we are on the right path ? Well according to the instructions I received , yes Doc please don 't tell me that you 're taking seriously this thing about the voice There you go again Marce ... for god 's sake Well but there has to be another explanation And what about the town ? You know something I don 't Don 't you think what we found in the diary is enough proof ? I haven 't read it Well you can start now What now Carlos ... what do we do now ... from your point of view ? Well ... I say we wait I think that 's a good idea We can set up camp over there - Looks good - Let 's go ... We need to consolidate things and put them here Doc - and we leave it ... - Sounds good I don 't need this And this ? What for ? I don 't know maybe we can use it at some point is what I 'm saying ... Well , it is small , I 'll put it here Old habits right ? And boy did it come through in a pinch Yeah ... who would have imagined that in those shoes you carried an entire project Old habits Doc for safe keeping I always carry my documents here , so far has served me well - Doc ... - Yeah ... ! Can I ask you something ? Sure ... What did you see back there ? Where ? Come on Doc ... I know you perfectly well , I know you saw something and didn 't tell me It 's very hard Carlos , you wouldn 't believe me You believe me about the voice And this could explain very well about the voice and many other things What did you see back there ? I saw ... I think the same thing he saw , the same object that " Dr. L " saw , the one he describes in his diary The one that looked like an airplane ? The one that looked like an airplane And what was it ? I heard a buzz Carlos ... that 's why I stopped it was strange ... very strange exactly as you described , that 's why I went to see What was it ? I saw ... just like they appear in the videos a UFO I had the same feeling the same feeling ... as when I was kidnapped , when I heard the voice What is this ? No idea , but ... I found it in the camp site the morning when you and Marcela were looking for Diego Could it be theirs ? Now that we are reaching conclusions Doc this doesn 't look from this earth What is happening to us Doc ? I don 't know honestly I haven 't got a clue La Mosquitia , some days before - My Colonel - López Doctor Le Blanc Pleasure to meet you doctor ... These are the scientists - Welcome - Thank you Very well let 's go , we are in a hurry Doctor you are sure that what you will use will not cause side effects ? Don 't worry , it 's a perfectly safe procedure Well , and now what ? We will inject the chemical and proceed to Ground Zero - Here are the documents - Very well , that 's everything Well madam and gentlemen , this is where it all begins we will inject you with a vaccine A vaccine ? ... For what ? It 's for malaria ... none of you have allergies right ? ... You don 't suffer from any medical problems ? What about the two weeks you need for it to take effect ? It 's Colfavac , it 's much more effective Colfavac ! the time it takes to work is exactly the same Look people we made a deal , we know what we are doing , you must trust us Frankly Colonel it 's difficult to trust when you have not give us any information So now we 're going somewhere else ? Yes we have to move forward , that 's where your work will begin Very well we 're in a hurry , let 's begin Where are you taking us then ? The place is called Ground Zero What is that ? That 's what we call the central base for operations What exactly will be our job ? You will work for us on a kind of secret mission ... if that 's what you want to call it You 've been telling us that for awhile but you don 't explain what we have to do It 's simple , all you have to do is bring us back information What type of information Col. ? Your work is based on your individual capabilities an unusual event happened and we need answers What do you mean by unusual event ? How long will it take for it to take effect ? The doctor said that it would be quickly What effect ... what effect are you talking about ? You screwed with us ... I knew that wasn 't ... I 'm sorry guys but you shouldn 't see ... what is to come Carlos ... Carlos ... follow the path of the star in the sky there will be " Ciudad Blanca " New Communication Oxalc ... star ... new communication You think this a good place to leave the backpack ? ... If we ever need it again , we 'll be able to see it because it 's on high ground Look it 's less turbulent there , what if we try there Yes it could be ... let 's go It looks easy to cross here At least it 's not that deep Forget about it being deep , I am worried about the current in the river it 's very strong and that is the danger You know what , let 's use the ropes from the tent ... we tie them at the waist and cross . I disagree ... the current is dangerous we should find another place to cross Carlos Doc we 've all been looking for awhile let 's just cross here , don 't complicate things Let 's stop wasting more time Doc I simply don 't agree , but anyway Doc , hold the rope - Marce ... - Marcela ... Marcela ! Help ! - Marcela ! - Marcela ... Marce ! I told you Carlos , I told you ! I told you ! Doc , don 't untie yourself - We need to look for Marcela - Marce ! ... Help ! Carlos ! help me ! Are you OK ? Doc ... Are you OK ? Doc ... I 'll be back Help ! Marcela ! ... grab onto the rock ! don 't talk ... don 't swallow water grab the rock ! Marcela ! don 't let go please ! don 't let go hold on Marce ! hold on ! help ! Swim close to the shore ... please ... swim close to the shore ! I lost her I told you Carlos ... Marce ! I told you what would happen - Shit ! - I told you ! We have to keep looking Doc Go find help Carlos Tell me where the hell I 'm going to find help around here I don 't know ! ... Go get help ... look for them ... for them But how am I going to leave you Doc , you 're not well It doesn 't matter ... don 't you see that the best thing to do is seek help they are the only ones who can help us with this Go ! ... They are the only ones that can help us I will keep going downstream as far as I can Go ... go get help ! OK I 'll go , calm down I 'll be back , but please keep looking for her Yes ... I will wait for you Carlos ... three weeks have passed and Paul hasn 't come back ... The Encounter Help ! Help please ! please help me ! Help ! Help ! I 'm not scared of you ! we need help ! please come ! I 'm not scared of you ... help ! Do you hear me ? I 'm not scared of you ! ... I 'm not scared of you ! please ! Marce ... Ma ... It 's been so long ! Marce do you remember ? This was the greatest memory I took with me Is this what you see after death ? ma ... You 're not dead But ma this is how people describe death This is a gift ... a moment that they have given you , before going to the place where they are waiting for you They ? You will soon understand things in that place Are you going to be therewith me ? Marce ... I 've always been with you here Will I see you again ma ? I promise you very soon Ma ... I miss you Me too ... I 've missed you very much Is there anyone here ? Ground Zero Excavation to Kaha Kamasa Carlos ... Hello Carlos ... We have been waiting for you Diego ? The Crystal ... Carlos this ... helped you get here What are you doing here ? Come with me Did you find it ? Sixty years ago But you 've only been missing for three days In your time Carlos ... only three days have passed ... but where I have been ... it 's been almost 60 years they ... found me at the camp site they took me to Ciudad Blanca ... and explained what my mission was ... they prepared me ... and took me with them to Morlem ... soon you will understand Is this a joke ? Did you think it was a joke ... when you heard the voice of Oxalc ? Our project is very important for humanity , Carlos ... but it was not to be published until after ... 2012 Was it published ? Yes ... You ... published it I don 't understand Your mission Carlos ... starts here and it will continue on earth for many more years My mission ... or rather my missions ... have been many ... and this ... is one of them to give you the message ... that you will bring back to humankind on earth ... that will change things as has never happened before And when will that happen ? Right now Carlos ... at this very moment ... in your hands is one of the biggest changes to humanity And how am I supposed to ... carry the message ? Come on ... soon you 'll know where and how ... you 'll be in Ciudad Blanca for several months just like I was ... and then ... you will live in Morlem for five years Where is Morlem ? It is an intraterrestrial city ... but not on earth it is on Ganymede ... one of Jupiter 's moons ... there reside the beings of the great white brotherhood And what will happen to Doc and Marcela ? When I said ' we ' have expecting you I was also referring to them They are with you ? They have been with us for a long time now but they have another mission ... there ... in Morlem Why haven 't you aged then ? Things are very different there Carlos ... technology is highly advanced ... I will take you to the plant ... from which the liquid is extracted that prevents you ... from aging ... at least for now When you finally understand this ... there you will be able to understand the final theory in our project ... and the earth switched to a new time on December 21st , 2012 ... to a time of new harmony the Time of No-Time ... will finally have all of its theories ... fully proved Carlos this is your mission Now ... open your eyes and try to remember We have been informing you for about 18 hours straight ... and just now ... we are getting new material ... that will be transmitted live on air ... air across about 7,600 ... How am I supposed to deliver the message ... soon you 'll know where and how ... who would have imagined that in those shoes you carried an entire project ... old habits Doc Dr. Carlos Puerto presented concrete evidence ... of an experience of extraterrestrial contact ... by way of a Xendra this is a dimensional gate created with technology beyond our world ... in a different time and space than the one we live in ... in our studio we now have exclusive audiovisual material with images and sounds that we never thought would be televised ... what you will now see is going to certainly and completely change the way you think I am sure this will bring all mankind to a new level of social consciousness ... a new level of awareness ... a new cycle a new year zero for science and religious beliefs of the world ... judge for yourself , form your own opinions about the content of this video and ask yourself this question , the same question that I am asking myself ... What happens now ? ... run the tape Today is December 29th 1956 ... two years ago my partner Paul and I had an accident in a strange place during a military mission now I must leave this place and begin what I have to do I go in search of the men of the future much has passed and I still cannot understand but Oxalc told me that one day I will the next instruction will be in the message they have left for me ... what comes next is another very different story to tell maybe someday I will 57 years later - Hello - Hello ! ... Doc Do you have news ? It 's resolved I spoke with all three already You convinced them ? Yes I convinced them , all three are coming Perfect ! Listen to me well Doc after the meeting the president will give the order to send you all to Ground Zero I will meet you there that 's our mission Doc Yes Doc ... see you soon My name is Dr. Le Blanc ... and this is my mission Subtitles by Innominabilis
