 [ GUNSHOT ] NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : PETER : No , no , no . No , it can 't be . Not again . [ SOBBING ] SEPTEMBER : If we can send the boy into the future , they 'll realize all that he is ... - ... and never go down that path . - Observers will never exist . They will never invade . - Michael is how we 're gonna see Etta again . - We 've still got a long way to go . WALTER : These things we 've collected , how can they be used to defeat the Observers ? SEPTEMBER : They are part of a device that we must build . There 's something I need you to do . This is the trigger I need . It 's an initiating reactor . It 's lost its charge . Without this piece , I cannot reset time . If your plan is successful , we will cease to exist . If our plan doesn 't succeed , they will cease to exist . After all this time , the feelings you had for these people the feelings we all had they have not grown in you ? When we first came when we started to experience emotive development by being in this era we agreed , the 12 of us , to speak nothing of it . You lost control , as did August . When we first came here , we did not know the true nature of our expedition . We were not told . The people of this era this is their destiny . Destiny can be changed but you have to have the will to change it even if it requires sacrifice . I took a risk even coming to see you because I believe that the people of this era are worth saving . WALTER : It needs to be at a 22 degree angle . Twenty-two degrees . Can you hear me ? Blasted thing . What I wouldn 't give for an old-fashioned tumor-inducing cell phone . I can hear you . Twenty-two degrees . Copy that . And make sure it 's on an even plane . Absolutely crucial . Okay . Stop . - We 're there . - What 's the energy meter reading ? [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] WALTER : Do you see a red light on ? - Hello . BROYLES : It 's me . Where are you ? PETER : We have the boy . We 're on our way . Once news starts breaking , I wanna be out . I 'm gonna get a few things we need and come to you . Good enough . We 'll speak soon . BROYLES [ DISTORTED ] : Where are you right now ? PETER [ DISTORTED ] : We have the boy . We 're on our way . We have the boy . We 're on our way . BROYLES : Once news starts breaking , I wanna be out . I 'm gonna get a few things we 'll need and come directly to you . - Here you are , sir . The checkpoints . - Thank you , Carol . I , um ... I 'll be gone for the rest of the afternoon . Agent Broyles . I would like a word with you . You are aware we had a level one security breach today resulting in the abduction of a high-value detainee from our facility . No . No , I didn 't know that . The fugitives knew precisely where we were holding the prisoner . You think that information came from someone in my division ? We are exploring all possibilities . I have heard whispers that the resistance operative known as The Dove may be among us . If that were true , whoever it is should have been read and exposed long ago . I do not wish to keep you any longer from your duties . Remain vigilant , Phillip . SEPTEMBER : Where have you been ? OLIVIA : Why would he step off the monorail ? Why would he do that ? He knows too much . He must have known that they wanted to harm him . Apparently there was a reason . There always is . WALTER : I 've spoken to Anil and his men . The magnet has been positioned on the truck as requested . We 're missing an important part . The initiating reactor 's core decayed substantially over the past 20 years . I enlisted help to secure another one . - From my time . - An Observer ? One I trust . But one of you will need to retrieve it . So , what is the initiating reactor ? WALTER : It provides a surge of energy to start up the device . The purpose of this machine is to generate a singularity . Essentially a small Wormhole . Once it 's open , then we 'll be able to deploy the cylinders . They serve to stabilize each end . One will remain here , in our present , as an anchor . The other one will be sent to a specific point in the future : 2167 . How do we get them to 2167 ? - That 's what the magnet is for . WALTER : It 's used as a launch platform . It will hold the cylinder at the precise axis it needs to be to enter the wormhole ensuring that the cylinder reaches its destination . And the scrolls are to help us set those cylinders precisely . We 'll need two generators to power the magnet . Already with Anil . To run the magnet off two generators , they have to be in perfect phase . - We 'll need a synchroscope . - I would have thought of that . There would be one of them in there , probably near the fish tank . And Michael ? He will traverse the Wormhole to 2167 . He 'll meet the scientist in Oslo , Norway . And that meeting will change the course of human evolution . How will he know who the scientist is ? There will be someone there to guide him . [ CELL PHONE RINGING ] It 's Broyles . You good ? I 'm leaving for Boston . Coming to you . MAN 1 : Have him on the Spring Street exit . Number 49 northbound , lane two . MAN 2 [ OVER RADIO ] : Copy , traffic control . MAN 3 : Bravo unit is on standby to continue surveillance . MAN 4 : Bravo unit has visual . He 's 200 meters ahead , right lane . MAN 2 : Copy that . - Call us when you 're close . Peter will meet you at the entrance of the steam tunnel . Broyles , are you there ? Can you hear me ? Hello ? They 're following me . Windmark is letting me lead them to you . I 'll lead them around as long as I can . But it 's only a matter of time before they realize I 'm not leading them to you . If I 'm caught , they 'll read me . I can protect my thoughts , but there 's only so long that will last . Windmark is not going to read you . We 're going to come and get you . The most important thing is the plan . Listen to me , Phillip , tell me where you are . Olivia ... - ... just get it done . - Just tell me where- - You heard him . If he is captured , it 's only a matter of time before they know we 're here . Peter . Start excavating that synchroscope . We need to go get the new initiator . And we need to gather everything that is required and leave . It 's our only chance . WALTER : Peter , how you going with the synchroscope ? No synchroscope yet , but I found some sort of syringe . Any idea what that was for or why you had it ? I have no idea . This tape is addressed to me . It 's your handwriting . Peter , I sent you a letter . It contains something of mine . What letter , Walter ? I imagine you called me to ask , " Why would you send such a strange letter ? " And when you tried to call , I didn 't answer so you came to find me at the lab . But I was not to be found . I was here one moment , then vanished from the face of the Earth the next . I want you to know , I 'm fine . Living many , many years from now . What is this , Walter ? You will never see me again . ... because it had to be this way to ensure the future of our humanity . Your future . The future of Olivia and the future of Etta . I don 't want you to be sad . The time we had together , we stole . I cheated fate to be with you . And we shouldn 't have had that time together , but we did . And I wouldn 't change it for the world I don 't want to say goodbye but I will say I love you , son . I wasn 't truthful with you . I do know what that is . It 's an inoculation for time travel . I 'm taking the child Observer into the future , Peter . I was already inoculated in 2015 . I left this one in case something happened to me and someone else had to bring the boy across to complete the plan . - Does it have to be this way ? - Yes . Why ? Because , Peter , the boy and I , we will become a paradox . Nature abhors a paradox . It has to heal itself . It does so by deleting me and the boy at the moment of the invasion . The boy and I will disappear after 2015 . So in order to maintain a future without the Observers you and Michael have to live out the rest of your lives in the future . I know in my soul this is what I am supposed to do . I want you to give Olivia your daughter back . I want to give you your life back . As a father , how could I not do that for you ? What I said in the tape about stealing time with you , I meant it . I wouldn 't trade it for the world . [ SOBBING ] You are my favorite thing , Peter . My very favorite thing . MAN 1 : Left it in the car ? MAN 2 : No , I didn 't . Hang on a second . What happened to the part ? OBSERVER : This was taken from one of the original 12 scientific expedition team . Your order to monitor the remaining members was wise . When December traveled to the future and procured this unit , I was notified . What is this ? September is assembling a device with the fugitives . It is a trigger containing an atomic charge that is going to allow them to create a Wormhole . They intend to reset time . [ TRUCK HORN BLARING ] [ TIRES SCREECHING ] [ HORNS HONKING ] He 's in the number 6 stairwell . B Unit , cover 61st Street exit , subject 's moving on foot . Repeat , he 's in the number 6 stairwell . He knows that we know . We can 't complete the plan because we 're missing one single piece ? SEPTEMBER : Without the initiating reactor , there 's no way we can open a Wormhole . - There 's not enough energy . - The rocks provide the energy . - To sustain the reaction , not to trigger it . - Like a car with a full tank and no spark plug . We 're stuck . There must be someplace we can find another ignition source . - Maybe we can make one . - It 's impossible . Nothing strong enough available in this time period . OLIVIA : Michael , I need your help . When I crossed over to rescue you , you looked at me like you expected me . You smiled . Like you knew I 'd come for you . Can you tell me what I should do next ? What about a shipping lane ? Of course . If we could gain control of a shipping lane we could use that as our Wormhole ! And everything else would work as planned . You are a genius ! This is the shipping manifest I decoded . It 's a schedule . It 'll give us the location and time of the next shipment . - So when is it opening ? - Tomorrow morning at 6 : 08 a.m. 40.7787 north . 73.9776 west . - That 's New York . - See what you can find about checkpoints . First we need an end dock stabilizer . What is an end dock stabilizer ? It looks like a cube . You activate it at the location the wormhole opens . I know what you mean . If we re-calibrate it , we can reverse the polarity . Change directional flow of the shipping lane so that it 'll send rather than receive . [ CELL PHONE BEEPING ] - Anil ? - Broyles . He 's been captured . I put out feelers . I 'll keep you informed . What does this mean for the plan ? It 's happening tomorrow morning . There 's one other thing we need first . Peter . Hold onto these tight . Anti-gravity osmium bullets . Shoot Observers with these and watch them float away like balloons . We shoot them , they 're dead . Why do we want them to float away ? Because it 's cool . That makes sense , Walter . Okay . Let 's start loading the car . You gonna be okay ? Walter , there 's something I want to show you . Peter I want to talk to you . WALTER : Gene . I was gonna let her out , but I was afraid that they would hear her moo . Yes , she does moo quite loudly . Especially after a meal . I at least wanted you to see her . You always know how to soothe me . You always have . Walter , this is not the end . We 're gonna win this . And when we do , we 'll be drinking strawberry milkshakes in the lab and we 're not even gonna remember that this happened . That sounds lovely . [ BOTH LAUGHING ] It 's a beautiful name . What is ? Astrid . WINDMARK : Before we arrived here we sent a team of 12 . Their mission was to observe and report However a strange phenomenon occurred . To some degree or other they succumbed to irrational emotion . Your kind infected them . But not you . You seem to be impervious to everything . I will never speak of it again but I will admit this to you , Philip . I , too , feel something . I believe you call it hate . The feeling is mutual . BROYLES : I didn 't know about it ... MAN : Why didn 't you tell us not to ... ? BROYLES : I can handle ... What ? Remember when I told you we had a long way to go before seeing her again ? It 's not that long anymore . We 're going to see her . We 're gonna have her back . Nothing else matters . He 's here . PETER : Hey . - Hi . This is an air intake supply line . - It leads to half the building . PETER : That 's enough , believe me . MAN : Good luck . WALTER : We need to get going . We have to meet them . I gave myself the last inoculation . I 'm going with him , Walter . I 'm taking him into the future . I 've already told Peter about my decision . I know you once believed this was your destiny a price you had to pay . I need this . I have prepared myself for this . I 've been thinking about this since I first saw the boy again . Walter , 20 years ago , when I agreed to let you be the one to take him I didn 't have the feelings I have now . Later , when I began to realize the height of his intellect and what you call the depths of his emotions still I couldn 't understand what it was that I meant to him . And I was unable to reciprocate . When I saw you when I saw Peter and saw what he meant to you then I understood what my feelings were and why they were important . I can 't communicate with him in the traditional ways but when I take his hand and I lead him he 'll know that I love him . That 's being a father . It 's not about fate , Walter , yours or mine . It 's about changing fate . It is about hope . And protecting our children . Think about them , Phillip . Think about where they are . [ VOICES CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ] They will understand you had no choice . It is acceptable . I am your ally . BROYLES : Harvard University . - -In the lab ... - -in the lab ... [ ALARM BLARING ] MAN : Clear the building . [ MEN CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ] MAN : Let 's go , let 's go . OBSERVER : It is entering this wing . Evacuate . [ PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY ] MAN 2 : Oh , my God ! No ! [ GROANING ] PETER : I found one . OLIVIA : Good , because I found something too . [ GUNSHOT ] OLIVIA : We 'll get you out of here . PETER : You don 't know how lucky you are this room has no ventilation . Trust me . They 'll set up the corridor soon . We don 't have much time . Where are Peter and Olivia ? [ CELL PHONE RINGS ] Olivia , where are you ? They 've got the cube . And Agent Broyles . - I know . We 're in position . - We have to hurry . Team 2 . Engage . [ MEN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY ] MAN 3 : Move , move , move ! MAN 4 : Regroup ! OLIVIA : Michael . Stay down . Peter ! Peter , look ! What did I say ? That is cool ! Ha-ha-ha ! SEPTEMBER : Now , Walter ! Get the boy ! [ GRUNTING ] [ GAGGING ] [ CAR ALARMS BLARING ] Let 's go . [ G ROANS ] [ MUSIC BOX PLAYING ] [ MUSIC BOX STOPS ] [ MOUTHS ] I love you , Dad . PETER : I think that I would be happy to stay here for the rest of my life . We should probably get her home , soon . Get her into a bath , which is never easy . I nominate you for that one . Etta ! It 's time to go . Come on , kiddo . It 's time to go home . [ ETTA LAUGHING ] OLIVIA : You 're being silly . [ English - US - SDH ]
