 Flashforward S01E11-1E12 I wanna tell you a story about a man I know . A window washer in Los Angeles . Nothing special about him- - just going about his life , living from day to day . Hook me up . Vague plans . Few dreams . And if he had any aspirations , he never spoke of them . Like most of us , He was already unconscious when the blackout hit . Before the blackout , the window washer lived his life ignoring the questions of the future . They just weren 't that important to him , so he believed nothing . But the blackout came ... and this man faced certain death . Many of us think that when divine intervention happens , it 's something big . But it can also be a small thing ... that seems so inconsequential in the moment , That turns out to be the turning point for your entire life . Big or small , what if that moment affected everyone , everywhere at the exact same time ? what would that mean to you ? Where would you look for answers ? The answer is never about just one person . Every single person 's life was touched by the blackout . None of us are in this alone . Help ! Each one of us is unique . But we are being stitched together to form a tapestry , something larger that can 't be understood until we step back to see the whole thing ... I need help here ! At some point , we all wake up , and then we have to choose . Do we walk in hope , believing that what god is doing is good , or do we stumble around , resigning ourselves to chaos ? The window washer saw a path through the chaos , and he saw the good in what he was shown . That window washer ... was me . These are the questions people have always struggled with . Only now , they are more powerful than ever . Take me through something here . You 're in a foreign country against my expressed wishes , and you decide to pull a gun in a public place . Just out of curiosity , what were you thinking ? Back off ! Back off now ! Can I go see my wife ? She was just nearly kidnapped . What ... were ... you thinking ? I asked you a question . Can you try to tell us what you saw ? Uh , yeah . I was saying good-bye . Dylan Simcoe 's been a patient of mine for a while . Um , the paramedics were loading him in . And that 's when I noticed something was wrong . - We don 't have time for this . - Well , they weren 't paramedics . I mean , they didn 't know what they were doing . Bill , can you get down here ? - Who 's bill ? - Oh , the security guard . They shot him . They shot him . They just did it . And then they turned the gun at me . No , no , no ! Please , please , please don 't hurt her . And that 's when Mark jumped in and got in the middle of it . Mark ? Lloyd . Sorry . Tired . Lloyd Simcoe . He told them not to hurt me And that he 'd go with them . He saved my life . Some stranger tells me I 'm gonna put three bullets in my friend . I 'm not gonna invite her to a tea party . Are you trying to be cute ? At least I 'm not sitting on my hands . We still haven 't gone to Somalia . We can 't find D. Gibbons , and for some reason , We 're not using every resource available to us to find out who the hell suspect zero is . Somalia is a war zone , and I 'm working to get us in . The Detroit bureau is canvassing Michigan looking for suspect zero , and we 've got Gibbons on the ten most wanted list , which is more than a miracle to pull off . So don 't you imply that I 'm not working with you here . Are you gonna find Lloyd ? This only happened ' cause he came forward , did the right thing . Please find him . Your bureau-mandated therapist- - you see her three times a week , and when she thinks you 're up to it , we 'll talk about a reinstatement . Excuse me ! I know America was a country founded by puritans , But is there really not a single beer in this entire place ? I think you got us confused with the A.T.F. , Dr. Campos . What is it you 're doing here ? I 'm advising the office on all things scientific related to the investigation . Very scientific . That is classified . Not to me . Mark ? I can see working for the FBI is gonna be much more interesting than academia . - Mark , it 's not what it looks like . - Shh . Not now . You 've been through enough . This can wait till later . Let 's go home . Yeah . Bye-bye . It 's been eight hours since Simcoe was kidnapped . - Where are we ? - We know it was a professional job , but there hasn 't been any kind of ransom demand . We can only theorize as to why he 's been taken , But considering how many people want him dead- - Could be anyone . - What 's he doing here ? - Nice to see you , too , Agent Noh . Agent Vogel has officially joined the Mosaic Task force . Embrace it , Demetri . This is now an interagency investigation . I 've asked Dr. Campos to be here . His close association to Simcoe should be able to shed some light on our kidnappers . I suggest we cast a wider net- - terrorists , anyone interested in future forecasting . If someone were able to master the flash-forwards , They would be effectively printing their own money . I think we can all agree that the mind of Lloyd Simcoe is a priceless resource . Help ! Help ! Can anybody hear me ? No one can hear you . You 're dehydrated . You should replenish your electrolytes . You tell me what I need to know , - And you can walk out of here right now . - Who are you ? You actually don 't want to know the answer to that question . - Go to hell . - You have no idea what hell is , But I guess you 're gonna find out . From the outside , I looked the same after the blackout . But inside , I was different . We 've lived believing not knowing the future made life difficult . The truth is that it 's vastly more difficult knowing what lies before us . " But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , you shall not eat , For in the day that you eat of it , You shall surely die . " Mom ? Mom ! Why would you do something like that ? You could have burned the whole house down ! What 's gotten into you ? - Sorry . - Whatever . She 's had breakfast . - The nanny was late . - You know , when you say you 're gonna be here , - I need you to be here . - It 's not my fault . She burned the bible this morning . - What ? - Might want to search the house again for matches or a lighter . Whatever . The family bible ? Mom ! The challenge for us is to find the gift in what we saw . We may not recognize it at first , But if we pay attention , it will reveal itself . What else am I gonna do ? Charlie 's at school , and it 's not like I play any golf . We didn 't get to talk last night , And I don 't want to not talk . I was saying good-bye to Lloyd . But what you saw in that videotape- - that was supposed to be an ending . I swear to God , it made me happy - to think it was over . - I 'm just glad you 're okay . That 's the thing . I 'm not . I haven 't been for a while . At work I 'm cold and I 'm distant , And then I come home , and you and I- - I haven 't been the easiest guy to come home to . I know . I 'm sorry . What if we just ran ? What if we just upped and moved away ? No , I mean it . I mean , everything bad we saw - was here in L.A. - You 're serious about this ? Al Gough jumped off a building to save a woman 's life- - a woman he didn 't even know . There 's nothing I wouldn 't do to save our marriage . Come here . 9-1-1 . There 's a homeless man . He 's vomiting . He looks like he needs help . 838 Bauchet Street , - by the train yards . Are you with the victim now , sir ? The call 's a hoax . Real E.M.T.S responded , bad guys swapped themselves in . The ambulance company supplied us with this , And aside from the videotape , it 's the only lead we have - on the kidnapping . - Have you found the missing E.M.T.S ? We sent the LAP to test location Dead end . It 's just an empty rail yard south of downtown . - And we haven 't located the ambulance , either . - You outsourced this to the Los Angeles police department ? - It 's a local crime- - - That involves our investigation . - What about Lloyd 's laptop ? - What about it ? Well , I might be able to break through the encryption software , See who he was in contact with before he was taken . - Could help . - Janis , take a security team . Escort Dr. Campos to the Simcoe house . I want to talk to the detectives who canvassed that crime scene . Thank you . Is this , uh , suite 520 ? Uh-huh , and you 're my 3 : 00 . Then why does it look like you 're leaving ? 'cause it 's 3 : 00 , and if I don 't get an iced latte stat , I 'm gonna need therapy . Agent Benford , for the past 12 years , My job has been to help people cope by helping them explore their past . But since the blackout , that 's all changed . The majority of people who are coming to see me are dealing with traumas from their future . So tell me what you saw . I saw myself off the wagon with guns pointed at me . - What else do you remember ? - That 's not enough trauma for you ? I 've seen your files . You 've got a god complex . I believe that you saw something in your flash-forward , Something that you might not even be conscious of , that 's making you believe that you 're the center Of the universe , and I 'm not signing anything Until we find out what that is . Next thing I knew , I was upside down , staring at a broken windshield and a bunch of oranges - on the 110 . - Okay , by my math , that doesn 't exactly add up to 2 minutes and 17 seconds . You 're not the first person to point that out . And you were drinking ? Can 't even remember half of it . Do you want to ? 'cause there has been some success using a modified calcineurin inhibitor to enhance people 's memories of their flash-forwards . Using a drug to enhance memories . Eh , I don 't know . I don 't think a magical mystery tour is the best way to go for - someone in recovery . - What are you afraid of ? Not much . In case you forgot , - I chase down very bad people for a living . - Not anymore you don 't . Call me when you want to continue treatment . I 'd be happy to see you . You go to the alley . Guard the back door . Could you get me a beer ? from the refrigerator , please ? We 're here as your security , Mr. Campos , not your servants . I 'm trying to brute force an encryption here . I don 't have time to get up . I have even less time for explicating why said request Should be obvious . So why don 't you toddle off , get me a beer ? It 'll help me cogitate . That means " Think . " That 's a big word for such a little man . I 'm wounded . But I still want my beer . Janis ! Get her on her side . You 're all right . You 're okay . Take it easy . - Where 's Simon ? - He 's gone . You 're the only one here . - What happened ? - There were two guys wearing masks ... Just like the ones on Mark 's board . Good . I found you . But his father 's been kidnapped . It 's not like he 's gonna live on the street . Social services will take good care of him . This is my patient . You can 't release him . You signed the forms yesterday . We kept him overnight as a courtesy , but come on . - We needs the beds . - Yeah , but he 's developed a complication . - His clot got worse . - I didn 't realize you had X-ray vision . Well , guess we can close down radiology . Dylan , come here a second . Dylan ? Hey , babe ? I 'm not gonna hurt you . Dylan ? Hey , hey , hey . Dylan , sweetie ? That 's right . Yeah , elevated heart rate , shortness of breath And , uh , warm forehead . Could be sepsis . Are they gonna find my daddy , Olivia ? Yeah . Of course they are . Oh , yeah . Like we 're gonna find an ambulance out here That the L.A.P.D. Couldn 't find . Good call . This was definitely not a waste of time . You know what ? I got a better idea . Why don 't we , uh , take out our guns and wave ' em around ? - See what happens . - Listen , what happened in Hong Kong- - Should stay in Hong Kong ? I was following a lead on my own murder . I know , but the thing you and Benford screwed up Over there is so much bigger than who might - put 3 bullets in you on March 15th . - For you maybe Come on . Do you think you 're the only one Who didn 't have a flash-forward , Who saw something , uh , they wish they hadn 't ? Take some advice.You can cry , you can lie to your fiancee Whatever . But sooner or later you better get it together , Or else she 's gonna be ... walkin ' along that beach Getting ready to marry somebody else . Don 't be stupid . There are people around you who know things you don 't . If you want to avoid being killed , You 're gonna need a better partner- - Better than Mark Benford . What was that about a waste of time ? - I am so glad to see your shining face . - Really ? Yep . Mr. Michalski just woke up from surgery , And we need someone to him . - Happy to . - Thanks . Uh , wait ! Excuse me . Oh , I 'm--I 'm sorry . I thought- - thought you were someone else . Sorry . In my flash-forward I only saw him for a second , But I 'm sure it was him . Well , I gave his description to security . I really want you to call that - detective friend of Mark 's . - Detective Liefeld . No , I gave him a description two months ago . I mean , this won 't be anything new . You never know what can help . You should call him . Okay . Ooh . E.R. Okay . Uh , I 'll see you later . Hey , it 's gonna be all right . Okay ? Oh , I keep trying to convince myself that this is a mistake- - You know , it 's just something that I don 't understand . But I-I can 't keep walking around wondering If this guy 's gonna be behind every corner . Have you heard about Sanctuary ? Um , let me show you . I put these up everywhere . Here . Yeah , I 've seen these . The guy who leads it sees things in a really positive way . You should check it out . He might be able to help . It doesn 't matter to me whether you were frightened By what you saw or excited . I 'll be the first to admit I was totally confused by my flash-forward . I wasn 't a religious person at all . I didn 't know what to do . But a voice said , " Just keep moving forward . " So I created Sanctuary ... A place where we can be safe , Were there is no threat , No danger . What do you think they 're after ? It 's the experiment at N.L.A.P. It 's gotta be . And clearly , I didn 't consider the repercussions of our announcement . Your announcement , Lloyd . I shouldn 't have implicated you and the rest of the staff . Oh , spare me your whinging , Lloyd . I was co-director of the project . I was on the hook the moment you opened your mouth , And as I 've said repeatedly , I do not think we were Responsible for the blackout . Well , it would seem our captors would beg to differ . Yes . We do beg to differ . Sit , please . I have emphysema . I contracted it through years of habitual smoking . Disgusting proclivity , isn 't it ? Only villains smoke . We know this , right ? I 'm sorry . You are ? You may call me Flosso . And I 'm a villain . Imagine ... a basket The size of Montana . Now imagine said basket is filled with money . That is what my employers are paying me to ask you these questions . At 11.00 A.M. on October 6th , You conducted a Proton-driven Plasma-Wakefield experiment . It is my understanding that you were searching For tachyonic dark matter . In the resulting particle collision , How much collision energy was generated ? - I don 't know . - Are we talking about a billion electron volts ? - I don 't know . - How many electron volts were generated ? Perhaps I can help you with your inquiry . On October 6th , You were in Toronto burying your father , I believe . I 'm asking the man who actually pushed the button . You 're here for a different reason . So how many electron volts were generated ? I 'd rather die than tell you how to manufacture another blackout . - You think you caused it ? - I did . No , Dr. Simcoe . All the two of you did was amplify it . So again , How many electron volts ? - What you got ? - No wounds , no ligature marks , So I 'm going with a poison of some kind . But I won 't know more until the toxology comes back . We found this . Might belong to one of the E.M.T.S. - A leather case ? - Fits a Palm Pre , but we didn 't find a phone . If the phone 's still in the ambulance , We can triangulate its position from its signal . Find the phone , find the ambulance . Find the ambulance , maybe find the guys who stole it . Find them , and they 'll get us to Simon and Lloyd . Just relax . You ever sit in a chair before ? Not like this one , no . Well , some people who 've had difficulty recalling Their flash-forwards have had real breakthroughs with this treatment . So how about you tell me what changed your mind ? I 'm driving everyone around me- - everyone I care about- - away ... Because I can 't deal with what my future might be . Was that really so hard to say ? You got no idea . Well , therapy is a lot like A.A. The first step in recovery Is admitting you have a problem . This gonna hurt ? Truth always does a little . The man in my flash-forward had a neck like an ox , Smelled like a meat locker . Don 't know where I was or who the man was . I felt my thumbs on his trachea . I pushed down as hard as I could until I felt something snap . Then I let go . I can 't believe you 'd be capable of something like that . I guess mine 's a little - bit more violent than yours . - I 'm confused . In my flash-forward , I ... - I got a text message from you . - Sorry , I have to make a call . I can 't remember that . I mean , obviously I couldn 't have Sent you a text in the middle of what I was doing . Or maybe I sent you a text earlier , - And you just retrieved it then . - I don 't understand . Why don 't our futures match ? Because it 's a possible future . Clearly , you weren 't paying any attention - To the story about the FBI agent - who committed suicide . Anything 's possible ... Vision or no vision . Lloyd , that 's pointless . They 're wire windows . They 've probably nailed them shut anyway . Touche I just need one person to walk by And look down . No , no , no , no . Wait . No , no , no , no , no ! Wait ! No ! Help ! Help ! You should start to feel A tingling sensation in your extremities . This is completely normal . Just relax . Let the memories come . What ? I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball When I came crashing through . Go to hell , Lloyd . What did you see ? I was on the phone . Do you know who you were talking to ? Lloyd Simcoe You dropped something . Let 's start again from the beginning . You were conducting an experiment In Plasma-Wakefield acceleration . Am I correct in that assumption ? I thought I made it clear I can 't tell you . Get the--Lloyd ! Were you successful , Dr. Simcoe ? Lloyd ! All right , all right . Did your facility detect anything superluminal ? This has nothing to do with Simon . Why ? Was there any Cherenkov radiation ? I ... I can 't . Lloyd ! Help ! Lloyd ! Very well then . Let the wild rumpus begin . Hey , kiddo . Go back to sleep , babe . I was just checking in on you . I can 't . Will you sing some more ? I think I exhausted my repertoire . I have to go home . I saved you this from my dinner . A cookie ? You did ? Thank you . Hey , Aaron . It 's Mark . I think I could use some help . Talk to me , man . What 's happened , Mark ? Why are you sitting here in your car in front of a bar ? It 's what 's gonna happen , right ? My therapist ... Gave me this drug To unlock the parts of my flash-forward I couldn 't remember because I was drinking . It 's me . I need to talk to you . Eh , well , this isn 't a good time . I was on the phone with Lloyd Simcoe . - Have you been drinking ? - Go to hell , Lloyd . I told him I didn 't want to talk to him . Look , you have every right to hate me , but- - Listen , I don 't hate you . I just wish you were standing behind the eight ball when I came crashing through Fine , but we need to talk about the Q.E.D. Sound like we were working together . I 'm not sure . It 's highly theoretical , but I 'm--I 'm close to cracking it . Listen to me . Close is not good enough . D. Gibbens told me about ... The man you call D. Gibbens lied to you . You need to hurry . We 're running out of time . - Unless we can stop this ... - and then I told him ... There 's gonna be another blackout . Are you sure ? I 'm positive . There 's gonna be another blackout . If Simcoe saw the same thing you did , Why 's he been sitting on this information the whole time ? Why hasn 't he come forward ? I don 't know . Let 's find him and ask him . - Let me back in , and I can track him . - Look , go home . I 'm doing my best to get you reinstated . - I promise . - W-what am I supposed to do till then ? You said you saw more clues from your vision . Work them ... - But be quiet about it . - All right . This business about another blackout ... Keep it to yourself . If we can 't tell the world when it 's going to happen , That 's beyond irresponsible . This is the number for one of your missing E.M.T.S. We 're hoping the phone might still be in the ambulance . Can you track it for us ? Yeah . If the battery 's still got juice , I can capture the signal - And triangulate its position . - How close can you get us ? To within 50 meters if it 's in the city . Great . Let 's do it . I made it for you , daddy , to cheer you up . Sometimes we feel god 's hand on the back of our neck Pushing us towards something . And sometimes we feel totally abandoned . That 's normal . But just because you don 't feel something Doesn 't mean it 's not there . How many people here have gotten sunburned On a cloudy day ? You didn 't think it was working on you , but it was . God 's love is just like that- - Working for your good , whether you are aware of it or not . Here you go . Thank you . - Sorry . I just had a question . - Sure . What about our responsibility before God ? - Don 't we owe him something ? - Like what ? Obedience ? I mean , we need to follow the rules that he sets out . And if we don 't ? We get punished . I-I just don 't see how you can say that the blackout was good . And look at all the people that died . Look at all the trouble it 's causing . Wow . Clearly , I 've upset you . Well , don 't you thin ... in the very least , the flash-forwards were a wake-up call for us to get our act together - before it 's too late ? - I didn 't catch your name . Nicole . My name is Timothy . I 'd really like to keep talking with you , But if I don 't get out of here before my hour 's up , - I get charged . - Well , thanks . There 's a coffee shop I like nearby . If you want to talk about it again later ... Red Panda provides humanitarian aid all around the world ... Everything from micro-investments to education . We 've been extremely busy since the blackout . I 'm sure you can imagine . You said you do work all over the world . Yes . We grew out of D.H.S in the ' 90s ... You know , demographic and health services . We 're in south America , the middle east , the African subcontinent ... Somalia ? Was Red Panda there in ' 91 ? There was no Red Panda in 1991 . We weren 't chartered until ' 98 . And you send in , what , teams of people ? With clean water supplies , mostly . The warlords keep most everyone out , But , you know , humanitarian groups like us can get in . Is there anyone I could talk to about maybe ... Piggybacking on one of Red Panda 's trips ? Um ... doubt it . Not to be disrespectful , but most of the people working here probably have police records as thick as the Bible . We 're not like that anymore . Have a nice day , agent Benford . Dr. Simcoe , how many electron volts were generated ? It 's a number , Dr. Simcoe ... An abstract object . I can 't sacrifice any more lives . " Sacrifice " Is an interesting word . I appreciate its duality . It can be used as either a noun or a verb . One can take action , surrender , or give something up - for something else . - What - ... what are you doing ? I , however , prefer the Greek noun form thusia , to indicate the object itself that is sacrificed ... Meaning one 's family ... - Lloyd ? - Or the proverbial pound of flesh . No . No ! No ! No ! No ! Aah ! Lloyd ! Tell them what they want , Lloyd !
