 Coulson : Previously on " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " ... I was killed . Well , almost . Afterwards is kind of a blank . - Not everyone gets sent to Tahiti . - It 's a magical place . - He really doesn 't know , does he ? - He can never know . What is Centipede ? Simmons : It 's an intravenous filter for his blood . Mike : The soldiers at the warehouse were forced to attack us through that eye thing ? When the tide turned in our favor , - Centipede flipped Hayward 's kill switch . - Don 't do th ... Simmons : Po 's the strategist . Raina 's the recruiter . Perhaps this Clairvoyant 's the money . - Why do they want you ? - Ward : They 've taken Coulson . Take care of my boy ! Mike ! We want you to tell us about the day after you died . 1x11 - The Magical Place Vanchat : 100 % premium-grade Chitauri metal , as rare as it gets . How 'd you get your hands on this , Vanchat ? It 's what I do ... Find alien scrap that no one else can , then offer it to people who fully appreciate my efforts . Mm , I appreciate the hell out of them . You can name your price . [ device beeps ] Is that a roomba ? Aah ! [ door opens ] [ grunting ] [ gunshot ] Fitz-Simmons , he 's heading your way . We 've never done anything like this before . - Are you sure ? - It 's time , Simmons . Embrace the change . [ devices whirring ] [ beeping ] [ elevator bell dings ] [ buttons click ] Skye , you 're up . Skye : Here . Let me get that for you . [ computer beeping ] [ elevator bell dings ] [ helicopter blades whirring ] Mr. Vanchat . We were hoping you could help us find a friend . Impressive . You actually managed to reopen all your stitches . Just hope Vanchat can lead us to Centipede . Well , the Chitauri metal he was selling is an exact match to what Centipede used for their device . We find Centipede , we find Coulson . Don 't ask questions , Agent Kob . Just get me the five-millimeter injector . That 's an order . Yes sir . [ sighs ] Honestly , how many agents do they think they can cram on this plane ? It 's only gonna get more crowded . We 're set to pick up more men when Agent Hand dumps Vanchat off at the fridge . Honestly , I think it 's good they 're here . We need fresh eyes . It 's been 36 hours since Agent Coulson was taken , and none of us have gotten any rest . Oh , joy . Agent Hand is giving another briefing . [ indistinct talking ] Hand : The burnt remains recovered at the site are believed to be those of Agent trainee Michael Peterson . Other physical evidence has proven scarce . Nothing relating to Mr. Po , his Centipede associates , - or their location has been found . - Any progress with Vanchat ? Nothing actionable , Agent Ward , but I have my best interrogator in there right now . Vanchat will talk , and rest assured , when he does , not a single stone will be left unturned until we take down Centipede . - And find Agent Coulson . - And get Coulson back . [ alarm blaring ] We have a security breach . Someone 's hacking the system . [ blaring continues ] Just in time . Can you override this ? What do you think you 're doing ? The money trail 's our key to finding Coulson . I just need to gain access to Vanchat 's financials , and from there , I should be able to trace Centipede 's payments and then hack into their account . You 're the consultant ... the one who shot Agent Sitwell . - Technically , that wasn 't me ... - I want you off this plane immediately . - What ? - Wait . I know I 'm not some badass field agent like May or Ward , but this is what I do . You can 't just kick me off this mission . Listen , I will do whatever you say . All this protocol crap doesn 't matter to me . All that matters to me is Coulson . Well , " all this protocol crap " matters to me . You 're a distraction , and you 're gone . Agent Hand , I know Skye 's methods are unorthodox , but she 's a member of this team . She can help . Agent May , your professional opinion ... Will this girl be of any use to us on this plane ? No . Increase her restriction level . Confiscate her laptop and phone , then have her delivered to debrief . I 'll do it . I 'm her S.O. It 's clear that May has an axe to grind with me , but that was way out of line . No one knows what 's in May 's head except May . Don 't worry . Coulson will make this right when he gets back . I can find him , Ward . I believe you . I 've seen firsthand what you can do , even without S.H.I.E.L.D. resources . - Hang on , hang on . - We have something for you . - You made me a sandwich ? - Yes , it is that . It 's a satellite phone ... damper resistant . You get one shot before your bracelet shuts it down . - So only call in case of emergency . - What do I even need this for ? I 'm gonna be spending the next three days in a S.H.I.E.L.D. broom closet getting debriefed . That 's right . A few agents are coming here to pick you up for debriefing ... in exactly 12 minutes . Good luck . Don 't touch Lola . Mm . - Can you feel that ? - Don 't stop . [ chuckles ] Listen to him . Who ordered this ? [ sighs ] Po : It seems you passed out . Now maybe you 're ready to share what memories you 're seeing . [ breathing heavily ] I saw ... Jordan ... hitting that game-winner over Russell in the ' 98 finals . So clutch . Agent Coulson , we 're gonna turn the machine back on and open your mind . It 's time to stop fighting it . If you don 't , you won 't survive the process . I 'll let you kill me before I give you anything . Seems you have a taste for that , anyway ... murdered Mike Peterson in front of his own son . Mr. Peterson chose that end . We gave him his life and his child unscathed . You 're just upset because that man 's death hit so close to home , seeing a boy lose his father at such a young age . As you did . A defining moment . - The Clairvoyant saw that . - I hate to break it to you , but your telepathic friend is a fraud . Otherwise , he 'd know all these answers , and I wouldn 't be here . It 's true ... this is strange . My friend can see that you died . You went cold . Your heart was torn to pieces . What the Clairvoyant can 't see is what happened after ... how they brought you back from the dead . For some reason , Agent Coulson , you 're different . Now , why is that ? [ breathing heavily ] So we have to do this the hard way . [ indistinct talking ] Skye : Just need an exploit ... some way in . [ computers beeping ] - Man : Oh , what ? - Come on ! Something with wireless , maybe . Hey , Lloyd . You might be my way in . - That 's what I said . Yeah . - One second . Of course , I love truffles , but not on that . What an idiot . No , sweetie , listen to me . It was a private jet . Of course there was wi-fi . He should 've at least texted you back . No , that 's too much ! I know the night-night rounds no longer affect the Centipede soldiers , but all we want to do is disable them , not kill them . - I 'm good with either , frankly . - Fitz , you don 't mean that . Those soldiers are just men who ... Who could smash your skull open with a single punch . But they 're being controlled . Centipede is making them fight against their will . Well , they took Coulson , and I don 't care what we have to do to get him back . We need to bring him home . What 's this guy doing , lulling Vanchat to sleep ? I 'm going in . [ horns honking ] [ GPS beeps ] Damn it ! [ sighs ] Okay , Skye , just need a plan " B. " [ sighs ] [ tires screech ] [ computer beeps ] Woman : Roadside assistance . We see you 've had an accident . Yeah . Can you send somebody to tow me back to my house ? Of course . I 'll dispatch someone right away . Are you okay ? Yeah . I 'm good . [ clattering ] [ groans ] [ panting ] [ door slams ] Agent Hand needs you , says it 's urgent . [ sighs ] Time to talk . The names of all your buyers , alphabetically would help . I 'm not telling you a bloody thing . That 's how you want to play it ? Rochambeau you ? - Rochambeau ! - Scissors ! [ chuckles ] Fitz ! Aah ! I 've got all day . All right ! All right , I 'll talk ! I 'll talk ! [ groans ] The town that the bomb forgot . It was built in the ' 40s for nuclear testing , but when the cold war ended , the town was spared . Not exactly prime real estate . Mm , true . There 's nothing but desert for hundreds of miles . But I really like it . It 's nice here . The children are always playing ... [ groans ] ... yet never make a sound . Shall we get back to it , then ? [ ice-cream cone thuds ] [ choking ] [ dog barking in distance ] So , you sure you don 't want me to take it to the dealer ? - No , thanks . I got a guy . - All right . Thank you . Dollar bills , y 'all . [ gasps ] [ telephone beeps ] [ ringing ] Woman : Lloyd Rathman 's office . This is the L.A.P.D. I need to speak with Mr. Rathman . We 've recovered a stolen vehicle registered in his name . Oh . Was it damaged ? Yes , ma 'am . We have two officers waiting at his home , ready to take a statement . How long do you think it 'll take Mr. Rathman to get there ? You 're in a lot of trouble , Mr. Rathman . Who the hell are you ? Agent Melinda May with S.H.I.E.L.D. Look , clearly there 's been a misunderstanding . I 'm a legitimate businessman . S.H.I.E.L.D. has evidence your company has been siphoning funds into an offshore account for some very bad people . My clients ' business is their business . Well , my business is catching those guys , and if it turns out you 've made a profit from just one of them , S.H.I.E.L.D. is prepared to freeze all of your assets . - I 'm calling my lawyer . - Do that and my offer 's off the table . What offer is that ? Immunity ... you walk ... free and clear . S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn 't touch a single asset . Not even your party boat in Key Largo . And if I say no ? You spend the next five years in the fridge . - The fridge ? - It 's worse than it sounds . [ cellphone beeps ] - All right , what do you want ? - Follow me to your office . We 've got some work to do . [ computer beeps ] Hand : Vanchat 's intel is paying off . We 're pursuing every known buyer of Chitauri metals around the globe . The largest has a warehouse in Sydney . We 're heading there now . This is our chance to take down Centipede . - I want everyone in full tactical . - And what about Agent Coulson ? If we 're lucky , Centipede 's holding him in Sydney . Dismissed . Agent Ward , a moment . First , your friend Skye left the plane and never arrived for her debrief , then Vanchat almost flies out of the interrogation room . - Do we have a problem ? - No , Agent Hand . Your man wasn 't getting answers , so I stepped in . Without my permission . Well , congratulations . Thanks to you and your unique interrogation skills , we now have active strike teams running raids all over the world . - The question is , why ? - Excuse me ? It 's unprecedented , this kind of response for a level 8 operative , the sheer manpower involved . I 've been on the phone all day ... Director Fury , Commander Hill ... everyone wants an update . Frankly , I don 't understand it . No single agent is that important . Coulson is . [ groaning ] Coulson : [ panting ] S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s gonna find me before you break me . S.H.I.E.L.D. ? Well , the Clairvoyant sees an end to all that . [ groaning ] Raina : He doesn 't look so good . Raina , what took you so long ? - I was tending to our other subject . - The persuasion skills I 've spoken to the Clairvoyant so much about would be better served here with me , breaking this man . I would never use force to bend a man to my wishes . He 's being difficult . - He 's being beaten . - Into submission . The Clairvoyant requested it and will tell me to ... [ cellphone vibrates ] See ? Yes ? No . Well , I 've only just begun . My methods are sound . I assure you ... Right here . Yes . The Clairvoyant would like to speak to you . This is Raina . Yes . I agree . Thank you . I 'll put him back on . Yes , I 'm here . [ cellphone buzzing ] [ thud ] [ cellphone closes ] [ sighs ] May : There a problem ? Ward : Victoria Hand . We don 't exactly see eye to eye . I 'm sure she 's utilizing all of S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s resources - to find Coulson . - Not all of them . You know , it wouldn 't hurt to have Skye working an exploit . - Why didn 't you stick up for her ? - Excuse me ? She has proven herself on multiple missions . She 's a part of this team . You let her get tossed . All I did was tell Hand the truth . Skye 's no use to us on this plane . - How can you say that ? - She 's not . [ sighs ] Not with all these agents here over her shoulder , monitoring her every move . - You wanted her off the plane . - Outside the system . That 's how Skye works best . You don 't have to assume the worst of me . Hand : Agent May , change of plans . Sending new coordinates now . We found their helicopter at a laboratory outside the Mojave desert . Copy that . Coordinates received . Hang on to something . [ airplane engine roaring ] You want me to hack into a Swiss bank account ? Just need you to type in your private corporate I.D. to get me in the door . Yeah , well , letting you in that door is a crime . Come to think of it , how do I know you 're not just some criminal ? In my experience , a federal agent shows a badge . You want to see my badge . [ cellphone beeps ] S.H.I.E.L.D. protocol six alpha victor . [ alarm blaring ] There . That 's my badge . Great . Just got my high score in Tiny Wings . S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s been watching you for quite some time , Mr. Rathman . You 're a prime exploit ... the gambling , the divorces , that money pit in the Caymans . You 're even behind on your child-support payments . Ugh , that 's a clerical thing . My ex knows that . - But does David know that ? - David thinks I 'm a cool dad . David thinks you 're a jackass . You got to fix that , Lloyd . Kids need someone they can look up to . Now ... start typing . PD security ! Don 't move ! That 's it . Nice and easy . Keep your hands where I can ... ugh ! On the ground ! [ gun cocks ] Okay , I-I 'm typing , I 'm typing . You S.H.I.E.L.D. guys don 't mess around . [ cellphone beeps ] This is turning into an interesting day , isn 't it ? So , you 're my friend now ? 'Cause I 've seen what you do to your " friends . " - Mr. Po ? - Yeah . He was a murderer incapable of remorse . I was thinking of Mike Peterson , Chan Ho Yin . I gave them what they asked for . Mike wanted to be a hero to his son . Now he is . Did Akela Amador want a bomb in her head ? The people you work for are just as capable of using cruel means to reach a justified end . And who do you work for , Raina ? The Clairvoyant ? Yes . - Who is he ? - I don 't know . Today was the first time I personally made contact . [ inhales deeply ] - My heart 's still racing . - He has you building super soldiers . The Clairvoyant gives us guidance , formulas . - For what ? - The changing world , the world your organization brought upon us . We 're new to the business of what you 've been doing for decades . So now what ? You have soldiers ? You can make them strong , you can control them . In an instant , you can kill them . Yes , but we can 't bring them back to life . You were killed . Now you 're here . We want to know how . Don 't you ? I 'd like to turn the machine on again . It induces theta brain-wave frequencies to help uncover the secrets buried in the subconscious . If you cooperate , you can surf those waves . I 've gone surfing . That is definitely not like surfing . You 've been resisting . Fight the waves and you 'll drown . Your brain will cook . You 'll stop breathing ... again . Then that 's what it 'll be , or I hold out until my team comes to find me . Either way , you will not get classified intel from me . I 'm not interested in those secrets . The Clairvoyant can see within any agency , any government . He knows what the President dreams about at night . I want what you want ... to uncover a different secret ... the secret S.H.I.E.L.D. is keeping from you . Lloyd : All right , we 're logged in , but you do realize you can 't transfer these kinds of funds online . I 'm not looking to transfer funds . I 'm looking for transaction records . Go to your account history . We need to open up a terminal emulator , - see what kind of encryption they 've got . - Okay . If it 's an SSL 256 or an A.E.S. twofish serpent , - we 're in business . - Yeah . - Quantum key , that 's another story . - Right . Lloyd . What is happening here ? Yeah , account history . Where is that ? [ sighs ] Delete that second line . [ keyboard clacking ] Press " return . " Thing is , I have an assistant that does all this for me . - That 's it . - Guard : So , this Vanchat ... is this the guy you 're trying to bust ? No , we already have him in custody . What I wanna know is who 's recently paid Vanchat a lot of money . I backtrack those payments to the buyer 's account and get a record of all the purchases she 's made , maybe use it to track her down . Click there . Hello , Raina . Let 's see what you 've been up to . - Print that . - Great . So are we done here ? One last thing . [ tires screech ] [ engine revs ] And you 're clinging to the one thing you have ... fond memories of your recovery . So , this person you work for told you I died and have gaps in my memory . Ever think your mind reader might just be looking up symptoms online ? I was also told it keeps you up at night , that you crave answers , that you 're troubled by the fact that when you asked for answers , you were denied . - Isn 't that true ? - I trust the system . They keep secrets for a reason . But why would S.H.I.E.L.D. keep details of your death from you ? They 're your family ... Your only family since you 've lost your mother , too . - Now , after all you 've sacrificed ... - Sacrifice is part of the job . - I would give my life ... - You didn 't just give your life , you gave up your chance at a normal one , at love . And she did love you , Agent Coulson . [ voice breaking ] How could you know that ? Do you miss her ? Dinners at the Richmond . Do you miss hearing her play ? You didn 't even have a chance to say goodbye . I-I couldn 't . I-I can 't . She cried for days after S.H.I.E.L.D. told her you died . They shattered her heart with a lie , - and now they 're lying to you . - No . - No , they 're not . - I know you don 't want to believe it , but you can 't tell me nothing makes you doubt , makes you wonder what happened in Tahiti . It 's a magical place ... - I keep saying that . - Don 't you want to know why ? [ breathing heavily ] Turn it ... turn it on . Simmons : The Centipede soldiers each have a port on their delivery device to inject refills of serum . But with this injector cuff , we can use the port to our advantage . By injecting a refined dose of dendrotoxin - to incapacitate the soldier . - How 's it work ? Oh , just simply lock it around the Centipede soldier 's forearm . And night-night , superpowers . Sounds like riding a bull for eight seconds . - Yeah , exactly . It 's that simple . - Yeah . [ cellphone rings ] [ cellphone beeps ] Hello ? - Simmons , it 's me . - Why , hello ... Dr. Nugent . Skye : Is someone there ? God , don 't try to lie . You are the worst at this . Remember our safe word . Manscaping ? Oh , I shouldn 't have said that . Um , I am right as rain . Couldn 't be better , old chap . - You three , out . - Listen up . I may have a lead on where Centipede 's holding Coulson . Skye ? What have you found ? [ indistinct talking ] We 're about to launch a major assault on a Centipede lab , and you want to take your team to the desert based on a hunch from Skye ? It 's not a hunch . Skye followed the money from Vanchat back to Centipede . Turns out they recently purchased a small development less than 100 miles from here . Well , that 's great news for their real-estate portfolio , but we have confirmed activity at the lab . I 'm taking a strike team to investigate . End of story . May : So we split up . You take the strike team and go after Centipede . We 'll investigate Skye 's lead , see if Coulson 's there . You backed my decision to kick Skye off the plane . - Seems like it worked out . - Seems like you played me . Ward : Look , this isn 't personal , but I am taking my team and we 're gonna find Coulson . Send backup if you want . [ car door opens , slams ] What makes you so sure this machine will even work ? It worked on me . One thing before we start ... what is it with the flowers ? Who doesn 't like flowers ? I 'm glad you noticed . Close your eyes and relax . [ computer beeps ] I want you to think back to your first memory after you died . What do you see ? Sandy beach , blue waves ... just as I remember it . Focus on the details . - Can you feel that ? - Don 't stop . [ chuckles ] Dr. Streiten : Listen to him ! Who ordered this ? - W-what ? - Director Fury himself . [ scoffs ] [ humming engine ] [ wind whistling ] Got creepy ? [ rustling ] You shouldn 't be here . There 's nowhere to run ! Agent Coulson , something 's happening , isn 't it ? Listen to him . I need you to look at your surroundings . I can 't take it anymore ... Try and describe what you see . [ panting ] Are you still in Tahiti ? Tell me . It 's dark . There 's nothing . Everything is dark . Coulson 's gotta be here somewhere . We need to split up . - Or run . - I 'll take care of him . Are you sure ? - I got this . - Come on , let 's move ! [ grunting ] Coulson ! [ grunts ] [ panting ] Now , Coulson , where the hell are you ? Surgeon : [ echoing ] He 's drifting . [ normal voice ] He 's drifting . - This is wrong . - Can you feel that ? Don 't . - Listen to him . - Stop . - Who ordered this ? - Director Fury himself . This is wrong ! [ electricity crackling ] Listen to him ! Let me die , please . Please , please . Please , I 'm begging you , let me die . [ voice breaking ] Please . Please let me die . Let me die , please ! Please ! Let me die ! Please ! Let me die ! [ screaming ] [ screaming continues ] Raina : Stop fighting it , Agent Coulson . Stop fighting it . Please let me die . [ door opens ] It 's for his own good . Please , let me die ! Please , let me die ! Please , let me die ! Let me die . Let me die . [ electricity hums ] [ gasps ] Coulson , Coulson . Come back , come back , come back , come back ... [ whimpers ] Come back , come back . [ panting ] Skye . Skye . [ panting ] Skye . [ sniffles ] Nice jacket . [ indistinct talking ] Bet there aren 't any flowered dresses where she 's going . Amen to that , sister . - Dismissed . - Let 's go , madam . Just got off the phone with headquarters . Director Fury was very relieved . I understand you 've been busy . Heard you put some miles on my plane . The manhunt has yielded some impressive results . Centipede operations have been taken down around the globe . Any word on the Clairvoyant ? Nothing yet , but it 's gonna be awfully hard to stay hidden now that the Clairvoyant 's on S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s radar . Good , because Raina knew things about me ... personal things . - I want to know how . - My men and I are taking her straight to headquarters for questioning . - We 'll be in touch . - Agent Hand ? - Thank you ... for everything . - Good to have you back . Honestly , this bus isn 't really my style . I just want to say ... thank you . Now get back to work . I heard what you did for me . I think it 's time ... that we remove this . Disengage bracelet . [ bracelet beeps ] - Are you kidding me ? - Thought you 'd like that . [ chuckles ] Back in that room , did they learn anything ? No . Did you ? I heard what you were saying . It wasn 't real . They were just messing with my head ... but I appreciate your concern . Evening , Doctor . [ seatbelt clicks ] - Agent Coulson . - You weren 't operating on my heart . - I know about Tahiti . - I was afraid this day would come . - Because of what I 'd do ? - Because of what I 've done . After New York , you weren 't dead for 8 seconds or 40 seconds or whatever they put in your file . You were dead for ... days . That 's impossible . It should be , but Director Fury moved heaven and Earth . He had a team of scientists working around the clock using procedures that no good Doctor would ever allow . You were there . Fury brought me in during the seventh operation . We kept you conscious to monitor brain activity , but you were in extreme pain . The neurological damage ... it was catastrophic . - I wanted to die . - And we should have let you . The trauma you 'd endured was ... Ungodly . Why was that machine messing with my brain ? After what you 'd been through ... [ sighs ] we wanted to restore the man you 'd once been , so we gave you a pleasant memory of a beautiful island . We didn 't want you to be that ... thing . [ sighs ] What did I become , Doctor ? Tell me . You 'd lost your will to live . We tried to give it back . [ sighs ] I 'm sorry , Agent Coulson . Truly , I am . If you only knew . [ vehicle door opens , closes ] [ sighs ] " Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " will return in a moment . [ groans ] [ groans ] H-hello ? Anybody there ? Hello ? [ beeping ] No .
