 NARRATOR : Previously on Fringe : WALTER : They weren 't all bad One of them tried to help us . He was called September . EDWIN : Five weeks after the invasion , a man came here . His name was Donald . He was taken away by two invaders . PETER : We have to find him . Donald showed up at our doorstep . He said the invaders were looking for him , but he needed us to watch the boy . He said he was part of an important plan to defeat the invaders . Do you remember meeting me with a man named Donald ? The boy is important . He has to live . I know who Donald is . Donald is September . [ TOOL WHIRRING ] [ VEHICLE APPROACHING ] [ TOOL WHIRRING ] [ FOOTSTEPS ] Walter ? Sorry , I didn 't mean to startle you . What are you doing up ? I could ask you the same thing . You need your rest , son . There 's work to be done . I 'm freeing our next tape . What 's your excuse ? I believe I have an idea about how we can find our friend September . The memory the boy showed me is in my subconscious . So it involves the tank . OLIVIA : Hey , Walter , how are- - ? Walter , why did you remove your trunks ? They were too restrictive . My body needs to be as free and open as my mind so I can find September . Are you feeling sufficiently free and open now ? I am . Let 's get started . OLIVIA : Okay , his vitals are steady . His heart rate 's a little low . I think that 's just the sedative kicking in . Oscillation 's coming through clear . Everything seems to be functioning . PETER : Walter , you 're good to go . [ OVER SPEAKER ] You should be feeling pretty relaxed by now . [ GASPING ] His blood pressure 's rising . - How much ? - It 's 140 over 90 . Now 152 over 100 . It 's still rising . His brain waves are fluctuating . PETER : Walter , your vitals are spiking . Are you okay ? Incredible . I 'm here . Walter , where are you ? An apartment . The same one from the flashes the boy showed me . Take a look around . You recognize anything about the space ? Anything that could help tell where it is ? I 'm with September . And he doesn 't look at all like himself . He has hair . Are there any windows ? Yes . PETER : Go take a look outside . I see water buildings in the distance skyscrapers ... Uh , New York ? Could be . Yes . I see the top of the Empire State Building . The Empire State Building 's in the east side of Manhattan . On my right ... I can 't quite make ... Bridge . I 'm under a bridge . ASTRID : I think it 's the Williamsburg Bridge . Based on the angle of the view Walter described I would say the building is in Brooklyn near the southeast base of where the bridge used to be . If September 's still alive and living in the same place , that 's where we 'd find him . He 's still alive . How do you know ? I 'm optimistic . - You are ? WALTER : Why not ? As to whether September is still living in the same place , we shall see . We must hurry . [ WALTER WHISTLING ] NINA [ ON RECORDING ] : ls everything all right ? What ? A child Observer ? We 've never seen one before . What ? A child Observer ? We 've never seen one before . We have received word . He is ready to see you now . WINDMARK : Continue searching for the fugitives . Alert me to any developments . WALTER : There . It was from over there . [ PETER GRUNTS ] Hey . What 's going on with you ? What do you mean ? I feel good . From where I 'm standing , you don 't seem good . You seem amazing , which is scary . WALTER : I wouldn 't worry about me . How can I not ? You asked me to help you stay grounded . You were so afraid of becoming the man you used to be you asked Nina to remove pieces of your brain . The procedure is no longer necessary . Why ? Walter , why ? What 's changed ? I can 't explain it but when the boy touched me he showed me more than just images . It was freeing , Peter . All at once , I understood that everything I 've ever known or thought I knew as a great man , could fit into a thimble . And that 's not all he gave me . I remember things , things I haven 't experienced . I think from the other timeline before you were erased , before the timeline was reset . I remember when you came to me at St. Claire 's . My first words , " I thought you 'd be fatter . " And I remember the night I was up late , making a peanut butter sandwich you slipped and called me dad . The feeling of joy that gave me . And the terror before you stepped into the machine . I told you I 'd never been good at letting you go , and you said ... " This time you 're gonna have to . " [ WALTER CHUCKLES ] What is this boy ? How could he do this for you ? Enable you to see a life you didn 't live . I 'm not sure , but I feel it . Do you remember the plan ? No . No idea . That doesn 't make any sense . Why give you those memories , but not the plan ? I don 't know . Peter , before I met him I didn 't think it was possible to love you more . But now , knowing what we 've been through and everything we 've had I do . [ WALTER CHUCKLING ] Ah . You never liked public displays of affection . [ SCOFFS ] Or going number two in a public restroom . I remember that too . [ CHUCKLES ] OBSERVER : The commander awaits . Anomaly XB-6783746 has been found . It is being hidden in 2036 . For what purpose ? That is not yet clear . But whoever hid this anomaly did so for a reason . It should not exist . But someone wanted it to exist . Someone ensured its survival because they thought it was important . This is it . This is the window I was looking out in my vision . From the tank . Here it is . [ DOORBELL BUZZES ] [ FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ] [ LOCKS CLICKING ] Walter Bishop . You 're alive . We were trapped in amber . For 21 years , we were frozen in time . I never thought I 'd see you again . And how did you find me ? We 've been relying on the tapes that Walter made in 2015 . Trying to piece things together . We found the radio that you left in the pocket universe and that led us to the boy and he showed me where to find you . The couple that you left him with called him Michael . WALTER : It 's been quite a journey . We 've lost a lot . A lot of good people sacrificed themselves to get us to you . So your turn . What happened to you ? Before the invasion , I was apprehended for my continued interference in the timeline and my interaction with all of you . As punishment , they removed my device . Now I 'm no longer able to move through time or do the things that I was able to do . They experimented on me . They called it biological reversion . Now I am no different from you . Truthfully , it wasn 't much of a punishment . I 've always held this era in the highest regard . And why the name Donald ? You really don 't remember , do you ? The first movie we watched together was Singin ' in the Rain . And I chose the name Donald O 'Connor . WALTER : Yes . It was an excellent movie . I used to sing " Make ' Em Laugh " in the key of A minor . SEPTEMBER : I remember . [ MUSIC BOX PLAYING " GREENSLEEVES " ] [ MUSIC : STOPS ] [ MUSIC BOX CONTINUES PLAYING ] What is he ? He was born hundreds of years from now . Like all of our kind , he was created in a lab using the genetic material of a designated donor . It was a process that began generations earlier with a discovery on February 20th , 2167 by a scientist in Oslo , Norway , who was trying to increase human intelligence . He realized that if he could rewire the portion of the human brain that induces jealousy he could increase cognitive function , sacrificing emotion for intelligence . This discovery was the catalyst of the creation of the beings that you called Observers . His work carried on more and more emotions were seen as roadblocks to higher intelligence . Things like anger , greed , aggression . They were abandoned in the pursuit of intellect . Eventually , humanity became so intelligent and efficient they lost perspective of the value of these emotions . Not only the negative ones , but the positive as well . And soon , empathy , compassion and love became messy distractions . They too were machined out . Without romantic love , they developed new reproductive technologies . I require data on an anomaly . Which progeny is it ? Anomaly XB-6783746 . SEPTEMBER : Early in the boy 's maturation the scientist in charge of reproduction realized that his brain had developed differently from the other offspring . Its maturation was halted . SEPTEMBER : To them , he was an anomaly . A defect . Whose genetic material was used to create this progeny ? [ KEYPAD BEEPING ] SEPTEMBER : I had observed in your time how fathers cared for their sons and protected them . It stirred something in me that I could not ignore . I took the boy away and hid him in the past . Where he would be safe . He 's your son ? His name was September . He was part of the original Twelve Science Team that traveled back in time to observe primitive humanity . He was banished for sympathizing with the fugitives I am tracking . The same fugitives who are in possession of the anomaly . Why would he go to such lengths to protect a genetic defect ? WINDMARK : I do not know . I would like a protocol suspension to travel back to a moment when I can eradicate these resistors . No . We are not prepared to deal with a readjustment of probabilities . They disquiet you . The fugitives are inconsequential . He poses minimal risk . We chose this time in history for a reason . A 99.9999 percent probability that we will succeed . The boy had a 0.0001 percent chance of surviving . Yet he did . Is there something wrong with you ? I am experiencing something that I do not understand . The idea of ending their existence consumes me . They are insignificant . So ... No . PETER : So how does he fit into the plan ? SEPTEMBER : They were right about him . He is an anomaly , but he 's not less than them he 's more . At first , I thought his abilities were just empathic but they developed into something greater . I now know that his intellect functions on a level that neither you nor we are capable of understanding . But what 's more important he has the emotions , the compassion , the empathy- - - A hybrid . SEPTEMBER : Yes . That moment that I told you about , when scientists first decided to sacrifice human emotion to increase intelligence that was the turning point in human evolution . Twentieth of February , 2167 . If we can send the boy into the future , to that moment he can demonstrate to the scientists a different kind of intelligence , an enlightenment that goes beyond knowledge or cognition to something greater . When they see what he is when they study him , they will realize all that he is living proof that they don 't have to sacrifice emotion for intelligence . Then they will never go down that path . And the Observers will never exist . They will never invade . That was the plan we were working on before I ambered us . I always knew the boy was important , but when I realized why and what he was supposed to do my device had been removed . I 'd lost the ability to move through time . So I came to you . That was the plan . We were going to send the boy forward into time . How far have you come with the tapes ? We have the rocks from the mine in Pennsylvania , the magnet the Observer beacons , and some scrolls of physics none of us can decipher . Don 't worry , I can help you with that . These things we 've collected how can they possibly be used to travel through time ? They are part of a device that we must build . WALTER : I have the hologram blueprints . It also requires technology that hasn 't been invented , from my time . How do we get it ? I took them from the future long ago . The tech is hidden . It 's not far from here . You okay ? Peter , we 're gonna get our daughter back . Liv . You heard September , the plan is gonna reset time . Peter , that boy in there , he 's how we 're gonna see Etta again . You don 't believe me ? I want to believe that more than anything . But we 've still got a long way to go . After the invasion , September was detained at a mine in Pennsylvania . He was extracting rocks . The purpose of the rocks was not ascertained . What was the outcome ? He was questioned and released . He was labeled a known offender . Then he has been tagged . Initiate location protocol . Find his address . [ PHONE BEEPING ] Chip number 784651 . Search the apartment . [ PIANO KEYS CLINKING ] [ FOOTSTEPS ] He has most likely removed his chip . That is why we could not track it . It is still warm . He was just here . Have the Loyalists review the footage from the surveillance cameras in the area . I want to know where he went . [ JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING ] PETER : Which one is it ? - You and Olivia stay here with Michael . Donald and I will get the tech . [ PHONE BEEPING ] They 're in my home . You can 't go back there . There is no " back there . " [ JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO ] [ FOOT TAPPING ] [ TIMER BEEPING ] Captain Windmark . A traffic camera on Front Street recorded this . We 're putting the description of the vehicle out to all units . WINDMARK : The child is with them . That was 14 minutes ago . They cannot have gone far . Set up a perimeter . Here they are . Just as I left them . What ? The boy he communicated to me when he touched me . What did he show you ? He gave me an awareness of another timeline and when you saved Peter and I from Reiden Lake . When you pulled us from the lake , you said , " The boy is important . He must live . " You weren 't referring to my son , you were referring to yours . Yes . Did he show you anything else ? Yes . There is one thing I haven 't told the others . He showed me that for the plan to work I would have to sacrifice myself . Is that right ? Yes . Are you frightened ? I would be lying if I said I wasn 't frightened . Do you think that the boy showed me all these other experiences because he wanted me to know that I have loved ? That I have had incredible moments and connections ? Because ... Because it will make it easier for me to come to terms with what I have to do ? Do you think that 's why he did it ? I don 't know . It was your decision to sacrifice yourself for the plan . Do you remember that ? No . You said you had caused so much unintended damage you felt this was your chance to make amends . You would not have it any other way . Do you remember getting a white tulip ? Yes , I do . It was a sign from God . SEPTEMBER : The tulip was important . I took it from the other timeline and kept it . When we devised the plan to stop the invasion you didn 't think we could succeed . You doubted yourself . I knew the tulip would give you strength , as it had before . It was your symbol of hope and absolution . It gave you the courage to push on . At that time , I needed to give you back the hope that we could win . [ PAPER RUSTLING ] I could use that tulip right now . Where is it ? I don 't know what you did with it . Only you would know that . Is that it ? You say that as though we 're not carrying technology that can bend space and time into a mobius strip . I 'm not coming with you . I have a few more things we 'll need before we get started on the plan . Be careful . You too . I will see you again . I promise . OLIVIA : I used to love Brooklyn . PETER : We need another route . We came this way less than 30 minutes ago . The checkpoint wasn 't there . [ CAR HORNS HONKING ] Try the alley . OLIVIA : Astrid , it 's me . Hey . Did you find Donald ? Yeah , but somebody else found us . They 're setting up roadblocks and we need a way out . - Where are you ? - We ' re parked in an alley at Adams and Tillary . Can you use the resistance network , hack into any live camera feeds in the area ? I 'm accessing it now . Okay , I got it . I 'm just pulling up the feeds . You 're right , they 're setting up a perimeter all around you . There 's no way out . We 're surrounded . You think they found Donald ? - Do you think he made it out ? - I don 't know , Walter . - We can 't leave him . - We don 't have a choice . He said he 'd contact us . OLIVIA : Astrid , has anything changed ? They still holding the perimeter ? ASTRID : I think I found a hole , but you have to move quick . The monorail 's your best bet . When you cross York , head south . There 's a stop four blocks down , near Jay Street . - Any activity there ? Thanks . - Nope . Not that I can see . Astrid said we should head toward Jay Street . There 's a monorail station . She said it 's clear . Won 't stay that way for long . Hang here for a sec . They set up another checkpoint further down . We 're blocked . I think we should split up . I 'm gonna take Michael with me . A mother and child shouldn 't draw too much suspicion . You 're gonna stay with me , okay ? PETER : Just keep going , you 're doing great . We 're right behind you . Peter . PETER : Yup , I see him . No , I see him . Just keep moving . Get to the monorail . We 'll be right there . Okay , be careful . We 're good . Let 's go . [ PHONE RINGING ] PETER : Hey . - The train 's leaving in a few minutes . - Where are you ? - Not far . OLIVIA : They 're searching cars . - Don 't worry . We 'll meet you at the train . I see you . We 're in the second car . This way , Walter . Go into the first car , on your right . Now . We 're on board . We 'll make our way to you . OLIVIA : They 're coming to my car . I think they 're gonna search it . MAN [ OVER PA ] : Ladies and gentlemen , please have your papers ready for inspection . OLIVIA : Michael . Michael ? Michael ! - Where 's Michael ? - He 's gone . He walked off the train . What ? Captain . Hello . [ English - US - SDH ]
