 Previously on Intelligence ... Your wife took part in an attack she was sent to prevent ... That doesn 't mean she turned . What would your government do to you if they learned you made a second chip ? Nothing . Because the candidate had to possess an extremely rare genetic mutation . It 's Athens-4U7R . This is Mei Chen . She possesses the gene mutation Athens-4U7R . Amelia . Ibrahim 's planted a bomb in here ! I 'm the bomb . Get away from her . 30 seconds . Cong : Why hasn 't this worked ? Why is she not awake , doctor ? Shen : I warned you . Interesting choice . You have anything for me ? I think I can scare up interest in Venezuela and Russia if you have what you say you have . You 're doubting me now ? I 'm telling you your options are limited . The irony of this act of protest of yours is that the only countries who will take you are the ones who behave far worse than the one you 're leaving . I can go to China . I have powerful friends there . Another example that proves my point . Are you saying that no one else wants what I have ? Of course other countries will want it . They just won 't want the United States to know they have it . Your life 's about to become most fragile . Do you have it with you ? No . Where is it ? It 's safe . And are you ? Safe ? You tell me . They think I 'm on vacation in the Maldives . Speaking of which , it 's not the worst idea . No extradition treaty . What about Morocco ? I 'm not a travel agent . This is very serious business . Do you understand that ? I understand that , Tristan . Yes . What 's the nature of it ? I told you . Yottabytes of intelligence . Gray or black ? Would I be going through all of this for gray intel ? Why are you going through all of this ? How could you ask me that ? They made me a murderer . That is not what I signed up for . I am an analyst , Tristan ! I am not a murderer ! Okay , settle down . If what you have is real , every country on earth will hunt you down for it . Now , did you contact anyone else ? Of course not . Can you prove that it 's valuable and unique ? Can you give me any bit of intelligence that might verify that - - Why all the questions ? I 've taken risks . I 'm entitled to ask questions . Take off your clothes . Excuse me ? Just do it , please . Do it . This is how you treat your friends , is it ? We 've known each other a long time . Stop this ! Your shirt . [ Sighs ] Listen to me ... You 've just killed me , Tristan . We can protect you . I 'm only one officer . There 's only so much I can do , but MI6 has got resources . [ Gasps ] Help me . Help . Help me . [ Both speaking Chinese ] Please . [ Speaks Chinese ] Tristan : Listen to me ... Kate : You 've just killed me , Tristan . We can protect you . On my own , I 'm only - - I 'm only one officer . There 's only so much I can do , but MI6 has got resources . [ Gunshot ] We intercepted this without MI6 's knowledge . The woman works for me at the CIA , and we think the man she 's speaking with is an MI6 officer named Tristan Bissette . Lillian : And what 's her story ? She 's a technology analyst of no particular merit . Sounds like she has some merit now . What is she carrying ? A hard drive . I gathered that . What 's on it ? That 's not relevant . A CIA analyst is off the reservation with a hard drive full of intelligence valuable enough to lure an MI6 officer to a private meet . That officer wires their conversation back to his superiors at S.I.S. , only to be shot and killed by an unknown assailant , but the CIA director doesn 't think it 's relevant ? What 's relevant is finding Kate and the drive before someone else does . [ Sighs ] What is it ? Gabriel is missing . What do you mean , missing ? He just lost his wife . Telling me Gabriel is missing is like telling me an aircraft carrier is missing . Except he 's not an aircraft carrier . He 's a human being , and he 's entitled to mourn . I can put a team together . No , you 're not putting a team together . He 'll be back . How do you know that ? Because I know my agent . A lot of people knew Kate Anderson . And now we 're going to hunt her down and neutralize her . You mean arrest her . I mean keep her from exposing sensitive secrets to our enemies . Lillian , get Gabriel back here . I don 't care how you do it . Just do it in the next 24 hours . ? [ sirens wailing in distance ] [ Glass shatters ] How could you leave me like this ? With so many questions . [ In distance ] Gabriel ... Gabriel ... Anybody there ? I 'm going crazy . Look , you don 't want to do this . You go now , gringo . [ Coughing ] Just breathe . Breathe . [ Speaking Spanish ] ? Gabriel : How 'd you find me ? Your honeymoon photos . You broke into my apartment ? I have a key , remember ? This place is famous for its homemade tequila . Have some . Clarendon Penitentiary is famous for its death chamber . Doesn 't make me want to try it . Uno más . I need you to forgive me for Amelia , Gabriel . You came all the way down here for that ? I came all the way down here to stop the Mexican federales from surrounding this bar on the request of the U.S. government . A lot of people are looking for you . Are you gonna say anything ? Something 's wrong with my chip . Lillian : One of our nation 's most decorated soldiers . He 's a hero , and now our country 's most secret weapon . Gabriel possesses a rare genetic mutation that allowed us to implant a microchip in his brain . We connected his mind directly to the information grid . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . It 's like a virtual evidence wall . At U.S. Cyber command , we created a highly specialized unit around him ... Amos : Satellite in five . ... and assigned an agent to protect him . Run ! He 's the first of his kind - - the next evolution of intelligence . Lillian : Have you found her yet ? I 've been scanning London police chatter , flight manifests , border cameras - - no sign of Kate Anderson . I tried tapping the MI6 mainframe , but that 's like trying to solve the Karpinsky paradox . That 's funny . Okay , trust me . With the right audience , that is comedy gold . She 's CIA . Check every foreign officer , operative , and staffer she 's ever done business with . We have to assume whatever is on that drive is important . We need to find her before anyone else does . [ Beeping ] Lillian , that 's Riley . She found Gabriel . Riley : So , you think someone 's inside your cyber-render with you ? But you haven 't actually seen anyone . I just feel it , like someone 's there watching me . And you have no idea who this watcher is ? [ Sighs ] You 're gonna think I 'm crazy . No , I won 't . I think it 's Amelia . I take that back . That is crazy . I 'm kidding ... ish . Look , you 're not ... crazy . It 's perfectly normal . You miss her . It 's called grieving , Gabriel . And you feel alone , but you 're not alone . Look at me . I mean it . You 're not alone . Come home , Gabriel . Come home to the people who care about you . Gabriel : I had you pretty worried , huh ? Cassidy : " Had " me pretty worried ? Young man , you have me very worried . You find anything ? No . And that 's what concerns me . I hate to admit it , but maybe Riley 's right . Right ? Right about what ? You 've both told me to look at cyber-renders like a dream - - part fact , part imagination . Gabriel can 't stop thinking about the night Amelia died . It affects his dreams . Therefore , it stands to reason it would affect his cyber-render . Well , it 's hard to argue with that logic . I know it 's crazy , but is it at all possible that I 'm actually ... communicating with her somehow ? Well , while I would never presume to convince a man in mourning that there is no heaven , this chip does not access other planes of existence . Maybe it 's not me accessing her . Maybe she 's accessing me . These renders feel different . I can 't explain it . They just seem more real . How is he ? I 'm fine , thank you . I was asking your doctor . He thinks someone is in his render . Is that possible ? No . No , because the render doesn 't actually exist . It 's not real . It 's virtual - - a facsimile of an event , made up of many different parts , all of which are up here , nowhere else . Is he functional ? We need him . Well , there is a signpost here . We can 't simply ignore it . What do you need , Lillian ? I need you back to work . [ Laughing ] Back to work ? Lillian , we need to discuss that . I need you to cyber-render a crime scene . What ? ! No ! Absolutely not ! I would like , on the record , to say that I think this is a terrible idea . Were you not on record the other 10 times ? Nelson : We wired him up , dad . We 're taking every precaution . Where was the last place Kate Anderson was seen ? At her home near Hyde Park . The London police have crime-scene photographs , as well as detailed video of where the MI6 agent was murdered . I 'm also aggregating traffic cameras to try and fill in the missing pieces . If you sense any kind of anomaly , you need to shut the render down . [ Sighs ] You ready ? Let 's do this . [ Keyboard clacking ] Police think the shooter was across the street on the second story . Not enough data to fill him in yet . Tristan : Interesting choice . Kate : You have anything for me ? I think I can scare up interest in Venezuela and Russia ... I 'm accessing the MI5 audio . ... If you have what you say you have . You 're doubting me now ? This Kate was a clever girl . She got out . The countries that will take you are the ones who behave far worse than the one you 're leaving . I can go to China . I have powerful friends there . Wait a minute . China . What about China ? Kate mentioned China . This house is two blocks away from the Chinese embassy . Are you saying that no one else wants what I have ? Hang on . Of course other countries will want it . Accessing embassy security cameras from that night . Got her . Kate went to the Chinese embassy . [ In distance ] Gabriel ... Who 's there ? Is that you ? Are you here ? Yeah , we 're right here , Gabriel . I can hear you ! Yeah , we hear you , too , Gabriel . Guys , I don 't think he 's talking to us . Dad ? I 'm right here ! Say something ! His vitals are spiking ! All right , we need you to come back right now . Wait ! Wait ! Olanzapine ! I need olanzapine ! Riley : What is happening ? ! I believe he 's hallucinating . If I can open a serotonin pathway - - come on . Can you just take him offline ? I wish . Stop ! You 're Mei Chen . You 're the one with the chip . Riley : Gabriel . Did he just say " Mei Chen " ? Gabriel . Nelson : You okay ? Gabriel , what did you see in there ? Apparently , I 'm not alone after all . Lillian : This is the last-known image we have of Mei Chen before she vanished , before the chip . Now that she 's resurfaced , I assume that Mei Chen killed the MI6 agent . She 's after what we 're after . Let me make sure I understand this . Dr. Cassidy illegally created another chip , even more powerful than the original , and installed it into the brain of a foreign agent ? While under duress . Which makes it even more incredible that she survived the surgery at all , let alone with an apparently fully functional chip . That 's quite a victory , I must say . Doctor . Right . Sorry , sorry . We had no reason to believe that Mei Chen survived the surgery . This technician who helped her , Amos Pembroke . What happened to him ? The terrorists who recruited her are ruthless . Most likely , they terminated him . Doctor , how did Mei Chen invade Gabriel 's cyber-render ? I don 't know yet . It could be something wildly sophisticated or it could be that she created a simple Mutex violation . Two users accessing information simultaneously , two chips passing in the night . So whatever Gabriel knows , she knows ? And she was in his cyber-render when he learned Kate is in the Chinese embassy , so we have to assume Mei Chen knows it now , too . She 's Chinese . She 'd know that anyway . She 's not working for the Chinese government . Well , how do we know that ? Because Mei Chen didn 't bring her there . Kate ran there - - barefoot , no less . Why can 't Gabriel hack Mei Chen , get inside her chip , and erase it ? Because , unfortunately , I fitted her second-gen chip with more robust security . We need to consider taking Gabriel off-line . Can you turn the chip off ? Can I make you blind ? Excuse me ? What Dr. Cassidy is saying is that chip is so ingrained in Gabriel that it functions as a sixth sense . We can turn it off , so to speak , but it would be as complicated and dangerous as shutting down any other sense . The only way to protect him is to put Gabriel in a Faraday cage for the rest of his life . Are you sure that 'll work ? [ Chuckles ] No , that example is a reductio ad absurdum . It 's not an actual suggestion . Let 's stay on problem . What kind of danger are we talking about here ? Gabriel 's renders are akin to a type of lucid dreaming , constructed by the chip and his own mind . Now , if Mei Chen controls these dreams , then by definition they are not , in fact , lucid . What are they , then ? Well , in colloquial terms , a form of hypnosis . She controls the render . She controls Gabriel . Yeah , that 's right . It 's a risk we have to take . What ? He 's still the best chance we have at locating Kate Anderson and the drive . Do what you can to protect him , but I want Gabriel in London by morning . Gabriel : It doesn 't make sense . What doesn 't ? Mei Chen . What 's she doing in my head ? She 's after the same thing we are - - the stolen hard drive . She figured out a way to hack your chip to find Kate 's location . She 's using you . She didn 't need me for that . She could have tracked Kate on her own . And it doesn 't explain why she was in my other renders . In Mexico , she was there , Riley ... inside my head , every time . But she didn 't do anything . She never interfered . All she did was ... Watch . Yes . Now , there was nothing of value in those renders of Amelia . Nothing of value to anyone but me . I don 't know . It 's strange . Unless ... What ? Maybe it didn 't interest her . Maybe she wasn 't there for anything else ... but you . [ Sighs ] The embassy has 342 employees . 123 are women . All those Chinese women , there 's got to be at least one you could pass for . Totally not being racist . It 's just ... statistics . You found one ? Hello , love . I 'm getting changed right now . Man : You 're running late , darling . Yeah , I know . Uh , I 'll be there in , uh , let 's say ... 20 minutes . Right . See you soon . Okay . [ Gasps ] Oh , my God ! Who the hell are you ? Okay , please . I don 't have any money . [ Body thuds ] Jameson : For eight years , Kate Anderson worked as a midlevel technician for the CIA , receiving above-average performance reviews . Then she got a promotion , and her reviews dropped off precipitously . What happened ? She was read in on a classified rendition program - - arrest and detain five members of a Basque sleeper cell in Madrid . The operation went bad . All right , so you said that five were involved , but the article says that six were killed . Teenage boy in the next apartment - - killed when a bullet penetrated the wall . My God . So , she went through all the mandatory counseling , though she claims she didn 't need it , and then four weeks later , she was reassigned to a top-secret project called Jana . Ever heard of it ? Jana ? No . Me neither . So I started doing some digging . You 're not gonna believe this . Nobody could tell me anything about it . I mean , the project essentially does not exist . The most I could find was the mission statement listed on the internal server . " Project Jana was initiated to provide reliable and responsible CIA oversight " . Aggressively vague , right ? Oversight of what ? Your guess is as good as mine . You 're never gonna guess who personally signed Kate Anderson 's transfer - - Jeffrey Tetazoo , director of the CIA . Nelson : So , the good thing about London is , they have surveillance cameras on every corner . Now , we 've been searching everywhere for Mei Chen , but it would be faster if Gabriel did it . [ Whispering ] What 's up with our asset ? He 's pacing . It 's driving me crazy . Gabriel , bro , you 're still about an hour out . You should really try to get some rest . Talk to you later . He 's right , Gabriel . You should try to rest . Well - - You 're spying on us , Jeff . I 'll have to call you back . I know about Project Jana . What are you talking about ? After our mission in Syria , you were read in on Clockwork . One day later , you initiated Project Jana with the sole purpose of monitoring U.S. Cyber command . And where are you getting that ? An e-mail you sent to Kate Anderson . You want better encryption at Langley , hire our people to design it . We 're the best . I did what I was asked to do - - nothing more . What did Kate Anderson have access to ? What is on that drive ? I have a right to know . You 're as smart as they come , Lillian . You already know . It 's Gabriel . The secrets of the chip are on that drive , aren 't they ? Amelia ? Hello , Gabriel . Get out . Why would you want me to leave ? What are you gonna do , Gabriel ? We 're in your imagination . Are you gonna shoot me with your imaginary gun and its imaginary bullets ? How are you doing this ? How am I doing what , Gabriel ? Why are you watching me ? Gabriel , put the gun down . I want to teach you . I don 't want anything from you . " It is not good for the man to be alone . " Isn 't that what your Christian Bible says ? Gabriel , you 're cyber-rendering . You need to hear me . You need me . You can feel it . I know you can . Hey , guys , listen , there was , uh , one thing . Whoa , what the hell ? ! Uh , listen , okay , look , he 's being hacked right now . You have to shut him down . How ? Okay , listen , is there a defibrillator on board , okay ? A surge of electricity might shock him out of his state . Or you can do that . What happened ? You freaked out ! That 's what happened . Did you just punch me ? [ Sighs ] Nope . Guard : [ Speaks Chinese ] [ Speaks Chinese ] [ Beeps rapidly ] [ Speaks Chinese ] [ Beeps ] [ Speaks Chinese ] Clockwork is on the drive ? I 'm afraid so . How 'd they get it ? Nelson found their parasite in our system . It 's a type of worm that slowly searches out and swallows data banks , sending it all back to Langley . Yeah , and the analyst that spearheaded the program - - one Kate Anderson . What exactly does she have ? Everything . Chip specs , Athens-4U7R - - all of it . [ Chuckles ] The instructions for my chip are out in the world , on a hard drive ? Lillian : Whoever has it could potentially create a legion of Mei Chens . It may not be a drive , per se . What do you mean ? Kate Anderson wasn 't just any CIA analyst . She worked RD . And one of the projects was liquid data . Liquid ? Not literally . The project was to find ways to store yottabytes of data onto microfiles . Now , if they succeeded , guys , we could have a very hard time locating the device . She has it on her . A piece of jewelry , a heel of a shoe - - she 's definitely carrying it . Kate : I gave you verifiable black intel . I told you I would turn over the rest of it once you provided me with safe haven and the money you promised . It takes some time to verify . You must be patient . Look , I could have taken this anywhere . I brought it here . We will have a decision soon . [ Knock on door ] [ Door closes ] [ Man groans , body thuds ] [ Grunting ] [ Groaning ] Don 't make a sound , or I will kill you . We 're here . What do you see ? I 've got her . Ambassador 's office . Lillian 's contact will get us inside . Once we 're in , we need to go - - Wait . Something 's wrong . The time 's not right . This isn 't live . The tape 's on a loop . Mei Chen is here . How do you know it 's her ? Because that 's what I would do . Nelson : Guys , we have a problem . NSA picked up a Chinese embassy cable to Beijing . The ambassador was found dead , and Kate is missing . As you 'd expect , they think she killed him . Mei Chen 's got Kate , and she 's on the move . Gabriel , Cassidy is suggesting a Faraday cage , at least until we 're on the other side of this . What ? You want to lock me up ? We want to protect you . You want to protect Clockwork , you mean . Is there a difference ? I mean , what choice do I have , Gabriel ? Now that Mei Chen has Kate and the hard drive , we need you fully protected . You can 't bring me home , not now . Have you forgotten she has taken over your mind ? You almost killed Riley . I 'm not asking for permission . Nobody understands what I 've gone through to live with this chip , and nobody has the right to take me off-line . The chip isn 't Clockwork anymore . It 's me . I 'm the chip . I 'm gonna hunt her down , get these files , and end this . [ Click ] [ Sighs ] You with me ? [ Sighs ] [ Engine turns over ] Wow , there 's barely anything on Mei Chen in the system . Jameson : It would make sense if she wiped it . That 's what we did with Gabriel . Let 's go over what we do know . We know that a Chinese national , Jin Cong , found Mei Chen . Right . He needed someone with the same genetic mutation that Gabriel has . And a high I.Q. It 's like the first astronauts . We couldn 't just throw any top gun into space , right ? They had to have a lot of intensive training . She would also need someone who knows the chip . - Yes . - Someone who could maintain that level of tech . Amos ! Amos ! She must have kept him around . Dracula needs a Renfield . And if he 's her tech , I bet that sloppy bastard left a trail we could follow . She give you the drive yet ? I told you , I-I don 't have it on me . You won 't find anything . Shh . She 's chipping you . I 'm picking something up . You people are insane . Shh . Remove the drive , please . What drive ? Remove it now ... unless you want me to take the whole eye . How could you possibly know that ? Do it . I don 't know if it 'll read this . It 's just a standard microchip reader . Oh , wait . There it is . Whoa , that 's a lot of data on that little thing . You can start transferring anytime . I have it . Now all this is in my head . We don 't need her anymore . Don 't look at me . I don 't do that . Look , now that you have what you want , you can let me go . Now that I have what I want , I can just kill you . Please , I - - Hello , Gabriel . How did you find me ? Your fat friend over there . Who else orders four buckets of fried chicken in two days ? I eat when I 'm nervous ! Sit down , Amos ! What good is your chip if they keep you from using it ? What good is your chip if it couldn 't stop her from killing your own wife ? She didn 't kill her . You 're exhausting . [ Grunts ] Put your guns down . Not gonna happen . You forget how well I know you . You won 't let me kill her . Try me . Drop the knife , or I 'll shoot you . You okay ? Where 's the drive ? ! It 's toast . Mei Chen has the data with her . Correction , in her . She copied it . I 'm so happy to see you guys . You got to get me out of here . Shut up . Gabriel : Mei Chen forced a power surge . She took the data before she disappeared . Lillian : There 's more storage in that device than you have on your chip . She would only have had to take the most relevant part . There 's no way she left this place without Clockwork . Well , we have to get her back . You don 't want to ground me anymore ? We 'll deal with that later . Right now , we need to stop Mei Chen from uploading that intelligence to her client , whomever that is . I can 't believe it . You 're Clockwork . Lillian , I have to go . I didn 't know if you really existed or not . Why 'd you do it ? You know how special I felt the day I found out I got into the agency ? [ Sighs ] I wanted to protect my country , 9 / 11 and all that . But we went too far . We all went too far . It 's like we 're living in some sort of mkultra acid trip or something . I mean , the things that we are doing are violating the very freedom we 're protecting . So , you think putting your country at risk is the answer ? By all accounts , you were one of the good guys . You 're gonna tell me I could have done more good on the inside than the outside ? No . I said you were one of the good guys . So , what now ? You gonna make me disappear ? [ Sighs ] Remember , I know all too well what happens to people like me . We 're not gonna hurt you . The Tin Man has a heart . Riley : Where is Mei Chen going ? I got no idea . I promise you . She doesn 't tell me anything . Who do you two work for ? I don 't know . But she has a lot of money , so they 're paying her well . How does she communicate with them ? I don 't know if you spend a lot of time with Mei Chen , but she 's not exactly chatty . I maintain her chip . In exchange , she doesn 't kill me . I 'm the victim in all this ! You 're a victim ? She 's really mean , man ! It 's the worst mistake I ever made ! I 've got it . I know where to find her . Where ? In my head . Gabriel 's idea is solid . If he can lure Mei Chen into his render , then we can launch what 's known as a " zero-day attack . " A hack that will let us take advantage of a previously unknown vulnerability in her chip 's software . Now , we only get one chance at this . Yes , but if we 're right , we can get a foothold inside her system and remotely wipe all the stolen CIA information and get out again before she even notices . And if we 're wrong ? There is a very realistic chance that we 'll leave Gabriel completely vulnerable . She 'll be able to use what we 've done to stay in his head . We may never be able to get her out again . What are our other options ? Pretty much ... none . I 'm inside . Nelson : What do you see ? It 's empty , except for the broken window . His system 's wide open . All right . Get ready . I know you 're here . Where are you ? Curious about me , Gabriel ? She took the bait ! This is fascinating . I wish I could see her . All right . Launching the decoy vector . Curious ? No . You 're not being truthful . You 're as curious about me as I am about you . How could you not be ? The room where you last saw your wife ... Such an abrupt goodbye . Your renders are so ... sad . There are so many more things you can do , Gabriel . More enjoyable things . The chip has given me quite an education . Human sexuality is such a mystery . I never realized I was such a ... deviant . What do you want ? My enjoyment is the only thing that reminds me I 'm not a machine . They never told us what the chip would do to our souls . Privilege elevation is a go . Accessing the protection rings . No , no , no ! We 're not at the kernel yet . All right , steady , steady . I 'm in ! Booyah ! I am inside her system ! Now , quickly , let 's locate the CIA files . I 'm doing it , dad . Just stop talking . You 're freaking me out . You 're the only one who understands . You think we 're alike because we both have a chip in our brains ? We 're not alike , Gabriel . What we are is alone . Alone together . [ Sighs ] You 're insane . Insane ? I was ready to sell all this intel to my client until I saw us in it . I can 't just hand it to some mindless thug . So , what , you 're ... protecting us ? Yes . By making more of us . That 's right . We are the beginning of a new species . You are Adam ... and I am Eve . We were quite literally made for each other . Launching the remote ... wipe ... now . It 's working . Gabriel , get out now . Gabriel ? Gabriel ? ! You 're not Eve , sweetheart . You 're the serpent . What did you just do ? Get out of my head , you crazy bitch ! Riley ? Riley , is he okay ? Talk to us . He 's fine . He 's fine . He made it . Guh ! Oh , God ! [ Laughs ] I think it worked . [ Sighs ] Welcome back . [ Sighs ] Are you okay ? Yeah . I better get a lollipop after this . All this for a little microchip ? You have nothing to worry about . It 's a minor procedure . Doesn 't seem minor . I 'll modify , then reboot the chip . You 'll be back on your feet in a few hours . Okay ? Now , come on . Lean back . I need a baseline . You are gonna turn it back on , aren 't you ? How could I not ? It 's your chip now . My team has scrubbed all the stolen data . It 's been erased . You can rest easy . I 'm not sure we 're there yet . I understand your security was breached . How serious was it ? I can assure you Clockwork is safe . Are you convincing me or yourself ? Did you know the CIA was spying on us ? I will handle the CIA director and ensure that it won 't happen again . And what 's going to happen to Kate Anderson ? A grand jury will decide . And we will be putting Amos Pembroke behind bars for a very long time . [ Doorbell rings ] I hear you 're all fixed up ? Can 't even see it . Did it hurt ? Not really . Want a beer ? Sure . And your chip - - it 's secure ? I guess . I 've been thinking about what Mei Chen said . It doesn 't matter what she said . I was wrong to ask you to forgive me , Gabriel . You have every right to blame me . Can I ask you something ? If you had to do it over again , would you do the same thing ? Would you push me through that window ? [ Sighs ] Yes . Good .
