 Unexplained sightings at 10,000 feet ... This was a very odd thing that was captured . I mean , off-the-charts dramatic . strange creatures on remote cliffs ... They are somewhere between a bird and a person , but in a very frightening form . and ancient warfare waged above the clouds . I 'm talking about a functioning military outpost in the mountains for an all-out war between extraterrestrials . Are mysterious stories surrounding our highest peaks simply tall tales ? Or is it possible that Earth 's greatest mountains have been secretly inhabited by alien civilizations ? They are the closest points to the sky and the world that exists up there . Which makes them the perfect place of communication between this world and the next . Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings . What if it were true ? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history ? And if so , might the ultimate proof be hidden on the Earth 's most mysterious mountains ? subtitrarea nelu osanu Nepal , 2007 . Here , in a remote area of the Himalayan mountain range , researchers scale a cliff crumbling from erosion in order to explore one of the world 's greatest archaeological mysteries : the sky caves of the ancient kingdom of Mustang . There are over 10,000 of these man-made caves tunneled all around the Mustang region . Many have yet to be explored . Entry is not only dangerous , but nearly impossible , even with ROBERT SCHOCH : The caves of Mustang are absolutely amazing because they 're in a very fragile , friable rock . That is , it breaks off very easily , it 's very hard to scale , to try to get up to them . These caves appear to be human ... carved ; to be cut out by humans . No one really knows who carved these caves initially because they seem to go back to such a very , very early period . Hidden inside , researchers find art , artifacts , and religious texts , dating back to at least the 1400s ... and some much , much older . Among the most stunning of the discoveries is a mural composed of 55 panels depicting scenes from the life of the spiritual DEEPAK SHIMKHADA : They have images of Buddha 's ... various life scenes of the Buddha . So , perhaps it was used for a ritual purpose , perhaps used as a meditation purpose . We do not know why particularly Buddhist deities have been painted , uh , in some of these , uh , caves . NARRATOR : But how and why did this unknown ancient civilization scale nearly 155 feet of sheer vertical rock wall to create these caverns in the mountainside ? And why are the caves covered with images of the life of Buddha ? Mankind has been drawn to mountains for centuries . Across ancient civilizations , the world 's highest peaks were often viewed as sacred ... and home to all-powerful gods . But why do so many different cultures throughout history share this belief that mountains have a divine connection ? SABINA MAGLIOCCO : Mountains have fascinated people all over the world for thousands and thousands of years . They seem to be a way to ascend to the heavens or to get as close to the heavens as we can here on this planet . In many mythologies , they were imagined as the dwelling place of the gods . JONATHAN YOUNG : The idea that the mountains would be the homes of the gods shows up in Norse tradition , in India , in Japan , all over . The ruler , the god , the great power , would want to have the view from above . This is transcendence , this is getting the big picture . So we imagine that there is a kind of control tower or control center up in the mountains that helps the gods rule wisely from above . COLLINS : They are the closest points to the sky and the world that exists up there , which makes them the perfect place of communication between this world and the next . The gods are said to use them when they come down . They are places of otherworldly activity . NARRATOR : Were mountains around the world really home to divine or perhaps extraterrestrial beings ? Beings who used these extreme elevations to observe and communicate with mankind ? Many ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and as evidence they point to the mountain that is most famously associated with powerful gods of the ancient world . Mt . Olympus , Greece . Rising over 9,500 feet , this sacred mountain is the second ... tallest in the Balkan peninsula . According to ancient myth , it was also the chosen home of immortal deities known as the Olympians . RIC RADER : Mt . Olympus hides a particularly mysterious abode where the gods live in perfect , immortal repose for all of their existence . Even nowadays , clouds gather around the top of it . That 's where it is assumed that the abode of the gods was , up in the clouds that you aren 't able to see . NARRATOR : Mt . Olympus was viewed as sacred by the ancient Greeks , and the city of Dion , located at the foot of the mountain , became a major center of pilgrimage and religious worship in the 5th century B.C. DAVID WILCOCK : Dion was at the base of Mt . Olympus and it was believed to be a power spot . In 4th century B.C. , Alexander the Great came to Dion before launching off on his vast conquest of Asia . There is something about this place , something very important related to the mountain . The Greeks were fascinated by Mt . Olympus , and they believed that real people , real gods were living up there . When they saw lighting flashes , storm clouds , and when there were natural disasters , they believed the gods were angry . WILLIAM HENRY : The Olympians were huge sky beings who descended on Earth and had a headquarters at Mt . Olympus . They interacted with humans . And the ancients believed that they were real beings . DAVID CHILDRESS : For many years , historians believed the Greek stories were complete myth . But then in 1870 , the German archaeologist Heinrich Schleimann discovered Troy . Similarly , we have the story of the Oracle at Delphi and the god Apollo speaking through the Oracle . Archaeologists have now found the exact spot where the Oracle at Delphi sat . So now we know that some of the Greek stories are genuine . So was it possible that the stories of the Olympians are also true ? HENRY : It 's possible that they were actually extraterrestrial beings who came here to influence humankind .. Could the myths of Ancient Greece be true ? Was Mount Olympus home to gods living here on planet Earth ? And if so , might those powerful deities have been extraterrestrials , as some ancient astronaut theorists believe ? According to the accounts of the Greek poet Hesiod from the eighth century BC , the Olympians were the children of the Titans , another generation of gods thought to occupy nearby Mount Othrys . Fed up with the oppressive rule of the Titans , the Olympians waged a brutal rebellion against them , using Mount Olympus as their base . ( horses neighing ) ( people screaming ) YOUNG : The command was done from the mountains and the battle took place in the plains between the mountains . And the battle went on and on . The Olympians prevailed finally capturing the Titans . GIORGIO TSOUKALOS : Whenever we have references to Mount Olympus , it is described to be this magnificent palace , and the temple walls were always gleaming of gold , or gleaming with silver , and a lot of little lights that they described as jewels , some blinking lights and all those things . Well , if you look at that from a modern perspective , what if Mount Olympus and Mount Othrys were basically the command posts where the Olympian and the Titans drew up their battle plans . And when I say command posts I 'm talking about a functioning military outpost in the mountains for an all-out war between extraterrestrials . NARRATOR : Could the stories of the war between the Olympians and the Titans actually be describing a battle between extraterrestrial forces ? And did Mount Olympus and Mount Othrys serve as their tactical military bases ? And if so , might there be other strategic reasons why extraterrestrials may have chosen mountains as their point of contact with Earth ? Ancient astronaut theorists say the evidence can be found in a mysterious mountain dwelling where a prince ascended to the stars . NARRATOR : Hubei Province , Central China . Covering an area of over 100 square miles , Wudang Mountain has long served as the sacred center of China 's oldest surviving religion ... Taoism . This ancient religion emphasizes living in harmony with the Tao , the energy that is the driving force behind everything that exists in the universe . Located high in the mist-covered peaks and cliffs of Wudang Mountain is a remarkable Taoist complex of temples and palaces . Some dating back to the seventh century A.D. This is where Taoism began . And this mountain is still revered today . Very sacred mountain . Many pilgrims go there to experience some of these temples . Some that are devoted to Taoist philosophy , others to martial arts . The most famous temple of all is called the Nanyan Temple . All the features in this temple are built right into the side of a mountain . And it 's considered one of the most important temples in all of China . NARRATOR : According to accounts from the Song Dynasty , it was here that the Taoist hero Zhenwu abandoned his role as a prince to seek spiritual enlightenment in the Wudang Mountains in the 27th Century BC . The stories of Zhenwu describe him as possessing many magical abilities , including the power to summon thunder and lightning . Zhenwu translates as , uh , " the perfected warrior . " And he was particularly solicited for his exorcistic healing powers and also for protecting the nation . He was a very , powerful protective deity . Perhaps the most famous account of Zhenwu 's incredible abilities is believed to have taken place on the very location of the Nanyan Temple itself . The Nanyan Temple has a very peculiar site . It 's marked by a 2.9-meter horizontal pillar or beam that extends over a very deep ravine right below it . And at the end of this pillar or beam , you have an incense burner that has been placed where the heads of two dragons meet . It 's believed that this pillar marks the spot where Zhenwu first fathomed the cosmic truths of Taoism . And upon fathoming these truths , he straddled two dragons , and ascended up to the skies . Zhenwu flew upward . He flew onto his reward , to transcendence itself , and became one with heaven . And this gives a sense of the connection between the divine and the mountains . So it is considered a central shrine in the Taoist tradition , a place of great holiness . It is also spectacularly beautiful . I find the story of Zhenwu interesting because we have another example of somebody having disappeared into the sky when he left . He took off back into the sky to to return to the stars . Now what does that mean , riding on a dragon ? Because dragons as we think of them today never existed . They were misunderstood technology , misunderstood machines . So you have to wonder if this dragon that they were describing isn 't really some kind of spaceship ? If Zhenwu was using the Wudang Mountain and the cliff face that was so inaccessible as his launching pad to make his journeys , the people down below would look up and they would see this fiery dragon and lights in the sky and a roar of flame and thunder and to them it was a dragon . People were so blown away by this that it not only becomes legend , it becomes religion , and it becomes the center piece of faith . When we see the Nanyan Temple , we 're seeing some sort of physical artifact left behind to support the notion that Zhenwu was able to reach the top of this mountain and then head directly into the heavens . A very real report of extraterrestrial and human interaction which was then documented with the construction of this temple . Was Zhenwu an extraterrestrial ? Did he use the Wudang Mountain as a launching site for his return to the stars ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and believe it was not the only mountain to be visited by otherworldly beings . Taticev Kamen , Macedonia , 2001 . Archaeologists investigating this volcanic peak 3,300 feet above sea level discover what they believe to be the remains of a nearly 4,000 year-old observatory . COLLINS : The Kokino , um , Observatory in Macedonia has been recognized by NASA as one of the most impressive observatories of its kind in the world . The others being the Cambodian temples and Stonehenge itself . It 's composed of four thrones that were carved out of stone that face east , the direction of the rising sun . NARRATOR : In addition to the four thrones are manmade markers carved into the eastern rock wall that track celestial movements with remarkable precision . This location also tracks the movement of the sun , tracking the solstices , and the equinoxes . : And in fact , they 've discovered that the Kokino Observatory is a kind of lunar calendar that shows the phases of the moon and the 19-year eclipse cycle , which is something that Stonehenge does , as well . So what we 're looking at here is something that is very advanced knowledge , and we don 't know where they got this from . It tracks the movement of the moon , and also the movement and location of the Pleiades . In many ancient cultures throughout the world ... including the Egyptians , Greeks , Mayans , Celts , and numerous Native American tribes ... the Pleiades Star Cluster is associated with the gods , and in some cases , even the origins of the human race . The earliest known depiction of this star cluster is an artifact known as the Nebra Sky Disk , which dates back to approximately the 17th century BC ... the same time period most archaeologists believe the Kokino Observatory was built . But , according to Ancient Astronaut theorists , a connection to the Pleiades is not the only aspect of Kokino that is curiously similar to other ancient cultures . What I find fascinating about Kokino is that these stone thrones aren 't exclusive to Kokino . But those stone thrones can be found all around the world . In fact , we find the exact same structures at Sacsayhuaman in Peru , in Greece , in Italy . HENRY : When you put all this together , it makes one wonder if in fact this was a site that was visited long ago by star beings or extraterrestrials . And that they who created this observatory were perhaps commemorating something that they experienced as a result of an encounter with these beings . Is the Kokino Observatory evidence of an otherworldly presence in the mountains of Macedonia ? Did extraterrestrials use locations like these to share scientific knowledge with early humans ? Ancient Astronaut theorists say yes , and as further proof , they point to numerous cultures that believe otherworldly beings visit the mountains even to this day . The Peruvian Andes . 2009 . Tens of thousands of people from all over the region journey to the Sinakara Valley , near Ausangate Mountain ... for the Quyllur Rit 'I or Snow Star Festival . Historical records show that local Catholics adopted this annual celebration back in 1780 , but most experts agree it likely dates back hundreds and possibly thousands of years earlier . And although no one knows exactly when or why the Snow Star Festival was started , oral traditions maintain that it has always been tied to a star cluster the native Quecha people call Collca ... or as it 's known to many other cultures , the Pleiades ... the same star cluster that is tracked by the Kokino Observatory in Macedonia . ROBERT SCHOCH : The Quyllur Rit 'I Festival seems to go back to a much earlier festival that ties in literally with the stars , in particular , the Pleiades , which disappears in April in the southern hemisphere from the view in that area and then reappears in June . And this can be tied to agricultural seasons . Is it merely coincidence that an ancient mountain observatory in Macedonia and an ancient mountain festival 7,000 miles away in Peru , are both associated with the Pleiades Star Cluster ? Perhaps further clues can be found in the rituals of the Snow Star Festival . The Quecha people , descendants of the ancient Incas , return to this location every year to be surrounded by four sacred mountains . In hopes of gaining good fortune , they spend several days dressed in traditional costumes , dancing , and making ceremonial offerings to the apu , the spirits of the mountains . In the ancient civilization of the Incas , there is a belief that there are spirits in the mountains . They 're called apu . And ceremonial leaders , chieftains , priests can make connection , can get some wisdom and guidance . They are benevolent spirits . ED BARNHART : Each mountain has its own apu spirit . The apus are supernatural things but they are not deities , so people are not necessarily praying to them . Rather they are in a relationship with them , asking them for the favor that they can provide . The Incans were very specific in believing that the apu actually existed as tangible entities who they were interacting with , and who they were , in fact , very much beholden to for their technology , for their civilization . You have to wonder if these apus were in fact extraterrestrials that the Incas were in contact with . And today , the people return to these mountains to have some kind of contact and perhaps advice from the apus . Might the apu have been extraterrestrial beings ? Beings who came to Earth from the Pleiades Star Cluster and interacted with the Incans in ancient times ? Perhaps the answers can be found in the culmination of the festival itself . At the close of the celebration , select members of the Quecha community prepare to make the treacherous journey up the mountain glacier . They go in search of ice they refer to as the " snow star . " The pilgrims go up to the top of the mountain and they ask the apu if they can have some of this ice . It 's intentionally something that is supposed to be grueling . Some people have even been known to die along the way . That particular ice is supposed to have healing properties . And those that take the journey have good health for the rest of their life . So it is a gift from the apus that they go and take and bring back down to the village . They believe the glacier ice has unique healing capabilities . Now , it is possible the presence of an extraterrestrial craft , which the indigenous people may refer to as a star , as it landed , created some sort of intrinsic energy to the ice in that area , giving that ice actually a tangible healing WILLIAM HENRY : Throughout the ancient world , we learn of extraterrestrials depositing treasures and knowledge in sacred mountains . It 's possible that that 's what we 're seeing here with the Snow Star ritual . It 's very name tells us that it comes from beyond the Earth . NARRATOR : Did extraterrestrials really visit the mountains of Peru ? And might they have left behind healing technology in the glacial ice of the Andes ? If so , might there be evidence in other parts of the world that mountains served as points of connection between humans and otherworldly beings ? Shandong Province , China . Referred to as the " cosmic peak of the East " , Mt . Tai has been a site of pilgrimage and worship STEAVU : Mt . Tai is considered an extremely powerful place , a place where people can communicate with the divine . In Chinese antiquity , 72 emperors were believed to have made the pilgrimage to Mt . Tai . YOUNG : They would do ceremonies there that were crucial to their reign , If they did the ceremonies correctly , they gained the approval of the gods and the legitimacy that stems from that . If they made a mistake , an entire dynasty could be in trouble . NARRATOR : In 110 B.C. , Emperor Wu of the Han Dynasty made the first of several journeys to Mt . Tai during his reign . According to the historical accounts of scribe Sima Qian , mysterious sightings were reported during his time on the mountain . STEAVU : There seems to have been a beam of light that appeared off into the horizon . And there was a mysterious white cloud that emerged from the mound where the sacrifice is performed . TSOUKALOS : In the historical record , a white cloud and a beam of light appeared as though he summoned them . So what is really being described here ? And why must his followers stay behind ? It reads much more like an encounter with some type of an extraterrestrial craft that was misinterpreted as some type of a divine event . CHILDRESS : The Chinese believe that the emperors were actually communicating with the gods . So it 's possible that in fact the ETs were guiding Chinese civilization through their leaders . NARRATOR : Were the emperors of ancient China in contact with extraterrestrials ? And might this story suggest that mountains like Mt . Tai served as a kind of communication portal to places beyond the Earth ? Perhaps the answers can be found not on the tops of mountains , but on the tops of man-made structures found all over the world . NARRATOR : Shikoku , Japan . Here , towering 6,500 feet over this ancient island , is Mt . Ishizuchi , one of the most revered mountains in all of Japan . The sharp summit is called " Tengudake , " named after the fearsome demons known as " Tengu " thought to live not only here , but in mountains all over Japan . YOUNG : These are fierce birdlike creatures . They are frightening to look at . They 've got feathers , of course , and sharp teeth , They 've got claws and beaks , and yet they are persons . They are somewhere between a bird and a person , but in a very frightening form . STEAVU : The Karasu Tengu , which translates as " crow Tengu , " are born out of these giant eggs . And these creatures are typically very mischievous and even malevolent towards humans . They like to play tricks on them . They like to make them lose their way in the mountain . They often kidnap people as well . ALEXANDER BAY : One story about the Tengu concerns Mt . Ishizuchi : a six-year-old boy went missing at the top of the mountain , Tengu peak . When they asked him what had happened , he said that he had left the trail , and that a all-black humanlike figure from behind said , " If you are lost , I will help you . Close your eyes . " And the next thing he knew he was back home safe and sound . NARRATOR : Belief in the Tengu was widespread . In fact , as recently as 1860 , the Edo government posted an official notice to the Tengu , ordering them to evacuate the mountains before a Shogun 's upcoming visit . But did these strange and powerful beings really exist ? And if so , what were the Tengu ? CHILDRESS : All over the world we have stories of what we call birdmen like the Tengu . And these are men that are often depicted with wings on their backs , they 're able to fly . And you have to wonder if really these aren 't some kind of extraterrestrials and that the wings are purely symbolic . But they 're called bird-men and have wings because they can fly . They can fly in their spaceships . TSOUKALOS : The biggest creatures , or the biggest gods that we can talk about with wings are none other than the Anunnaki . And to this day , in museums all around the world , we can see them as these winged majestic beings with muscular bodies and these massive wings . The Sumerian mythologies proclaim that the Anunnaki will return one day . And so the question is , is it possible that they never left ? And what better place to go than the mountains ? Because it would be a logical place to escape detection . NARRATOR : Might the accounts of the Tengu really be describing Anunnaki ? Did the same beings that walked amongst the ancient Sumerians take refuge in the mountains of Japan ? And if so , might they also have hidden in other mountains throughout the world ? Tenerife , Canary Islands . Reaching a height of over 24,000 feet from its base under the ocean , Mt . Teide is the third-largest volcano in the world . The surrounding region was once home to the mysterious Guanche people , thought to live on the islands as far back as 200 B.C. After the Spanish invaded in the 15th century , the native culture and traditions quickly disappeared ... but some archaeologists believe a series of pyramids found near Mt . Teide were built by the Gaunche , and may provide more clues about this ancient civilization . KATHLEEN McGOWAN : The Guanche people are fascinating because there is so much that we don 't know about them . The Guanche people are a real mystery . They mummified their dead . So we 're able to obtain what information we do have about them through looking at some of these mummies . The Guanche were also pyramid builders . And the pyramids that they are building resemble the earliest step pyramids in Egypt , but also the step pyramids that we see throughout the Mayan culture . COLLINS : Quite close to Mount Teide , there are a series of pyramids that seem to have some relationship to the mountain or volcano . And they may have even been representations of that mountain itself . But they also were places of communication with the gods . But who those gods were is lost today . NARRATOR : But for what purpose were the Mount Teide pyramids built ? Were they meant to be places of worship ? Or could it be , as ancient astronaut theorists suggest , that they were constructed to welcome otherworldly visitors ? Perhaps the answers can be found in the mythology of the Guanche people . CHILDRESS : The Gauche also believed that Mount Teide was a huge pyramid put there by the gods . They also believed that they are seeing gods coming and going from this mountain , but perhaps what they 're really seeing is extraterrestrial vehicles coming and going from the mountain . HENRY : The ancient Egyptians called their step pyramids " the stairway to heaven . " And maintained that the gods themselves taught them how to build these structures . It 's possible that the Gauche step pyramids were built based on instructions from the same gods . And that they , too , are portals or gateways to heaven . NARRATOR : Is it possible that the Guanche people built these pyramids not for mythical gods , but as launching pads for actual beings that visited them in the distant past ? Ancient astronaut theorists say yes , and point to strange sightings that continue around Mount Teide even to this day . RICHARD DOLAN : That region has had more than its share of interesting U.F.O. sightings . Not just of U.F.O. sightings , but really dramatic , I mean off - the-charts dramatic U.F.O. sightings . In June of 1976 , people on the ground saw this glowing large three-story high almost like a globe that at times was transparent , and in fact , the Spanish military investigated this particular case . And they were left with something that was truly unknown , truly extraordinary . NARRATOR : Did the Guanche people witness extraterrestrials coming and going from Mount Teide in the distant past ? Many ancient astronaut theorists believe that not only have aliens landed on mountains , but that they may even have created elaborate bases deep inside of them . NARRATOR : Bugarach , France . 2012 . Believing that the end of the Mayan calendar is a prediction of the apocalypse , thousands descend on this mountain village , hoping to be rescued by extraterrestrials . KATHLEEN MCGOWAN : Bugarach has been known as a holy mountain since time immemorial in this part of France . There is something truly magnetic about this mountain that is bringing people to come and watch it . There is so much U.F.O. activity , there are so many unidentified lights , unidentified objects that are seen around that mountain . That people come from all over Europe to observe Bugarach . CHILDRESS : All throughout the mountain is a vast labyrinth of limestone caves . These limestone caves have led a number of people to believe that this is actually some kind of alien base . That extraterrestrials are living inside the mountain , and in fact they 've been living there for thousands of years . MIKE BARA : So , what happened in 2012 , is that all sorts of doomsday groups flocked to the area , because they felt like it would be the only place that would be safe from the devastation and destruction that would engulf the entire planet . They believed that the aliens were going to come out and protect anybody who was encamped in the area , and that they would be the ones who would start the new world that would come afterwards . NARRATOR : Could extraterrestrials really be living inside a mountain in France , remaining undetected for thousands of years ? And if so , might there be other similar mountains secretly housing otherworldly civilizations ? Mount Shasta , California . Dominating the landscape at over 14,179 feet , this mountain has inspired strange and incredible stories for thousands of years . TIM SWARTZ : The local Native Americans have always felt there was something special about Mount Shasta . It was thought that humankind actually originated from within Mount Shasta . That there was a great cataclysm and that the people of planet Earth actually hid within the mountain . When the cataclysm had passed , the people were able to come out of Mount Shasta and repopulate the world . MCGOWAN : A book came out in the 1890s proposing the idea that there was a culture that lived within subterranean chambers in Mount Shasta . NICK REDFERN : Over the years , there have been a number of very significant U.F.O. sightings around Mount Shasta and you have to wonder why is that the case ? I don 't think we can rule out the idea of some sort of permanent presence buried deep within Mount Shasta itself . NARRATOR : Could alien beings really be living on planet Earth hidden inside mountains ? And , if so , might they have built advanced civilizations , not only within Mount Shasta but in mountains across the world ? YOUNG : Great mountains have been objects of fascination and veneration for as long as we have stories . They reach to the heavens . They have hidden crevices and caves . They are also dangerous . So we have the severity , issues of life and death . So in every corner of the planet , there have been special and sacred mountains . HENRY : Throughout the world we find myths and legends of sacred mountains that are not only landing places or places where the gods or star beings descended , but also places that became their sanctuary . And humans have been almost magnetically attracted to these places since the beginning of recorded history . CHILDRESS : So , it 's entirely possible that the extraterrestrials set up space bases in mountains all over the world . That way they could watch humanity , help guide us , and if necessary intervene again in human affairs as they had done in the past . And perhaps this is why we 're drawn to mountains . We instinctively know that the extraterrestrial gods are there . And always have been . NARRATOR : Are the Earth 's mountains really the sites of alien visitations that occurred thousands of years ago ? Did extraterrestrials use remote mountain peaks to interact with early man ? To guide the course of our civilization ? Or simply to live among us undetected ? Might this explain why humans continue to worship mountains as places of divine , or even otherworldly connection ? Perhaps one day we 'll discover that not only were our mountains inhabited by extraterrestrials in the distant past , but that , in fact ... they still are . subtitrarea nelu osanu
