 [ Indistinct conversation ] Reporter : Two freelance American journalists were arrested by the Syrian military for " grave offenses to the Syrian people . " There to cover the bloody civil war and alleged war crimes by the Syrian military , the two journalists have strenuously maintained their innocence . With tensions high between Syria and the U.S. , it is no surprise that there are growing calls inside the Syrian government for the immediate execution of the two journalists . If they execute two Americans on international TV , it 'll cross a red line the Oval Office couldn 't ignore . We 'll be dragged into another war in the Middle East . The Russians have made it clear that if we take military action , they 'll be forced to support Syria . We 've all seen situations like this go black before . The president wants to avoid that . I want the asset in theater by morning . Understood . They 're being held here , in an old Soviet-era Ba 'ath party prison . Yeah , but I can 't find any specs on that facility . Me neither . That 's because there are none . We also don 't have assets on the ground . This is sounding better and better . Syria is locked up tight right now . Finding a way in without intel or support is next to impossible . We have a way in . 30 minutes ago , the white house announced former president Finnegan as a special envoy to negotiate for the journalists ' release . Riley , because of your past history with the Secret Service , you and Gabriel will be embedded in Finnegan 's detail . You 're not serious . Jameson will pose as a doctor to check on the health of the journalists . How do you think we 're gonna hide this from Finnegan ? We aren 't . He 's already agreed . Why would he agree to compromise a diplomatic mission ? If I knew Finnegan had the balls to run interference on a covert rescue mission , I might 've voted for him . You probably should have . He voted for you . What do you mean ? In 1998 , president Stanwick Finnegan signed executive order 1451 , establishing a pilot program code-named " Clockwork . " How come I 've never been able to access that ? Because the order was never entered into any database . Only on paper . Our thinking was that the very people who would want this program would be the same people with the means to find it electronically . So it was Finnegan ? [ As Darth Vader ] Luke , I am your father . Actually , technologically speaking , I am Gabriel 's father . Once you 're in theater , you will break from the team , locate and extract the journalists , once you 're in theater , and exfil on Finnegan 's plane . The stakes are high . If we fail , if we 're exposed , we are at war . If we fail , two innocent people die . And there 's that . God only knows what those kids are going through . I 'm going to ask you again . What were you doing in Syria without papers ? [ Weakly ] Please . We 're journalists . You are spies ! No , we 're not . We 're journalists . We 're - - Silence ! Secret Service has been read-in on the extraction , but obviously they 're not cleared for Clockwork . So I shouldn 't do anything too ... chippy ? " Chippy " ? Riley Neal ? [ Chuckles ] What do you know ? The loner has friends . You 're alive ? You thought I was dead ? Or on a desk . Is there a difference ? Hi . Barber . This is Thomas . Jameson . Gabriel . Thriller ? Is that you ? " Thriller " ? It was a code name . I didn 't ask for it . Let it go . When I saw " Riley Neal " in the prep-report , I couldn 't believe my eyes . Gabriel , Jameson , this is special agent in charge Charlie Griffin . He 's the D.L. on the mission . Detail leader . Got it . That 's right . Batman and Robin , hmm ? Which one of you is Robin ? You 're here to save Gotham , right ? Look , to be clear , my assignment is tangent . That 's Finnegan . Secret Service protocol is 90 % to the client , 10 % to the problem . While I want you to succeed , obviously , if you get yourself into trouble , neither I nor my men will be able to help you . Is that clear ? Unless we only need 10 % . This guy 's good , Riley . Keep him . [ Chuckles ] What ? You didn 't always hate him . Gabriel . Official reprimand for consorting with a fellow agent ? Damn it , Gabriel , you promised to stay out of my personnel file . I 'm not in yours . I 'm in his . Yes , absolutely . [ Gabriel sighs ] Jameson : Finally , a ride in the comfy seats . Do you know how many miles I 've logged in military-transport planes ? 831,367 . They keep records on everything . That is so annoying . You must be Gabriel . Yes , sir , Mr. President . Special Agent Chris Jameson , sir . Cybercom . This is Riley Neal . The protector . Yes , sir . [ Sighs ] I apologize . This was all just a - - a marvelous theory . But now here you are . Can you show me how it works ? I 'm sorry . What do you mean ? Tell me something only I know . I 'm not a mind reader , sir . Do an old man a favor . [ Whispering indistinctly ] [ Chuckles softly ] [ Laughs ] Sir , do you mind if I ask you a question ? Please . Why did you allow us to accompany you on a diplomatic mission when you knew it was a covert op ? There have been 25 men in history who have wielded the awesome power of the American military during wartime . If you asked any one of them what their greatest regret was , it would be that they didn 't have the power to avoid war . The Syrians are going through the motions . Talks will break down after day one . Let 's move quickly and bring these kids home . Yes , sir . Lillian : One of our nation 's most decorated soldiers . He 's a hero , and now our country 's most secret weapon . Gabriel possesses a rare genetic mutation that allowedus to implant a microchip in his brain . We connected his mind directly to the information grid . It 's something the chip does that nobody expected . I can create a virtual snapshot of an event in my mind and then walk through it . It 's like a virtual evidence wall . At U.S. cyber command , we created a highly specialized unit around him ... Amos : Satellite in five . ... and assigned an agent to protect him . Run ! He 's the first of his kind - - the next evolution of intelligence . So , what went wrong ? What do you mean ? Riley , you were in the show . The west wing . After Panama , I figured they 'd give you your own detail . Not my thing . Too much paperwork . Does he know about Panama ? Panama is classified . Right . Really ? You and that guy ? Shut up . Finnegan : Damascus . The oldest continuously inhabited city on earth . Let 's go say hello . [ Indistinct conversation ] Keyhole is up and running . The talks are starting . [ Indistinct conversations ] Agent Griffin , can you give us a little breathing room here , please ? Yes , sir . Gabriel , do you have any intel that 'll help me here ? You were right , Mr. President . They aren 't taking this seriously . Second from the left . Hafez Shawqat , head of Syrian military intel . Your garden-variety sociopath . You know him ? I do now . Russian FSB keeps a photo album of all their friends . Shawqat 's a charmer . Since the civil war began , he 's burned villages , tortured and murdered women and children . [ Sighs ] When did you see the FSB files ? I 'm in them now . Half these guys are Syrian secret police . Pretty hostile room , sir . You want hostile , go to a DNC fundraiser . It 's okay . I got this . You go show me we got our money 's worth . Yes , sir . Medical expedition is away . [ Indistinct conversations ] Gabriel : We 're approaching the prison . Dr. Jameson here will check their health , and that should give us a good look at their security . Lillian : When the talks break down , there will be a rush to punish us by executing those journalists . You need to have them back on the plane before the Syrians realize what happened . One question . What if the journalists need a real doctor ? [ Men shouting in Arabic ] [ Brakes squeal ] [ Speaking Arabic ] Jameson : Thank you , gentlemen . - Or should I say I 'd like to shove those AK-47s right up - - - We 're in . The security system is wireless . They 're being held in a sub-basement in the southwest corner . There 's a steam tunnel I can get them through . Once the doctors make them presentable , a guard contingent will arrive and transfer them upstairs for the dog-and-pony . You two have to get clear of the building before the guards realize something 's wrong . Accessing the security cameras now . I 'll start feeding back empty loops on all of them . Then you should be able to move around the prison freely 'cause now now I control what the Syrians see . The Syrian medical team is headed down to the prisoners . Go . We 'll meet you at the rendezvous . [ Door buzzes ] [ Laughter ] [ Men conversing in Arabic ] [ Conversing in Arabic ] Let 's move . No . [ Men conversing in Arabic ] Now . Their medical people are leaving . Make your move . [ Grunting ] [ Beep ] [ Neck cracks ] He set off an alarm ! I 'm not sure I disabled it . What kind of show you think I 'm running here , bro , huh ? You think we all need a chip in our heads to disable an alarm ? [ Scoffs ] This guy . Hey , what 's - - what 's going on ? Who are you ? My name is Gabriel . I 'll be serving as your rescue team today . Guys , I 'm in . Who are you talking to ? Girl looks good . The other one looks pretty bad . Pulse is weak , breathing 's labored . I 'm gonna have to carry him . No , no , no , no , no . You can 't . Emily , listen . I don 't have time to explain . We have to move quickly . No . Look , I know you 're scared . Just stay on my six . I 'll get you both out . You 're not listening to me ! We 're not going anywhere ! You 're not Langley ? U.S. cyber command . Cybercom ? All right , fine . Listen closely . I 'm talking to whoever is on the other end of your comm . A hot extraction is mission-negative . I 'm not burning a year-long red op by alerting the Syrians I 'm back in play . You want to do me a favor ? You can Charlie-Mike the op and pluck my target . Then , and only then , do you come back for me . Who the hell is this woman ? [ Gasps ] You 're no journalist . [ Sighs ] We 're CIA . Heads up ! Gabriel , we got two guards headed your way . [ Sighs ] We were sent to identify and locate a scientist working on a missile-guidance system . They knew we were looking but couldn 't find her . Now they think she 's safe . If we got out , they 'd move her underground . What 's her name ? I don 't have one . We got a break on it just before we were grabbed . An Israeli Mossad agent took pictures of her and uploaded them to a protected site , a digital dead drop , just before he was killed . Gabriel , you have 20 seconds . You got a good memory ? 4-7-3-9-dot-I-L . Password - - " geshem . " Find her and deliver her to my people . They 'll know what to do . Gabriel , get out of there now ! [ Door opens , closes ] [ Door opens , closes ] What the hell were you thinking ? I know you 're upset , but I 'd be careful if I were you . I 'm still the director of the CIA . We 've known each other for a long time , Jeff . We both know where the bodies are buried and who put them there . You sure you want to threaten me ? You let my people drop into one of your messes without so much as a heads-up . It 's not like I was read-in on your mission . Oh , what is this ? Hurt feelings ? Don 't be ridiculous . By the time I was briefed , you were already in the middle of a hot extraction . Frankly , I was hoping I 'd be thanking you right now . Please . You knew your asset wouldn 't leave that prison . That was a field call , not an order . Did Weatherly know ? What are you looking for ? You think I 'm set up on you ? Are you ? No . But I 'm clocking two of your pavement artists right now . You 've had me in a floating box since I left Angel 's Bluff . Weatherly didn 't know . The president still doesn 't . If we told 1600 that the Syrians are right , that the prisoners are spooks , it would leak inside of 24 hours . The white house is a sieve . It always has been . Did your people learn anything else from their visit to the prison ? Anything I need to know ? Just the scientist and we 're empty on that so far . Is there anything else we should have asked about ? Not that I 'm aware of . Nothing much changes at Langley , does it ? One of the things I learned from your father - - change is not always progress . I assume you 'll let me know if you find the scientist . Of course . I want to find her . Why do we need her ? Because she 's important . Every country in the region wants a missile-guidance system . Right now , Syria 's arsenal consists of several hundred Soviet-made scud missiles - - essentially pipe-bombs attached to highly inaccurate propellant . But with an advanced guidance system , the Syrians can make precision attacks against Tel Aviv , Riyadh , Ankara , maybe even our bases in the area . - Have you accessed the photos yet from the digital dead drop ? - Of course . They 're all photos of an open air market , taken cloverfield . What does cloverfield mean ? If you 're afraid somebody might find your photos and you don 't want them to spot your subject , you take a crowd shot . A four-leaf clover hidden in a cloverfield . You 're the only one that knows where to look . Nelson : Needle in a haystack . No name , no idea what she looks like . She could be anyone . Not anyone . At Secret Service , we used a profiling assessment for any anonymous threat . What do we know ? We know it 's a woman . We know she 's a rocket scientist . All right , so she would need a background in aeronautics , control-system retrofits , meta-stable feedback design . How many institutions provide that kind of training ? In the U.S. ? Only a handful . Uh ... Caltech , Stanford , M.I.T ... maybe Rice . [ Scoffs ] Rice ? Don 't be a snob , son . Sorry . Internationally , there is E.T.H. In Zurich and Estaca in France . She would 've attended one of those schools within the last 10 years . Can you cross-reference ? I can do more than that . I 'm using facial recognition to see if anyone in the marketplace attended one of those schools . I have a match . Ready for this ? Her name is Susan Hawkins . She 's American . [ Keyboard clacking ] Nelson : Susan Hawkins . Born Dayton , Ohio , September 30 , 1977 . PhD aeronautics , subspecialty in supersonic structural dynamics . Girl 's got skills . Susan Hawkins married a Syrian national in Massachusetts in 2003 . Disappeared 2005 . The digital trail ends there . Well , at least we know where she eats lunch . [ Indistinct conversations ] Gabriel : What was it ? Like a heat-of-the-battle thing ? What ? You and your friend Griffin . You know what the army says . Nothing like a pitched battle to stick two soldiers to each other . Ew . Seriously , what happened ? It 's classified . I 'm surprised you haven 't opened the file . I did . But tell me about it anyway . We were covering the vice president on vacation . V.P. and his wife had a fight . He went for a walk , we followed . He got into a tussle with some locals . There were guns . We got our client out . It was no big deal . No big deal ? That 's not what the file said . It got a little hairy . You didn 't get any recognition . Because it never officially happened . That 's her . And that 's an SMI shadow . Syrian Military Intelligence . They really are paranoid about her . I 'll take care of the shadow . You go talk to Susan . [ Bell ringing ] Hello ? Hello ? [ Speaking Arabic ] Sorry . It 's okay , Susan . I know they 're watching . [ Chicken clucks ] Whoever you are , go . Leave now . Why don 't they trust you ? Hello ? Hello ? [ Goat bleats ] [ Speed-dialing ] [ Cellphone rings ] [ Speaking Arabic ] [ Static ] [ Conversing in Arabic ] Hello ? Are you being kept here against your will ? Hello ? You have a child . Please go ! [ Speaks Arabic ] You don 't understand . My husband , he 's one of them . He brought you here , and now you can 't leave . Please , just leave us alone . [ Speaking Arabic ] Riley , you 've got 10 seconds . What are you gonna say to her when she grows up and learns about all the other mothers and daughters that were killed because of your work ? What will she think of you then ? [ Speaking Arabic ] Time 's up . We can help you , Susan . We can protect your daughter , but you need to come with me right now . Where is your daughter now ? At her school . How do you think she 'd feel about a half-day ? [ Dialing ] Mm-hmm . Impressive . Secret Service gives you post-9 / 11 Arabic training ? Semester abroad in Cairo . I love the desert . I got a little sick of it , myself . Too much beige ? Yeah . That was the problem . And all the guys shooting at me . Boys and girls ? Our day is about to suck . Guards at the prison just found the body you hid in the closet . How long do we have ? [ Sighs ] 10 minutes before the entire Syrian government comes looking for you . Cell towers locked out . Alert system 's down . Hydraulic gates disabled . But none of it 's gonna hold much longer . [ Sighs ] What the hell is Griffin waiting for ? He needs to get the president out of there . They are not spies ! They 're American journalists . You want something from us . Well , I 'm here because we 're prepared to listen . Killing them won 't accomplish anything . Excuse me . We just got a message from the plane , sir . The message was 1451 says it 's time to go . Gentlemen , before we go any further , I 'm going to need to consult with Washington . I have tangent . We are on the move . Pull the chain . Repeat - - pull the chain . All right , we 're moving . This way , sir . Sir , please . [ Door opens ] Now we just hope she doesn 't panic . Tell your friend to ask my daughter a question . Tell her it must be these words . Gabriel : Ask the kid if she 's a lion or a mouse . What ? Just ask her . I 'm a lion . As-salamu alaykum . Alaykum assalam . This is D.L. I have tangent at the L.Z. Where 's Gabriel ? Here he comes now . Are these all our people ? Not quite all of them , sir . I 'm sorry , Mr. President . I need to borrow your vehicle . We need something bulletproof . What ? We came here for Tyner and Edwards . We 're not going home without them . No , absolutely not . You are not taking this vehicle . Yes , they are , Agent Griffin . And you 're going with them . Sir ? If it 's all the same to you , Mr. President , we don 't need him . If you want to break people out of prison , you 're gonna need all the help you can get . He 's right . Saddle up . Agent Thomas , cover tangent . Man : Blue team , that 's right . You know , for a giant slab of impenetrable steel , this thing handles like a dream . Gabriel , the parameters of this operation have been satisfied . Turn that car around and go back to the plane . Are we clear ? Don 't let some inter-agency rivalry get in the way of doing the right thing , Lillian . That 's not what this is about , and you know it . Back in delta we had one rule - - everybody goes home . I knew it ! There 's a heart in there after all . I can 't hold that plane for you forever . We 'll see you when we get home . Would someone like to tell me what 's going on ? It 's gonna be just like Panama , except this time it 'll be the three of us . I thought you said he didn 't know anything about Panama . There 's no way to get back inside . Not even for you . They knew the risks they were taking . We all do . I really can 't get to them , can I ? No . Then what do you say we let the Syrians bring them to us ? What do you mean ? Nelson , go ahead and stop jamming that prison alarm . In fact , why don 't you sound as many alarms as you can ? O-kay . Yes , all right . Copy that . [ Keyboard clacking ] What the hell are you doing ? I 'm flooding the social media and Syrian defense network with chatter about a jailbreak . What do you mean you 're flooding social media ? He means our people back in Washington are . If the Syrians act as expected , they 'll try and move their most valuable assets out of the facility . Or they 'll line them up against a wall and put a bullet in each of their heads . If we leave now , they 're dead anyway . We have motion . We have motion . Lillian : Is that Tyner ? Affirmative . Gabriel , they 're moving the prisoners . This has to be them . They have to be in that transport . Okay , so what 's your plan now , cowboy ? What kind of insurance do you get on a bulletproof limo ? Gabriel , no . Buckle up . [ Engine revs ] Riley , this is insane . You can 't be part of this . Relax . You might even get another promotion . Agent Vaughn - - just like Panama , right ? What 's he talking about ? Go ahead , detail leader , tell her . Tell me what ? Your compadre back there took the credit for saving the V.P. down in Panama . What ? He stole your promotion . That is not true . Come on , Grif , we 're all about to get killed . You really want your final act to be another lie ? That 's how you end up on the down elevator , if you know what I mean . How can you possibly know any of this ? I read the letter you wrote the V.P. ' s wife . Nice piece of fiction , though a little passive-aggressive . Wait . You 're the reason I didn 't make D.L. ? You son of a bitch . [ Tires screech ] Aah ! Stop ! Where 's Gil ? He didn 't make it . He 's dead . Come on . [ Groans ] Come on , come on . Let 's go , let 's go . Go , go . Riley : Come on , go ! [ Engine revs ] Heads up . Limo 's coming in hot ! Damn . Where in the hell did you learn to drive ? Urban combat driving school . High-threat escape scenarios . This is D.L. Tangent is safe and sound . We are go for takeoff . Man : Roger that . I need it . Susan : You don 't need it . I do ! Mommy , please , it has my things in it . [ Sighs ] Fine . I 'll get it . You stay here . Lillian , any word ? They just left Syrian airspace , headed for Washington . [ Sighs ] The things we do to protect our children . [ Chuckles ] Wait a minute . What is it ? CIA revoked Susan Hawkins ' passport and stripped her of her American citizenship . Well , they thought she was a traitor . They told us they didn 't know who she was . This is dated less than a month before they sent their agents in . So , if they were planning to extract her , why take away her citizenship ? Because they never intended to bring her home . Gabriel ... it was a wet op . CIA was sent to kill Susan Hawkins . You scared me . A little girl needs her crayons . Is everything okay ? I 'm just so glad we found you . Susan , step back . Emily , show us your hands . Let her go . Are you crazy ? You can 't shoot a gun on a plane . It only matters if I miss . She 's a great shot , Emily . You should do what she says . Aah ! Aah ! Why , Emily ? I 'm on-mission till told otherwise . I think she just told you otherwise . [ Sighs ] Aah ! That 's a lot of blood . Isn 't that a lot of blood ? Second time she saved your ass . Stopped being such a baby . [ Groans ] [ Tires screech ] Talk about irony . He 'll probably get another promotion . Great . You knew he screwed you over , didn 't you ? I had a feeling . You didn 't want to be detail leader anyway . For what it 's worth , you 're exactly where you belong . Excuse me . Son . Yes , sir ? I 've been thinking about this , and I just can 't get my mind around one question . Why ? Sir ? Why would a man volunteer for something like this ? A computer in his brain ? Gabriel doesn 't like to talk about it , sir , but the truth is he did it for love . Love ? Love of country , naturally . Sounds like you 're running for office . [ Chuckles ] Not me , sir . You play golf ? Yes , sir . That chip help your golf game ? I wish . Good . Then we 'll play . I 'd be honored , sir . For what it 's worth , you 're exactly where you belong , too . Thanks . Thriller . [ Sighs ] [ Indistinct conversation ] It 's time for you two to kiss and make up . Despite what you may believe , the mission was not wet unless we couldn 't extract the scientist . Emily went off-book . If that were true , she 'd be in prison . I won 't tell you how to parent , so don 't tell me . And you 're okay with this ? It 's complicated . Not to me . You kept us out of a war , Lillian . We 're all appreciative of that . Spare me . I read your after-action report . Your team was impressive . That report is classified . I 'm the director of the CIA . I 'm cleared . Not for this , you 're not . We 've decided to bring Jeff in on this . You 've decided ? And who 's we ? The president . Why ? Checks and balances . What the hell does that mean ? I couldn 't help but notice that the asset diverted from the primary objective . Oh , you 've got to be kidding me . Yes , Jeff , he diverted , and , as a result , your agent was liberated . I would think the chip would make him more predictable . He improvised . It 's one of the reasons we chose Gabriel . He 's a human being . Unlike Emily Tyner , apparently . There 's a thin line between improvisation and insubordination . Wait a minute . What 's going on here ? Checks and balances . The president is concerned about the day when we 're not gonna be able to control Gabriel at all .
