 I 've been seeing him in my dreams for the past three weeks . A shared vision like this , he must be real . A father and son just pulled a man from the middle of Reiden Lake . He knows things no one outside this division could possibly know . - Thank God you 're here . - Who are you ? He 's saying that his name is Peter Bishop . - Walter . - I don 't know who you are or why you claim to be my son . My son drowned . This must be confusing for you . Help me figure out why no one remembers me . Why you don 't . Wherever you came from , however you got here it doesn 't matter . I can 't help you . I thought I 'd gotten rid of you . I don 't think so . It took me three years to finally get you . You 're not getting rid of me that easily . Where 'd you disappear to ? I was checking up on Walter . He found the swing set . You know how he feels about Newtonian mechanics . You know what this is ? - The perfect day . - Yes , the perfect day . It 's too bad it has to end . And why would it have to end ? You can 't ignore the problem , Peter . Ignoring it won 't make it go away . I don 't understand . What 's the problem ? What 's wrong , Olivia ? You , Peter . You 're the problem . Sorry if I woke you up . It 's all right , I was already awake . There 's something going on , and we think it has something to do with you . With your appearance here . Okay , what kind of something ? We 're not sure , but we think it has to do with time . Mommy , Mommy , look what I caught . - Aah ! Get it away from me . - Got you . It 's fake , Mommy , see ? Thank goodness . You never know when a spider 's gonna get you . I 'm almost done here . Then we 'll read together , okay ? - What are you in the mood for ? - Burlap Bear . Burlap Bear , that 's my favorite . Samantha ? Sam ? Sam , where are you ? Mommy . Mommy , what is it ? Oh , Sam . Sam . So , what are you thinking ? First chance I 've had to look outside since I got back . It looks exactly like I remember it . Uh , I meant , what do you think about what I told you ? In regard to the time anomalies . Oh . Uh ... People in Boston reporting strange events of deja vu . Well , it 's not just deja vu . Some of them are reporting time loops . I don 't know what that means . What is a time loop ? Like Groundhog Day ? I 'm not trying to be difficult , but what does this have to do with me , anyway ? Shortly before you arrived we experienced our own anomalies having to do with time . Strange reversals in cause and effect . Is that why you 're taking me to Massive Dynamic ? To run more tests ? You think these time anomalies may be because of me ? Yeah . So , what 's Walter 's theory ? Walter doesn 't have a theory . He 's made it pretty clear that he doesn 't wanna have anything to do with you . Dunham . It 's Lincoln . There 's been another incident . Walter , I 'm not sure if I 'm doing this right . Hang on , here it is . " A short emission should indicate universe breach and extent of affected area . " - Did you spray ? - Yeah , twice . No reaction . Maybe third time 's a charm . Negative . There 's no change in color or anything . It would seem this event is not caused by a bleed-through from the other universe . Hmm . Well , it 's a wonderful device nonetheless despite the poorly written instruction manual . Okay , you just stay here . Don 't touch anything and don 't talk to anyone , okay ? It looks like there was a fire but with no apparent cause . The damage just happened in an instant . - A flash fire ? - Except there were no flames . And that 's not the weirdest part . According to the mother , for the duration of the event her daughter went from being a 5-year-old to an infant . Mommy , where 's Emily ? Samantha , it 's okay . We can buy a new one . I don 't want a new one , I want Emily . Are you sure you didn 't put her somewhere else ? She was here , I remember . We were having a circus , and you can 't have a circus without an elephant . Is that Emily ? Emily . - A little smoky , but otherwise okay . - Thank you . Emily . So you really think I caused all this ? I don 't know . Fire marshal says they 've never seen anything like it . Some areas burnt , next to places that are completely undamaged . The outside wall had scorch marks that made a perfect circle . It 's almost like the fire burned in the shape of a ball . There was another fire here four years ago . Fits with what the woman was saying about her daughter becoming an infant . So we 're thinking what ? That this whole place flashed back to four years ago ? We need to get him back to the lab . I want Dr. Bishop to run those tests . Walter is refusing to do anything that involves him . He doesn 't get to choose which cases he works and which he doesn 't . It 's his job to investigate fringe events . And until something suggests otherwise , he is a fringe event . The subject can lower the arms . You can call me Peter ... Subject does not have an elevated radiation level . Nor does it have any trace chemical signatures . Subject appears to be solid , not phasing in and out of existence . You can inform Agent Broyles that I have completed the examination and I conclude that this subject is not the cause of the time-related phenomenon . Walter , you couldn 't possibly know that so quickly . If I was erased from this timeline and then thrown back into it it stands to reason those two things could be related . I 'll be in my bedroom working on the problem . I do not wish to be disturbed . He lives here ? Since when ? Since I checked him out of a mental institution three years ago . Now this lab is the only place that he feels safe . Okay , well , if he won 't help me , I 'll just do it myself . Does he still keep all his notes on wormholes in the bathroom ? You think this has something to do with time travel ? No , not exactly . I think this has something to do with time displacement . I think when I came back here I somehow damaged the space-time continuum . If that 's the case , there may not actually be any rules to it . Like the apartment . The fire and the baby . The mother didn 't revert to a younger age , but her daughter did . Yeah , precisely . I can 't explain it , but as far as I can tell these anomalies are gonna increase exponentially . If we can judge anything by the damage done by that fire in the apartment these things are gonna get worse . We 're already over an hour late . Why does this always happen ? Relax , we 're totally gonna make it in time for the bands that don 't suck . Whatever . You just think Aluminum Rain rules the known universe . They 're gonna make it big and you two are gonna say you liked them all along . I will never say that I liked Aluminum Rain . Look out ! But leave your mind alone This is not working . I got too many competing theories . I can 't balance the equation . There 's too many variables and not enough constants . Look at this . There have been 65 time slips in the past 72 hours all of which occurred within a 40-mile radius of downtown Boston . So because most people don 't call in deja vu to the FBI we can assume that there 's at least twice as many unreported . Now , I 've categorized all of the events . Lost time , frozen moments , time jumps , reversals . What about the apartment fire ? How 'd you categorize that one ? The spherical nature of it makes it distinct from the others . Maybe we should go back to the site and get more ... To try and try again Well , hear us now Agent Dunham . I was going to make a bologna sandwich . Would you care for one ? Uh , no , but thank you , Walter . I 'm working on the case with Peter . We could really use you on this one . I 'd be happy to join you as soon as my lab is available to me again . Ah . My copy of Carroll 's Cosmology . I was just looking for that . - Walter . - It 's okay . Just let him go . He can 't even look at me . Can you blame him ? Seeing the adult version of the son that he lost . I mean , the visions he was having were unsettling enough . What visions ? For weeks before you arrived , you were appearing to him here in the lab . You weren 't aware you were doing that ? No . You were also showing up in my dreams . Almost every night . How is that possible when I 'd never even seen you before ? Olivia . Look , you can believe whatever you like , but this is where I 'm supposed to be . This is my home . I don 't know , maybe you and Walter saw echoes of the other timeline ... Just got word . A freight train appeared out of nowhere ... - ... almost took out a car full of teenagers . - Are they okay ? They 're fine . The car stopped in time . - Let 's take my car . - I 'll come with you guys . If I 'm causing a cosmic disruption then there 's gonna be heightened levels of alpha radiation . I 'm gonna need specific readings , the full spectrum of EM waves , not just ... Did you have any warning the train was coming ? No warning . It just came out of nowhere . No bells or anything . When you say the train disappeared , what do you mean exactly ? I know it sounds crazy , but I could only see part of it . Like it was passing through a window . - Curved , like looking through a bubble . - Spherical . I swear , I wasn 't smoking anything . - Is something wrong ? - How did we get here ? Um , we drove . You all right ? No . No , I am not all right . I think I just had a time jump . You 're sure about that ? Okay . Thanks . Transit Authority said that line was decommissioned . Last train to run on that track was four years ago . Sound familiar ? Fire in the apartment building was four years ago . Well , that 's finally a piece of good news . We might actually have the makings of a pattern . Boston P.D. Held a witness for us . Let 's hope he 's got something useful . I 'll check with the CSIs . This is gonna start getting annoying . Agent Olivia Dunham . I 'm with the FBI . - Could I ask you a couple questions ? - What do you wanna know ? So you were with another two people ? Who were they ? A girl in the front and a girl in the back . When you say the train disappeared , what did you mean exactly ? Hey , guys , I got some ... What ? Peter ? Uh , there are heightened levels of neutron radiation at the train crossing . Why didn 't you tell us that when we were at the scene ? I didn 't know until I was just back there . - What ? - It 's not important . A piece of the bumper just crumbled into my hands . Metal degradation , a sign of neutron radiation . Get those kids tested for radiation poisoning . I 'm sorry , you lost me . It doesn 't happen in nature . Cosmic radiation waves , they 're random , erratic . Neutron radiation has to be generated by human technology . So you 're saying you don 't think you 're responsible for what 's going on ? No , I 'm not saying that . I don 't know that . What I am saying is that somebody has to be causing these time events . Raymond , did you remember to change the date on your dentist appointment ? Yup , I remembered . - You took your cholesterol pill ? - Like always , Kate . You know , you don 't need to remind me of things anymore . I 've turned over a new leaf . Is that right ? After 30 years ? What would I do without you ? - There you go . - Oh . - Thank you , honey . - Mm-hm . Success ? Well , not yet , but close , you know ? I 'm sure you 'll get it , honey , any day now . Mm-hm . Kate . Would you like some tea ? - Who are you ? - Ha , ha . I 'm Raymond , sweetheart . I 'm Raymond . Is it any wonder I 've got too much time on my hands ? Tickin ' away with my sanity I 've got too much Why would anyone develop technology that would cause time collisions ? I don 't know . Why would Oppenheimer invent the bomb ? - You think this is a weapon ? - No , no , I don 't know that , I just ... I mean , I hope not . But the neutron pulse has to come from somewhere in the vicinity of these two time-bubble events : The fire and the train crossing . If we could find some kind of pattern , maybe we could locate the source . Yeah , but two points isn 't really very much to go on . How about four ? We just got two new reports . A perfect circle of trees suddenly appeared in a parking garage in Chestnut Hill . Shortly after , an open pit filled with rotting garbage suddenly appeared in the eighth hole of the Franklin Park golf course . - Course was built on top of the landfill ... - Let me guess , four years ago . Yeah , but look at it . It 's still completely random to my eyes . - There 's no way to ... - I am ready to present a theory . Snails . Nautilus shells . Rams ' horns . These all have one thing in common : Fibonacci 's golden spiral . I 'll be damned . Walter , that 's it . I believe the source of these time slips must be located in the center of this spiral . You 'll want to search a 3-square-mile area in the vicinity of Brookline . - I need to go Christmas shopping . - You will , sweetheart . There 's plenty of time . It 's not even Thanksgiving . I 'll miss it and then it 'll be too late . I have to go . - All the stores will be clear ... - Hey . We 're not gonna miss Christmas . You hear me ? I 'm not gonna let that happen , okay ? I 'm not gonna let that happen . Don 't worry . We 'll have all the Christmases in the world . I have some work I need to do now . I will see you soon . - Seeking out food both day and night . And though their diet is primarily vegetarian ... Did you remember to change the date for your dentist appointment ? - Yeah , I remembered . - Mm , good . And you took your ... ? My cholesterol pills in the morning . Yeah , you don 't need to remind me . - Oh , really ? - But I do enjoy it . If you do notice anything out of the ordinary , please contact the FBI . Thank you for your time . If the source is around here , then it must be well hidden . You know , maybe it 's underground . Or hiding in plain sight . Is something on your mind ? Yeah . Yeah . Those dreams that you were having , the ones that I 'm in . Mm-hm . Were we in a park , Walter on a swing set ? What ? In the dreams , did you feel like you knew me ? Did you feel anything ? You 're a stranger , so , what would I feel ? It 's the red one . The one on differential equations . Yeah . Got it . Raymond ! - Raymond . - Kate . - I need to show you something . - What ? - I need to show you something . - What ? - Come . - You 're scaring me . There 's something you need to know , something amazing . I don 't understand . What is this ? I built it from your work . I used your theories your concepts , your brilliance . - Raymond , are you saying ... ? - Time chambers are possible . Yeah . I built it for you . It took me almost three years . It isn 't perfect yet . It only works for limited periods . I got it up to 47 minutes now . But it can 't go longer until I program it with the completed equation , Kate . Kate . Kate , listen to me . You need to complete it so we can keep the chamber open indefinitely . Raymond , what year is it ? - 2007 . - No , what year is it out there ? 2011 . Agent Dunham ! Walter , I 'm as close as I 'm gonna get . Now you spray the fingerprint powder towards the suspect area . Walter , it 's huge . There 's no end to it . It probably shrouds the property . This is a time bubble . And if we 're right , and what 's happening is originating from there it would be powerful , which is why the agent was obliterated . You can 't just walk from the present into the past . - It 's shattering the laws of physics . - How do we get in ? There 's only one way in . We need a Faraday cage . It 's gotta be mobile . Something that can block out the field so I can cross through and turn off whatever 's causing this . - Walter , you need to build a movable ... - I heard the idea . I know what a Faraday cage is . A baboon would . Astrid . I need a computer battery . And a spool of copper wire . And a climbing harness and some rubber cement . I think it 's in my Spider-Man fanny pack . Walter 's working on a way to get inside . Did he mention when or where we can expect another residual event ? I didn 't ask . What about Walter 's spiral ? It led us to the origin . Could we track where the next event will occur ? - Yeah , that 's a good idea . I need a map . - Come with me . - You need to stop this . Turn it off . - No . You don 't understand . You don 't know what can happen . We don 't have much time . - Finish the equation . - Tell me why this is happening . - I don 't understand . - You need to trust me , Kate . Some things are supposed to remain theories . - It wasn 't meant to be built . - You don 't understand . - Tell me why you did it . - We don 't have time ! Raymond . Why did you do this ? Did something happen to me ? Raymond ? I lost you , Kate . I lost you . We 've identified the owners of the house . Raymond and Kate Greene . Raymond 's an electrical engineer . Kate , professor emeritus of theoretical physics at Boston University . Theoretical physics . Well , that makes sense . She retired three years ago . Early-onset Alzheimer 's . We have a problem . If we extend the golden spiral out to the next iteration we find the next event will take place there , the Melville Tunnel . - Which didn 't exist four years ago . - That tunnel goes under the river . There 's hundreds of people in it at any one point . If that tunnel ceases to exist , they 'll all drown . Agent Lee , get down there . Coordinate with Boston P.D. And start evacuating . Here . Walter calls this " The Walter Bishop Faraday Harness . " He wanted me to tell you that . So how do I put it on ? I 'm the one who goes in . - What are you gonna do inside ? - Shut it off . - How ? - Walter will talk me through . We don 't know if comms will work . Need someone with a science background . He 's right . Now , you ... The primary transistor goes on the back of the neck with the prongs either side of the spine . - This goes into your neck . - Of course it does . This will get him across , but I 'm not guaranteeing what will happen inside . Environment in the bubble may override the device . Walter , what happens if it breaks down on the inside ? Exactly the same as happened to the fellow who turned into confetti . Walter , he 's in . Cage was a good idea . He 's very smart . We have to hurry . It 's over , Raymond . - They 're outside . - No , they can 't come in . It 's impossible . All you have to do is solve the problem . I already solved it . Upstairs . It 's , um ... It 's why I called out to you . I haven 't written it down yet but I have it . Raymond , what have you done ? Peter ? Peter , can you hear me ? - Agent Lee . - We 've still got over 50 cars stuck here . We 're clearing out the civilians , but ... You have to see this . I thought this was impossible , but I wouldn 't give up . It wouldn 't work . - And then something changed . - What changed ? At first , I couldn 't get it to work . And then three days ago , I got results . And five minutes turned into 10 , and 10 into 20 . And then I got it up to 47 minutes . - I know it can go longer . - It 's over , Raymond . - They 're not going away . - We 're not turning it off . Don 't make me hurt you . No , no , no , don 't . You can 't . The entire city block will be evaporated along with all of us . He 's right . If it 's not shut down properly it will cause a rip in the fabric of space-time . Then shut it down properly . An agent is dead because of this . Now there 's a tunnel that 's gonna cease to exist , causing many more deaths . What are you talking about ? Time displacement . There are repercussions . Repercussions I was afraid of . - I 'll shut it down . - No , Kate . On one condition . I want immunity for my husband . He didn 't know . There 's no way he could have . - Can you hear me ? - Yeah , go ahead . They 'll turn it off , but they 've got conditions . I can 't go on without you . I don 't want this for us . Kate . When you got sick , it happened so fast . And all the things that you were for me and all of the things that you did for me I didn 't have a chance to be that for you . I thought we 'd have more time . This isn 't living , Raymond . Living is what 's beyond this room , beyond this house out in the world , where you 're supposed to be . If not this , how ? How do I repay you ? I mean , what better thing could I do for you than this ? You say that you shouldn 't change fate , but you don 't know . You don 't know what 's waiting for you , how terrible it is . Sweetheart , I 'll never give up , Kate . Never . I 'll build it again . I can do it again . We have your completed equation . You did it . Look , all you have to do is write it in that book . I 'm not gonna give up . I 'm not gonna give up , Kate . We would have to move to another place . Yes , far away , yes . And I 'm sure you 'll find a way , so that people won 't get hurt . Let them have the investigation , let them take away all the equipment ask their questions . I 'll build it again . I 'll build it again . They 're drawing up paperwork . I have assurances you will not be prosecuted . I hate to break this up , but I held up my end . We 're running out of time . I love you , Raymond . Yeah . It 's all right . Don 't ... Don 't ... Don 't worry about all these people here , Kate . It 's okay . It 'll be just us again . I have to go answer some questions now . - Okay . - A few hours and I 'll be back . A nurse will be here with you in case you need anything . All right ? I 'll be back soon . No . No , no . - I know , I know , stay here . - I just need a few minutes . If you get hungry , you can get a snack from the kitchen , which is just there . Give me , like , five minutes . Good work today . It turns out it wasn 't you causing these events after all . Actually , I think it was . I think Kate 's theory worked because of my presence here . Why do you think that ? I overheard Raymond telling Kate he started getting results three days ago . I arrived three days ago . Initially I thought it was the timeline that had to be reset but now I 'm thinking that it 's me . Clearly I 'm in the wrong place . All the people that I know and love are somewhere else . Now I just gotta figure out how to get home . In the meantime I can make it more comfortable while you 're here . You said you were living in faculty housing with Dr. Bishop . I checked , and Dr. Bishop does own a home on campus . It 's deja vu . Just so you know , there will be an FBI agent stationed out the front . Ha , ha . Where would I run to ? So , hey , do I get an allowance ? - I 'll see what I can do . - Okay . Thanks for the lift . I 'm gonna talk to Walter again and see if I can convince him to help you . Best of luck with that . I was important to you , wasn 't I ? I mean , the other version of me . Because I see the way you look at me when you think that I 'm not aware . Yeah . Yeah , she was . She is . Well , I hope that you get back to her . Thank you . Me too .
