 - Captain Lee , he didn 't make it . - Thought I 'd stick around a while . - Figured you 'd need some help . - That 'd be nice . What would David Robert Jones gain by destroying a town people didn 't even know was here ? - I don 't know . But the amphylicite recovered from those devices is a fraction of Jones ' stockpile . It 's your world you ought to be concerned about . As bad as you think things are now , things are gonna get much worse . There 's been rumblings lately about a group out there obsessed with the guided evolution of man . They wanna create a new species . You said that Jones was a megalomaniac . That he has a god complex . Maybe Jones is trying to take control of the situation . You coming , Walter ? - Don 't know that you really needed a tie . - I thought it was appropriate . Well , you look great . Thank you all for coming . I have asked you here because I believe that I have discovered David Robert Jones ' true intentions . I believe that Jones is trying to collapse our universes in order to create a gravitational singularity . As our worlds contract the force becomes greater and greater . And as matter and energy are compressed to a point the density is so great that it has no recourse but to rapidly expand outwards again . Creating a big bang . Mutual destruction . Our side and yours . He would do all this , why ? To create another universe . His universe . A world in which the laws of physics and nature are designed and controlled by him . And how did you come to this conclusion ? I had a dream . A dream ? My subconscious mind was working while my conscious mind was at rest . Walter , with all respect , maybe it was just a dream . If I have learned one thing it 's that anything is possible . And given what we know about Jones ' actions so far what Dr. Bishop suggests should not be overlooked . Okay , so let 's assume Walter 's right , how would Jones do this ? Don 't get too close to the water . Keep the change . - Get out of the street . - Come on . - Move ! - Let 's go ! Let 's go ! Look out ! You 've lost me , Walter . How can someone destroy two universes and survive to see it ? Westfield . Jones used amphylicite to destroy the town of Westfield in our universe and yours . When he finished , there was one area still standing . - Meaning ? - Meaning that perhaps it was a test . A way to ensure his survival . So Jones is planning on , what ? Riding out the apocalypse ? We already know that Jones has created a new species . Now , it 's possible that he has built a safe zone where he and his creations can be protected . After all , he will have to populate this new world . Like Noah 's ark , is that what you 're saying ? Something like that , yes . Mr. Secretary , I have a message from Command . In this scenario , would there be any way to stop Jones ? Short of killing him , I don 't know . - Dunham . - Broyles . Dunham . You did great , Walter . He can 't even stay in the same room with me . No , he listened to you . They all did . Emergency Services is receiving multiple reports of earthquakes all over the world . Worlds . It 's happening on our side too . It 's Jones . Twenty-seven earthquakes . Most of them occurred nowhere near major fault lines . Registering between a 5.7 and a 7.1 on the Richter scale . And they all started at exactly the same 11 : 23 a.m. , Greenwich mean time . The locations are the same in both universes ? - Yes . - Nepal . Buenos Aires . Beijing . To synchronize earthquakes all over the world , he must 've had a trigger . Presumably , amphylicite . I 'll coordinate with the Other Side and begin a search . I wonder how you say " amphylicite " in Mandarin . What is he doing ? Uh , we don 't know . He said that he 's not ready to tell us yet . So why these 27 locations ? Assuming that it is Jones , it can 't just be random . There must be a pattern . So , what ? I don 't know , another test ? No , this is not another test . I think I 'm starting to understand . The items in this box were recovered from the epicenter of the earthquake in Manhattan . Now , as we 've seen , everything from our universe vibrates at a frequency of 261.6 Hz . The key of C. And things from the other universe at 392 Hz , a G. But these things vibrate at 329.6 Hz . - The key of E. - Precisely . I think I know what he 's doing now . Jones is trying to tune the two universes to vibrate at a common frequency . And it 's these vibrations that are creating the earthquakes . And I suspect we 'll see many more because the vibrations are weakening uh , the barrier between our two universes . If he does it enough times in the right locations collapse is inevitable . Agent Lee , you have a visitor . Lincoln . Hi . I 'm Nick Lane . I don 't know if you remember me but we grew up in the same neighborhood in Philly . I was a couple of years behind you in school . You went out with my sister , Kendra . Nick . Right . Uh , good to see you again . So , what can I do for you ? I 'm really sorry to ambush you like this but I didn 't really wanna call the hotline and you 're the only person I know who 's an actual Fringe Division agent . I had a vision . I saw the earthquakes . I was standing right in the middle of it . But the thing is , when this happened I wasn 't even aware there was an earthquake . I hadn 't turned on the news yet . How is that possible ? Hey , you guys . Check this out . This is footage of the epicenter in Sydney , Australia taken with a cell phone camera . - See her ? - She 's just standing there . While everybody else runs for cover . You think she caused this ? Well , she 's standing at the epicenter . Maybe whatever device we 're looking for , Jones ' trigger , maybe it 's on her . - Hmm . She 's pretty . - Is this the best angle that we have ? - Yeah , I 'm afraid so . - Could you try and get a clearer image ? Yeah . - Ahem , Dunham . - Hey , it 's me . - Hey . What 's up ? - I got a guy on this side who had a vision of standing in the middle of the earthquake in Manhattan . The way he described it I think he saw the earthquake on your side . In our Manhattan . Like he was remotely viewing it from this side . He said that in his vision there were no Twin Towers . Do we know who he is ? A citizen . His name is , uh , Nick Lane . - You still there ? - I 'll call you back . It 's not much better . I 'm gonna run it through facial recognition and see if we get a hit . Uh , no need , her name is Sally Clark . - You 're right . - We were in the Cortexiphan trials . Along with another boy , Nick Lane . Nick Lane ? What does he have to do with this ? I don 't think Jones is using amphylicite devices to trigger these events . I think they are the devices . He 's using Cortexiphan subjects . It 's horrible and deranged , but you have to agree really quite ingenious . Jones is using Nick Lane and the other Cortexiphan subjects ' abilities to psychically link with versions of themselves in the alternate universe . Meaning , Nick Lane and the others are drawing on their alternate 's frequency uh , to change the vibratory nature of the area that they 're standing in . Effectively merging the two universes together . Which is what 's causing the earthquakes . And the eventual collapse of our worlds . This man , I 'm afraid , I underestimated him . Jones must have a remarkable mind to have devised a plan like this . Walter . Could the connection between our two universes be what 's facilitating this psychic link ? I suppose . So , what if we severed it ? - You 're not suggesting ... ? - Yes , I am . Suggesting what ? That we close the bridge . We turn off the machine . It cuts the link between our Cortexiphan subjects and their doppelgangers . Walter , would that work ? Unh , in theory , yes . But if we were able to shut down the machine we may never be able to start it again . Our two sides would be separated forever . The bridge being open is what 's enabled the other universe to heal . So , what would happen if we closed it ? Most likely the healing would stop . Their world wouldn 't get any worse , but it wouldn 't get any better either . - There 's no other alternative , Walter . - That 's easy for us to say , Peter . Well , there is one other option . We find Jones and we stop the next attack . How ? I think I have an idea . Crossing over takes some getting used to . You know , it was weird for me too , the first time . So how 's this gonna work ? This is gonna pinch just a little . Will any of this stuff hurt me ? Shouldn 't . In fact , it may not do anything at all . But if we 're lucky , it may help Agent Dunham find the man we 're after . I knew Nick when we were kids , we shared an emotional bond . And I 'm hoping that through you we may be able to reconnect and find him . And this makes perfect sense to all of you ? I find it 's best if you just go with it . Think of it this way , if it works out , you 're the hero that saved two universes . I appreciate what you guys have been doing to prevent closing the bridge . Even if it 's a long shot . The truth is , I like coming over here , especially after it rains . When my world started to break down the conditions in the atmosphere changed . And the light doesn 't reflect through moisture the way it used to . We haven 't seen a rainbow in over 20 years . I didn 't know that . Yeah , as our world started to repair itself I began to imagine that people from my side would start to see them again . You know , something so beautiful . So perfect . I still find myself looking up after it rains . We 're ready for you . You shouldn 't have to do too much . Olivia 's gonna do most of the work . One more thing . Have you ever tried LSD ? It 's hard to make out . Everything is blurry . But ... I see brick buildings . It 's older like it 's outside the city . Okay , he 's passing a train station . Newburyport . Rockport . Peter , he 's in Salem . All right . Let them know we 're on our way . Salem . Let 's move . He has a map . He 's looking for something . I can make out people . Young , in their early 20s . Salem Bay University . He 's on campus . Peter , he 's on campus . Go to the university . We need more , Walter , it 's a big campus . What else can you see , dear ? More brick buildings . Nothing specific . - Fan out . Non-lethal force only . - Agent Bates , with me . He 's looking at his watch . No , it 's a timer and it 's counting down . It 's going to happen again . He 's gonna trigger another earthquake . He 's in the quad . We got him . Nick Lane ! Move in . - Get on him . - Move . They got him . But we didn 't stop anything . It 's starting . Seismic activity in Tulsa , Vancouver , Florence , Bogota . The news are saying increased solar activity has caused fluctuations in the Earth 's magnetic field . They 're baffled by so many quakes happening at exactly the same time . How does David Robert Jones convince 27 Cortexiphan kids to help him destroy the world ? I doubt that was the sales pitch . The tech in that watch isn 't from here . Meaning our side . So it 's safe to assume that Jones is the one that gave it to him . Perhaps we can trace the parts . It 's a long shot but maybe something will lead us to Jones . Sure . So I 'll ask what we 're all thinking . If this is indeed how Jones intends to collapse our universes how many more quakes will it take to make that happen ? Frankly , I 'm surprised it hasn 't already . I 've been called to Washington . They want to discuss shutting off the machine . I 've been inclined to argue that we still have better options but suddenly I 'm not so sure . I should be the one to interrogate Nick Lane . Maybe I can get him to tell us where David Robert Jones is . What makes you think he 'll do that ? We knew each other as children . Hello , Nick . Uh , I 'm Olivia Dunham . We actually knew each other a long time ago . Olive . Heh , I remember you . You 're FBI . Of course you are . Nick , for reasons that you may or may not understand we don 't have a lot of time . I need you to tell me where David Robert Jones is . I can 't do that . - Nick I ... - I won 't , Olive . I 'm sorry . But you don 't have to worry about him . Why don 't I have to worry ? Look , I know they 're watching ... - ... but we 're on the same side . - Who ? You and me . Remember back when we were kids ? What they prepared us for ? - It 's happening . - What is happening , Nick ? What they warned us about . The war . And Jones is on our side . That 's why you don 't have to worry about him . He 's protecting us . Oh , no . What ? I think I understand . So you 're ? You 're defending our world , you and the others ? I don 't have any contact with the others . We each only speak with Jones . It 's funny , I 'd thought of you . I think I assumed you were working with us . I guess you have been , in a way . I don 't understand . Creating earthquakes , how is that protecting us ? Well , every war has a cost , Olive . Earthquakes are just collateral damage . And you 've seen , they 're not that bad . But the damage on the Other Side , it 's far worse . It 's almost over . Jones says one more offensive and the Other Side will surrender . Okay , listen to me , Nick . Jones has lied to you . Everything that he 's said . There 's no war . Our two universes are allies now . Our world is helping to heal theirs . But Jones wants to destroy us both . And he 's using you to help him . Where is Jones ? - Hmm . - What ? This resistor is labeled . Might be the only piece of the watch that 's not off-market . - You 're thinking it could be traceable ? - It 's a shot . What 's their take on it ? Closing the bridge . They wanna survive . The recovery process will stop . What can they do ? Weird to think I 'd never see any of them again . Knowing that they 're right there , so close . It 's not the kind of thing you forget . If the bridge does have to be closed at least everything goes back to the way it 's supposed to be . Well , almost everything . You mean you . Because you 're from the other universe , but you 're gonna stay here . I 've come to the opinion that home is where the heart is . Did you do that ? No . They 're about to happen again , the quakes . The timer started counting down . Nick , I know what I 'm saying is upsetting you but just consider for a moment that I 'm right . That means that in less than six hours , everything you know and everyone you may love will cease to exist . Right now , you 're the only one that can stop that from happening . Everyone I love ? You look good , Olive . You were always the strong one . But me , I was never strong . When my family moved away from Jacksonville I started having bad thoughts . And when I went to college , it got worse . I thought I was going crazy . And I had to make it stop . But even then , I was a coward . I was afraid that it would hurt . But I 'd heard that cutting your wrists was almost pleasant . Kind of like drifting off to sleep . I had a sister . Kendra . The night I was gonna do it I had the knife in my hand when my parents called . Kendra was dead . She slit her wrists in the tub . A reverse empath . That 's what Jones told me I 'd become . That my emotions were contagious . That is what Walter Bishop and William Bell did to me . A couple years ago , Jones found me . He knew all the old words . He said the truce was broken the Other Side was coming over now , that he needed warriors . He taught me how to control my feelings . - So I wouldn 't hurt more people . - Nick ... No . He taught me how to channel the untapped energy in my brain so I could help protect our world . I know that what Jones told you helped you to make sense of your life and of what you 've gone through , what we have gone through but , Nick , what he told you was a lie . I 've been over there . I 've worked with the Other Side and they are not our enemy . Nick , even if you don 't help us we still have a way to stop Jones . But that would mean we would have to sever ties with the Other Side . We would stop healing their world . Now think of the fate of all those people all those innocent people . You 're the only person that can help them . This is all the intel we 've managed to collect from Jones ' operation . None of this tells us where he is . We believe he has a plan to survive when the universes collapse . We believe he 's going to create some sort of safe zone . The eye , the center of the hurricane . Ahem , and I imagine he would need an incredibly powerful force field . Jones usually came to me . He had me meet him in public places , never the same place twice . Although , one time I did meet him at a warehouse . It was filled with a bunch of equipment . Machines I didn 't recognize . Well , do you remember where it was ? Yes . I can take you back there . So , what do you think , Nick ? This is it . I remember the frosted windows . All teams move . You hear that ? You think it 's Jones ' safe zone ? Walter did say he 'd need to generate a powerful force field . Move , move . Hey . It 's okay . No . They 've been in there for too long . Something went wrong . You don 't know that . He lied to me , and I didn 't even question it . Do you know how that feels ? I 'm pathetic . I should have just done it . I should have killed myself . I 'm miserable , worthless . You feel that , don 't you ? Team Bravo . East wing is clear , we got nothing . Team Tango , clear . Team Delta , all clear as well . There 's nothing here . This is just an air conditioning unit . Agent Dunham , we have a problem . I 'm sorry . Suddenly I just got so sad so mad at myself . I just wanted it to end . I need that medic ! Now ! It 's Nick , he made Tim do it . It was all a lie . Washington has made their decision . They 'll support whatever we decide in this room . According to Nick Lane 's watch the next wave of earthquakes are due to begin in less than an hour . Okay . In that case unless someone can think of an alternative something we haven 't considered yet . No . I 'm afraid we have to close the bridge . - Ready for me ? - Yes , we are . System overload initiated . So , what happens now ? We wait for the power to surge , then we shut it down . Overload at 5 percent . How long do you think that 's gonna take ? - Not long . - I 'll tell the others . This biomechanical interface of yours ... Peter and I figured it out . Back when we thought the machine was the key to his returning home . Back to his timeline . Overload at 10 percent . He 's really quite a remarkable boy , Peter . Man , actually . Yes , he is . Smart , noble , kind . All the things I would have wished for him . Would you excuse me for a moment ? Overload at 15 percent . I know what you 're afraid of . It occurs to me , so I 'm sure it occurs to you too that if the machine stops working , Peter may disappear . I believe it may have brought him here . There 's no reason it can 't take him away . Twenty-five years ago , you couldn 't have made this decision . You didn 't . I 've come to accept that he 's not ours . " The universe is change . Our life is what our thoughts make it . " Marcus Aurelius . Philosopher king who survived war and spent the rest of his life working for the betterment of his people . Perhaps we will too . We 'll see . Overload at 90 percent . Broyles . It 's time . Overload at 91 percent . Strange days , huh ? You remember how you said home is where the heart is ? This might be crazy , but ... Overload at 92 percent . ... I think I found mine . It 's been a pleasure working with you , Lincoln . And getting to be your friend . Overload at 93 percent . You know , there 's a lot of things about you that I wish I had . There 's a lot of things about you that I admire . Overload at 94 percent . That 's funny , I was about to say the same thing about you . Keep looking up . After it rains keep looking up . - I will . Overload at 95 percent . Thought you could use a little help . I 'm gonna need you to help me find an apartment . Overload at 96 percent . Overload at 97 percent . Overload at 98 percent . Overload at 99 percent . - Overload at 100 percent . - That 's it . Overload . Overload . - It 's time . - Overload . I think I shall miss them more than I imagined .
