 I may be on the verge of discovering the true nature of Destiny 's mission . You 've had control of this ship the whole time ! Why wouldn 't you tell anyone ? The Lucian Alliance is planning an attack on Earth . I killed Riley . I suffocated him with my own hands . You are a good commander . There is no mission other than getting these people home . It was never about going home . It 's about getting us to where we 're going . That is the mission . How do you know our names ? You 're the ancestors . It sounds like ALS , Lou Gherig 's disease . Hell of a lot of data here . Yeah , it looks like they documented everything . We 've been searching what we were able to transfer from the archive . The ALS cure wasn 't in there . What were those things ? A mechanical army of drones . We encountered them a little while ago . Seems they 've been tracking us ever since . This one canister alone will last for years . For CO2 scrubbing . We 'll certainly need it with all these extra people on board . Well , it 's just 10 days till we drop them off with the people on the expedition planet . I 'd like to thank you all for coming to this very special occasion , the dedication of our beautiful new school ... Hey . Do you have those calculations ? ... Laying down the foundation for our educations . That 's why this new school bears his name ... Uh ... Bottom left corner . ... Do my best to uphold his legacy of inquiry ... Here 's hoping something comes of Mr. Brody 's paper-making project . Now , please help me welcome- - how many times have you watched that ? There 's no TV . Look , really , Eli , if you 've nothing better to do , there 's far more important things- - I 'm adding this footage to my documentary . I think it 's important . Oh , yeah , why 's that , then ? They 're our descendants . Not mine . I wasn 't there . Okay , they 're still us . Humans ? I just wish they hadn 't all left . I kind of liked the idea of having new faces around . Oh , yeah ? Well , if they really did spread all over the galaxy , I would suggest that the chances of bumping into them again are pretty high . Plus , this isn 't a passenger ship . What 's this ? It 's a gas giant . For some reason , Destiny 's decided to maneuver around a fat gas giant in order to line up with the star . What 's that about ? Well , I 'm sure Destiny has its reasons . It 's happened before . Yeah , but it takes forever . Are you in a hurry to be somewhere ? Well , no , but power reserves are still at 40 % . Bad as my grandfather . He was always filling his Buick at half a tank . Destiny 's kind of doing the same thing . It struck me as funny . Oh , yeah , that is funny . That his life and the lives of those around him depended on making it to the next gas station . That 's bloody hilarious , really . We there yet ? 30 seconds from contact . This is Young . We are about to perform an aero-braking maneuver . There may be turbulence . Stand by . Good morning . Morning . You good ? I 'm tired . We 've got drones , dead ahead , a ton of ' em ! And a command ship . What the hell are they doing here ? Coming right at us . ♪ Stargate Universe 2x19 ♪ Blockade Original Air Date on May 2 , 2011 Where did they come from ? Maybe they were here all along and we couldn 't see them from behind the planet . Still have a couple of minutes or so before we can safely go back into FTL . How soon will they be on top of us ? A couple minutes . Lieutenant , let 's see if we can get around them . Yes , sir . Sir , the swarm of drones and the command ship are maneuvering to stay between us and the star . Unless you want to head right at ' em- - That is a negative . Where the hell is- - how many of them are there ? Oh , I don 't know . I lost count at about a hundred . Can we jam them ? Drones are 30 seconds out . I can 't jam them in 30 seconds . Doesn 't matter , we can jump soon . Maybe we should just punch through it They won 't follow us into the star- - We 're never going to make it . We need to refuel . Well , Destiny can choose another star . There 's no point in fighting unless we have to . 10 seconds to contact . Lieutenant , go to FTL . Not for another 15 seconds . How is that not close enough ? They 're firing . Rush ! Five seconds . Lieutenant , stand by . Yes , sir . FTL in three , two , one . This is Young . We are clear of the drones . Okay , what the hell was that ? It 's like they were lying in wait . Could be we just got unlucky . You mean they just happened to be here ? Well , they have to be somewhere . Yeah , but space is really , really big . Look , as far as we know , they can only track us when we activate the Stargate , so , please , let 's not overreact . How about let 's not under - react ? You don 't really think it was a coincidence . Call it wishful thinking if you like . Because you realize if it 's not a coincidence- - then we have a very big problem . No . No , no , no , we 're totally screwed . This could be it , the end of the line . Yeah , I just said that . So why do we need to find another star ? Destiny will just fly towards the nearest red dwarf in our path . Which is exactly why we shouldn 't go to that one . You think they were waiting for us . Look , we know they can 't track us , but it is possible that they can predict our course . Meaning if Destiny hadn 't plotted that time-consuming maneuver- - We would 've had to fight it out for the whole three hours before we could go to FTL . Or be forced to jump prematurely . Which would have shredded our FTL drive- - we got lucky . Yeah , we did , but we can 't count on luck a second time , plus , we 've no option but to recharge , so ... We go off the path . Contacts ? Nothing yet . We 're too far out from the primary for sensors to pick anything up . I wouldn 't celebrate . Why did we drop out so far away ? To make sure that the minimum time elapsed before we could go back to FTL . Don 't want to run into drones with time on the clock . I still don 't understand what they want from us . It 's nothing personal . It 's what they 're programmed to do . Destroy all technology other than their own ... And apparently , they weren 't programmed to give up . A few seconds away from FTL capability , sir . Copy that . So far so good . This room needs more chairs . Here . Please , go ahead . No , no , th-that 's your- - What am I , Captain Kirk ? I need to stretch my legs anyway . Please . Thank you . Don 't touch anything . And that 's three hours . We can jump any time now . That 's good . That 's huge . I mean I don 't want to jinx anything , but I think- - Sir , we 've got a contact down range . Dammit . Headed our way ? Yes , sir , multiple drones , multiple vectors . There 's a command ship , too , holding position between us and the star . It 's a blockade . How long before they reach us ? It doesn 't matter . We can 't fight our way through this . Plus , we 're running low on power anyway . Lieutenant , get us out of here . Yes , sir . So Sergeant Greer was bang-on in his assessment . The drones cannot track us , so instead they 've blockaded the stars from which Destiny recharges . They can 't possibly be waiting at every star in your path . It doesn 't matter . They only have to be at the next one . What do you mean ? Well , our reserves are such that we 're only going to get one more chance . Systems are shutting down all over . I just lost power in the infirmary . Well , fortunately , Eli has an idea . It 's absolute insanity , and it 's the only choice we 've got . Don 't over-sell it . Okay , so ... The drones have figured out our weakness . Destiny needs to replenish its reserves , and only uses certain kinds of stars to do it . Main sequence , spectral K or M , mostly red dwarves . So we recharge off another kind of star . What 's so crazy about that ? The only way to make sure the drones won 't be waiting is to pick a star that Destiny wouldn 't fly into in a million years . No , don 't- - don 't tell me . Death star . Close . Uh ... A blue super-giant . Are you kidding me ? We said it was crazy . Yeah , it 's crazy times a thousand ! Do you have any idea how much heat a Class O star puts out ? I 'm telling you right now we can 't survive something like that . And I never said we would . Well , then , I think it 's a very bad plan . The shields will hold- - Yeah , which is terrific , Eli , except the temperatures we 're talking about are way outside Destiny 's life support margins . A-a few compartments are going to get over 400 degrees . Which is why the majority of the crew will go to a planet within range , and a team will stay behind to manually pilot the ship through . Why not just program the ship to do it , and all of you can go ? Because even if Destiny accepted the program , which I doubt , the core systems would shut themselves down because of the temperature . Somebody 's got to stay on board . And just who gets to decide that ? We use the communication stones and get the most qualified people aboard . The most qualified people are already on board . That 's myself and Eli . You 're volunteering for this ? This is our own lives that are on the line . You 're not even bloody here . But those kind of temperatures- - the suits can handle it . It won 't be comfortable , but yeah . Wait , how do we know there 'll be a planet orbiting this star you 're talking about ? Well , there won 't be , certainly not a habitable one . But we think there will be at least one or two Stargates in nearby star systems . Won 't an active Stargate attract drones to the planet we go to ? Eventually , yeah . But hopefully not before we can gate back . Hopefully not . Are we sure the drones won 't expect us to try this ? It 's crazy times a thousand . I take it back , Eli . It 's a great plan . Okay , guys , I 'll try to sell this idea to Homeworld , but I 'm telling you right now- - David , we 're not asking permission , we 're informing you . We 're low on power , and we don 't have time to screw around . We 're doing this . If we keep ' em on the vine , we could have smokin sundried tomatoes . Smokin ' , all right . Every plant in here is going to burn to the ground . Well , don 't ask me why that doesn 't happen every time . The em of a Class O star is just too intense for the shield to attenuate over such a large transparent surface . I 'm guessing the observation deck is not the place to be either . It 'll be like an oven in there , too , but Brody is working on refrigerating our original hydroponics compartment so there 'll be plants to start over . Start over . Just when we were on the verge of being able to feed ourselves . If we just had a little more time- - Destiny drops out in 20 minutes , we gate off the ship 10 minutes after that . Save what you can , cross your fingers . This is Young . All personnel to the gateroom for evacuation . Pack light , you will not be gone long . Did you do that ? No . Come on . Colonel , the bridge just locked down . Understood , head to the gateroom . I hope we don 't have to use any bullets . We 're runnin ' low . Brody 'll have to make some new ones . That 's time , sir . Colonel ... You should be in the gateroom . There 's a third suit . We should take advantage of it . Well , Rush said he and Eli- - Yeah , there 's new hybrids in the dome we could lose forever . Medicinals that might help TJ . From worlds we 'll never go back to . Well , that whole compartment 's going to go up in flames . You have to gate off the ship while we still have the power to dial out . That leaves more than enough time to collect as many as I can , then back up Rush and Eli . Okay . 'Cause Rush isn 't as great as he thinks . And besides , I 'm our expert on the suits . I said okay . Good luck . Okay . Everyone here ? Except Rush- - Nice of him to see us off . And Dr. Park . What ? She volunteered to use the third suit . Didn 't even try to talk her out of it . She can handle herself . FTL drop-out in three , two ... This is Rush . We 're on direct approach to a Class O star , roughly 24 solar masses . No drones in sight . That 's good . What 's our clock ? I can 't give you a precise time on that , but to be safe , no less than seven hours . Understood , stand by . Gates in range ? We got ... one . I 'll take it . Dial it up . Holy crap , we dialed Pittsburgh . Atmosphere and temperature 's good . It looks like a human city , all right . The archive said our people spread out from Novus for centuries . That 's enough time for dozens of planets to be settled with large populations . They don 't seem as advanced . Depending on resources , ideology , isolation , they 'd all advance at different rates . This has to be one of them . Make that " used to be . " Looks abandoned . I 'm not seeing any indication of life . Well , we 'll find out when we get there . Lieutenant , move us out . All right , people , let 's go ! Hey , crazy or not , it 's a hell of a plan . Thanks . Yeah . I should go suit up , help Lisa in the dome . I 'll see you sometime after 0700 . Ish ! We 'll dial when it 's cool enough to come back . All right , people , let 's find a spot and relax . We 're going to be here for a while . Well , my gut says to stay put and wait it out , but this could be a gold mine . What do you guys think ? Cities have hospitals . I 've been washing bandages for months . If we could even find a pharmacy- - or a grocery store . Or a gun store . Thing is , these people left for a reason . We don 't know what . Have you ever been to Pittsburgh ? Hey ! I was born there . I think it 's worth the risk . We 'll go out in small teams , light armaments . Sir ... Wait , shouldn 't we all go ? We 'd cover more ground that way , sir . This already goes against my better judgment . I want you two to stay put and keep these people safe , understood ? Yes , sir . Colonel- - You too . Could hit the fan in here just as easily as out there . If we are not back in seven hours , I want you to get everyone back on the ship . No search teams , no waiting , okay ? Anything in particular you want me to look for ? I 'd kill for a new outfit . I 'll keep that in mind . Good luck . Thanks . We 'll head this way . Be smart . Yes , sir . This was a good idea . Yeah , I just wanted to grab as many as we can , you know ? In some ways , this garden was our biggest accomplishment . You mean besides the still ? I mean , besides staying alive . You know , I come here a lot just to think , ever since it got repaired . You know when you lay down on the ground and you look up at the stars ? My father and I used to do that a lot when I was a kid . He taught me all the constellations . These stars are always changing . Eli , what are you doing ? Helping Dr. Park ? Well , time to stop doing that . Rush out . Don 't leave me alone with him too long , please ? I just gonna grab a few more and be right behind you . I wonder how long they 've been gone . It 's hard to say . Nature can reclaim a city pretty fast . Years , at least . They were just like us , and we never knew them . What I can 't figure out is why there 's no vehicles . Don 't waste time searching stores or buildings that don 't have anything useful in ' em . If we see a shoe store , I 'm going in . New boots would be useful . Lieutenant ... Yeah ? We should split up , go on opposite sides of the street . We 'll cover more ground . Yeah , good idea . Uh , Brody , Chloe , and you two , you 're with me . You 're not wearing your suit . Well , there 's plenty of time before we reach the star . Plus , we can work better without them . Yeah , but now I look ridiculous . Yeah . Will you double-check these figures for me ? Then what ? Well , it 's your plan , you tell me . I know that , I was just asking . So was I. I asked first . Eli , both of us have to know exactly what we 're doing here . There 's no room for improvisation . If we get this wrong , we 've got a very big problem . Yeah , we 'll be dead . Which I find problematic , so how do you want to do this ? I don 't understand the question . Oh , bloody hell , we 're all doomed . What ! We pilot the ship manually through the star . That 's the plan . Who is going to be the pilot , and who is going to be co-pilot ? I just assumed- - Look , there 's no question that in the end that it 's going to take both of us to pull this off , but only one of us should input the actual course corrections . I 'm trying to determine who that should be . Okay . I 'll do it . There . That wasn 't so hard , was it ? Now double-check those figures for me . Rush , this is Park . Yeah , go ahead . Destiny 's locked down this compartment . I need you to override the door . I 'm on it . It 's not working . Look what I found . All the labels are worn off . We don 't know what 's in them , or how old they are- - we 'll find out when we open ' em , okay ? Mmm ... Botulism . The sun is fading . It 'll be dark soon . Six hours to go . Check this out . I found it over there . Looks like a newspaper . Look at the headline . This is Young . I found a decent vantage point of the city . It wasn 't abandoned . These people were wiped out . We 're about halfway across town , sir . You want us to head back to the gate ? No , not yet . We have no idea how long ago this happened , or who did it . Hopefully they 're long gone . Just keep searching for supplies . Yes , sir . Greer , did you copy that ? Yeah , keep shopping . Keep shopping . I 'm getting the gist of this . I think they 're saying that the attack came from space , some kind of machines that went after their technology first . Hey , what does that sound like to you ? I-I don 't know , Morrison , but just keep it down . What ? Don 't you think these people have a right to know what they might be up against ? What I think is , you need to stay calm . Give it to me . What are you doing ? The Colonel asked me to keep these people safe , so that 's what I 'm doing . What kind of city doesn 't have a gun shop ? Maybe they 're Canadian . What ? Listen . Greer , do you hear that ? I don 't hear- - Shut up ! Let 's get inside ! Come on , come on , come on . In here . Go , go ! Get in here , get inside , get inside , get inside . Go , go , go , go ... Go ! Go ! Lieutenant ? I hear it , but I can 't see it . Colonel , we have what appears to be a single drone at our position . Request permission to engage . That 's a negative ! We don 't know how many there are . Go to radio silence , do not reveal your position . Young out . Guys ? Destiny 's closed off the compartment from the rest of the ship , and for some reason we don 't understand is refusing our override command . We 're working on it , but in the meantime , you should put the rest of your suit on . We 're only a few minutes out . It 's gonna start getting pretty hot in here . Okay . We don 't have time for this . It was a good idea . Yeah , well , maybe it was , but she took too long , and now she could end up paying the price . - Hey . - Hey . Success ? The hospital 's probably in the part of the city that was taken out . We found what passed for a pharmacy . Mostly cleaned out , but- - take what you 've got back to the gate . It 's gonna be dark soon . What about Scott and Greer 's team ? I 'll worry about them . You guys get going . What 's it doing ? I 'm not sure . I think it knows we 're here . Are you sure there 's only one ? One too many . Give me a can , give me a can . Guys ? You haven 't forgotten about me , have you ? We 're still working on it . That 's the second time Destiny 's tried to abort our approach , and the second time I 've had to override it . If it lets you do that , why won 't it let us open that damn door ? I don 't understand that either . That 's it . I 'm going down there to try to pry the door open . Dr. Park , this is Rush , can you hear me ? Yeah , I 'm still here . Now , listen very carefully ... Eli is spending more time and energy on your predicament than we can afford . Well , thank you , Eli ! No , no , no , you don 't understand . The point is Eli has to stop worrying about you and start worrying about the more important task of flying this ship . You 're what 's important ! Don 't listen to him- - You 're wearing the EVA suit . That should provide you with enough protection even inside the dome . You know that better than me . You want me to stay in here ? What about the plants I saved ? Dr. Park , forget about the plants and please listen to me very carefully- - there 's a collection pool near the center of the compartment . As long as you 're fully immersed and secure during the transition through the star , then the water should provide enough protection to see you through . Do you really think that 's going to work ? I promise you it will . Look , I 'm sorry , but there 's really no other way . Rush out . Son of a bitch ... She 'll be fine . It was probably drawn in by the Stargate activation at first , then picked up our radio signals . Whatever . We can 't stay . Sooner or later , we 've got to make a move . Listen ... Do you hear that ? They 're coming ! Everybody stay still ... And stay quiet . There 's two of ' em out there now . Bet there 's a lot more left over after the attack . Probably scattered all over the planet . What are we going to do ? I don 't know , but- - Okay ... It 's made the Lieutenant 's position . When I start firing ... You run . What are you doing ? This thing is showing two other planets in range . Yeah , but only this one 's in range of Destiny . Well , I 'm not going to sit around here waiting to get killed . Hey ! What are you doing ? Getting the hell- - This is James . Morrison tried dialing the Stargate , but I think I stopped him in time . Negative , negative . One of the drones is now headed your way . Stay off your radio and- - Get outta there ! Thanks for the backup , sir . All good . Come on , we should get out of the open . You found something ? Let 's move . I get it , you don 't want to do this ! Can we shut that off , please ? Ah , thank you . Navigation systems are beginning to shut themselves down . You now have full manual control . Got it . Our approach is good . Mean interior temperature just passed 150 degrees fahrenheit and rising . What if Destiny locked down the compartment and wouldn 't let us override because it knew that the dome couldn 't sustain the stress of going through the star ? You already thought of that . I considered the possibility , yes . You told her she 'd be fine . And I still believe that , but only if you do what you 're here to do and stop worrying about something you can do nothing about ! Damn ... All right , let 's go . This is James . We 've got a drone at the front door . Dammit , L.T. I said to stay off your radio . They are drawn to the signal ! Yes , sir . I 'm counting on it . Nice shot . Thank you . Anyone hurt ? Yeah , Morrison . I broke his nose . Okay , we 're in the star ! Shields are holding . Activating collectors . We 're going in too steep . Variance is nominal , you 're doing fine . The magnetic fluctuations are way greater than I predicted . I 'm not sure I can stay ahead of it . You can do this . I don 't know why I ever thought I could ! I know you can . There are too many variables ! Eli ! You 're the only one who can ! Sure this is the right way , sir ? It 's a shortcut . Are you sure ? It 's the one I took to find you . Yes , I 'm sure . Reserves are at maximum capacity . Retracting collectors . We 're pulling out , entering the photosphere . Sub-light drives ... Are at full power ! You 've done it ! Almost . We did it . We made it through . Mean interior temperature , 310 degrees . Oh , is that all ? I should start cooling the gate room first . They could be back- - What ? The hydroponic dome 's been breached . Eli ! This was printed on the third day of the attack . The plan was to move the Stargate from a place they called Terminus to an older part of the city . I guess here . No technology to attract them . From what I can make out , volunteers were driving vehicles away from the city to draw the drones . Save as many people as they could . Sir , welcome back . Nice work , Lieutenant . Varro 's the one who fired the shot . Well , let 's just get out of here before more show up . Half hour to go . How is that not close enough ? What 's in the bag ? Hopefully that is your new outfit . I couldn 't find a gun store or a grocery store , but I found a dry cleaner . Lisa , come in ! Lisa , it 's Eli , I 'm outside , can you hear me ? I 'm at the door ! The compartment 's vented . Rush , did you hear that ? Yes , yes . We 're through the star . I may be able to override . Are you secure ? Ready ! Take my hand ! I got you . You 're okay . Eli ... I can 't see ! It sounds different than before . I don 't much like the difference . Dial the gate . No , we 're 10 minutes too soon . Close enough ! Phew , it 's hot in here . You 're 10 minutes early . We didn 't have much of a choice . Lieutenant Johansen , there 's a patient waiting for you in the infirmary . - Eli 's with her now . - What happened ? Flash blindness . Hopefully it 's temporary . Otherwise ? Eli got us through . I kept checking his calculations looking for a mistake , but there wasn 't any . It was genius . I 've never seen anything like it . Please don 't tell him I told you that . He might have to do it again . The drones aren 't going to fall for that trick again . Plus , the star 's extremely rare , so the chance of- - so we 're back to where we started . Well , not exactly . At least we 've got a full tank of gas . Yay .
