 My name is Jackson Norris . Today will be the most important in my career . My final interview with the most infamous prisoner in America . A man that the world thought was a terrorist called the Mandarin . But is now alleged to be nothing but an actor . Thus far , the subject has been evasive . And apparently oblivious to the point of my work . In fact , he seems to be oblivious to pretty much everything . Except his own growing celebrity . Here he comes ! Here he comes ! Because now , the whole world knows his name . Trevor ! Trevor ! This is my last chance to get beyond his lies and excuses to confront the subject with elements of his own past in order to unlock the truth because we need to know once and for all : Who is Trevor Slattery ? Bloody hell . It 's not exactly the Ritz , is it . Stop right there ! Come on Mr Slattery , you know you 're supposed to wait for me . Lunch time ain 't safe around here for a celebrity like yourself . So , Herman , with whom shall we lunch today ? Serial killers ? Nonces ? I hear the triads are a good giggle . Now remember sir , you have your 3 O 'Clock with Mr Norris . If only my mother could see me in my very own documentary . I still think you should 've done that exclusive with " 60 Minutes " . I told you I 'll never work with CBS again ! Wait , Herman ! Where is my choci milk ? I 'm so sorry sir . I 'll be right back . And while you 're there , can you see if they 've got any kale . I 'm on it ! Bollocks . You ruined my jumpsuit , bitch . Chill . - You know what I want right now ? - Autograph ? I want to give the world exactly what it 's been crying out for : Your dead body , laid out on the goddamn slab . Ey , Crackle ! What 's up ! It 's the fanbase . Kiss my rings , bitch . You 're not the Mandarin , Slattery . You 're not even a real criminal . Au contraire , Dave . When an actor has inhabited a role as long as I have he often becomes it and it him . Uh , Mr Slattery ? Me and the boys was just wondering if you could do , uh ... could do the voice . Fletcher , it 's not something I can just turn on . I 'm not your meat puppet ... Oh very well . And you 'll never see me coming . Oooh ! I told you ! I told you he was gonna do it . - Thank you ! - No , no , I thank you . And I thank you . And I ... oh ! My choci milk . I 'm ready when you are . Vocal warm-ups . Old habit from my stage walk . I can imagine starting out you never thought you 'd end up in some place like this . Yeah , not bad eh , that whole ... on people thing gets the VIP treatment . It looks like you 're living comfortably . There are things that I miss . Ketamine , obviously , and the birds but you know , you make do in that department . I mean before being to drama school I 've been not . Know what I 'm saying ? Okay , look , Trevor , this is our last day . - Last day ? - Yes , finally . And , uh , we 've covered a lot of the logistics : Your recruitment by Aldrich Killian creation of an amalgam warlord by his think-tank . Whom I brought to life . Carry on . The one questions that most people ask me when I tell them that I know you is that ... how could you have not known what was going on ? Three little words . The lovely drugs . Okay ... To bring this film to a close I 'd like to know more about the man behind the mask . The real Trevor Slattery . You know , with all the Internet gossip and Tabloid exposées not much is known about you personally . Well , I think that an actor does better to keep a shred of mystery , otherwise you know , it can colour the audiences perception . What 've you got there ? I found this in the vaults of an English newspaper called the ' Liverpool Echo ' . That 's you and your mother , right ? Yeah , it is ... October 12th 1964 . It was there I landed my first role . Boatswain 1 , Shakespeare 's Tempest . Obviously I told her it was the lead , I always was a bloody great liar . - So I assume the two of you were close ... - She was everything to me ! She passed in 1986 but you weren 't there when she died . No , I wasn 't . I was here in America for my big break . This would be the TV pilot for the CBS network . " Caged Heat " , wonderful piece about avenging russian police cop with anger issues . Let loose on Los Angeles . I wish I had a copy . I wish I had copy . Actually , Trevor I managed to find some footage of that as well . Handsome lad ! Handsome lad ! Yeah , it 's compelling . Sean Connery made a pass at me once . Everyone on the set called him Mr Connery . He called me Trev . " You 're very talented , Trev . " That 's fascinating . Was that a monkey drinking vodka ? Yes , yes ! And still those nobs at the network didn 't pick it up ! I think it was too sophisticated for them . That was the break that broke me . Right there . You seem to typify your life as a series of missed opportunities but yet you don 't tend to take responsibility for many of them . My responsibility is to my muse . I 'm an actor , love . Not a bloody rocket surgeon . But possibly , your betrayal has angered some people . I mean , some whom are very dangerous . You don 't have to tell me , mate I 've seen those bloody Internet message boards . Vicious ! I 'm not talking about the message boards . I 'm talking about the " Ten Rings " . - Come again ? - The terrorist group . Historically associated with the Mandarin . Officially they 're dormant but evidence suggests that they 're becoming more active . What the " Ten Rings " , are they real ? It 's all documented . That is so cool ! Trevor , you told me , when you got this role that you had researched it thoroughly . Yeah , but when an actor tells you he 's done the research it means he 's switched on his computer , googled his own name and had a quick wank . So , you mean to tell me that you don 't know the history of the Mandarin himself . He was a warror king , who inspired generations of men through the middle ages . Perhaps even further back in time . Who bloody cares mate ? It 's a show people want and I gave them a good one . It 's not the Mandarin they 'll remember , it 's the name : " Trevor Slattery " . It 's a brand . " Trev " . You 're right . And for that sin you will soon suffer horribly with a hole in your body for every ring of our faith . Sorry , what . You heard me . Get up , big lad . Get up . You ... You killed my butler . You 're not capable of pulling that trigger , Mr Slattery . I 'm an out of work actor , love . You 've no idea what I 'm capable of . And thanks to the CBS network I 'm pretty good with a handgun . Consider this a lesson in what 's real and what 's not . Why do people keep pointing guns at my head . Please , I don 't want do die ! I don 't want ... ... to die . Target acquired and in position . Extraction unit , mobilize . I 'm not the one that 's going to kill you , Mr Slattery . I 'm here to break you out . That 's nice . Not really . You see there 's somebody who wants to meet you . - Do I know him ? - No . But you took his name . And now he wants it back . No . Sorry . I still don 't get it . Uh , Mr Slattery ? Me and the boys was just wondering if you could do , uh ... could do the voice . - Jackass . - Whatever . Where have you been ? I could 've read a book in the time you were gone . And you 'll never see me coming ... Look at this guy , what is so special about him ? I mean , I had an army of robots . What 's he got ? He 's got some dumb accent . His name 's Trevor . What is that ? It 's like if Bin Laden and Benny Hill had a baby . And then I gotta wake up and look at this chick ? Pepper Potts stirs up stuff . Look at me ! Some second rate jumped up amazon secretary . Tony and I ... Tony and ... Tony 's cool . Tony and I , we have an understanding . We 're like brothers-in-arms . Literally . We 're both arms dealers . Both good looking . Both have nice hair . Both have boats . I used to have a boat . Not here baby , not here .
