 Well , we 're bankrupt in six , five , Four , three , Two , one . And we 're out of business . Good news ! We 're back in business ! We 've been hired to deliver an envelope . It 's crunch time . Let 's do this . It 's for you , Professor . Great delivery , everyone . You 're the finest crew I 've had the honor to work with . Oh , my . We 're being foreclosed upon . You 're all terrible and incompetent . I resent that . Wait , I found a loophole in the mortgage . If we actually pay it , we can keep the building . We just need $ 11 million . And boned . I suppose there 's nothing left to do but move out . Leela , Amy , pack us a lunch for our new lives under the bridge , while us men reminisce and smoke some stogies . We are not packing lunches , you walking beer commercials . It was you men who drove this company into the ground . Remember Fry 's idea to offer free delivery ? It got us a lot of customers . We 're a delivery company ! If you want to save this company , you should listen to a woman 's idea for once . Okay . What do you got ? An airline . Yeah ! What ? We should become a commercial airline . I mean , we 've got a ship , and teleporters won 't be invented for another 15 years , according to that guy from the future . Wow . That 's actually a really good idea , for a woman . What else you ladies got ? Girls of Planet Express calendar . Girlie calendar ? Great idea , Amy . Okay , then . Leela , Amy , come to work topless tomorrow . Forget it . I promised myself I wouldn 't pose naked until I was married . Sorry . It 's in your contract . " All female employees must pose nude if requested . " That 's discriminatory . No , it 's in all our contracts . Here 's mine . " All female employees must pose nude if requested . " Sounds fair . Nice work , Hermes . Now that 's what I call fine print . Okay , but good luck making a girlie calendar with only two female employees . Hmm . Oh , Husband . I 'm so excited about this new job . And it 's excited about you , LaBarbara . First order of business is to put on your uniform and take your ID photo . Look , I agree it 'd make space walking more comfortable . But for a photo shoot , it 's a little unsavory . Over . Time is money , peaches . Now shut your com-link and make love to the camera . And remember , I 'm the camera . Stop actually washing and play with the sponges . But the ship is dirty . Whatever . I ran out of film an hour ago . No , no , this won 't do . A three-month calendar ? What is this , Mercury ? I told you it wouldn 't work . Well , you should have talked louder . Fortunately , I came up with a brilliant idea to save Planet Express . We 'll turn it into a commercial airline ! But that was my idea ! Then you should have talked louder . What ? There . It was hard work , but it beats posing in demeaning , skimpy modeling outfits . Ladies , here are your demeaning , skimpy stewardess outfits . Sorry , ma 'am , I 'll have to confiscate your artificial kneecap . Okay , here you go . Ladies and gentlemen , this is the plane 's President speaking . We are cleared for takeoff . You put Goofus and Ganja in charge ? I 'm the only trained pilot here . Please , Leela . Who ever heard of a plane with a woman President ? Welcome to Plan Am flight one to Acapulsar . The local time on Acapulsar is five years from now . In the event of a wormhole sending us back In time , do not kill your parents . If you are traveling with small children , help them not to kill you before not killing your own parents . Now please turn off all electronic devices . Preparing for takeoff . I 'll kill you , my friend ! Ahhh ! I hope you all enjoyed our tiny beverage service . Now sit back and endure our in-flight entertainment . Hiya , hiya , hiya . So what 's the deal with airline food ? They offer you two choices , but they 're always out of one . By the way , we 're out of both choices . Shut up and put on four episodes of The Office . Ohhh ! Your hands are warm . For a robot . Thanks , baby . I don 't know what you 're doing back here in the galley , 'cause you got a first-class seat . Yeah . Come on . Captain , we were supposed to land two days ago . Is everything ... Hey ! Are we at the fair yet , Mommy ? We 're not at the anyplace ! And we 're out of fuel ! Attention , passengers . Please remain seated until the plane comes to a complete crash . Perhaps we should reconsider the girlie calendar . Flight attendant 's log . We 've crashed near a river of mercury on a lifeless mineral world . Supplies are low , cannibalism imminent , radio busted . Our one hope is to form a society . Okay , then . Men , let 's get hunting . The womenfolk can cook what we catch . No one put you in charge , Husband . I 'm the only one here who ever ran a society . Roller Derby is not a society . Well , let 's put it to a vote , then . All in favor of the Jamocha Thunderclap ? That would be me . Practically no one . All in favor of me ? Eight to eight . It 's a tie . We can 't trust a woman 's math . Count again . Greetings , soft ones . Who among you is your leader ? He is . She is . Curious . You are a diarchic society ? Um . Maybe . Whatever we are , I 'm the leader of it . Leader ? Fat man , you couldn 't even run a bath . Well , you sure can run something , your mouth ! Silence ! Even a young pebble could see your race is divided based on the configuration of your 23rd chromosome . What ? You mean along gender lines ? Gender ? Yeahs . You knows , guyses , galses , in that order . Ows ! I am not familiar with this concept of gender . My species has only a single gender , known as " neuchacho . " Interesting . Come on , men ! Let 's kill him ! Your genders differ in many ways . But as with all things that are different , chocolate and vanilla , Mac and PC , one is always clearly better . Chocolate , Mac , men . The end . Well , I 've got nothing to do for the next eight million years . Therefore , I will administer a series of tests to determine the superior gender . Test number one , who can drink the most sulfur ? Test inconclusive . Test number two , who can drink the most arsenic ? Just ask us some damn questions . Very well . Which is larger , an Italian size four or an American Apparel medium ? How many calories are in a small green tea yogurt ? Name any 12 of the Desperate Housewives . How was your day ? Test complete . What is the score ? Uh . Men , five , women , less . Hey . He 's lying . Obviously . That was a test to see who could lie better . The men win that round . In your face , decumbent urinators . So far , I have learned nothing . But that 's probably as much my fault as yours . The time has come for the final test . We usually call it the lightning round . As you may have noticed , it 's getting hotter here . It 's nice . Too hot . Did one of you chicks change the thermostat ? Tomorrow morning , this planet makes its closest pass to the sun . You will all be boiled alive , like retired circus animals , unless you somehow can cross the great Alkali Plains and reach shelter in the Cave of Harmony . That sounds hard . Whichever gender reaches the cave will survive . And may the inferior gender burst into something . Flames , I guess . Uh-oh . I think we 're walking in circles . I recognize the pattern of striations on that gypsum formation . Also my shoe that fell off . Oh , God ! We 're all gonna die in agony ! Howdy there . You fellas need some directions ? No , we 're fine . Don 't worry about it . Keep it up , sistren . Only a few more miles to the cave . Let 's just buckle down and ... Look ! A clearance sale ! What ? Where ? I can 't believe that sale was just a mirage . Now we 're gonna die without so much as a factory-second clutch purse to show for it . It would have been nice to shop at Tommy Hilfiger one last time . It wasn 't Tommy Hilfijigger . It was Linens ' n Things ! The hell it was . It was a Juicy Couture . I guess we all saw what we wanted to see . We can 't make it tonight . We 'll set up camp here by this shoe . Gentlemen , when that sun rises in the morning , we 're toast . These are our last moments together . So if anyone 's got any good fart jokes , now would be the time . Ugh . It 's a shmundred degrees , and all we have to drink are non-diet sodas . It 's gonna ruin my figure . Wait , I forgot that Amana here is a refrigerator . If we could supercharge her Freon with a gas compressor , we might survive the heat and make it to the cave . Hey , yeah ! But the only gas compressor on this planet is inside Bender 's ass . Was that a fart joke ? Because I don 't find those amusing . No one does . Nevertheless , Bender 's gas blaster may be our only hope . Wife ? What are you doing with Bender 's shiny metal gas compressor ? None of your bizmarkie . Walt a second . What 's that do-wah in your ditty bag ? Uh . Uh . Okay , so we were hot . I stole Amana 's Freon coil so we could hook it up to Bender 's ass and build a cooler . You are no better than me , you shifty tree skink . How do you live with yourself ? Damn it , woman , you 're making me highly Selassie ! Don 't you talk to me that way , you big , hairy Belafonte . Ohhh ! You 're cooking me back bacon . Thank you , woman . That 's not back bacon ! That 's your back baking ! No ! We overslept ! The mercury is boiling ! Can 't breathe . Lungs burning . My lucky shoe ! Goodbye , cruel me . I learned that from a movie . Oh . Oh . I find both genders supremely disappointing . The real reason I administered this bizarre , outer space test was to teach you to work together . But you couldn 't . Thanks to you , I lost my bet with the Borax Kid . Never bet against me being stupid . Enough ! Your gender differences have kept you from achieving harmony . There is only one way to resolve this conflict . Oh ! Wait , why didn 't that hurt ? My wingwang 's gone ! My girls ! My antenna ! My kajigger ! My gonopores ! Look it up . I have freed you from the tyranny of gender . Now go in peace . Or actually , stay here . I 'll go in peace . Good news , neuchachos . The ship is nearly repaired . Work goes fasters withouts no secondary sex characteristicses at which to hoot . Now who wants to sings some Christopher Cross songs ? Look , associates , I made a hammock from our clothing . How industrious . Do you mind if we sleep with you ? I have no opinion . Well , good night . Everyone got along so well today . Yes , this place is like a neutered utopia . A neutopia . I enjoy humor where no one gets hurt . Your companionship is inoffensive , Hermes . Likewise . Really , what are we missing out on by not having sex right now ? Well ... Give us back our genitals ! Is that you , Borax Kid ? I 've got your 50 bucks . Oh . It 's you . Why do you want your genders ? You seem happier without them . Being human isn 't just about being happy . It 's about loving , and fighting , and that Rasta McNasty we were doing last night . We want that back . Very well . Perhaps it is I who have learned a lesson , or something . Now what ? I have decided , after little thought , to return your genders . Oh ! Not cool , bro ! Our genders are all reversed . Now I got a whatchacallit instead of a kajigger , you stupid whatchacallit ! Okay , stop yelling at me . It was an innocent mistake . Allow me to rectify it . I got your distress call and came as quickly as I wanted to . No need to thank me . What 's your problem , homes ? Now we 'll be stuck like this forever ! Chill out , dude . Well , hello , from the neck down . Thank you for your patronage . We know you have a choice in airlines , and you made the wrong one . No refunds ! Aren 't we going to cuddle ? Woman , I 'm tired . I 'm sorry . It 's just I need my sleep . I gotta get up five times a night to play Xbox . I understand . Womanhood also takes some getting used to . For example , did you know there are more than two feelings ? I only need one feeling . Love for you , wifey-man . Ohhh . Your manwich ! No wonder it 's such a mess in there . These bad boys are hard to aim . I hate being a man . I smell bad , my face is scratchy , and the food at those strip clubs is terrible . Crapping A. Still , I 'm sure the women are having an even harder time . OMG ! Being chicks is so much fun ! Now when I say stupid things , guys all laugh and buy me stuff . Ugh . What a skank . Anyway , Planet Express is still facing foreclosure . There 's no way we can raise enough money to save this company . Wait . What about the girlie calendar ? Well , that won 't work , remember ? We only have three women on staff ... " All female employees must pose nude if requested . " And it is requested . On Halloween and New Year 's Eve Yankee girls ya just can 't be beat But they 're the best when they 're off their feet Girls , girls , girls At the Dollhouse in Fort Lauderdale Girls , girls , girls Rocking in Atlanta at Tattletails Let 's just hope we can sell enough of these calendars by tomorrow . We sold enough of those calendars since yesterday ! Thank God most of our fans are huge perverts . Who are you , stranger ? Well , madam , folks call me the Borax Kid . My friend , the other rock alien , died without setting your genitals to right . So I reckon it 's up to me to sex you up proper . My girls are back ! Ow ! Yay ! Oh ! So what did you like better , my love ? Being a man or a woman ? I don 't care what parts I have , as long as they interlock with yours . Ah , marriage . It combines the contentedness of being neutered , with the occasional sex of being not . Well , I best mosey on down to the landing . Sounds like the Feldspar Queen is about to set sail . You folks watch your genitals now . Come on , boy . Giddyup . And that 's that . What 'd I miss ? English - US - PSDH
