 You hungry ? They make great pancakes here . It didn 't go well , did it ? No , it did not . - They reject the initiative ? - Of course not . But they made the most idiotic , ill-conceived request imaginable . - They want Blonsky on the team . - The Abomination ? They really don 't like when you call him that . How about the Harlem incident ? They 're pinning that on Banner . - On Banner ? - Not the guy you wanna make angry . They consider Blonsky a war hero . They want him exonerated , released , and then added to the roster . They think we have him . What 's your clearance level ? That 's funny . It 's level six . Like you . Come on , there 's a level seven ? Blonsky 's in custody in General Ross 's sector . - Does Director Fury even want Blonsky ? - Of course not . But he can 't ignore an explicit directive from the World Security Council . So we have to make sure he doesn 't have to . - How the hell are we gonna do that ? - I have no idea . But we have to send a liaison to the General within 24 hours . So , on the Council 's orders , we have to send one of our people down to General Ross to ask for Blonsky , who we don 't even want . Exactly . I got it , we send a patsy to sabotage the debriefing . - A patsy ? - Yes . Someone to screw it up . Someone so inept that General Ross will refuse to release Blonsky . I can do it . I do a great patsy . Yes , you do . Your patsy is legendary . In fact , when I think of the word " patsy " ... All right . You know , I 'm thinking , for this we need a slightly different skill set . If we want the General to refuse this request then we have to send someone who will truly annoy him . Someone arrogant and abrasive with an utter disdain for authority . Someone who will offend the General to his very core . - You 're talking about the ... - No , I 'm not . You just described him to a tee . I 'm telling you right now , stop it . I am not calling the Consultant . Smell of stale beer and defeat . You know I hate to say , " I told you so , " General . But that super soldier programme was put on ice for a reason . I 've always felt that hardware was much more reliable . - Stark . - General . You always wear such nice suits . Touché . I hear you have an unusual problem . You should talk . You should listen . So , any word ? Mission accomplished . The Abomination will remain in his cage for now . Apparently , the Consultant outdid himself . Ross got so mad , he tried to have him removed from the bar . - How did that go over ? - Stark bought the place . It 's scheduled for demolition on Thursday .
